
















































	Resume
ANIKET S VICHARE                                                                                             ADDRESS
CONTACT NO.9769656245                                                                                SHREE KRUPA APT.
EMAIL ID – vicharesaniket@gmail.com                                                                2/8 NEAR DEVI DAYAL
		   SCHOOL , MARATHA
		   KOLSEWADI 
		   KALYAN (E)- 421 306                                                                              


 Career Objective


_To gain Professional knowledge and Practical experience in Development and Management of Various Fields of business.
-Strong analytical, problem solving, organizational ability.


 Educational Qualification:


	Exam Passed
	Name of Institution
	Marks
	Month and Year of Passing

	MMS
	Mumbai Board
	69.14 %
	Aug 2017

	M.Com
	Mumbai Board
	52.22%
	Apr   2014

	TY.Bcom
	Mumbai Board
	67.71%
	March 2011

	CPT
	ICAI
	51.00%
	Dec    2008

	H.S.C
	Mumbai Board
	71.50%
	March 2008

	S.S.C
	Mumbai Board
	77.73%
	March 2006

	
	
	
	





 Technical Skills


-Computer   -   Basics Knowledge, Tally ERP 9.0 .
-Internet savvy.



 Work Experience

    14 months with  SSNC & GlobeOP financial services, Airoli, Navi Mumbai as an Associate.
          
                 Securities Pricing:
· Working with Market Data Management team-Pricing team responsible for pricing of securities.
· Exchange traded Securities pricing using various  vendors like Bloomberg, MarkIT, IDC, S&P, Reuters, Pricing direct, Price serve, Manager marks etc according to Client pricing hierarchy for given product type.
· Handling trade queries from clients and fund accounting team, working in line with Valuations team.
· Performing daily, weekly, monthly NAV checks. Reuters , Bloomberg price code mapping.
· Working on price Challenges, No movement queries to various vendors. Also pricing AUD/NZD bond future instruments.
· Working in line with the VBA coding/macro for excel team for process improvement.
 
Reconciliation:
Reconciliation of accounts on daily basis between Kondor/Geneva ( trade capture system also
known as K+) ans the Prime broker / custodian statements.

                Prime responsibilities involved:
· Reconciliation of trade positions and cash between Geneva and PB statements.
· Follow up with Prime brokers/fund managers to seek clarifications on outstanding breaks.
· Uploading trades into the system, failed trade monitoring and settlement.
· Trade confirmation with counterparties.










 Personal Details: 


· Hobbies                	:   Playing Football, Trekking.
· Date Of Birth         	:   9th Aug. 1990
· Gender              	:   Male
· Marital Status        	:   Single
· Nationality            	:   Indian
· Languages Known	:   English, Marathi &Hindi.


            I hereby declare that the information given here with is correct to my knowledge & I will responsible for any discrepancy.


Date  :                                                                                                   -----------------------------------
Place : Kalyan                                                                                                 (Aniket S Vichare)
