
















































Swapnil Pandey

K102, Celestial City, BRT Rd, Ravet

Pune, MH 412101

+91-9665594123 / DOB : 22 Oct ’88

swapnilpandey2111@gmail.com


SKILLS

Expertise in Business Development, Client Servicing and Team Management.

Worked as a Digital marketing freelancer with expertise in affiliate marketing domain.

Currently working for US based Healthcare client.
 

Business Development :

Identifying new streams for business growth & developed plans to tap them.


Maintaining interpersonal relations with the clients for smooth business.


Developed and Implemented efficient methods for Business process enhancement. Proactively resolved complexities related to quality metrics, Billing issues, Insurance carriers, proximity issues, customized support, research analysis within US Healthcare domain.

Expert level researcher within US Healthcare domain with 4 years of experience across multiple specialties.

Expert level understanding of search methodologies and implementation tactics.

Created research methodologies, identifying performance gaps through direct reporting and direct observation, developed and delivered additional research training.

Additionally provided support to Spanish/African community patients via unique research methods and developed efficient communication through translation tools.

Strategically marketed product improvements to Consulting department to increase user acceptance. Researched US healthcare laws to guide members for taking informed decisions.

Employed in-depth knowledge of medical coding, network contract structure, and healthcare revenue cycle to effectively analyze medical claims data.

Utilized sophisticated knowledge of healthcare system paired with technology tools to drive patients to cost effective healthcare solutions, reducing employee and employer healthcare costs.







Team Management :

Leading, mentoring & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure good individual and team performance.


Pro efficient in Google analytics, Google maps, search customization, operator based search. 

Excellent communication skills, Strong analytical skills, Self motivated and Growth Oriented.


EXPERIENCE

Synechron Technologies, Pune

January 2014 - PRESENT
Current designation : Team Leader

EDUCATION

Mother of Hope School, Vapi

Passed SSC exam with 78%. Passed HSC exam with 62%.

DY Patil College of Engineering, Pune

Passed BE ( Computer Engineering ) 

Hobbies
 
Playing volleyball, basketball, snooker, chess.

Gaming (won a few local tournaments in Counter-Strike).

Like to follow Tennis, Test cricket, NBA.
