























































RESUME


Manoj Kumar Kohli

303 Jai Ganesh Apartment,
Sagaon, Manpada Road,
Dombivali (East), Mumbai.
Maharashtra, India – 421201

Mobile: +91 9820945363
E-mail: manoj.kohli@outlook.com

Career Profile
To obtain a mid-level position in a progressive and dynamic organization where my knowledge, skills and expertise in the fields of Customer Relationship Management, Process Improvements and Quality Management Systems can be utilized to deliver customer-centric support and solutions.


Career History

Company: Connaught Network Services Pvt. Ltd. – July 2015 – Present
Project: Cathay Pacific
Work duties include:
· Responding to customer feedback received across various mediums in a timely manner regarding their concerns or issues since the time of booking.
· Ensuring customer satisfaction through quality of response.
· Offering service recovery where required to ensure customer retention/loyalty.
· Sharing feedback with operational departments to help identify areas of improvement.
· Identifying process improvements for the Customer Relations department, thereby resulting in cost as well as time save.
· Acting as a ‘voice’ for customers and clients alongside maintaining a strong commercial awareness.
· Managing own workload independently to ensure department and regulatory KPI’s are delivered.


Company: First Source Pvt. Ltd. – April 2011 – October 2014
Project: First Source
Work duties include:
· Being the focal point between the various internal departments of Billing, Technical, Orders and Retentions to name a few.
· Handling customer complaints, escalations, disputes through the medium of call, chat and email communication.
· Providing training & coaching to new joiners through monitoring to maintain the desired quality of service.
· Providing process improvement suggestions in the organizations aim towards making business processes lean.


Educational Qualifications
	Course
	Institute
	University

	B.Com
	D.A.V P.G College Dehradun
	H.N.B Garhwal University

	H.S.C
	S.G.R.R Public School, Dehradun 
	New Delhi Board

	S.S.C
	S.G.R.R Public School, Dehradun 
	New Delhi Board



Key Skills
· Written and verbal communication skills, with an eye for detail
· Proficient in the use of Microsoft PowerPoint, Word and Excel
· Consistent and result driven
· Adaptable to new situation.

Accomplishments
· Awarded as best Customer Relation Officer for the first quarter in 2014.
· Awarded as best advisor overall performance in July 2014.
· Awarded as best executive for providing exceptional customer service –complaints in September 2014.
· Awarded as best advisor twice for overall performance in 2017.

Interests and activities
Reading fictions, watching movies, listening music.

Personal Information
Date of Birth		: May 14, 1989
Marital Status		: Single
Fathers Name		: Gendaram Kohli
Languages known	: English, Hindi, Punjabi
Nationality		: Indian
Religion			: Hindu

Declaration
I confirm that the above details furnished by me are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Mumbai

Date:  June 06, 2018



Manoj Kumar Kohli
