















































VARONEE BHATNAGAR

· Mobile: +91-8433053380,+91-9457418797
· E-Mail Id:  varoneebhatnagar1@gmail.com

Professional Summary
· Meticulous ETL developer with 2.3 years of expertise in Informatica. I have strong experience using a variety of databases and ETL tools along with extensive Knowledge of Data Warehousing Concepts. 
· Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment. Also as important, I have excellent communication skills to identify and implement customer needs.

Technical Skill set
	Skill Set

	Specialization
	Informatica Powercentre client 9.59.6,10.0, SQL,Oracle,Unix

	Other Technologies
	Teradata Sql Assistant 14, Datastage 8.1

	Database Technologies
	Oracle-10G/11G,Teradata 14

	Tools
	 Putty,Winscp,Filezilla

	Operating systems
	Windows/Unix

	Domain
	Life Sciences, Media and Entertainment




Professional Experience

Project1:  Allergan-Migration from Data stage to Informatica 10.1           
Aug 2016  - March 2017
Role: Programmer Analyst
Allergan is a bold, global pharmaceutical company and a leader in a new industry model – Growth Pharma. Allergan is focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing branded pharmaceuticals and biologic products for patients around the world.
This project is about migrating the Data Stage jobs and sequences to Informatica workflow and  sessions.
Responsibilities:
· Analyzing the Data stage jobs and sequences.
· Defining the complexity level of Data stage jobs.




· Implementing Informatica mapping after complete analysis of Data stage jobs and sequences.
· Design, develop, analyze and implement Oracle, ETL objects.
· Unit testing of the Informatica workflow and sessions.
· Assist team members with questions and decision making.
· Optimize the existing jobs using different methodologies.


Project2:  WDPR (Walt Disney Parks and Resorts)		           
April 2015 – June 2016 

Role: Programmer Analyst
Walt Disney Parks and Resorts is one of the world’s leading providers of family travel and leisure experiences, giving millions of guests each year the chance to spend time with their families and friends. It is responsible for the conception, building, and managing of the company's theme parks and vacation resorts, as well as a variety of additional family-oriented leisure enterprises.

Responsibilities:
· Worked for RMPA (Revenue Management and Pricing Analytics) team as an ETL Developer.
· Requirement analysis for given Business Requirement. Code analysis and code review.
· Designed and developed the mappings, sessions and workflows for moving data into SHA layer and thereafter to DataMart.
· Maintained a version of records in target tables by invoking BTEQ script from a post session command in the Workflow.
· Involved in designing the unit test case document and completion of unit test case reports.
· Took ownership in helping the other teams and fixing the issues for other tracks in the Project.


Educational Qualification

	Degree
	        Institution 
	Percentage


	B.tech(IT)
	        Bharat Institute of Technology (2010-2014)
	77.8%

	HSC
	CBSE (2010)
	74%

	SSC
	CBSE(2008)
	90.4%















Personal Details
	Personal Information:

	Name:
	         Varonee Bhatnagar

	Sex:
	Female

	D.O.B:
	26 July 1992

	Nationality:
	Indian

	Marital Status:
	Single

	Languages:
	English, Hindi 

	 Address:
	Varonee Bhatnagar,
D/0 Pramod Kumar Bhatnagar,
Dist.- Meerut,Uttar Pradesh
Zip Code-250001.



Place: - Noida
(Varonee Bhatnagar)
