










































Manohar

	RAJASEKHAR YADIKI                                                                         

	
	                                                  Mobile: +91-8143424428
                                            Email: rajas0428@gmail.com

	
	
	

	
	
	I have 3+ years of experience in the area of application development including Analysis, Design, and Development in Java environment and working with Pentagram Infotech Pvt Ltd.
Objective:
To obtain a responsible and challenging position where my Experience will help me to provide innovative solutions resulting in the growth of organization and individual growth.

Education:
Batchelor Of Technology from JNTU University.
Technical Roles:
Worked on multiple projects, in fast paced, dynamic and highly demanding environment, with diversified technologies like JAVA, Servlets, JSP.

Proficient in JavaScript framework JQuery.

Good Experience in frameworks like Hibernate and Spring IoC.

Extensive Front-end Designing with HTML, CSS and JAVA Script.

Consistent and committed team player through the complete project cycle with problem solving skills and self motivated.

Worked extensively on client-server projects and Internet Applications, especially n-tier (multi layer) architectures.

Good understanding Java/J2EE technologies and RDBMS.

Exceptional ability to quickly master about new tools and technologies.

Professional Achievements:
I have received good feedback from the clients and Business Analysts for my quality of work.
Project#1:

Title


:  CCEx.

Client


:  Novartis.

Environment
:  Core Java, Servlets, jsp, Xhtml, Ajax,   Eclipse, WebLogic. 

Team Size

:  8
Role


:  Developer.

Role


:  Developer             

Role


:  Developer.



	
	
	

	Work Experience
· Working as an Software Engineer in Pentagram Infotech PVT Ltd,  Hyderabad, India from Aug 2014 to till date.
Technical Skills

· Core Java,  Servlets, JSP.
· Hibernate, Spring IOC, Spring MVC.
· JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS 
· HTML, CSS, AJAX.
· Database: SQL.
· Servers: Weblogic, JBoss.
· Web Services: SOAP/REST. 
· IDE: Eclipse.
· OS: Windows. 

	
	


Description:

Client is a worldwide leader in Pharma and Offers a wide range of healthcare products through Pharmaceuticals. Oracle Agile PLM will be single source of truth for Pharma Tec hops for all change control, Artworks. The project is a large Novartis initiative to provide full end to end comprehensive Change Control to the Enterprise, based on the Oracle Agile PLM application.

Responsibilities:

· L1/L2/L3/L4 support for Oracle Agile PLM suite of applications.

· Agile customization enhancements.
· Configuring Workflows and applying validation of product data using Agile SDK.
· Agile Administration - Configuring new subclasses, attributes privileges, criteria’s, roles, auto numbers etc.
· Incident Analysis and providing the solutions.
· Involved in Bug Analysis and fixing.
Project#2:
Title


:  WAPR.

Client


:  Core-software, India.

Environment

:  Servlets, Spring, Hibernate, XHtml, Eclipse, AJAX.               


Team Size

:  12.

Role


:  Developer.

Description:
 Wapr is a new marketing and sales channel to broadcast you and your business. Our mission is to make you and your business more successful by equipping you with the necessary and effective technology to market yourself and close sales and also to help you get the best out of you as a professional at a single concise platform at the same time eliminating the cost or keeping the cost so affordable that even a single person- run -business can afford it at ease. Wapr provides a B2B collaboration platform for SMEs to connect & collaborate with companies worldwide. This allows them to increase marketing and sales effectiveness, improve customer satisfaction & retention and multiply employee productivity by leveraging our B2B community, secure intranet and apps marketplace.
Responsibilities:

· Involved in coding and testing of the entire module.

· Coding using Core java, Servlets, Hibernate, Xhtml, CSS and JQuery.
· Deployment of business components in JBoss.

· Writing Criteria queries.

· Involved in UI design for this application.

· Created some project specific library classes for data maintenance in the application.

   









RAJASEKHAR.Y 

