















































Bhuvaneshwari Gurumurthy                                      
Email id: bhuvaneshwari_gurumurthy@yahoo.com

Phone:   +91-9840655258 
                 044-22233666
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Career Objective
 A motivated, results-focused Human Resources professional, seeking an opportunity to utilize career experience, skills, and education to contribute to employer objectives that offers potential for challenge and growth.

Career Capsule  
MBA- Human Resource Management with over 3½ years experience in IT/ITES industry as a Senior Executive HR and Programmer.

Skills Acquired
· Communication
· Rapport Building/Interpersonal
· Team building
· Attention to detail
· Data Analysis
· Recruitment techniques
· Employees handling/management, client coordination
· Sensitive issues handling
· Counseling/grievance handling
Professional Experience
Senior Executive-HR, HCL Technologies, Chennai


              Oct 2010- Present
	People development
	Developing the ability of employees to set and achieve goals and enhance key leadership skills by developing relevant skills through training for all levels and improving the competency levels of employees.

	Resource planning
	Identifying the human capital required to meet organizations goals and developing the strategies to meet these requirements

	Talent management
	End to end internal talent management from requirement analysis till deployment of resources onboard process. 

	HR administration
	HR administration includes general administrative work like leave management, compensation, payroll, reward & recognition, employee engagement, career development, MIS, letter generation etc.

	Employee relations/Line HR
	Delivering HR generalist activities that included Recruitment, Induction, Training, Employee Motivation, Salary Issues Handling, Roster management, Attrition and Retention forecasting, Employee grievance management and employees communication/engagement.

	Organizational development/Effectiveness
	Providing opportunities for people in organization to influence the way in which they relate to work, the organization, and the environment and seeking to increase the effectiveness of the organization in terms of all of its goals.

	Developing Competency modeling
	Understanding the core competency needs - the skills, knowledge, behaviors, and abilities that are necessary for people in key roles to deliver business results and developing on it.



Programmer, Cognizant Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd., Chennai

Aug 2006 - Sep 2008
· Team Lead - led a team of 8 members and handled the Testing life Cycle of the project (MetLife Insurance Project) completely.

· Handled Project Management activities - Project Planning, Project Scheduling, Estimation, Test Plan Preparation, Metrics Collection, Status Reporting, Audits, Onsite-Offshore coordination.
Academic Qualifications
	Course
	College / School
	Year of Completion
	Aggregate %

	MBA – HR
	Sri Sai Ram Institute of Management Studies, Chennai

	2010
	82

	B.Sc - Physics
	Meenakshi College For Women, Chennai

	2006
	82

	HSC
	N.S.N Higher Secondary. School, Chennai

	2003
	86


Educational Achievements
· Secured University Rank in MBA HR (12th Rank among 3838 candidtes).
· Won prestigious ‘Best Manager’ title four times, in various National Level meets conducted by VELS University , Madras Christian College, Panimalar Engineering College and Asan Memorial Institute of Management.
Other Information

Date of Birth

  : August 4, 1986

Permanent Address
  : 34-B, G1, Sri Vallaba Ganapathy Apartments,

    Thirumangai Mannan Street, Chitlapakkam,

                                  Chennai – 600064

Languages Proficiency: English, Hindi and Tamil

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Chennai

Date:








                 

Bhuvaneshwari.G
