















































Shruthi Sheshachar
MailId: sh  r      u  t      h  i      s20  1  2@  g  m  a  il      .  com  
Mobile: +91-8892007956

Career O  bjecti  ve:
To seek a challenging position where I can utilize my skills and knowledge efficiently for organizational goals. And to 
succeedin anenvironmentofgrowth and excellenceand earn ajob which providesme job satisfactionand self 
developmentand helpme achieve personalaswellasorganizationalgoals.

E  x  per  i      ence S  u  m  m      ar  y  :  

Company: Tech Mahindra (27th August 2015 till date)

Current role: SAP Business Intelligence / Business warehouse (Data warehouse) consultant.

Job domain: Business Intelligence / Analytics

Domain skills: SAP BW, SAP BW on HANA, ETL, Data warehousing

Current designation: Software engineer

Sy  no  psis:
 About 2+ years of experience in SAP BI 7.0 in various area of Development and Production support.
 Have gained significant exposure in direct client facing, trouble shooting and Client Management capabilities and 

creation of Data objects, activating BW content Info object, LO Extraction.
 Proven skills in understanding how to help a team identify, prioritize, and solve job related problems.
 Aneffectivecommunicatorwithexcellentrelationshipmanagementskillsandstronganalytical, problem solving 

&organizational abilities.
 Very goodunderstandingofBI7.0concepts like, Data source, DSO, Infocube, Infoset and Multiprovider.
 Good understandingof creatingTransformationandDTPfordataflowfromone targettoanother.
 Goodunderstandingonautomatingthe BIdata loadprocess usingProcess Chain.
 Conducted training on SAPBW/BI to new Joiners and made them ready for the challenges in the project.

 Well-Versed  in  both  Development  and  Support  environments,  which  includes  Data  modeling,  Data  extraction  and
Reporting

 Have been an integral part of the SAP HANA development team of  SAP validated solution developed by the 
organization and other Client projects and undertaken by the organization

 Well versed with concepts of Database, Normalization, Data Warehousing, ETL, Reporting, Star Schema, OLAP, etc.
 Involved in SAP Hana Modelling which includes Attribute view, Analytical view & calculation view.
 Involved in data provisioning types like Flat file provisioning in business process.
 Well versed with SLT Provisioning and BODS data provisioning.
 Created Schema, tables, packages as per the requirement of project.
 Good knowledge of Sap BW/BI and concept of business Analytics in Sap HANA.
 Created Modelling, Extraction as well as analysis with the help of Sap HANA studio...
 Can contribute individually and also manage a team by effective resource allocation and getting the required outputs.

mailto:shruthis2012@gmail.com


Achie  ve  me  nts:
 Received appreciation and recognition from clients for fast attendance and good performance to their requests.
 Appreciated for hard work, dedication, flexibility and overall performance.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Examination Board/University Institution Aggregate

B.E Computer Science (2015) VTU, Belgaum Don Bosco Institute of
 

Technology, Bangalore

78.45%

P.U.C (PCME)(2011) Karnataka Board PES PU College, 
B a n g a l o r e

87.66%

S. S. L. C(2009) Karnataka Board G.S.English School 85.76%

Other technical skills:
Programming languages: C/C++, JAVA, SAP ABAP, HTML and CSS.

BI technologies: SAP BW, SAP BW ON HANA, Redwood SAP CPS.

Tools used: HANA Studio.

Personal details:
Name: Shruthi Sheshachar

DOB: 07/02/1994

Father’s name: R N Sheshachar

Nationality: Indian

Languages known: English and Kannada

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my
knowledge.

Place: BANGALORE 



Date:

Shruthi Sheshachar


