












































[Enter Address Here]


                                     + 91 – 6204019708 

                                 sweta0703@gmail.com 

           Flat no. P-2A 43, Princeton Estate,       
               DLF Phase 5, Gurgaon-122002          

 

Sweta Kumari  

 

Objective 
 

To be a part of a dynamic and growth oriented organization to develop and utilize my skills for career growth by 
accepting challenging opportunities in the Insurance Industry. 

 

Work Experience  

Operations Executive, TIME (July’2016- March’2018) 

• Scheduling of faculty, classes, in-centre tests, interviews and course material distribution 

• Database management, counseling of prospective as well as regular students, report making 

 

Project, Workshop & Internship 

  
• Project on Nationalisation Of Insurance was done in the Final Semester of Master of Financial 

Management (Apr’ 15). 
 

• Workshop on Mentoring Expectations and Developing Competencies of Gen-Y (Jan’ 15). 
 

• Trained in account opening process- KYC documentation and liability products, hands-on experience in 
day-to-day banking transactions and studied credit proposals during the Internship at Bank of India 

(June- Aug’14). 

 

Academic Details 

 

Degree / Certificate College/School University Year 
Marks 

Obtained 

* Master of Financial 
Management (Risk & 

Insurance) 

Faculty Of Commerce, BHU, 
Varanasi 

BHU 2015 7.84/10 

Bachelor of Commerce 

(Hons’ Banking) 

 Vasanta College for Women, BHU,               

Varanasi 
BHU 2013 

 

7.63/10 

Class XII  Sunbeam Academy, Varanasi CBSE 2009 68% 

              Class X Sunbeam Academy, Varanasi      CBSE 2007 64% 

 

*Specialization Subjects: Insurance, Business Management, Financial Management, IT, Tax, Accounting. 

 
 

Academic achievements 

 

• Ranked Second in the batch of Master of Financial Management (Risk & Insurance). 
 

• Scored highest in Business Mathematics in Bachelor of Commerce. 

 

Computer skills 

 

• Well versed with Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Powerpoint. 
   



Extra Curricular Activities & Hobbies 

 
• Got 1st prize in General Knowledge Quiz at Vasanta College for Women. 

  
• Participated in dancing, singing competitions at college as well as school level. 

 

• Active participation in co-curricular activities like quizzing, debating and essay writing at college and school 
level. 
 

• Travelling, reading and yoga.  
 

Personal Particulars 

 
Date of Birth:  7th March, 1992 

Marital Status:  Single 

Linguistic ability: English and Hindi 

Strength:  Positive attitude towards work and life, good analytical ability & Quick learning ability 

 
 
 


