










































CURRICULUM VITAE
NAME-BISWOJIT PATIAddress: AT/PO-Garadpur,
Kendrapara, Odisha
India
Pin-754153	
	
Phone: 09938937911 (Mobile)
Email: biswojitpati608@gamil.com
Gender: Male				
Date of birth: 05-07-1992
Place of birth: Kendrapara
Nationality at birth: Indian
Present nationality: Indian
Dear Sir/Madam,
            I would be grateful if you could consider my candidature for the job of suitability and provide me an opportunity to prove my worth. I am enclosing my resume for your kind consideration and favorable reply please.

Thanking you.




Religion: Hindu

CareerProfile:

I have completed my MBA with specialization of Marketing and HR,  As per the curriculum of my past knowledge and present experience, I augmented my knowledge and gained expertise in my field.I have 6 month of experience in the field of stock market and retail sector.

 I wish to stand with a solid backbone to make feel proud of my employer with my hard work and loyalty.





Work Experiences
Worked (From MAY 2014 to JULY 2014) as SALESMAN at PANTALOON Retail store,Bhubaneswar.During my sip period.
Project Details
· Project Name  : A study of the media influencing the customer buying behavior of pantaloons retail ,Bhubaneswar
Worked under –ChetanMirani
        Role :SALES MAN
Description:During this project I got to know how different media affect the buying behavior of customer ,like printing media and electronic media.

Worked (From August 2015 to February 2016) as a sales executive at Style Life, Bhubaneswar.
· Designation-Sales executive and Store keeper.
Description : During this job my responsibility is identifying the customer need and sales the product to the customer. Also keep the records of inventory and track the consumer sentiment and pinpoints which products are in demand.

Worked (From March 2017 to August 2017) as a Sales man at City Pharmacy, Bhubaneswar. 
· Designation-Sales executive .
Description : During this job my responsibility is identifying the customer need and sales the product to the customer.
 
Working (From August 2017 to till) as Team Leader at Big Bazzar, Bhubneswar.
· Designation-Team Leader.
· Description : During this job my responsibility is handel the team and taking responsibility of entier men's fashion,try to achieve the target and influence my team to achieve it.
Throughout this tenure, I have been successful in enhancing my technical as well as interpersonal skills to a great extent and hope to deliver to the best of my abilities with least error.



Career Objectives:
My prime objective is to utilize my present skills to the best of my abilities to deliver successful and on time solutions for my clients with least error.

Primary skills
COMPUTER SKILLS-Tally and MS office

Education:
MBA (Marketing,HR)From Bijupattnaik Institute of IT and Management Studies(BPUT) in 2015 with CGPA 6.9 
B.SC From L.N College ,Korua,Kendrapara(UTKAL UNIVERSITY)   in 2012   with 51%.
12 Th Science form L.N College ,Korua,Kendrapara under board C.H.S.E in 2009
With 39%..
10 Th From NaindipurHighschool,Naindipurunder board H.S.C in 2007with 58%.
DECLARATION:
I do hereby declare that the above statements made by me are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.



Date:                                                                                                                  Name:
Place:									BiswojitPati
