









































Microsoft Word - Sathish - Resume


Auditics Pvt Ltd (Ajay Kumar & Associates Group) Process Lead, Nov 2015 to Feb 2019 

Accenture India Pvt Ltd Operation Analyst, Feb 2019 to July 2019 

RF Managed Services India Pvt Ltd Subject Matter Expert, Aug 2019 to Present 

SATHISH R 
No 162, Assisi Nagar, 5th Street, Madhavaram, Chennai 600060 
Mobile: +91 8056289354, E-mail: carajansathish@gmail.com 

    SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT - Accounts    
To serve a progressive organization that offers an opportunity for continuous learning and rewards for 
shouldering more responsibilities and be a part of a team in accomplishing corporate goals thereby enhancing 
my professionalism and performance. 

     PROFILE SUMMARY  
 

 Comprehensive knowledge on Balance sheet and P&L analysis, segment & consolidated wise.  
 Having experience in closure of month end GL process and AR process.  
 Comprehensive knowledge of various Accounting and Auditing processes and activities. 
 Having experience in MS Office, Tally and Yardi extensively used for accounting and analytical tasks. 
 Comprehensive knowledge on Internal & Stock audit of FMCG sector. 
 Having experience in PPT and tableau used for presentation to client. 

  

        ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 

Job Accountabilities: 
 Good exposure under US GAAP property accounting. 
 Inter property reconciliations, bank reconciliations and general book keeping. 
 Monthly balance sheet review and income statement variance analysis. 
 Good exposure on the Journal entries (Accrual, Prepaid, Recurring, Adhoc & Reclass). 
 Direct communication with client for job queries and suggestions.    

     Job Accountabilities: 
 Responsible for a client segment end to end, both in term analysis and correcting accounts. 
 Good exposure on the Journal entries (Accrual, Prepaid, Recurring, Adhoc & Reclass). 
 Having experience in Lawson ERP for analysis and Journal entries. 
 Presenting Balance sheet and P&L to client monthly basis. 

        Job Accountabilities: 
 Handled various tasks and corporate client during the auditing and analytics process. 
 Majorly deal with FMCG sector with MNC clients. 
 Good exposure in stock audit of plant, warehouse, depot and distributor point in FMCG sector. 
 Quality check performance prior to delivering reports to clients. 
 Handled huge number resources at the time of month end & quarterly audit. Planning, directing and 

training the audit team. 
 Performed market research and huge data analysis of MNC for decision making activities. 
 Performed feasibility study before commencement of the projects. 
 Familiar with the below T-Codes in SAP (MC.9, MB52, YSD_CSS, MB5T, ZMB5T, FBL1N, FBL5N) 
 Good exposure in financial reconciliation process. 
 Handled multiple projects with effectively and efficiently and maintained TAT with process. 
 Good exposures in MS office (Excel and ASAP utilities and tableau presentation). 



Academic Credentials 

IT Skills 

Personal Details 

  

 
Job Accountabilities: 

 Preparation of consolidate financial statement of Individuals, firm and corporate. 
 Income Tax computation for individuals, firms, trust and corporate. 
 Good exposure to stock audit of corporate. 
 Statutory obligations like TDS return, VAT return and Service Tax return. 
 Handled the vouching section which includes checking opening balance and verifying stocks. 
 Handled tasks related to completing trial balances and reconciliation of bank statements. 

 Exposure in corporate laws and other related forms & Filing 
 Prepare various MIS reports on weekly & monthly basis 

 

COURSE YEAR INSTITUTION UNIVERSITY / BOARD 

CA Final – Group I May – 2015 
Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India 

ICAI 

CA Inter (IPCC) Nov – 2013 
Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India 

ICAI 

B. Com 
(Commerce) 

2008-2011 Madras University Correspondence 

12th Std. April – 2008 
St. Joseph Matriculation Hr. Sec. 
School 

HSC 

10th Std. April – 2006 
St. Joseph Matriculation Hr. Sec. 
School 

SSLC 

 
 Well versed with Windows, Tally 9.0 & ERP and MS Office. 
 Good exposure in tableau, Internet Applications and Network setup. 
 Self-learner basic PHP and HTML coding. 

 
Date of Birth : 13-12-1990 
Languages : English and Tamil. 
Marital Status : Married  
Gender : Male 

 
Declaration: 
I pledge and pronounce that all the above information is true to best of my knowledge. 

 
Yours Truly, 

Place: Chennai 
Date:     Sathish R 

PSDY & Associates Audit Assistant, March 2011 to September 2014 


