































































CURRICULUM VITAE


Sameer Yafaeeq 
Current Address: 51/A, Krishna Reddy Lane, Jeevan Bhima Nagar, Bangalore, India 

Mobile: +91-9000177869, Email: sameer.fazal@gmail.com 

CAREER SUMMARY 

Result driven professional with 6+ years of experience (In Western Union and HSBC) in Team and 
Customer Relationship Management in varied areas like Compliance, Operations, Sales & Service and Data 
Analysis. Lead a diverse team of professionals to achieve consistent best in class results and currently a 
part of Strategic Intelligence Unit. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

Organization:   Western Union Private Services India.

Duration:   April 2015 – till date

Process:  Strategic Intelligence Unit - Financial Intelligence Unit – MEA & APAC 
Position:  Strategic Intelligence Analyst 

Western Union Inc. is the leader in global payment services with operations in more than 200 countries and 
territories. Financial Intelligence Unit based in the Bangalore office is the regional support resource for the 
FIU of Western Union based in Denver, USA. Financial Intelligence Unit of Western Union is a part of 
Western Global Compliance Department. 

Responsibilities: 

o Deliver timely and targeted actionable Intelligence surrounding money laundering, terrorism 
financing and other financial crimes risks to Western Union across geographies, industries and 
criminal typologies in more than 80 countries in the MEA & APAC region. 

o Detect, evaluate and mitigate questionable activity related to criminal typologies like Terrorism 
Financing/Foreign Fighters, Human Trafficking, Drug Trafficking, Counterfeiting etc. conducted at 
regional and international levels. 

o Recognize new/emerging patterns/typologies and respond with appropriate investigative and 
analytic techniques based on applied knowledge and a wide range of research/investigative skills. 

o Leverage all available sources of information for investigations and intelligence gathering like law 
enforcement referrals, public sources, information provided by regulators and other international 
organizations, internal information like foot prints from the previously identified Western Union 
cases and SAR trend analysis from the SARs filed across the globe by Western Union. 

o Develop analytical inferences (conclusions) using all-source intelligence methods about risks, 
underlying factors and possible future evolution of suspicious activity associated with Western 
Union transactions. 

o Plan intelligence products with guidance from Senior FIU Intelligence Analysts, Managers and 
Director. 

o Write concise Suspicious Activity Reports (SAR) that will be sent to the governments in multiple 
jurisdictions. 

o Utilize a wide range of public-source research techniques and create detailed narrative investigative 
reports, presentations and, where needed, link charts or similar diagrams to record investigative 
actions, findings and analysis. 

o Provide concise weekly case updates, monthly report input and quarterly intelligence briefings 
profiling key AML risks at all levels of FIU programs for upper level management. 

o Prepare “Intelligence Reports” and “Intelligence Assessments”, a detailed analysis and investigation 
of a specific criminal typology. These products include an in-depth evaluation of current and 



historical transaction activity with judgement about the nature, cause, possible impact and future 
evolution of the criminal typology being studied. 

o Properly evaluate and convey confidence levels associated with conclusions drawn from incomplete 
information of varying quality, consistency and reliability. 

o Ad-hoc investigations related to different typologies will be driven by external intelligence from law 
enforcement and/or regulators from different countries. 

o Provide accurate documentation of suspicious activity, formulates suspicious activity reports on the 
most complex cases and enhanced due diligence decisions, and recommends appropriate risk-
based business actions to be taken concerning Agent and consumer relationships. 

EXPERTISE 

o Expertise in detecting and investigating financial crimes related to typologies like Terrorist 
Financing/Foreign Fighter typology, Human Trafficking, Webcam Child Sex Exploitation, Illegal 
Prostitution, Drug Trafficking, Counterfeiting, Internet Gambling/Online Casinos, Frauds and Scams 
by Nigerian and other African fraudsters. Investigated several cases related to Microsoft/Anti-Virus 
scams / Advance Fee Fraud Scams / Employment Scams / Online Dating – Romance Scams / 
Counterfeit Goods scams. 

o Sound knowledge on Terrorist organizations, structure and their geographical concentrations 
especially in the MENA Region. 

PRECEDING ASSIGNMENTS 

Previous Organization:   HSBC Electronic Data Processing India Pvt. Ltd.
Duration:   April 2011 – March 2015 

Process: Financial Crime Compliance and Regulatory Compliance (UK CAMP)
Position: Investigation Executive

Previous Process:  HSBC Bank Middle East(HBME) Commercial Banking and Cards
Position:   Customer Service Representative

Previous Process:  HSBC Bank Middle East (HBME) Regional Contact Center
Position:   Customer Service Representative 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

• MBA (Finance and Systems) –Osmania University

• BSc    (Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science) – Osmania University

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

• MS Office Applications: 
o MS Word. 
o MS Excel: Basic Formulas, Pivot Tables, VLOOKUP. 
o MS PowerPoint: Making Presentations. 

• Tableau and i2 Analyst Notebook 

• Basics of: SQL, R, C and C++


