












































                                                      Sruthi siddigidda

   Email :   reddy.sruthi88@gmail.com                              Mobile no:  9951308222
Objective

To obtain a position in the human resource field that would allow me to use my skills I currently possess and would allow me to continue to grow in this field.
Experience

New Era India Pvt. Ltd                                                                                  Mar 2011 – Present
Responsibilities:

· Screening and short listing of resumes, scheduling and coordinating for the Interviews with the Technical Teams

· Recruiting through all possible sources like (Head Hunting, Job Portals, Vendors, Employee Referral

· Understanding the Requirements as per the client's specification.

· Pre & Post interview follow up with the candidates

· Generating and Maintaining database of candidates.

· Sourcing quality candidates & completing the initial screening in terms of their fitment, aspirations, CTC expectations & relocation constraints
Nefer HR Consulting Pvt Ltd                                                                            Dec 2011 – Feb 2012
Responsibilities:

· Complete recruitment cycle right from screening and short listing of resumes, scheduling and coordinating for the Interviews with the Technical Teams, follow up with candidates till the position is closed.
Education

· MBA (HR)(2011) from St. Ann’s PG College For Women, Hyderabad. 

· Bt.Bc.C (2008) from SreeVani Degree College, OU, Hyderabad.
· Intermediate BiPc (2005), Hyderabad.
·  S.S.C(2003) St. Ann’s Girls High School, Hyderabad.
Technical  Skills

Operating Systems

  
 :  Windows XP

Office Tools & Technologies             : MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-Powerpoint
TRAINING
HR on Job Training:

Completed CORE-HR on job training program organized by ELINA INFORMATICS and conducted at SYMPHONY SOFTWARE PVT LTD Hyderabad by MR.K.V. RAMANA, Senior Head HR and his team as trainers of period of one month. Skill gained with this training - Recruitments
Learning & Development, Compensation & Benefits, HR Policies & Procedures, Employee Motivation & Retention, Performance Appraisal, and Payroll processes.
Academic Project
Employee Retention at Mind Links 

Objective    :  To reduce the attrition rate of the employees from the company
Employee retention a process where employees are encouraged to remain with the organization for a max period of time. So to reduce the attrition rate of the employees from the company, I have suggested some of the points that need to be followed by an organization

1. Provide technical and soft skill training sessions based on the employees requirements and designation.

2. Recognizing the talented employees and encouraging them by giving best performer awards and promoting them to the next higher levels.

3. Conducting health checkup programs & counseling programs in the company.

4. Organizing every quarterly some games and outings to the employees.

5. Provide good transportation, dormitories and gym facilities to the employees

PERSONAL DETAILS
Name                          :  Sruthi Siddigidda

Date of birth               :  12th May, 1988
Father’s name             :  Hanmanth Reddy

Gender

 :  Female

Language known        :  Telugu, Hindi, English.

Marital status              :   Married
Nationality                  :   Indian

Address                          :   H. No 13-6- 433/48, Netaji Nagar Colony
                                            Mehdipatnam Ring Road, Hyderabad 500008

Declaration:
 I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:

Place:










(S.Sruthi)                                            



















