













































Srinidhi G


 1 

SUBHADIP MUKHERJEE                     

Profile 

 Overall Ten years of IT Experience in various modules like SAP Variant Configuration, 

SAP SD and SAP Transportation module and also have basic understanding in SAP CS 

(Customer Service) module. 

 Designing, Configuring and Customizing Sales & Distribution functionalities to map and 
validate business processes on SAP R/3 SD module.  

 Designing, Configuring and Customizing Variant Configuration including Variant Pricing.  

 Two Implementation Experience and Four Post Implementation Support & 

Maintenance Experience.   

 Around 1.6 of Functional Experience in Marketing & Sales in a manufacturing 
Company.   

 Commendable leadership, interpersonal, communication, and project management skills.  

 

Skill Set 

 ERP       : SAP R/3 4.6C.  

 Operating System       : Windows XP / 2000 / NT.  

 Package    : MS Office.  
 

 

Education:    

 Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration (equivalent to MBA) with 
Marketing as Specialization from Academy of Management Studies, Dehradun in 2003.  

 Bachelor of Commerce from Calcutta University, Calcutta, in 2000.     

 

SAP Expertise:  

  

 SAP R/3 Implementation and Application Support ensuring compliance with application,      
process mapping, and documentation and procedures developments.  

 Sales process including creation of sales order, Logistic execution and billing documents. 

 Copy control, item category determination and schedule line determination. 

 Route determination 

 Pricing Procedure. Determination. 

 Configuration of Inter Company, Third Party Order processing and Stock Transfer 
scenarios. Extensively involved in integration with MM, PP, and FI Interfaces.  

 Variant Configuration including creation of characterestics,class,configuration profile, 
writing dependencies, Super BOM, Sales BOM,Routing. 

 Worked extensively on LSMW for data uploading.  

 Extensively worked on ALE.  

 Worked on Work scheduling in SAP HR Resource Planning.  

 Worked  in SAP Transportation Management module.  

 Regression testing using HPQC tool. 

 

 

 

12, Ambika Ghoshal Lane, 
Shibpur, 
Howrah- 711102 
Email id : subhadip.mail31179@gmail.com 
Cell: +91-967-444-85-31 

mailto:subhadip.mail31179@gmail.com


 2 

 

Professional Experience 

 

September 2016 –  Till  date  Package Solution Consultant IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 
India 

 

Project Name: Bio-Rad AMS SAP Support 

Client: Bio-Rad 

Role: As a part of OTC(order to cash) team we are involved in providing extensive support 

on any issues falling under order to billing cycle. Our responsibilities are listed below: 

 Analyzing and providing solution on any issues falling under order to billing cycle which includes any issues 

originating from copy control, item categories, schedule line categories, pricing etc. 

 Route determination and creation of new transportation zone, creation of customer attributes and customer group. 

 Replicating various scenarios in lower system for further analysis. 

 Providing functional specs to technical team for any change or any new development. 

 Report creation 

 Regression testing using HPQC tool. 

 

January 2016 –  Till  date  Package Solution Consultant IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 
India 

 

Project Name: Granules AMS 

Client: Granules India Pvt Ltd 

Role: GIL has implemented S4 HANA and being a member of Granules AMS team, our 

responsibility is to provide them support on various issues like: 

 Creation of BP 

 Creation of new customer group and customer attributes 

 Pricing  

 Creation of new tax jurisdiction for Brazil customer 

 

 

October 2015 –  September 2016  Package Solution Consultant IBM India Pvt. 
Ltd. India 

 

Project Name: Global Process Transformation (GPT)  

Client: Rockwell Automation, US  
Role: As  a part of PLM team we are involved in  the exclusive task of configuring Variant 
Configuration,  which involves the use of all components of variant configuration, which is a part of SAP 
logistics and also providing support to our support team in resolving issues and in enhancement, related 
to SD.  

• Providing support on issues related to Pricing, Intercompany Sales process, issues related to 
item categories and sales BOM. 

• Master data uploading for Material Variants and data distribution between clients by ALE.  

• Uploading new material variant using LSMW.  

• Creating of new additional product model, over and above the existing ones.  

• Creating report using SQVI.  

• Support and maintenance of existing models.  



 3 

• Team handling ,client interaction.  
• Providing support to AMS team on resolving their high priority issues. 

 

Environment:   SAP R/3  

Team Size : 50 

Feb 2014 –  October 2015, Package Solution Consultant  IBM India Pvt Ltd  

 

Project Name: NFE_Phase2_Pillar 2_TM-Purchase  

Client: DHL Global Forwarding  

Role : : DHL is present in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, making it the most 
international company in the world. DHL is part of the world's leading postal and logistics Group, 
Deutsche Post DHL and encompasses three divisions: DHL Express, DHL Global Forwarding, Freight 
and DHL Supply Chain. This is a support project, giving 24/7 support to the go live countries.  My role is 
as follows: 
 

• Analyzing and solving issues on charge calculation including generation of calculation sheet, rate 
table, rate table generation, charge type determination, issues related to incoterms etc.  

• Interacting with user as and when required to understand the issue.  

• Raising OSS note to SAP for any solution which is beyond our scope.  

• Creating FUT document when any changes in any customized program are required to be 
implemented.  

• Analyzing and resolving basic middleware and CRM issues. 
 

Environment:   SAP R/3 and TM 
 

November 2010 – January 2014, Package Solution Consultant,IBM India Pvt Ltd  

 

Project Name: Global Process Transformation (GPT)  

Client: Rockwell Automation, US  
 
Role :  Being an SAP SD VC consultant I was involved in  the exclusive task of configuring Variant 
Configuration,  which involves the use of all components of variant configuration, which is a part of SAP 
logistics and also providing support to our support team in resolving issues and in enhancement, related 
to Sales and Distribution module.  
 

 

• Master data uploading for Material Variants and data distribution between clients by ALE.  

• Resolving issues on variant pricing, checking into organizational structure assignments, 
intercompany sales process, uploading condition records in pricing etc. 

• Uploading new material variant using LSMW.  

• Creating of new additional product model, over and above the existing ones.  

• Creating report using SQVI.  

• Support and maintenance of existing models.  

• Team handling ,client interaction.  
 

Environment: SAP R/3  

 

June 2009 –  November 2010,Package Solution Consultant, IBM India Pvt Ltd    

 



 4 

Project Name : AoD - SCORE  
Role: Application on Demand (AoD) within Managed Business Process Services (MBPS) provides 
productized services for hosting and support activities for Enterprise Application.AoD has a Pay as you 
Go on demand model for its hostings and support offerings.  

The SCORE (SAP for Collective Operational Excellence) project was undertaken by AoD in Feb 2006 for 
providing manufacturing type model for its enterprise applications hostings and services business. Here 
my role was: 

 

 Looking into issues relating to Sales and distribution module which includes intercompany sales, 
third party sales, credit management, pricing. 

 Master data uploading for Material Variants and data distribution between clients by ALE.  
 Creation of functional elements in Variant Configuration like characteristic, class, dependency 

rules which includes selection condition, procedure and constraint, configuration profile, Bills of 
Material, Assigning object to class.  

 Uploading of pricing and costing data through LSMW.  

 Uploading material by LSMW.  

 Creating of new additional product model, over and above the existing ones.  
       VC testing  

 Roaster preparation using SAP HR Work schedule for resource planning.  

 

Environment: SAP R/3 

 

  

November 2006 –  February 2009, SAP Consultant,  Web Development Company, 
Kolkata  

Project 1 

 

Project Name: Global Process Transformation (GPT)  

Client: Rockwell Automation, US  

Duration: 11/2006 – 08/2008 

Role: My role includes the following: 
 

 Being a part of PLM team engaged in preparation of Product Models in SAP environment using 
Variant Configuration and IPC Functionalities.   

 Creation of BOM table and Variant table.       

 Creation of material, Defining copy control setting for sales document, Creation of pricing 
procedure including Rebate.  

 Master data uploading for Material Variants and data distribution between clients by ALE.  

 Configuring Variant Pricing. Creation of Functional Elements of Variant Configuration like 
characteristics, Classes, Configuration profiles, Dependencies, Configurable materials, Material 
variants, Super BOM and Super Routing.  

 Creating IPC functional module.  

 Communicating with the onsite team regarding client’s requirements.  
    

Environment:  SAP R/3 

 



 5 

Project 2 
 

Project Name: CATERPILLAR MACH 1  
Client: CATERPILLAR , US     
Duration: 08/2008-02/2009 
Role: My role includes the following: 
 

• Creation of Functional Elements of Variant Configuration like characteristics, 
Classes,Configuration profiles ,  Dependencies, Material variants.  

• Creation of Super BOM and Super Routing.  

• Master data uploading for Material Variants and data distribution between clients by ALE.  

• Creating master data for configurable materials, worked on pricing.  

 
 

January 2005 -  November 2006,   SAP Consultant,    Oxi-zen Softech Pvt ltd, 

Kolkata     

 

Project 1: 

Company                       : TATA Indicom  
Period                          : May 2005 – Nov 2006  
Role                            : SAP SD Consultant.  
 

My roles includes the following: 

• Checking for the Core area of the Problem Logged in and assigning to the correct process.   

• Conducting SAP Overview and Functional Training for users also prepared End user manual’s 
and User Training Material of SD functionality.  Execution of Sales Cycle.  Pricing.  

• Inter companies Stock Transport Order with SD inter company billing.  

• Worked on mass changes in master data using LSMW, creation of material master data.  
• Reporting the deviations in resolving the issue and taking corrective actions in order to satisfy 

both the customer and the consultant at the same time updating the client on the developments.  

• Communicated status, issues, and impacts with team, team leadership, and Client.  

 

References: Available upon request 


