















































Sample CV for Freshers


	  
           
		KAMARTHI LINGESH
      Email: lingesh.kamarthi17@gmail.com                                                        	                         
       Mobile: +919908992131  


Career Objective: 

·  To work for an organization that provides me an opportunity to improve my skills and knowledge along with the organization objective.
	

Profile Summary-

· An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills having Bachelors of Engineering degree in Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
·  Expert in implementation of each step in project.
·  Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies.
· Always willing to innovate new things which can improve the existing technology


Educational Qualifications: 

· B.Tech with 62.23% from “St Johns College Of Engineering & Technology”, Andhra Pradesh.
· Intermediate with 83.9% from “Sri Gayatri college”, Andhra Pradesh.
· S.S.C with 73.8% marks from “Machani Somappa English Medium School”, Andhra Pradesh.


Personality Traits:

·  Highly motivated and eager to learn new things.
·  Strong motivational and leadership skills.
·  Ability to produce best result in critical situation.
·  Excellent communication skills.
·  Ability to work as individual as well as in group.


Computer skills:

· HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
· Well operating in Ms office 


Achievements:

· Participated in National Paper Presentation held at yerrakota.





Extracurricular activities:

· Participated as Lead in the college tech-fest in “St Johns College Of Engineering & Technology”
· Participated in NSS camp held in our college.

Experience:  One year of experience as a Data Analyst.

Strengths: 

· Self-disciplined/ Self-Motivated/ Ability to work independently and quality conscience. 
· Self-Learning attitude, Sense of Responsibility and Dynamic Team player.  
· Calm and Confident.
· Exceptional abilities to identify and resolve issues.

Hobbies: 

· Playing Basket ball.
· Watching tennis.

Personal Profile: 

       Name                       :     KAMARTHI LINGESH
	Date of birth                   
	:
	17-AUG-1994

	Gender
	:
	Male

	Marital status
	:
	Single

	Nationality
	:
	Indian

	Languages 
	:
	Kanada, English, Hindi, and Telugu.




DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that the information given above is correct as per my knowledge and I will responsible for any discrepancy.

    
         PLACE: YEMMIGANUR                                                                        	              K LINGESH
