














































Name: Shilpa Sharma                                                                                 Email: shilpasharma0311@gmail.com 

Profile: HR Executive                                                                                  Mobile: +91-8287606692 

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shilpa-sharma 

 

Career  Objective 

Seeking  a challenging career in Human Resource with a progressive organization which will utilize my 

skills, abilities and education in management while contributing to the development of the organization. 

 

Job Profile Summary 

Well versed with the concepts of Human Resource Management with 2  year of experience. 

 

Employment Summary 

 Current Employee 

Organization Tech Radiation Infosystem, Noida. 

Designation HR-Executive 

Duration March 2017 to till date 

 

       Responsibilities handled  

1. Employee Management : 

 Induction 

 Buddy program 

 Joining and exit formalities  

 Feedback from New joinee 

 

2. Recruitment Process: 

 Screening Resumes through Monster 

 Line up interviews after taking basic details 

 Share the status to the Manager 

 Reference and background check 

 

 

 

mailto:shilpasharma0311@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/shilpa-sharma


3. Compensation Management : 

 Complete life cycle management of an employee like confirmation and PMS. 

 Payroll management. 

 Salary processing of Contract staff. 

 Maintains records of benefits plan participation such as insurance, personnel 

transaction such as hires, promotions, transfers, performance reviews and terminations. 

 Responsible for annual salary revision. 

 Full and final settlement.  

 Formulating and implementing policies & procedures facilitate day-to-day employee 

benefit issues.  

 Conduct many programs for motivating and stress busting for employees. 

 Organizing events and other activities. 

 

4. Employee Database Management : 

 Maintaining employee’s records and their leaves in HR module. 

 Update employee’s information. 

 Send employee background verification letters. 

 Understand the improving areas of organization by taking feedback timely from the 
employee’s. 

 

 Previous Employee 
 

Organization Ojasvin Real Group, Noida 

Designation HR Generalist 

Duration August 2015 - November 2016 

 

              Responsibilities handled  

1. Employee Management : 

 Junior & middle level hiring through Consultancies or recruitment firm 

 Joining and exit formalities 

 Induction 

 Buddy Program  

 

2. Rewards & Recognition : 

 Monthly activity of recognizing employees (Employee of the month certificate)  

 Rewarding for achieving the targets 

 

 

 



3. MIS Reports : 

 Monthly attrition report 

 Absentee report 

 Late Coming in office report 

 Leave balance report 

 

4. Compensation Management : 

 One to one session with employees. 

 Conduct many programs for motivating employees. 

 Organized outstation trip for stress busting. 

 Complete life cycle management of an employee like confirmation and PMS. 

 Maintain records of benefits plan such as promotion, transfers, insurance and 

transportation. 

 Organized events and other activities. 

 

Academic Records 

Course Name of Institution/College Board / University Year Of 
Passing 

MBA Banasthali Vidyapith, Jaipur Banasthali Unviversity, Jaipur 2015 

B.Com R.C.C.V.G. College, Ghaziabad C.C.S. University 2013 

XIIth S.V.M, Rajnagar, Ghaziabad CBSE Board 2010 

Xth S.V.M, Rajnagar, Ghaziabad CBSE Board 2008 

 

 

Personal Details 

Date of Birth 3
rd

 November, 1993 

Father’s  Name Mr. Ram Prakash Sharma 

Marital Status Unmarried 

Languages  English and Hindi 

Nationality Indian 

 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that all information presented above is correct to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Date :                                                                                                                                                      Shilpa Sharma                                                      

Place :  


