

























































Senthil Murugan for an Experienced IT Project Manager

			



		
				Senthil Murugan Vaiyapuri
				 Senior Team Lead
            			
                               West Tambaram  Chennai - 600045  +91-97889 37054  senthilmuruganvm@gmail.com

	
 
PROFILE
Having 10+ years of IT experience and played multiple roles in providing solution for enterprise/portal /web applications. Involved in end-end development using Java, J2EE and also hands an implementation of web services with latest frameworks. Excellent track record of successfully managing small to large projects from conception to completion with strong leadership, managerial, analytical and technical, developing skills.
Provided advice, guidance and expertise in resolving content publishing issues which occurred while launching new products. Involved in finding root cause analysis for various performance issues and defects which are raised in testing phase. Documentation work for performing impact analysis in business as usual support.



TOOL BOXs
Programming Languages	Java, Spring, Struts, Java Script, CSS, HTML, Flex, MXML, AS3
Tools		WinCVS, Maven, Jasper Reports, ANT, SVN, Jenkins, Sonar
OS		Windows and Linux
Portal Servers		Websphere Portal 8.0, Spring MVC, JBoss, Apache Tomcat


	
WORK EXPERIENCE
2017.07 - 2017.09		Senior Team Lead, Colan Infotech Pvt Ltd., Chennai, India
Requirement analysis, designing and developed implementation of software applications. Involved in debugging, diagnosing and correcting bugs in software applications and programs. And developed various reusable components and frameworks, which are very cost effective and reduced development cost. Interactions with Different stack holders like content producers, solution designers, governance team for different aspects in order to deliver the product and meet the time frame lines. 
Onsite Experience: - Travelling to Italy for 3 months worked for Unicredit Bank / Vegans SRL. 
Programming languages and tools: Java 8/J2EE, Webservices, Spring Framework, Spring Batch, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Oracle 11G, SVN
2009.03 - 2016.08                  Senior Software Engineer, UAEExchange, Chennai, India 
Communicating with the client for Requirement gathering, analysis and design. Handling daily client calls to resolve queries and to get clear understanding of business requirements. Developing portlets using Spring MVC, Flex. Developing themes and skins, spring controllers, filter, listeners, java beans for capturing data, utility classes as per the requirement. Creating build scripts using maven script. Implemented validation frame work and unit, integration testing to fix the bugs. 
Onsite Experience: - Travelling to Abudhabi for 4 months worked for UAEExchange HQ.
 Programming languages and tools: Java/J2EE, CSS, Hibernate, Webservices, spring
2007.09 - 2008.05                  Software Engineer, Larsen and Toubro Limited, Mumbai, India
Prepare and help the development team from requirement gathering phase to implementation or execution phase. Involved and conduct peer review to provide feedback for improvement a quality of code. Implemented test driven approach to cover all the scenarios for the use cases. Develop the coding and performed the unit testing using testing frameworks. Provided business as usual support and monitoring the server status along with server logs.
Programming languages and tools: Java /J2EE, CSS, HTML, Struts, CVS, Eclipse

2005.05 - 2006.04                  Software Engineer, Akmin Technologies, Chennai, India
Analyzing, designing and developed, implemented program code to meet software application business requirements. Creating and updating interface documents and prototypes for development life cycle. Developed the various software modules in client-server architecture using design patterns, and implemented object oriented programming concepts. Updating design documents for software applications using Unified Model Language for high level & low level design. Documentation preparation for entire life cycle of the projects. Conduct project risk identification and mitigation action planning with the PM at the project level and help in preparing the data. Analyze the existing software application and provide all necessary recommendations for improving the architecture.
Programming languages and tools: Java/J2EE, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, Oracle 9i
2003.12 - 2004.04                  Project Trainee Engineer, Satyam, Chennai, India
Involved in analyzing, designing and implementation of program code to meet the software application business requirements. Developed the various software modules in client-server architecture using design patterns and implemented object oriented programming concepts.
Documentation preparation for entire life cycle of the projects. 
Programming languages and tools: Java/J2EE, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, MSSql
2000.06 - 2000.12                  Project Trainee Engineer, MMHRC, Madurai, India
Involved in analyzing, designing and implementation of program code to meet software application business requirements. Creating and updating interface contract document, wireframes and prototypes for development. Involved in development of various software modules in client-server architecture using design patterns. 
Programming languages and tools: Java/J2EE, CSS, HTML, JavaScript, MySQL




EDUCATION				
                   2001 - 2004 			IRTT, Bharathiar University, Erode, Tamilnadu
Post Graduated in 2004 - Master of Computer Applications.


	
OTHER

Year of Birth		1980





