

























  
  

Neha Anand 
 nehaanand2106@gmail.com  
 (+91)-7503144518  
 

Professional Summary:  
 

●  3 years of experience in ​.Net 
● Skilled in data loading using control files and Batch scripting  
● Programming knowledge with skill set of .Net and Oracle database 
● An active listener with strong interpersonal skills 
● Having Domain Knowledge of Banking and Financial Services and Insurance. 

 
 

Education Qualifications:  
 

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology, 2015 - Maulana Abul Kalam Azad            
University of Technology, West Bengal, India. 

 
Work Experience: 
 

Work as a ​Software Developer​ in ​NIIT Technologies ​from ​July-2015 till date​. 
 
Software Proficiency:  
 

● Development Platforms: Windows. 
● Programming Languages : (.Net) 
● Tools: ​Toad, Sql developer, Visual safe source, RESTClient, Visual Studio 2008, 2010, 

2013. 
● Database: Oracle 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



  
  

Project Details: 
 

Project Voya Financial 

Period October-2015 till date 

About Client Voya Financial is an American financial, retirement, investment and 
insurance company based in New York, New York. Voya began as ING 
U.S., the United States operating subsidiary of ING Group, which was spun 
off in 2013 and established independent financial backing through an initial 
public offering. In April 2014, the company rebranded itself as Voya 
Financial. Voya's predecessors had first entered the U.S. market in the 
1970s. 
As of 2013, Voya served over 13 million customers with over $500 billion 
in assets under management. 
 

Responsibilities ● Batch job development based on the requirements. 
● Worked on Oracle database 11g 
● Worked on web services, MVC and created a utility to support our            

QA team 

● Worked on data loading from file to database using control file 

● Get to know about Aurelia 

● Having internal training on Salesforce. Earned 5000 point on my          
developer salesforce accounts by doing trailhead challenges. 

● Execution of unit test cases. 

● Analyzing the end to end logs, debugging the issues and fixing the            
Defects​. 

● Customer support and Maintenance. 
● Impact analysis of the changes that are being carried out as a part of 

development and document it for the customer. 
 

Languages  (.Net) 

Tools Toad,Sql developer, Visual safe source, RESTClient, Visual Studio 
2008,2010, 2013 

 



  
  

Project GIFT( GROUP INFORMATION FUTURE TECHNOLOGY) 

Period February-2018 till date 

About Client Max Bupa: "A collaboration of healthcare and excellence in service" 
 
Max Bupa Health Insurance Company Ltd. (Max Bupa) is a joint venture            
between Max India Limited and the UK based healthcare services expert,           
Bupa. 

While Bupa has six decades of experience in the healthcare industry and a             
29 million customer-base in over 190 countries; the Max India Group brings            
expertise in both health and insurance related services including hospitals,          
clinical research and life insurance. The perfect blend of global expertise and            
local knowledge in both healthcare and insurance makes Max Bupa the           
perfect choice when it comes to your family's health and wellness. 

Max Bupa, mission is to help customers live healthier and more successful            
lives by providing expertise as healthcare partners.  

For Max Bupa, ​health insurance​ is not just an annual transaction. Rather, it           
is about building a long-term relationship with their Customer. 
 

Responsibilities ● Better understanding of Insurance Domain Knowledge  
● Worked on asp.net 
● Worked on WCF restful web services for integration 

● Worked on Oracle database 

Languages  (.Net) 

Tools Sql developer, RESTClient, Visual Studio 2008,2010, 2013,VPN 

 

https://www.maxbupa.com/

