GABRIEL RIOS

817-***-**** ad00rk@r.postjobfree.com Fort Worth, Texas linkedin.com/in/gabriel-rios-0624b918

Military Veteran (USMC)
Self-motivated and team-oriented individual with 20+ years of IT experience.
Proven ability to manage application deployments, manage a team of System Analysts and Developers to deploy Enterprise COTS and In-House applications.
Cross functional interaction with Business leaders and IT to meet support requirements.
Immense abilities in building and implementing customer focused strategies and enhancing business functionality for business success.
Proven ability to lead and complete complex projects on-time and under budget.

Multi-faceted IT Manager with expertise in:
Project Management – Conflict Resolution – Team Leadership – Customer Service – Communication – Application Deployment – Disaster Recovery

IT Application Manager October 1, 2020 – June 9, 2023
Amentum, Fort Worth, Texas
DynCorp International was purchased by Amentum in 2019, but we were officially called Amentum in October of 2020. As an IT Application Manager at Amentum, my job for the last three years was to help evaluate, migrate, or integrate DynCorp International Applications within the Amentum domain.
Managed a team of 7 System Analyst and Developers to support, configure, upgrade, patch, and maintain COTS and In-House Enterprise applications for Corporate and Government Contracts. Scheduled weekly calls with my team to discuss day-to-day operational support and weekly projects.
Liaison with Senior IT Management, Business Application Stakeholders and PMO to implement application requirements. Scheduled frequent meetings with Application Business Managers to discuss support and application requirements.
Managed the team to integrated and migrated most Enterprise applications to Amentum Domain.
Attended weekly CAB meetings to discuss any application maintenance.
Managed the complex project to integrated and configured Hyland OnBase to accommodate both Amentum and DynCorp International requirements into a single instance. Managed the team project to integrate DynCorp and Amentum Dynamics CRM with the help of a third-party vendor into a single instance.
Managed the project to create a Highly Available Disaster Recover Environment. We were able to create an Implementation Plan and monitor each application my team supported.
Worked with Third-Party vendors to create or renew application license, support, and maintenance contracts.
Helped evaluate new AI solution for the Business Development department.
Managed the team to configure LogicMonitor to monitor all Application and Web Servers. Created a team SharePoint site to organize team documentation. Created a 3–5-year Road Map for all my applications.
Was apart of a Manager On-Call rotation and trained other Managers on expectations. Created a team On-Call roster and schedule.
Set yearly team and individual goals and performed yearly Performance Reviews.

IT Application Manager October 1, 2017 – October 1, 2020
DynCorp International, Fort Worth, Texas
Managed a team of 3 System Analysts to support and maintain 20+ Enterprise COTS and In-House applications for Corporate and Government Contracts. Managed the team to upgrade, patch, and update system platforms for Enterprise and In-House applications in coordination with other IT Departments and Business Application Stakeholders. Managed the team to create a Highly Available Environment for most Enterprise Applications to prevent downtime in the event of partial system failures. Managed the team to create a Highly Available Disaster Recovery environment and failover procedure to prevent Business downtime.
Helped develop an A/B OS patching schedule for most applications we supported to prevent downtime during the monthly cycle.
Created Implementation Plans for application maintenance and Disaster Recovery Plans to follow in the event of Data Center system failure.
Created team meetings for cross-training on the applications we supported.
Held weekly team meetings, one-on-one individual meetings, monthly meetings with application Stakeholders, and third-party vendor meetings to discuss any issues with application support.
Gathered data for DCAA and SOX audits, Configured applications environments to meet DFARS compliance requirements.
Set yearly team and individual goals and performed Performance Reviews.
System Analyst Principal October 21, 2008 – October 1, 2017
DynCorp International, Fort Worth, Texas
Upgraded, patched, and supported over 20+ COTS and In-House applications for Corporate and Government Contracts. Performed Tier 2 and 3 level support. Created a Highly Available On-Premise and Disaster Recovery environment for all Enterprise Applications we supported. Created application and server monitoring using Solarwinds.
Worked with other IT Departments and Business application stakeholders to configure the application environments per requirements.
Developed Implementation Plans for application maintenance and Disaster Recovery.
Apart of departmental On-Call Rotation.

Application Software: Deltek Costpoint, Cobra, and Time and Expense, DNA Fusion, Dynamics CRM, EBS Propricer and ProEstimator, FIS Global Treasury Management, GAINS System, Hyland OnBase, Oracle EPM and Primavera, Please Tech PleaseReview, QT9 Quality Management System, Sage Prism, SIMS Software, Visible Thread, xMatters, MS Office Suite, JBOSS, WebLogic, WebSphere, IIS
In-House Applications: DynMRO(Materials, Repair and Operations), Foreign Payroll System, Time and Labor System, Incident Reporting System, Expense Authorization Application, Supplier Management System.

Master’s Information Systems December 2021
Concentration in Project Management
Keller School of Management, Irving, Texas
Bachelor’s in Information Management December 2003
Concentration in Network Management
DeVry University, Irving, Texas
Associates in Electronics March 1997
DeVry University, Irving, Texas

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
EXPERIENCE
Technical Skills
Education
Contact this candidate