MICHAEL KIGATHI
PRINCIPAL STRATEGIC IT CONSULTANT
+254*********

DETAILS
+254*********
ad03kj@r.postjobfree.com

SKILLS
Management Information Systems

Enterprise architecture integration

Enterprise Infrastructure Management

IT Project Management

User experience (UX and UI) design

Robotic Process Automation (RPA)

Machine Learning (ML)

Artificial Intelligence (AI)

Data Analytics

Agile and Scrum Techniques

Microsoft Enterprise Solutions

Document Management Systems

Google Suite: Collaboration & Productivity Apps for Business

User management and administration

Information Security

IT Strategy

ICT Quality control and supervision

Performance monitoring and evaluation

Organisational reforms and Change Management

Stakeholder communication

ICT Contracts Negotiation

Local Area Networks

Cisco Networking

Managing People

ICT Contingency and disaster recovery

Risk Anaysis

Database administration

SLA Management

Telecom industry standards

Testing and debugging

Training delivery

Version control and configuration management

Business strategy

Office tools: Word, Excel, Outlook

Business management

Conflict and crisis management

Software Development

Budgeting and Budget Oversight

Entrepreneurship

Procurement

Creativity and Innovation

Cloud architectures and services

Data centre management

Virtualization and Container solutions

Network operating centre (NOC)

Power and energy solutions

Fiber handling and termination

Ducts and Structured cabling

LANGUAGES
English

Kiswahili

PROFILE

I am a highly experienced ICT professional with twenty two years’ experience. I am proud of successfully designing, implementing and managing a wide array of complex ICT systems, telecommunications infrastructure, and software projects over the years. I have previously been contracted and worked with reputable firms in Africa heading the ICT function in companies from a wide variety of sectors, industries, and services.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Principal Strategic IT consultant at One Chamber Nairobi, Kenya
June 2018 — Present
●Oversee IT Strategic initiatives - Planning of new, critical, strategic initiatives by working closely with clients from program inception. This is to guide the programs from the top.
●Managing Implementation of Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Artificial Intelligence (AI) Machine Learning (ML) tools, Private/Public Cloud, Data Analytics, and Integration for professional firms to achieve greater operational efficiency.
●Consult on user experience (UX) and user interaction (UI) for mobile applications such as Android and web based applications specifically for professional service firms and knowledge-based services. Research and evaluate user feedback using various prototypes and methodologies to inform application the design process.
●Manage ICT Projects - Through understanding business processes, needs, and goals, by using appropriate project management techniques to ensure successful completion, in time, within the budget and achievement of desired results.
●Manage IT Project turnaround - Evaluating and rescuing stalled IT Projects and getting them back on track as quickly as possible. This is by identifying roadblocks and formulating remedial plans to ensure a project is driven to completion.
●Spearhead Technology road-maps - Creating forward-thinking plans critically required by organizations. Aligning of business goals with technology infrastructure, enabling smooth and consistent growth of organizations.
●Engage in IT Assessments – Oversee consulting and review the operational health and maturity of the client's IT environment and present a detailed audit and assessment report with recommendations tailored to the client's specific needs.
●User training and change management workshops - to facilitate teams strategic planning workshops to ensure a technology strategy is developed and aligned to your firm’s goals. By engaging in all the areas of the business to ensure all requirements are understood and technology gaps are filled.
●Offer Short-term Services to clients for -:
1) ICT Policy process and systems development
2) IT Organizational structure and role descriptions
3) Vendor validation, technical specifications, and evaluation assistance
4) Modernization, simplification, and automation of IT services
5) Service Level development
6) ICT Project Manager or consultancy
7) Contract planning, management and negotiations
8) Act as Interim IT Director or Head of ICT Services

General Manager - Technology and Operations at Ramma Food Processors Limited, Thika, Kenya
July 2013 — October 2018
●Creation of Operation process and systems, production systems, automation, and implementation of business plans and strategy.
●Strategic planning for technology and operational expansions.
●Management of logistics - Distribution route planning and scheduling, business intelligence and analytics evaluation.
●Budget development and budget oversight.
●Managing P&L by ensuring prudent operational expenditure and income matrix.
●Oversee marketing department, procurement and input warehousing department, finished product and dispatch, asset management, administration and maintenance.
●Ensured constant monitoring of production efficiencies and achievement of optimal operating performance and minimal down time.
●Developed, revised and improved standard operational and working practices, observed workers complied with set standards.
●With the assistance of the Production Manager ensure proper emphasis to product quality and review/develop quality assurance sampling procedures.
●Ensured consistent and high levels of customer experience through the management of production, inputs receipts from farmers, agents, quality analysis to output presentation, delivery and after sales support.
●Through the maintenance manager, reviewed current implementations and monitors new preventative maintenance program.
●Ensured the use of approved maintenance management systems to track costs and failure rates.
●Reviewed and maintained an effective inventory control system from inputs through to finished products.
●Implemented training programs for employee development and ensured adequate back-up of personnel and business continuity.

Head of IT at Anjarwalla & Khanna Advocates, Nairobi, Kenya
January 2004 — June 2013
●Was the overall head of the ICT Department who ensured development and smooth running of ICT systems and procedures of the firms Nairobi, Mombasa, Dar es salaam and other offices.
●Member of the Law firms Management in charge of ICT strategy and programs.
●Formulated Annual ICT strategic plans and budgets for Information technology department.
●Managed all the ICT Projects with the assistance of project consultants and development teams.
●Managed teams undertaking the administration of network, servers, Local and Wide area Networks, Virtual Private Networks. Server and desktop software.
●Managed the firm's ERP, Document Management, ECM, practice management systems, knowledge management and telecommunication systems.
●Advised the firms Partnership and management on Information technology matters, including future requirements, upgrades and emerging technologies, privacy and government policy.
●Created and ensured that IT Policy, Information risk management and data security policy are implemented and followed up. These included the BYOD best practice, risk assessment and business continuity practices, disaster recovery drills and procedures.
● Liaised with consultants, suppliers and coordinate warranties, SLAs, installations and other contracts.
●Oversaw the training of new staff in applications and Information technology best practice to ensure familiarity and efficient utilization of IT resources.
●Coordinated and scheduled training of IT Staff and internal trainers
●Ensured quality of training by evaluation of the skills acquired by IT staff, users and ensured interminable education in new IT skills and quick point blast communications and refresher courses.
●With the help of departmental IT staff, ensured all ICT systems are in good working order including telecommunication and ICT infrastructure and associated equipment.
●ICT Infrastructure asset management and approval of procurement of all computer and communication equipment.
●Create a departmental budget and budget oversight.

Manager Information and Telecoms Division at Central Electricals (Uganda) Limited, Kampala, Uganda
October 2001 — December 2003
●Managed all Telecommunications, Data and Infrastructure Projects.
●Managed the sales and service department performance.
●Oversaw the sales, quotation, tendering and technical sales support.
●Oversaw the sales department follow up and pipeline management.
●Worked out project schedules and manpower requirements.
●Worked out project requirements and projections for materials requirements.
●Oversaw the procurement, logistics, and storage of materials.
●Coordinated site agents and project supervisors.
● Issued Interim performance certificates and variation certificates to quantity surveyors of projects and clients.
●Liaised with clients, project consultants, managers, and architects.
●Attended sales, site meetings and any project meetings.
●Ensured full completion of projects on time, on budget and achieving desired results as per contract and design.

Project Manager at Central Electricals International Limited, Nairobi, Kenya
December 2000 — March 2002
●Designed, Implemented and Managed the installation of Structured cabling voice and data Networks.
●Managed assigned projects from initiation to completion - ensured they are finished in time and on budget.
●Acted as liaison Manager for all Structured Cabling Voice and Data installation projects.
●Recruited temporary and permanent site staff.
●Requisitioned and arranged delivery of materials to site.
●Carried out site visits and write project reports.
●Managed stake holder expectations and communications.
●Setup and Configured Enterprise servers, routers, switches and workstations.

Network Administrator at Uneximp Limited, Nairobi, Kenya
October 1997 — August 2000
●Identified and recommended IT Solutions that best suited the company’s needs.
●Trouble shot, debugged, configured software and repaired computers.
●Installed and customized new software.
●Was the administrator of the Local area Network (LAN) consisting of Windows NT Servers for MS Exchange, Unix Servers, Windows NT workstations.
●Liaised with Internet service providers to ensure quality of service.
●Updated and supported a B2B website www.egreencoffee.com
●Oversaw data entry into the inventory and accounting programs by data entry clerks.
●Training of end users.
●Supported other local branches and associated companies.

JOB SECONDMENTS

IT Operations manager - Stephenson Harwood (United Kingdom ), London
January 2009 — March 2009
Secondment to specialist legal Firms ICT department
● IT planning and forecasting in ICT projects.
● Matter based structured document management.
●Automated IT support and Help-desk management.
●Virtualization of server infrastructure, server consolidation, energy efficiency, green ICT.
●Business continuity, disaster recovery, data protection.
●Enterprise desktop management .
● Interminable training in ICT.
●Vendor validation and SLA management.

INTERNSHIPS

Data Recovery analyst at KPMG Peat Marwick
September 2000 — December 2000
Data Analyst Corporate Recovery Dept.

High School Teacher at Njiiri High School
April 1996 — September 1996
●Teaching Geography and Religion.
●Assistant in IT Lab
●Data entry of Exam marks to DB system
●Analysis of Marks using Lotus 123
●Preparing of Exam Questions using Word Perfect

EDUCATION

Masters of Science in Computer Information Systems (MSIS), Strathmore University, Nairobi
August 2013 — December 2020
Awaiting graduation

Advanced Diploma in Information Technology, Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology
January 1997 — February 1998
Post Graduate Diploma in Information technology

Bachelor of Education, Catholic University of Eastern Africa, Nairobi, Kenya
August 1993 — August 1997
Major in Geography / Statistics,
Minor in religion

Kenya certificate Of Secondary Education, Chania High School, Thika, Kenya
January 1988 — November 1992

COURSES

Internet Protocol Version 6 - Roll Out in Kenya, Kenya Network Information Center
June 2008 — June 2008

Information Risk Management & Security Best Practice, AITEC
July 2006 — July 2006

Cisco CCNA, Computer Learning Center
October 2003 — March 2004

Fibre Optics course, Computer Learning Center
January 2002 — March 2002

3 Com Networking, 3 Com University
January 2001 — February 2001

REFERENCES

References available upon request

SOME OF THE PROJECTS I HAVE MANAGED AND SUPERVISED

Virtual Secure Online Examinations System with Proctoring Solution Integrated with AI-Powered Tools, Nairobi
May 2020 — May 2021
Implemented a web based virtual secure online system with proctoring solution integrated with AI-Powered Tool.
●Live-Video Monitoring.
●Online Assessments Tool.
●AI Proctoring.
●LockDown Browser

Strategic IT Consultancy for a mid-sized professional firm, Nairobi, Kenya
November 2018 — February 2019
●New Installation of a robotic process management system with Integrated case management, workflow, document and email management system.
●Full Cloud deployment.
●Compatible with Microsoft Office suite and Google suite.
●Gmail compatible.
●Mobile App.
Completed on time and within budget.

Acropolis Insurance Brokers Ltd, Nairobi, Kenya
March 2018 — August 2018
Enterprise wide document and email management system fully integrated with Google Suite: Collaboration & Productivity Apps for G-Suit.
Was delivered on Time and on schedule.

Structured Cabling for Voice and The Oval for Anjarwalla and Khanna, Nairobi, Kenya
January 2013 — June 2013
Full CAT 6 Voice and Data Structured cabling solution approximately 400 points across 2 floors.
Installation of Fire optic Back bone.
Relocation of Core infrastructure.

Installation of a Document Management System - Anjaralla & Khanna Advocates, Nairobi
March 2009 — March 2011
Installation and Customization of a matter based, Secure document management system in Nairobi and Mombasa offices.

Enterprise Communication Platform, Nairobi, Kenya
July 2010 — July 2011
●IPBX with inter-branch Voip with PSTN capability - 300 users in Nairobi 3 branches and Mombasa.
●Was delivered on Time and on schedule.
●Project Duration – Jul 2010 - July 2011

Installation and configuration of online legal practice management software, Nairobi, Kenya
March 2004 — November 2005
●ERP focused businesses system with workflow, automation and integrated front-and-back office capabilities.
●ERP Software with case and client management.
●Was delivered on Time and on schedule.

Structured Cabling for Voice and Data at Re-development of Crested Towers, Kampala Uganda
October 2001 — November 2003
●Full CAT 5e Voice and Data Installation with fibre backbone between 34 floors - 23 floors tower 1 and 11 floors tower 2
●Project Value USD 1,000,000.00

Voice data installation at the Golden Leaves Hotels & Resorts (Sheraton Kampala Hotel), Kampala, Uganda
December 2002 — September 2003
●Full CAT 6 Voice data installation – with Fibre Optic backbone.
●Installation of PABX and Extensions to Sheraton Apartments.
●Supply and installation of Cisco Switches.
●Project Value – USD 500,000.00

Mantrac (Uganda) Limited, Kampala, Uganda
December 2002 — June 2003
●Full CAT 6 Voice data installation – with Fiber Optic backbone.
●Supply installation and configuring of two core backbone switches.
●Upgrade and installation of New Alcatel 4200 PABX system.
●Project Value – USD 90,000.00

New office Block for DFID - Voice data installation, Kigali, Rwanda
July 2003 — November 2003
Full CAT 6 Voice data installation – with Fibre optic back bone.
VSAT backup
Fiber to Desktop
Supply and install Core Switches
Total Project Value –USD 179,000.00

Uganda Telecom Limited – Refurbishment of block wiring Project, Kampala Uganda
January 2003 — November 2003
●Refurbishments of old block wiring installations and installing state of the art Structured Cabling equipment in old buildings.
●Diamond Trust, Raja Chambers, Kisozi Complex, Kaluji Plaza, Workers house
● Project Value – USD 600,000.00

Caltex Oil Kenya Limited - Legal Plaza, Nairobi, Kenya
May 2001 — March 2002
●Full CAT 5e Voice and Data Structured cabling solution (400 Points)
●Installation, Fibre optic Back bone.
●Supply and Install Cisco Core switch and Cisco Workgroup Catalyst Switches.
●Total Project Value : USD 400,000.00

Sedgwick Kenya Insurance Ltd, Nairobi, Kenya
December 2001 — March 2002
●Full CAT 5e Voice and Data Structured cabling solution (160 Points).
●Supply, Installation, configuration of Compaq ML 330e Server (Unix), 3- com Baseline switches and 120 Compaq Workstations .
●Project Value – USD 74,000.00

Primecatch (Exports) Ltd – Musoma, Tanzania
June 2001 — August 2001
●CAT 5e Voice/Data Integrated network.
●HP Proliant Servers and Windows 2000 Server software.
●70 workstations including online weighing equipment.
●Tally ERP
●Total Project Cost : USD 98,000.00

Cooperative Bank House, (USAID Project), Nairobi, Kenya
December 2000 — June 2002
Main Contractor - Mugoya Construction Limited.
Electrical Engineer- Ngilu And Associates
●Installation of Full CAT5e Data and Voice Structured Cabling solution (1900 Points across 22 Floors
●CCTV.
●Project Value : USD 300,000.00

Other small scale consultancies

Location: Nairobi Kenya
Alpha Fine Foods – Enterprise Road, Industrial Area
Sarit Center Administration Offices - Westlands
Aqua House - Muranga Road.
MJP Construction Ltd Main Offices – Lower Kabete.
Kenya Association Of Fish Processors - Westlands.
Canadian High Commission - Nairobi Kenya.
Rift valley Academy – Kijabe.
Aga Khan Hospital ( Nurse Call System - Princess Zahra Pavilion) – Nairobi.
Location: Kampala Uganda
Uganda Revenue Authority – Kampala Uganda.
European Union New office Premises – Kampala Uganda.
Location: Tanzania
Marmo E Granito Mines - Mbeya Province, Tanzania.
Contact this candidate