BETH ANN OBERG
● Vancouver, WA ***** ● Phone 360-***-****● email: ad06lx@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced information technology professional skilled in leading strategic and tactical management of programs and projects with Infrastructure, application, and service desk teams. (Experience with Lean, ITIL, Six Sigma, PMP and Agile methodologies)
20+ years of experience building and advancing technical applications and infrastructure environments with Program/Project management
oLarge initiatives with multiple work streams and project resources
Executive level communications
Risk analysis and mitigation strategies
Scope management, third party management
Project resources of 10 -20 global teams
Service management for large and small IT organizations – SLA and Security compliance standards including continuous improvement planning and strategic initiatives mapping
Technical skills with Microsoft office suite, Atlassian (Jira, Confluence), SmartSheets, Service Now, Sales Force
Built vendor managed services contracts, defining requirements for applications, SaaS and Cloud services
Honored with company president’s award for delivery of IT and infrastructure enterprise project for data center conversion. Managed 100+ sites, 1500 servers with multi-vendor collaboration

EXPERIENCE
Biamp Systems (03/13/23-10/12/23) Sr. Project Manager
Manage strategic and tactical projects for IT across the business functions. – Executive communications, stakeholder reviews, gate documents cost assessments
ERP – Developed work stream delivery for use case development – AI/ML data sourcing, phase planning
Managed CMS and product inventory management system conversion and upgrades
ITSM – JIRA implementation - vendor assessment, SOW development, project plan and phase delivery
SharePoint architecture and upgrade project- vendor SOW, cost development, gating document

Onward Search @ Riot Games (11/7/22-2/9/23) Program Manager II
Live Operations Program manager for - ITIL/ITSM Management for Root Cause Analysis and problem management
Facilitate RCA reviews with cross functional product owners, client delivery managers and technical SMES to gather data, identify cause factors and risk analysis, global teams of 10-40- Agile methodology
Tracked metrics and visibility processes using JIRA, Service Now and SmartSheets
Built Process flows and requirements for Problem Management and trend analysis using Miro and JIRA tools
Built service evaluations for security and compliance- provided key initiative tracking for continuous improvement planning

OIA Global – IT Manager Business applications (9/21 -9/22) IT Manager Business Applications
Manager of Distribution, Enterprise Application services, and Supply Chain Management applications teams
Managed vendors and business resources for SLA, contract renewals and cost analysis.
Roadmap development with business stakeholders, defining resource and delivery teams -
Facilitated and managed stakeholder initiatives with cross functional SMES, Service leaders and technical teams
Built requirements, data analysis for risk and budget management – Agile methodologies, waterfall and PMP
Built continuous improvement strategy and implementation planning (Azure Dev/Ops) Agile Methodology
Built objectives and KPI’s for successful growth, for business applications (CRM, HRM)
Implemented change management- applications and infrastructure per ITIL
Manage RCA and Problem Management best practices, facilitating evaluation and corrective action practices
Build and guide teams and individuals for career and personal development goals (20 FTE’s)

TEKsystems contract (3/20 -8/21) Nike IT security Technical Recovery Management –Consultant
Multi region, platform, and business service analysis for success recovery of tier 1-2 services
Built relationships with all levels of product management and engineering teams to define plans for both test and critical recovery
Facilitated and define resource requirements, leadership approval and final gold copy plan delivery
Defect and problem management tracking and resolution – Confluence and Salesforce tools
Managed exercise events – coordinate all elements and resource’s cross function and business level
After action solution improvements, future, and strategy for business level services
KinderCare Education (11/19 -3/20) IT Manager, Technical Support
Managed tier II support for desktop solutions, SCCM, End Point Engineering, MDM and Asset Coordination. Service Now ticket systems
Created Identity access management strategy, metrics and forecasting model for all company devices and mobile device management
Defined 2nd level service response metrics. Root cause analysis, problem management and resolution.
Goal setting and performance role definition and plans (20 FTE’s)
Johnstone Supply (9/18–10/19) IT Manager, IT/Dev Ops and Infrastructure
Collaborated with leadership and IT Solutions Manager to evaluate, create, and lead the strategy for proposed Infrastructure and architecture.
Managed a team of DevOps, systems engineers, and tech/app support. (5-6 FTE’s)
Managed and secured vendor partnerships for mobile device management, Voice over IP and circuit upgrades.
Launched IT Service Desk – JIRA ticket creation and management process for Corporate and DC intake model.
Built Root cause analysis, problem management and resolution practices –
Created continuous improvement review and tracking of implementations for Distribution sites and client approvals
Managed the corporate Capex and Op-Ex budgets for all licensing and hardware related products.
XPO Logistics (3/07–9/18) Sr. Manager IT, Business Relationship Infrastructure (3/07–9/18)
Responsible for leading the efficient delivery of IT infrastructure services and relationship management of Supply Chain and Enterprise applications.
Program managed delivery of service catalog to include, business priorities and technology strategies for KPI metrics mapped to business targets for North America, Europe, and APAC regions. Service Now, JIRA, Smartsheet tools (Agile, Waterfall)
Managed and secured vendor partnerships for mobile device management, Voice over IP and circuit upgrades
Incident management, problem management and root cause analysis and resolution tracking.
Project managed the consolidation of supply chain acquisitions and intercompany integration plans for datacenter transitions, provision planning and process management. Agile Methodology, Lean principles and PMP
Defined and managed Supply Chain intake model for infrastructure services for project delivery.
Contract negotiations with service providers, SLA’s, policy changes that effected operations and supply chain partners.
Manager IT, Technical Services Group (6/12–9/15)
Managed two teams of global services support. Increased service levels for 16 applications and 120 Sites. Growing support model 20% year over year.
Created standard Service level objects with each application that TSG supported, building graduated growth options for service levels, KPI and metrics designed per application for achieved levels of support.
Launched a 24/7 support model with the existing resources, delivering success without budget increase.
Leveraged existing support resources for on-site start up projects. Reduced support incidents during warranty period by 40%, built a proven repeatable model for warranty to IT service maintenance.
Built a peak support business model to flex and contract with business needs. Increased customer support for this business by 35% percent.
Implemented JIRA Service Desk and problem management (ITIL)
Problem management and root cause analysis resulting in configuration, enhancement and change process implementation. Utilized Lean, Agile and PMP methodologies
Account Management/ Sr. Business Analyst (3/07–6/12)
Program managed the IT solution delivery for six major accounts. (HP, Amazon, Nike, Diebold, NetApp, Burton Snowboards)
Managed project teams from startup to maintenance with resources in applications, infrastructure, and warehouse.
Defined project intake, deliverable tracking, and budget to actual process management.
Liaison between the account and software development to deliver system enhancements and new business systems launches from startup to standard maintenance.
Communicated and tracked RCA to resolution of issues for supply chain and international operations.
The Neil Jones Food Company (10/05–7/06) Senior Supply Chain Analyst
Managed staff of inventory analysts and transportation coordinators. Created and executed a forecast demand and planning structure for national sales force. Developed cross-organizational relationships between plant, operations planning, and national sales force.
Implemented Inventory reconciliation and cycle count adjustment for 25 forward warehouses and three manufacturing plants. Designed reports and real-time sales data for on hand inventory and stocking levels at warehouses for 3100 SKUs.
Hewlett-Packard Company (4/96–9/05) Project Manager/Analyst, Americas Consumer Organization
Program lead on two cross divisional projects (UCC128 and Remarketing/Refurb project), corporate projects for North American consumer goods that linked sales, marketing, finance, and operations organizations for all product lines (each project was 2 years, including rollout). Results: increased growth of sales transactions by 157%.
Defined functional requirements for SAP and collaborated on vendor partner spec creation for final enhancement.
Lead communication business case, project initiatives, training, and processes improvement.
Business Analyst, Americas GO-IT Organization
Managed account relationship with up to 27 different accounts, and four business channels.
Delivered supply forecast and plans for multiple product lines. Increased customer accounts from 7 to 23. Served
Account and site management for 44 locations nationwide for specific accounts (OfficeMax, Office Depot, CompUSA, Target, Kmart, Sears).
Trained and mentored new team personnel, both site and virtual employees, in account order fulfillment processes.

Additional employment history – includes Walt Disney, New World Ent. Samuel L Goldwyn Ent.
EDUCATION BACHELOR OF ARTS, COMMUNICATIONS, EASTERN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT SCRUM/PRODUCT MANAGER CERTIFICATION (CURRENTLY PURSUING). ITIL V.4, LEAN, SIX SIGMA (TRAINED)
Contact this candidate