OBJECTIVE

Self-initiating, disciplined, and determined individual with over 10 years of experience supporting U.S. military operations in Afghanistan. Interested in continuing to work in the United State. Fluent in Persian/Dari, Pashtu, and Urdu. Solid English. Afghan Special Immigrant Visa (SIV), fully authorized to work in the U.S.

EXPERIENCE

President/ Program Manager 2022- to present
Rangin Result Consultancy (RRC), Kabul, Afghanistan

Determining, developing and delivering innovation strategies and tools to target new and current clients.
Developing solutions for complex client situations to ensure meeting of goals and objectives and deliver results on time.
Expanding and identifying current and new business projects by strengthening client relationships.

Program Coordination Officer 2018- 2021
Central Program Office, Kabul, Afghanistan
Climate Change and Alternative Development Projects (UNDP/CCAP)
Arranged and coordinated visa issuance as well as official travel arrangements for employees and international consultants as required including booking flights, hotels, and transportation.
Monitored service provide contracts, reviewed invoices, and prepared payment approval forms.
Provided and disseminated safety and security information through briefs, updates, and alerts.

Secretary, Office of the Deputy Minister 2014-2017 Administration of Finance, Kabul, Afghanistan
Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development

Proofread and edited documents to ensure proper spelling and grammar as well as compliance with applicable governmental framework and policies.
Lead record and file maintenance, maintained purchase supplies, and coordinated all conferences.
Summarized meetings through written and oral correspondence.

IT Support Officer 2011-2013
Afghan Ministry of Defense, Kabul, Afghanistan

Configured, installed, and maintained the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP), mailing system, Cisco router, switches, firewall and VPN connection, wireless router, and clients’ server.
Diagnosed hardware/software issues, performed data backup and disaster recovery, and trained the Afghan National Army (ANA) in system administration.
Maintained logs related to network functions and inventory of emergency repairs, as well as designed, configured, and tested computer hardware and software on the client machines.

EDUCATION

Fanoos University Kabul, Afghanistan 2017
Bachelor of Arts, Law and Political Science
Contact this candidate