TATIANA ILYASKINA
IT Project Manager
Profile
Passionate and experienced IT project manager who enjoys leading teams to achieve common goals. As an IT project manager, my role is crucial in ensuring that projects are completed on time, within budget, and with the desired level of quality.
I am a team player. can work effectively with both startups and big corporations. Being able to adapt to different environments and collaborate with others is a valuable skill in any workplace. Also I am inspired by the Metaverse, Cryptocurrency and NFT. Love data analysis and data structuring on these themes.
Employment History
IT Project Manager at Aegis - Investment, Hong Kong, remotely November 2021 — October 2023
• Led the development of Aegis-Investment's content prediction engine, which grew to $ 1.5M in annual revenue.
• Analyzed project scope with competitive analysis and customer interviews and feature requests.
• Set and met 93% of goals deadlines, allocated budget, and worked across software, marketing, and executive teams to ensure executive teams were properly resourced.
Project Manager and Startup advisor at Crypster LLC, New York City, remotely
September 2021 — March 2023
• Business data to analyzed trends and used the data to recommend process improvements and best practices.
• Providing support on the business planning process, licensing and legal formations, and marketing.
• Managed and participated in a capital raise for a private financial software company. Support in creating a Pitch Deck and building relationships with potential investors.
Crypto Assets Trader at Omnigo LP, Abu Dhabi, remotely February 2020 — October 2022
• Crypto projects search for furthermore participation (launchpads such as DaoMaker, DuckStarter, CoinMarketCup, Igo.Gamestarter, Polkastarter, etc.).
• Creating highly engaging original content through well-designed reports.
• Interacted with 75+ high-value clients, and fostered relationships through a deep knowledge of the Omnigo LP product and client needs.
Details
Wilmington
United States
+1-302-***-****
ad08ki@r.postjobfree.com
Links
Linkedin
Skills
Leadership and Teamwork
Communication Skills
Project Management
Effective Time Management
Sprint Planning
Cryptocurrency trading
NFTs
Tokenomics
RugPull check
Smart-contract research
Data Analysis
Data Structures
Project management
software (Jira, Trello)
Agile Scrum
Problem-solving
• Communicated progress and roadblocks to stakeholders and made recommendations to remove roadblocks leading to on-time and on-budget delivery of a product.
Administartive Manager at Republica.Pro, Punta Cana, on-site July 2018 — February 2020
• Contract management, document management, replacement of constitutional documents, negotiations with lawyers
• Operation manager, tour reservation, negotiation with the providers and suppliers, collaboration with tour guides and sales-consultancy
• Hotel negotiation and health insurance negotiation Deputive Director at Deputive Director at General Educational School 1279, Moscow, on-site
June 2012 — June 2018
• Management and coordination of the activities of employees on the organization
• Organization and control of the teachers’ work, school projects and quality control
• English teacher
• Drawing up educational programs, methodological programs, writing curriculum and schedules
• Interaction with parents and children on various issues Education
Certificate of Leadership and Management for PM Practitioners in IT, University of Washington, Washington
February 2023 — March 2023
Continue to learn soft and hard skills to successfully manage diverse or distributed teams and projects.
Diploma in PM, Courses by Alison, Moscow, on-line
January 2023 — February 2023
Learning PM methodologies, project tools, project management documentation.
Certificate - Introduction to PM, SkillUp, USA
June 2022 — July 2022
Graduated with high honors.
Master degree in Management Information systems, Rochester Institute of Technology, New York, on-line
February 2020 — April 2020
Graduated with high honors.
Diploma, Russian State Social University, Moscow
September 2007 — July 2012
Linguistics, Theory and Methodology of teaching English Extra-curricular activities
Hobbies
Sport (gym, riding a
bike, tennis, skating, surfing,
swimming, snowboarding,
volleyball), extreme sport,
travelling, playing the guitar,
playing the piano, drawing,
listening to podcasts, learning
new things, learning German
language
Languages
Russian
English
Spanish, Castilian
German
Kid's leader at Volunteering, Republic of Karelia
August 2012 — November 2014
• Hiking. Children from Denmark. River rafting, climbing
• Hiking with disabled children with the Husky dogs
• Hiking. River rafting and walking tour (10-20 km per day) Dog's shelter at Volunteering, Punta Cana
February 2023
We are real people and we are trying to create a shelter. There is no any shelter in here, but every day we can see homeless dogs. They need food, medicine and care. Luckily, we organized a group of volunteers. Our goal is to open a shelter.
Contact this candidate