SYED NASIR ALI SHAH
Address: House # CB-**, Moh Sheikh Dheri, Iqbal road,
Supply Sikandarabad Abbottabad Pakistan
Cell: +923**-*******, 032*-*******
E-mail: ad087t@r.postjobfree.com
ad087t@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective

To work with a challenging, versatile, creative, and progressive team and to become a key player in the growth of organization, while pursuing a fulfilling career. Welcome new responsibilities, working for long hours, with patience and loyalty.

Qualification

MBA Business Management Yong In University South Korea 2020

MBA (Finance) Sarhad University of Information Technology (SUIT) Peshawar

B.COM Hazara University Mansehra

D.COM (I.T) Board of Technical Education (BTE) Peshawar

Matric Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education Abbottabad

Experience Profile

01th Jan 2011 To 31th Jan 2018 Al Rehman Grinding Mills (Abbottabad)
As a Accountant:

Prepare daily Cash book and Ledger Book
Payment of staff salaries and other employees
Daily Record keeping of Production and Sales Reports
Monthly payment of Vehicle bills
Calculating and checking to make sure payments, Amounts and records are correct.
Monthly payment of Sale Tax Returns and online filling.
Sorting out incoming and outgoing daily post and answering any queries.
Updates receivables by totaling unpaid invoices.

6TH July To 16th Aug 2009 Provincial Earthquake Reconstruction &
Rehabilitation Authority (PERRA)

Apprenticeship: Duration: 6 weeks

During my work experience I learned about:

To organize all official correspondence documents and file accordingly.
To put up notes for perusal of concerned officials.
To assists administration in daily affairs.
Devising drafts, letters for approval of officers concern.
Organize M & E data in

tabulation form for analysis in excel.

01st Jan 2009 To 30th June 2009 Basic Education and Employable Skill Training
(BEST), Abbottabad.
Assistant Accountant Duration: 06 Months

Prepare all type of Accounts record related to BEST.
Maintaining of Cash book and Ledger book
Maintain record of Fuel stations, Hotels, Vehicles.
Salaries & Wages to Local Employees & Monthly Closing.
Prepare all reports and documents relevant to project
Prepare daily Petty Cash Expenses etc.

January 2006 to December 2008

Social Mobilization Unit (Girls Primary Education Project).The Girls Primary Education Project has been implemented as a joint collaboration of UNICEF Peshawar and District Education Department Abbottabad.

Senior Social Organizer: Duration: 03 Years

Prepare all reports and documents relevant to the project for monitoring and analysis of projects implementation.
Prepare and submit work plans and progress reports to EDO (S&L) Project Support Unit Peshawar and UNICEF Abbottabad office on regular basis.
Carry out field visits to monitor Project activities.
To monitor all project activities in light of the work plans, budgets, objectives and indicators.
Carry out monitoring visits of all project areas.
Mobilization workshops, PTA training, Teacher training, extra curricular Events in schools and awareness seminars about the importance of Girls Primary Education.
Education and establishing Voluntary Network Forums (VNF) for effective management and monitoring of project in respective communities.
Drafting agreements with community members regarding Girls Primary.
To fulfill ant other task as assigned by UNICEEF, PSU and EDO School & Literacy.
To develop combined quarterly and annual district education Work Plans.
Preparing monthly plans/MPR of education team and submitting it to Project Manager
To conduct the interviews of Teachers for Feeder Schools identify contact persons in village and carry out dialogues as well as arrange dialogues for the Project Manager
Data collection of Out of School Children in District Abbottabad and conducted seminar in each circle.
To help the community in opening of closed schools and Feeder Schools in needy areas.

Computer Proficiency

Well versed with the latest versions of the following:

Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Power Point
Limited hands on experience of accounting software.

Personal detail

Date of Birth: May 1984
Father Name: Syed Farid Shah
CNIC: 13101-7307179-5
Marital Status: Married
Passport No: EA5141794

Workshops

Two days training workshop regarding Training of Trainers (TOT) and Parents Teacher
Council (PTC) organized by SSD and Sponsored by UNICEF Abbottabad.

One day training workshop regarding Parents Teacher Council (PTC) Organized by Directorate of School and Literacy Peshawar.

COURCES

1.IELTS 5.5 Band
2.One year Diploma in Information Technology (DIT)

References

Reference will be provided if required.
Contact this candidate