JORDAN M. DORNBIERER
SKILLED IT ADMINISTRATOR AND TEAM LEADER
Location: Franklin Park, NJ Email: ad09p5@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 732-***-****

PROFILE SUMMARY
Adept and driven information technology (IT) professional with more than 15 years of experience as a system administrator—configuring, maintaining and improving enterprise level and cloud technologies for a diverse set of organizations. Extensive background in the full spectrum of systems administration—collaborating with cross-functional teams to establish secure technology, resolve issues, upgrade existing systems and provide training on technologies. Seeking an opportunity to grow in scope and responsibility of my role, combining strategic IT skills with leadership abilities to manage a high-performing and collaborative team.
Core Competencies Include:

System Administration IT Infrastructure System Security Cloud Migration and Transformation Leadership
Strategic Planning Cross-Functional Collaboration Vendor Management Training and Development
Business Operations Project Management Policy Development Troubleshooting Communication

EXPERIENCE
Infrastructure Manager\Windows Server Administrator 05/2015 – 06/2023
New Jersey Hospital Association – Princeton, NJ

●Managed enterprise-level system administration and cloud services for the healthcare organization. Ensured optimal performance, proactively identified and resolved potential issues for 140 internal employees and served hundreds of external application users across multiple hospital systems.
●Orchestrated technology upgrades and process refinements that improved the organization’s performance and functionality including leading the infrastructure migration, leading the planning and implementation to move 90% of network servers and applications to cloud-based services.
●Formulated technology strategies and strategic directives utilizing platforms such as Azure, AWS and VMWare. Elevated workflows by a notable 40%, achieved through the establishment of architecture, provisioning of resources for team members and assessment of vendor tools.
●Led vendor engagement by prioritizing workflows, conducting cost-benefit analyses, overseeing Statements of Work (SOWs) across the organizations and ensuring fiscal oversight.
●Controlled the setup and customization of software, hardware and cloud technology systems, orchestrated architecture development, oversaw deployment and implemented structured ongoing upgrades and updates as a system administrator. Fulfilled the role of administrator for Microsoft Azure.
●Served as project manager on technology transformations, supervised cross-functional teams and managing timelines on projects including an innovative Microsoft based statewide system that provided hospitals and emergency staff with access to end-of-life directives for thousands of patients.
●Performed complex troubleshooting techniques for products and services by assessing critical information, communicating with key stakeholders and delivering innovative solutions.
●Directed the technology team and vendor performance—prioritizing workflows, mentoring and training new hires and junior staff on company procedures and industry best practices.
●Served as an IT subject -matter expert for senior leadership, cross-functional teams and the C-suite—providing guidance and recommendations on company-wide system deployments, strategic initiatives and enhancements.
●Established and implemented company technology policies and procedures—leveraging deep working knowledge of technology best practices, industry standards and market trends.
●Developed and facilitated technology training for staff and external stakeholders—utilizing strong communication skills to deliver critical technology processes to a non-technical audience.
Systems Administrator 09/2012 – 08/2014
Taylored Services – Edison, NJ

●Managed the monitoring and maintenance of technical systems for a nationwide logistics and warehouse services company. Oversaw critical infrastructure, including Windows, Linux, Data Center, LAN/WAN/VPN, VMware, FTP servers, AD/DNS, Exchange, SharePoint, IIS, SQL, Power Shell, wireless access points and firewalls.
●Lead the daily performance of the IT infrastructure team, providing guidance and training to junior staff members on company procedures and industry best practices.
●Transformed WLAN infrastructure for multiple facilities—serving as the project manager to oversee the infrastructure design, fiber installation, access point deployment and switch/routing configurations.
IT Consultant and Network Analyst 08/2008 – 10/2010
PrintMail Systems – Newtown, PA

Administered technology operations and system performance for the outsourcing services company—leading modernization efforts and technology integrations across wireless networks, data centers and systems monitoring.
Conducted comprehensive research, design, implementation and deployment of a virtualized environment, featuring proprietary SAN, servers, networking and system migrations, resulting in improved efficiency and resource utilization.
Modernized the system’s network infrastructure and PC environment including building a new file server to optimize the company’s file print sharing and domain control performance.

EDUCATION
Network Systems Administration
DeVry University – North Brunswick, NJ

CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA A+ Certified CompTIA Network+ Certified CompTIA Security+ Certified

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems – Windows Mac OS X Linux VMWare
Cloud Technologies – Azure AWS
Network Administration – Motorola Symbol Ubiquiti Cisco Meraki Sonicwall Fortinet Cisco Adtran Netgear Dell Switches Routers Firewall/VPN
Software – Microsoft CRM Microsoft Office Suite Solarwinds SAM Zabbix Lepide Globalscape EFT
Data Management – Unitrends Backup Exec Quest Rapid Recovery EMC Avamar EAS Archiving
Security – Duo Sophos Symantec EPS Barracuda Zix Forcepoint
Storage Solutions – Dell EqualLogic Dell Compellent
Contact this candidate