Scott Doyle
ad0d9j@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 317-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/scott-doyle-mba
Lebanon, IN

Summary
Combines a Master’s Degree in Business Administration, Technology Management, and over 15 years of real-world experience as an IT professional and leader. Proven ability to lead IT strategy, transform technology, identify and grow talented individuals, and communicate effectively with executives and all subsequent levels of staff. Translates business needs from c-level executives and employs appropriate technical solutions. Research and select new technologies and business practices. Cares about individuals and their successes. Leads with a strong sense of empathy, transparency, accountability, and ethics. Excellent problem-solver, researcher, and active voice for growth, inclusivity, and diversity.

Work Experience

Heartland Food Product Group August 2022 – Present
System Administrator / IT Manager Carmel, Indiana
Act as the IT manager, system, network, cloud, storage, and security administrator for the organization.
Secure IT environment, conduct quarterly vendor cybersecurity and IT security risk audits, penetration testing, perform enterprise class system remediations, identify and implement security enhancement opportunities.
Currently designing and introducing NIST and ITIL frameworks to organization for first time.
Manage and mentor a team of IT staff, including recruiting, reviews, and corrective actions.
Build strong vendor and internal relationships for different business applications, create IT SOP, document processes, metrics tracking, KPIs.
Set priorities for the design, maintenance, research, development, and evaluation of the IT infrastructure.
Newfields (Indianapolis Museum of Art) January 2017 – August 2022
Director of Information Technology Indianapolis, Indiana
Directed IT operations for the 152-acre art museum and nature park campus, including senior leadership strategy, guidance and goal alignment, project planning, disaster recovery, and business continuity planning and analysis.
Managed the IT department budget, development, technology purchases, requisitions, invoices, vendor accounts.
Managed and recruited a team of IT staff to support organizational goals and mission statement.
Transformed the IT infrastructure as part of a 1.3-million-dollar project including VMWare migration, cloud and on-site backup systems, disaster recovery plan, ISP upgrades, network core and switches, WAPs, AWS tenants, servers, databases.
Implemented NIST cyber security framework, incorporating CIS top 18 security controls, conduct security risk audits, and select monitoring and intrusion protection technology.

City of Fishers December 2015 – December 2016
Senior Systems & Database Administrator Fishers, Indiana
Managed Windows environment of 180+ virtual servers in VMware farm.
Acted as Veeam Backup, Certificate Authority, SharePoint, M35, AWS administrator.
Worked with business analysts to implement Infor EAM and WIN-911 SCADA, writing the EAM corporate documentation for the new version during the process.

eImagine Technology Group (ETG) April 2014 – July 2015
Senior Systems Engineer Indianapolis, Indiana
Fully supported multi-domain Windows environment of 35+ end users and 45 + servers, using a variety of software and Dell, HP, and Cisco hardware.
Trained and helped develop junior system engineers.
Managed two Active Directory domains for internal and external business clients.
Acted as a technology resource during client meetings for new business development & RFPs.
Worked directly with clients to perform deployments and upgrades of systems, including requirements gathering, project management, documentation & training materials.
Secured paid projects with organizations including a major fast-food chain, a large mortgage company, and an Indiana State agency, based upon my interview and presentation skills.

Indiana State Museum and Historic Sites July 2012 – September 2014
Director of Information Technology Indianapolis, Indiana
Developed and created the IT strategic plan, aligning with the organization’s mission statement and goals.
Managed IT operations for the museum and 12 Historic Sites across the State of Indiana.
Interviewed, hired, trained, and managed IT staff to support the ISMHS.
Designed new disaster recovery plan, PCI compliance audits, security audits, comprehensive IT infrastructure health monitoring, researched and implemented emerging technologies.
Researched, strategically planned, implemented infrastructure enhancements that improved system reliability and performance by approximately 35%.
Managed the IT preparation and successful setup for the ISMHS’ biggest summer blockbuster in the last decade in 2013 – Star Wars: Where Science Meets Imagination ®.
Implemented and updated a successful DR plan, PCI compliance audits, contracted yearly 3rd security audits, and a comprehensive infrastructure discovery and health audit.
Saved approximately $15,000 in costs by auditing IOT line-item charges, locating and disconnecting unused active phone lines, and adjusting ISP data plans based on office needs.
Acted as agency’s security and mobility administrator, worked directly with HR and IOT to handle employee on-boarding and off-boarding, and asset provisioning.
Apex Systems at Eli Lilly September 2011 – August 2012
Systems Administrator Indianapolis, IN
Managed server infrastructure of 200+ Windows servers within an ITIL framework.
Provided global systems support to 35,000 across the US, Canada, Europe, and Japan.
Trained new system administrators and created new KB documents added to SOP database that improved customer support initiatives and troubleshooting.
Education

MBA in Information Technology Management
WGU - Western Governors University December 2022 (Graduated)

Bachelor of Arts in English Studies & Communication August 2015 (Graduated)
Marian University

Skills

Transferable
Budget Management
Strategic thinking and planning
Enterprise Architecture
Technology Roadmaps
Team Building
Business Analysis
Documentation
Vendor Oversight
Inclusivity & Diversity Formal Training
Researcher
Executive Buy-in

MBA, Technology Mgmt.
Technology Management
HR Management
Project Management
Business Management
Financial Management
Leadership
Interpersonal
Communication
Time Management
Critical Thinking
Problem Solving

Technical
IT Security
NIST & CIS Standards
Disaster Recovery
Infrastructure Management
Virtualization
Program Management
ITIL Framework
Agile Framework
Waterfall Framework
IaaS & SaaS
AWS & Azure
Microsoft 365
SharePoint Online
Domain Controllers
SQL, Oracle, & Postgres
Windows Server 2000 – 2022
Linux RHEL, Debian, CentOS (var), Ubuntu
Veeam Backup
VMWare
Citrix
Hyper-V
Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011, 2013, 2015
CRM Dynamics 2011, 2013, 2015
Exchange 2010 & 2013
Mimecast
Barracuda Email Archiver
SharePoint 2010 & 2013
Windows 7, 8, 10, 11
Security
Cybersecurity
Crowdstrike
Mimecast
MS Teams

Networking/Protocols
DNS
TCP/IP, LAN/WAN/VLAN
VPNs
Firewalls
Cisco Switches & Core

Interests
Learn to play different musical instruments.
Learn different languages.
Reading and analyzing classical literature.
Learning about new technologies, leadership and business practices, and how successful organizations operate.

Academic Awards
WGU Capstone Excellence Award
WGU Excellence Award – Application of Ethical Leadership

Memberships
National Society of Leadership and Success

Certifications
SBOK – In progress
PMP – In progress
CISM – In progress

Scott David Doyle
317-***-****
ad0d9j@r.postjobfree.com
Public Profile
www.linkedin.com/in/scott-doyle-mba
Contact this candidate