A competent professional of *+ years of experience in cross
functional experience field of android project management. Leading a cross functional team for the definition, Software requirements, product research, mapping & project management for New product development. Management undertanding of performance testing, Negative testing, Ad-hoc testing, bug tracking and logging, ADB, automation or manual testing and Android Google certification GCT (CTS, GTS, VTS, etc.) like Smartphone, Tablet, Smart STB (set top box) etc.
Ravinder
I.T Analyst - Role : Project manager
About Me
Skills Summary
New Product Development (NPD)
Scrum delivery, SLA deviation management
Project Lifecycle management
Project planning and coordination
Quality Assurance
Risk management
Agile project management
Google compliance devices managements,
GMS (CTS, GTS)
Order creation, contract creation, quality
gate follow up for contracting data : Project
plan, architecture assessment, relevance
check
Obligation management, risk managment,
revenue followup, PO request followup
Project order tracking, project resource and
Price calculation management.
PD and FTE calcution and alignment.
Change request for contract and sub-
contracting parties.
DevOps, Tulip, J- Meter Android Platform
tools, Monkey runner, DDMS, SDK, ADB,
GMS tools
bug Tracking: Jira, Mantis and buganizer.
Framework: Cider automation (python
based)
OS: Linux, Windows, ChromeOS
Data management: Salesforce deal
management, Google Sheets, bayView,
DMT
My Contact
ad0rdx@r.postjobfree.com
Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh
+918*********
Cognizant Technology solutions ( Client Google - Onsite) Associate – Projects
(July 2020 to Aug 22)
Works closely with engineering teams, marketing teams, UI Coordination and managing operator’s requirements for future ready products. Analyzing software requirements and listing entire software testing process for improvements
Documentation, implementation, monitoring
Key responsibilities:
team, vendors, partners and other stake holders
Passport : P1934167
Visa history: Taiwan 1 Month
Professional Experience
Tata Consultancy LTD (TCS) 7th Nov 2022 to till now I.T Analyst – Role : Project Manager
Project tracking on DevOps, Scrum tracking and follow up as per project plan.
Android team managment over DevOps queries.
Troubleshooting with ADB for log capturing and
verfication for SOC client
Weekly status report preparation, associates on
boarding follow up with clients boading
Project performance testing management and server
load testing using J-Meter load testing tool.
Project quality control, Bug Tracking manangment
GxP documentation for various projects
Android GMS compliance mangement
Middle ware team coordination AWS for different sites GCT: Google compliance management for client
google package validation management for client
google.
Managing product status with Google compliance
team, Like CTS, GTS, GSI, VTS etc.
Device delivery report with respect to benchmarked devices Key responsibilities:
Tools
Personal Achievements
Attended hands on 1 month business
trip for smartphone design training
program held in country Taiwan
MediaTek (SOC maker) in 2018
Extra Activities
Educations
Jaina marketing & Associates or Jaina India Pvt Ltd (GIONEE & KARBONN MOBILES) Product Engineer - - Sep 2017 – April 2019 Project end to end handled Karbonn Vue 1 (Android – Go Edition) for low end specification users to get the best performance
Project contract alignment and creation, Project plan, milestones creation and follow up.
Milestone delivery and planning, Contract dcuments quality gates handling
OTT applications testing on various flatform until project closer.
Delivered tested application on smartphone with
benchmarking and performance results. Preparing
competition analysis and go to
Key responsibilities:
2011 - 2015
Bachelor of Engineering - 1st
Division
Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical
University
Secondary School - 1st Division
CBSE - kendriya vidyalaya Airforce
Sr. Secondary School - 1st Division
CBSE - kendriya vidyalaya Airforce
2009
Electronics and Communication
Graduation:
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge
(Ravinder)
Bharti Airtel Ltd. Sr. Executive - - April 2019 – May 2020 Project handle Airtel Xstream Android based smart set top box, l Report maintenance with respect coordination with development Risk management to provide technical support for FFR (Field failure Design, developed “Airtel Internet TV” first of its kind Android based Delivered three Android TV based DTH Hybrid products. End to End project delivery on Airtel project Airtel Xstream android 9 based set top box
Delivered airtel-pocket TV application for android, iOS and Window that brings airtel digital TV to smartphones and tablets. Follow up with Airtel Wynk content team, follow up with OTT content providers like Prime Video, Netflix, zee5 app etc. Customized Airtel App Store: New App Placement, OTA Functions. Tracking issues, bug fixing, maintaining quality and standards in the project.
Coordination with partners and vendors to achieve the goal of Key responsibilities:
team to make portfolio of project
issues)
hybrid STB with Google Android TV
Certification for NGO, Knowledge For All (NFA)
Membership of social services to spread
knowledge to slum area peoples.
Certificates of participation in indoor games
and got 1st position, Recycled Craft
competition, Ad Act Competition on behalf of
Karbon mobiles
Kendriya Vidyalaya sangathan sports co-
curricular activities Football got 3rd Position
Kendriya Vidyalaya sangathan sports meet
at Tyagraj stadium Delhi for Dumbbell PT
show
Participated on dancecompletion and got 1st
positionat graduation level
PCM with computer science 2011
2018 - 2020
MBA ( Distant education )- 1st
Division
Swami Vivekanand Subharti
University
Operations
Managing user feedback and after analyzing planning for future product and upgrades
Assign the task to testing team members to ensure the work sufficiency in project
Issues management related to project requirement to Works closely with engineering teams, marketing teams, UI Coordination and managing operator’s requirements for future ready products. Analyzing software requirements and listing entire software testing process for improvements
Documentation, implementation, monitoring and
Managing user feedback and after analyzing planning for future product and upgrades
Assign the task to testing team members to ensure the work sufficiency in project
Issues management related to project requirement to team, vendors, partners and other stake holders
Projects handled
Delivered: YouTube, chrome, Gmail, web
IPTV, Device and OTT apps manual testing on
Global partners device randomly
Delivered Airtel Xstream STB - End to End
involvement
Karbonn Vue 1 - Android Go experience
device for low end specification
and apps APIs, performance and OTT apps
Gionee S10 Lite with Amigo OS (7.1 Android)
Contact this candidate