Raymond Ortiz, Jr.
Bronxville, New York ***** 914-***-**** ad0w51@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/raymond-ortiz-jr-senior-manager-cgeit-cisa-cspc/

MANAGER INTERNAL AUDITOR
Experienced Manager with a proven record of leadership and success in building and implementing efficient functions and cutting-edge technologies across diverse areas, including International Banking Operations, Compliance, Information Technology, Security Management, Telecommunications, and Market Data Services. Utilize a proactive approach to excel in relationship management, fostering strong group dynamics, and employing effective problem-solving strategies. Committed to driving operational excellence, fostering innovation, and delivering exceptional outcomes in a dynamic and ever-evolving business landscape.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Information Technology IT Security Audits Regulatory Compliance Vendor Relationship Management Banking Operations Market Data Services Problem Solving Strategy Cost Controls Team Leadership Operating systems Project Management Systems Chrome River COBIT, COSO, SOX Knowledge

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

WEIL, GOTHSAL & MANGES, New York, New York
Senior Manager – Internal Audit (2020 – Present)
Performed internal audit of all IS and Departmental processes, Continued Self-Assessments for Regional Offices, Artwork Database, Vendor Usage, Review International Offices, Procurement, Controlled Car Usage Costs, approved new Vendor On-Boarding, performed AD-HOC Audits/Projects for Management, assessed computer networks and infrastructure to identify, vulnerabilities inefficiencies, and evaluated whether the organization was complaint with regulatory regulations. Conducted assessments, managed projects, and developed risk mitigation solutions.

Develop audit approaches to support compliance and internal control evaluations. Help develop programs for internal employees to proactively assess and review internal controls in their respective areas. Perform quarterly and annual reviews and testing Perform pre-implementation control reviews of new systems as needed. Work with IT Security on computer and system access controls and processes. Audit selected expense reports to ensure compliance with established company policies. Assist in the refinement of existing policies to address compliance gaps and develop new policies where necessary to address emerging compliance and spending opportunities. Work with employees to remediate identified exceptions. Prepared periodic management reports to summarize identified exceptions.

Travel and Entertainment Expense Manager (2009 – 2020)
Reported to the Controller and managed the T&E transactions for over 3500 Users (Partners, Associates, and Administrative Staff) in the US and European Offices via the Chrome River application.
Maintained the Corporate Card program, the VAT reclaim process, and reviews/updates to the Firm’s T&E Policies.
Placed controls over travel expenses that save the Firm 40 percent of travel costs annually. Turned a two-week reimbursement process into 2-to-4-day process via ACH reimbursement.
Generate and analyze exception and spending trend reports from the Company PCard and T&E systems.

Raymond Ortiz, Jr. ad0w51@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

Accounting Operations Manager (2006 – 2009)
Managed departments for Banking, Accounts Payable and T&E departments.
Managed Accounts Payable and T&E functions ensuring that best practices are leveraged throughout.
Responsible for administration of Chrome River Invoice and Expense system, including implementation of new functionality to enhance the user experience and increase efficiencies and functionality.
Oversee vendor on-boarding process, which includes contacting prospective vendors, collecting on-boarding information, assessing risk, and ensuring that the Accounts Payable team has the proper information to input into the vendor master.
Manage electronic payment programs including the American Express.
Perform ad-hoc analyses and participate in special projects as needed by management.
Cutting processing costs and paying invoices under net 30 and gaining vendor discounts.

IT Audit Manager (2005 – 2006)
Set objectives for the Information Technology audit program in the New York Office. Oversaw 20 Branches both in the US and Europe. Involved in Information Security and independent Audits (COBIT/COSO/SOX driven) for all areas of Information Technology with dual reporting to the Director of Audit and Compliance and the Managing Partner. Corrected several user access issues that would have compromised overall security.

BANCA INTESA, New York, New York
Information Security Officer/Compliance (2003 – 2005)
Set objectives for the Information Security Program of the entire New York Branch. Worked Strategically with the Information Technology Group, Compliance Group, and information owners in business units to determine appropriate security objectives for securable resources. Monitored and evaluated vulnerability reports, vendor hot-fixes, and vendor patches for applicability to deployed technologies.

INTESABCI, New York, New York
Information Technology Officer (2001 – 2003)
Managed the daily operations of the Data Center, Telecommunications, IT Projects, and Market Data Services.
Served as Project Manager for all projects related to the Data Center, Telecommunications, and Market Data Services (Reuters, Bloomberg, EBS, and Reuters Kondor +).

BANCA INTESA, New York, New York
Information Technology Manager (2000 – 2001)
Coordinated the installation and implementation of systems, established, planned, and administered the overall policies and goals for the IT Group. Analyzed the needs of the Bank’s Operational Departments and established priorities for feasibility studies, system designs, and implementation. Researched, analyzed, and evaluated projects and goals for the New York Branch with direct contact to the Chief of Global ICT and with direct involvement Senior Management and Departmental Managers, DR/BCP, and systems implementation.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Organizational Management
Nyack College, Nyack, New York

CERTIFICATIONS
CGEIT: Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT
CISA: Certified Information Systems Auditor

LANGUAGES
Spanish: Native Speaker, Italian: Intermediate Speaker.
Contact this candidate