AHMED TALAAT A. KHALEK
Mobile: +1-919-***-**** EMAIL: ad10we@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/ahmed-talaat-abdel-khalek
North Carolina, United States

Summary

A senior IT Services Program manager with a proven track record of success in managing over two hundred IT services projects across the past 17 years. As a Certified professional scrum master and Project Management Professional, I am well-versed in agile methodologies and have a deep understanding and practical experience in project management.

Skills

Leading/managing cross-functional programs through high performing teams under tough deadlines, to meet customers’ expectations.
Certified Project/Program Management backed up with a diversified professional services delivery experience following Waterfall and Agile practices.
Experienced in working in a multinational / multicultural environment across different time zones.

Work Experience

Sep 2019 – Sep 2021 IT Services Delivery Excellence Leader IBM – Dubai, UAE

Guided and led the countries’ project managers to deliver Cloud based software projects across Middle East and Africa generating a total yearly revenue of over 3M$.
As a client escalation point, I resolved multiple challenging service delivery situations for IBM projects through direct interaction with clients and IBM Delivery teams saving over 1M$ worth of revenue from potential contracts cancellation.
Established and maintained a quality delivery system for IBM Cloud Services Division to reduce troubled projects, and achieve an appropriate audit readiness state.

Jan 2018 – Aug 2019 IT Services Delivery Program Manager IBM – Dubai, UAE

Managed a team of twenty locally/remotely based project managers, and technical experts to achieve successful delivery of IBM professional services projects in Africa (Egypt, North Africa and South Africa).
Achieved and exceeded my quarterly revenue (over 8M$) and gross profit targets.
Hired and re-skilled the required delivery resources for each country to meet its projects delivery commitments.
Established and achieved a successful management system through regular cadence and governance calls with the team and clients, resulting in delivering projects on time, within budget and with high client satisfaction.

Apr 2015 – Dec 2017 Cloud Advisory Manager IBM – Dubai, UAE

Managed a team of eight technical Cloud Experts and project managers to deliver IBM Public Cloud managed services, and migration to public cloud (over 350K$ monthly recurrent revenue).
Built Cloud Advisory Services within MEA countries from ground up.
Built the required delivery capabilities in the region to support business growth.
Achieved revenue and gross profit delivery targets for Cloud Advisory Services.

Mar 2013 – Mar /2015 Smart Cloud Resilience Program Manager IBM – Riyadh, KSA

Managed a team of three project managers and ten technical experts to delivery and operate three End-to-End IBM Smart Cloud based Resilience solutions in multi-Tenant environment for the second largest Telecom in Saudi Arabia (Mobily).

Jan 2009 – Feb 2013 IT Services Delivery Program Manager IBM – Dubai, UAE

Led the delivery of IT services in the Middle East (Gulf and Saudi Arabia) through a reporting team of fifteen locally/remotely based project managers across multiple geographies, technical experts and supporting functions (finance, operation, and resource managers) to achieve my committed revenue, gross profit and utilization quarterly targets.
Established a successful management system through regular meetings with each project manager to review risks, issues, and discuss and reach action plans to resolve issues, and bring deviating projects back on track.
Established and followed governance model and cadence calls to interact with reporting lines, as well as finance and operation teams to deliver regular reporting on projects revenue, cost, utilization, etc.
Achieved a satisfactory audit state for my delivery organization, through abiding to established business control rules and guidelines.

Professional Certifications

Professional Scrum Master™ (PSM I & II) Jun 2023

Those who earn the globally recognized Professional Scrum Master II (PSM II) certification have demonstrated an advanced level of Scrum mastery and proven an understanding of the underlying principles of Scrum. This individual has also demonstrated the ability to effectively apply Scrum in complex, real-world situations.

IBM MEA Certification Board Leader Mar 2020

Since March 2020, I was leading the Middle East and Africa IBM Project Management Certification Board responsible for assessing and certifying new IBM project managers applications.

IBM Certified Senior Project Manager Dec 2009

In December 2009, I passed the IBM Project Management Certification Board, and was nominated as IBM Certified Senior Project Manager.

Project Management Professional (PMP) certified Apr 2005 – Apr 2024

Earners of the globally-recognized Project Management Professional (PMP) have demonstrated their extensive knowledge and mastery of project management concepts, tasks, and techniques that are applicable across virtually any industry and methodology. Earners are able to speak and understand the global language of project management. Individuals that earn this certification have demonstrated the knowledge and skills needed to initiate, plan, execute, monitor and control, and close a project.
Contact this candidate