LAURA G. AMMONS Carson City, NV *****

919-***-****
ad116w@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/laura-ammons

SUMMARY
Over 26 years of experience managing teams of application teams, developers, IT support staff, and infrastructure professionals. During my career I have worked my way up from desktop support to C-level and have done a little of everything along the way - networking, server support, application and database development, security and privacy, regulatory compliance, web and graphic design, policies and contracts, video production, and more. Recent experience developing and executing strategic plans for healthcare, government agencies and nonprofits that support the mission and vision of organizations. Process-driven and mission motivated with a proven ability to build consensus and gain buy-in from internal teams and external stakeholders. Focused on using data and ITIL best practices to tell the important stories about my work and inform business decisions. Passionate about continuous improvement both personally and professionally.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Strategic Planning Product Management Stakeholder Engagement Process Improvement Relationship Building
Data Analysis Cross-Functional Collaboration Presentation Skills Writing Grant Management Team Building

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Nevada Supreme Court 2022-2023
Carson City, NV
IT Manager
Created a high performing team by hiring six developers and five infrastructure support positions.
Managed a total of 18 staff across two offices and geographically remote home locations including Service Desk, desktop support, development, and infrastructure teams.
Served as Product Manager and Budget Manager of a statewide data warehouse with a budget of $2.5M.

North Carolina Department of Information Technology (NCDIT) 2019-2022
Raleigh, NC
IT Director
Drove the strategy, operations, and execution of information technology for the Department of Administration, the Department of Military and Veteran’s Affairs, the Office of state Budget Management, and the Ethics Commission.
Implemented processes to improve efficiency and minimize waste including:
oSaving DOA $60,000 per year by directing the move of custom applications to Microsoft Azure.
oReducing paper use by 400,000 sheets and saving $80,000 per year by shifting to digital solutions.
oReducing TTR on tickets by more than half, from 22.2 hours to 10.6 hours.
Saved the State $1M by collaborating with other CIOs and thinking creatively to locate resources at the NC National Guard to provide security assessments for executive branch agencies.
Maintained a 99% customer satisfaction rating while keeping productivity and morale high during the shift to remote work due to pandemic.
Managed the switch from Remedy to ServiceNow for ticketing and asset management.
Successfully managed an increasing number of geographically remote teams with functions such as software development, cybersecurity, and desktop support.
Transitioned a team of software development professionals to cloud-based technologies using ITIL, Scrum and Agile practices which led to an award-winning web application for the state’s Purchase and Contracts Division.
Ensured Section 508 compliance for all web sites and applications.

North Carolina Hospital Association 1999-2019
Cary, NC
IT Director
Directed the strategic plan, operations, project execution, and sustainability of the IT department.
Managed software development teams and project as well as desktop support team.
Analyzed qualitative data to inform organizational goals and mapped workflows to align with defined value streams.
Championed Lean transformation and Scrum/Agile initiatives to increase the efficiency of IT operations.
Oversaw the change of ticketing systems from a custom developed one to Jira, then ZenDesk.
Reduced technology spending by 42% by adopting cloud solutions and implementing bold policy changes.
Served as Product Manager for a custom client-server system encompassing hospital and healthcare industry data, membership information, and confidential data submissions.
Spearheaded efforts to comply with federal regulations such as HIPAA, FISMA, PCI DSS, and Section 508.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
BA, Communication Studies

Certified 508 Trusted Tester
Department of Homeland Security

Certified Government CIO Program
UNC Chapel Hill School of Government

Certificate in Grantwriting
Truckee Meadows Community College

Lean Six Sigma Green Belt
NCDIT

ICAgile Certified Professional
International Agile Consortium

Certified Scrum Master
Scrum Alliance

Practical Project Management Certificate
NC State University Industrial Extension Services

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT

Director-At-Large, Carson Valley Trails Association
Past Board of Directors and Executive Committee, NC Telehealth Network Association
Past Member North Carolina Local Government Information Systems Association (NCLGISA) IT Strike Team
Past Vice President, Suncreek Homeowners Association
Volunteer animal rescue
Contact this candidate