James Cunningham, MBA PMP
201-***-**** ad117h@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesvcunningham

Passionate, resourceful Project Manager with 22 years of customer-facing Information Technology experience. Proficient at bringing clarity from ambiguity. Strong project management experience in network/infrastructure and IT security. A client-first approach to achieving project goals.
Areas of Expertise
Strategic Technology Planning
Change Agent
Stakeholder Communications
Requirements Definition
Risk Management

Project Management
Team Leadership
Costing and Budgeting
IT Governance
Relationship Building

White Cap M&A Infrastructure Project Manager August 2022 - September 2023

M&A Infrastructure PM position task to lead the integration of newly acquired IT assets into the White Cap IT Infrastructure. The project was underway and was asked to streamline communications and the project plan for clarity. Proactive in establishing relationships with stakeholders. Project phase included

i. Integration of server assets from primary and secondary data centers. Inventoried and
documented server attributes, OS, environment, applications, etc. Led work sessions to ensure
servers were patched and adhered to Info Sec standards.
ii. Worked with Cloud engineers to implement Citrix desktops for application delivery. Led working
sessions with LOB groups to ensure access security was applied to application delivery.
iii. Developed a working plan to migrate the Dev/Test environment from the source data center to the
target. Working closely with the Integration team, Operational IT, and consultants, developed a
repeatable process of migration of IT environments.

Hudson Group M&A Infrastructure Project Manager March 2022 - August 2022

Global Infrastructure Project Management Position. Working within the PMO governance, lead several high-profile projects as part of a strategic global infrastructure merger between the Hudson Group and Dufry International, two leading travel retail organizations. Provided timely status projects to PMO detailing issues, risks, and decisions to be made. Projects include

i. Active Directory Migration worked with global infrastructure 1600 user accounts merged into Dufry
AD
ii. Sharepoint Migration - 80 business-critical SharePoint sites and 1600 One Drive user accounts
migrated
iii. Cisco Umbrella Integration worked with Security groups to merge security policies, blocked lists, and
application blocks into global security policy.

New Jersey Transit Project Manager Consultant August 2019 – March 2022

Hired on to bring structure, stability, and leadership to an ongoing $34 million POS and Fares infrastructure project.

i.The first task was to develop communication procedures. Working with internal stakeholders, established procedures, role definitions, and tools to facilitate project communications.
ii.Built a relationship with external design-build vendor managing project. Collaborating on project reports, knowledge sharing, and lessons learned.
iii.Leveraged Network Security Project Management experience to drive the Oracle Cloud migration phase. Facilitating design workshops to develop optimum solutions for all stakeholders.
iv.Managed daily rollout of TVMs (ticket vending machines) over the course of a 15-month period. Acting as a liaison with station managers, electrical groups, and internal NJT personnel assuring we stay on the vendors schedule.
v.Developed reports to help measure deliverables, internal task completion, and communications to the executive leadership team

mindSHIFT Technologies Project Manager May 2017 – August 2019

Responsible for the overall satisfaction of assigned clients and for scheduling and coordinating customer projects, to deliver the desired results successfully, on time and on budget. Communication with the customer and assisting clients in achieving strategic business objectives by identifying the necessary network infrastructure and system management strategies. Hands-on project leader with the ability to manage many simultaneous projects of varying difficulty.
I.From the onset of the new position, led successful client device lifecycle replacement and expansion of network infrastructure projects, parachuting in on the execution phase. Was able to quickly learn and adapt to client needs and new company procedures
II.Based on strong client feedback, was asked to take on high high-profile multi-region end-of-life infrastructure project. Leading a team of network engineers, replaced Cisco core and access switches, Dell PowerEdge R620 servers, and upgraded wireless LAN controllers. Was project leader from initiation to close, including all planning, budgeting, drafting of SOWs, procurement, and client communications
III.With little time to plan, due to life safety, moved an entire IT infrastructure for a client in under three weeks. All WAPS phones, laptops, switches, routers, UPS, PDUs, and servers moved and functional on schedule. The move included new ethernet cabling to 40-plus rooms and fiber interconnectivity between MDF and the three IDFs.
IV.Led client-driven, Apple device lifecycle replacement project. Deliverables include policies on application upgrades, application EOL, device EOL, and training/support.

Stevens Inst of Tech Applications Support Analyst April 2016 – May 2017
Multi-faceted position including project management, business analysis, and application support. Led the Office of Enterprise Information Systems project initiatives including

I.Complete replacement of the Landesk security management with the Symantec Endpoint suite. Led systems team to ensure proper application of the Symantec Altiris and Endpoint product suite to all endpoints on Campus.
II.EMV Compliance for Campus Retail Operations. Worked closely with P2P Encryption vendor Shift4 to implement EMV-compliant Ingenico credit card payment devices at the Campus retail location.
III.Develop requirements, create workflows and present recommendations for the reengineering of IT operation processes including change management and IT PC/Laptop distribution and lifecycle

Stevens Inst of Tech Project Manager January 2012 – April 2016

Initiated strategic projects through a prioritized project intake workflow. Set criteria based on University objectives and goals. Developed best practice methodologies, standard communication protocols, and process and procedures for budgeting and costing for IT projects. Setting common workflow for project work. Guided diverse teams through several multi-million dollar Information Technology projects including:

I.Data Center Renovation. A $4.5 million high-impact project. A complete renovation of the data center. Oversaw project from conception through execution partnering with external vendors. The change management process was key to success. Results: A fully redundant scalable Data Center that will provide the ability of University research to meet its current and future computing needs.
II.Network Refresh. A $3 million project. Managed a team of network engineers to a complete replacement of all network gear, from core to edge with minimal downtime. Project vision and accountability of work were keys to success. Results: State-of-the-art network that is end user-centric and maintains security to University assets.
III.Fiber Replacement replaced the obsolete Campus-wide multi-mode fiber backbone with a modern single-mode 10gb fiber backbone. Managed external contractors through the process of building a parallel network backbone without inhibiting the current backbone or other utilities. Stakeholder communications were key to success. Results: Redundant fiber backbone network to support Research University.
IV.Ticketing/Service Catalog. Implementation of a new ticketing system with a user-facing Service Catalog and Knowledge Base. The ticketing system and Service catalog were based on ITIL standards. Collaboration amongst the various IT domains was key to success Results: Customer-centric self-service portal, reducing in-person/ phone calls to Tier 1 support.
V.Kronos Time Management System. Enterprise-wide software implementation. Kronos's Time management goal was to replace paper-based time management for hourly workers including Facility Union workers. Kronos was also replacing the vacation and time off for all Stevens’s employees. Quickly being able to attain domain knowledge of Human Resources benefits and Union regulations were keys to success. Results: Seamless electronic time management system that was intuitive to the end-user
VI.Provided division Leadership through dependability, honesty, forward-thinking, inspiration, and competency.

ID Systems Manager Stevens Inst of Tech January 2002 – January 2012

I.Maintained ID/Debit Card Information System ensuring daily function of Oracle Database Server and Blackboard Application Server including backup, report development, and user account maintenance

II.Developed financial reconciliation procedure of Debit Card Information System account with the University financial general ledger

III.Served as Project Leader in the Implementation of Inventory Control and PCI Compliant POS, Workflow and Document Management, Wireless POS, and Pay for Print Application/Systems

IV.Led migration of University Card applications to PCI Compliance. Designed a PCI-compliant segmented Information Systems network in conjunction with the Network team. Developed a PCI compliance policy regarding systems backup, maintenance, and restoration. Completed project on time and $27k under budget.

EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration 2011
Stevens Institute of Technology
Information Systems
GPA: 3.473

Master of Science 2004
Stevens Institute of Technology
Information Systems/Computer Science
GPA: 3.4
Bachelor of Science 2000
Montclair State University
Management of Information Systems
GPA: 3.88 Magna Cum Laude
CERTIFICATIONS: Project Management Professional
Contact this candidate