MARK DIETZ
541-***-**** • ad16s6@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SENIOR LEADER
Global IT Operations Leadership • Senior IT Manager • Director of ERP Services • ERP Systems Selection & Implementations • Agile Project Management • Department Budgeting • Enterprise Migrations • SDLC Frameworks • Matrix Organization Leadership

PREFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Fall Creek Farm & Nursery, Lowell / Eugene, OR May 2009 - Present
IT Manager Development Team Manager, Global IT Operations
Develop and oversee $3M annual IT operating budget.
Create and implement core multinational networking infrastructure and systems integration for 6 international subsidiaries and 12 locations in US, MX, PE, NL, ES, ZA, and CL.
Lead integration projects to link disparate systems, standardizing data, and harmonizing processes.
Establish ITIL best practices for global IT departments, implementing global IT infrastructure to overcome complexities of rapid growth.
Design and direct ERP Solution implementation across multiple geographies, including MRP & WMS selection and implementations, for sites in US, MX, PE, NL, ES, ZA, CL, and CN.
Establish and cultivate relationships with global third-party vendors.
Mentor culturally diverse engineering, application development, and help desk teams.
Architected and oversaw on-prem virtual server farm to MS Azure cloud-hosted solution migration, improving information sharing and creating a responsive global IT framework.
Deploying Agile and SDLC frameworks for DevOps teams while leading the completion of internally created applications unique to industry.
Improve visibility of critical and disparate data, resulting in improved reporting timeliness and accuracy.
Project management for IT and Development PMO projects.
Lead application development projects and continuous improvements to bring niche processes in-house and protect significant industry-leading processes and innovation advantages.

Integrity Information Services, Inc., Eugene, OR Aug 2004 - Apr 2009
President/Owner/Consultant
Developed IT strategies for LAN, WAN, and enterprise system software for a varied client base.
Strategic planning for clients regarding expansion, disaster recovery, business continuity.
ERP / WMS requirements gathering, RFP creation, vendor selection and solution Implementation.
Ideated economical solutions to complex IT needs by leveraging integrated experiences in accounting with knowledge of IT systems.
Development of client technology strategies in all phases of Operations and Administration.
Implemented systems for various clients and managed outside consulting service providers and relationships.

Harvest House Publishers, Eugene, OR Feb 1998 - Aug 2004
Director of Finance & IT
Hiring, development, and coaching of local IT, Accounting, and Warehouse Teams.
Manage and direct all phases of Information Technologies for company: Security strategy, EDI, LAN and WAN development and strategies, Vendor selection and management.
Develop and oversee the creation of IT Infrastructure for new office buildout.
Lead ERP and WMS systems selection, process requirements gathering, implementation and integration.
Telecom strategy, selection, and management.
Technology vision and direction for the organization.

Prior Experiences: SMC Corporation, Corporate Controller & IT Supervisor

EDUCATION
Eastern Oregon University, LaGrande, OR
Bachelor of Science, Business & Economics

TECHNOLOGIES
Azure, SQL, ERP Systems (multiple), Microsoft Office Suite, Power BI, Jira, Windows Server, Boomi, Azure Data Lake
Contact this candidate