ANUJ GANDHI

Glen Allen, VA, US • +1-407-***-**** • ad1mbz@r.postjobfree.com
Senior Scrum Master/Project Manager
Accomplished servant-leader capable of delivering software projects on time and on budget by effectively collaborating, facilitating, & leading teams. Results-driven professional with experience leading a high performing team of 40+ IT professionals in complex IT environments. Proven expertise in strategic planning, project management, and technology optimization, resulting in enhanced operational efficiency and productivity. Strong leadership and communication skills, consistently delivering on-time, on-budget IT solutions. Seeking to leverage my experience to drive innovation and excellence in IT management for a forward-thinking organization.
Skills
Agile Project Management Effective Communication & Reporting
Business Use Case Analysis Work prioritization
Project Roadmap Planning Risk Resolution & Management
Stakeholder Management Resource Tracking & Scheduling
Project Delivery Requirements Gathering
Budget Development Change Management
Coaching and Mentoring Cost Estimation
Work experience
Project Manager Engineering
2021/07-Present
Elevance Health
Led digital transformation initiatives to integrate with third-party provider portal (Availity - AV portal) to improve provider adoption of digital authorization and claims processes to reduce manual intervention, boost efficiency, productivity, and over 30% cost savings.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define business requirements and roadmap, Project Planning, Budget estimation, and Resource planning to align Enterprise technology initiatives with organizational goals.
Managed large scale multimillion-dollar migration projects involving Scope discovery, resource onboarding, and allocation, iterative implementation, and delivering projects within budget constraints.
Experienced in Business use case analysis, and prioritization of Go Live Critical requirements.
Experience in migration project of On premise to AWS Cloud migration of APIs.
Assessed and optimized relationships with IT vendors to ensure cost-effectiveness, talent retention, and high-quality project delivery aligning with the enterprise goal of onshore/offshore model.
Conducted thorough reviews of project documentation, meticulously identifying and rectifying discrepancies to maintain a high standard of accuracy.
Invest in the professional development of IT staff, ensuring career growth and obtaining the required skillset to support complex, high visibility projects effectively.
Managed risks and change management processes for all assigned projects, working with peers & leaders to take corrective actions as necessary.
Develop and execute the organization's IT strategy in alignment with business objectives. Lead, mentor, and manage IT teams, fostering a collaborative and high-performance work environment.
Collaborated closely with clients, conducting comprehensive reviews of project requirements, and ensuring alignment with organizational objectives.
Maintained strict adherence to project plans, continuously monitoring timelines and milestones to ensure timely project delivery.

Project Manager/Senior Scrum Master
2017/12-2021/07
Anthem, Inc
As the Project Manager, maintained, refined, and prioritized the project backlog.
Coordinated with teams to optimize workflow and allocated resources effectively, enhancing overall project efficiency.
Worked closely with stakeholders to understand their requirements and expectations, translating them into comprehensive & actionable project tasks.
Worked as a liaison between business stakeholders and the development team to create a product roadmap and execution plan. Maintained project and sprint backlog, created user stories, conducted sprint planning, and facilitated retrospectives for continuous improvements.
Attended PI planning and facilitated system demo, inspect, and adapt workshops for future PIs and Release Management meetings. Led multiple team efforts to sunset the legacy system and migrate applications to the new platform.
Facilitated Sprint Planning meetings, Daily scrum, sprint review, product backlog refinement meetings, and sprint retrospective meetings. Helped project/product managers and RTEs plan and prioritize features at the program level among multiple trains.
Tracked, monitored, and communicated in-progress implementation, including any delivery risks to stakeholders and enterprise leadership on behalf of the entire team.
Delivered regular and effective communication through project status meetings, presenting information to diverse stakeholders providing project progress, and potential challenges.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to resolve challenges, fostering a collaborative environment.
Ensured timely review approval and provided sign-off on the deliverables.
Provided Training and mentoring to the team on enforcing agile operations and scrum principles.

Senior Scrum Master
2017/01-2017/12
Express Scripts
Led two scrum teams for Specialty pharmacy processing application transformation efforts. Work with Product Owners and Engineering
Managers to facilitate identification and prioritization of product work.
Facilitate Scrum Ceremonies
Coach team members to work together most efficiently.
Help resolve 'blockers' of progress, coordinating with other teams as needed.
Work closely with Product Owners to ensure backlog items are properly defined prior to acceptance into an iteration/sprint.
Hold teams accountable for meeting iteration/sprint commitments. Coach and support teams in estimation and release planning.
Encourage and help to achieve transparency by widely reporting/publicizing team progress/success to a varied group of stakeholders.

Scrum Master
2012/12-2017/01
7-Eleven Inc.
Managed project RISE back-office inventory management software.
Managed development and on time delivery of 7 Rewards mobile application.
Facilitating scrum ceremonies (grooming, sprint planning, retrospectives, daily stand-ups, etc.) using JIRA.
Team Building, Coaching and continuous improvement.
Empowering teams to self-organize and grow cross-functionality.
Experience in JIRA and Confluence to manage the lifecycle of code development, from ideation to sprints to deployment.
Education
Master of Business Administration
1995-1999
University of Central Oklahoma
Bachelor of Engineering
1989-1993
M S University, India
Certifications

Certified Scrum Master – Scrum Alliance
Certified SAFe Advanced Scrum Master – Scaled Agile Foundation
AWS Cloud Practitioner
Contact this candidate