IRINA MEKHANIK
917-***-****
ad1mhz@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

●Senior IT Professional experienced in analyzing, designing, developing, testing, implementing and supporting all types of financial, energy, and commodities applications.
●Interfacing with customers/users to meet needs and requirements, writing functional specifications, working with developers, performing testing and implementation.
●Areas of expertise include Trade Order Processing, Foreign Exchange, Market Risk, Collateral Management, Tax Module, Equities, Fixed Income products, Loans, Options, Futures, Options on Futures, Commodities, Options on Commodities, Generic Instrument Designer, and Real-time Market Information Systems.

EDUCATION

Columbia University, Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
MA, Mathematics of Finance

New York University, Stern School of Business
BS, Finance

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Languages: Java, C, C++, . net, Python, Visual Basic, Microsoft SQL, HTML
Software: Azure Dev Ops, Program Project Risk Tool (PPRT), SharePoint, Excel, Word, JIRA, MS Project, Confluence, SAS, NetObjects Fusion, Remedy, Access, Sybase, Power Point, Visio, Paint
Protocols: FCS and FIX protocols
Operating Systems: Windows, Unix, and Tandem

RESEARCH SKILLS: Proficient in Bloomberg, Reuters, Market Sheet, and Internet

CITIZENSHIP: US Citizen

ACHIEVEMENTS: Played a key role in implementation of Open Book, NYSE Alerts, Open Book Real Time, and ETF Book systems for the NYSE as well as Foreign Exchange, Collateral Management, Tax Module, and Exotic Option functionality for Open Link.

EXPERIENCE

Bank of America, New York, NY 2021-Present
Program Manager/Project Manager/Consultant. Working in PMO providing support to Risk Managers by creating new functionality to effectively diversify risk in the portfolio. Proficient in risk model on-boarding and VAR calculations. Working in the Agile and Waterfall environments. Experienced in all phases of Project Management (Plan, Build, Test, Deploy, Operate). Utilizing PPRT, Jira, Confluence, SQL, Visio, MS Project, and Excel.

●Working with the Stakeholders (Risk Managers) determining the Scope of the projects. Creating Project Plans and Resource Plans.
●Estimating the budget for the Projects by determining the number of Resources, duration (in weeks), and effort (in man-weeks). Keeping track of spending.
●Hosting Weekly Status Meetings with developers and business analysts. Assigning and tracking tasks. Escalating issues when necessary.
●Creating RAID (Risk, Action, Issue, Dependency) logs, Meeting Minutes, Action Trackers, and Status Reports.
●Collaborating with Business Analysts on User Acceptance Testing Plans and engaging required resources to participate in testing.
●Conducting Production Deployments by creating Deployment Events and coordinating with the Release Team.
●Organizing and providing presentations to the Senior Management and Stakeholders to ensure product quality and timely delivery.

Morgan Stanley, New York, NY 2020-2021
Project Manager/Consultant. Worked in PMO participating in the development of a new trading platform to execute orders with Equities, Fixed Income products, Foreign Exchange, and Derivatives. Proficient in full SDLC. Worked in the Agile environment. Utilizing Jira, Confluence, SQL, Visio, MS Project, and Excel.

●Conducted Project Management by determining required resources for the project and coordinating meetings with various groups including Development and Operations to ensure that the project deliverables were completed on-time.
●Worked with Traders by gathering and documenting business requirements, writing User Stories, preparing functional specifications and conducting training sessions with developers to make sure they understand the software functionality.
●Created test cases and conducted quality assurance testing.
●Wrote Project Plans and User Acceptance Testing Plans and conducted User Acceptance Testing with traders. Worked with developers making sure all outstanding issues are resolved before production cutovers.
●Created User Guides and giving training sessions for Traders

Microsoft, New York, NY 2019-2020
Project Manager/Senior Business Analyst/Consultant. Participated in a Public Sector Program managing multiple data feeds. Proficient in full SDLC. Worked in the Agile environment. Utilized Azure Dev Ops, MS SharePoint, IntelliJ, Confluence, SQL, Visio, MS Project, and Excel.

●Conducted Project Management by doing backlog grooming, creating epics, features, user stories, and tasks.
●Led standup meetings with developers and vendors.
●Worked with Clients and SMEs by gathering and documenting business requirements, writing BRDs, FRDs, and User Guides.
●Prepared "yaml" files from corresponding "json" files using SQL, IntelliJ and Python.
●Created traceability matrixes, test cases and conducting quality assurance testing.
●Wrote plans for User Acceptance Testing and conducted User Acceptance Testing.
●Designed a web site to describe the project, its goals, and achievements.

ROCKWOOD GLOBAL, New York, NY 2013-2019
Project Manager/Senior Business Analyst. Responsible for IT support for Real Estate acquisition company.

●Prepared Project Plans, led Status Meetings, estimated Budgets, and allocated Resources for the Projects.
●Modeled spreadsheets to forecast monthly and yearly variations based on different income and expense outcomes which included but not limited to financing rates, vacancy rates, and renovation estimates.
●Implemented new software to conduct Loss Analysis and search for Short Sales, REO Property Sales, Property Preservation / Inspection, Claims without Conveyance of Title by writing User Stories and documenting Business Requirements, doing Visual Basic coding, conducting Unit Testing and User Acceptance Testing, and resolving production problems.
●Prepared due diligence reports and acquisition analysis for potential Real Estate acquisitions. The reports included the analysis of property, cost verifications, development rights, legal restrictions, and zoning condition and analysis.
●Conducted pro-forma analysis to prepare financial statements based on future events and changes in Business performance.

Open Link, New York, NY 2008-2013
Senior Business Analyst. Participated in all phases of software development life cycle. Worked with clients from five continents designing and implementing new functionality and supporting existing software.

●Conducted gap analysis to enhance existing software functionality, gathered business requirements, performed research and analysis to design new functionality. Wrote functional specifications and worked with developers to make sure they understand specifications.
●Wrote test procedures and created test cases to ensure high quality software is delivered to clients, conducted Unit Testing and User Acceptance Testing, worked with developers to fix bugs.
●Provided assistance to Open Link Help Desk to insure serious problems are investigated and resolved in a timely manner.
●Implemented FX System for Open Link's Clients (conducted meetings with Clients, wrote User Stories, documented Business requirements, worked with developers including off-shore teams to make sure the software meets the requirements, conducted Unit Testing and User Acceptance Testing, cut over the System to production, and assisted with production issues.
●Conducted Project Management using MS Project.
●Prepared demos and sales presentation for Open Link prospective clients.
●Implemented Collateral Management System for Open Link's Clients (performed gap analysis, wrote Business Requirements documents and User Guides, performed extensive testing, worked with developers to fix bugs, and assisted Clients with Collateral Management enhancements and outstanding issues).
●Conducted training sessions for Open Link clients, pre-Sales Team, and Implementation consultants.
●Worked with junior team members: reviewing their work, coaching, and supervising projects.

JP Morgan Chase, New York, NY 2007 - 2008
Senior IT Business Analyst. Supported JP Morgan’s Business sponsors and software users by designing and putting on-line new applications, enhancing existing software, and resolving production problems.

●Designed new software and made enhancements to existing applications by interviewing Business users, gathering business requirements, creating functional specifications, and conducting review sessions with developers to make sure they understand specifications.
●Implemented software deployment by creating test scenarios, conducting and managing User Acceptance Testing to ensure compliance with functional requirements, working with developers to confirm that all software discrepancies are fixed in a timely manner, and coordinating production cutovers.
●Documented different production processes including curve generation procedures, volatility computations and value-at-risk calculations.
●Provided training to new software users by creating demos, presentations, and one-to-one coaching.
●Worked with Market Data vendors like Bloomberg and Reuters on boarding market data feeds for different asset classes including equities, foreign exchange, options, futures, swaps, high yield indexes, corporate bonds, US Treasures, loans, asset backed and mortgage backed securities.
●Reviewed data quality by analyzing databases and writing SQL queries.
●Tracked progress of outstanding production issues by facilitating meeting between software users, developers, and Operations, regularly communicating status to Business sponsors, and producing weekly status reports.
●Enhanced performance of web based financial applications by recommending changes to current production procedures and conducting application testing to verify that changes were made successfully.

NYSE Euronext / SIAC, New York, NY 2000 - 2007
IT Business Analyst / Developer. Provided technical assistance to Firms that are Members of the NYSE Euronext by supporting and enhancing existing order processing and market data systems and implementing new systems.

●Participated in developing and putting on-line new systems by analyzing and documenting customers' business requirements, critiquing functional specifications, designing test scripts, supporting systems testing and enhancement, identifying problems, proposing solutions, and leading projects through to completion.
●Wrote procedures for SIAC Service Desk / Call Center to provide first tier support for the NYSE Group’s customers.
●Conducted various system tests for the NYSE, User Acceptance Testing with customers, and produced reports with the results of tests for the NYSE and SIAC management.
●Worked on design and development of Open Book Real Time. This 2006-launched product provides a real-time view of the NYSE's limit order book for all NYSE-traded issues—aggregated and refreshed every second. It also supported the implementation of the NYSE Hybrid Market.
●Provided expertise in the design and development of NYSE Alerts, a data feed information service that provides real-time messages regarding certain conditions related to the trading of NYSE-listed securities. Messages include Security Trading Status data such as Trading Halts/Delays, ITS Pre-Opening Indications, Price Indications and Trading Circuit Breakers.
●Assisted customers experiencing “on-line” problems with Open Book, NYSE Alerts, eBroker Market Looks, CMS and RBOSS systems by identifying the root cause of issues and working with different departments resolving difficult situations.
●Monitored and analyzed performance of different NYSE systems that execute stock orders for the NYSE. Provided quality on time services to Firms, Members of the NYSE, during "on-line trading" and "after hours".
●Created a Departmental Web page using Net Objects Fusion.
●Designed and developed software using C/C++ to track and examine orders of Member Firms for proactive resolution of potential problems & created programs using Visual Basic to analyze different types of flags that determine how the Member Firms' trades are processed by the NYSE. Worked with Database group modifying parameters of flags per customers’ requests.
Contact this candidate