Calvin L. Phipps, Jr.
Denton, TX 940-***-**** ad1puk@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/ calvin-phipps-msis-2abb8466
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A proficient and highly skilled information technology Professional Director with a broad background in project manager, IT security, computer operations, implementations, infrastructure management, end-user support, and hardware/software troubleshooting. A highly knowledgeable mentor able to drive productivity and motivate cross-functional teams. Improves processes to increase efficiency. A dependable problem solver who seizes opportunities to improve upon existing operations to increase a business' standing in the marketplace.
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Server Administration:
Microsoft Windows Server 2016 (AD Tools, WSUS, ISS, Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, File services, and SCCM), Azure, SharePoint, Deacom ERP, and Manager Plus.
Networking:
Switches (Cisco, Dell, and Netgear), Routers/Firewalls (TP-Link Load Balancer, Netgear, Sonicwall, and Cisco) Infrastructure (Cat4, Cat5, Cat6, Punch Panel Installation, Coax cable) Tools (Fluke, Punch Down Tool, and Jack Terminator).
Virtualization:
VMware, Oracle VM, Virtual Box, Citrix XenDesktop, and Azure.
Reporting/Ticketing:
Spiceworks, Service now, Zendesk, and LanSweeper.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Leonard Holding Company, Dallas, TX April 2018 – Present
Sr. System Analyst
Manage Network Infrastructure and systems for company’s locations in Texas, Georgia, and Arizona.
Manage company’s surveillance and access control system.
Manage daily operations for the IT department and report to the VP of IT.
Manage IT assets and ensure department is meeting SLAs agreements.
Manage end-user support process.
Review Governance, compliance, and risk assessments.
Conduct technology upgrade and deployment projects for the company.
Write technical documentation outlining deployment and troubleshooting steps.

Think Finance, Addison, TX (Contractor through Teksystems) January 2017 – April 2018
Sr. Desktop Support
Supported network infrastructure, VOIP, printers, and peripherals for locations.
Managed the Microsoft Active Directory environment including all objects, users, and security groups for location.
Develop solutions to accommodate users that need different technical accommodations to successfully perform role.
Diagnosed and resolved technical hardware and software issues.
Write technical documentation outlining deployment and troubleshooting steps.
Stay current with system information, changes, and updates.
Create/Deploy images and SCCM packages as needed.

Sally Beauty, Denton TX (Contractor through Sparkhound) July 2016 – December 2016
Senior Desktop Support Engineer
Managed deployment to backup and update company’s Windows environment from Microsoft Windows 7 to Microsoft Windows 10.
Created compliance reports using System Center Configuration Manager 2012.
Maintained the inventory database, assigned hardware, and software assets according to company guidelines.
Supported, advised, and created technical documentation company’s IT teams.

University of North Texas, Denton TX July 2015 – July 2016
IT Support Specialist IV
Configured firewalls, IPsec policies, and security for the university’s Food Service POS Systems.
Observed Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance for all equipment that fell within PCI Scope for the university’s food service network segments.
Administrator for Active Directory and Sequoia Point of Sales systems.
Managed merchant IDs and deployed VeriFone’s as needed.
Manage IT assets and ensure department is meeting SLAs agreements.
Write technical documentation outlining deployment and troubleshooting steps.

Hughes Public School Systems, Hughes, AR August 2013 – June 2015
Technology Director
Created the District's Technology Governance, compliance, and risk assessments Plan.
Manage Network Infrastructure and systems for school district.
Manage District’s Technology Budget, E-Rate program, District Website, and district’s Cafeteria POS System. Balanced the technology budget of $350,000 and managed federal SIG grant for $1,000,000 in accordance with the School Improvement Grant guidelines.
Directed the installation of over 150 interactive whiteboard systems in all K-12 core classrooms.
Manage Governance, and compliance for all technologies purchased using School Improving Grant funds.
Successfully implemented a staff development program for district faculty and administration.

Flextronics, Memphis, TN March 2010 – June 2012
IT Desktop Support
Managed the Microsoft Active Directory environment including all objects, users, and security groups for location.
Develop solutions to accommodate users that need different technical accommodations to successfully perform role.
Diagnosed and resolved technical hardware and software issues.
Write technical documentation outlining deployment and troubleshooting steps.
Supported infrastructure, VOIP, printers, and peripherals for locations.
Responded to requests for technical assistance via phone or electronically (tickets).
Metropolitan Baptist Church, Memphis, TN May 2006 – July 2016
Media & Technology Director
Managed and Developed media ministry.
Managed the Microsoft Active Directory environment including all objects, users, and security groups for location.
Manage Network Infrastructure and systems for facility.
Diagnosed and resolved technical hardware and software issues.
Write technical documentation outlining deployment and troubleshooting steps.
Managed facility’s website and security.

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Information Systems with a concentration in Network Management - Strayer University, Washington, DC – 2011
Bachelor of Arts in Music with a minor in Computer Science - LeMoyne-Owen College, Memphis, TN – 2006
CCNA Bootcamp – New Horizon 2023
Azure Server Management Bootamp - New Horizon 2022

AFFILIATIONS
• Member – Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA)
• Member – Association of Information Systems Professionals (AISP)
Contact this candidate