Serena Chaplin, MS, PMP
**** **** ******** *** *********, NV 89074 312-***-**** Email: ad1phe@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications
A result oriented professional position within the PMO in information technology or Healthcare field.
Strengths include:
Project Management methodologies Project scheduling
Enterprise implementations Team Building & Leadership
Strong communication skills Technical skills
Excellent problem-solving skills Conflict resolution
Excellent Analytical skills PMP certification

Education
Florida metropolitan/ Everest University Graduate School
Master of Science
New Horizon/PMI
PMP
DeVry University, Chicago, Illinois
Bachelor of Science in Computer information Systems

Experience

SignantHealth, Blue Bell, PA (Remote)
Project Manager 2021-Present
Manage and lead project from kickoff to completion
Develop, manage and execute project plans
Manage and lead the maintenance phase of Simple to Medium complexity studies or support assigned study activities for complex projects.
Manage projects in accordance with established timelines, budget, quality standards, and/or contractual requirements
Responsible for project/client metrics, including but not limited to collaborating with Client Success Directors in readiness for regular Governance meetings.
Handle client escalations independently and work with internal and client teams to resolve these. Escalate as appropriate in a timely manner.
Responsible for quality of communication with client and sites- cadence, content and audience. Serves as the primary contact for customers on assigned projects.
Responsible for ensuring adequate resource assignments occur across all functional areas and management of those performing project tasks.
Review, approve and maintain project system documentation
Accountable for vendor management and deliverables. This can include services, licensing, payments, invoicing, and vendor management activities.
Responsible for reporting of internal project status updates
Collaborate with other functional areas for project delivery to ensure timelines and client expectations are met within budget

HCA Healthcare, Henderson, NV
Project Manager 2019-2021
Manage project from kickoff to completion
Develop, execute and manage project plan
Follow PMI methodologies by playing the lead role in planning, executing, monitoring, controlling, and closing projects.
Oversee implementations of Enterprise systems integral to hospital operations including HUGS infant monitoring system. Epoc, Talis perfusion and various nurse call systems as well as upgrades and annual firmware updates.
Successfully led Division teams to implement the Clinical Monitor Interface (CMI) solution in PACU which sends vital sign data automatically to Meditech which alleviates the chance for errors.
Lead and Manage UAT
Analyzed and streamlined processes, managed and monitored performance of Support teams to meet conversion milestones and SLA’s.
Managed the Nurse Call playbook deliverables and coordinated plan deployment of Responder 5 and iMobile.
Led collaboration sessions with Corporate PMs, Operations and Technical team to pre-empt/resolve epoc product rollout and implementation issues.
Organizing, and directing the completion of specific projects for the organization while ensuring these projects are on time and within scope
Managing and communicating a clear project scope and motivate team members
Managing business owner and team member relationships to accomplish project deliverables
Proactively identifying and managing risks and issues
Monitoring and reporting on project activities and reporting on status within published timeline
Coaching team members to clarify task assignments, milestones, and deliverables
Authoring and facilitating project implementations
Facilitating decision making among stakeholders
Ensuring project results meet requirements
Senior Clinical Application Analyst 2017-2019
Develop, build and maintain Meditech modules.
Project lead for OBED
Test and maintain PK
Test and implement Meditech upgrades and ring releases
Assist with daily operations and end user support.
Elmhurst Memorial Hospital, Elmhurst, Illinois
Senior Clinical Application Analyst 2011-2017
Manage project from kickoff to completion
Develop, execute and manage project plan
Follow PMI methodologies by playing the lead role in planning, executing, monitoring, controlling, and closing projects.
Project lead for Pyxis implementation and upgrades
Conduct and coordinate all testing and end user training for Pyxis
Project Lead for implementation and upgrades for Talyst pharmacy inventory system
Conduct and coordinate all testing and end user training for Talyst system
Develop project testing plans
Lead and Manage upgrades for DR PACS
Lead and Manage upgrades for Merge/Verecis cardiology
Manage DiCOM for imaging department
Lead and Manage all ring releases and upgrades eCardio cardiology system
Manage upgrades for Terarecon 3D imaging software
Epic Willow certified
Develop and maintain PHA and RXM dictionaries in Meditech.
Assist in Medication Optimization
Test and implement Meditech upgrades and ring releases involving all ancillary departments
Develop and maintain Meditech Client Server Software
Assist with daily operations and end user support.
Assist in Meaningful use testing

Provena Health, Bolingbrook, Illinois
Clinical Systems Analyst 2007-2011
Manage project from kickoff to completion
Develop, execute and manage project plan
Demonstrated proficiency in payer and reimbursement processes, optimizing financial outcomes through comprehensive understanding and effective management within Meditech revenue cycle module
Follow PMI methodologies by playing the lead role in planning, executing, monitoring, controlling, and closing projects.
Project lead for Meditech ITS upgrades and ring releases for C/S 5.4 to 5.5 to 5.64 Magic 5.4 to 5.5 along with a Meditech conversion from Magic to C/S
Project lead for Visicu implementation and upgrades as well as ring releases.
Develop and maintain Visicu eCare ICU system
Coordinate and conduct end user training.
Develop project testing plans
Add users to Meditech and various niche systems
Assist with daily operations and end user support.
Boston workstation scripting
Midas decision support system
McKesson CPACS and PACS radiology and cardiology systems
Project Management
Training
Develop and maintain Meditech Client Server (ITS,MIS,LAB) and Meditech Magic (PHA and RAD) systems
Build ITS dictionaries using CMS standards
Standardized categories and procedures for ITS dictionary

Mount Sinai Hospital, Chicago, Illinois
Systems Analyst 2006-2007
Develop and maintain multiple dictionaries in Meditech.
Project lead for implementation of AS software OB system
Test and implement Meditech upgrades and ring releases involving all Allied Health related issues.
Develop training materials for end users.
Develop project testing plans
Add users to system various niche systems
Coordinate and conduct end user training.
Assist with daily operations and end user support.
Demonstrated proficiency in payer and reimbursement processes, optimizing financial outcomes through comprehensive understanding and effective management within Meditech revenue cycle module
NPR report writing
Boston workstation scripting
CPOE upgrade
Support of OE, RAD, MIS, PCI, and Departmental modules in addition to all dictionaries in Meditech Magic 5.5
Develop and maintain MUSE Cardiology system

MarianJoy Rehabilitation Hospital, Wheaton, Illinois
Pharmacy Application and Software Technician 2005-2006
Develop and maintain Pharmacy dictionaries in Meditech.
Test and implement Meditech upgrades involving pharmacy related issues.
Train Attending, Resident and Pharmacist on CPOE with Meditech Software.
Implementing and test Pyxis software
Setting up bio-id with Pyxis system.

References upon Request
Contact this candidate