ANANTA VANGARA
Ph. +1-201-***-**** ad1xps@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Change and Release Manager with over 7+ years of IT experience with project planning, execution, monitoring, and resource balancing skills, with the ability to support multiple simultaneous projects in a matrix organizational structure. Experienced in Release/Change Management, writing technical specifications, Complete Software development life cycle (SDLC), and Demonstrated abilities to manage a project through its complete lifecycle viz. Initiation, Planning and Design, Execution, monitoring, and controlling through Closing.
ACCADAMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Master’s in Information Technology and Management at Campbellsville University, KY.
Master’s in Computer and Information Sciences at Northwestern Poly University, CA.
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering - K.L University, India. SKILLS
Visual Studio, Octopus, Terraform, Azure Builds, Jenkins Build, Ansible, Docker.
C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScripting, SQL, Python, PowerShell, Json scripts, Yaml
(configuration files).
AWS, Microsoft Azure
New Relic, Nagios, Azure Metrix, Conviva
Team Foundation Server (TFS), Internet Information Services (IIS), GitHub, AWS.
Spark, Atlassian Tools (Jira and Confluence), Optimizely, Adobe Analytics, Sentry, Figma EXPERIENCE
Release and Change Manager at NBC Universal June 2022 to Till Date Chicago, IL
Responsibilities:
Working as a Release Manager for Peacock and SkyShowtime apps for all devices.
Continuously evaluate the efficiency of existing processes and procedures of change and release management and improve practices.
Organize and facilitate project planning, daily stand-ups, reviews, retrospectives, sprint/release planning, demos, and other Scrum-related meetings.
Integrate the chatbot with external systems, APIs, or databases to fetch data, perform actions, and provide more advanced response
Collaborate with UX/UI designers to create a user-friendly and engaging conversational experience. Ensure that the chatbot's responses align with the desired user experience.
Support and work with development teams in launching LG, Samsung and PlayStation apps on SkyShowtime for Nordic and Adriatic countries.
Creating a communication strategy to keep all relevant stakeholders informed about the upcoming changes.
Executed PowerShell scripts to perform version-controlling during the deployment process and after branch cuts.
Work with multiple development teams on a streaming network to get the builds ready and roll out on schedule.
Design the conversation flow of the chatbot, specifying how it should respond to different user inputs and navigate through various conversation branches.
Work with various engineering leads, project managers and QA leads to manage the build and release process across multiple streaming applications simultaneously for Peacock and Sky Showtime applications.
Identifying potential risks and issues related to the change initiative and developing risk mitigation strategies.
Manage continuous integration process for PlayStation, LG, Samsung, Vizio, Roku, XTv, Xfinity, Cox, Webs, and cable set-top boxes.
Maintain and develop build management systems (Jenkins, scripts, build servers, Optimizely, Conviva etc.).
Continuously work to improve the efficiency and scalability of our build and release processes and environments.
Track results of all required tests, analyze release blockers and enable the successful resolution.
Project Release Manager at Willis Towers Watson. December 2016 to June 2022 Chicago, IL
Responsibilities:
Gathering Information from the Clients and providing consultation by performing POC and setting up the Build/Deployment and Release Management.
Facilitated self-service of infrastructure tools by various departments, thereby improving workflow.
Worked with project managers to facilitate project team meetings, manage agendas, and assist with developing the Release Management organization.
Assist in defining and deploying new product development processes and in facilitating the continuous improvement of existing processes.
Managed microservices, and version control and wrote configuration files using Terraform for Microsoft Azure cloud platform.
Implemented Created and Updated rollbacks to previous configuration files using Terraform.
Implemented Microsoft Technologies such as TFS, Azure, DNS Servers, and Active Directory in day-to-day deployment and management processes.
Performing operating system and software application installation, patching, and upgrades during downtime.
Performed migration for in-house services with Octopus servers to Microsoft Team Foundation Servers.
Provisioned and managed multiple resources across the Azure cloud, ensuring consistency and repeatability.
Create build and deployment environments for .net-based projects by using VSTS and Octopus.
Manage all production deployments and troubleshoot for DEV/QA/PROD deployment issues.
Maintain and improve automated build systems, creating new scripts or adding new functionality as needed to ensure consistent, repeatable builds.
Administered version control system created accounts, branching, merging, patch fixes, snapshots, and trained users on the SCM version control system. Sr. Build and Release Engineer at GlobalGate IT Sol. April 2016 to November 2016 Chantilly, VA
Responsibilities:
Supported development team in configuring software and applications.
Manage Jenkins (Hudson) to build Continuous Integration jobs, release jobs and deployment jobs.
Working with Continues Integration Builds on Jenkins and working with various environments like Linux, UNIX, and Windows.
Experience in debugging build and or automated test failures in a Continuous Integration.
Experience in working with Agile Methodologies, Test Driven Documentation, Code Analysis and Data Analysis.
Perform upgrades and maintenance on our Ubuntu & Amazon Linux servers.
Integrated GitHub into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process.
Responsible for User Management, Plugin Management, and End-to-end automation of build, backup, and recovery processes in Jenkins.
Work with all stakeholders in the development, QA, product, and partner support to assemble cross-organizational project teams, tracking progress and delivering towards release milestones.
Working with the development team on enforcing source control strategies, building, packaging and deployment of products.
System Build and Release Engineer at CloudFabrix. July 2015 to March 2016 Pleasanton, CA
Responsibilities:
Designed and Wrote Parallel Desired State Configuration Framework
Working with the Mobile Application Development Teams for both iOS and Android and helping them with Server management and Build engineering
Working with the Mobile Application Development Teams for both iOS and Android and helping them with Server management and Build engineering
Conducting security assessments and ensuring compliance with security standards and policies.
Manage Minor UAT and Staging deployments and troubleshoot for DEV/QA deployment issues.
Manages and monitors all installed systems and infrastructure for the organization to be in line with company guidelines or SOP (Standard Operating Procedures)
Evaluate the existing systems and provide the technical direction to IT support Staff. Certification
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals.
DB2 Database and Application Development by IBM.
IBM Certified Associate Developer &amp, Rational Application Developer.
Contact this candidate