Amanda Ashby
ad1yn8@r.postjobfree.com
804-***-****

Objective: Seeking to start a career in Project Management, using relevant skills honed through years of teaching and the UVA master’s program, such as time management, task analysis, needs assessments, problem-solving, utilizing technology, effective communication, documentation, and presentation.

Experience

8/2021 - Present Mathematics Teacher, Middle and High School Level
8/2010 - 6/2020

● Planned out yearly education goals into smaller segments, ultimately providing daily, weekly, monthly, and semester-based plans and activities.
● Differentiated lessons for multiple audiences based upon several criteria including learning style, disabilities, and language needs.
● Adapted homework and classwork to both paper and digital forms to assist students in completing assignments in the most effective way for their own circumstances and style.
● Leader of the 8th grade teacher team and the Algebra I Professional Learning Community (PLC), which included keeping track of meeting agendas, time keeping, scheduling, and keeping discussion on track.
● Used and mentored others in the proper usage of education-related programs such as Google Classroom, Canvas, Schoology, ALEKS, ixl.com, and StudyIsland, as well as more general applications such as Google Workspace and Microsoft Office.
● Collaborated with other teachers to design and implement curriculum including daily lessons and units.
● Created digital forms and systems to track student progress.
● Used knowledge of JavaScript for some customization of forms and data inputs from students.
● Generated graphical representations of data including charts and tables for parents and administrators.
● Communicated with parents and students with weekly updates.
● Worked to effectively create an understanding between parents and the necessary goals of the curriculum in a persuasive manner.
● Handled de-escalation of conflict between students, and between parents and staff.

Education

9/2017-8/2020
University of Virginia
Curry School of Education
Master's in Education Curriculum and Instruction with a concentration in Educational Technologies.
●Created and completed task analysis and objectives for compiling data for a needs assessment
●Used outcomes from needs assessment to develop storyboards, instructional strategies, and digital training programs

8/2005-5/2010
Longwood University
Liberal Studies Bachelor's Degree, concentrations in Mathematics and English, endorsement in Algebra I, Math Minor
President’s List 2010
Contact this candidate