Kristopher Napier
IT Managing Director with DOD Cybersecurity Certification
Green Cove Springs, FL 32043 ad1zxv@r.postjobfree.com +1-904-***-****

Experienced IT Executive (Certified MCSE+S CompTIA+S CMMC 2.0 (RP) B.C.B.A.)
Accomplished Global IT Operations Manager with a track record of effectively overseeing international teams, contracts, MIS/MSP, and projects in the information technology and services industry within Manufacturing and Financial environments. Talented in leveraging ITSM and vendor partnerships to achieve strategic goals. Demonstrates expertise in Office 365, CRM/ERP platforms (Salesforce), and project methodologies (Agile, Waterfall, JIRA). Recognized for client-first services, successful management of diverse software applications, and a commitment to continuous improvement. Certified professional in networking, SAAS, SDLC, systems administration, and cybersecurity, with a strong presence in engineering and operations.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Managing Director of Information Technology
Fincantieri Marine Systems N.A. - Jacksonville, FL (August 2022 to October 2023)
Led and managed the information technology function across three countries and four sites. Spearheaded the development and implementation of the IT vision, strategy, and roadmap aligned with the company's goals. Collaborated with senior management to identify and prioritize IT initiatives supporting business growth. Oversaw day-to-day IT operations, ensuring the availability, reliability, and security of systems. Managed a team of IT professionals, enforced IT policies, and maintained compliance with regulatory requirements and DOD NIST annual regulator compliance. Led the design and implementation of scalable and secure IT infrastructure, managed vendor relationships, and stayed updated on technological advancements for enhanced efficiency and cybersecurity.

Virtual Chief Information Officer
NETGAIN TECHNOLOGIES LLC - Jacksonville, FL (August 2021 to August 2022)
Served as the client CIO for 40 clients, formulating strategic IT goals, planning budgets, and facilitating technology changes. Maintained and secured existing IT infrastructure, provided forward-looking services for innovation, business success, and revenue generation. Applied technical expertise to Java deployed applications on various platforms (Linux/Windows, Azure, AWS).

DOD Compliance Engineer (NIST/ FARS / DEFARS)
CMMC - AB (RP) (January 2018 to Present)
Led a gap analysis team across the U.S., identifying scope and deficiencies at client sites. Educated clients on cost-effective ways to achieve and maintain network and IT business compliance. Instructed clients on vulnerability/risk assessment analysis (NIST800/ FARS / DEFARS) and prepared documentation, including POAM, SSPs, Risk Assessment Reports, C&A packages, and System Requirements Traceability Matrices.

U.S. Regional Operations and Senior Project Manager
HCL Technologies America - Jacksonville, FL (January 2017 to January 2021)
Managed contract accounts, ensured continuous process improvement, and provided reporting using Excel and Access databases. Responsible for remote management of 30 sites across North America and Europe. Oversaw operating budgets, trained mid-level managers, and focused on client-first culture. Managed projects, audits, quality control, vendor management, and human resources.

MIS Service Desk Manager and Senior Systems Engineer/Major Project Manager
NetTech Consultants - Jacksonville, FL (January 2016 to January 2017)
Managed service desk personnel, ensuring performance met client expectations. Coordinated urgent support issues, oversaw ticket escalation processes, and provided data reporting on KPIs and trends. Drove deep dives on identified problems and developed strategies for improvement.

Regional Director of Information Technology
Orion Engineered Services (A Division of Orion Energy Systems) - Jacksonville, FL (January 2008 to January 2016)
Managed IT and engineering departments, including vendor contracts, help desk, R&D, inventory, supply chain logistics, and facility management. Led teams in delivering projects across multiple business units, adhering to SDLC control guidelines. Successfully completed a National Ford Dealership "power assessment" project worth 1.2 billion over 5 years on time and under budget.

Senior Server and Network Support Engineer
Merrill Lynch Bank of America / US Trust - Jacksonville, FL (September 2006 to January 2008)
Supervised and managed tickets, requests, incidents, and problems across the nation. Provided data reporting on KPIs and trends to senior executives. Monitored and managed ticket queues and reviewed survey feedback for service improvement.

National IT Operations Manager and Senior Network Systems Engineer
United States Navy (Civilian) - Jacksonville, FL (September 2002 to September 2006)
Managed 14 sites with military instructors and support staff, overseeing hardware and software modules. Supported security authorization activities in compliance with NSA/CSS Information System Certification and Accreditation Process (NISCAP) and Risk Management Framework (RMF). Configured and updated military network equipment, Dell, server, SQL, and Exchange.

Education
University of North Florida – BA and MBA

Skills
Expert in ITSM
Research and Development
Proficient in managing multiple Help Desk software packages, Service Ques, and Ticket resolution.
Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM)
Managing Cloud-based digital banking platform initiatives (e.g., Salesforce CRM, Agile, Excel, SharePoint)
Expert skill set in Contract Management and Vendor Management.
Certified Cybersecurity Analyst ISSO/ISSM
Inventory, Hardware
Customer Sales, Support, and Client Service with Project Management expertise in Network Architecture and Infrastructures.
Network, Advanced IT Systems and Network Analyst
Information Systems Administrator
Cyber Threat Intelligence
Microsoft and CompTIA multidiscipline Certified Engineer
Office and Windows 365 (Cloud)
Azure, GOOGLE Space and AWS
Network Firewalls
Microsoft Windows Server, Network Security
Business Requirements, SDLC, DNS
Microsoft Windows, Business Continuity Planning
AWS, Jira, System Security
APIs, Microsoft SQL Server
Network Administration, CI/CD

Certifications and Licenses
MCSE+S
MCSA
MCP
CompTIA Security+
CompTIA A+
CMMC 2.0 (RP) NIST/FARS/DEFARS
Fundamentals of Engineering Professional Engineer
Contact this candidate