Sr. Project Manager
Analytical, Innovative Thinker & Leader with Strong Process Orientation
Offers the following experience and achievements:

Experienced Project Manager of Large Scale Enterprise Level Projects
Experienced, Detail-oriented and Self-motivated Project Manager with 17 years of experience, driving multi-million dollar projects, leading effective project teams. Experience with Microsoft Project and Project Server, PowerPoint Presentations, Reporting, Project Management Office experience (PMO).

Possessing Senior-Level Systems Engineering & Administration Experience including
Managing LAN & WAN Network Administration, Security, Backup & Telecom Support, Overseeing Daily Operation Environment, Ensuring Stability & Scalability of Production Environment, Deploying New Products & Services into Production Consistent with Project Management and Change Control Guidelines, Reporting on Service Level Commitments, Managing After Hours & On-Call Support, Managing Resource Allocation, Establishing Maintenance Schedules to Achieve High Availability & Performance

Managing Construction of Technical Work Facility for $1 Billion Organization
Proposed & Managed Implementation of $750,000 Wireless Technology Solutions Project

Managing Infrastructure to Support $1 Billion Corporation & Achieving 98.9%+ Uptime of Critical Systems
Holding Responsibility for System Installation & Configuration, Network Architecture, Storage & Directory Services
Supporting, planning and managing multiple technical systems and infrastructure projects for the enterprise
Managing Large Scale Datacenter, Datacenter Migrations with focuses on Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity
Building & Leading High Performing Application Engineering, DBA & System Engineering Teams
Managing Large-Scale to Small-Scale IT Projects to Support 23 Departments

Holding B.S. Degree along with Formal Project Management Education & UCI Certification, MCSE 2000, MCP 2000, Network+, A+ Certifications

INSIGHT ENTERPRISES - Sr. Project Manager 02/20 – 12/23
Responsible as a Sr. IT Project Manager for Project Management Office (PMO). I assisted in implementing solutions for various companies that engaged Insight to implement offered technology products and services. The major areas of focus have been Data Center Migrations, Greenfield Wireless Network Implementations, Network Backbone Refresh, Cisco ISE Implementations, Greenfield Active Directory Implementations, UCS & VMWare Upgrade and Hardening, Office 365 Email Migrations, Microsoft Dynamics Implementations, Microsoft Azure Cloud and various other solutions.

PCM, INC. – Sr. Project Manager 04/19 – 02/20
Responsible as a Sr. IT Project Manager for Project Management Office (PMO). I assisted in implementing solutions for various companies that engaged PCM to implement offered technology products and services. PCM was purchased by Insight Enterprises. The major areas of focus have been Data Center Migrations, Greenfield Wireless Network Implementations, Network Backbone Refresh, Office 365 Email Migrations and various other solutions.

KILPATRICK CONSULTING – IT Consultant 01/01 – 12/16
Providing IT Consulting Services to Enterprise level clients in the areas of: IT Management, IT Operations, IT Support, IT Program Management, IT Project Management, at times requiring non-disclosure agreements

EPICOR SOFTWARE - Program/ Sr. Project Manager 06/16 – 12/16
Provided the services as a Program Manager, as program manager required to track the status of and report to Sr. Executives to include C-Level Executives, on program achievements, milestones and obstructions. Additionally, duties included Sr. Project Manager for Project Management Office (PMO) role for key initiatives to discover roles and responsibilities for business process and the creation of Technology Standards for future considerations of technology.
List of Successfully Completed Projects – (SPoF) Single Point of Failure, Data Center Audit (Server & Storage, Cisco Network), Infosys Improvement, Cloud Roles and Responsibilities, Technology Standardization, Organizational Modeling, Competitive Analysis, Industry Certifications (InfoSec).

KILPATRICK CONSULTING - DEFENSE CONTRACTING FIRM – Sr. IT Project Manager 03/14 – 12/15
Performed as a Sr. IT Project Manager for Project Management Office (PMO) I assisted in the completion of several high-value critical projects that were required to allow the company to meet and complete specific governmental obligations and contracts. A non-disclosure agreement surrounds this contract and no further information may be disclosed.
List of Successfully Completed Projects – SharePoint Upgrade, Windows Deployment Server, ERP Upgrade, MS Office 2013 upgrade, Web Portal Redesign.

HCL America Toyota Financial Services 07/13 – 12/13
Functioning as Service Delivery Manager my duties included managing the on-site leads for each IT technical tower to ensure service delivery met with client expectation and met with negotiated SLA’s. I managed the day to day initiatives for change Management to the infrastructure to validate requirements while ensuring the technical teams met the company/ client standards for Release Management. I communicated and managed violations to the change management policy to ensure that auditing would be passed, brought Technical Leads and associates up to speed on where these issues were occurring and how to remediate them.

HCL America The Disney Company 01/13 – 06/13
As Service Delivery Manager I was the single point of contact for the client in Anaheim with a distributed resources pool covering the Greater Los Angeles Area, Orlando Fl. and India off-shore. My responsibilities included providing updates and communication to the governing IT body in Anaheim regarding changes and initiatives to the infrastructure. I coordinated client requests to remote or off-shore resources for implementation and providing direction to on-site resources for coordinated activities and all escalations.

HCL America Ingram Micro 05/12 – 12/12
Functioning as Service Deliver Manager I was the single point of contact for client management seeking IT support. I managed technical teams in maintaining system support and providing the necessary IT interface in developing communication and cooperation with client departments. Supervised the day-to-day operations of technical towers and engineers, setting specific customer service standard. Daily review of all technical and customer service items processed by the company to ensure resolution meets customer standards and issues are fully resolved via issue management system.

I ensured resource availability, capabilities and capacity to meet both existing and new business demands. Initiated actions through the Change Management process necessary to improve or maintain levels of service, negotiated agreements for the initial contents, service levels, produced regular reports of service achievements to users and Senior Management, held monthly meetings with client representatives to jointly review service levels and discuss possible areas of improvement. Provided quality service to client by being the resident IT interface for all IT services provided regardless of the IT discipline. Acted at pro-temp project manager for projects to include code deployments to achieve timely completion.

DIRECTOR, IT SERVICES (Technical/ Operations) - InHouseIT 02/10 – 04/10
InhouseIT is a Managed Services Company supporting over 300 small to medium sized local businesses within Orange County and the surrounding areas. As a member of the Management Team reporting to the VP of Professional Services my primary responsibility was ensuring organizational effectiveness by providing leadership for the organization's IT Services Department with regards to account management, client retention and service delivery.

Directed the day-to-day operational, financial and support aspects of the department. Minimized company IT exposure and risk across multiple clients. Developed account management and retention programs, posse a thorough understanding of our service offerings, technical preferences, and technical direction. Developed, implemented and maintains process and workflow documentation. Measured client satisfaction via industry best practice methods & ensured.

Reviews high-level deliverables across all clients, assisted in the evaluation and redesign of IT offerings, ensured accurate invoicing pre and post project. Reviewed financial data for practice and sought ways to maximize revenue. Analyzed profitability, revenue, margins, bill rates and utilization across service delivery teams and report results to client CIO’s.

SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER/ PROJECT MANAGER - Citi 01/07 – 06-/09
Citi (Argent Mortgage purchased by Citi) is a sub-prime mortgage lender with staffing of 1500 IT employees across all 50 states purchased all IT assets and intellectual property of Argent Mortgage.
Management of on-site IT personnel (22) and contractors (44) to maintain and decommission of all IT assets and resources for the closure of the business once all proprietary information had been migrated to Citi Mortgage.
Managed day-to-day operation of all systems and services in the infrastructure for the company. Oversee infrastructure comprised of 364 servers and 3000 workstations. Prime duties include responding to service outages to correct system issues and restore services in a timely manner while maintaining stability of the production environment.
Achieved 98.9%+ Uptime of Critical Systems – Implemented continual monitoring of key business applications used to notify support personnel when critical systems were or had failed. Innovation achieved annual uptime for business critical applications of 98.9% or greater. Provide reporting on SLA’s to ensure support requirements are met.
List of Successfully Completed Projects – Business Continuity, Datacenter Closure, Data warehouse Migration, System Consolidation/ Decommissioning, Site Closures.

SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER/ PROJECT MANAGER - Ameriquest Argent Mortgage 08/03 – 12-/06
Argent Mortgage (part of ACC/ Ameriquest Capital Holdings purchased by Citi Group) is a sub-prime mortgage lender with staffing of 1500 IT employees across 3 production centers in 3 states.
Managed day-to-day operation of all systems and services in the IT Infrastructure for company generating revenues of $1 billion annually. Oversee infrastructure comprised of 364 servers and 3000 workstations. Prime duties include responding to service outages to correct system issues and restore services in a timely manner while maintaining stability of the production environment.
I provided oversight of all new projects to ensure implementation was consistent with company practices and standards across 23 departments. Coordinated with business units to establish maintenance windows and served as First Contact Resource for outages to provide on-call support.
Achieved 98.9%+ Uptime of Critical Systems – Implemented continual monitoring of key business applications used to notify support personnel when critical systems were or had failed. Innovation achieved annual uptime for business critical applications of 98.9% or greater. Provide reporting on SLA’s to ensure support requirements are met.
Lead teams comprised of Application Engineers, Database Administrators, Systems Engineers, Storage Engineers, Network Engineers for the purpose of remediating outages that impacted the business.
Provide management and oversight of over $9 million in IT assets in a Tier III Enterprise level datacenter. Manage day-to-day usage and accountability of all systems and final disposition of all equipment being decommissioned.
List of Successfully Completed Projects – Creation of New Server Room MDF, 3rd Party Circuit Review for Cost Savings Efforts, Windows Active Directory 03 Upgrade, Spectrum Monitoring Implementation, SharePoint Implementation, Batch Engine Rewrite, Business Continuity, Blackberry Upgrade, Citrix Migration, Clear Quest Implementation, Linux Kickstart Deployment, CME Implementation, JBOSS Windows to Linux Migration, Datacenter Closure, Solar Winds Implementation, Data power Implementation, Data warehouse Migration, System Consolidation/ Decommissioning, Document Engine, Document Engine to Linux Migration, Document Engine Upgrade, Empower Migration, First Logic Implementation, Vender Based FTP Implementation, Infrastructure Naming Convention Update, Loan Genius Implementation, Loan Genius Migration, Citrix Separation, Corporate Systems Monitoring Implementation, NetCashe Implementation, Network Redesign, Olympus Business Acquisition & IT Migration, Oracle 10g Migration, Production Systems Migration from CA to CO Datacenter, SAN Implementation, SQL Migrations, SQL Upgrade to 05, WebEx Implementation, XP Desktop Rollout, Ameriquest Business Acquisition & IT Migration, Equipment Disposition & Disposal.

IT CONSULTANT – Kilpatrick Consulting
Accredited Home Lenders - San Diego & Orange County 05/01 – 07/03
A sub-prime mortgage company with staffing of 3000+ personnel with offices in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego Counties.
Managed Construction of Technical Work Facility – Proposed and managed construction of new technical work area facility to include asset storage, imaging solution, and physical security of company property, for firm generating revenues of $1 billion annually.
Proposed and managed $750,000 purchase/ implementation project of $750,000 wireless technology solutions for corporate office and national sales force. Managed vendor relations and negotiated savings totaling $310,000, acquired demo units for configuration and testing. Created user documentation for wireless solution to support team of 620 sales professionals. Provided technical support for multiple office locations.

City of Anaheim 02/01 – 05/01
Constructed, installed, configured and troubleshot IBM compatibles across 3 buildings. Successfully cut overall number of outstanding issues for each of the 3 buildings from over 100 issues per building to less than 10 per building in 3 months. Cut 300 outstanding issues to less than 30 in 3 months
Administration of Multiple Networks, Installed, configured and administered NT 4 domains in an environment comprised of over 25 servers spread over 7 separate networks with approximately 2500 users. Provided day-to-day support of desktop systems for connectivity issues, email connection problems, internet connectivity, Dialup VPN connectivity, and user education, all to eliminate repeat mistakes. Assigned to resolve issues others had not been able to correct in more than 90 days. Managed VPN user setup and configuration for laptops using dialup connectivity. Installed and repaired mainboards, processors, memory, fans, power supplies, expansion cards, hard drives, DVD-ROMS, floppy drives, and zip drives.
Consulted on county projects ranging up to $150,000 – Provided consulting services for a 3-county region working closely with CIOs and Directors of IT on projects ranging from $75,000 to $150,000

Crown Bolt – 01/01 – 02/01
Upgraded Security Protection - Resolved Issues Onsite Technicians Could Not Resolve – Managed upgrade of corporate-wide anti-virus protection. Analyzed various software applications to include, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Exchange for corruption issues, provided troubleshooting support that onsite technicians could not fix.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science – Political Science (Minor International Relations), Utah State University - 95-97
Project Management Certificate, University of California Irvine - 05-06
Network Master Program – International Consortium of Technology Professionals (ICTP) Completed areas of study: A+, Network +, CCNA, CCND, CCNP, CCDP, SQL 2000, Exchange 2000, SCSA, SCNA – 01-02

CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Certified Professional 2000 (MCP 2000)
Network Plus Certified Networking Professional (Network+)
A Plus Certified Service Technician (A+)
Project Management Certification (UCI)

SKILLS
Leadership – able to lead project teams as well as manage them, able to inspire others, set the vision and lead effectively.
Negotiation – able to exercise good negotiation skills to resolve conflicts by finding win-win scenarios.
Scheduling – skilled at creating and managing project schedules.
Cost Control – able to deliver projects within the cost constraints and manage project finances intelligently.
Risk Management – able to identify, analyze and responding to risks that arises over the project life cycle to help the project remain on track and meet its goal.
Critical Thinking - able to make good decisions, to weigh up the pros and cons of solutions to problems before choosing the right way forward.
Communication – skilled at using all forms and types of methods of keeping both project teams and executive up to speed and in the loop when it comes to status, issues and successes the project team faces.
Project Recovery – skilled at assessing poorly performing project teams and projects and then implementing solutions to bring both back into line with the set vision and project goals.
Task Management - able to create a task list, delegate work to others and keep on top of progress.

Quality Management – skilled at delivering a product that is fit for purpose of the project sponsor.
Meeting Management – skilled at creating clear meeting agendas and ensuring that time is not wasted and that all material is quickly and comprehensively addressed.
Sense of Humour – I like to ensure that I don’t take myself to seriously while focusing on the goals of the project, and to see when it might be needed to help keep the project team motivated.

ADDITIONAL SUMMARY OF MANIGERIAL & TECHNICAL SKILLS

Capable of managing IT support staff, both onsite and offshore, identifying and hiring IT staff for key positions, managing day to day support efforts, setting priorities of work efforts for IT support staff.
Identifying and managing new IT initiatives, mapping project scope and level of effort required for successful completion of, new IT projects, day to day operations, regular maintenance, and break-fix initiatives.
Solid project management skills: Communication, Negotiation, Team Management, Risk Management, Project
Management Software, Documentation, Microsoft Office, Leadership, Delegation, Organization, Public Speaking, Problem Solving, Conflict Resolution, Planning.
Experienced with entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for solution delivery.
Project Management Office (PMO) experience.
Excellent English written and verbal communication skills
Strong Analytic, Documentation, and Organizational Skills
Efficient with multitasking between multiple projects
Data Analysis Skills (Report Formatting, and analysis)
Proficiency in all Microsoft products including: MS Project, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Visio and SharePoint 2013
Experienced using Project Server 2013
Oversee the operations of the business continuity plan to ensure no-fail 24X7 environments.
Build, execute, and maintain project schedules, assemble project teams, assign individual responsibilities, and identify appropriate resources needed for successful project completion.
Recruit, mentor and coach a highly collaborative hi-performance IT teams.
Lead new integrations and implementations of technologies and IT service projects.
Managed IT teams in guaranteeing that all IT related issues concerning internal/external audits/security and systems controls are in compliance, tested and documented.
Ability to set goals, organize, and prioritize and mange time efficiently.
Excellent communication with support teams, C-level executives, supervisors and clients.
Strong ability to understand and leverage new technologies, and coordinate support staff to meet business goals.
Extensive experience in routing protocols (TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, RIP, IGRP), access lists (IP, Extended), configuration of interfaces (Ethernet, ISDN, Serial, Frame), and security (PAP, CHAP, VLAN, VPN).
Proficient with Microsoft Windows 9x, 7, 2000, 2003, 10, Novell 5.1 in regards to design, installation, configuration, administration and troubleshooting.
Proficient: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS Visio, Adobe Acrobat, MS Project, MS SharePoint
Contact this candidate