Julie Malone
United States 541-***-**** ad25bi@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSION EXPERIENCE:

Customer Service Associate, 5/2022 - 9/2023
Fiserv, Remote (WFH)
●Engage in customer experience when assisting merchants with their point-of-sale (POS) terminals through updates, new downloads, or collaborate with delivery team to order terminal replacements due to product and/or service lifecycle.
●Use SharePoint and internal tools for solutions to terminal errors.
●Be the voice of Fiserv to market replacement POS terminals and supplies.
●Offer customer service surveys to provide product and customer service experience.
●Provide latest innovative information about the product’s technology to assist merchants when ordering new terminals.
●Use Microsoft Teams for chatting and regular sessions between other team members.
●Use LinkedIn to post articles on Fiserv’s products.

Customer Service Representative, 8/2021 - 2/2022
TCS, Remote (WFH)
●Assist policyholders with questions regarding their life insurance policies and beneficiaries with life insurance claims using a Mainframe system.

Sr. Technical Advisor, 7/2016 - 2/2021
IBEX Global, Spring Hill, TN
●Be the voice of Apple to market new products when current products malfunction.
●Take ownership of escalations until a resolution is met.
●Focus on each customer’s experience by listening and probing to understand the issue at hand to find the best solution for their device or computer.
●Customer engagement when providing consumers technical assistance on the functionality of their devices and computers to gain access to their technology.
●Educate consumers on the process of updating their personal accounts.
●Strive to resolve 100% startup issues through a four-step methodological process.
●Mentor/coach new advisors on incoming calls for accuracy, logging cases, and quality.

Technical Coordinator, 5/2009 - 5/2016
Elemental Escapes, L.P., Highlands Ranch, CO
●Extensive experience researching client product information, mission, values, and financials.
●Designed PowerPoint slides to introduce the company’s mission, values, and services.
●Create spreadsheets to track expenditures and billing.
●Use cloud storage to manage documents, records, and organization.
●Utilize project management to track team progress and schedules.

Remote Technical Support, 3/2006 – 10/2008
Siemens IT Solutions, Tigard, OR
Project: Assist Freightliner trucking company.
●Manage and trained 12 help desk analysts remotely.
●Audit and manage logistics of all case lifecycles for discrepancies, trend analysis, forecast, misroutes, escalations, or delays to address improvement opportunities and better customer experience.
●Collaborate between onsite technical team, technical support, call coordinators, and regional managers to manage quality control and contract compliance.
●Install/test software programs via remote: SQL, MS Office, DB2 Connect, Lotus Notes, etc.
●Research issues using SharePoint, knowledgebase articles, intranet and Internet.

EDUCATION:

MS in Legal Administration
University of Denver, 2012-2014

MBA in Environmental Policy and Management
University of Denver, 2010-2012

Bachelor of Science in Business in Organizational Innovation
University of Phoenix – graduated 2009
Studied project management, information technology, marketing, and communication.

MILITARY:

Logistical and Financial Management Specialist
United States Navy Reserves, Veteran - Honorable Discharge
Served eight years as a Navy reservist during Desert Storm
Audit and contract management of over $1 million of military inventory invoices (issued spare parts,
clothing and ship supplies per service lifecycle) and distribution of shipping supplies for sustainability and governmental contractual terms on military financial management software.
●Assign to shore-based warehouses and naval air stations in either personnel, medical, or legal department.
●Assist active-duty commands in shipboard inventories and inspection preparation.
●Oversee financial and inventory records for shipyard parts.
●Direct personnel who receive inventory and issue supplies and equipment.
Contact this candidate