Professional Resume
ad254l@r.postjobfree.com
586-***-****
Page 1
PAUL GLENN MILLER
***** * **** *****, ******, MI 48044
SUMMARY
Paul is a licensed pharmacist in the State of Michigan with current practice experience in hospital, specialty, and long-term care pharmacies, which includes immunization, IV infusion, chemotherapy, formulary control and medication therapy management (MTM) programs. He has worked with drug utilization review / fraud and abuse systems, third party prescription plans, government health programs, patient medication safety programs, one-line claim adjudication, electronic health records (EHR), Medicare Part D & Medicaid, software testing, and e- prescribing systems (eRx).
He has overseen Prior Authorization process, worked with insurers and providers to resolve prescription fraud and abuse. Served as a business and IT technical consultant to numerous clients in the hospital, retail, insurance, pharmaceutical, biotechnology and life sciences industries. Paul is a certified, experienced project manager (PMP) and Information Technology
(IT / DBA) professional with strong interpersonal, communication, presentation, organization, and planning skills. Paul is accomplished in all aspects of hospital, retail, home infusion, and specialty pharmacy services.
EDUCATION
Masters Certificate, Project Management, George Washington University (01/2000)
Masters Certificate, IT System Architect / Database Administrator, Boeing Computer Services (06/1986)
Master of Science, Hospital Pharmacy Administration, Wayne State University (06/1980)
Bachelor of Science, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Wayne State University (06/1970) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Contract Consultant Specialty Pharmacist
February 2014 – Present
Recently completed a 3 month contract as a pharmacist (through MEDIX) at CVS/Omnicare providing pharmaceutical care, review, prescriptions, TPN/IV admixtures, infusions, and medical supplies to patients residing within their nationwide network of skilled nursing homes. Worked a 3 month consultant contract at Kindred LTAC Hospital in Metro Detroit.
Provided in home MTM Services to United HealthCare patients through Dovetail Health Care Services as, well as providing in house MMR Services for outstate nursing homes.
Professional duties include dispensing, monitoring therapeutic plans, patient consultations, immunizations, and monitoring patient outcomes, home infusion, specialty pharmacy svcs.
Contract manager for Baxter in the testing and FDA certification of ABACUS software..
Active member of the Michigan Pharmacist Association serving on the Committee for Patient Medication Safety.
Worked as a Part-Time Floater in Retail and Hospital Pharmacy, during semi-retirement.
Currently working as a Pharmacist Consultant to Universal Software a provider of Health Data Management Systems
Professional Resume
Page 2
Karmanos Cancer Center – Detroit Medical Center
Manager, Ambulatory Pharmacy Infusion Services
January 2009 – February 2014
Responsible for supervision of two suburban Detroit off-site and one Central ambulatory chemotherapy infusion pharmacies.
Responsible for handling Medicare Part D and Prior Authorization problems with providers.
Supervised and coordinated the activity of 30 Pharmacy Technicians and 20 Pharmacists.
Managed the operational, clinical and financial activities of offsite infusion centers.
Coordinated department activities to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, JCAHO requirements, Continuity of Care, and KCC’s policies and procedures.
Coordinated Bar Code Medication Feasibility Program.
Responsible for formulary development for after-care providers, including hospice.
Works in the inpatient pharmacy, and IV prep lab on a regular basis.
Serves as a subject matter expert to the IT department with regard to the Michigan Health Information Network (MiHIN / ONC).
Used Cerner Pharmnet, EHR, CPOE and other associated software on a daily basis.
Served on the Michigan Pharmacist Association Committee on Patient Medication Safety, as well as the USP committee on Nomenclature.
Provides drug education to Pharmacy staff, physicians, nurses and patients
Responsible for the proper disposition and documentation of recalled drugs, investigational drugs and controlled substances
Participated in budget preparation, prepared budgets (revenue, personnel, capital and expense).
Served on formulary and safety committees to provide benefit of medication use expertise
Responsible for ensuring Joint Commission requirements are met for treatment of patients and pharmaceutical services.
Implements policies and programs to meet the patient needs while meeting surveying bodies’ standards and State and Federal law.
Walgreen Pharmacy
Licensed Clinical Pharmacist
September 2006 – January 2009
Provided pharmaceutical care to patients in a retail pharmacy setting.
Duties included dispensing, monitoring therapeutic plans, patient consultations, immunizations, and monitoring patient outcomes.
Oversaw Prior Authorization process, worked with insures and providers to resolve any issues . Worked outstate Michigan stores in West Branch, Prudenville, Clare.
Experienced in the use of on-line pharmacy claims adjudication systems.
Served as a guest speaker at Michigan Pharmacy Association (MPA) Conventions and annual meetings on the use of Internet and web-enabled systems which provide pharmacists access to various sources of health care information.
Served 5 years as the ‘biotechnology / emerging technology’ editorial consultant to the American Pharmacists Association (APhA) Editorial Advisory Board for the monthly journal – Pharmacy Today.
Professional Resume
Page 3
IBM Business Consulting Services-Life Sciences & Healthcare Sector Manager, Project Manager, Technical Consultant (retired) July 1996 – September 2006
Responsible for providing healthcare business consulting support for Project Managers at Massachusetts General Hospital and Washington Hospital Center contracts.
Served as subject matter expert (SME) in HIPAA, Clinical Pharmacy, Six-Sigma Safe and Lean, Hospital Pharmacy, Pervasive Computing, Bar Coding, RFID, EHR, and Clinical / Laboratory / Patient Information Systems. Five years experience with Rational Testing SW.
Defined user requirements for electronic medical record system (EMR), and translated those requirements into functional specifications for software development.
Configured clinical content for online pharmacy system orderables and workflow rules.
Provided services relating to the data and information requirements in the pharmaceutical, and biotech industry.
Reviewed client’s data use, management, backup and archival systems and prepared business cases for the management of IT systems in the event of a large scale disaster.
Developed requirements for State Medicaid agencies regarding fraud and abuse monitoring of physicians and pharmacies for contracts with IBM and associated business partners.
Responsible for developing the drug order transaction interphase to the pharmacy system.
Served as project manager at IBM-Watson Research Center to develop a web-enabled application system for hosting a protein, genome, and pattern discovery database search engine application developed by IBM scientists at the Computational Biology Center (CBC). Paul served as a consultant to The Institute for Genomic Research (TIGR). Blue Cross / Blue Shield of Michigan (BCBSM)
Project Lead, Health Systems Consultant, Contractor for Analysts International Corp. January 1994 – December 1995
Participated in the maintenance programming of the Drug Risk Analysis Management System (DRAMS). Modified and improved the RX Data Models of the BCBSM prescription benefits programs in order to comply with the National Council of Prescription Drug programs (NCPDP) universal claims processing standards. Participated in prescription fraud and abuse program data modeling for on-line and near-time systems. Health Alliance Plan (HAP) of Michigan
Project Manager, Healthcare Consultant, Contractor for Analysts International Corp. January 1996 – July 1996
Developed a corporate plan to convert current RDBMS hardware and software to Open Systems Technology. Implemented the use of Unix/Oracle 7 software on HAP’s Decision Support System (DSS), for use in HEDIS reporting. Implemented the plan to integrate Oracle7 DSS for ‘ad hoc’ reporting throughout the Multi-Server Novell Network. Professional Resume
Page 4
Compuware Corporation
Technical Support Representative-Healthcare
September 1986 – December 1995
Responsible for providing Technical Field Support, on-site installation and implementation of system software tools to domestic, clients in the areas of hospital, healthcare and pharmaceutical, manufacturing, banking, and insurance industries. Pharmaceutical Industry Consultant
Clinical Trial Research Consulting, LLC., Contractor for Analysts International Corp. January 1981 – September 1986
Contract consultant responsible for developing research protocols for Phases I to III Human clinical trials. Instrumental in assisting in the filing of New Drug Applications (NDA). Served as Subject Matter Expert in all aspects of cGMP, cGLP, and cGCP. Kansas Department of Social Services/Medicaid
Director of Drug Utilization Review
September 1976 – December 1980
Designed, developed, and evaluated a drug use information, eligibility, provider billing, and payment system to monitor the prescribing practices of physicians, dispensing habits of pharmacists, and usage patterns of patients. Resultant first year Medicaid program savings were over 2.44 Million dollars. Developed grant proposals for the Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA) for research in prospective drug utilization review. He also provided reports to the Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare (DHEW) on the progress of the pharmacovigilence project. Initiated the establishment of an IMS computerized healthcare database, and related processing systems which assimilated and disseminated medical activity information to DHEW program auditors. Directed computer programmers, physicians and pharmacist peer review activity program committee activity, as well as coordinating development of quality assurance and cost containment systems for BC/BS, HCFA, and Health Maintenance Organizations (HMO) which resulted in the mutual acceptance of elevated standards of medical care and pharmacy practice. CERTIFICATIONS AND AWARDS
Licensed Pharmacist and Pharmacy Preceptor #530-***-**** – State of Michigan
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification – Project Management Institute (PMI)
Pharmacy Based Immunization Certification – American Pharmaceutical Association
Basic Cardiovascular Life Support Certification (BCLS-CPR) – Red Cross
Fellow, Academy of Applied Pharmacy Practice – Michigan Pharmacist Association
Practice Certificate Awards – American Pharmacist Association, Michigan Pharmacist Association, and Michigan Society of Health System Pharmacists
Certified Database Administrator and System Programmer – IBM Corporation Education Division
Fellow, American Society of Healthcare Pharmacists Professional Resume
Page 5
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS AND APPOINTMENTS
Technical Development Group for Michigan Health Information Network (MiHIN), 2009-2012
American Society of Health System Pharmacists (ASHP) o Active Member of the Pharmacy Informatics Special Interest Group (2009 – Present) o Contributing Reviewer ASHP Journal (2009 – 2013)
Drug Information Association (DIA)
American Pharmacists Association (APhA)
Health Information Management System Society (HIMSS) o Member of the Management Engineering – Process Improvement Workgroup
Project Management Institute (PMI) – Certification through 2014
Parenteral Drug Association (PDA), Institute of Validation Technology (IVT)
International Society of Oncology Pharmacy Practitioners (ISOPP)
Michigan Pharmacist Association
o Medication Safety Committee,
U.S. Pharmacopeial Convention (USP) – Committee-Nomenclature, Safety, and Labeling
Pharmacy Quality Alliance (PQA) – Member Medication Safety Workgroup (2009 – Present) MAINFRAME COMPUTER EXPERIENCE
• IBM Mainframe Skills COBOL, Oracle, DB2
• JCL, TSO, ISPF, SQL, Query CICS, IMS
• File-Aid, Abend-Aid, Xpediter CICS Playback, Radar
• IBM Utilities HIPAA / EDI Transactions
• SDLC Deliverables NASCO, PDM,
CERNER / EPIC EMR – PHARMACY EXPERIENCE
• Building Drug Protocols Inventory Customization
• Allergy / Drug Interaction / Database Mapping Bar Code Medication Administration
• Unit / Regression / Integration / Stress Testing CPOE, PharmNet, EHR HEALTH CARE SECTOR IT EXPERIENCE
• Medication Management Systems, EMR HIPAA, FDA Regulatory Compliance
• Hospital Pharmacy Dispensing Systems EDI, X12, HL7 Transaction Systems
• CPOE, EHR, Clinical Decision Support Systems Data Modeling, Database Design
• Document Management Systems Bio-Informatics, Bio-Statistics
• Continuity of Care Records/Document Systems Quality Assurance, Quality Control
• SPSS, SAS, Data Visualization Systems HEDIS/SQL/NCPDP Based Systems
• Purchasing, Personnel Scheduling Systems Pyxis/Omnicell/Cerner/Epic Systems
• Systems Integration Analysis Microsoft Office
• IBM Rational Software Testing Suite Medicare/Medicaid Claim Problems
• Baxter ABACUS TPN Systems
Professional Resume
Page 6
Paul G Miller, M.Sc., R.Ph
List of Professional References
John Gawryk Pharmacist Co-Worker
586-***-**** ad254l@r.postjobfree.com
Eric Ross Pharmacist Co-Worker
586-***-**** ad254l@r.postjobfree.com
Earl Hegeman Pharmacist Co-Worker
586-***-**** ad254l@r.postjobfree.com
586-***-****
Mike Palazollo Pharmacist Co-Worker-Detroit Receiving Hospital 586-***-**** ad254l@r.postjobfree.com
Larry Wagenknecht CEO, Michigan Pharmacist Association 517-***-**** Larry @MichiganPharmacists.org
Professional Resume
Page 7
Contact this candidate