Sandeep Gupta
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandeep-gupta-9b07313/

**** ******** *****
Piscataway, NJ 08854
917-***-****
ad2670@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE
IDEO, Senior Manager
Dec 2018 - Present

Achievements:
Implementation of Workday Finance, and other modules including HCM, Projects and Expenses.

Responsible for financial applications used in the organization including:
Expenses and Ledger. Workday was introduced and now responsible for Administration, configuration and setup for HCM, Projects, Finance and Expense and Reporting modules.

Responsible for converting data from Legacy systems like Bamboo (HCM), Mavenlink and HubSpot (Projects and Customers), Expensify (Expenses and Credit Cards) and MS Dynamics 365 (GL, Assets, Suppliers, Invoices) to workday format and loading the data as well.

Responsible for maintaining Finance modules related to General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Account Receivables, Suppliers, Customers, Settlements, Invoices, Expenses,

Responsible for managing offshore teams of developers, creating and managing requirements, managing development progress to make sure that projects are developed satisfactorily and delivered on time to client’s satisfaction. Also managed the software’s preferred vendors for very specific development needs.

New York University, New York — Manager
April 2013 - Dec 2018
Implemented some major systems used university wide related to University Finance and Customer Service. In-depth knowledge of the university eco-system and have been successful in cross department collaborations across the university. Majority of the applications have tight integrations with the University Finance System (PeopleSoft) and some other Key systems like HCM (Workday) and CSM (ServiceNow) at the University.
New York University, New York —Project Lead
April 2008 - March 2013
New York University, New York — Consultant
November 2005 - March 2008
Department of Health, New Jersey — Developer
August 2001 - November 2005
Instrumental in implementing the NJIIS - New Jersey Immunization Information System that tracks and schedules immunizations of participating kids in New Jersey.
SetFocus LLC, New Jersey — Developer
February 2001 - August 2001
Online Store is a prototype for an e-Commerce portal, which houses abilities to order books and related items. The administrative module was implemented using swing. The client side was implemented using Java server pages. The key aspect was an implementation of shopping carts for the client, which could be saved over various client sessions.
TCG, New Jersey — Developer
January 2000 - February 2001
eTraining is an intranet application that is used by TCG for keeping its consultants abreast with the technology turnover. The ever-changing technology panorama motivated TCG to start a project of this nature. eTraining was implemented using HTML, Java Swing and JDBC. The user interface is a Java Swing applet.

MAJOR PROJECTS

Workday Finance and Expenses
Fresh implementation of Workday at IDEO with conversion of data from Legacy systems. More than 2 million records were converted to be imported into Workday from systems like Dynamics 365 for Finance, Bamboo for HCM, Copper and HubSpot for Projects and CRM, Expensify for Expenses and Credit cards. New integrations with credit card companies were built to import transactional data for credit cards in 5 countries.

Responsible for Finance (AP, AR, Customer and Invoices, Suppliers and Invoices, General Ledger, Accounting, Intercompany transactions, Accounts, Tax and Tax Payments, Project Billing and Expenses, Financial Reports, Integrations with Power BI and other CRM systems, Fixed Assets, Year End and Month End Processes, Revenue Recognition.

Also managed the data import into Workday through EIBs. All Reporting requirements related to FInance and Expenses.
Payment Gateway (ePayments)
Payment processing middleware gateway build to process credit card transactions at the university. This gateway middleware also reconciles data with external processor, banks and provides reconciliation report at detailed level to all business units at NYU. Middleware also integrates with the financial system at NYU, creating journal entries for fee and revenue.
Budget Modification System (Budmod)
Budget Adjustment System that integrates real time with the financial system to NYU to validate the chartfields, calculating budget availability and posting the adjustments to the ledger after human approvals. System also integrates with HCM system for position budget management, posting adjustments to budget real time.Budmod is also used to load budgets.
Journal Entry Management System (JEMS)
JEMS is used by financial officers of the business units to post actuals to the financial system after the complicated approval process is completed. The chartfield validation and journal posting is real time.
AP Workflow
Expense Reimbursement system used by 15000+ university employees to submit their expenses. Requests can be tracked during the approval process and vouchers and payments can also be tracked.
Tuition Remission System
All eligible employees can submit tuition remission through the system which has integrations with the HCM (Workday) and the Student Systems for validations and rules related to policies.
Chartfield Access and Maintenance System
System checks and authorize users for access to Chartfields in the university FInancial environment. System also helps maintain chartfield components.
ServiceNow Implementation (ServiceLink)
ServiceNow is one of the most widely used application in the university for ticket tracking across multiple departments, business units and schools. All students (50000+), Administrative Staff (15000 +) and parents and vendors use it to Request Information or Report Incidents ranging from HR related Issues to Onboarding and System failures. Some other applications like CMDB, Knowledge Management have also been implemented.
SKILLS
Python, J2EE, Java, XML,REST, SOAP, JSON, PHP, JavaScript, HTML, XML, CSS, AJAX, Glide, Jelly, REST, SOAP, SQL
Workday (Finance, HCM, Projects, Expenses):
●Business Process
●Security
●Integrations
●Administration
●Configuration
●Conversion
●EIBs
●Reporting
●Prism
ServiceNow: Modules, Catalog Items, Workflows, CMS Objects, Portal, Custom Applications, MID Servers, Integrations, Web Services, Migration skills, Notifications and Inbound Email, SLA and Schedules, Script Includes, Access Controls, Business Rules, UI Macros, UI Actions, Client Scripts, etc.
Skillful at designing and implementing using OO concepts and design patterns.
Expertise in XML Technologies - DOM, SAX, XML Schemas and XSLT.
Involved in all aspects of Software Development Lifecycle including System Analysis, Design, Prototyping, Development, Unit and Integration testing.
Expertise in relational databases like Oracle, MS-SQL Server, MySQL. And PostgreSQL

CERTIFICATIONS
ITIL v3 Certification
ITIL Foundations V3 Certified, December 2007

MOR Associates
Emerging Leaders Program, May 2013

Sun Certified Java Programmer

Microsoft Certified Programmer (SQL Server 7.0 070-029)
LANGUAGES
English, Hindi, French and Spanish
SOME OTHER SYSTEMS
●Change Management
●Project Management
●Delegation of Authority
●IT Controls
●Receipt and Pledge Management
Contact this candidate