945-***-****
ad27f8@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/ruchi-garg-5906526a
Dallas, TX, USA
C O N T A C T P R O F I L E
S K I L L S
E D U C A T I O N
W O R K E X P E R I E N C E
SAP ABAP, SAP ECC, SAP S4 HANA
SAP SD/OTC, MM, FI, CDS, OData
Agile, Jira, Scrum methodology
Masters in Information Technology
Gujarat Law Society IT,
Ahmedabad, India
Specialization : Computer Science
Bachelors Degree
Nirma University,
Ahmedabad, India
Specialization : Instrumentation & Control Engg.
SAP Program Manager/ Technical Manager
Schneider Electric – Bangalore, India
Solution Expert for interfaces between SEA frontend and S4 Hana via SAP PO for SD/OTC module.
8+ E2E product & service fulfillment flows inclusive of everything from complex ETO to On-Demand Service.
Integration to 2 legacy fulfillment systems as well as additional integrations to our core quotation tool
Development of a full E2E Service Contracts solution including integration to legacy fulfillment system.
Development of custom FIORI reports with CDS views supporting both operational & financial data for our Service Contracts flow. Review, understand and align business processes in different plants in North America, Canada.
Coordinate all related tasks like design, schedule, action lists, quality, test and go live support.
SAFe Agile methodology was followed for this implementation and Jira tool was used.
Took part in cutover activities, UAT, go-live activities, Post go-live and hyper care support.
Jan 2016- May 2023
14+ Years of IT experience in Software design/development, Maintenance & Quality Assurance, end to end implementation with an expertise in SAP ABAP/HANA, getting business requirements and working on different SAP flows. I have a very good understanding of SAP and the different modules (SD, MM, PP, FI), OTC business process and SAP HANA and the areas that were worked under the same include Core ABAP objects (RICEF), Enhancements, Interfaces, Classes and integrations using Cross Application ALE/EDI/IDOC/BAPIs/SAP Proxies modules, OData Services, CDS Views, AMDP classes. Handled projects on SAFE Agile methodology and Jira for documenting the stories.
R U C H I G A R G
S R . S A P C O N S U L T A N T
SAP Technical Lead
Capgemini – Bangalore, India
Worked on multiple North America implementation projects in Capgemini, like Patterson companies serving the dental, veterinary and rehabilitation supply markets, LP Building Products which is a leading manufacturer of high quality building materials and chose to implement SAP to build upon robust, standardized processes where business teams analyze real-time data to execute focused business strategies, Aids Healthcare Foundation (AHF) which is the largest provider of healthcare and chose SAP as the ERP system to administer the back-office operations.
Responsible for all the data extraction from federated ERP’s (Source system) to SAP ECC (target System).
Development of interfaces between 3rd party system and SAP ECC. Worked on enhancements and interfaces when the data was replicated from CRM to ECC using OOPS ABAP.
Sept 2012 -Dec 2016
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
SAP Certified Development Specialist –
ABAP for SAP HANA 2.0
Agile certification - SAFe 5 Practitioner
Exam (5.1)
Sun Certified Programmer for Java 2
Platform
945-***-****
ad27f8@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/ruchi-garg-5906526a
Dallas, TX, USA
C O N T A C T
S R . S A P C O N S U L T A N T
W O R K E X P E R I E N C E
E X P E R T I S E
R E F E R E N C E S
Participated in functional discussions,
program decisions and conflict
resolutions and took ownership of
design, development, implementation,
change management for all the POC’s
related to interfaces with respect to
ERP.
Excellent communication, negotiation,
presentation skills and Customer
Oriented attitude.
Good and proficient in client needs, end-
user requirements and custom required
solutions.
Experience to work with global teams
and handled multiple projects with SAP
PI/PO integration, S4 Hana
Implementation in US, led Pronto
Project for integrating 3rd party tool
Astea with SAP for Australia and New
Zealand.
Reference Name
859-***-****
ad27f8@r.postjobfree.com
Reference Name
+91-903*******
ad27f8@r.postjobfree.com
SAP Technical Consultant
Polaris - Bangalore, India
The objective of the application SAP Syndications Management is to close the gap of mapping the funding in the SAP banking solution. For the existing customers, who are already using the banking application SAP loans management @ ERP (called loans in the following document) and interested parties, there is a whole new option to map and execute complex funding of loan contracts via new software components to be linked. It will be possible for the customer to carry out the functionalities of funding and pooling of loans contracts via new components.
Responsible for functional specification review.
Design, Development and Testing of the entire development. Oct 2007-Feb 2009
Optimal Solutions – Bangalore, India
Projects in Optimal primarily consisted of Master data upload using SAP XI to i2 MDM
Worked on Master Data Upload like Customer Master, Material Master, Supplier Master, Classes and Characteristics, and BOM Upload using informatica as middleware.
Worked on configuration of JDBC, IDoc and RFC adapters. Created RFC to JDBC Scenario to upload data from SAP R/3 to i2 MDM Staging Tables using graphical mappings in SAP XI.
Feb 2006-Dec 2006
R U C H I G A R G
Client : SAPLabs
SAP Consultant
Client : i2 Technologies
Contact this candidate