Joseph A. Koblich
**** ******** ***., ******* *****, IL, 60515
630-***-**** ad27nj@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
Project management professional with over 3 years of implementation experience as a consultant managing WMS implementation projects in manufacturing and retail environments, 21 years of ERP implementations and custom development projects as the IT Director for the American Nuclear Society, 12 years as a member of IEEE, including organizing the first hackathon for the IEEE Chicago section, and 6 years as an Alumni Association Board Member for the Illinois Institute of Technology.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
JK CUBED - Downers Grove, IL September 2020 – Present Independent Consultant
Providing database and technology consulting services with focus on managing the implementation of WMS systems, including Morse Data’s InOrder and Oracle’s NetSuite. Working with a team to manage all stages of the full life cycle implementation process for multiple clients, including identifying business requirements, programming and testing customizations, and providing end-user training and support, as well as identifying, evaluating, and integrating with hardware and other third-party vendor products.
BTS-IT, INC. - Northbrook, IL April 2023 – August 2023 Implementation and Support Manager
Leading the implementation of ERP, Mobile, and eCommerce product lines and managing the customer service desk for customers in the metals manufacturing industry based in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
AMERICAN NUCLEAR SOCIETY – Downers Grove, IL October 1998 – February 2020 Director of Information Technology
Managed the development, maintenance, and support of all systems, including ERP implementation and custom application projects. Directed the design and development of an electronic paper submission and review system for the peer review and publishing of scientific research. Quoted in industry publications such as Computerworld and Biztech magazine on topics such as open source software and project financing and served on the U.S. Nuclear Infrastructure Council's Manufacturing & Supply Chain Working Group.
AMERICAN SUPPLY ASSOCIATION - Itasca, IL May 1996 – October 1998 Director of Information Systems
Managed and supported all systems and technology initiatives on behalf of association members. Installed and supported on-site registration systems at ASA-managed trade shows, including the former North American Expo (NEX) at McCormick Place in Chicago with 14,000 attendees. Provided technical guidance to member companies regarding bar-coding, e-commerce, EDI, and warehouse management systems. Also authored technology-related articles in ASA News, a publication with circulation of 24,000 subscribers.
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP - Chicago, IL October 1991 – May 1996 Senior Systems Analyst
Designed, developed, and supported applications for Arthur Andersen's Management Foresight Group, which provided financial reporting services to the wholesale distribution industry, including two data collection systems used at thousands of client sites. The underlying design of the data-masking and reporting algorithms that I implemented for one of these projects continues to live on today, for the U.S. Machine Tool Output (USMTO) program administered by the Association for Manufacturing Technology.
EDUCATION
ILLINOIS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
Bachelor of Business Administration
Areas of Specialization: Computer Science and Marketing Management
SKILLS
• Basecamp, MS Project, MS Visio, Targetprocess
• AWS, MS Dynamics 365, MS SQL Server and SSRS, MySQL, Oracle NetSuite, SAP Crystal Reports
• MS Office Suite, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Teams, Word
ACTIVITIES
• Alumni Association Board of Directors for the Illinois Institute of Technology
• Member Communications Chair for the IEEE Chicago Section
• Independent Candidate for Village Clerk in the Village of Forest View (age 22)
Contact this candidate