Kimberly Hart
201-***-**** ● ad28d9@r.postjobfree.com ● Carlstadt, NJ 07072
http://www.linkedin.com/in/kimberly-hart95

Strategic Finance and Project Manager
Results Driven Effective Communicator

Engaging and committed professional, experienced in a variety of areas with the ability to deliver results within budget and on time.
High focus on achieving business goals and meeting or exceeding assigned metrics and objectives. Utilizes a collaborative approach to drive customer satisfaction with effective communication and problem-solving skills. Equally effective in leadership or individual contributor roles.

Areas of Expertise:
Budgeting and Expenditures
Change Management
Employee Coaching
Attention to Detail
Cross-Functional Team Collaboration
Multitasking and Prioritization

Professional Experience

Fairleigh Dickinson University, Teaneck, NJ 2005 – Present
Manager of Voice and IT Business Services 2017 – Present
Lead and develop small team responsible for general voice service and IT business/budgetary needs for the OIRT division. Partner with other business units on projects and tasks from large to small and ensure completion on time and within budget.
Automated chargeback process reducing effort by 95%.
Partnered with Networking team to migrate to VoIP system which improved system reliability by over 70%.
Represent department on ITSM team, launched TOPdesk to centralize CRM functions and tasks.
Created process to track invoices and POs to reconcile against GL
Responsible for Fiscal Year Close/Open for OIRT division.
Billing Coordinator – Voice Services, 2005 – 2017
Responsible for billing reconciliation, PO creation, and managing cellular service for the university.
Credited chargebacks according to company practices, submitted invoices to departments.
Managed additions/upgrades/maintenance for over 300 cellular devices across 3 campuses.
Billing adjustments and refunds.
Bookkeeping data entry, invoices, purchase orders, vendor quotes.

Houghton Chemical Corporation, Carlstadt, NJ 2003 – 2005
Logistics Project Manager
Processed incoming orders from customers and reviewed for accuracy.
Prepared bills of lading with tracking number, packing slips, MSDS and special instructions.
Created requisitions for products not in stock to minimize backorders
Handled customer inquiries regarding inventory availability, shipment scheduling and pricing.

Kimberly Hart ad28d9@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Additional Relevant Experience

Nouveautes Inc, Fairfield, NJ
Executive Assistant

Hudson United Bank, Lyndhurst, NJ
Branch Manager

Education

Rutherford High School, Rutherford, NJ
Contact this candidate