Home: **** ******* *** **********, ******* *****
Currently Working: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
850-***-**** ad28wj@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sclayfi/
Active TS/SCI

CAREER PROFILE

U.S. Navy Retired with over 22 years of proven experience leading multi-functional programs, projects and high performing teams in cryptology, electromagnetic warfare, information technology, intelligence operations, cyberspace operations, quality assurance, communication system development, cellular phone development and human resources management. Executive leader with an analytical mindset to make data-driven decisions at the highest level. Utilizes best practices from a wide variety of project management methodologies and coordinates closely with executive leaders and key stakeholders to: assess and establish operational processes, scope of work, and manpower and training requirements, achieve a common vision for product and service requirements, develop work item lists, ensure appropriate requirements traceability, and generate development and deployments plans to meet stakeholder requirements and delivered value to the customer successfully and consistently.

Career supported by a BS in Civil Engineering degree, MS in Electrical Engineering, Fundamentals of Engineering complete, DIWA level 2 certified in Systems engineering, and DIWA level 1 certified in Program Management.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

As a senior military advisor to the Royal Saudi Armed Forces, developed the cyberspace and electromagnetic spectrum operations strategy needed to achieve the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s strategic Vision 2030.
Led over 1,000 hours of intelligence, cyberspace operations, electromagnetic warfare, and counter-mine operations Train, Advise, Assist, and Mentor (TAAM) sessions to senor Royal Saudi Armed forces leaders.
As a career program manager, led project updates and periodic reviews to senior U.S. and foreign military leaders and civilian executives to include the CEO of Apple Inc, Secretary of Defense, Commander of U.S. Central Command, and Commanders of U.S. SECOND, THIRD, and FIFTH FLEETS.
As Operations Director, responsible for the Manning, Training, and Equipping of all U.S. Naval Forces in Electromagnetic Warfare, Cyberspace Operations, Cryptologic Warfare, Information Technology Support, Intelligence and Counter Unmanned System.
As Commanding Officer/CEO of the largest command at the O5 level in the Navy’s Information Warfare community, responsible for staffing, retention, employee development, and ensuring all projects and customer requirements are completed within schedule, budget, cost, and compliance constraints.
As the program manager for all U.S. Navy submarine special communications suite, develop budgets, IT acquisition strategies, and IT portfolio/program management plans. Served as Program Manager/Contracting Officer Representative (COR) for two Prime federal contracts, managing four subcontracts, with a combined value of $150M.
As an iPhone Engineering Program Manager at Apple, Inc., led multiple cross-functional teams ensuring the product was up to customer’s standards and delivered to the world on time!

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Five Domains, LLC - Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Sep 2022 – Present
Senior Military Advisor / Consultant – Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Cyberspace and Electromagnetic Activities Subject Matter Expert supporting a Foreign Military Sales contract and Direct Commercial Sales contract to train, advise, assist, and mentor Royal Saudi Armed Forces leaders on how to build and implement tailored capabilities in intelligence, cyberspace operations, surface warfare, mine warfare and electromagnetic warfare.
Led 400 hours of intelligence, cyberspace operations, electromagnetic warfare, and counter-mine operations train, advise, assist, and mentor sessions to senor Royal Saudi Armed forces leaders to help them transform to meet the Kingdom’s strategic vision.
Authored 3 keystone doctrine products that met contract requirements and timelines that will shape how the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia structures and leads their military forces into the future.
Leads Periodic Reviews to give senior foreign military leaders status updates on the transformation efforts.

Commander, US Navy Information Forces – Suffolk, Virginia Jul 2021 – Aug 2022
Deputy Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations
Responsible for the Manning, Training, and Equipping of all Naval Forces in Electronic Warfare, Cyber Operations, Cryptologic Warfare, Information Technology Support, Intelligence and Counter Unmanned Systems.
Consulted with all Navy echelons on improving Information Warfare force readiness and training.
Reviewed and provided subject matter expert advice on Information Warfare doctrine before it is released for implementation to the fleet.
Built a cross-functional team with all platform Type Commanders, Carrier Strike Groups, System Commands, Maintenance and training commands to identify Information Warfare afloat readiness issues and work to solutions.

Information Warfare Training Group – Norfolk, Virginia Dec 2019 – Jun 2021
Commanding Officer
Provided executive level leadership to 320 military and civilian personnel providing Cyber, Electronic Warfare, Cryptology, Intelligence, and Information Operations readiness support and training to naval forces world-wide while solely responsible for a $3.6M annual budget.
Training and Readiness. Responsible for the Information Warfare (Cyber, Cryptology, Electronic Warfare, Intelligence, and Operational Security) training and readiness for all surface and sub-surface Naval combatants in Norfolk, VA, Mayport, FL, Bahrain, and Rota Spain.
IT Project Management. Oversaw and directly responsible for the modernization, operational support and continued cyber hygiene of 2 Excepted Networks to include the purchase of portfolio management in direct support of two high demand operational entities.
Cyber Accreditation Management. Oversaw network accreditation and RMF assess-only projects, leading to achieving two major ATOs.

COMUSFIFTHFLT – Manama, Bahrain Nov 2017 – Nov 2019
FIRES Director
Developed strategies to maintain freedom of navigation, free flow of commerce, and a stable region within the Arabian Sea, Arabian Gulf and the Red Sea.
Responsible to the FIFTH fleet commander for all lethal and non-lethal Maritime Fires in the region.
Led 32 Officers, Sailors, and Soldiers though continuous real-world operations and contingency planning in Cyber, Electronic Warfare, Information Operations, and Tomahawk Land Attack Missile (TLAM) mission sets.
Defined and built the architecture on the way the Navy postures their Maritime Operations Centers around the globe to fight future battles.
Coordinated and facilitated executive-level briefings for the Secretary of Defense and the President of the United States.

Apple, INC – Cupertino, California Aug 2016 – Oct 2017
Wireless Design Engineering Program Manager on iPhone
Was hand selected by OPNAV N2/N6 to be in the inaugural class for the Secretary of the Navy’s Tours with Industry program. This program sends the Navy’s best and brightest Officers to our country’s top corporations to better understand leading edge business practices, techniques, and technologies to be leveraged by the Navy for revolutionary strategic changes and effectively meet future challenges. Based on experience and resume, was placed on Apple’s iPhone8 team as the Wireless Design Engineering Program Manager.
Managed the development of Apple, Inc’s iPhone cellular, WiFi/Bluetooth, and Near Field Communication (NFC) baseband hardware and software required for signal processing and antenna development.
Directly responsible for the success of all Wireless Design milestones throughout iPhone8’s development in high-stress, dynamic environments.
Coordinated and facilitated executive-level briefings and kept Apples’ executives abreast with iPhone 8’s progress.
Interfaced with Apple executives, including CEO Tim Cook, gaining knowledge from the best in industry on a range of technologies.
Provided frequent update to senior Military leaders on the insight gained from Apple’s top executives for vision for technology development and best practices in industry. This insight helped improve the Navy acquisition process of rapidly acquiring technology.
Conducted four visits to the People’s Republic of China to manage over 40k pieces of hardware and oversaw multiple teams for the Radio Frequency product build. His team ensured accurate supply chain throughput from manufactures to QA/QC, and delivery of hardware for testing and validation both in China and Cupertino, CA.
Played a key role in the successful launch of Apple’s iPhone8.

Navy Information Warfare Training Command – Pensacola, FL Nov 2013 – July 2016
Executive Officer
Directly responsible for 13 Naval and Army Officers, 258 Enlisted personnel in all services, and 58 civilians in all day-to-day functions of a 2,300-student body training command with an annual throughput o over 9,000 students that executed a $411K annual budget.
Responsible for training and developing a continuum of Cyber and SIGINT training to Navy and joint service personnel at all career levels preparing them to conduct Information Warfare around the globe.
Taught the Navy Cryptologic Officer’s most demanding milestone course in Cryptologic, Cyber and Electronic Warfare doctrine.
Oversaw the stand-up and ensured successful delivery of training for the Navy’s newest cryptologic collection and Electronic Warfare suites.
Identified a need to improve training process, led development and implementation of an Information Technology project to monitor and control a warfare training program for the enter Naval Cyber Force. Coordinated with project sponsors and key stakeholders to successfully manage project scope, schedule, and risk mitigation, leading to a successful rollout of the software application and subsequent improvement in training delinquency from 50% to 7% in just one year.

University of West FL and Pensacola Community College Nov 2013 – July 2016
Adjunct Professor
Taught various topics in Electrical Engineering to include circuit analysis, digital fundamentals, C programming, communication systems, etc.

Commander, Amphibious Squadron Eleven – Sasabo, Japan Aug 2011 – Nov 2013
Cryptologic Resource Coordinator / Deputy Information Warfare Commander
Led a 16-person team in the planning, tasking, and execution of Information and cryptologic Operations for a 5 ship Amphibious Readiness Group (ARG) and embarked Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) in support of strategic and national level tasking in the Pacific.
Increased ARG/MEU readiness through flawless planning, developing, and executing doctrine to support over 65 Information Operations exercises, to include Coordinated Electronic Attack / Chaff Firing and ARG-wide EMCON exercises that led to the winning of the Command SEVENTH Fleet’s Cryptologic Excellence Award.
Established the process and requirement for Naval Network Warfare Command (NETWRCOM) coordinated Computer Network Defense scans for all afloat units in Sasebo, Japan that identified and shored up network vulnerabilities. These efforts allowed the ARG/MEU to defeat the Navy read team during Valliant Shield 2012.

Navy Cyber Warfare Development Group - Suitland, MD Jan 2009 – July 2011
Program Manager / Contracting Officer Representative
Led a diverse group of military, civilian, and contractor personnel engaged in system development, technical guidance, and operations and maintenance for 126 deployable subsurface Carry On Equipment.
Wrote and managed two contracts as Contracting Officer Representative (COR) for the next generation communication suite valued at $150M.
Developed training and users guides for the maintenance and operations of all new surface communication suites prior to system delivery to the fleet.

Naval Postgraduate School Jun 2006 – Dec 08
Student in the Graduate School of Engineering and Applied Science
Completed all requirements in the Electronic Systems Engineering program and earned a degree of Master of Science in Electrical Engineering, Engineering Science. Also, completed U.S. Naval War College satisfying all requirements for Navy intermediate level Joint Professional Military Education (JPME) Phase-1 certification which educates students on the fundamentals of U.S. national security policy, military strategy, and the relationship between them.

USS MUSTIN (DDG 89) – San Diego, CA Jul 2004 – May 2006
Signals and Electromagnetic Warfare Officer
Completed a Western Pacific deployment conducting Signals Intelligence and Information Operations in the South China sea and Arabian Gulf responsible for the development and reporting of time sensitive over-the-horizon targeting information. Also served as Assistant Safety Officer, Special Security Officer, and Visit, Boarding, Search, and Seizure (VBSS) Security Team Leader where I led successful interdiction operations within the Arabian Gulf to disrupt criminal and terrorist organizations, ensuring legitimate commercial shipping activities.

Navy Information Operations Command – Pensacola, FL Jan 2002 – Jul 2004
Senior Cyberspace Operations Watch Officer
Provide information assurance, information technology, and digital network operations support to naval and national-level customers. Deployed as the Direct Support Signals Intelligence Officer aboard USS Barry (DDG-52).

Heath & Lineback Engineers – Marietta, GA Jan 2000 – Dec 2002
Civil Engineer, Fundamentals of Engineering (FE)
Involved in the design of various roadway and bridge design projects in the Atlanta Metro Area to include:
Rebar design and Computer Aid Design (CAD) on for the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport 5th runway that spans eight lanes of interstate I-285. The spans are 170 feet long of prestressed concrete beams designed to handle the load of heavy aircraft.
Roadway design and CAD for hundreds of miles of roadway and bridges along I-75 and I-285 to reduce congestion, improves mobility and safety, and reduces vehicle emissions that are geometrically sound and safe with positive drainage solutions.

EDUCATION
US Naval Postgraduate School, MS, Electrical Engineering - Dean’s List 2008, 3.30 GPA.
US Naval War College, Joint Professional Military Education Phase 1 Diploma.
Southern Polytechnic State University, BS, Civil Engineering - Dean’s List 2001-2002, 3.31 GPA.
Defense Acquisition University, DAWIA Program Management Level 1 and System Eng Level 1 and 2 complete.
Contact this candidate