Jerry L. Hall
Houston, Texas
Email: ad2e6o@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 918-***-****

Experienced IT Manager an Analyst with proven expertise working with various IT teams to provide support for applications in operating systems.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Microsoft Office 365 - WIN Server 2008r2, 2012r2 - Exchange - Oracle Client - Citrix - VMware - Disaster Recovery Planning - BMC-Remedy - ITIL – SCCM -Active Directory - Bomgar – Dame Ware – Mac – Livelink\OpenText v5 & v10 - TOAD - Service Now – Fresh Service - Active MS Office Suite Enterprise Vault - Video Conferencing\Clickshare - ConnectWise - WIN 7\10 - Google Suite – Fortinet – Broad Voice - Micro SIP – Synapse – Amcrest Surveillance

Professional Experience:
Buske Logistics Inc – Houston, TX
Assistant IT Manager: 2022 to Present
●Procurement
●Provide IT billing review of all contracts.
●Provide recommendations of suppliers for current and future needs and support.
●Order all IT related hardware and software products as needed.
●Implement and maintain an asset management system.
●IT duties Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used.
●IT duties Test fixes to ensure the problem has been adequately resolved. Build communications with principles in the remote client community.
●IT duties Provide direct support to offices in the Houston area.

Montrose Environmental – Houston, TX
IT Analyst: 2022 to 2022
●Responsible for support and triage all Fresh Service incidents and tasks.
●Provide 1ST & 2nd level support to Engineers.
●Troubleshooting and managing desktop issues related to applications and hardware problems.
●Recommend or suggest methods to update, simplify and enhance processes, procedures, and technologies.
●Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used.
●Test fixes to ensure the problem has been adequately resolved. Build communications with principles in the remote client community.
●Provide direct support to offices in the Houston area.

ExxonMobil– Houston, TX
Customer Experience Analyst: 2019 to 2022
●Responsible for support and triage all BMC Remedy\CA incidents and tasks Region South.
●Provide 1ST & 2nd level tier support to Engineers in southern region offices in the US. Analyze trends for ways to prevent future problems. Applying updates to network equipment.
●Troubleshooting and managing desktop issues related to applications and hardware problems. Reimage any desktops or laptops when needed.
●Recommend or suggest methods to update, simplify and enhance processes, procedures, and technologies. Work with vendors when necessary.
●Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used and supported by Joint venture organizations.
●Test fixes to ensure the problem has been adequately resolved. Build communications with principles in the remote client community.

Braun Intertec – Houston, TX
Analyst: 2018 to 2019
●Responsible for procurement of laptops, deployment, and inventory updates.
●Provide support to southern region offices in the state. Analyze trends for ways to prevent future problems.
●Repair desktop issues related to applications and hardware problems.
●Recommend or suggest methods to update, simplify and enhance processes, procedures, and technologies.
●Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used and supported by the organization.
●Test fixes to ensure the problem has been adequately resolved. Build communications with principles in the remote client community.

Phillips66 – Tulsa, OK
Associate Analyst: 2015 - 2018
●Provided application support to OpenText v5 & v10.
●Perform permissions changes, custom system changes and evaluate documented resolutions and analyze trends for ways to prevent future problems.
●Repair desktop issues related to application problems. Recommend or suggest methods to update, simplify and enhance processes, procedures, and technologies. Identify and learn appropriate software and hardware used and supported by the organization.
●Writing SQL scripts using Toad. Test fixes to ensure the problem has been adequately resolved. Build rapport with the client community.

WPX Energy – Tulsa, OK
Client Support Analyst IV: 2011 - 2015
●Provide Service Desk support to clients when experiencing problems with Hardware and Software.
●Re-image desktop. Also, configured, installed MacBook, iPad and iPhone.. Setup all cell phones to access the corporate environment. Assist exchange analysts in troubleshooting messaging problems. Assist server group with installation of geological software and configuration. Backup Scada analyst to support server and client,
●Provide spyware and virus cleanup, third party and custom application support. Good troubleshooter and team player.

Williams Companies, Inc. – Tulsa, Ok
Exchange Analyst: 2010 - 2011
●Provided Back-End Infrastructure support to Exchange Server, Enterprise Vault (Operation support) Blackberry Server. This process was outsourced, and I was the company representative who monitored changes and implantations.
●Utilized Dell Computer’s Message One disaster recovery process for outages.
●Also used Quest Spotlight Messaging and Message Stat to monitor and troubleshoot email systems.

Williams Companies, Inc. – Tulsa, OK
Service Center Analyst: 2010 – 2011
●Provide Service Desk 2nd and 3rd level tier support.
●Manage and maintain all geosciences workstations and applications. Setup all cell phones to access the corporate environment.
●Also, configured, installed MacBook, iPad, and iPhone Responsible for desktop support issues local and remote systems (e.g., Laptops, desktop, printers, copiers, MFC’s, communication devices, etc.)
●Troubleshoot OS issues, server applications, spyware, and virus cleanup, third party and custom application support.

Laredo Petroleum, Inc. – Tulsa, OK
Team Lead\LAN Administrator: 2007 - 2010
●Managed projects and led the Information Technology team responsible for installations, management, and implementation to the user community.
●Maintain and support mobile phone systems both local and remote including device synchronization with Exchange server and Blackberry Enterprise server.
●Manage Exchange server to ensure email is flowing properly and efficiently and troubleshoot any email related issues.
●Provide administrative and user support related to SQL Server 2005. Terminal Server and Network Enterprise Printing

Latigo Petroleum, Inc. – Tulsa, OK
Information Technology Manager: 2004 - 2006
Managed IT team and made technological decisions. Implement tech-support processes into the user community to increase visibility. Manage all hardware and software purchases and IT budget.
●Successfully implemented Wiltel’s optical network to link two remote offices. This allowed us to eliminate the redundancy of servers and software licenses. Resulted in a $1200.00 month saving.
●Implemented Video conferencing to reduce travel cost and create synergy between groups at remote offices.

Lariat Petroleum - Newfield Exploration M.C., Inc. – Tulsa, OK
Sr. Network Administrator: 1999 – 2004
●Responsible for and managing a multi-site network of 150 users running on NT 4.0, 2000 and 2003 Server.
●Primary duties include administration, engineering, and management of the following.
●Implemented VPN connectivity at remote offices using wireless satellite also, added WatchGuard DNS to integrate into Newfield’s network.
●Designed and Implemented Microsoft Exchange server converted over 123 users using the ADMT.
●Assist with the upgrade of network from 10MB to 100MB to increase network throughput.
●Standardized company with Dell desktop PCs for all users.
●Implemented Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance procedures for AS\400 server.
●Implemented Polycom Video Conferencing

Education / Training:

Mississippi Community College Blytheville, Ark
Tulsa Community College Tulsa, OK
Majoring in Computer Science and Business Management

AMA American Management Association – University of Tulsa
Network Enhance Training NET
New Horizon Training
The Persimmon Group – PMI Training

Outside Interests:

YMCA Board of Directors -- Good Health -- Church and Sports Activities
Contact this candidate