Durga Dhurjati
+1-612-***-**** ad2gna@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY:
Managed on-premises, collocated and cloud IT infrastructure and services.
Managed multi-million-dollar data consolidation projects in healthcare and banking sectors.
Deployed cloud, virtualization and SAN solutions to leverage new technologies, add business value, increase efficiencies and reduce overall IT costs to the business.
Managed multiple upgrade/migration projects encompassing IT infrastructure resiliency, Storage, SQL, DataPower, N-1 upgrades (Windows, SQL, Linux and appliances) share point/archiving, application/desktop virtualization and datacenter consolidations.
Managed network, server and storage cleanup projects to reduction footprint across the environments.
Created project plans and technical documentation, scheduled internal & vendor meetings, allocated resources, tracked budgets and drove projects to completion.
Worked with business stakeholders to ensure IT services met all business requirements remaining within budget.
Participated in architecture review board meetings, gathered requirements from stakeholders, document ARB meeting minutes and ARB decisions. Communicated ARB meetings with leadership regarding decisions and other information appropriate to stake holders.
Researched and evaluated service offerings and SLAs, performed cost analyses, completed POCs and presented solution recommendations to senior management for replacement of legacy IT applications and infrastructure.
Collaborated directly with the customer, receiving requirements for new and existing services.
Worked to introduce ITIL processes and procedures to a new customer as we moved into the steady-state support model with the global delivery teams.
Oversaw tower-specific incident and change management requests, integrating incident and change processes into customer-owned processes, providing for improved efficiencies in handling of incident and change tickets.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Cognizant Technology Solution Apr 2011 – Till Date
Mach Mobile Solutions Nov 2009 – March 2011
Hewlett Packard Oct 2007 – Nov 2009

DETAIL EXPERIENCE:

Cognizant Technology Solutions – Senior Project Manager

1.Emblem Health –NY March 2018 – Till date

EmblemHealth is a health and wellness company that provides insurance plans, primary and specialty care, and wellness solutions. As one of the nation’s largest not-for-profit health insurers, we serve more than three million people in the New York tristate area.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Managed critical projects such as convert and migrate Physical servers into virtual servers (mission critical– ecommerce portal) between Data centers. This was a complex project and any portal downtime will have a huge impact and financial loss to the client. We had several rounds of technical discussions and brain storming meetings to figure out the optimal solution that would result in an effective migration with minimal downtime. Along with physical servers we also migrated 100 virtual servers from one DC to another as part of data center consolidation. After this we completely vacated the DC and this was a huge saving to the client.
Managed large scale on-prem and cloud migrations and consolidations of applications and IT Infra build.
Benefits: We reduced the storage foot print of up to 70TB storage, renewal cost, power and maintenance cost of old devices.
Migrated 50+ physical – Benefits – Vacated collocated work space and it converted in to huge dollar savings
Managed end to end project management of the uplift of more than 100+ legacy applications and its services to N-1 builds.
Worked closely with the Business Analysts, Technical Leads, and business users to ensure project was delivered on timely with high-quality and consistency.
Effectively managed CAB review meeting with SME’s and made sure it is accounted as part of the audit purpose. Schedule review board meeting with SME’s and business stakeholders
As a member of architecture review board, conducted weekly meetings to evaluate new design documents, gathered requirements from stakeholders, document ARB meeting minutes and ARB decisions. Communicated ARB meetings with leadership regarding decisions and other information appropriate to stake holders.
Conducted gap review meetings with various teams to address the current process gaps
Upgraded Windows, Linux, Database and vendor appliances to N-1 versions across data centers
Successfully managed the implementation of access control system using CyberArk tool across organization.
Worked as active coordinator between the client and the technical teams and have been an effective communicator handling the challenges and working with teams in order to make the project successful.
Conducted quarterly capacity and forecast review meetings to predict the current demand just make sure future storage requirements are met to address customer needs.
Managed and tracked project schedules, budgets & allocations in PPM Pro.
Managed the ISILON data migration to NetApp Storage as part of share point migration. With help of dobimigration tool, we migrated more than 1200 departmental shares overnight with a very minimal downtime.
As a pre-requisite we collected all the departmental share details in ISILON, coordinated with application team and migrated all the shares to NetApp with minimal effort. This has been greatly appreciated by the customer and internal management for delivering in time and completing complex migration.
Managed DR for major critical applications. Have coordinated with multiple teams, gathered information and prepared high level and low-level project plans.
Coordinated RAG status to stake holders in weekly and monthly governance calls.
Interactions with cross environment teams like Storage, VMWare, Network and Linux and ensured resources are met on demand to serve the end user.

2.American Express Jan 2017 to March 2018

Roles and Responsibilities:
Lead a team of 10 engineers to coordinate, work and deliver projects on time and within scope. Communicate with senior management regarding project obstacles and make necessary changes to project team makeup and scope in effort to continue progress towards deliverables
Worked as build PM to conduct architectural review meetings with clients, understand the requirement and onboarding customers to AMEX infrastructure using automation VRA portal
Rack stack and delivered 100 + servers for VDI infra at onsite and offshore location, coordinated with cross functional teams in bringing up infra in no span of time using cutting edge technologies like VMWare VRA and VRO, CISCO UCS and NUTANIX to enable powerful hybrid cloud
As part of Iaas, Saas and Paas, migrated multiple clients systems to automation VRA portal and saved huge dollar savings to organizations
Handled AMEX automation project on VMware VRA & VRO to automate end-to-end server provision in Dev, QA and Prod environment.
Coordinate with multiple end users, understand their architecture, review it with SME’s and migrate them to cloud using automation VRA portal
Uplifted more than 800 + Citrix servers in AMEX from Citrix 6.5 to 7.15
Uplifted 200 + windows servers from 2008 to 2012 and 2016.
Coordinate with application teams, create new builds, install binaries, work with data base team to migrate DB’s and take final sign-off from application team
Worked as project manager for automating orchestrated patching using Rundeck Pro tool to automate patching process
Worked as first point of contact for AMEX engagement program to understand client requirement, review and conduct architectural meetings
Conducted various volunteer programs to advertise AMEX automated cloud engagement process
Conduct review meetings regularly with teams to understand the gaps and challenges. Created mitigation plan to ensure resources are effectively utilized.
Conduct daily call with team members, understand the issues and record them in JIRA tool make sure they are addressed on time
Coordinated and prepared project plans, define timelines, involve all stake holders, review it with architecture review board

3.Data centre operations and delivery April’11 to Dec’2017
Roles and Responsibilities:
Open source VDI implementation: By leveraging old infra created 16 node cluster and prepared VDI environment to server corporate function and technical support team. Using REDHAT hypervisor and convert VDI tool and using Piranha connection broker, Appv as application manager.
Storage Consolidation: Consolidated existing storage environment by cleaning up existing storage devices by doing data analysis, consolidating golden repository, cleaning up duplicated software’s, deleting unnecessary files and enabling deduplication
New storage implementation: NetApp 3220/ NetApp 3140 / EMC VNX5800/Dell EqualLogic / VNX series/ NetApp 8000 series.
POC: Flash storage / New products / Software defined storage / File Sync.t/Microsoft Orchestrator
Datacenter services: Consolidation of data center to major datacenter to make sure that the redundant services are removed. Migration of all physical servers to VMs. Thereby reduce power and cooling and save on hard dollars.
Reduce server and storage footprint and make sure correct applications are staged in correct Tier of storages. Optimize the hardware utilization by implementing virtualized environment and high-density racks.
Enterprise Infrastructure design & setup: Have been involved with multiple projects for the new infrastructure setup and enhancing existing setup. All these involve working with multiple stakeholders for the architectural design for the enterprise and complex infrastructure setup. First setup the high-level design followed by the low-level design and then to implementation.
Some of these enterprise projects are Private cloud implementation, Converged infrastructure of VDI and Cloud, File share consolidation, Datacenter consolidation, new location setup, New ODC setup and Backup re-architecture.

Other Projects:
Mach Mobile Solutions – Systems Specialist from Aug 2008 until March 2011
Hewlett Packard – Technical account Manager from Oct 2007 until July 2008
Area software Solution – System administration Aug 2005 till Oct 2007

Personal Details

Location
Phoenix, AZ

Work Authorization
Permanent Resident – Green Card

IT Experience: 15+ Years

Expertise:
Data Center operations, IT Project Management, Service Delivery Manager
Technologies:
UNIX, Storage and Virtualization

Certifications:
ITIL V3 Certified
Completed PMP preparatory classes
VMWare 5.5 certified
RHEL Certified.
NetApp 7-mode certified administrator
Netapp cluster mode 8.2 certified administrator
Contact this candidate