John Mavretish
845-***-****

Summary
Experienced and impactful Business Professional with more than 20 years of experience working with a wide variety of platforms and clients. I have worked on numerous projects across diverse internal and external teams, establishing requirements that have met project scope and goals. Maintain strict adherence to best practices and regulatory concerns possessing extensive experience in the IT Security industry.

Key Skills
Project Delivery and Program Management
Requirements Definition
Systems Implementation, Documentation & Training
Team Management working in distributed environments
Compliance
Process Improvement
Work well under pressure
Communication
Problem Solving

Technical Skills

Access Management: Tivoli Access Manager (ISAM), CA Siteminder, Oracle Access Manager
Identity Management: CIAM, Tivoli Identity Manager (ISIM), CA Identity Minder, Oracle Identity Manager, Sailpoint, Saviynt, Forgerock
Federation: Ping Identity, TFIM, OIF, OKTA, Symplified
Directories: Active Directory, Tivoli Directory Server, OID, OUD, OVD, SUN
Operating Environments: AWS, Windows, UNIX, LINUX
Database: SQL, Oracle, Access
Project: Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, JIRA, Confluence
Scripting: Java, Java Script, SQL, VB
Change Management: BMC Remedy, Team Track, Service Now

Professional Experience

IT Security, Compliance, Risk, and Data Privacy Manager
Capgemini, NY Aug 2019 – Present

Defined systems scope and objectives for complex projects and foster communication between business leaders and IT.
Consulted with users and clients to solve complex system issues/problems through in-depth evaluation of business processes, systems and industry standards and recommends solutions
Support system change processes from requirements through implementation and provide input based on analysis of information. Led projects as a Sailpoint infrastructure consultant. Worked with business clients to determine system functional specifications and provide user and operational support
Identified and communicated risks and impacts, considering business implications of the application of technology to the current business environment.
Utilized skills and available resources to work with project team members to develop and execute test plans, designs, and use cases as well as provide required associated reporting.
Identified bottlenecks, risks and opportunities with assessments, analyses and recommendations on progress of projects, and serve as the point for senior management related to project specific issues

Independent IAM Consultant – Various ` ` Oct 2016 – Jul 2019

Acted as liaison for multiple business teams in order to gain understanding of business requirements.
Provided IAM consultation services and acted as team lead for multiple projects, including Saviynt Integration, Role Based Access Control, Corporate Portal modernization
Configured PingOne for authentication, user management and multi-factor authentication capabilities
Delivered documentation used to translate those requirements into product specifications. Clients span multiple verticals, Retail, Financial, and Pharmaceutical

Manager – IAM Risk Advisory Services
Deloitte LLP, US Jan 2015 – Oct 2016

Serve as a trusted adviser on Cyber Security/IAM related inquiries from client engagement teams, leadership, and regulators and help balance protection of information assets with operational effectiveness.
Work directly with leaders to facilitate information security risk assessments and risk management processes, including maintaining, communicating, and ensuring compliance with organizational security policies.

IAM Technical Sales Consultant
Oracle Inc, US Sep 2011 – Jan 2015

Acted as a member Oracle’s Technical Solutions team in the Identity and Access Management Security practice.
Participated in projects to elaborate solutions and provide best practice guidelines on the product technologies implemented.
Provided support for the delivery of security projects in the area and Oracle’s Identity and Access Management suite of products.
Responsible for providing technical support as required for Client infrastructure installation.

Independent Consultant
Biogen Idec, Watham, MA May 2011 – Sep 2011

Responsible for project to implement corporate wide portal to enable Single Sign On (SSO) to Internal and Third-Party applications.
Documented existing workflows, depicting current state use cases for end user application access in order to propose alternative workflows.
Led communication of changes to existing processes. Project visibility at highest level of Corporate Management.

Manager IAM – Risk Advisory Services
Sanofi Aventis, Framingham, MA Jun 2009 – May 2011

Managed team of eight employees and consultant resources to implement Identity and Access Management solutions for business-critical operations.
Implemented and maintained Tivoli suite of products: ISIM, TDS, ITDI and ISAM, including custom connector development.
Served as a subject matter expert and adviser on best practices and efficient solutions supporting User Provisioning (ISIM), Access Management (ISAM), and general IAM strategy.

Associate Director - IDM
KPMG, Montvale, NJ Jul 2003 – Jun 2009

Responsible for driving overall Identity Management Services (IDMS) strategy and implementation.
Directed team of performance managers overseeing approximately 25 employees and off-shore resources, delegating accountability and workflow to subordinate executives accountable for results.
Provisioned user access and provided Access Management capabilities for firm wide, critical Tax and Audit applications.
Perform detailed requirements analysis and documentation including value stream mapping, deriving solutions that improve business productivity, optimize costs, and improve operational efficiencies
Developed policies, procedures, and guidelines for IAM systems to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
Worked with the Product Owner, business partners, decision makers and end users to define and document roadmap and sprint-level goals
Support vision of product owners by performing analysis and writing/ breaking down/ refining user stories.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, an ability to present and discuss technical, functional, and managerial information clearly and concisely, establish rapport, persuade others, and gain understanding

Education:
B.S. Finance and Accounting Oswego University, Cum Laude
CPA Certification
Contact this candidate