Patrick J. McQuade
Mount Arlington, NJ 862-***-**** ad2ob0@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pmcquade1

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER

Highly accomplished, strategic, and certified Information Technology Project Manager & Troubleshooting Specialist. Unique ability to successfully simplify complex technical solutions for business understanding coupled with the distinct quality of mitigating project delay and testing time risks. Proven track record of completing projects on time and on budget, exceeding client expectations and enhancing team performance productivity.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Leadership
Team Building, Organizational Efficiency, Accountability, Big Picture View, Program Management, Product Management

Tools
Jira, Confluence, MS Teams, MS Project, MS Office Suite, SharePoint, Active Directory, Office 365

Certifications
Certified Professional Scrum Master, Certified AWS Cloud Practitioner, Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals, Certified ITILv3

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

STATE STREET CORPORATION 11/2018– 06/2023
VP, Senior Project Manager/Vendor Manager, 01/2022-06/2023
State Street Certified, Scrum Master & Project Owner
Managed multiple migrations and virtualization projects which consisted of process planning, scheduling, and interfacing with business. Result: Users were successfully migrated to a new virtual desktop environment.
Enhanced project visibility and streamlined the tracking process by implementing and managing Jira project tracking using kanban boards, stories, and epics.
Identified and tracked risks and issues for multiple projects and created mitigation plans for each risk/issue.
Training in multiple areas of Project Management (Waterfall, Agile, Kanban, Scrum)
Minimized user disruption by scheduling data migration and deployments within the timelines and constraints of business initiatives.
Communicated with all levels of business units and executives.
Application analysis to determine business needs & application availability.
Analyzed data and recommended objective-based actions based on analysis.
Updated timelines and submit change requests when required.
Managed projects using Jira, MS Teams Channels and MS Project.

AVP, User Onboarding/Vendor Manager/Deployment Manager, 11/2018-01/2022
Citrix migration from physical and virtual environment(s) to new Desktop as a Service.
Vendor Manager for user onboarding and application packaging Application teams.
Maintained tools for process planning, project management, schedule management.
Deployed business users to Citrix XenApp and/or Citrix XenDesktop via Wyse terminals and Citrix Receiver.
Managed Citrix Desktop Virtualization requests for Top-Tier executives.
Pilot testing Coordination with business units and IT teams for application release.
UAT Coordination with business units and IT teams for new Image releases.
Communicated with all levels of business units and executives.
Scheduled data migration and deployments within the timelines and constraints of business initiatives.

AIG 2/2018– 11/2018
Project Manager- Senior/Business Analyst/Deployment Manager
Deployed business users to Citrix XenApp and/or Citrix XenDesktop via Wyse terminals and Citrix Receiver.
Managed Citrix Desktop Virtualization requests for top-tier executives.
Win10 Office2016 migration projects for physical and Virtual Desktops.
Application analysis with business unit coordinator to determine business needs & application availability.
Analyzed data using excel and other tools to recommend objective-based actions based on analysis.
Pilot testing coordination with business units and IT teams for application release.
UAT coordination with Business Units and IT teams for new Image releases.
Communication with all levels of business units and executives.

DIVERSANT - AIG 1/2017– 2/2018
Consultant- Project Manager- Senior/Business Analyst/Deployment Manager
Identified roles and responsibilities across projects.
Communicated with all levels of Business Units and Executives.
Application analysis with Business Unit Coordinator to determine business needs & application availability.
Trained and assisted team members in deployment project planning and change management.
Scheduled data migration and deployments within the timelines and constraints of business initiatives.
Analyzed data and recommended objective-based actions based on analysis.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

TALON CONSULTING - CIGNA
Consultant- Project Manager- Senior/Deployment Manager

HIREGENICS - AIG
Consultant- Project Manager- Senior/Business Analyst/Deployment Manager

KFORCE - AIG
Consultant- Project Manager- Senior/Business Analyst/Deployment Manager

ATOS - SIEMENS SIS
Project Functional Manager (assigned to Morgan Stanley)
Project Manager: Deployment, Restacks, IMACs (Install, Move, Add, Change)

CAN AM CONSULTING SERVICES, INC.
Full-service IT consulting firm serving Fortune 500 firms.

Account Manager, Managed Services

Service Manager, Manager and Site Manager assigned to Hewlett-Packard/Credit Suisse Account: Oversaw $6 million annual support contract with HP assigned to Credit Suisse divisions, including corporate technology, fixed income, equities, investment banking, and back-office operations of CEO, senior officers, and support staff. Managed all staffing requirements, project bids, and customer support in collaboration with contract SLA’s and IMAC Projects.

Project Manager, Manager and IT Support Manager, assigned to Credit Suisse Account: Oversaw $10 million support contract Managed all Server, desktop, trade floor and branch support.

Consultant and Field Technician Manager, Directed all client support and project management activities for trade floor(s), Data Centers, Sun Microsystems desktops and Servers. Functioned as onsite troubleshooting and repair technician.
Contact this candidate