Brian R. Ross
St. Augustine, FL 248-***-**** ad2r8o@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/brian-ross-9366271/

ACCOMPLISHED HEALTHCARE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LEADER
Driving significant results through foresight, strategic planning, and leadership
Accomplished and results-driven healthcare information technology executive with expertise in building and leading effective strategies for project and program management, delivering groundbreaking advancements for large organizations while supporting service requests and information security.
Expertise in leading the implementation of projects to strengthen and expand systems to meet the needs of large organizations, with a focus on implementing EMR and revenue cycle applications for healthcare companies.
A demonstrated record of success establishing relationships and motivating teams to produce consistent results in a series of leadership positions with Aspirion, Texican, Clearsense, IBM Corporation, and the clients of my consulting firm.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Seasoned Operations and Strategic Leadership
Driving Success in Large Organizations
Skilled in Business Analysis/Process Improvement
Overseeing IT Strategies and Execution
Directing IT Implementation Projects
SQL Development (SQL Server, MySQL, PostGres)
Data Engineering (SSIS, ADF, Synapse Pipelines, Alteryx, API/SMART on FHIR/HL7)
EMR Systems (Allscripts/Altera Sunrise Clinical Manager, Cerner, NextGen, Epic)
Overseeing Healthcare IT Deployments
Builds and Leads Strong Teams
Success in Cost Containment
Experienced in Information Security and Data Governance
Negotiating with Vendors
Visualizations (SSRS, Power BI, Crystal Reports, Tableau)
Big Data (Synapse, Hadoop, Hive, Impala, Apache Spark)
Data Warehousing (Synapse, Wherescape)
Programming Languages (Python, Pig Latin, C#, C, DAX)

Professional Experience

2022 to 2023 • Aspirion, Inc. Columbus, GA
Aspirion is a revenue cycle management company serving over 1000 clients in 45 states.

Director of Data Engineering and Architecture

Leads vision, strategy, and execution for the ingress and egress of data, data governance, interface development and build, application database and data warehouse build and support. Served as a mentor and coach to a team of 20 ETL/SQL developers and data analysts.
Grew a team of 9 employees struggling to keep up with the velocity of implementations, integrations, and return files to a high-performing team of 20. Increased every aspect of the department’s mission and delivery.
Architected and implemented an enterprise-class data platform using Microsoft Synapse supporting the AI/ML and Enterprise Reporting function.
Led the optimization and restructuring of application database that serves over 1,300 users. Increased performance end-over-end, leading to increased work effort and revenue collections for the enterprise and lower total cost of ownership.
Led vendor selection and design of EDI interface to process 837/835 files.
Design and implemented enterprise standardized data specification, which increased velocity of onboarding clients and rate of collections for client claims.

2020 to 2022 • Texican Inc. Woodland Hills, CA
Texican is a consulting company that works with hospitals on revenue cycle management.
Director of IT
Leads vision, strategy, and execution for all facets of information technology for the company, with a scope of accountability that includes budget, hardware, workstations, information security, and regulatory compliance.
Manages and oversees vendor management and relationships.
Architected and built data warehouse and data pipelines that feed the main data warehouse.
Orchestrated the development of a cash acceleration web application used by revenue cycle teams. Built infrastructure in Azure to run, maintain, and support cash acceleration web application.
Launched an enterprise HIPAA and Security training program that included a targeted phishing awareness campaign.
Built EDI pipeline to extract data from 835 Claim Electronic Remittance Advice files.
Architected and built data analytics platform based on Microsoft technology.

2019 to 2020 • Clearsense LLC Jacksonville, FL
Clearsense provides a healthcare analytics and data management platform that enables real-time insights into clinical, operational, and financial metrics.

Data Engineering Manager
Fulfilled a critical role designing and developing data workflows, ETL processes, SQL queries, and data visualizations of clinical and non-clinical information for the Clearsense platform. Served as a mentor and coach to a team of five junior data analysts, while collaborating with software engineers and data scientists.
Continually delivered innovations in data acquisition, usage, and analytics to meet the unique needs of the Healthcare industry. Established formal data governance policies.
Introduced strategies and best practices for data mining, modeling, and production, identifying opportunities to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality.
Produced reports, tools, and dashboards providing insight into clinical, operations, and financial data for business stakeholders.
Led a project for a client with 96 hospital facilities, developing a process to archive 90 terabytes of data and reports onto the Clearsense platform before migrating the data to a new EMR application. Directed a two-person team in the delivery of a solution that expedited data access, lowered client lab OR hours, and expanded EMR capabilities.

2018 to 2019 • IBM Corporation Armonk, NY
IBM Corporation is a Fortune 50 multinational technology corporation with operations in over 171 countries.

AI Data Curation Architect
Contributed to the success of business intelligence and data analytics projects and EMR integration initiatives for clients in the Healthcare industry, with accountability for requirements gathering, data discovery, documentation, and implementation. Maintained the authority to procure, configure, and install hardware and software applications necessary for client integrations.
Innovated policies, procedures, and best practices to shorten customer implementation cycles and minimize implementation issues.
Led the extraction, translation, loading, and validation of customer data during each integration. Investigated and remediated data issues identified during UAT or following Go Live.
Worked on an eight-person team of developers and architects to build a clinical trial application that extracted data from the Epic EMR system utilizing FHIR on HL7 resources.

2012 to 2022 • iMethods Jacksonville, FL
iMethods is an IT consulting firm that serves the Healthcare industry.

Principal Consultant
Provided full cycle Report Writing and configuration services for multiple clients on the Allscripts EMR system. Created and modified stored procedures, views, and functions supporting reporting models. Gathered specifications from clients and worked with the clients through the full development lifecycle using Agile methodologies ensuring that we were delivering exactly what was needed. Architect and developed disaster recovery models.
2012 – 2017 Flagler Hospital, St. Augustine, FL
2019 – 2020 Orlando Health, Orlando, FL
2021 – 2022 Sarasota Memorial Health, Sarasota, FL

2008 to 2018 • Ross Information Technologies Saint Augustine, FL
Ross Information Technologies was an IT consulting firm that served the Healthcare industry.

Principal Consultant
Pioneered the launch and continued management of a consulting business to meet the needs of the Healthcare industry, offering a portfolio of services that included Business Intelligence, Report Writing, Project Management, EMR Implementation, Workflow optimization, and Training specializing in the Eclipsys/Allscripts Sunrise Clinical Manager EMR system. Negotiated the terms and conditions of all contracts and renewals. Retained and supervised teams of domestic and offshore professionals to develop custom applications aligned with client requirements.
Spearheaded the development of a custom Care Coordinator application and backend data warehouse, which helped Care Coordinators to be more efficient and productive.
Developed dashboards providing insight into blended diagnosis codes, cost of care, and demographics.
Developed Sepsis algorithm that had a 90% success rate detecting patients in the ER who were showing signs of Sepsis and significantly reduced the time-to-first-dose of broad-spectrum antibiotics. This significantly increased the chances of survival.
Setup HL7 interfaces to send specific data elements to third-party applications within the enterprise.

Early Career

Senior Consultant, Computer Science Corporation, Waltham, MA
Consultant, Vitalize Consulting Solutions, Kennett Square, PA
Systems Analyst, Trinity Information Systems, Farmington Hills, MI

Military Service (1990 to 1999)

Corporal, United States Army, Fort Hood, TX / Germany / Kuwait (Two Combat Tours)

Education

Wayne State University
Bachelor of Science Degree in Information Systems

University of Phoenix
Master of Information Systems
Expected completion 2024

“Brian worked as a technical project manager on my team, which implemented an Allscripts Sunrise EHR/Hospital Information System in a complex multi-hospital New England health system. In a challenging environment, Brian’s technical expertise and managements skills, combined with his “can-do” attitude was key to our successful implementation.”

Quote from Colleague
Contact this candidate