Oleksii Golovko
ad2wnk@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE HIGHLIGHTS
· Repair engineer, technical instructor. Specialization in repair mainboard Phones, scanners Zebra, Honeywell. Notebooks, repair industrial printers Zebra, Konica Minolta, Xerox, Lexmark, HP, Cannon… etc. Certificates Optimidoc,(technical specialist/server specialist).
· IT Support customers. full user support, troubleshooting internet connections, hardware replacement, software configuration (Win / Mac / Linux) for business organization needs. server configuration, physical crosshair of sockets in the local network. WLAN, WWAN. Configure AD, RDP, v-machine, mail-service on virtual machines. Manage databases websites in Apache, working with SQL databases.
· Programming, PowerShell, Zebra designer, Huawei soft, V-box, Putty, TC, OCCT, Data recovery.
· General programming: Git, VBA, Jira, C/C++, WordPress, PHP, HTML/CSS, SQL.
· Web Page: https://pl.linkedin.com/in/oleksii-golovko WORK EXPERIENCE
Project manager/Technical services April 2021- Maj 2022 Warsaw, Mazovia, Poland
Remote client support that has print management systems (Optimidoc, Papercut, Safeq).technical repair Konica minolta(a3/a4), Xerox, Lexmark, Zebra(industrial printers gk420t, zt420 ), Kyocera (fs4100dn / fs4200dn ) printers. network configuration. Refer to the company's user support at the server administrator level (domain and Active directory management on Server 2012 R2). Work with the supply control and security of connecting to the local network of users through AP. Installation of additional systems on the ABBYY engine. Configuration and installation of access card readers. Printfleet Managemen
CTDI. Leader area/line support/Technical trainer October 2017-Aug. 2020 Warsaw, Mazovia, Poland
Zebra Tech.(19.01.2020- 11.03.2020 manager area).Leader of the product line, group, support for productive management of the process of production and shipment of repaired devices. Support line. Work as IT administrator Support of the line and operators in device repairs, control over the operation of software and hardware printing systems of several device release lines. Technical trainer 1.08.2019 In an international company, he worked with English-speaking groups, implemented them in the process of repairs and works of the system for monitoring the repair of devices and spare parts, Methods of diagnosis HUAWEI. Diagnostics and repair of Huawei boards (Tablets, phones) work in datasheets, soldering. The main work with repairs of phone motherboards, engineering work with Troubleshooting of Board components and replacement by soldering of various elements of plates including processors and memory. IT Administrator in Bank Millennium October 2016-October2017 Warsaw, Mazovia, Poland
Setting up new user accounts and profiles, LAN/wi-fi LAN service, Windows administration. Help service (reporting to the Bank, remote and headquarters, support for technical offices, installation of Switch equipment, server installation and configuration with printers) reception laptops, monitors, monitoring system (replacement, installation) reliability of user data, exchange profiles, cores.
EDUCATION
Masters of Physics on 06 June 2006 Sep 2005- June 2006 Kharkiv national pedagogical University. G.Skoworody, Ukraine. Software. Manual of working with soft for students and teachers of Physics in VBA. Specialists of computing technology in automatization processing Sep 2001 - Aug 2005 Ukrainian engineering pedagogical Academy. Ukraine. Teacher training Engineer.
Software development
Computer Academy STEP, Kharkiv, Software engineering Apr. 2007- Sep 2010 Computer Academy SDA(Java(level 1)), Software engineering, Warsaw July 2020-Dec.2020 Udemy curses certification “design HTML/CSS, Administrator Linux (Studies ) May 2013
Contact this candidate