Malcolm Wells

***** ****** **., Houston, Texas 77051, 281-***-****, ad2z9c@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Skilled and successful IT Leader with over 25 years of experience, looking to continue a successful IT career in Management, fully utilizing effective supervisory ability in parallel with talents in resource and systems management, planning, support and administration.
Information Technology Professional
Over 25 years of experience in the Information Technology field. Experience includes 15 years in a managerial capacity, 4 years as Sr. Consultant for a leading consulting firm and several years as an infrastructure project manager.
ITSM professional experienced managing diverse infrastructure and operations organizations. IT operations related activities and management include (UNIX, SAN, Storage, Data Center, Desktop, Help Desk and Mobile Device Management support services) for Fortune 100 companies and as a Big 5 consultant.
Effective manager with a proven track record of delivering high availability solutions on time and under budget.
Demonstrates strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a focus on service delivery excellence.
A dynamic and proactive leader with experience in SDLC processes.
Collaborates with stakeholders, other technologists, and other business units to understand impacts resulting from technological change.
Adept at problem resolution, root cause analysis, change management and incident management.
Expertise in many areas including, Strategy, Design, Transition, Implementation, Operations, and Continual Improvement while managing multiple diverse infrastructure teams in many locations.
Proficient in utilizing formal methodologies, best practices and meaningful metrics to guide projects and improve daily support activities.

Objective

Education - B.S. Computer Science, Texas Southern University, May 1994

Professional Development/Training
ITIL Foundations 3 Training Certificate
Effective Delegating and Directing
Facilitation Management
Building Human Performance
Systems Management Methodology for Systems Integration
Change Integration Methodology
Ascendant Technical Systems Management Methodology
Successful Interviewing

Professional and Business History:
2020 to present Lead Healthcare Screener
2018 to 2019 Family Care Rep. (Live-In Care for mother after surgery)
2018 to 2018 WIF (Wells International Foundation) Non-Profit (Paris France) Live-In Care for mother after surgery
2016 to 2017 Insight Global: United Airlines (Contractor)
2014 to 2016 WE IT Services & Consulting
2012 to 2014 RiceTec Inc.
2010 to 2012 WE IT Services & Consulting
2002 to 2010 Waste Management
2000 to 2001 Enron Networks – IT Manager
1997 to 2000 PricewaterhouseCooper

WIF (Wells International Foundation) Non-Profit (Paris France)
Technology Support
Business Analyst
Fund Raiser Representative

United Airlines (Contractor): Insight Global

Capacity Management Program – Sr. PM/BA
Gathered Requirements, Designed and Initiated an IT Infrastructure Capacity Management Program
Served as the Capacity Planning SME for all infrastructure projects
Defined KPIs and reporting metrics to determine program success
Implemented a consolidated infrastructure capacity dashboard using SpotFire Analytics for presentation.
Implemented Capacity Management program
Engaged in Technology Refresh Project for end of life servers, operating systems and storage

WE IT Services & Consulting:
Owner/Principal Consultant/Project Manager

Project Sites –
Outstanding Dental Care – New Office Build Out
Role: Project Manager/Site Manager.
Served as the Site Manager responsible for all areas of construction, office/reception/conference room planning, network and cabling, A/C planning and vendor management.
Managed daily onsite activities for construction crews, telecommunications, cabling and hardware vendors.
Collaborated with the doctor, architect and builder on design and building requirements to ensure planning and design specifications met functional requirements.
Established data replication between offices and engaged third party solution for disaster recovery.
Upgraded the IP based phone system that provided call forwarding and conferencing. The solution provided allows management of all from either office.

Petroleum Company – Data Center Facilities and Hardware Reduction Project
Role: Project Manager
Lead IT Infrastructure Project from construction to close coordinating activities between network, storage, OS admins, DBAs, business support teams and end users.
Responsible for budget tracking, financial management and all project financial reporting to management.
Worked with data center facility managers, hardware vendors and IT support teams regarding planning for power, cooling capacity and logistics for hardware delivery and removal at data centers.
Identified opportunities to drive more value from existing and planned storage investment through a combination of technical, operational and organizational initiatives. Achieved improved application performance, vendor supportability and reduced maintenance cost by migrating from End of Life hardware and technology to new infrastructure with better features and functionality.
Ensured the projects met IT governance and compliance requirements, such as IT controls for Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance and development of IT policies & procedures.
Achieved the project goal to reduce the number of physical data centers and the hardware footprint inside the existing data centers through storage and server consolidation and virtualization.
Completed project ahead of schedule and under budget.

RiceTec Inc.
Manager IT User Support Services
Provided leadership and guidance to cross functional teams responsible for Desktop/Laptop Support, Help Desk, Mobile Device Support (Cell Phones, iPads, Tablets) and Video and Web Conferencing Services.
Improved CSAT customer support through Service Level Management, customer satisfaction surveys, customer interviews, IT reporting and acting on KPIs and 24X7 Help/Service Desk Support Line initiatives.
Secured the desktop/laptop computing environment through the XP to WIN 7 upgrade and Bit9 Security projects that enabled IT support to manage user/application rights proactively reducing risk posed by malicious, illegal and unauthorized software.
Introduced the concept of Service Level Management and worked to establish SLAs that met business requirements while delivering consistent and cost effective IT customer support.
Initiated use of ITIL practices in Process, Change and Incident Management.
Created and managed a software catalog of all approved and supported desktop tools, utilities and software allowing users to select from the approved list.
Introduced formal Change and Incident management concepts and processes to a maturing IT organization to better understand and reduce non planned outages.
Introduced mobile device technology to the plants and in fields to facilitate data capture to improve efficiency gathering and sharing business information.
Lead several IT POCs and made recommendations based on the outcomes. (Mobile Data Management POC, Microsoft Office 365 Implementation, Remote Weather Station Data Gathering)
Lead successful infrastructure projects (WIN7 Upgrade, Bit9 Security Implementation, Video Conferencing Refresh, Service Desk Upgrade)

Project Manager - Clear Lake Headquarters Office Build
Collaborated with Human Resources, project architect, building management and IT support teams to ensure planning and design specifications met IT functional requirements.
Served as the Site Manager responsible for all areas of construction including mini-data center, office/cubicle/conference room planning, Cisco phone system installation, network and cabling, A/C planning and vendor management.
Established communication processes for updating all stakeholders and issue tracking.
Responsible for final walk through and sign-off on all construction and site work.
Managed daily onsite activities for construction crews, telecommunications, cabling (Comcast/Verizon) and hardware vendors to ensure headquarters grand opening was on time and success with full functionality.

WE IT Services & Consulting
Owner/Consultant/Project Manager/Instructor

Project Sites - CSTEM Nonprofit Organization, Houston Works, Basic 1 Environmental, Matson DDS
Role: Project Manager / Instructor / Business Analyst
Assessed technology needs for CSTEM class room and office renovation and expansion. Consulted office staff on records retention and file management. Created curriculum and taught basic network and computer skills to middle school children. Secured a corporate donation providing all the desktops for the CSTEM class rooms. Assisted in event opportunities across the nation.
Collaborated with the dentist and architect on design and building requirements needed to establish a second dental facility connecting two offices with data replication for disaster recovery purposes. Provided on-site supervision of office construction. Implemented an IP based phone system that provided call forwarding and conferencing. The solution provided allows management of all from either office.
Conducted a three month disaster and recovery assessment at Houston Works. The assessment focused on identifying, documenting and prioritizing data and applications to recover. Provided recommendations based on the findings.
Lead an assessment/POC to select HAZMAT software for a startup hazardous material abatement company. Defined the requirements, wrote the RFP and submitted to several software vendors. Assisted the client in vendor selection.

Waste Management
IT Infrastructure Manager/Project Manager

Manager for Business Technology Services (BTS) Infrastructure Teams
UNIX/Linux Support, WebSphere Web App, SAN & Storage, Backup and Recovery, File Servers, iSeries (AS400) Support, DR Strategy

Participated in the budgeting process and managed multimillion dollar budgets for the infrastructure areas under my supervision and guidance.
Coached and mentored staff as well as provided personal development and career guidance and feedback.
Provided leadership, strategy, roadmaps and guidance for a staff of 14 IT cross functional engineers and technicians, in the daily operation, monitoring and incident/problem/change management of the afore mentioned infrastructure support teams as well as collaborated with all internal IT support groups and external vendors.
Extensive experience working closely with Corporate Legal with regard to LIT-Hold as the manager of the infrastructure teams (Storage, Backup, File Servers) charged with finding, collecting and securing data identified for retention and possible litigation.
Participated in the design, implementation and support technologies and processes associated with the Austin (2nd) data center. Worked closely with the Data Center Facilities Management and Network teams in the design and logistics of the SAN/LAN/WAN infrastructure and provided hardware specifications, electrical connectivity, power and air conditioning requirements as wells as planned growth.
Lead the IT business continuity improvement effort or (IRT) Infrastructure Redundancy Test to discover and remediate failover and recover configurations and technologies. The effort required coordination between all IT infrastructure and business application support teams as well as the business customers. The outcomes provided IT the information needed to correct and re-architect solutions for mission critical applications.
Planned, tested and implemented Disaster Recovery utilizing replication and active-active solutions between the Austin and Houston data centers. Performed real-life fail-over and remained active in the alternate data center after a real disaster.
Served as a member of the (CAB) Change Management Approval Board and a key participant and champion in the (CAB) processes and meetings. As the manager of numerous infrastructure support areas I was a significant contributor in the review and revision of CAB process and tool (BMC Remedy) that resulted in improved awareness and fewer incidents during planned changes.
Collaborated with IT leaders to create a formal Incident Management process following ITIL best practices.
Managed Enterprise systems and support for Tier 0 applications (PeopleSoft Finance, HR and SAP)
Extensive experience working in the area of Audit Compliance support accountable for refuting or validating and remediating audit findings for COBIT, SOX, PCI, HIPPA and Internal audits.
Initiated and implemented a process improvement working with IT Finance where funds for IT Infrastructure assets earmarked for in individual IT projects could be moved and combined to an IT Infrastructure project to better leverage and manage company spend with vendors.
Managed vendor relationships and contracts with hardware and software companies (IBM, EMC, Hitachi, StorageTek, Iron Mountain, etc..)
Participated in the annual asset review and refresh process where all hardware and software are reviewed with regard to contract support, warranty expiration, obsolete technology or new improved technology availability.
Lead numerous large complex infrastructure initiated projects to successful completion involving all areas of IT and business support teams. Projects include – Storage Upgrade, SAN Upgrade, AIX and Solaris Upgrade, iSeries Security Upgrade, etc..)

Enron Networks
Manager UNIX and Storage Production Support Services

Provided leadership, strategy and guidance for a staff of 18 UNIX administrators and staff across 2 data centers, in the daily operation, monitoring and incident/problem/change management.
Designed and implemented a 24X7 Help Desk/NOC with Level 1 support for all Enron Network applications.
Collaborated with the Application Development and DBA teams to provide the SDLC environments requested to support business needs in a timely manner.
Managed vendor relationships and contract negotiations reducing the number of vendors, contracts and annual maintenance cost.
Implemented technology refresh project to replace obsolete hardware and operating systems. Reduced the physical equipment count and floor footprint through virtualization and centralized storage.
Worked closely with Data Center management providing environmental requirements for UNIX servers and enterprise storage. Coordinated server and storage hardware migration move to the new data center.
Worked with select IT management team following ITSM best practices to create a new Change Management structure with improved notification and approval process for Enron networks.
Implemented an application availability tracking project to provide metrics to measure and review impacts of Infrastructure hardware incidents on availability.

PricewaterhouseCoopers
Principal Consultant, Infrastructure Project Manager, SAP Basis Facilitator, Quality Assurance Reviewer

Project Sites
HP/Compaq, Ameritech, Nike, Stage Stores, PWFS
As Principal Consultant/Manager I participated in the annual performance review process providing feedback and ranking information for Consultants, Interns and other staff.
Worked at recruiting events across the nation and served as a coach and mentor with interns and younger staff.
Developed a strategy and implementation plan for a client to migrate 100 Windows NT servers to Solaris UNIX servers. Design requirements included high availability, high performance system with the capacity for growth.
Responsible for designing and implementing the client server infrastructure for a large scale retail company. Design requirements included migration from an IBM mainframe environment to IBM AIX/UNIX servers and Sun Solaris web servers.
Managed project for a fortune 500 company involving the design and implementation of an enterprise release management solution. Results included, decreased cycle time to production, decreased number of mistakes by eliminating human intervention, consolidated and eliminated redundant processes and improved visibility through metrics reporting.
Served as a UNIX System engineer performing environment refreshes for QA testing.
Taught and administered SAP BASIS R/3 at the PWC training facility. Additional responsibilities included technical writing (Curriculum development, course materials)
Contact this candidate