DANIEL CORCORAN
ad30pm@r.postjobfree.com 212-***-****

Technical Recruitment Consultant/Account Manager (Full Cycle 360 Recruiter)
Proven 5-year track record of success locating, identifying, and closing top candidate talent, with a special emphasis on hard-to-fill positions. Build and maintain candidate relationships to ensure a consistent talent pipeline. Proven ability to self-manage multiple positions by sourcing, screening, qualifying, coordinating interviews, interrogating and closing candidates.

Applicable Skills
Proficient with the following platform and Workday, Modern Hire, Salesforce, Bullhorn, Linkedin Recruiter, Boolean Indeed, Monster, Dice, Reddit and ZipRecruiter. Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint

Professional Experience

Virtual Recruitment Services, Boston, MA January 2023-Present
Technical Recruitment Consultant/Account Manager
Manage the recruitment function of Information Technology Professionals utilizing a consultative sourcing, assessment and selection approach that addresses client needs in a cost-effective manner.
Consult with candidates to define competencies for specific roles.
Interview, pre-qualify, negotiate offers and close hires. Perform reference checks.
Regularly called upon to troubleshoot difficult positions and source, identify, attract, secure and close hard-to-find candidates.
Prescreen candidates with detailed with detailed phone screens, evaluating candidates’ compatibility with specific job requirements, ensuring a right fit prior to submission to client. Track candidates’ activities (i.e. phone calls and emails) in Resource Tracking, the ESC applicant tracking system.
Edit and reformat resumes as necessary, adding relevant keywords increasing candidate match with client positions.

Randstad Sourceright in Support of Wells Fargo, Boston, MA November 2021-November 2022
RPO Talent Advisor, Technical and Financial Saucer, Training Specialist.
Act as the point of contact for client hiring managers on all assigned requisitions.
Execute sourcing methodologies to effectively develop a candidate pipeline.
Sell candidates on employment opportunities, extend and finalize offers.
Developed a 40-question test for Operations Department, Talent Development Managers, Talent Advisors and Sourcers.
Produced a Training video on Workday for Operations Department, Talent Development Managers, Talent Advisors and Sourcers. 30-50 percent response rate on Linkedin Inmails.
Led team every month in the submission of qualified, interested available candidates.
Led team in candidate applications.

Segue Search, New York, NY, Boston, MA
Information Technology Recruiter/Account Manager September 2018-November 2021
Billed over 100K in first six months of employment.
Recruited passive candidates by cold-calling, messaging and qualified candidates.
Prepped candidates for interviews.
Learned how to control candidate expectations.
Rebutted potential counteroffers.
Created client relationships indirectly and directly.
Learned Full Cycle Recruitment 360.
Negotiated Client Contracts.

Educational Experience
Loyola University – Chicago, IL Communications
Contact this candidate