SYED MOHAMMAD QAISER QADRI
(966-*********
ad31iz@r.postjobfree.com
Karachi, Pakistan
Pakistani
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Insightful and proactive IT Manager & Technical Engineer with 24 years of IT leadership, tech. support, and sales experience including oversight of infrastructure, application support, and maintenance services as well as troubleshooting and problem resolution. Dedicated to customer satisfaction with focused delivery of technical solutions.
EXPERIENCE
Customer Service & Technical Support Engineer
Trustech Technology (Kuwait): 2014 - 2020
● Monitored systems in operation and input commands to troubleshoot areas.
● Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve overall speed.
● Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from laptops and desktop systems.
● Broke down and evaluated user problems, using test scripts, personal expertise and probing questions.
● Explained technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote better understanding.
● Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Technical Engineer
Al-Masseel Group (Kuwait): 2013 - 2014
● Executed troubleshooting and server support, including in-person and remote situations.
● Monitored ongoing technical compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
● Maintained service schedule for software and hardware.
● Oversaw quality assurance management and offered suggested recommendations.
● Performed scheduled service work, including installations, testing and repairs.
● Provided secondary training to personnel struggling with technological tools and systems.
IT Manager
Dahiat Abdullah Al-Salem Co-op (Kuwait): 1998 - 2012
● Guided organizational technology strategy and roadmaps.
● Adjusted project plans to account for dynamic targets, staffing changes and operational specifications.
● Closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems.
● Demonstrated familiarity with latest hardware, software and networking technology, as well as industry trends.
● Oversaw IT department operations and training.
● Maintained camera and physical security systems.
● Installed and managed audiovisual equipment.
● Supported phone, photocopiers, fax machines, printers, LAN, WAN, WLAN routers, and other physical equipment.
● Managed network and system performance, conducting troubleshooting, security patching and maintenance.
● Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, coordinate and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision, mission and purpose.
● Led and assisted technical upgrade projects for clients by working and coordinating with consultants and developers for integrations.
● Communicated regularly with customers concerning data exchange and technology integration.
Sales & Service Engineer
Boushahri Group WLL (Kuwait) : 1994 - 1998
● Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.
● Grew sales and boosted profits, applying proactive management strategies and enhancing sales training.
● Increased sales by offering advice on purchases and promoting additional products.
● Boosted sales by conferring with customers to evaluate purchase requirements and recommend best-fit company offerings.
● Maintained records related to sales, returns and inventory availability.
● Solved customer challenges by offering relevant products and services.
● Educated associates on market trends and stayed up-to-date on forecasts.
● Answered customer questions regarding sizing, accessories and proper care for merchandise.
● Marketed and sold full range of products and support services.
● Tracked stock using company inventory management software. Computer Technician
Hussein M Al-Baghli (Kuwait): 1993 - 1994
● Linked computers to network and peripheral equipment, including printers and scanners.
● Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.
● Supported training departments and schools by accurately fixing hardware and software issues affecting computers and language labs.
● Monitored systems in operation and input commands to troubleshoot areas.
● Setup, installed and configured computers in various business locations to support operations and reporting.
● Collaborated with vendors to locate replacement components and resolve advanced problems.
Assistant Service Engineer
Honest Plastic (Pakistan): 1991-1993
● Worked cross-functionally within organization and external partners, integrators and vendors.
● Engaged in first-level support for customers requiring routine support and troubleshooting.
● Tested and checked performance of hardware and software programs.
● Analyzed and evaluated performance and optimized efficiency.
● Performed periodic testing of all networks and systems.
● Managed application patches, data backup, security changes, and network configuration.
EDUCATION
The Institute of Computer Technology
Karachi, Pakistan
Diploma in Hardware Engineering
1991
Punjab University
Lahore, Pakistan
Bachelor of Arts
1990
OTHER COURSES
● Time Management Training Course
German Academy (Kuwait): 2009
● Microsoft Office Specialist Course
Information Center Institute (Kuwait): 2001
● ISO 9001 Training Course
Baker Tilly International (Kuwait): 2009
● Creativity & Business Excellence Course
German Academy (Kuwait): 2010
SKILLS
● Project lifecycle management
● Failure analysis and resolution
● Hardware design
● Power distribution techniques
● Technological equipment installation
● Agile framework
● Quality assurance
● Time Management
● Attention to detail
● Microsoft Office
SPECIAL SKILLS
● Bilingual proficiency (Urdu & English)
Contact this candidate