Andrew Hoffman
**** * ****** ****** **. Tucson, AZ 85739 719-***-****
ad33wy@r.postjobfree.com
InformaƟon Technology Management and AdministraƟon Technical professional with extensive experience in overseeing all facets of informaƟon technology implementaƟon, management and administraƟon of large and small infrastructure and enterprise applicaƟons, security soluƟons and cloud / SaaS soluƟons. Capable at all seven layers of the OSI model with experience implemenƟng large client server ERP and other administraƟve systems in a distributed manner.
Proven success in direcƟng IT capital projects, cloud operaƟons, equipment acquisiƟons, and soŌware implementaƟons. Proﬁcient in aligning IT iniƟaƟves, goals, and objecƟves with organizaƟon’s strategic plan. Expert in creaƟng comprehensive strategies, managing project budgets, allocaƟng resources, and tracking expenditures to opƟmize cost-eﬀecƟveness. Adept at implemenƟng quality control measures and delivering high-quality IT soluƟons. Skilled at tracking project progress, integraƟng emerging technology and digital trends, and recommending investments in reliable and updated technology systems. Instrumental in ensuring transparency and accountability, fostering a posiƟve image of the IT department, and promoƟng collaboraƟve work environment. Ability to deal with all aspects of LAN, WAN and Data Center management, employee hiring, development and mentoring, human resource process, procedures in addiƟon to building management and security. Areas of ExperƟse
Azure Cloud OperaƟons & MigraƟons
VoIP SoluƟons & Call Centers
Disaster Recovery & Planning
Project/Program Management
IT Strategy & Planning
Cybersecurity & Data ProtecƟon
Infrastructure Management
Contract NegoƟaƟons
Database SoluƟons
VirtualizaƟon
BudgeƟng & Cost Management
IT Governance & Compliance
Vendor & Supplier RelaƟons
ConstrucƟon & Associated Technologies
Technical Proﬁciencies
Network: Cloud and hybrid-cloud, data centers, large scale wired and wireless soluƟons, various routers, and switches, DNS, DHCP, VirtualizaƟon of servers and desktops using VMware and Zen. Load balancers and packet shapers, VoIP, and other telecommunicaƟon technologies, network security. Andrew Hoffman
3560 E Silver Buckle Pl. Tucson, AZ 85739 719-***-**** ad33wy@r.postjobfree.com
Advanced experience with the design deployment and management of wired and wireless networks using various vendors such as Cisco, Meraki, and others. VLAN design and rouƟng, implementaƟon and management using various vendors such as Cisco, Meraki, and HPE. SDN design, deployment, and management In a VMware environment. Desktop virtualizaƟon using Horizon, Azure virtual machines, windows 365 and RDS farms.
Hardware: Dell and HPE server technologies, Apple, Cisco, Netgear and data center soluƟons, Nimble, EMC and other HPE SAN soluƟons, Management, and administraƟon of distributed SonicWall, Meraki and Palo Alto ﬁrewalls. Audit and log management soŌware soluƟons. SoŌware: ERP soluƟons, Student InformaƟon Systems, SQL, clustering acƟve-acƟve and acƟve-passive high availability soluƟons, performance tuning and management, Extensive design, management and performance tuning of VMware and associated SAN storage and networking, SolarWinds soluƟons, DNS, DHCP, MicrosoŌ, and Linux plaƞorms, Various SNMP Management, and alerƟng plaƞorms. Azure Entra ID, Azure AcƟve Directory Sync, MFA soluƟons and Password Self Service. Security policy deﬁniƟon and implementaƟon of tools to support policies.
TelecommunicaƟons: VoIP, Contact center operaƟons, Various PBX soluƟons from tradiƟonal hardware soluƟons to internal VoIP soluƟons and external providers, CosmoCom, InteracƟve Intelligence, Cost containment and reducƟon. Contract negoƟaƟons
Key Accomplishments
Managed annual budgets for department by overseeing 25 employees 7500 desktops, 700 servers, and 40 terabytes of replicated SAN storage, while conducƟng cost and producƟvity analyses to opƟmize ﬁnancial performance.
Played key role in implemenƟng PeopleSoŌ and CampusVue applicaƟons to support student administraƟon and student lifecycle management to enhance operaƟonal eﬃciency. Opened new business locaƟons as required.
Reduced expenditures in data center operaƟons, telecommunicaƟons, and soŌware licensing through implementaƟon of advanced technologies and eﬀecƟve contract negoƟaƟons. Led process of determining business requirements and directed opening of 400-seat call center based on soŌware VoIP soluƟon by employing project management experƟse and custom development. Assisted team in managing network, desktop, and telecommunicaƟon assets for 24 locaƟons across the United States.
Deployed organizaƟonal policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Sarbanes Oxley SecƟon 404 and FERPA.
Oversaw distributed VoIP call center implementaƟon project, including network expansion and conversion to virtualized server soluƟons.
Career Experience
Andrew Hoffman
3560 E Silver Buckle Pl. Tucson, AZ 85739 719-***-**** ad33wy@r.postjobfree.com
Rocky Point Technology Group, Tucson, AZ 2010 – September 2023 Company Owner
Establish specialized managed service provider catering to complex infrastructure needs serving clients throughout North America to increase market presence and proﬁtability. Oﬀer expert guidance to employees and clients, while facilitaƟng adopƟon of best pracƟces, opƟmizing soluƟons, and achieving signiﬁcant cost reducƟons. Oversee facility acquisiƟon, buildouts, and expansions as well as manage proﬁt and loss statements by addressing accounƟng and legal maƩers for contribuƟng to ﬁnancial stability and compliance.
IniƟated sales leads culƟvated valuable relaƟonships and nurtured trust within the company’s client base to promote steady inﬂux of new business and enhance customer loyalty. Supervised / managed data center operaƟons, delivered security-as-a-service soluƟons, ensured robust server support, implemented VoIP soluƟons, and facilitated seamless hybrid cloud migraƟons. Operated as trusted reseller for wide range of soŌware and hardware soluƟons by broadening company’s porƞolio and meeƟng diverse client needs. Successfully marketed and sold hardware, soŌware, and consulƟng services by augmenƟng revenue streams and diversifying company’s oﬀerings. AddiƟonal Experience
Corporate Director, Infrastructure, & OperaƟons, Alta Colleges Inc. Denver, CO Senior Manager InformaƟon Systems Mobile CommunicaƟons Division Colorado Springs CO Director infrastructure and operaƟons Digital Globe Longmont, CO Healthcare, technology, GIS, and construcƟon verƟcals Network Systems Manager, Trident Data Systems, Los Angeles CA IT Manager, Childrens hospital, Los Angeles CA
TS/SCI Comsec Custodian, United States Air Force, United Kingdom, and CA Volunteering
Habitat for Humanity, Commissioner for Oro Valley planning and zoning commission, CiƟzens Academy Oro Valley police department
Contact this candidate