Regina Pannell
Forest Park, Oklahoma
ad33n6@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile 405-***-****

Proposal/Program/Project Manager/Deputy Chief of Staff/EDI Project Manager broad expertise in Telecommunication IT/IP/EDI management. Project delivery, organizational leadership, proposal management with success in managing teams. Next Generation Information Technology (NGIT) senior governance and vendor managing software/hardware tools while nurturing and developing strong stakeholder relationships in Program Management.

Strategic Skills include:
Business Partner/Vendor Management/Manage Request for Proposal (RFP)
Cross-function/Organizational Team, Leadership Account Governance
Portfolio Management
Complex Fiber Projects, On/Off, Combination Fiber/Hybrid projects
Program/Project Governance/Single Point of Contact (SPoC)
Document Creation and Development Processes with Collaborative Teams
Talent Search: Including Offshore
Information Technology Software/Hardware – Projects
Service Level Agreement (SLA)/Statement of Work (SOW)- stakeholders
Strategy Development & Implementation Planning, Training, Coaching, Escalations
Request for Change (RFC)
Non-Standard Service Request (NSSR)
Power BI
Cloud Services
Cyber Security Network
Professional Experience
Hewlett Packard Incorporated (HPI) September 2022 - Present
IT Project Manager (Infrastructure) – Manage and refresh operating systems (OS), within engineer and IT architectural, as new servers were refreshed for network, do to cyber security risk management. Built servers based on application owners request, new requirements/dependencies for operating system. Refreshed batch servers, Apache, Tom cat, Web & batch servers during the new build process. Implement latest changes in HP NOW regarding fixes for OS server build processes. Engaged daily with HPI vendors DXC and NTT updates on requirements and documentation for daily build server request. Implemented Non-standard service request (NSSR) and (RFC) request for change to aid application teams as well as evaluate and implement allocations for budgeting, resources, and changes to third party applications. Worked on planning team for Cyber Vulnerability Remediation, planning a strategy to move servers from vulnerable platforms for cyber security refresh. Managed AT&T project platform within HPE/HPI Texas/Arizona hubs. Projects in preparations database and data center migrations as we moved new servers from hub to hub.

Leader Communications Incorporated May 2022 – September 2022
Telecommunications Program Manager
Manage complex communications-electronics infrastructure implementation projects across multiple communications disciplines, such as Air Traffic Control and Landing Systems (ATCALS) infrastructure, Voice (VOIP), UHF/VHF Radio, Optical Fiber, and structured cabling. Manage personnel performing site surveys, site preparation and installation of Standard Terminal Automation Replacement Systems (STARS) and relocation of Radar Approach Control (RAPCON) facilities and control towers. Provide leadership proficiency and awareness with abilities to influence and demonstrate teamwork with strengths in disciplined project management. Strategic planning communications, collaboration, teamwork, planning and organizing with strong excellence of focus on delivering results.
Manage Infrastructure Department
Supervises Infrastructure personnel and projects.
Maintain department equipment and vehicles.
Meets with customers to ensure personnel are providing quality services and potential clients to obtain future workload.
Prepares budget input for inclusion into company budget.
Develop department monthly metrics.
Perform site surveys and draft reports to programs – Weekly/Monthly
Draft and review infrastructure proposals to include labor hours, project schedules, equipment installation plans, list of materials, personnel travel, quality assurance plans and safety programs required to complete the project.

Hewlett Packard, (Remote) September 2019 – October 2021
Program Manager/ Lead Project Manager
Manage onboarding partner processes regarding NGIT global program to transition from SAP S4 deployment using new application and tools for launching EDI/SEDI hardware/software services for global partner transition, include end-to-end testing and support. EDI migration within the scope of partner design and deliverables. Collaborate with IT governance team to implement partner connection and mapping to transition from legacy “world” to NGIT go-live preparation. Complete milestones, analysis, design and solution for production validation and data migration. Coordinate mapping, test and onboard to deployment. Manage post go-live using solutions and tracking system for hyper care and other web services (WS). Launch everything as a service (EaaS) preparing for go-live, gathering business requirements, developing roadmaps as well as technical designs and program features.
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI)/SmartEDI Onboarding, Testing, Go Live for Next Generation Information Technology (NGIT), SmartEDI
Lead in launching Everything as a Service (EaaS) and eCommerce Platforms
Level3 Communications, Tulsa, OK (Remote) September 2014 – February 2018
Senior Technical Program/Project Manager
Accomplished day-to-day program/project execution of assigned projects, including project initiation, facilitation, project quality plan/development, ensuring project delivered on time, within scope and budget. Managed business/technical stakeholder relationships ensuring issues were addressed and resolved. Incorporated and assigned proper technician to their expertise roadmap for methods of procedures’ (MOPs). Used escalation path for proper IP changes to client ports and servers. Monitored networks and applications/inventory control. Provision fiber optic complex projects including hybrid solutions with the ability to delegate and negotiate due diligence.
Managed client implementation and infrastructure translations, plans, and designs.
for customer delivery of product changes
Define the scopes for projects and timelines identified for business needs.
Determined special requirements as needed for project scope definition, Cross-function teams and deliverables.
Conveyed SLA’s and SOW’s with planners and designers, other stakeholders.
Updated new router and port changes with MOP writing from technicians.
Managed IP models with technicians along with troubleshooting of failed grooms.
Hewlett Packard, (Remote) February 2009- July 2012
Proposal/Senior Project and Program Manager/Deputy Chief of Staff
Provided leadership coordination during project lifecycle, implemented and developed business.
processes, while managing internal and external stakeholder relationships in bid preparation
For end users with engagement of legal team and sales team. Established work plans.
For staffing each phase of bidding project. Monitored closure of projects at the end of the project cycle. Delivered and exhibited Account Review Decks/Storyboards and Visio diagram designs for architecture infrastructure solutions regarding (RPFs) internal and external reviews. Provided scope assumptions, cost models and target risk for proposals internal/external. Introduced new billing elements, and risk models regarding contractual agreements. Managed deal team functions certifying quality bids project delivery. Reviewed all documents and status reports prepared by project team appropriately with business partners using various communication tactics. Delivered proposal packages to vendor services to establish team objectives for client interface teams. Established offshore teams while meeting project goals.
Implemented project management processes and methodologies for IT bid management.
Tracked project milestones ensuring quality standards throughout the scope process
Developed architecture engineering plans and design infrastructure for stakeholders.
Identified solutions relevant to client IT managed professional program development.
Prioritized team responsibilities and tasks within contractual documentation, records retention, updated Service Level Agreement (SLA) as well as Statement of Work (SOW)
Initiated, planned and executed contractual deliverables and project management resolution for vendors, partners, as well departmental stakeholders.
Education
Doctor of Business Administration (D.B.A.), Concentration: Project Management
Walden University, Present

Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Southern Nazarene University

Bachelor of Science in Business Management, Business/Organizational Leadership
Southern Nazarene University

Sociology, University of Oklahoma
Contact this candidate