EAMON R. TIERNEY
Tinley Park, IL 708-***-**** ad34j7@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn.com/in/eamon-tierney
IT Manager
An IT Manager with leadership experience, with a deep knowledge and understanding of all phases of the System Development Lifecycle. Strengths include excellent communication skills, problem solving, technical proficiency, and a hands-on leadership style. Ability to work with business leaders to define priorities and project portfolios, project management, application development, and application support. Proficient at finding quick robust solutions that align with Business goals and objectives.
Core Skills
Project Management Requirements Gathering SDLC Agile Business Analyst DB ERP Programming

Technical Skills
COBOL RPG RPGLE RPG/400 CL OCL DB2 MS Project Visio MS suite Client Access
SEQUEL SQL Query400 ALDON ROBOT ServiceNow Turnover Control-M MQ iSeries FTP

Experience

WestRock/Rock-Tenn Company / Smurfit-Stone Container Enterprises, Inc 2001–2023
IT Manager
Manage, develop and coordinate IT solutions that align with business goals and objectives. Manage 3rd Party warehouse inventory system that supports 50+ mills / 166 warehouses globally and generates $1 Bn+ in annual sales (PK-Allocate Manhattan Associates). Order-to-Cash system for Baled Pulp Div. (2 Mills / $100MM+ annual sales). Scheduling to optimize production runs. Work with software vendors for middleware apps. Member of “Change Advisory Board (CAB), Major Incident Manager (MIM) coordinating Disaster Recovery exercises.
Manage Change Backlog Requests and Incidents using ITIL & Root Cause Analysis.
Developed and Implemented Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for the Baled Pulp division.
Coordinated efforts with multiple IT teams to convert legacy Mill stores inventory system (Avanti’s) to JDE EPAM MMS stores Inventory system. Thus, standardizing Store inventory across the enterprise.
Designed and developed automated document distribution system for invoices and order acknowledgements to external customer saving the company extensive labor hours and material costs.
Developed & Integrated Enterprise 3pl Whse. Inventory w/ WMS (JDA) and ERP order entry systems
Mentored Program Developers on best practices (ITIL) and techniques for RPG and COBOL develop. efforts.
Implemented new branding / accounting rules to the software applications for the Supply Chain Division.
Designed Developed and implemented Auto-Settlements to interface w/ JDE Accounts Payable System.
Designed, Developed & Implemented Inventory system with real-time API with order entry and invoicing.
Managed, Developed and Implemented multiple EDI forms for customers and suppliers.
Implemented changes to our SDLC process to achieve Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.
Design-developed Integrated Invoicing and Freight-Payment systems to feed our SAP Financial System via EAI (web methods) and converted invoicing documents to Planet Press(Document Forms).
Implemented a new warehouse inventory system, allowing the business to better serve customers.
Integrated Oracle based Sales Order Management system with AS/400-based centralized invoicing system.

Additional Relevant Experience

S & G Packaging, Chicago, IL Systems Manager IBMi System administrator
Stone Container Corporation, Chicago, IL Project Leader-Pulp Systems, Sr. Systems Analyst-Pulp & Newsprint Systems, Programmer Analyst / System Analyst / Sr. Systems Analyst
Education
Bachelor of Arts (BA), Political Science, Computer Science Loyola University Chicago
Contact this candidate