Nikelle Thompson 312-***-**** Tampa, FL
ad356w@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/nikellethompson
MANAGER,
COLLABORATION
SERVICES PROFILE
Experienced and analytical IT professional with over 25 years' expertise in delivering innovative solutions and exceptional support. I am a highly skilled technical writer with a strong background in comprehensive documentation, demonstrating outstanding organizational abilities while efficiently managing multiple tasks and prioritizing initiatives objectively. Proficient in issue resolution and problem solving, utilizing advanced communication skills to foster effective partnerships across departments. Known for providing thorough knowledge transfer to stakeholders and serving as a subject matter expert.
Core Competencies
Systems Analysis
Highest-Tiered Support
Troubleshooting & Issue Resolution
Data Migration
Collaboration Champion
Systems Process Design & Development
T E CHNICAL
PROFICIENCIES
Monitor and abate alerts for M365 in Compliance Manager
Safeguard and restrict access with conditional policies
Use ShareGate to migrate sites from on-prem to SharePoint Online. Archive obsolete site data
Completed migration of department network share to Teams: create Team and channels. Migrate the data to each channel for file and calendar collaboration
Create and enforce policies for Intune
Enable and deploy MFA for entire user community: configure access, create user and help desk documentation, instructed classes for Service Desk Technicians and users PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE
Senior IT Engineer, Novavax (03/2023 to 02/2024) Gaithersburg, MD_Fully Remote Design, implement, maintain, and support Microsoft 365 collaboration features and functionality. Bringing tactical and strategic experience focused on driving adoption of Enterprise Information Management using M365 collaboration technologies, including but not limited to SharePoint, Teams, OneDrive, Viva Engage, Project Online, Purview, Records Retention, Entra ID, Teams Voice and Dynamic 911.
Performs ongoing administration and account maintenance of the M365 tenant, deploys new service offerings, lead projects that define governance, establish compliance, and bring awareness. Acts as a technology champion and technical resource to broaden M365 adoption, training, and match use cases to solutions. Work with leadership to true up Microsoft EA, Unified Support and POD contracts.
Led or co-managed the following projects:
Avaya to Teams Voice Migration
E911 Implementation for Teams Voice
Data Classification/Records Retention for M365 using Purview
Yammer/Viva Engage Rollout
IT Engineer III, Novavax (02/2021 to 03/2023) Gaithersburg, MD_Fully Remote Single point of contact for Teams, SharePoint Online, OneDrive expert and champion. Created 400+ Teams, Channels, SharePoint sites and Viva Engage communities. Managed roles, files, membership and permissions.
2
Developed and delivered training to the business for new services/capabilities in M365 and related collaboration technologies.
Senior Network Engineer, Jewish United Fund (10/2007 to 12/2019) Chicago, IL Communicated within all levels of an organization and mentored a team of 7 people, thoughtfully relayed technical information for broad audiences encompassed multiple departments. Awarded leadership of multiple special projects increasing in complexity and scope including:
Engineered and built failover Hyper-V Cluster with 10 core server nodes
Built MS SQL Cluster
Led Active Directory 2008 R2 upgrade to 2019 Native
Configured and created remote desktop server farm
Designed and Deployed BYOD MDM program
Led Windows 10 implementation featuring Office 365
Team lead for Azure project: management and migration of traditional on-prem infrastructure to cloud-based automated infrastructure
Created, arranged, and documented Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity Plan Additional experience as a Senior Network Administrator & Help Desk Lead for Addus HomeCare KEY LEGACY
SKILLS
HP Proliant, Dell PowerEdge Servers, EMC Disk Arrays, SentinelOne, Tenable/Nessus, ServiceDesk & Zoho Vault Administration, Exchange Online, SCOM, VMM, WDS/MDT, IIS, Solarwinds, MFA, MDM, MAM, WSUS, SCCM, Group Policy, AppLocker, BitLocker, PSExec, AD Connect, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Microsoft Defender
E DUCATION Completed P.M.P. Exam Preparation Training PM Training, Claymont, DE
Classes toward B.S. in Business Administration
Drake University, Des Moines, IA
C E RTIFICATIONS Currently pursuing Project Management Professional Certification (P.M.P.) Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)
Comptia A+ Certification (A+)
OUTSIDE
INTERESTS
Currently serving as Treasurer and IT SME on the board of my local church, Exceedingly Growing Faith of Manatee (EGFM)
Served 2 years on the IT Sub-Culture Committee (Novavax)
Contact this candidate