William Snyder PMP
**** *** ****** **** *********, Florida 34205
ad36ma@r.postjobfree.com 305-***-****
Linkedin.com/in/williamasnyder
Strategic Consultant & IT Project Manager

Versatile IT Project Manager and certified PMP with repeated success guiding high-dollar, enterprise-level initiatives to deliver best-fit infrastructure / architecture solutions. Career success launching business-aligned IT solutions, leverage outstanding talent for consulting with C-level executives and senior decision-makers to define current- / future-state business requirements and implement solutions in alignment with enterprise objectives. Transform processes, systems, and architectures to enable technology-driven expansion of business capabilities. Seamlessly lead cross-functional and distributed teams, forge outstanding stakeholder relations.
Highlights of Expertise
Strategic Enterprise IT Planning
Iterative Implementation Methodologies
System & Technology Integration
Stakeholder & Partner Relations
Outsourced & On- / Off-Shore Teams
Strong Offshore Team management skills.
Full System Development Life Cycle Experience (Agile, Waterfall)
PMI Framework & Project Governance
Change / Risk / Issue Management
Requirement, Feasibility & Gap Analysis
Infrastructure Planning & Integration
Business Process Reengineering
Extensive PMO Experience
Vendor Management
RFP/RFI Issuance skills
PMP

Career Highlights
Prodapt
Implementation Project Manager May 2022 – November 2022
DRaaS cloud implementations
Cloud migrations to hosted public and private clouds.
BaaS Implementation to cloud
Fortinet firewall implementations
Maintained and reported schedules and finances for all projects.
PMS Real Estate
Project Manager Property/Project Manager February 2020 – August 2021
Damage assessment and restoration planning.
RFQ with multiple vendors.
Scheduling.
Vendor management
Maintained and reported schedules and finances for all projects.
City of Sarasota
Project Manager Consultant September 2016-July 2019
Implemented SaaS ERP (Dynamics 365)system for Permitting, Code Compliance and Licensing.
Ensured ERP was interfaced properly with city financial systems.
Converted all dta from Legacy systems to Dynamics SQL
Provided training and support for the new Dynamics CRM ERP.
Built out a new Data Center to provide in house hosting of the new system.
Provided hot aisle / cold aisle environment for cost savings.
Maintained and reported schedules and finances for all projects.
Rebuilt network closets throughout the city to current security and environmental standards.

JP Morgan Chase & Co. Tampa, FL
Project Manager Enterprise Strategy PMO April 2015-July 2016
Consulting position with the Enterprise Call Center PMO.
Implemented strategic site consolidations for international call centers.
On boarded third party vendors onto the JPMC voice and data networks.
Maintained project status, risks, and issue in tracking tools.
Reported program status to management, along with issue resolutions.
Collaborated with PMO leaders to implement new dashboard reporting.
AD PM for mobile API and web based applications.
Cisco Bank of America Account
Project Manager Enterprise Technology Infrastructure August 2014- February 2015 Fully Remote.
Consulting position integrating Cisco Advanced Services into the Bank of America environment.
Managed multiple data center load balancing upgrades.
Guided the installation of improved customer facing network and server environments.
Mentored team members in the use of project management and enterprise tools for monitoring project deliverables and milestones.
Univision Communications, Miami, FL
Project Manager Enterprise Technology Services PMO Sept.2013-July 2014
Consulting position reporting to the Director of the PMO. Lead multiple teams to conduct studio renovations and relocations, printer optimization, and remote network installation.
Managed World Cup IT team from planning to budgeting, testing and implementing the remote sites in Brazil for World Cup support and broadcast.
Built out new facilities for the studio editing teams.
Implemented enterprise wide network printer monitoring and control systems.

TBC Corporation, Juno Beach, FL
Project Manager Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, 2013 (3 month assignment May-August).
Consulting position reporting to the Director of Infrastructure Engineering leading an IT team to design, implement and test a business recovery solution for the corporate data center. This included all server, midrange and network components.
Implemented a role swap testing scenario with iTera replication on legacy ERP components reducing overall risk during testing.
Successful failover of AS 400 / iSeries systems.
Reviewed and remediated problems in SAP replication through the Mimix environment enabling better functionality and resiliency.
Utilized the SRM tool in the VMware environment for host/server systems to enable successful backup and restore functions with automated IP addressing.
Conducted successful testing and validation of the technical components in a failover simulation prior to the peak of Hurricane season in Florida.

Bank of America, East Hartford, Connecticut
Vice President – Network Computing & Corporate Support, 1997 to 2011
Advanced into VP-level IT leadership role within financial services leader, managing diverse IT infrastructure project portfolio and all project phases from initiation through delivery. Developed strategic solutions to requirements, issues, and obstacles, ensuring solutions aligned with enterprise objectives.
Spearheaded build-outs supporting Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity Planning (DR / BCP), establishing a redundant site and performing table-top testing to achieve benchmark of 100% recovery and no downtime for critical Wire Transfer function with 700 million dollars in transactions per day.
Led major environmental management / control initiative for 5K branches (IC3), partnering with environmental control vendor and Tritium software to orchestrate integration of HVAC, alarm systems, and physical facility management functions into corporate network for centralized monitoring and maintenance, as well as rapid response to issues.
Rolled out RAID 10 array with 100TB of storage supporting data analysis for IC3.
Planned, developed, and launched in-house call centers with 24/7, 365 capabilities, implemented Avaya VoIP and remote IP voice solutions and enabled integration of partner call centers. NICE call recording. Conducted extensive UAT and business requirements analysis.
Delivered $200M savings through reduction of physical plant heating and cooling usage and overall carbon emissions, dramatically decreasing rate of support needed from physical plant vendors (IC3).
Managed multiple projects as part of the merger and acquisition (M&A) process / system integration following M&A with Countrywide and Merrill Lynch, including call center voice recording, firewall, and email system consolidation.
Initiated the new BOA data center in Plano. Participated in planning and core infrastructure build out for over 100000 Square feet of data halls and building core.

Education & Credentials

BA University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT.
Professional Certification
Certified Project Management Professional (PMP)
CompTIA A+
SCRUM Basics Certification
Training & Development
Ongoing Continuing PMP Education
Leadership Development
Lean Six Sigma (DMAIC)
Technical Training: Maximo, Clarity, SharePoint, Microsoft Project & Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint), IaaS, SaaS, Microsoft CRM,VMware, PEN Testing, Cyber Security, and ARIES workflow software.
Agile, waterfall and hybrid methodologies.
AliBaba B2B certified
Affiliation
Project Management Institute member (PMI) – Contributed to Catastrophe Response Manual, mentor PMP candidates
Volunteer / Community Service
MCOA Mastiff Rescue
Former Commander US Coast Guard Auxiliary
Skywarn
Team Rubicon
Contact this candidate