Gregory Colbourne

**** ******** ********
McDonough, GA 30252
Home: 470-***-****
ad39pm@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Focused Operations Manager/ IT Support successful in contract negotiations and process improvement. Aim to gain in-depth knowledge of industry/ company procedures, protocols, trends, and shifts needed to offer valuable insights on opportunities for new growth and expansion. Proven and demonstrated ability to complete tasks accurately, with precision, despite interruptions and competing demands.
Skills
●Data Backup and Recovery
●Profit and loss accountability
●Ability to think critically and utilize all required skills and training, to provide safe quality services at all times
●Reliable and ethical leadership skills in management of record keeping, inventory accountability, employee development
●Proven ability to build positive relationships and communicate with consumers, retailers, co-workers, and other members of the team
●Schedule and calendar management
●Remote Support
●Experienced in quality customer relations
Experience
2/2019 - Present

LifeSouth Community Blood Centers Atlanta, GA
Computer Support Specialist

●Troubleshooting and repairing failures, preventing customers, access to critical applications throughout the organization.
●Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.
●Develop training materials and procedures and conduct training programs.
●Provide authoritative information or advice on computer systems and programs.
●Travel to other locations to repair, monitor, or upgrade equipment as necessary. Perform onsite wiring installations, verify, diagnose, and resolve cabling problems.
●Provide documentation and complete accounting of daily activities, problems and remedial action taken in a ticketing database or other electronic storage medium.

12/2016 - 2/2019
Vitran St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Technology Network Technician Lead

●Establish backup schedule for all database files and ensure monthly backups are performed as needed, Work with district and other government departments to plan or improve internet access activities
●Maintain inventory of all department equipment by location
●Diagnoses and troubleshoots hardware failures, Provides technical support for hardware and software in the office
●Update system configuration and keep up to date on latest hardware and software advancements, Set up and test new computers, printers, equipment, PC’s, etc. Install programs, train users in Internet Access issues.
●Formulate plan for equipment and data integration between various departments
●Prepares technical reports relative to the functioning of the system, Provides staff support in the areas electronic mail account management
●Facilitates software updates as needed for operating system and general application software, Maintain contact with alternative resources in the event of system failure and maintain adequate backup on data (except E-mail) and software for recovery of system
●Monitors program operation and devises recovery plans for system failure situations.

11/2014 - 12/2016
Alcatraz Security and Technologies St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Installer

●Experience designing, installing, servicing, and monitoring fire systems.
●Perform simple installs and programming/testing of a variety of systems and equipment, including access controls, videos, intercoms, turnstiles, and intrusion/alarm system.
●Monitored multiple databases to keep track of company inventory. Maintained the order and privacy of company and client records.
●Analyzes repair requirements and provides customers with appropriate solutions.
●Respond to routine and complex service calls and scheduled maintenance calls, including emergency, and after-hours service calls on a timely basis, to diagnose, troubleshoot repair, and debug systems.

Education and Training
2000

1998
Certificate Eddison Tech
Rochester, NY

High School Diploma Ivanna Eudora Kean
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Contact this candidate