Drew Stone
**** ******** **. · Springfield, VA, *2151 · 703-***-****(C) · ad3af2@r.postjobfree.com

Expired/Inactive Secret Clearance

Over 25 years of proven experience. Systematic troubleshooting, creative problem solving, energetic, Progressive management style. Proven team builder who inspires a positive motivating work culture, encouraging staff to cross train and reach new levels of achievement.

Areas of Expertise include:

Troubleshooting
Agile Problem Solving
Budget Minded Solutions
Team Building
Migrations, Mergers, and Moves
Multitasking
End User Satisfaction
Crisis Management
Business Continuity

Experience & Notable Contributions

Oliff PLC · Alexandria, VA
2019 - 2023
IT Manager
Leveraged existing technology to increase the remote work staff capabilities from 25 users up to 200 users with zero cost
Migrated E-Mail spam filter from on premise to a cloud based solution allowing for extended retention and archiving
Moved physical corporate office from to new location with zero downtime
Decommissioned remote offices and consolidated remote File servers
Managed both on site and remote computers across multiple locations
Decommissioned antiquated on premise phone systems company wide and migrated to a hosted VOIP solution for all users
Consulted on new office build out to include cabling infrastructure, WAP layout, fiber runs and AV conference center design
Cross trained staff to increase efficiency
Streamlined software installations, registry changes and patch deployment to be run in "silent mode"
Managed a team of 3 technicians to support the Oliff offices and remote users
Tracked technician KPI's to ensure helpdesk efficiency and load
Utilized Spiceworks to document helpdesk tickets and maintain a record of solutions for future reference
Implemented PDQ Deploy and PDQ Inventory

SENTEL Corporation (acquired by Vectrus) · Alexandria, VA
2007 - 2018
Director of IT
Revamped entire IT infrastructure
Developed a Standard SENTEL hardware and software configuration
Migrated company email from a shared off premise to a secure on premise solution Exchange 2013
Multiple Physical office moves and build outs
Datacenter collapse with migration and integration to onsite location
Managed both on site and remote staff supporting nearly 1800 users
Maintained Always-Up point to point Branch office VPN
Assisted in acquisition, and migration of 24/7 Solutions LLC
Assisted in collapse and separation of Dimensions International
Implemented migration from PRI to Hosted VOIP Telephony for all SENTEL locations
Consulted on SCIF design and build
Reimaged corporate computers to Vectrus Standard Image
Migrated company email from on premise Exchange 2013, to Office 365 Cloud
Multiple Physical office moves and build outs
Domain and network integration to Vectrus Network and security standards
Assisted in acquisition, and migration of SENTEL Corporation data
Supervised a small staff between locations to support all SENTEL projects and users
Used TrackIT ticketing system to track metrics for the IT staff

Dimensions International HQ · Alexandria, VA
2002 - 2007

Helpdesk Manager/ Senior Systems Administrator,
Spec, design, and configuration of corporate infrastructure, to include servers, desktops, network topology, telephony, firewalls, switches and software.
Prioritize trouble tickets and disseminate to technicians for efficient resolution.
Track Helpdesk technician’s metrics
Patching and Maintenance of Corporate application, file, and web servers.
Network Optimization through switch configuration
Network monitoring for consistent uptime
Upgrade and Maintenance or WatchGuard Firewall
Employee Software/Hardware Training

PSInet Inc. · Herndon, VA
2000 - 2002
Senior NT Engineer, NT/Windows Team Lead, Sr. Systems Administrator
Designed and managed the implementation of “Code Red” and subsequent security patch management
NT Domain to Active Directory Domain conversions and creation
PSInet Herndon “CERT Team” representative (responsible for final decisions on Microsoft Trouble Calls to lower the overall per incident charges
Responsible for design, support and maintenance for over 1500 NT Servers
Provide training and support to first and second tier engineers and NOC staff.
Handling escalated tickets that could not be handled by first and second level tiers
Diagnose and harden network servers and security
Research connectivity and throughput anomalies throughout LAN and WAN
Manage both in house and co-located customer servers
Provided Live Video Streaming for NASA Space Channel increasing view capacity and overall content quality
Interacted directly with customers and sales staff to provide the best case scenarios
Used Remedy ticketing system deployed from the corporate office

Aden Enterprises Inc. (Rivulus, Navlet) · Omaha, NE
1999 - 2000
Senior NT Engineer, NT/Windows Team Lead, Sr. Systems Administrator
Manage Wide Area Network environment using NT 4.0 and Server 2000
Administer network backup with ArcserveIT 6.61 (With Exchange Agent)
Expand the network by purchasing, configuring, installing and monitoring of switches, routers, firewalls and Citrix Servers
Direct customer and end-user interaction pointed at Client/Server applications and web sites
Design and development of Aden Enterprises, Rivulus, Navlet, and CustomerRatings.com web sites, as well as corporate intranet sites.
Created task specific hardware and software configurations for remote offices and users.
Provided live video streaming for Aden Enterprises online auctioning.
Provided Live video streaming for “Greyhounds Go Glamorous” a benefit for Greyhound rescue sponsored by Aden Enterprises

Hardware and Software Experience

Hardware

Dell Servers
Dell Equalogic SAN/NAS
HP Servers
Watchguard Firewalls
Fortinet Firewalls
Galaxy Control Systems Badge access
ClearCube Virtualization Hardware
Barracuda Spam Appliance
Polycom VVX series VOIP
Cisco 69XX series VOIP
SNAP servers

Software

Dell Appassure
Panda Spam
Barracuda Cloud based spam filter
Adobe Suite (Fireworks, Dreamweaver, etc.)
MS Exchange 2010, 2013, 2016
DoveStone Suite (AD Advatange, AD Gal, etc.)
PDQ Deploy and PDQ Inventory
Deltek Costpoint, ET
Sophos Cloud administered AV
CentralPoint Enterprise AV
Veritas Backup Software
Arcserve UDP Backup (Physical device and cloud)

References

Contact Information Available Upon Request

Brian Drozd
Patent Atty. and Partner, Williams Mullens

Matt Barthalow
Patent Atty., Williams Mullens

Doug Lang
Program Manager/System Architect, SAIC

Michael W. Royer
Senior VP and CFO, Applied Research Associates

Dr. Charles Painter
Vice President, Business Development ICS Federal

Dr. Eric D. Williams
Owner, Williams & Company

Russel T. Wright
CEO, SENTEL Corporation & Owner SalveraMD

Michael J. Smith
Vice President, Advanced Application and Engineering, V2X

Christopher Schuster
Vice President, TekSynap

Chet Young
Vice President, Logistics, Vectrus Corporation
Contact this candidate