LEADING ORGANIZATIONS THROUGH PROGRAM AND PROJECT TRANSFORMATIONS
Analytical and strategic servant leader with deep expertise in delivering technology programs, roadmaps and projects that position organizations in competitive markets. Highly regarded for ability to lead cross-functional teams to deliver on set objectives and prioritized goals. Bridge gaps between business and technology, partnering with executive leadership to translate requirements into effective product/project roadmaps. Cultivate culture of accountability and continuous improvement with strong sense of ownership, defining core, common processes that shape organizational approach to information technology (IT) integrations. Take great pride in empowering teams to develop professionally while managing expectations and deliverables.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

●Strategic Planning
●IT Systems & Infrastructure Implementation
●Process & Procedure Enhancement
●Agile Project Management
●Compliance & Due Diligence
●Leadership & Team Development
●Systems Integration
●Lean Methodologies
●Technology Adoption
●Prioritization & Resourcing Strategy

SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS
●Internal company resource/consultant, focused on managing technical, cost, risk and schedule of project to maximize the use of acquired applications.
●Implemented SCRUM Team and Agile planning for development and support teams utilizing Jira and Microsoft DevOps.
●Managed large scale deployments of business-critical systems such as Salesforce, Cornerstone, Intelex, Lawson ERP, INFOR, Concur and more across global operations utilizing SDLC process and controls.
●Experienced in delivering custom-configured solutions supporting multiple divisions such as streamlining financial controls across 180 plants and over 1800 users across Americas in multiple languages.
●Lead the Integration of 52 different payroll systems across Europe and Americas, combining 48,000 employee records into centralized solution (centralized within Salesforce) for systems integrations at Smurfit Kappa Group. Successfully standardized reporting, security, data sharing and analytics.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Smurfit Kappa Group / Irving, TX 4/1/2014–1/18/2024
Head of Program Management Office (2020–2024) Information Systems Integration Manager (2017–20202) IT compliance and Program Manager (2014–2017)
Manage program and project execution for multiple enterprise IT programs throughout acquisition and divestiture application life cycle. Work with various business disciplines to ensure coordinated project delivery meets business priorities, scope, budget, and deliverables. Direct project execution of business systems implementation and integration activities in support of business-critical applications, work cross-functionally, partnering with global IT, finance, sales, and human resources teams to ensure rollout, adoption, change management and ongoing support of each system. Collapse localized legacy applications and system through centralization and standardization. Own change management and serve as empathetic leader, articulating benefits to leadership while shaping new operations, determine overall impact, including ongoing costs and necessary resources. Lead, motivate, and develop 11 direct reports, continuously improving performance, influence, and impact. Administer $8M budget.
●Automated manual process flows reducing customer credit approvals by 17 days in under 6 months. Accelerated order process and product delivery for new customers while extending customer accounts to manufacturing facilities throughout the Americas.
●Implemented the first-ever company standardized cloud-based human capital management system, encompassing compensation, performance, talent, learning, and applicant tracking solution for 48,000 employees.
●Coordinated with chief financial officer and human resources to integrate payroll system of acquired Texas based businesses. Transitioned over 1,200 employees within 3 months to new HCMS and corrected previously overlooked HR error, implementing framework to consistently pass annual audits.
●Authored new governance policies and procedures manual, impacting 2,500 employees across US and Mexico. Laid foundation, positioning organization to undergo 9 mergers and acquisitions throughout tenure.
American Express / Scottsdale, AZ 5/1/2013–4/1/2014
Director of SharePoint Center of Excellence
Spearheaded on-premise operations of SharePoint, delivering over $5M cloud-based Azure solutions for more than 46 independent business customers. Integrated American Express Travel and evolved change management to educate and train all team members to utilize system in compliance with payment card industry (PCI). Managed offshore team of 250 in Philippines and India, ensuring business continuity across time zones. Guided operations to meet compliance controls, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) compliance obligations. Developed strategic plans and objectives within client budgets.
●Orchestrated transition to Microsoft SharePoint platform and delivered projects within 7 months and on budget.
●Stood up project management matrix team to support growing pipeline of complex projects and additional projects from American Express Worldwide. Demonstrated analytical and problem-resolution skills as pragmatic leader.
OneNeck IT Solutions / Tempe, AZ 2/1/2011–5/1/2013
Customer Operations Manager
Supported business development activities, delivering compelling value proposition to build portfolio of Fortune 500 companies and private entities. Leveraged people leadership experience to coordinate with teams across data centers, managing client server and network infrastructure customers in areas of SAN, ERP, Exchange, SharePoint, Lync 2010, Unix, and Linux in outsourced environment. Led project execution for Infomix, Oracle, SAP, Microsoft Exchange Migration, SharePoint upgrades, and network implementations. Applied excellent verbal and written communication skills, articulated complex information to clients and acted as advocate, providing visibility to needs and concerns of stakeholders. Nurtured client relationships and defined IT service operations delivery mechanisms, meeting service level agreement (SLA) requirements and resolving service operations issues across IT portfolio. Consistently identified solutions to reduce costs and increase efficiency, yielding high customer satisfaction.
● Developed strategic plans and executed for large accounts, Orange County Container Group to outsource their entire IT technical infrastructure and support and location services. Successfully led migration from SAP and Oracle and relocated operations from CA to data centers in AZ within 3 years. Stood up help desk for continuous support.
City of Avondale / Avondale, AZ 2/1/2002–2/1/2011
Director of Information Technology
Directed continuous expansion and upgrade of network and security operations to facilitate city's rapid growth. Coordinated teams to provide 24/7 technical operations and served as principal architect for multiple in-house .NET, C#, and JAVA applications for risk, grants, police, fire, and administrative departments. Worked cross-functionally with legal and HR teams to produce technology policy and procedure and monitored service levels.
● Directed consolidation of 19 phone systems into single VoIP solution, combined over 18 remote server operations into centralized data center, linked all remote buildings with licensed/unlicensed wireless communications, and installed help desk operations within 2 years. Enhanced communications across municipal employees.
● Implemented Lawson, Kronos, and Accela enterprise resource planning (ERP) applications, optimizing human resources and project management capabilities. Accrued over $1.2M in annual savings.
•••
Additional experience includes Network Information Services Manager and Triad Performance Technologies, and Guest Services, Cast Member at Walt Disney World.

EDUCATION AND ADDITIONAL TRAINING
University of Phoenix – MBA with Concentration on Business Administration and Global Operations
Central Michigan University, Mount Pleasant, MI – Bachelor of Science with Concentration in Business Administration

Certified SAFe® 5 Agilist – Scaled Agile Certified Agile Leadership for Organizations
Certified SCRUM MASTER – Scrum Alliance Certified Agile Leadership of Teams
Certified Product Owner – Scrum Alliance Certified Agile Leadership Essentials
Certified Project Manager – University of Phoenix (2001)
Contact this candidate