RESUME

Vijayaalayan sargurunaathan
Email ID: - ad3fp1@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile :- +91-988*******

CAREER SUMMARY

Project Management/ Service Delivery Operations:
Planning project activities viz. scoping, estimation, tracking, change management, delivery management and post implementation support.
Implementing project plans within preset budgets and deadlines.

Work Experience

Working as IT Operations manager TVH (I) Pvt Ltd, Chennai Since Sep 14th 2007 to Till Date

Worked as System Engineer Lifecell India Pvt Ltd Nov 2004 to sep 2007

Worked as in System Administrator Trident Technologies 2001 to 2004

IT Infrastructure

Establishment of IT Infrastructure for corporate, Complete life cycle knowledge from designing, planning, Migration, and operational.

Complete process knowledge for managing applications, operating systems, hardware requirements and operational manpower requirement planning.

Data Centre and NOC

Experience in establishment of Data Centre and Creation of NOC, have managed high end data centre for very high end setup.

Vendor Management

Process knowledge of handling vendors and operating as vendor for very high end Commercial projects.

Knowledge of Request for Proposal (RFP) document creation, Tender Process and rate negotiation.

Technical Management

Managed and leading multiple projects and operations with all technical teams like Windows, Linux, Network, Checkpoint Firewall Security, VM Ware, Database, Web services.

Application Management, End user computing and Service Desk.

Domain Expertise

Have IT Infrastructure management for domain like Mail server, ISP, FMCG, BFSI, Real Estate and Construction Industry.

Application Development

Complete knowledge of ERP Application development life cycle for internal and external customers.

ERP Application development knowledge for Real Estate and Construction Domain.

Transition and Transformation

Experience of project transition, preparing project related documents and implementation of committed parameters

TECHNICAL CERTIFICATIONS
Checkpoint certified security administrator
Cisco Certified Network Associate
Certified in Aconex RFI system
Certified in IN4 Velocity ERP
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company : True Value Homes (I) Pvt Ltd
Designation : IT Manager Operations

Role & Responsibilities

Managing a team of around 15 resources at the site and operations for project.

Handling setup of 40 server, 1500 users and 50 network devices.

Managing Infrastructure roll out projects and other Standardization projects.

Leading and Managing Technical towers Projects and Operations.

Ensuring all the agreed SLA are delivered and no deviation recorded.

Managing quality through frequent audit reports at the site.

Creating processes and documentation for quality service desk setup.

Ensuring Patch, IOS management for all servers and network team.

Daily Review of Operations with client across continent.

Company : Lifecellindia Pvt Ltd
Designation : System Engineer

Role & Responsibilities

Oversee day-to-day IT operations for the HMEL site and supporting 150 user setup

Implemented Hot Spot and RF based Internet Solution across HO and Site locations.

Implemented Project for 50 Buildings LAN Cabling.

Ensure effective end-user support for all IT issues, and act as escalation point

Ensuring that the correct priorities are understood by all support groups and required solutions expedited in line with business expectations.

Perform periodic service delivery reviews with business groups, and with the and other third party vendors, and follow up agreed improvement plans

To understand how IT service is received in plant and capture business concerns

Communicate and promote Line IT policies and strategic initiatives.

Plan, implement and test disaster recovery options to ensure business

Continuity in the event of a failure on IT related services or infrastructure

Leading team of Server’s, Network, Systems and Helpdesk Engineers.

Part of Implementation team for Wireless Network and Tetra System..

Designed and Implemented 4high end applications from start to end.

Arranging best technical expertise based on situations and scenarios

Company : Trident Technologies Pvt Ltd
Designation : System Administrator

Role & Responsibilities

Handling Server Calls for Windows 2000.

Handling Backup for 50 windows servers.

Leading team which handles the end user calls.

Handled end to end Technical support.

Handled around 1500 End User Support.

Taking care of Tech support for Senior management and SPOC for them.

Managing IT Operations and Tech support .

ACHIEVEMENTS

Study on VMware Environment having 45 servers farm, and implementing a major change in the setup.

Handled 5 Major high end projects related to VM Networks.

Established High End Data Centre with over 25 Network, Servers and Router Racks with redundant Infra and availability of 24*7

Establishment of DR Site at TATA Communications Data Center

Implementation of Hot Spots internet facility for the Residential Units

Implementation of Audio Video Project for 15 Rooms including Board room.

PROFESSIONAL AWARDS

Appreciation Certificate for services by VMware for private cloud

Awarded Best Employee of the Technical support

Awarded Best Support service in IN4 Velocity CRM

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in computer science Alagappa University.

Post Graduate Diploma in DBA from SSI

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth: 23-05-1975
Marital Status : Married
Address : Sri Karpagambal Kripa Apts
NO 38/4 Bazaar street
West KK Nagar
Chennai -78
Contact this candidate