DEBORAH WILSON, M.S., PMP, CSM
512-***-****• Austin, TX • ad3ia8@r.postjobfree.com

IT PROJECT MANAGER
Product Management Development Staff Management

Versatile, innovative strategist recognized as an accomplished Information Technology Project Manager with 20+ years of wide-ranging experience encompassing the technical and managerial leadership of development, infrastructure, and managing IT projects. Directs the translation of customer requirements into effective technical solutions and determines if proposed projects are technically possible and safe, ensuring the quality of all projects. Commended throughout career for formulating effective plans, improving ROI, and achieving consistent year-over-year growth. Notable success directing a broad range of initiatives and implementing solutions supporting overall objectives.

SIGNATURE COMPETENCIES

Project Management Communication Strategic Planning
Computer-based Proficiency Personnel Administration Troubleshooting
Relationship Building Vendor Management Problem-Solving
Risk Analysis Team Building Resource Allocation
Performance Management Training & Coaching Critical Thinking

LEADERSHIP IMPACT

Trusted Technical/Management Development Partner who consistently delivers quantifiable value by leveraging emerging technology and business insights to optimize value.
Project Management strategist with an entrepreneurial mindset and a contemporary approach to solving diverse business problems through technology innovation, scalability, and reliability.
A results-driven, Decisive Leader who is highly skilled at building relationships, managing change, creating measurable procedures, and counseling/developing individuals and teams.
In-depth expertise in Project Development Technology, business continuity, and leading projects through the complexities of varying priorities and agendas.

EXPERIENCE

Charles Schwab Senior Information Technology Project Manager Jan 2008 – Jan 2024
Oversaw project teams and ensured IT projects were completed on time.
Established a Project Management Office (PMO) and directed and coordinated the utilization of resources across project divisions to reach targets.
Ensured compliance with budget and other project requirements.
Documented instructions for end-users and assisted with testing the final product.
Communicated with stakeholders during all project phases and closed it efficiently.
Led a $5M Schwab platform migration onto a third-party vendor platform for financial firm acquisitions (Windhaven, Thomas Partners, Blackrock): responsible for budget, resources, scrum teams, developers, testers, and implementation.
Managed a multi-year new product implementation for the Retirement Plan Services domains.
Provided metrics and reports for internal representatives, gathered requirements, and updated required documentation for auditors.
DEBORAH WILSON Page 2

EXPERIENCE CONTINUED
Directed and managed twelve SEC Regulatory projects, ensured Schwab followed new regulatory laws and mitigated any risks that could damage Schwab’s brand or result in financial penalties.
Served as an advocate for internal customer requirements and upgrades for projects $100K to $10M.
Onboarded and mentored over 25 Junior Project Managers

Dell Technologies, Round Rock, TX Information Technology Project Manager Jan 1998 – Dec 2007
Accomplished information technology staff results by communicating job expectations.
Managed and hired staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training new employees.
Maintained the organization’s effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic plans.
Directed technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and user projects.
Completed projects by coordinating resources and timetables with user departments and data centers.
Verified application results by conducting system audits of technologies implemented.
Preserved assets by implementing information security and control structures.
Recommended information technology strategies, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes.
Accomplished financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing annual budgets, and scheduling expenditures.
Maintained quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.
Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Tracked project budget and resource utilization against the plan.

CERTIFICATIONS & EDUCATION

Master of Science Degree, Organizational Leadership/Project Management – Regis University, Denver, CO
Bachelor of Business Administration Degree – University of Texas at Austin
Certified Project Management Professional (PMP)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

Agile, Kanban, RUP, Waterfall, Microsoft Project, Microsoft 365, Jira, Confluence, Salesforce, Tableau, Workday, Clarity, SDLC, Product Management
Contact this candidate