Jimmy Hsu
Diamond Bar, CA 909-***-**** ad3jrm@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimmy-hsu-44340762/ INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR
SUMMARY
A seasoned information technology leadership professional with 20+ years of expertise leading a diverse scope of IT functions and domains, including project management, enterprise application implementation, infrastructure design consulting, and ensuring seamless system availability.
Possesses a Master of Science in Information Technology, multiple industry certifications, and an expansive skills and an impressive project lifecycle management portfolio.
Leverages strong communication and interpersonal strengths to build client and stakeholder relationships, foster cross- functional collaboration, and drive service excellence. Fluent in English and Mandarin. CORE COMPETENCIES
Project Management • IT Operations Management • Enterprise System Implementations • Vendor Maneagement Team Leadership • Stakeholder Relationship Management • Data Mart Design • Contract Negotiations • Resource Management Strategic Planning • Application Deployments • Continuous Process Improvement • Cloud Solutions • Data Analysis & Reporting • Business Intelligence Design • System Architecture • Network Management • Requirements Analysis CAREER OVERVIEW
CTY TECHNOLOGY INC, Albertson, NY 9/2023 – Present PROJECT MANAGER / CONSULTANT
Managed vendor outsourced partnership and client relationship, including solution evaluation, service delivery output, application implementation and post support.
Provided services include end user support, server and network administration, database administration and performance tuning, virtualization (Hyper-V & VMWare), business application implementation, MS Identify Management and MS Endpoint Management solutions.
Select Achievements
In the process of delivering US MS Intune implementation project, to be completed by end of Feb, 2024.
Reduced system downtime and achieve cost optimization via virtualization high availability (Hyper-V HA), consolidated IBM MQ server, brokerage system, SQL server, AD servers.
Successfully completed AD migration project, from Windows 2012r2 to Windows 2022 with 80+ clients joined and configured.
Reduced major reports query time from over 20min to 5 secs or less by tuning the SQL statements.
Reduced MS SQL daily backup time from over 1 hour down to 5min by re-design the database system architecture. OEC GROUP, Queens, NY 8/2018 – 5/2023
DIRECTOR OF IT, US REGION
Accountable for leading the enterprise system application function, budget, contracts, and six team members to maintain a 99.9% system availability in support of 800+ end users across the US and Mexico.
Identified opportunities for process improvements that reduce costs, deliver greater efficiencies, and optimize workflows in support of the overarching company goals.
Managed vendor outsourced partnerships and solutions, including contract negotiations, business application implementations, and a vast spectrum of transformational programs.
Led the full project lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, development, deployment, and operation on a variety of organizational project initiatives, including project scope, resource, vendor, and risk management. Select Achievements
Successfully improved the system application team’s efficiency by 33% by enforcing SOP documentation and executing the incident and service request management processes.
Accomplished 100% visibility of each requirement’s status throughout the life-cycle and improved maintenance efficiency by 50%, by deploying the requirement & release management processes using Azure DevOps Service.
Reduced vendor costs by 30% while ensuring the maintenance of the SLA at no additional cost, such as the SugarCRM system and the freight rates & quotation system, after reviewing contracts and identifying the opportunities to acquire better terms.
Successfully onboarded 20+ customers to utilize various EDI pipelines and PO Management solution by implementing the tech package presale process with the senior management team
Delivered VP and Management level dashboards (via PowerBI), using a combination of volume, revenue, profit, and head Jimmy Hsu
Diamond Bar, CA 909-***-**** ad3jrm@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimmy-hsu-44340762/ count trend, to address company’s overall operation overhead for each branch office.
Recognized for effectively leading high profile enterprise-level program initiatives on time and within budget:
· US Freight Rate & Quotation Management Project (Magaya Catapult and Wisetech CargoSphere)
· US Accounts Receivable Management Project (FIS GetPaid)
· US Next Generation Core ERP Project (Wisetech CargoWise One)
· 3PL Virtual Warehouse Project (3PL Central)
· Multiple Azure Cloud Solution Projects (Server migration & Consolidation, Entra ID implementation, AVD implementation) HTC, New Taipei City, Taiwan 1/2018 – 7/2018
ASSISTANT MANAGER, IT CUSTOMER SERVICE
Responsible for managing vendor relationships, including governance of the contract SLA, vendor service delivery output and other master service agreement contractual terms.
Defined and implemented incident process, requirement and bug processes to quantify and improve system maintenance efficiency.
Developed and adhered to established processes for system retirements, service usage management analysis, cost optimization, and stakeholder expectations.
Select Achievements
Effectively identified the system utilization rates in partnership with key business users to deliver potential cost savings.
Reduced system operation cost by 40% by consolidation and retirement, with system design help from the Azure cloud team and database team. Performed a cost comparison between cloud and on-premises setup, to quantify the possible total saving to management team.
CENTURY TECHNOLOGY COPORATION, Taipei, Taiwan 10/2009 – 12/2017 PRINCIPAL ARCHITECT / CO-FOUNDER
Charged with leading a team of 10+ members responsible for application development and support, infrastructure design, database and network support, and project management for technology programs.
Fostered cross-functional participation and cooperation to develop and deliver the full project lifecycle from inception to implementation centered in CRM (MS Dynamics), DataMart (MS SQL & Teradata), and private cloud infrastructure.
Served as the key principal for CRM related solutions, data warehouse and DataMart requirements. Select Achievements
Delivered numerous projects on time and within the established budget, including project scope, resource management, vendor management and stakeholder relationship management.
Managed 20+ Chunghwa telecom projects to completion, including Next Generation CRM, DataMart for Mobile and OTT services, ETL and Report Design, Private Cloud (server/storage/network) implementation. Oversaw project scope definition, resource management and vendor management.
Acknowledged for successfully leading the China Airlines Campaign Management System and Yahoo Campaign Management System, including requirements analysis, system design, troubleshooting, and database tuning. COBRASONIC SOFTWARE, INC, Taipei, Taiwan 3/2007 – 9/2009 PRESALE CONSULTANT
Partnered during the pre-sales stage with clients and consulted on architectural design and implementation of the portfolio of IT management tool for enterprise customers.
Provided support for IT management solutions, including ITIL related efforts and database integration relations solutions and upsell opportunities.
Served as the lead engineer on projects such as Long Chen Paper Corporation Data Migration Project, Chunghwa Telecom and DataMart projects, and the TENAS System Integration Project. GALAXY SOFTWARE SERVICES, LTD., Taipei, Taiwan 10/2004 – 10/2006 TECHNICAL CONSULTANT, SYSTEM SERVICES
Served as the consultant for architectural design of enterprise IT management tools, including job scheduling tools, system and database management tools.
Provided pre and post implementation support for projects, including both technical and customer needs in the capacity of lead engineer.
Conducted product analysis and provided marketing plans for responsible products. Project lead on a diverse scope of projects. Jimmy Hsu
Diamond Bar, CA 909-***-**** ad3jrm@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimmy-hsu-44340762/ EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Master of Science in Information Technology
Arkansas Tech University, Russellville, AR
Bachelor of Science in Biology
University of British Columbia, British Columbia, BC Certifications: MCP, WBSA Business Planning, ITIL V3 Foundations TECHNICAL ACUMEN
Software/Applications:
MS Project • MS SQL Server • SSIS • SSAS • PowerBI • Azure DevOps • MS Intune • Tableau • MS Dynamic CRM • SugarCRM • Oracle • MS SharePoint • FreshService • CargoWise One • FIS GetPaid • Teradata • Hyper-V • VMWare • Cloudera • BMC & IBM Tivoli Monitoring (System and database management) • Compuware Application-Vantage (Network performance analysis) OS / Software Languages: Windows • Linux • SQL • C# • Shell script
Contact this candidate