Page * of *
Mehul Patel (US Citizen)
IT Project Manager / Production Support
Engineer
ad3kzl@r.postjobfree.com
978-***-****
** ******* *****
Lowell,
MA,
01854
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Efficient professional with 24+ years of experience and a proven knowledge of advanced technology, asset management, and e-trading. Aiming to leverage my skills to successfully fill the IT Project Manager / Lead Support Engineer role at your company.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages
RPG/400, CL/400, SQL/400, RPGIII, RPGIV, RPG ILE, RPG Free, CL ILE on IBM iSeries OS/400 and IBM i operating system. Visual Basic on Windows Operating system. Database
DB2, SQL Server, Microsoft Access
Tools and Utilities
RDi, RDp, ALDON LMi,TOTAL/400, Query/400,Query Manager, DBU, RLU,SEU, PDM, ALDON Change management, DDL/DDS file design, iSeries Operational Navigator, SYNON 2/e, PATHFINDER, TL Ashford Barcode Labeling, Formsprint, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Outlook, Erwin/ERX, Microsoft Office, VPN, FTP Human grids, HP Service Manager, Service-now, Control-M, Remote Desktop, PL/SQL, Rapid SQL, MS SQL Developer, LINUX Commands, GITHUB, Case Tracker, Data dog, Splunk ERP
DMS, MOVEX (Lawson M3), BPCS, TIM, MAPICS
Cloud Computing
Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure
Page 2 of 5
EXPERIENCE
IT Project Manager Production Support / Contractor – Investment Accounting Group Tata Consulting Services Limited (Client: State Street March 2022 to December 2023) Provided level 4 service level support in production and non-production environment. Along with one member of TCS/State Street associate reporting to me. Support role primary includes Linux/Autosys support in State Street Investment Accounting Group. Responsibilities includes:
• provided interactive support for automation needs as level 4 support
• Solving problems and providing analysis on batch and application support production and non-production issue and insuring environmental stability of client.
• Incident management support that including resolving tickets, opening new change ticket in ServiceNow for upcoming deployment, attending change management release call, etc.
• Incident management support that including resolving tickets, opening new change ticket in ServiceNow for upcoming deployment, attending change management release call, etc.
• Scheduling and setting up Autosys Jobs and cycles for all external and internal clients of State Street across the globe.
• Monitoring production and non-production cycle and providing solution and support for any failures.
• Working with level 2 and level 1 support and provided solutions for process improvements.
• Supported weekend fun conversion events.
IT Project Manager Production Support / Principal System Service Support Analyst Tata Consulting Services Limited (Client: Fidelity Investments Aug-2013 to Dec-2021) Work independently providing support to the internal compliance application that was developed in RPG, CL in OPM and ILE environment, Embedded SQL and DB2. The current version of IBM midrange is V7R1
(IBM i).
AS/400 Support
Perform functional analysis for major projects supporting several corporate initiatives for as400 retirement task.
Working with cross-functional teams to provide compliance application support to the trading application.
Develop and maintain support documentation for on-call applications, overview procedures and build/install processes along with daily hand-over call updates to off-shore team.
Designed and developed upstream feeds data validation processes and scheduled jobs on nightly cycles.
Participate on 24X7 on-call rotation to support major trading applications in Tokyo, Sydney, London, Bermuda, Boston and New York.
Non-AS/400 support
Coordinate the migration of fixes with development teams into Production.
Cloud migration support and on-prem services decommission.
Responsible for providing L2 support for Fixed Income, Bond, and Money Market Trading related issues. Page 3 of 5
Troubleshoot, restore, and mitigate the issues by working with Dev, vendors and involve IM for critical issues.
Handling portfolio, risk and performance related issues and providing intraday views of Trades and Tradable holdings.
Working on Central fund and Repo cash orders along with Bloomberg/Tradeweb electronic trading related issues.
Working for AWS applications trouble shooting, installs and operational actions like (rehydration/Auto Scaling/Mark EC2 unhealthy instance).
Monitoring Money market, cash flow analysis and Trade flow application to other downstream apps.
Support Autosys batch monitoring, WCC, working on failures, optimizing the batch, and creating/updating JIL scripts.
Extensive work on database (Rapid SQL, Netezza, SQL Developer) and writing complex SQL and executing SQL script restatements.
Executing the UNIX scripts, verifying the application, server logs and escalating to Dev team for complex research. Creating site scope alerts, enabling/disabling/create/remove alerts.
Verifying application services logs, creating, and modifying dashboards using Splunk and datadogs.
Tomcat servers bounce activities and analyzing the server statistics like hung threads and process failure.
Involved product release, DR, patching, deployment activities and reviewing, approving the change requests.
Participated in scrum meetings and resolving blockers, user stories in the sprint on specified sprint schedule.
Senior Programmer Analyst
YBP Library Services, Contoocook, NH / Dec 2009 - Aug 2013 With minimum supervision supported DMS (Distributed Management System) runs on IBM midrange machine (AS400) applications utilizing RPG, SQL,CL in OPM and ILE environment. Responsibilities include full system development life cycle with additional AS/400 on-call production support and operation support to IT systems group.
Responsibilities includes:
Implementation and support of technically sophisticated distribution solutions in a multi-system environment.
Actively involved in Power 7 conversion project from V5R3 (AS400) to V7R1(IBM i).
Communication and interaction with multiple departments and customers to assure development of business requirements.
Provided all aspects of software support for existing systems as well as customer training.
Development of technical specifications and documentation.
Provided complete environment refresh from production to test using IBM backup and restore capabilities.
Contributes and supports development of programming standards and procedures. Page 4 of 5
Application Support Engineer
Starpoint Solutions, Client: Fidelity Investments, Boston, MA / Jan 2007 - Jun 2009 Under limited supervision supported applications running on IBM Midrange iSeries (AS/400) utilizing RPG, CL in OPM and ILE environment, SQL, and DB2. Responsibilities include analysis, design, develop, debug, testing, implementation, and documentation as appropriate. Responsibilities includes:
Designed solutions to business problems by working with QA Team and business users and provided comprehensive support to existing applications which included weekend fund conversion / merger activities quick service request, short-term and long term projects.
Prepared install documents for application to be transferred from development system to production systems.
Supported Cross-Platform Trading System “Latent Zero” interfacing to iSeries (AS/400) via store procedure.
Shared knowledge to team members on self-developed technical expertise by arranging DEMO presentations.
Provided Investment Compliance comprehensive on-call support 24 X 7 on rotation basis. Business Systems Programmer/Analyst III
A W Chesterton Company, Groveland, MA / Mar 1999 - Dec 2006 Provided business analysis and system development under IBM iSeries AS/400 V5R1 Client/Server environment, utilizing desktop client development tools, PC applications, under complex internetworking using RPG and CL in OPM and ILE environment with ODBC connectivity and associated tools in a team environment.
Responsibilities includes:
Involved Migration from BPCS to MOVEX.
Later involved complete support for Business Application MOVEX now Lawson M3 (An ERP Package).
Researched new iSeries specific tools for systems development and turnkey solutions, providing end user training, and providing day to day user support for manufacturing and distributing purposes were essential portions of my work tasks. Actively involved on MOVEX Conversion Version 10.6 to 12.5 using MOVEX – APIs.
Provided MOVEX help desk support to international users on rotation basis.
Apart of iSeries projects, created Visual Basic 6.0 “AS400 Request Form” project, as additional skill sets to have.
Page 5 of 5
EDUCATION
Bhavnagar University
Bhavnagar, Gujarat
Master of Computer Applications Computer
Applications, Management and Mathematics (Apr
1997)
MS University
Vadodara, Gujarat
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Physics (Apr 1994)
Relevant Coursework
• Physics
• Mathematics
• Chemistry
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Certified Azure
Fundamentals
AWS Certified Solutions
Architect-Associate
Certified Scrum Master IBM Certified Specialist
RPG IV Developer &
RPG IV Programmer
HOBIES
Running (Full Marathon Finisher), Music (Playing Instrument Harmonium), Reading (Spiritual books), etc. REFERENCES
References available upon request
Contact this candidate