Joseph P. Talamini
** ****** ***** • Stony Point, NY 10980 • 845-***-**** • ad3kyp@r.postjobfree.com

Senior IT Systems Support Manager Professional
Hands-on Senior IT Systems Support Manager professional with a proven history and track record in managing & leading support teams and critical IT projects for mission critical & time sensitive services. Vast experience in systems & operations management, effective leader and project manager in developing and maintaining high performance, cross-functional & culturally diverse teams. 25+ years of mentoring and coaching others and efficient initiatives without sacrificing quality, or core values.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

29 Years in the Information Technology Profession.
25+ Years in Managing Support teams.
25+ Years Managing High Level Projects.
Proven history of professional leadership, exceeding goals and driving success.
Demonstrates adaptability by incorporating change into daily routine. Able to shift priorities to accommodate changing demands. Exhibits the ability to identify and evaluate options.
Utilizes innovative problem-solving skills to anticipate and identify situations and problems in advance and prepares to deal with them. Creates value by implementing new ideas.
Possesses the business & financial acumen to foster and lead cost efficient initiatives without sacrificing quality, or core values.
Excellent communication skills, exceptional team player and excepts all responsibilities and learns from own mistakes without fail.

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Server OS: 2016 R2, 2012 R2, 2008
Windows/Mac OS: WIN11, WIN10, WIN 7, Monterey, Big Sir, Mojave, Catalina, High Sierra
Systems/Software: AD Manager, Active Directory, Datto, Acronis, Hyper-V, ConnectWise Manage, Automate, TrackIT, Remedy, Share Point, O365, Office 2016, 2013, 2010, Smartsheets, Smart Draw, BT Glue, Rental 4000, Lawson, Progress/Open Edge, Adobe, Able2Extract, Cisco VPN, Fortigate VPN, Bomgar, AEM, Document Express, SentinelOne, Bright Gauge, Esker, LIMS, TotalChrom, Artwork Routing, Cashbook, Mitel Clearspan, EmPower, Kioware, MP2, Opus, ProCal, Spectrum, TM1, TOPS, Citrix
Hardware: HP Servers, Cisco Switches/firewalls, Lenovo laptops/desktops, HP laptops/desktops, Dell laptops, iMac’s, Mac Books, Click Share, Google Cast, Kyocera, Ricoh, HP, Sharp, & Minolta printers, Cisco VOIP phones, Mitel, AV equipment, Air Media.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Nice-Pak/PDI, Orangeburg, NY 11/19 - Present
Sr. Help Desk Support Manager
Manage a team of 8 supporting over 1400 employees and 1500 machines over 12 sites in the U.S. Oversees the work of a team of endpoint support technicians that support information systems products and services, including personal computers and peripherals, internet and installed software applications, and organizational network access issues. Responsible for ensuring the staff are meeting and exceeding expectations regarding performance, meeting defined metrics/benchmarks, and that standards and processes are followed to provide a high level of service. Lead a team of technology professionals to maximize operational efficiency through the resolution of incidents and service requests by leveraging well-documented processes and procedures to drive quality and timelines.

Owns the Operation and Improvement of the help desk ticketing system (ConnectWise Manage) to meet the needs of the organization.
Manage, train, mentor and evaluate performance for the support team.
Review, coordinate, and oversee successful completion of all service requests.
Establish/Update SLA’s and priority assignments for service tickets in a well-documented knowledge base.
Set and monitor specific service level standards and KPIs.
Develop and maintain weekly and monthly operational performance reports.
Implement help desk policies, procedures, and best practices.
Recruit, train, and develop IT support staff.
Be an escalation point for the help desk team to determine if tickets need to be triaged to the Infrastructure or Business Enterprise Applications team for evaluations.
Serve as a subject matter expert for projects related to applications installed on PC’s.
Assist the Infrastructure and Applications teams with their projects when needed.
Responsible for all hardware standards and to make sure our standards are up to date for the company so employees can perform their jobs effectively.
Evaluate and recommend new tools and technologies to improve support services.
Manage and order all hardware and peripherals for both companies.
Manage of ordering/updates/removals of all cell phones for the company and working with all 3 companies AT&T/T-Mobile/Verizon to keep up with standards, cost effective initiatives and keep a professional relationship with them.
Perform monthly dialog with all team members providing feedback and coaching.
Oversee all high-level projects for mission critical and time sensitive services for my team and when my team is engaged with other IT groups projects.
Run daily and monthly metrics for all areas of support/Infrastructure/Apps teams for myself and for our CIO who shares with the Executive leadership team.
Managing relationships with vendors for software or hardware support.
Manage and oversee our Bright Gauge system for metrics and reporting for all IT teams.
Manage our MDT image platform to keep up with all our standard imaging for all hardware models.

X-Solutions Consulting Services, New City, NY 03/19-11/19
Help Desk Manager/Project Manager
Support owner of X-Solutions in various areas technical support and project management.
Oversee help desk support team for client hardware, server proprietary applications, network administration and backup solutions.
oLenovo, HP, Dell, apple hardware – servers/laptops/desktops.
oTechnical lead on Datto and Acronis backup solution for all clients performing support, new installations, upgrades, and migrations.
oSupport server applications, Hyperion Systems, Analytic Systems, O365 and Microsoft Terminal Services.
Project management lead for all client software/hardware/server installations and upgrades.
oOversee all high-level projects and teams for new installations, upgrades, replacements, and offsite IT services for all clients.

SEACUBE CONTAINER LEASING, LLC, Woodcliff Lake, NJ 02/04 – 02/19
Manager of Infrastructure Systems – 2010 - 2019
Manage the Data Center at the Woodcliff Lake office and all server/network systems at the remote offices. Manage the life cycle of requests and issues requiring vendor involvement. Manage and oversee the outside resources that provide Email hosting and PC management (Synoptek), Network/Application Support (Innovative Network Solutions & X-Solutions), Backup/Restore application (Datto) and our Disaster Recovery Services (Datto).
Manages all server upgrades and removals.
oTechnical lead on server applications, backup systems, Active Directory, hardware replacement.
Technical lead on our Datto backup and business continuity solution and performed all backup restores, virtual server restores, server agent updates, add/remove backup jobs and troubleshoot backup failure errors. Responsible for our Acronis backup systems at our remote offices overseas and perform same technical duties as our Datto backup solution.
Technical lead on all areas of SharePoint server software upgrades, administration, configurations and troubleshooting issues.
Manages a yearly disaster recovery test with our vendor for restoration of all critical applications and for departments to test their area of ownership. Hands on with Datto vendor in configuring all servers offsite to be available for DR exercise.
Technical lead for server/router/switch patch management.
Technical lead for our TrackIT system in all areas and was the technical lead migrating from Remedy to TrackIT.
Technical lead for our Microsoft terminal services administration.
Technical lead for O365 administration for email and DL groups.
Technical lead on Ruckus WiFi configurations, upgrades and troubleshooting issues.
Perform all levels of system administration when needed for end user support and backup to our senior systems administrator.
Manages SeaCube’s Cisco VOIP phone systems at all office locations.
Manage and oversee the outsourced infrastructure support provided by Synoptek including:
oServers/Cisco switches management and monitoring
oPC management & backup
oVPN management
Senior Systems Manager – 2007 - 2010
Manages and facilitates the analysis of data amongst operating and reporting systems.
Senior Systems/Server Administrator – 2005 – 2007
Oversees all high-level support issues with applications and manage Active Directory
IT Support Specialist – 2004 - 2005
Responsible for all hardware and software issues for 35 remote offices.

ACCORD Corporation, Pearl River, NY 2001 – 2004
Server/Messaging Administrator
Responsibilities Included: Maintaining, troubleshooting, and upgrading Local Area Network and all hardware components. Maintain and troubleshoot ROLM phone system. Create, edit, and maintain user email configurations using Remark Unified Messaging Assistant for Lotus Notes.
Projects included:
Replicated existing environment with Dell PE 2550/2650 Servers for Disaster Recovery Site.
Managed Company wide Internet Service Provider changeover at ACCORD from PSInet to MCI WorldCom.
Design and implementation of VPN Strategy for local and international offices.
Complete Migration from Lotus Notes 5 to Exchange 2000 for all ACCORD employees local and international.
Upgraded servers from WinNT 4.0 to WIN2000 Advanced Server.

Brown Brothers Harriman & Co., Jersey City, NJ 2000-2001
Manager/Lead Analyst Level 3 Support Team (Consultant for TCS)
Provided support for 1200 employees. Managed new installations with responsibility for creating network and email ID's. Managed Six - Level Three Technicians in all areas in resolving network, hardware, software, and remote access problems.
Projects included:
Migration of all computers and network printers from Token Ring to Ethernet Platform.
Migration of all Windows 95 users to Windows NT 4.0/Windows 2000 Professional, which involved installation, trouble-shoot, and training of end users.

Talamini Computer Service (TCS) Pomona, NY 1994-2001
Manager/Lead Analyst of Systems Support
Trained, managed, and established priorities for staff of 15 serving over 2000 users at Pepsi Cola Headquarters for Level 1-3 Support.
Managed new businesses and would be responsible for getting the customer configured with TCS technicians and would train IT professionals for that location.

EDUCATION:
A.J. O’Connor – 2022 Management Development Program, New Horizons: 20410 - Installing and Configuring Windows Server 2012, New Horizons: 20411 - Administering Windows Server 2012, New Horizons: 6425C - Configuring and Troubleshooting Windows Server 2008 Active Directory Domain Services, New Horizons: Project Management Essentials, New Horizons: Project Management Fundamentals, Computer Learning Center: CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+
Contact this candidate