Roger Anthony Chapman
352-***-****
Gainesville, Florida 32606
ad3n1r@r.postjobfree.com
SKYPE: rchapman23_2
https//www.linkedin.com/in/R
https://www.linkedin.com/in/Roger-Chapman-1793322a8

A high energy results-oriented leader who is capable of both formulating and translating technology strategies into operational practices that maximizes profits and value commensurate with the best interest of shareholders, employees, and customers from Project Initiation to Implementation. An executive with personal integrity and proven experience in leading change, building teams, and creating win-win solutions.

West Virginia University Institute of Technology, Montgomery, WV
B.S. – Computer Management and Data Processing 1984

Optum -LUXOFT Gainesville, FL
Engagement Manager 10/2023 – Present
Engagement Management development involving 5 weeks of intensive training. Worked on multiple projects in the Information Technology group. The role was also accountable for end-to-end technology product roadmap delivery and leadership across all impacted technology areas, including design, development, testing & deployment and where possible, leveraging testing automation and continuous integration/deployment. Provided technology delivery leadership on initiatives of small-medium sizes and complexities, working in partnership with Business Owner, and overall Project/Program Delivery Lead. Assisted the Product Owner on process related work for grooming and prioritizing features and user stories in JIRA and Microsoft Project.

Toronto Dominion Bank -ICONMA Gainesville, FL
Senior Project Manager/Technology Lead 02/2023 – 09/2023
Technology Lead II for First Horizon – TS – Business Central US/eTreasury Merger and Acquisition. Provided Technology Delivery leadership to small and mid-sized projects or workstreams across the organization, in alignment with the PPDOM (Project and Program Delivery Operating Model). The role was also accountable for end-to-end technology product roadmap delivery and leadership across all impacted technology areas, including design, development, testing & deployment and where possible, leveraging testing automation and continuous integration/deployment. Provided technology delivery leadership on initiatives of small-medium sizes and complexities, working in partnership with Business Owner, and overall Project/Program Delivery Lead. Applied Technology industry and client-specific expertise, with client application/infrastructure knowledge, and business acumen to deliver outstanding solutions to business problems. Accountable for alignment of technology solution with the Bank technology strategies and segment strategies (Target Operating Model Architecture end state), with support of Tech Owner oversight as needed Review of High Radius/TD BAU open case tickets. Oversaw the execution of the technology strategy, while anticipating and prioritizing with the business owner, the impediments and technology risks for resolution. Provided input to the prioritization of the product(s) backlog and roadmap. Accountable for providing technology estimates in alignment with the Estimation Framework. Built and managed (formally or informally) a technology team responsible for business solution analysis, solution design, build, technical analysis, quality assurance, and release management, across the program/project. Coordinated the technology efforts across all CIO organizations, ITS, Architecture, TRMIS and other delivery partners for the project or workstream as assigned. If at a workstream level, will coordinate through project or program's overall Tech Owner. Engaged appropriate technology stakeholders to identify and drive required outcomes through effective stakeholder management. Identified, analyzed, and drove resolution of project risks and issues, working through the project structure, and reporting relationships in the Technology organization. Ensured issues were captured in post implementation reviews, to avoid recurrence. Worked with business leaders associated with assigned project or workstream as needed to confirm the solutions are functionality aligned with the product vision and that solution is fit-for-purpose. Accountable to the tech Owner to provide input and advice on all tech aspects of the assigned project/workstream, and to the Delivery Lead when scope of work is an entire project

Express-Scripts - Randstad Garland, NC
Senior Project Manager/Delivery Manager 03/2022 – 10/2022
Performed actively leading and directing cross-functional team members to ensure all deliverables, Portfolio Management, program/project/campaign objectives, process milestones and quality measures are completed on-time with Jira. Facilitated and works with Security team to define and deliver a detailed and accurate project scope. Facilitated and lead collaboration across cross-functional teams, managed cross dependencies, resolved escalated impediments, and managed risks to ensure successful value delivery. Provided transparency to delivery progress and escalated changes to schedule, value, and financials where it impacts commitments to stakeholders. Identified gaps and opportunities to improve delivery flow and delivery dependencies. Identified infrastructure goals and project delivery clearly. Professional experience with a heavy emphasis on data and analytics, Cobol, and PL/1 languages. Defined and coordinated all activities necessary to achieve project goals and objectives. Assisted the Product Owner on process related work for grooming and prioritizing features and user stories in JIRA and Microsoft Project.

North Carolina Department of Information Technology – CIBER Raleigh, NC
Senior Project Manager 07/2021 – 02/2022
Professional experience with a heavy emphasis on data and analytics, Cobol, and PL/1 languages.
Experienced with data visualization tools such as Tableau. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to summarize complex data to an executive audience, as well as the ability to dive deep into the details with other analysts and specialists.

Certus Healthcare Cleveland, OH
Program/Infrastructure Project Manager/Business Analyst 09/2019 - 05/2021
Facilitated meetings with vendors, users, and stakeholders to identify problems, resolve issues and improve the process to ensure the system meets all the goals of the project. Using Vendor and backlog management optimized the available collection of items (requirements, user needs, tasks, etc.) to provide easier and more organized work to the development teams. Leads status meeting/daily stand up/working sessions related to the Project, tracks actions and follow up items. This was a conversion for all systems regarding Infrastructure, Construction, Network, Cloud migration and User Acceptance Testing. Migration of all FTE’s regarding Networks, laptops, printers, servers and tablets. Installed and configured Windows 7 Professional and Enterprise version. Installed Symantec PGP Disk Encryption and Computerize on remote user laptop hard disks for enhanced data and device security. Assisted the Product Owner on process related work for grooming and prioritizing features and user stories in JIRA and Microsoft Project.

Canaar LLC - Contract Atlanta, GA
Senior Project Manager 05/2017 – 08/2019
PEP Implementation from a systems advisory and consulting perspective.
Facilitated Cobol and PEP+ Subject Matter Expert. Leads status meeting/daily stand up/working sessions related to the Project, tracks actions and follow up items. Worked within collaborated environment and assisted in calculating velocity and capacity of the team managed and maintained issue tracking systems and coordinated release activities with Microsoft Project.

United Health Group/OPTUM (Mergers and Acquisitions) ITech Solutions Baltimore, MD
Senior Infrastructure Project Manager 10/2013 – 05/2016
Onsite Merger and Acquisition Liaison / Senior Infrastructure Project Manager for XL Health merger and acquisition achieving in the Integrated Competency Center.
Requirements gathering identifying all applications used by XL Health and migration to acceptable trusted UHG applications. Migration of acquired 6000 XL Health FTE’s regarding Infrastructure Networks, laptops, printers, Linus / Unix servers, migration points and tablets. Conversion of all Nurse PR actioner’s tablets and retrieval of XL Health tablets. Application Compliance and Testing with a goal to protect the Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability of UnitedHealth Group assets. Coordinated server and laptop/desktop/tablet migration for over 6000 employees. Installed and configured Windows 7 Professional and Enterprise version. This also included Construction Mergers and Integrations that required individual installing Symantec PGP Disk Encryption and Computerize on remote user laptop hard disks for enhanced data and device security. Migration and Construction of Pharmacies for all acquired entities after workday hours of the Catamaran Merger and Acquisition. This was a conversion for all nationwide systems regarding Construction, Network migration and User Acceptance Testing. Migration of all FTE’s regarding Networks, laptops, printers, servers, and tablets. Facilitated meetings with users and stakeholders to identify problems, resolve issues and improve the process to ensure the system meets all the goals of the project.

M&T Bank – Contract Buffalo, NY
Senior Project Manager 07/2011 - 07/2012
Ecommerce Technical Project Manager in a PMO environment. Portfolio Management and Software project planning in Microsoft Project, sponsor status meetings, scheduling, scope management, change control, quality/UAT testing, risk and issue management, the budget and Operation turnover. Achieved leading 2012 project sizing within the ecommerce group managing all project repositories on SharePoint.
Managed the Vendor operational aspects of ongoing projects as it related to software development systems through vendor/hosted solutions.

Teleflex Medical - Contract Raleigh, NC
Technical Project Manager/Business Analyst 09/2006 - 03/2010
Technical Project Manager/Business Analyst using the SDLC for the deployment of workstations for SAP R3 Project Surius Implementation.
Microsoft Project Server and office tools were heavily used for resource planning.
Project Manager for the Decommissioning of Legacy Systems to support the implementation SAP R3 Project including Financials, Customer Relationship Management, Data Governance, Data Integration, Enterprise data management, Supplier Relationship Management, batch processing, UAT Testing, Product Lifecycle Management, Supply Chain Management and Business Intelligence for the Surius Implementation.
These processes used to facilitate migrating system history and master data to the data warehouse from three legacy systems. Data warehousing and data marts created for historical reporting processes. Project Manager/Business Analyst for COTS LabelMax to Bartender software application produced product labeling for Coventry, Tecate, Nuevo Laredo, Mansfield and RTP. Participated in weekly status reporting to Senior Management and stability of project-oriented work efforts. Established and implemented project management processes and methodologies to help ensure that projects were delivered on time and within budget, Communication with all areas of the enterprise that impact the scope, budget, risk and resources of the work being managed, followed rigorous SDLC (IT only) and project management best practices in full audit, compliance and risk with internal Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) and other regulations-adherence related processes.

IBM Global Services (IBM Software Services for Web Sphere) – Contract Raleigh, NC
Situational Project Manager 10/2005 - 02/2006
Software Project Manager that leads service support by monitoring a production implementation. Escalating all incidents and problems (ITIL) to ensure a successful implementation for this Project that required offshore project management with China and Japan.
Participated in daily project meetings and status reporting, UAT testing and defining production readiness requirements.

Hewlett-Packard - Ajilon Washington, DC
Infrastructure Senior Project Manager 11/2004 - 08/2005
Resource planning direction to IT contractors/consultant management and staffing for all PMO projects. Utilized PMI Methodology and Microsoft Project, Project/Portfolio Management, Project Team Management.
Daily status reporting, resource allocation and scheduling, contract administration, performance, and process improvement.
Rollout of multifunctional printers replacing desktop printers for all US Postal Service offices throughout the United States.

Getronics Baltimore, MD
Onsite Senior Project Manager 02/2002 – 10/2004

Corporate project and vendor management services to CitiFinancial for an Ecommerce Web based loan system.
Managed a technical team of twenty Java developers for small to large projects with Microsoft Project. Effective scheduling, tracking, problem identification and management.
Onsite Infrastructure Project Manager / Liaison for HSBC Bank in Buffalo, NY
Liaison for Getronics and HSBC with multiple infrastructure, project, network, and branch personnel in the conversion of three-hundred sixty-nine (369) HSBC Bank USA bank locations in the United States for converting and deployment of the equipment at those locations to Microsoft® Windows NT environment.
Due diligence network design, deployment. Router and application security, network synchronization and router configurations.
Developed work plans, assigned responsibilities, defined escalation plans, setting deadlines and task management with all team members.

Verizon Arlington, VA
Release Software Project Manager 05/2000 – 07/2001

Managed major release and project risks and escalated as needed with Microsoft Project. Attended weekly application status meetings with developers to ensure major milestones.
Support for monitoring and tracking trouble ticket resolution with Development and Release Managers.

Xerox Corporation Rochester, NY
Senior Technical Consultant / Technical Analyst 04/1998 - 04/2000
Identified and documented the system of record (best source) of data. Created data mapping to best source of data, identified data/process gaps for resolution/correction and recommend solutions.
Assisted in the testing/quality assurance of all application changes, performed software evaluations.
Created cost comparisons studies on SAP training for 'In House', Off Site and SAP sites and published findings. Interfacing with software and training vendors. Peer assistance and support.

Citibank Student Loan Corporation Rochester, NY
Senior Technical Consultant / Technology Project Manager 04/1989 - 04/1998
Facilitated and participated in Joint Application Design sessions to speed product development.
Effective scheduling, tracking, problem identification and management. Employed needed controls when working with vendors and subcontractors.
Management of large-scale Vendor complex technology projects with groups of 8-12 people. Received merit in recognition of outstanding performance, dedication to the principles of service excellence.
Technology Project Manager for in-house Automated Acquisition and projects that was responsible for due diligence, data scrubbing and conversion of student loans bringing in revenue of excess of 65M. Developed the project, communication, and configuration management plan.

Citibank (New York State) Rochester, NY
Technical Analyst 01/1986 - 04/1989
Support for the CIRF/I Bank System. Assisted the Systems Assurance group with the implementation of vendor software.
Subsystem support for a COBOL, PL1, IMS, CICS Collection Management, Retirement Reporting, Wealth Management and Paperless Entry Processing System (PEP+), NYACH.
Received merit in recognition of outstanding performance and dedication to the principles of service excellence.

SKILLS
Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, MS Project Server, MS Visio, Project Management Framework, Telecommunications, AGILE Manifesto, SharePoint, Primavera, Lotus Notes, CICS, IMS DB/DC, DB2, Mercury, UNIX, CMM Level 2, SSQL Server, Oracle 8i, Windows Server, DTS, ER-Win, Networking, Platinum Metadata Repository, Data Marts and Warehousing, UNISQL, Chameleon UNIX, JAVA Script, HTML, ORACLE Enterprise Manager, Oracle for Windows, ITIL, NT, Connect Direct (NDM), OLAP, SAP R/3 Release 4.0, PEP+, ACH, AGILE training, PMP training, SCCM, SIEM, SCOM, ITAM, ARMA, and AVS

EDUCATION

West Virginia University Institute of Technology, Montgomery, WV
B.S. – Computer Management and Data Processing 1984
Contact this candidate