Brandon McGee
Senior HealthCare Project Manager/ Executive Program Manager/IT Project Manager
**** ******* ****
Locust Grove, Georgia 30248
770-***-****
ad3q5f@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Matrix Recruiting /Dept of Corrections, Atlanta, GA — OPS IT Project Manager
August 2022-June 2023
●Develops project scope, cost estimates, human resource requirements, work plans, time schedules, and communication plans, and makes work assignments to meet project or program objectives. Used Service now for project tracking and vendor tickets,
●Establishes and monitors program priorities, objectives, and procedures, determining area objectives, targets of service, and resource needs allocation. State Government ERP project management experience
●Provides leadership and direction to the functional team so that tasks and activities are coordinated for project scope control, quality control, communication management, change control management, risk management, and issue management. Electronic Health Record Management SAP Experience or project work in leading SAP.
●Managed the release of multiple software products, resulting in a 30% decrease in release time and a 50% reduction in release-related incidents. Led a team of developers, testers, and project managers to ensure successful product releases.
GRM Document Solutions, Atlanta, GA — Executive Director of PMO
June 2022- August 2022
●Facilitation of strategic deployment discussions to support effective and aligned use of IT-PMO resources.
●Leadership and development of the IT-PMO team
●Management of resources and project & initiative scoping,
●Partnership with internal customers (project champions) to ensure optimal project outcomes, supervise managers, PM, and consultants day-to-day with vendors and stakeholders
●Tracking and reporting of project progress and metrics
●Project planning, governance, control, and communication.
PinPoint It Services, Virginia Beach, VA — IT Project Manager
August 2021-April 2022
●As a technical project manager, I coordinated activities associated with GIS/EDP initiatives and end-of-life projects.
●Responsible for end-to-end management and delivery of a material change for a project of high complexity across multiple business units. Service Now Project Management navigation
●Manages, leads, and directs the work efforts of resources that may be functionally aligned as part of the project.
●Responsible for the end-to-end integration of various work streams to deliver the intended project solution.
Centene Corporation, Atlanta, GA — Quality Improvement Project Manager
August 2020-June 2021
●Provided Administrative oversight of all NCQA and CAHPS quality /Process improvement initiatives that assured access to high-quality care and enhanced members' experience from providers
●Engaged Health services project team, Medical management, quality improvement, clinical reporting, and pharmacy to lead the development and implementation of defined projects
●Led the ongoing professional monitoring, documentation, and evaluation of the Quality Improvement (QI) plan to ensure progress to goal, compliance with established timelines
Department of Community Health, Atlanta, GA — Project Manager
August 2016- July 2020
●Project Manager for TEFT (Testing, Experience and Functional tools) demonstration by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). The demonstration grants states to test quality measurement tools and demonstrate e-health in Medicaid services.
●Managed multiple full Medicaid/ Medicare Readiness project life cycles (Annually) including requirements gathering, creation of project plans and schedules, obtaining and managing resources, and facilitating project execution, deployment, and closure, MMIS claims testing/processing
●Developed test plans, test scenarios, and test cases, and executed User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
●Managed any change requests related to Projects

Kaiser Permanente, Atlanta, GA — Healthcare Project Manager
October 2010-July 2016

●Managed the documentation and analysis of business processes from end to end for Payer, Medi-Cad, and Medi-Cal, and conducted focus groups for healthcare providers. EHR management
●Observed processes and collected information as needed. Responsible for implementing a new partner with vendors. Senior Technology ERP Project Manager to Director of Continuing Care and Providers.
●Managed any Healthcare EDI operations, experience with Claims and Membership business knowledge. Data warehousing for claims data extracting HIPPA information. Claim to claim. MMIS claims system with Atlanta Medicaid Electronic Health Record Management.
EDUCATION

The New Aspen Christian College & Seminary-Denver, CO
●Doctor of Arts (Urban Ministries/ Business)
●Master of Arts (Urban Ministries/Christian Counseling)
●Bachelor of Arts (Urban Ministry /Christian Leadership)

DENVER INSTITUTE OF URBAN STUDIES-Denver, CO
●Associates of Arts (Urban Ministry/Business)

PROJECT MANAGEMENT ACADEMY- Las Angeles, CA
●Project Management Certification: (Project Management Training Academy)

STATE OF GEORGIA- Atlanta, GA-
●Associates Project Management Certification GTA state of Georgia: Project Management skills and Coordination, Based on PMP study guidelines. (PMP equivalent certification)

EXAGORA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY- PineLevelNC-November 2022- January 2024
●Certificate of Christian Leadership

SKILLS
Jira
Microsoft Project
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Outlook
Excell
Visio
Time Management
Epic system
Vendor Management ERP
Financial Analyst
Project Management Methodologies (Agile, waterfall, Lean )
Software Proficiency
Data Analysis
Cost Control
Effective Communication
Problem-solving
Adaptability
Risk and Cost Management
Technical skills
Tableau
Contact this candidate