Ronald S. Bureau

Information Technology Leader

**** *******

Plymouth, MI 48170
Cell: 734-***-****

Email: ad3s8w@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Experience

Thirty plus years of IT experience designing and implementing world class systems for global manufacturing, marketing, accounting, global Customs & logistics, and Dealer Ordering systems. Other industries include insurance and municipal services. Responsible for Leadership of Product Driven (PDO) Transformation and large programs and projects. The last 28 years invested as a Ford employee with 26 years as a member of Ford Motor Company IT leadership/management team.

Leadership Behavior Strengths:
Organizational Transformation

Strategic Thinking
Product Driven Orgs (PDO)

Courage
Business Acumen

Innovation
Agile
Creativity

Professional Experience
11/30/94 -03/31/2022
Ford Motor Company

Last Position

5 years
Transformation Lead for a Product Driven Organization (PDO) of Enterprise Connectivity, Ford Motor Company. Responsible for establishing staff of Technical Coaches, Integration Coaches, and Expedition Leads to drive transformation for the organization. Responsible for oversight of PDO Expeditions to improve orchestration flow of value and improve software craftsmanship. This is global responsibility that includes North America, Europe, and India.

I believe in product teams taking ownership and producing quality product(s) through software craftsmanship. My goal is to drive value and improve the customer experience by changing the way we work together to solve business problems.

7 years
Delivery Manager responsible for new Global Dealer Order Entry system with first market launched for Lincoln China that supported Global Order to Delivery process.

Responsible for new (J2EE) development of 5 major systems that measured all 30K suppliers to determine Q1 scores, Global Customs solutions supporting South Africa, Asia, NA and EU. Leading teams of approximately 65 personnel in North America, India, and Europe. Approved development budgets are in the millions and report out metrics on a regular basis to senior customer and IT management.

Responsible for all North American dealer order entry systems for domestic and export vehicles, Ford & Lincoln.

3 years
Program Manager responsible to bring two Visteon plants back online with Ford's corporate and plant floor computer systems. This $22M dollar project demands excellent facilitation, leadership, communication, and collaboration skills. Utilizing Ford's SDM (Solution Delivery Methodology) made it possible to lead cross-functional teams all working from the same set of deliverables. The program required the coordination of ten large projects with weekly IT status meetings held at WHQ.

3 years
Strategic and Financial Planner leading a team of analysts that maintained a $33M dollar portfolio for plant floor systems. Led team to develop a financial forecasting tool that centralizes the monthly forecasting process for the departments' project managers. Through extensive marketing to the IT department managers, it was adopted as the corporate IT monthly financial forecasting tool.

Helped to identify plant floor systems to be decommissioned by leveraging functionality of other applications. Worked with project supervisors to provide metrics on stability and reuse. Worked with management to move toward coordinated releases of software and drive toward common platforms in the plants.

4 years
Program Manager for the Corporate Offshore Program. Led and managed the first two years of the Offshore Program that included North American (Finance, Product Development, Sales & Marketing, Manufacturing) and European operations (Jaguar). Managed centralized teams of approximately 65 analysts and Project Managers in Dearborn, Michigan and 120 programmers and analysts in Chennai, India.

The program delivered 95 projects ranging from 150 hours to 25,000 hours per project. Total savings to the company was approximately $15M over two years. Ford later established a separate department with an Executive Director and senior management staff to grow the organization.

3 years
Project Supervisor responsible for implementing an accounting, invoicing, and logistics system for the export of vehicles from North America, South America, and Europe. A three year, $3.5 million dollar project that provided a customized ERP solution using QAD MFG/PRO and client/server technology. The project encompassed the complete order-to-delivery (OTD) process (e.g. order processing, financing/credit, vehicle tracking during build & ship, and invoicing & accounting. Major responsibilities included: leading two development teams, one in Dearborn, Michigan and the other in Bangalore, India. Also responsible for facilitating change within the business and IT organizations. First year of operation accounted for $210M in revenue.

Developed and staffed a data warehouse project to collect data from many of Ford's legacy systems and overlaid with Business Objects reporting capability. This allows district and regional managers around the world to create their own sales and vehicle tracking reports for their respective areas.

3 years
Project Leader and lead analyst for the Common Manufacturing Management System (CMMS). Designed and developed the shipping documents for plants outside of the United States. Traveled to Spain, Argentina, Brazil, England, and Germany to obtain requirements and sell the idea of one global set of shipping documents. Once project was approved, responsibilities included Microsoft project plans, resource acquisition & allocation, delegation of assignments, and prioritization of project tasks.

1992 - 1994
Consultant – Syntel, Inc. Troy Michigan

Senior analyst assigned to the development of a hazardous material control system for Ford Motor Company. System produced shipping documentation for tracking hazardous materials shipped between the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Responsibilities included: creation of on-line and batch COBOL programs, subroutines and data base design schemes. Also responsible for providing technical support to other team members.

Received the Ford Corporate Systems Excellence Award

1988 - 1992
Consultant - ComSpec/BudCo Southfield Michigan

Lead analyst and team leader responsible for the design and development of an IMS & DB2 Sales and Marketing system (Heavy Truck) for the United States and Canada. Led a team of 14 programmers & analysts and met with customers defining system requirements for 6 months in Louisville, KY.

The system discounted the invoice allowing Ford to remain competitive in the market.
It was responsible for $400M in incentive money and was the front-end to the Heavy Truck invoicing system.

Received the 1992 Customer Satisfaction Award, Ford Heavy Truck Division

1987 – 1988
Consultant – Sirco Enterprises, Troy Michigan

Team leader and analyst responsible for the design and development of an IMS & DB2 Material Planning System (MPS). This sixteen member team developed on-line and batch programs with intricate specifications within strict timelines. Also responsible for client and management demonstrations of completed products.

1986 – 1987
Analyst and programmer at Amerisure Companies (Michigan Mutual)

Responsible for designing and coding many batch processing and reporting programs across multiple lines of business, including major and minor perils. Programs interfaced with companies current IMIS (Informational Management Insurance System)
1984 - 1986
Programmer/analyst for Michigan Consolidated Gas Company (DTE)

Responsible for supporting the Customer Billing System (batch mode) in an IMS environment. Conducted structured code walkthroughs and participated in quality assurance meetings with customers and management.

Education

1987
Cleary University - College of Business
Bachelor of Business Administration, Business Computer Systems
1985
Cleary University - College of Business
Associate of Business Administration, Management

Technical

Hardware: IBM 30XX IBM 600E, UNIX, SQL Server

Software: JAVA JS, PCF, COBOL II, PL1, SAS, VBASIC, JCL

Ancillary Skills

MS Office 2003, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Project, Access DB,

IMS DB/DC, DB2, SPUFI/QMF, SQL DML/DDL, CLISTS/REXX, TSO ISPF

Panvalet, XPEDITOR, File Aid, PSBGEN, DBDGEN, BTS, MFS, Dialog Manager
Six Sigma green belt - certified
Certified Recruiter & Assessor
Contact this candidate