Susanne A. Freitag
Castle Pines, CO 720-***-**** ad3uhc@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/susanne-freitag-3b613537/ Healthcare Director
Accomplished healthcare management professional with nursing, consulting, and technical business background. Extensive experience leading large-scale complex initiatives and achieving superior results through cross-operational teams. Leader with strong relationship management skills, recognizing team members for their commitment and contributions, communicating well to all levels of the organization. Experienced in identifying key risk areas and developing creative solutions to complex issues. Strong leadership skills. Highly collaborative. Key Skills
Product Strategy & Vision Provider and Consumer Experience/Relationship Management/NPS Process Improvement and Refinement UX Development Management Areas of Expertise
Clinical program development and design Medicare Advantage and Pharmacy Benefit Management expertise Transition solutions for inpatient-to-home care to prevent readmission Diverse healthcare spectrum experience: wellness, prevention, chronic conditions Case, project, and product management proficiency Utilization and cost management expertise Ambulatory systems and healthcare technology experience Quality assurance and federal/state regulation analysis Managed care, Medicare, Medicaid regulations application Clinical trend analysis and collaborative goal setting in matrixed environments Professional Experience
United HealthCare, Corporate, Clinical Leadership and Accountability, Population Health, United Clinical Services Director, Clinical Practice Performance November 2022 - Current Strategically led and enhanced clinical practices, implemented performance improvement initiatives, and driving quality outcomes across healthcare services to ensure optimal patient care and operational excellence.
● Spearheaded a transformative care management technology product strategy, fostering seamless integration and personalization of care experiences across UHC, Optum, OptumCare, and OptumRx, resulting in improved service delivery.
● Orchestrated end-to-end ownership of tech partnerships, intricately guiding roadmap planning, AHA utilization, capability development, deployment readiness, and KPI-driven implementation, driving innovation and operational excellence.
● Championed ownership of Strategic Planning and Oversight for multiple Clinical Products, guiding their development and execution while aligning with broader business goals.
● Engineered Provider technology alignment with strategic Provider Enablement strategies, driving synergies across the enterprise and enhancing service efficiency.
● Pioneered the establishment of pivotal quality metrics, enhancing technology and provider enablement across the enterprise and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
● Effectively managed stakeholders in the domain of Population Health and Value Based Care, fostering collaborative relationships and driving strategic advancements. United HealthCare, Corporate, UHC Marketing, Consumer and Provider Experience Associate Director, Provider Experience March 2019 – November 2022 Managed and optimized provider and consumer experience in a coordinated, effective, and efficient manner across the provider journey with the goal of improving perception and value through high-quality interactions. Partnered with cross functional business partners to drive strategic opportunities within Pharmacy and Clinical Care Delivery, Specialty Med Management, Affordability, Competitive Analysis and trending, Provider and Consumer Experience/Strategy/NPS.
● Educated teams about the Net Promoter System, survey implementation and closed loop processes incorporating the utilization of various tools including but not limited to Qualtrics and Clarabridge.
● Worked collaboratively with functional area leaders and SMEs to improve efficiency- area of specialty, Prior Auth, Appeals, Process Improvement within Pharmacy/UHC -ORx Collaboration.
● MBM Now and Affordability team efforts for cost containment and NPS Improvement measures.
● Managed key relationships with pharmacy and other business vendors.
● Promoted program successes and bring attention to areas of opportunity.
● Tracked, managed, and reported key initiatives that will lead to improvements across the provider and consumer experience.
● Provided guidance, expertise and/or assistance to internal partners to ensure opportunity strategies are executed and maintained effectively.
● Identified and partnered to create resolution plans for technical, operational, and organizational process issues providing recommendations to mitigate provider abrasion. Implementation of KPI, OKR metrics driven solutions.
● Managed multiple projects from smaller sub-tasks to larger initiatives. United HealthCare Clinical Services, Population Health, HEDIS Quality Solutions Delivery Senior Project Manager March 2017 - March 2019
Led complex initiatives with precision, orchestrated cross-functional teams, drove project execution, and ensured seamless delivery of strategic solutions that aligned with business objectives and enhanced operational efficiency.
● Collaborated with resource managers to streamline project progression, optimizing team efforts and expediting project milestones.
● Demonstrated a keen aptitude in analyzing HEDIS trends, effectively partnering with resource managers to propel project advancement and optimize outcomes.
● Ensured seamless alignment of program and project scope with stakeholder objectives, delivering executive updates, and steering governance and leadership forums.
● Spearheaded the coordination and punctual completion of multifaceted projects across diverse functional domains, maintaining adherence to scope and schedule.
● Leveraged Subject Matter Expertise to define project scopes, identify risks, allocate resources, and facilitate project execution, contributing to streamlined operations and successful outcomes. Influence Health- Birmingham AL, remote office, Denver CO Senior Product Manager, Population Health June 2015 - March 2017 Provided overall ownership and led the innovation of a population health management system which is part of a broader digital marketing platform.
● Defined and managed care management product roadmap through collaboration with internal stakeholders, by conducting market research, and via ongoing interaction with customers and prospects.
● Partnered with Engineering and Portal counterpart, building out the clinical solutions platform roadmap with desired capabilities.
● Accountable for the satisfaction of clients and end users of the product line. B2B solutioning to drive health behavior change.
● Made and justified business decisions, clearly documenting and communicating the Vision & Scope for each product release.
● Maintained a best practice Product Development Life Cycle utilizing Agile process.
● Analyzed potential partnership opportunities to augment the product.
● Led team of Business Analysts and UX Designers in the development of detailed use case diagrams, use cases, wireframes, and other artifacts to clearly convey product requirements to developers.
● Developed and implemented a company-wide go-to-market plan, working with all departments to execute. Drove programs impacting markets of customers and consumers.
● Responded to demands from upper management and be accountable for product decisions. United Health Group/Optum Health-, Member of Project Management Office, Denver CO Senior Clinical Project Manager II July 2010 - June 2015 Leveraged advanced clinical project management expertise to oversee the planning, execution, and successful delivery of complex healthcare projects, ensuring alignment with strategic goals, stakeholder engagement, and optimal clinical outcomes.
● Spearheaded the coordination and completion of projects within scope and on time across various functional areas.
● Provided Subject Matter Expertise in areas including project scope definition, risk identification, methodology, resource allocation, and project facilitation.
● Lead Clinical Operations Project Manager for UHG’s first ACO clinic.
● Assisted with Sales Force Implementation.
● Managed vendor and service providers to define project scope and performance expectations.
● Instrumental in provider communication, education and training and configuration of electronic health record systems.
Additional Relevant Experience
Consultant- City and County of Denver, CO
Quality Improvement/ Utilization Management Nurse
Education
Executive MBA/ Strategic Leadership
Quantics School of Business and Technology, Washington D.C. Bachelor of Science in Nursing (B.S.N.), Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) Med Center One College of Nursing, Bismarck ND
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Psychology with a minor in Rehab Services University of North Dakota, Grand Forks, ND
EMT Basic Emergency Responder
St Alexius Hospital, Bismarck, ND
Specialized Training / Accomplishments
NPS Champion 6 Sigma Toyota LEAN Kaizen Methodologies Practices Acumen Leadership Styles Clinical Compliance Certification THRV, JTBD – Jobs to be Done Culture Ambassador United Healthcare Children’s Foundation Ambassador Women in Leadership.
Contact this candidate