Daniel Queen
Experience IT Project Leader
ad3vuo@r.postjobfree.com • 904-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/dan-queen-6152019
Jacksonville, Florida
Summary
Experienced IT project manager with 26 years’ experience leading teams and bringing people together. Able to create and maintain engaging workplace environments that promote team cohesiveness and productivity. Skilled in project management, able to lead complex projects from concept to completion.
Qualifications Summary
Skilled in a variety of technical areas, including active directory configuration, group policy objects usage, OSI Models, and subnets and masking.

Experienced in scrum and agile methodologies, leveraging them to ensure the successful completion of phased and complex organizational projects.

Customer service focused and committed to providing end users with exceptional experiences and service.
Career Experience
Florida Blue Jacksonville (K-Force Contractor) 2022 – 2023
Senior IT Project Manager
Spearhead all IT security infrastructure and SDLC projects, particularly those involving HIPPA security clearance. Developed procedural documentation that helps to inform staff on proper procedures. Held authorization to make multi-million dollar equipment and software acquisition decisions. Coordinated the creation and delivery of a multitude of reporting at various regular intervals (daily, weekly) for senior leadership.
Ensured continued transparency across the organization, helping to share information between business/technical units.
Monitor both project progress and team efficiency, keeping projects on schedule and in line with key milestones and benchmark performance metrics.
Utilize Agile methodologies to deliver deployments on tight timelines in challenging environments.
Provide support and technical expertise to the Application/Infrastructure teams throughout the project lifecycle.

Futuraworks for Baptist Medical Center 2022
Senior IT Project Manager
Oversaw a project that resulted in the successful rollout of more than 1200 new iPads, including their imaging with EPIC software as part of the organizational EPIC implementation. Collaborated with senior management and the deployment team to ensure a seamless transition, aiding in the continued operational capacity of the organization.
Provided daily and weekly reporting to senior management, providing information that was critical in informing organizational decision making.
Began the development process for plans to adopt iPhones imaged with EPIC software throughout the organization.

Bank of America (Contract) 2021 – 2022
Technical Project Manager
Built and leveraged partnerships with the Design Team Lead (DTL) and key stakeholders to ensure the success of several key projects that had strategic impacts for the organization. Developed and designed technical requirements for success, creating performance metrics that allowed for assessment of project progress.
Completed the project infrastructure solution designs, creating a roadmap for success.
Launched all new equipment setups, maintaining operations during the transition.
Created and delivered documentation and reporting that improved transparency across business units and divisions.

Bank of America (through Skillstorm Consultant) 2018 – 2020
Technical Project Manager
Delivered key technical support to projects, ensuring their success and on-time delivery. Created business requirements listings, using data to determine performance benchmarks and milestones.
Crafted creative and innovative infrastructure solution designs in an effort to draw a clear path to project success.
Coordinated the initial setups for new infrastructure, launching new equipment quickly and efficiently.
Handled multiple projects simultaneously, maintaining the project progress schedule and delivering all projects on-time and budget.

Amazon 2018
IT Support Engineer
Supervised the activities of a team of 2 IT Technicians and 2 Equipment Contractors, providing mentorship and support to staff to enhance their capacity. Interface with Senior Operations staff to identify fulfillment center IT needs and to further objectives.
Created and monitored Layer 2 and OSI projects, handling various projects simultaneously.
Managed and maintained MDF and IDF infrastructures for the fulfillment center, ensuring proper utilization and operational capacity.
Delivered on-call support for SEV1 and 2 conditions for all Jacksonville region facilities.
Additional Career Experience
IT Project Manager – Deutsche Bank (2015 – 2017)
Implementation Systems Engineer – Bank of America (2011 – 2014)
FTP Gateway/Repliweb Infrastructure Systems Engineer – Bank of America (2009 – 2010)
Systems Network Engineer Consultant – Iventure Solutions, Inc. (2008 – 2009)
Windows Systems Administrator – City of Jacksonville (1999 – 2008)
Outsource Network and Systems Administrator – ISAC (1998 – 1999)
Outsource Network and Systems Administrator – SOMA Systems (1998)
Office Operations and Technology Manager – Diversified Computer Consultants (1997 – 1998)
Contractor – Inacom Information Systems (1996 – 1997)
Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems
University of North Florida (Incomplete)
Associate of Arts 2002
Florida Community College Jacksonville
Licenses & Certifications
ITIL Foundation Certification
Cisco Certified Networking Associate
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer
Microsoft Certified Professional
Microsoft Certification MS 1567
Contact this candidate