Diene Kaba
Mail: ad3z6r@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 202-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Detail-oriented, innovative, and experienced Professional with a strong technical and business background, valued for maximizing IT functionality, enhancing networks and connectivity, and supporting enterprise solutions, while optimizing the installation, configuration, and support of multiple infrastructures. Astute Project Manager and Leader, adept at successfully finishing projects on time and under budget while spearheading the timely adoption of critical hardware, software, and best practices. Consistently and cost-consciously improve organizational effectiveness, resolve problems, and consult effectively with users and stakeholders. Articulate communicator, fluent in English, French, Bambara, Malinke, Djoula, and Sousou. Seeking to continuously expand and grow with a rewarding yet challenging career in the field of Information Technology through various projects, system analysis, and infrastructure support. CORE COMPETENCIES
IT Support & Implementation Cyber Security Network Engineering
System Administration Configuration/Testing Project/Program Management
End-User Training
Customer Relationships
Team Building & Leadership
Product Strategy/Management
Troubleshooting/Problem Resolution
Linux, MS Suite (Word, Excel PowerPoint)
System Repairs/Maintenance
Marketing & Market Research
Continuous Improvement/Learning
EDUCATION
Associate in Computer Science/Cyber Security Merritt College, Oakland, CA 2019 – 2022 MBA in Management of International Affairs, Focus on Logistics ILCI (CESCI) Paris, France 2013 – 2015 CERTIFICATIONS
Google IT Support – JVS San Francisco, CA, February 2022
Certified in Early Childhood Education – Berkeley City College, Berkeley, CA, 2019 RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Technical Support Specialist HP Inc. – San Francisco, CA September 2022 – Present
Manage installation, configuration, maintenance, and repairs of operating systems and/or applications to ensure the performance, integrity, and reliability of system components.
Leverage technical expertise and profound knowledge of troubleshooting guidelines to create effective, on-the-spot solutions to diverse technical disputes and user problems.
Interact with customers to ensure customer satisfaction following established procedures. Use data from known resources to ensure customer product needs are met and deliver standard services.
Develop training materials and procedures, or train users in the proper use of hardware or software. Prepare evaluations of software or hardware, and recommend improvements or upgrades.
Ensure optimal performance of information technology systems and operations in alignment with the business objectives of the organization.
Lead Project Manager responsible for driving continuous improvement to business processes, efficiencies, and results through the implementation of software solutions.
OTHER EXPERIENCE
Mass Care: Distribution of Emergency Supplier Volunteer American Red Cross – Oakland, CA May 2018 – Present
Provide disaster cycle services and mass care.
Manage bulk distribution fundamental and psychological first aid
Demonstrate high organization and decision-making skills and exceptional proficiency in working with diverse populations in terms of age and ethnicity.
Flight Coordinator Gate Gourmet – San Francisco, CA January 2020 – May 2020
Reviewed flights with the customers’ onboard service crew.
Handled calls, kept logs, communicated problems and delays, and handled relevant paperwork.
Communicated with the onboard service staff about flight components, passenger counts, special meals, crew meals, etc.
Delivered business results under pressure, championing performance improvement and highly targeted customer focus initiatives. French Teacher (Contract) Au Beau Sejour – Oakland, CA April 2019 – November 2019
Promoted Language development skills through reading and storytelling.
Designed lesson plans focused on meeting the needs of all learners.
Interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.
Established a safe play environment for the children. Marketing & Management Specialist Petit Pot – San Francisco, CA January 2018 – December 2018
Developed, implemented, and executed strategic marketing plans to attract potential customers and retain existing ones.
Called business contacts to communicate about and sell products.
Worked closely with product management team and managed social media accounts and campaigns.
Drafted written content, and took photos and videos for company's Facebook page. Management Fundraising Volunteer Women of Color on The Move – Sacramento, CA January 2017 – April 2018
Developed fundraising strategy, wrote business plans, and organized events. Program Manager Action Against Hunger – Paris, France January 2016 – July 2016
Oversaw programs that provided hunger relief aid to developing countries.
Managed donor relations.
Logistic Manager Groupe Bollore S.A. – Paris, France May 2015 – December 2015
Managed shipping/receiving of international products/documents and oversaw inventory control.
Monitored sensitive customer operations. Tracked quality, quantity, stock levels, delivery times, transport costs, and efficiency.
Collaborated with various departments to realize efficiencies and manage expectations.
Worked to maintain import and export regulations and procedures for all shipments.
Troubleshot problem areas in logistics and coordinated problem resolution or recommended solutions to management. Manager of International Exports (Summer Job) Kankancoura – Paris, France June 2014 – October 2014
Managed international marketing, negotiations, and payments. Operations Consultant Échos D’afrique Rennes, African Echos – Rennes, France September 2013 – May 2014
Set up and helped coordinate an international event for students across Africa.
Provided operations workflow improvement that resulted in double sales in Q2 from Q1. HOBBIES
Basket, Dance, Lecture, Voyage
Contact this candidate