SHALINI KUMAR
ad46rg@r.postjobfree.com
732-***-****
PMP - ACP
Motivated and experienced IT project manager with over 15 years’ experience leading teams and delivering solutions in a fast-paced environment. Ability to manage and navigate projects within the Software Development Life Cycle with minimal defects.
EXPERIENCE
JANUARY 2022 – 2023
PROJECT MANAGER, Bank of America
Created automation in business processes to streamline procedures.
Organized, maintained, and documented project inventories across multiple lines of business.
Aggregated and developed business presentations for multiple lines of business.
Managed timelines and tasks for team deliverables.
Analyzed operational inefficiencies, spearheading process improvements that resulted in a 20% increase in team productivity and a 15% reduction in project completion time.
Captured requirements and pain points to create solutions and mitigate project risks.
Created resources for team members to leverage and stay ahead of upcoming digital enhancements.
Aligned team priorities with project timelines and objectives, ensuring on-time delivery of milestones as per project requirements.

FEBRUARY 2020 – 2021
PMO PROJECT MANAGER, Baylor scott & White health
Led in-depth requirement sessions to clarify project scope and impact, ensuring alignment with stakeholder expectations.
Initiated communication and identification of stakeholders and development teams.
Identified project assumptions and risks to mitigate defects.
Managed timelines and tasks to keep projects on schedule for releases.
Utilized Agile methodologies to adapt project strategies based on evolving client needs, resulting in increased customer satisfaction scores by 20%.
Interfaced with team leaders to identify and analyze the given information.
Managed procedures and decision flows while evaluating existing procedures.

SEPTEMBER 2009 – DECEMBER 2019
BUSINESS & PROJECT MANAGER, five chefs CORPORATION
Responsible for staffing, hiring, and payroll administration.
Owned and managed special business projects.
Supported marketing and sales coordination.
Led cross-functional teams in negotiating contracts for high-profile events, fostering collaboration between sales, marketing, and legal departments.
Oversaw accounts receivable/payable.
Managed event management and national travel for client meetings.
Led management of a sales portfolio representing 35% of total revenues, resulting in $1.5M in sales revenue within a fiscal year.

SEPTEMBER 2007 – SEPTEMBER 2009
OFFICE MANAGER, accurate diagnostic imaging
Coordinated staff scheduling and client appointments.
Conducted claims follow-up and payments.
Supported orientation and training for new hires.
Performed insurance verifications and pre-authorizations.
Managed invoices and overall accounts payable.

EDUCATION
Project Management Professional Certification (PMP)
Agile Certified Practitioner (ACP)
Art Institute
Delhi University

SKILLS
Operations & Process
Project Management
Time Management
Problem Solving
Agile & Hybrid Methodologies
Waterfall Methodologies
MS Office
Data Models & Agile
Risk Management
Jira
Service Now
Workday
Contact this candidate