JAMES SCHLINGMAN
*** ********* ******
Yankton, South Dakota 57078
605-***-**** (cell)
Energetic, devoted team player looking for a position where I can continue to develop my management/leadership skills with a dynamic organization. I am organized, forward-looking and always willing to go above and beyond to better the company and myself. EXPERIENCE
Retired-May 2022
Kolberg Pioneer Inc. – November 2016- May 2022
Systems Administrator
Responsibilities:
IT support of all Uses (400+), Computer systems, Servers and Networking for multi-million- dollar manufacturing company.
Trulite Glass & Aluminum Solutions November 2014-November 2016 Network Administrator/New Project Manager
Network Administrator
Responsibilities:
IT Support for 8 Manufacturing Branches in the Central US.
Support users and manufacturing equipment PC’s and hardware, network infrastructure to Data Center including firewalls, routers, Cisco Aerohives and Cisco switches.
Software support includes MS Office 2010, 2013 and 2016, Cisco Anyconnect VPN, Kronos Time clock, Avaya IP Office.
New Project Manager
Responsibilities:
The Acquisition of a North American Division of another Glass company required a new position be established to visit the locations, compile a complete site survey, inventory of all IT equipment including PC’s, Software, Printers, network infrastructure, all communication equipment including phone system and network provider resources,
Plan all needed infrastructure upgrades required to migrate site and all users to Trulite Domain. Create needed equipment lists. Order and install all needed equipment. Migrate site and all users/ peripherals to the Trulite Domain. Self Employed- September 2014-November 2014
IT Consultant
Responsibilities:
Complete various tasks assigned by the IT Manager,
Created new Printer Server, migrating 4 old print servers into the new server, migrating printers and drivers from 35 branch offices to new server and verifying access to all users and access from MS Dynamics Axapta.
Assigned to manage all Windows Updates Patches for all servers located in Data Center.
Repaired VM Tools Errors on Terminal Server Farm an upgrade all TS’s to new version of Adobe Reader
MtronPTI August 2006 – October 2014 (8 years 3 months) Network/Systems Administrator
Network Administrator
Responsibilities:
Network infrastructure including, VLans, Routers, Firewalls, Secure Remote Access devices, Internet, Wireless Cisco bridges connecting two sites in South Dakota, managing MPLS, P2P networks and Avaya VoIP phone system.
Company network includes sites in South Dakota, Florida, Hong Kong, India, China and the Netherlands of which I was responsible for systems in the Hong Kong and China locations.
Systems Administrator
Responsibilities:
Maintain all Servers which include Domain Controllers’, File Servers, Backup Servers, include backup to disk and Tape Backup drives, San, SQL Servers, Microsoft Exchange 2007 server, Avaya IP Office, Voice Messaging and Music On Hold servers, Security System server, workstations, production/manufacturing systems, consisting of OS’s from DOS to Server 2008R2, printers and all related peripherals.
Maintaining AD and Exchange Server 2007.
Interim IT Manager
Responsibilities:
Assumed responsibilities of IT Manager for the Yankton location during the last seven years on numerous occasions for period lasting up to four months while the IT Director position was vacant.
Accomplishments
Instrumental in planning and deployment of Microsoft 2003 Active Directory, upgrading the NT domain in South Dakota and the planning, incorporation and upgrading of the NT domain in Orlando into the existing AD domain in South Dakota one year later.
Upgraded the Yankton and Orlando infrastructure from 3Com Hubs to Cisco Catalyst 3750 switch stacks.
Upgrading company Email from Linux based Postfix to Microsoft Exchange 2007.
Directly involved with IT Director establishing Sarbanes-Oxley policies and audits.
Main Lead for planning and upgrading from analog PBX to Avaya VoIP phone system consisting of over 100 users locally at the Yankton facility and at the offshore locations in Shanghai, Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
Instrumental in upgrading Company from outdated MS Office versions to MS Office 2010.
Custom Computer Company, Inc.
February 1996- May 2006 (10 years 2 months)
Owner Operator - 10 years
Owner/sales and service of computers and servers
Supervision of employees
Retail sales of computers/servers and all related parts
Building, upgrading and repairing of computers. Onsite network installation, repair and troubleshooting.
US Navy
March 1970- December 1973
Aviation Machinist Mate E-5
Vietnam Veteran
Contact this candidate