Srinivas Kandadai
Monrovia, MD
301-***-**** • ad4fm7@r.postjobfree.com • www.linkedin.com/in/srinivas-kandadai-6097a356/

Summary:
Experience of 18+ Years as an IT Project/Program Manager/IT Manager/Scrum Master (Certified Scrum Master-CSM) working with Finance (Putnam Investments), Telecommunications (Nextel, Sprint and Clearwire), Mortgage (Fannie Mae), Insurance (Geico), IT Consulting (KMM Technologies). Airlines/Hospitality (LTU-Duesseldorf/Germany) and Utility (Providence Gas Company) Clients.
Leveraged 18+ years of information technology experience, including 8+ years of Agile Delivery expertise utilizing Waterfall or Agile (Scrum, Kanban, Scrumban) methodologies, to drive effective project planning and problem-solving with product management and delivery teams.
Technically sophisticated IT professional with a proven history of managing multi-million-dollar projects including budgeting and forecasting with large teams of cross-functional employees, delivering complex technical solutions to meet business objectives.
As a Collaborative IT Manager lead a team of over 50 (4 team leads of direct reports), delivered technical projects from initiation to support providing optimized solutions for applications. Successfully conducted quarterly and annual performance appraisals for team members, providing constructive feedback and recognition for achievements. Developed and implemented performance improvement plans to address individual and team performance gaps, resulting in enhanced overall productivity. Approved and facilitated both in-house and external training programs to address skill gaps and improve the capabilities of team members. Collaborated with training providers to tailor programs that aligned with departmental goals, ensuring a targeted and effective learning experience. Worked closely with team members to create personalized development plans, aligning individual career aspirations with organizational objectives. Monitored and tracked the progress of individual development plans, adjusting strategies as needed. Communicating regularly with stakeholders, developing an environment of trust and positivity.
Led both onshore and offshore teams. Varied business, ethnic background with experience in the mortgage, insurance, Investment, Utility, Airlines, and Telecommunications industries in USA, Germany, and India. Authorized to work in the US for any employer.
Led and managed development sprints from planning to execution to review in an agile development environment, ensuring efficient progress and timely delivery of project milestones.
Leveraged familiarity with product/project development in an Agile Teams setting within a technology-focused organization to effectively align change management strategies with product development and releases/deployments.
Led and managed projects from PI planning, daily standups, sprint reviews, sprint retrospectives, scrum of scrums, collaborated on product increments and proactively resolved barriers to maintain team momentum, team capacity to optimize resource utilization and enable successful achievement of team commitments and productivity.
Coached and collaborated with cross-functional teams, Product Owners, and other Scrum Masters to foster decision-making and continuous improvement throughout the development process.
Demonstrated experience in facilitating meetings at multiple levels of an organization, employing a variety of facilitation techniques to drive productive discussions and decision-making processes.
Demonstrated the ability to understand and represent both business and technology perspectives, facilitating effective communication and collaboration between stakeholders with diverse backgrounds and objectives in a highly collaborative, matrixed, complex, and fast-paced environment, adapting quickly to changing priorities and driving results in dynamic settings.
Developed customized JIRA dashboards tailored to specific project requirements, incorporating various data sources and dynamic gadgets such as pie charts and burndown charts for visualization of key performance indicators (KPIs).
Developed and delivered comprehensive presentations and project plans for IT initiatives, effectively communicating project objectives, timelines, and milestones to stakeholders and team members.
“Feather in My Cap” is by Introducing and Implementing Agile methodology (Kanban/Srumban) in the program. Provided essential training to the team, highlighting the benefits of Agile methodology via JIRA tool, and instilled confidence in its usage. Ensured successful adoption of the new methodology through comprehensive internal and external training, effectively eliminating any resistance to change.
Lead projects for the Enterprise Application Integration Services Team which is prioritizing and migrating business applications to a modernized application integration system. Conduct kick-off meetings with the cross functional teams, planned, delivered, and executed the disaster recovery exercise for B2B/A2A, managing scope changes, mitigating risks, timely intervention, escalation and communication on time to stakeholders to take timely action.
Migrated more than 500 interfaces from the legacy application to a more secure, scalable B2B gateway platform. Schedule, coordinate, and manage resource utilization to migrate B2B applications from AIX servers to Linux servers to reduce the build cycle, add additional server capacity as needed, reduce downtime, and make the servers cloud ready and secure.
Led projects for Integration applications by clearly defining the requirements. including the systems, data, and processes involved. Used Secure Protocols (HTTPS, SFTP, Connect Direct, AS2, FTPS), Implementing strong user authentication mechanisms. Enforced role-based access control to ensure users and systems can only access the data and functionalities they are allowed to (Pasword Access Manager -PAM Vault). Encrypt sensitive data at rest using strong encryption algorithms (Optim). implement end-to-end encryption to protect data in transit (PGP). Validate data and messages to prevent injection attacks, such as SQL injection, XML injection, or other types of code injection (Dynatrace). IP Whitelisting, network segmentation.
Led cross-functional teams in the design, development, and deployment of MicroStrategy-based reporting and analytics solutions to meet business requirements and enhance decision-making capabilities.
Oversaw the development and maintenance of complex data models, dashboards, and reports using MicroStrategy, optimizing performance and usability for end-users.
Worked for LTU (Luft Trans Unternehmen) Airlines Düsseldorf, Germany/Mumbai initially joined project in Mumbai, India as a Systems Analyst. Eventually, took complete, total, and sole responsibility for project. Determined requirements and produced design specifications. Designed, developed, maintained, implemented, and documented “Revenue Accounting System for Passengers”. Worked with Client in defining business requirements, converting to function requirements to technical requirements and design solutions for major enhancements and support, working with offshore team.
Developed full-scale project management plans and associated documents including communication plans, risk and mitigation plans, risk/issue logs, SOW, Change Orders and procuring licenses/permits, stakeholder engagement plans, deliverables, milestones list, acceptance criteria and project KPIs utilizing team leads and members of cross functional teams.
Managed vendors and onshore and offshore teams in multiple countries to establish a cooperative environment and ensure compliance with encryption, network, applications’ security, and other Sprint Corporate Security policies (SOX Compliant Architecture).
Directed large scale multi-million-dollar projects tracking, forecasting and managing budget and timelines for Setting up a disaster recovery site. Managed from scope, Initiation, planning, testing, executing, productionizing to handing over to operations teams collaborating with cross functional teams.
Setting up of training materials for different set of users for new applications, onboarding users, conducting training sessions, QandA sessions, demonstrating usage of new features or tools being used in Enterprise Application integration (EAI) domain for varied stakeholders.

Core Competencies:

Program/Project/Portfolio Management
Risk Management/ Security/ PCI DSS Compliance
Technology Migration/Implementation
New Technology Implementation
Infrastructure Management
IT Operations Management
Application Integration/Consolidation
Data Warehousing/Enterprise Data Management
Vendor Management/Relations
Disaster Recovery/Continuity Planning
Change/Release/Incident/Identity&Access Management
Leadership & Team Management
Cross-functional Team Collaboration
Stakeholder Relationship Management

Technical Skills:
Platforms: Sun Solaris, HP-UX, SuSE LINUX and AIX, MVS, MS-Windows.
Tools: Splunk, Moog soft, Service Now, Jira, Confluence, MS Word, Access, PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, Excel, Confluence, SharePoint, Remedy, Voltage, Optim, Micro Strategy, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, IBM Infosphere Guardium 9, 10.1, Splunk, Service Manager
Data Warehousing: Informatica (5.1, 6.2), Ab Initio 3.1.3.2.
Databases: Oracle, DB2, MS SQL Server 2012, Netezza.
Software: Axway (Synchrony) B2BI, Dynatrace, PM4Data, Veritas, PGP (Pretty Good Privacy), WebSphere Application Server (WAS), PVCS, PCMS, WS FTP Pro scripting, Unix Shell Scripting, Globe Scape, Uniface 6.1, 7.2.3, 8.0, Perl, Apache, Java, J2EE, Moogsoft.
Methodologies: Agile (Scrum and Kanban), Waterfall.
SOA Technologies: IBM WebSphere ESB, IBM WebSphere MQ.
Schedulers: Autosys, Control M, CA7, NT Scheduler, Unicenter.

Professional Experience

KMM Technologies, Rockville, MD Feb 2023 – Current
Senior IT Project Manager
Accountable for the IT services at the site: Collaborated with IT service delivery organization and Centre of Excellence (CoE) leads to ensure adherence to SLAs and optimize site IT service efficiency continuously by introducing and coaching agile (Scrumban) methodology to the infrastructure and development team.
Single Point of Contact (SPOC) between local stakeholders and the wider IT organization: Acted as the primary liaison for all IT-related matters at the site, managing stakeholder expectations and facilitating effective communication.
Gathered input on site-specific requirements: Captured and formalized unique site requirements beyond standard global IT services, ensuring adjustments to services to meet site-specific needs.
Ensured IT service SLAs met site requirements: Reviewed adherence to SLAs by IT service delivery teams, provided visibility to site leadership on SLA performance, identified gaps, and implemented remediation actions utilizing JIRA boards utilizing JQL (JIRA Query Language).
Ensured site compliance with defined IT processes and policies: Ensured site leadership took necessary actions to enforce adherence to established IT processes and policies among site employees.
Ensured site IT security compliance with global standards: Collaborated with regional IT security officer to enhance site IT security, promoted IT security awareness among site staff, and mitigated vulnerabilities.
Coordinated demand for IT/OT services: Captured and managed demand for IT and OT services, coordinated delivery activities to meet specific requirements.
Technical Disaster Recovery: Developed and periodically tested technical disaster recovery plan for the site, refreshed plans in response to changes in business or IT landscape.
Infrastructure Life Cycle Management: Managed life cycle of IT infrastructure for site operations, maintained inventory of IT assets, managed risks associated with aging components, and sponsored annual capital projects for equipment upgrades.
Applications Repository Management: Ensured local applications were documented and maintained in IT applications repository database.
Internal and Regulatory Audit: Prepared and represented the site as IT lead during regulatory inspections and audits, prepared remediation plans in response to audit findings.

Fannie Mae, Reston, VA Oct 2018 – Nov 2022
Application Integration Senior IT Project Manager

Lead projects for the Enterprise Application Integration Services Team (B2B/A2A) which is prioritizing and migrating business applications to a modernized application integration system. Conduct kick-off meetings with the application teams, planned, delivered, and executed the disaster recovery plan for B2B/A2A.
Migrated more than 500 interfaces from the legacy application to a more secure, scalable B2B gateway platform. Schedule, coordinate, and manage resource utilization to migrate B2B applications from AIX servers to Linux servers to reduce the build cycle, add additional server capacity as needed, reduce downtime, and make the servers cloud ready, secure and consolidate applications.
Migrate Application components from On Prem to Cloud Utilizing Scrum and Waterfall methodologies for Managing the projects.
Leading Daily standups of three scrum teams working on remediating any blockers, Scrum Reviews, Refinement, leading Releases, Scrum retrospectives. Scrum of Scrums, demonstrating the metrics, Lessons learnt and improvement in the processes if any, Facilitating PI planning and prioritizing backlog items for the quarter.
Developed customized JIRA dashboards tailored to specific project requirements, incorporating various data sources and dynamic gadgets such as pie charts and burndown charts for visualization of key performance indicators (KPIs), created Confluence boards.
Utilized JIRA Query Language (JQL) to create advanced filters, enabling precise data retrieval and manipulation, ensuring accurate and relevant information for dashboard reporting.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify reporting requirements and configure dashboard gadgets to display real-time updates, providing stakeholders with actionable insights for informed decision-making. Conducted regular reviews and refinements of dashboard configurations based on feedback and evolving project dynamics, while also providing training and support to team members on navigating JIRA dashboards and utilizing advanced JQL queries for data analysis.
Spearheaded projects focused on resiliency, specifically Disaster Recovery testing for critical applications. Orchestrated the coordination and development of run books and contingency plans, gathering input from application teams, business leads, and stakeholders. Monitored risks and resource allocation, executed disaster recovery testing, and delivered metrics via presentations to management. Achieved success in surpassing planned timelines and forecasting future improvements, while also updating the knowledge base as required by FHFA guidelines.
As a lead, saved more than a million dollars of license fees by spearheading 100% of migrating legacy system and set up for a more secure scalable system leading to decommissioning of the integration tool.
Reduced additional licensing costs thousands of dollars by leading the migration of legacy applications from AIX to Linux in collaboration with application owners to decommission/consolidate applications.
Present status reports to upper management, delineating project progress or risk and requested any escalations necessary to remove obstacles to achieve timely completion of the project.
Worked towards adoption of improved delivery models to provide sustainable savings in terms of effort, time-to-market, and improved quality by implementing number of initiatives cross-skilling on functional & platform specific areas.
Ensured that Production Migration guidelines are followed, and potential risks documented with contingency plans.
Developed full-scale project management plans and associated documents including communication plans, risk and mitigation plans, risk/issue logs, SOW, Change Orders and procuring licenses/permits stakeholder engagement plans, deliverables, milestones list, acceptance criteria and project KPIs.

GEICO, Chevy Chase, MD Jan 2015 – Sept 2018
IT Project Manager –Enterprise Data Warehouse (Information Systems Division)
Managed, implemented, and supported the Enterprise Data Warehouse function using Agile (introduced Kanban to the team for prioritizing/resolution of issues related to all the applications utilizing JIRA as a tool in the program) and Waterfall methodology.
Ensured that all related applications adhered to the security compliance standards of the company by collaborating with internal and external auditors.
Oversaw the successful completion of projects by the appropriate assignment of resources, reviewing and approving Statements of Work (SOWs), procuring licenses/permits based on needs and contracts. Collaborated with IT staff and stakeholders to obtain buy-in for all process improvements and projects.
Managed team of over 50 (3 team leaders reporting directly), quarterly performance appraisals, setting up of performance improvement plans for individuals, approval of required training inhouse or external to improve overall capability of team to achieve departmental goals, enabling everyone to be up to the mark and confidently discharge duties.
Headed all phases of the “Encryption at Rest” project which secured PCI, PII data elements on databases and file systems.
Collaborated with data owners, application owners, developers, administrators, data analysts, and stake holders to identify the PCI, PII data and used Voltage to secure the information after evaluating for usability, cost/benefit analysis of multiple vendor tools and getting approvals from upper management.
Directed the mainframe modernization project which saved the department over $600K and increased operational efficiency.
Implemented Kanban methodologies to support the development of behavioral change management, communications, and training initiatives, ensuring effective adoption, implementation, and compliance with processes and tools.
Collaborated with SAS Analytics teams and business owners to address and prioritize Netezza Appliance issues, introducing and implementing Agile methodology (Kanban). Provided essential training to the team, highlighting the benefits of Agile methodology via JIRA tool, and instilled confidence in its usage. Ensured successful adoption of the new methodology through comprehensive internal and external training, effectively eliminating any resistance to change.
Led cross-functional teams in the design, development, and deployment of MicroStrategy-based reporting and analytics solutions to meet business requirements and enhance decision-making capabilities.
Oversaw the development and maintenance of complex data models, dashboards, and reports using MicroStrategy, optimizing performance and usability for end-users.
Acted as a liaison between technical teams and business stakeholders, facilitating communication and driving consensus on project scope, deliverables, and priorities.
Negotiated SLAs for new processes by coordinating with stakeholders and application teams. Led a 95% improvement in operations areas not meeting SLA service standards.
Worked with external vendors, reporting to the management about the usability, feasibility of new technologies for the organization and doing comparative studies (including licensing/permits cost, operational costs), report to the upper management.

Sprint Nextel Communications, Reston, VA Oct 2007 – Dec 2014
IT Program/Project Manager Enterprise Application Integration
Oversaw a team of over 50 (including Onshore and Offshore resources), delivered technical support, and optimized security solutions for applications. Managed vendors and onshore and offshore teams in multiple countries to establish a cooperative environment and ensure compliance with encryption, network, applications’ security, data management and other Sprint Corporate Security policies (SOX Compliant Architecture).
Directed large scale multi-million-dollar projects, meeting time and budget constraints by Setting up a disaster recovery site for Encryption Gateway Services.
Been a level 3 Incident response person, handling and solving critical issues including communication to the upper management and stakeholders for EAI involving multinational boundaries.
Conducted comparative, cost/benefit, and risk analysis of similar applications during Mergers & Acquisitions as per the organizations’ security policies and standards, reported findings to management for adaptation of the best approach, viz., cost, time, ease of use approaches. Received Director’s Excellence award.
Proactively identify risks and issues on projects leading team to develop risk management and issues management.

Previous Experience

Putnam Investments - Boston, MA – as Senior Consultant
Analyzed, designed, developed, maintained, and deployed the investment Data Mart supporting International Client Reporting using Informatica VELOCITY methodology, Oracle and DB2. Transferred legacy data from Relational Document Manager on Unix to NT environment, supported on both NT and Unix using Interleaf. Analyzed new requirements from business units. Migrated applications, databases, related environment and related jobs to new servers. Acknowledged as top corporate resource for all Uniface analysis, development and maintenance.

Providence Gas Company - Business Analyst-Customer Information Systems
Studied and documented current systems and developed programming requirements for offshore development phase. Worked directly with End Users and Project Leader to determine and understand needs of existing and replacement systems. Designed Created Entity Relationship Diagrams (ERD) models for new Oracle Schema using Designer*2000. Designed database for the new application. Received acknowledgement that not a single change was needed on the database when front end was developed and implemented.

Tata Consultancy Services - Client: LTU Airlines Düsseldorf, Germany /Mumbai
Initially joined project in Bombay, India as a systems analyst. Eventually, took complete, total, and sole responsibility for project. Worked in Düsseldorf, Germany for two years. Determined requirements and produced design specifications. Designed, developed, maintained, implemented, and documented “Revenue Accounting System for Passengers”. Worked with Client in defining business requirements, converting to function requirements to technical requirements and design solutions for major enhancements and support.

Education:
Master of Computer Applications (Equivalent to MS in Computer Science (USA)
Postgraduate and Research Complex (DBHPS), India
Bachelor of Science
Osmania University, India
Certifications:
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) - Scrum Alliance, Inc.
Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) (Passed)– ISACA
PMP Certification in progress, Exam Scheduled – April 15th 2024.
Cloud Practitioner Certification in Progress.
Contact this candidate