Chäncellor O. Kaim

SUMMARY
Chäncellor is an Information Technology professional with more than 24 years of industry experience. His primary development has been in Java for the past 19 years, specifically in IT web project experience. Chäncellor possesses expertise in the rapid development of enterprise Rest and spring boot web applications by leveraging open-source components and platforms.

COMPUTER SKILLS
Languages: Java, FORTRAN, JavaScript, ActionScript, XML, JSP
Frameworks: J2EE, Struts, Spring, Rest, Hibernate, Wicket, Flex
RDBMS: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL
Toolkits: Eclipse, OpenCms, JavaDoc, GIT, and others.
Agile
Learning: AWS frameworks, Lambdas, Azure

WORK HISTORY
Cognizant - Duke Energy, Charlotte, NC 2/2019 – 2/2024
Traveling Contractor - Technical Lead / Training Manager
At Duke I was brought in with a team for a rapid development of a current Java and IOS application features with an existing team. Once the product stabilized, I was the only member of the contracting team left and have been moved to multiple other applications. These include in Gas writing a Java automatic processor using Spring Batch to make a ETL for a machine learning system. As well as with Transmission writing multiple Java and Angular applications that worked as a ETL set up for AI systems used to monitor tree growth near power lines. I moved to the tech lead of the Watchtower group where I helped stabilize many applications that needed some attention. While doing this I worked individually with the developers to get their skills and confidence levels up to maintaining multiple applications from different divisions like HR, Gas, Transmission, and Telcom. We were working in Java with Spring Boot and Rest services, .Net Rest services, Angular, AWS, and AWS Lambdas. The number of incidents being reported went down significantly during my tenure in Watchtower even with massive technology changes being coordinated throughout the company. I am proud that most of the Watchtower apps were some of the first to make the PCF to AWS migration with minimal issues, and we saved the company about $1 million in the 2023 year due to the streamlined approach and replacing unstable parts of the code bases. Finally, I helped coordinate about eleven developers with limited experience in application migration. They were working on around 35 applications that had to rapidly move from Windows 2012 servers to Windows 2019 servers and then on to AWS. We were able to get all of these started and had most of them in non-production levels working by the end of the first month. We had 2 go all the way to production and 6 waiting on a change freeze to push up to production by the end of the second month.

Cognizant - West Safety Services, Lisle, IL 9/2018 – 12/2018
Traveling Contractor – Senior Java Uplift Trainer
At WSS I was brought in with a team for a rapid training of current development staff to break a large nationally important monolith into Java Rest micro-services. We used J-Meter to build a testing suite to confirm the same request-responses from the old and the new applications matched exactly. Once these services were broken out, we then proceeded to lift and shift these into a PCF environment. The client was exceedingly happy with the way our tuition quickly helped their developers move into this new infrastructure environment.

EXLService, Columbia, SC 11/2016 – 04/2018
Senior Developer / Training Manager
At EXL I was brought on for 2 main reasons. The first was to train up a bunch of green coders just out of school. The second was to do a major set of modifications to their main application (SubroSource) for a new client. (Java, Oracle) While I was there, I also created a calendar "time off" system for the new client as well as took the lead in the internationalization of the whole view of the application. (Spring) The internationalization was requested by the client, but no one at EXL knew how to approach it. I took it on myself to research it out and came up with several strategies per internationalizable areas that I presented to the assistant vice president. He chose each from the examples and I lead the in house and the Noida, India teams on implementation. While I was there I also coached up the developers in both teams and worked on problem solving techniques. Throughout all this, I also helped the production and QA teams with bug fixes in the main application to keep their bug lists under control. In the end, the green coders were working well with problem solving and the new client was happy with the production product.

Palmetto GBA, Ecomm 2/2011 – 11/2016
Senior Seveloper / Training Manager
CBIC (Competitive Bidding Implementation Contractor) – Designed, coded, tested and implemented a large license approval workflow system using Java 1.7, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle 11x, and Agile methodology. This part of the system makes sure that the people that bid on the federal contracts have the licenses to bid. This has saved the U.S. government hundreds of millions of dollars per year.

DMS (Debt Management System) – Analyzed, designed, coded, tested and implemented a debt management workflow system using Java 1.8, Spring, Faces, Hibernate, Oracle 12x, and Agile methodology. This part of the system assigns payments to charges for medical firms based on claims from over payments systematically made. This process allows roughly 50 accountants to handle the roughly $5 billion in over payments made daily that previously needed around 350 accountants. The savings to the U.S. government comes from the reduction in personnel via salaries.

NSC (National Supply Clearinghouse) – Analyzed, designed, coded, tested and implemented a series of small applications using Java 1.7 and 1.8, Spring, Hibernate, Oracle 12x, and Agile methodology. This grouping of applications service medical suppliers giving them information on their contract statuses from license approval to current contract status with CMS. This has helped the U.S. government by reducing calls into call centers by giving frequently asked for information via a web page instead of calling.

GraySail LLC, 1/2005 – 1/2011
Senior Developer / Training Manager
CME GROUP (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) – Analyzed, designed, coded, tested and implemented a series of small applications Java 1.7, OpenCMS, and Agile methodology. This was a re-implementation of the educational website for the group which needed multiple aggregators for easy browsing of educational material for clients.

MAILNGS (mailings.com) – Analyzed, designed, coded, tested and implemented a new web presence application using Java 1.6, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, SQL, and Agile methodology. This was an implementation of a small business application website for the incorporation of e-commerce to the company.

CERRA (Center for Educator Recruitment, Retention, and Advancement) – Analyzed, designed, coded, tested and implemented the application using Java 1.6, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, Oracle 10x, OpenCMS, and Agile methodology. This was a legacy web portal application that had changed management and wanted maintenance of their web presence. The company had a bad relationship to start off with. Our point of contact and I turned them around into a dedicated and happy client that sought significant expansion of web operations due to better relationship.

FOGHORN (Law School Recruitment Application) – Analyzed, designed, coded, tested and implemented the application using Java 1.6, Spring, Struts, Hibernate, SQL, and Agile methodology. This was a new application had multiple factions vying for control of how the system worked. The primary function was a large data entry component with a “campaign” system to select applicants. The campaign system allowed individual users to build via a GUI multiple custom queries that were stored and could be run against the entered data to email potential candidates, create attendance lists, print name tags, and print table toppers with candidates’ names.
Project
Role
Description
OpenCms Buildout
Lead Developer
OpenCms site for a bulk institutional mailing company. Introduced extensive use of resource aggregation and dynamic navigation
Poitical Campaign
System
Lead Developer
OpenCms site for political campaign. Utilized resource aggregation extensively.
Web Portal
Development
Lead Developer
Web-based teacher recruitment system that uses OpenCms to 'wrap' a Java application, dynamically populate events from a custom calendar system, news aggregation with RSS feed, and on-the-fly site map and navigation population
Foghorn
Project Lead
Recruitment utility for gathering information on subjects from multiple sources, standardizing the data for precision mail and email campaigns.
Nation Active
Notification System
and Web Portal
Project Lead
Rapid completion of a large external system based in OpenCms, integrating a Java application with OpenCms and multiple Servlet applications.
International
Commerce
Website
Lead Developer
Public web system for a large community site with 500,000+ registered users. Based in OpenCms, this system utilizes multiple custom content-types and modules to provide a dynamic web experience for its users. Introduced ULR filtering to map database entities with both existing and dynamic OpenCms resources.

EDUCATION
1998 B.S., Physics, Minor in Math
Francis Marion University
Florence, South Carolina

TECHNICAL TRAINING
2005 - Certificate in Cardiovascular Sonography, Midlands Technical College
2002 - Graduate work in Information Theory Physics, University of South Carolina, Undergrad work in Computer Engineering, Research Assistant
Contact this candidate