Profile
Goal-directed, results-oriented. Professional with an Information Technology background. Skilled communicator, persuasive and adaptable. Self-motivated with high energy, initiative, and focus. Keep insight into the needs and views of others, able to listen and identify issues or problem areas and form innovative solutions. Excel in dynamic, demanding environments while maintaining pragmatic and focused. Education Credentials
• UCR / English Bachelor's degree 2004
• UNA / Computer Science Bachelor's degree 2005
• ITCR / Telematic Technician 2007
• PMP / Professional Project Manager 2010
• SSYB / Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certification 2016
• SCRUM / Scrum Master Certification 2017
• U SAN Marcos / Technical Specialization in Project Management 2018
• ITCR / Project Management Master Specialization 2023 Professional Experience
Senior Information Technology Project Manager at Fiserv December 2018 – Present
Managing the production of the required deliverables. planning and monitoring the project. adopting any delegation and use of project assurance roles within agreed reporting structures. preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required. Establish and ensure that the team follows Scrum practices. Facilitate Scrum ceremonies, coordinate sprints, retrospective meetings, and daily stand-ups. Collaborate with the Product Owner to manage backlogs and new requests. Plan team capacity for each sprint. Resolve conflicts and remove roadblocks as they arise. Track team progress on each sprint through velocity, burndown charts and other metrics. Coordinate customer demos and internal demos to enable learning and cross-training. Facilitate internal communication and effective collaboration Help teams implement changes effectively. Ensure deliverables meet quality standards at the end of each sprint. Help create a productive environment where team members feel "ownership" of the product and enjoy working on it. Drive alignment and compliance with the standards and direction set by the organization. Business System Consultant at Intertec International January 2017 – December 2018
Served as a liaison for technology teams by creating, planning and implementing strategic solutions to solve complex problems. Also support management by using technical expertise to identify, produce and evaluate cost effective procedures while maintaining productivity. Provide technical solutions to meet specific user needs. Elicit, analyze, validate, and document business requirements. Translate high-level business requirements into functional specifications and manage changes to those specifications. Communicate business direction to the IT organization. Write user stories, acceptance criteria and conduct enhancement sessions. Experience managing digital Web delivery projects. Experience eliciting requirements and acceptance criteria on agile projects. Application of agile methodologies (SAFe, SCRUM, Kanban) in requirements management throughout the software development lifecycle. Experience in SCRUM/KANBAN/LEAN, and project planning at sprint and iteration level. Proficiency with tools (JIRA, JIRA Align). Problem analysis and problem solving.
IT Business Analyst / PM at Televisora de Costa Rica July 2016 - December 2016
Worked in both business and IT side to deliver technology solutions. Analyzed IT team capabilities and business processes, models and strategies, then helped design, create and implement new technology solutions. The BA drives effective account business management by: Ensuring invoicing accuracy through good data mapping and contract knowledge. Monitoring contract changes management process. Implementing CRM Dynamics AX 2012 migration process. Assisting in sales forecast and pipeline alignment. Providing labor tracking outputs for consumption and cost analysis. Providing support for account and stakeholder meetings, including set-up, communicating, documenting and tracking actions. Managing ad-hoc reporting and data analysis requests for the account. Javier Jiménez V.
Master In Project Management
ad4hp4@r.postjobfree.com
+(506-****-****
Cartago, Tres Ríos
IT Project Manager / Engagement Lead at Juicetic
August 2015 - June 2016
Managing and leading the project team, recruiting project staff and consultants, managing co-ordination of the partners and working groups engaged in project work, detailed project planning and control including developing and maintaining a detailed project plan, managing project deliverables in line with the project plan, recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary, resolving cross-functional issues at project level, managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary, monitoring project progress and performance. Providing status reports to the project sponsor, managing project training within the defined budget, liaises with, and updates progress to, project board/senior management, managing project evaluation and dissemination activities. Managing consultancy input within the defined budget, final approval of the design specification, working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs, definition, and management of the User Acceptance Testing program. Identifying user training needs and devising and managing user training program. Cisco - Licensing Project Manager at Concentrix
January 2013 - December 2015
My day-to-day responsibilities included evaluating applications, approving invoices and managing licensing administrators in each department. I was also able to negotiate licensing agreements, resolve copyright disputes and collect royalties. Manage lifecycle development of projects using project management methodology and management tools. Develop with minimum support key documents specific to individual customers. Manage and complete all customer projects as contracted and within the mentioned time, financial and quality criteria. Ensure execution and compliance of processes, methods and tools are within project remit. Manage and head responsibility for any matrix dependencies with other projects. Participate in all projects related scheduled meetings. Plan additional meetings required for IT projects. Define and implement metric programs for project performance monitoring and improvement. Ensure stakeholder expectations are satisfactorily met and review processes. Provide projects results and leadership by complying with standard departmental policies, processes, and documentation guidelines for project delivery. Define and convey roles and responsibilities for project team members both functional and technical. Develop project plans, detailing work breakdown structures and critical paths. Perform with customers and technical resources to develop project schedule and detailed cost breakdowns. Perform risk management planning, risk identification and mitigation planning related to IT projects. Develop communication strategies and lead communications with senior executives and key stakeholders globally.
Customer Service Team lead at Amazon
August 2012 - February 2013
Provides daily direction and communication to employees so that customer service calls are answered in a timely, efficient, and knowledgeable manner. Provides continual evaluation of processes and procedures. Responsible for suggesting methods to improve area operations, efficiency and service to both internal and external customers. Provides statistical and performance feedback and coaching on a regular basis to each team member. Writes and administers performance reviews for skill improvement. Is available for employees who experience work and/or personal problems providing appropriate coaching, counseling, direction and resolution. Ensures employees have appropriate training and other resources to perform their jobs. Responds to and resolves employee relations issues expressed by team members. Creates and maintains a high-quality work environment so team members are motivated to perform at their highest level. Addresses disciplinary and/or performance problems according to company policy. Prepares warnings and communicates effectively with employees on warnings and makes effective/appropriate decisions relative to corrective action as required. Assists the manager with daily operation of the call center to include the development, analyses and implementation of staffing, training, telemarketing, scheduling and reward/recognition programs. Works as a member/leader of special or ongoing projects that are important to area/process improvement. Shares continual responsibility for deciding how to manage the employees, ensuring calls are handled efficiently and effectively. Establishes work procedures and processes that support the company and departmental standards, procedures and strategic directives. Uses appropriate judgment in upward communication regarding department or employee concerns. Business Project Manager at Hewlett Packard Enterprise May 2011 - July 2015
Manage a portfolio of projects according to the standards and expectations of the PMO. Manage assigned resources as appropriate to the implementation of project related activities. Manage a team of Business Analysts. Prepare and maintain all project documentation such as, initiation, delivery plans and budgets. Develop and maintain project plans and reporting documentation as necessary to ensure timely communication and successful delivery of assigned projects. Ensure projects are planned and executed in-line with the PMO approach. Risk and Issue identification and management. System and Operational Acceptance testing. Deployment planning, management, and transition to live operation and Operational support plans. Ensure deliverables meet required quality standards. Ensure adequate levels of documentation are produced as part of the technical solution. Develop and maintain a Communications Plan and keep the business communities appraised of project plans and related implications. Production of progress and other management reports. Ensure business benefits can be realized or that risks inhibiting realization are highlighted. Coordination of internal BPP services (e.g. Facilities Management) and external service providers as necessary to meet project timescales. To provide PMO support as necessary to business initiatives and change projects. IT Helpdesk Specialist at Fujitsu
March 2010 - June 2012
Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware. Respond to queries either in person or over the phone. Write training manuals. Training computer users. Maintain daily performance of computer systems. Respond to email messages for customers seeking help. Ask questions to determine nature of problem. Walk customer through problem-solving process. Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software. Clean up computers. Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems. Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems. Install computer peripherals for users. Follow up with customers to ensure issue has been resolved. Gain feedback from customers about computer usage. Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur. HPUX Remote Support Specialist at HP
May 2009 - April 2011
Responsible for leading a team of engineers that provided OS and FW analysis and advice on HP-UX and Storage Area Networks (SAN/Storage) technologies. This includes team metrics accountability, as customer satisfaction and quality, and people development. Transformation Projects: Local Lead and contributor in the HP UX Patch Analysis, SAN/Storage Devices Firmware Analysis, HP UX Server Firmware Analysis, Global ITIL Change Management Process for Mission Critical, and Mission Critical Non-Stop Transformation projects, which means to move existing businesses in the USA to Costa Rica. I also designed and implemented the Mission Critical HP Networking Transformation project deliverables, which looks for deliver a consistent, holistic MC experience for Mission Critical HP Networking customers, including Network Asset Report, Network firmware and software analysis, and Network critical incident notification. Global Mission Critical Solution Lead at HP
February 2006 - April 2009
Business collaboration, operational and technical advice, and sharing of HPE best practices. Coordination of proactive activities. Coordination of additional HPE resources when specific skills are needed (such as storage or network specialists). Conducting support planning and reviews. Conducting support activity reviews. Monitoring issues, patches, and advisories that could impact the Customer’s environment. Accelerated escalation management. Business recovery and technical resolution of events. Operating system patch analysis and management. Firmware analysis and recommendation. Trend and service activity reporting. Recommendation of preventive activities. Installation of agreed- upon non-customer-installable hardware changes and firmware updates, as required by the hardware advisory notification for selected devices. Performance of preventive maintenance and organization of environmental surveys for selected devices.
Technical Support Team Supervisor / Admin - Tier2 at Supra Telecom February 2003 - January 2006
Plan, organize, schedule, and supervise the day-to-day technical support operations, which encompasses all troubleshooting, customer service issues, approvals, RMA and installations Lead, manage, develop, train and review performance of staff, as required. Ensure all employee issues and concerns are addressed in a timely manner, encourage involvement from a staff and foster a positive team environment. Measure, monitor and maintain customer service and satisfaction. Foster good customer relations and service at all times Manage and Schedule training and development for all the technical support team i.e. new equipment, skills enhancement etc. Manage and maintain the RMA process. Manage, monitor, and maintain the knowledge database and CRM functionality to include tracking tickets issued, outstanding, completion time etc. Manage the travel schedule of technical support specialists. Manage, follow - up and maintain all service contracts/agreements and warranties. Develop and maintain department policies, procedures, and processes, as required. Work with other departments R&D, MFG and QC, on identifying and ensuring product design or any other issues are tackled, and corrective action(s) is taken, ensuring the customer is satisfied with the outcome. Manage service parts inventory. Perform other duties assigned by management.
Contact this candidate