Dwayne M. Manigault, MPM, PMP
**** ***** **** **** ~ Laurel, MD 20724
Home/ Cell: 443-***-****
ad4qs6@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
FEMA certified Level I Continuity of Operations Practitioner, MPM (Master Project Manager), PMP (Project Management Professional), and Information Technology CompTIA certified Project Manager with expertise in complex system environments. An IT Project Management Professional who possessed a TOP SECRET/SCI security clearance (INACTIVE 23 Sept 2020) and worked under the Office of the Secretary Of Defense, Secretary Of the Air Force, and Headquarters Air Force. Highly accomplished at applying management techniques to the five process areas to include: Initiating, Planning, Executing, Controlling, and Closing. Expert in the use of proven Project Management practices to efficiently complete projects within scope, schedule, and budgetary constraints. A Senior Project Manager with twenty-three years of progressive business and technical experience focused on providing customer value. Highly experienced at instituting/ running a PMO (Project Management Office). An Honorary Advisor for the American Academy of Project Management (AAPM). Proficient and knowledgeable in MS Project, MS Visio, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, meeting facilitation, presentations, team building, facilitation of project charters, planning documents, risk management, issue and action item management, and closing documents.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Department of Defense AFDW/A3C Mar 2009-Sept 2020 (Retired)
Continuity of Operations (COOP) Deputy Communications Program Manager/Emergency Management Specialist
Air Force District of Washington (AFDW), Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1600

Deputy Communications/IT Project manager that supported AFDW/A3C, HAF, AFOG, and AFWATCH with strategic planning functions of the Air Force Continuity of Operations and Disaster Recovery Information Technology (IT) infrastructure.

Plans, organizes, and directs the Information Technology activities of AFDW/A3C, ensuring that HAF COOP complies with legal and regulatory requirements and meets customer needs.
Uses expertise to ensure the capability exists to perform work, at the alternate work sites, until normal operations are resumed.
Ensures that continuity of MISSION ESSENTIAL functions, at the alternate work sites, are maintained during natural, technological, accidental, and terrorist disasters.
Plans, organizes, and oversees information technology systems day-to-day activities and support to the directorate, AFDW, HAF senior leaders and the Joint Staff.
Responds to issues related to Homeland Security and Headquarters Air Force to include:
- delegation of emergency authority
- safe-keeping of vital records
- acquisition of vital resources for MISSION ESSENTIAL functions
- plans to relocate MISSION ESSENTIAL personnel/functions to other work sites to sustain operations until threat is past.
Provides input and assistance to help coordinate desktop exercise/real world testing, training, and exercise (TT&E) programs to demonstrate and improve the Air Force’s ability to execute its COOP plan.
Executes all planning, program management, and oversight for delivering comprehensive IT/IT infrastructure solutions at the Organizational Level (Pentagon) and Field Operating Unit level (alternate sites).
Serves as the AFDW/A3C COOP representative with authority to speak for COOP in dealing with organizations such as EPA, PENREN, and a variety of other installation and functional area organizations.
Ensures that USAF COOP and 844th COOP members receive training and information on emergency plans, exercise schedules, and activities.
Establishes, develops, and maintains effective working relationships with the Interagency, the Office of the Secretary of Defense including the Defense Logistics Agency and Washington Headquarters Service, Combatant Commands, the Joint Staff, HAF, Air Force MAJCOMs, and other organizations as required.
Develops options and recommendations for meeting customer and client requirements based on agency and/or directorate/office priorities and the Department of Defense (DOD) vendor’s capability to deliver new services and products.
Exercises supervisory personnel management responsibilities by managing the 844th COOP PM and 844th COOP IT support members and acts as a focal point for working with Operations and Maintenance (O&M) to ensure COOP system operational readiness.

ENGINEERING SYSTEMS SOLUTIONS INC. Nov 2005-Mar 2009
Continuity of Operations Program and Risk (COOP) Manager
Air Force Pentagon Communications Agency (AFPCA), Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1600

Internal project management consultant that revamped, instituted, and directed PMO procedures that contributed to the life cycle and strategic planning of the Air Force Continuity of Operations and Disaster Recovery Information Technology (IT) infrastructure.

Responsible for ensuring that AFPCA has developed, trained, and tested, IT support personnel able to execute, respond, and maintain continuity of MISSION ESSENTIAL operations under all circumstances that could disrupt normal operations.
Uses expertise to ensure the capability exists to perform work, at the alternate work sites, until normal operations are resumed.
Ensures that continuity of MISSION ESSENTIAL functions, at the alternate work sites, are maintained during natural, technological, accidental, and terrorist disasters.
Responds to issues related to Homeland Security and Headquarters Air Force to include:
- delegation of emergency authority
- safe-keeping of vital records
- acquisition of vital resources for MISSION ESSENTIAL functions
- plans to relocate MISSION ESSENTIAL personnel/functions to other work sites to sustain operations until threat is past.
Provides input and assistance to help coordinate desktop exercise/real world testing, training, and exercise (TT&E) programs to demonstrate and improve the Air Force’s ability to execute its COOP plan.
Executes all planning, program management, and oversight for delivering comprehensive IT/IT infrastructure solutions at the Organizational Level (Pentagon) and Field Operating Unit level (alternate sites).
Serves as the AFPCA COOP representative with authority to speak for COOP in dealing with organizations such as EPA and PENREN.
Ensures that AFPCA ERS employees receive training and information on emergency plans, exercise schedules, and activities.
Represents AFPCA in classified activities associated with the programs and procedures of all activated emergency plans and operations at alternate sites and specialized equipment needs.
Develops options and recommendations for meeting customer and client requirements based on agency and/or directorate/office priorities and the Department of Defense (DOD) vendor’s capability to deliver new services and products.
Manages AFPCA COOP Engineer and attends AFPCA COOP Working Group and acts as a focal point for working with Operations and Maintenance (O&M) to ensure COOP system operational readiness.
Serves as the AFPCA COOP liaison, and provides expert advice, guidance, and consultation to key high-level government management.
Fields and resolves AFPCA COOP questions, problems and complaints promptly and efficiently and employs tact and diplomacy in building consensus among groups holding diverse viewpoints, expectations and opinions.
Direct responsibility for preparing several recurring reports which include, but are not limited to, the weekly AFPCA COOP Program Status Report, and the weekly AFPCA ADVON ERS Roster sent to all appropriate stakeholders.
Conducts AFPCA COOP special studies, evaluations, and briefings.

DYNAMIC RESEARCH CORPORATION (IMPACT INNOVATIONS GROUP), Oct 2002-July 2005
Technology Project Manager, Deputy Chief, Project Management Office (PMO)
Defense Information School (DINFOS), Ft. Meade, MD 20755

Internal project management consultant that assisted in developing the overall direction of the Project Management Office (PMO).

Provided services to the organization's portfolio of projects such as:
-guidelines
-planning
-scheduling
-estimating
-cost and risk assessment.
General functions included establishing and validating project management policies and guidelines.
Assisted in providing centralized services of projects such as:
-planning
-scheduling
-estimating cost
-project accounting
- risk assessment.

Highly accomplished at prioritizing projects to ensure consistency with business strategies and directives.

Creates/reviews/approves project statement, project plan, risk analysis, project budget and financial resources based on project statement

SNELL ENTERPRISES, INC. Jan 2001-Oct 2002
Technology Project Manager
Defense Information School (DINFOS), Ft. Meade, MD 20755

Internal project management consultant that provided input on key projects. Responsibilities include understanding, formatting, and validating Communications Computer Command and Control systems for the Defense Information School systems.

Interfaces with external and internal clients to define the project scope.
Interfaces with the project team to manage project expectation.
Evaluates, reviews, and revises Communications, Computer, Command, and Control (C4) systems plans and validates technical solutions.
Manages the design, development, and implementation of information technology (IT) plans, architectures, and installation of Defense Information School systems.
Advises senior management on project milestones, upgrades, and enhancements.
Prepares, reviews, supervises, and implements project documentation and schedules project support.
Manages the installation, integration and testing of hardware and software for network compatibility prior to enterprise-wide implementation.
Schedules acceptance inspections and manages project completion actions.
Creates acceptance documents and writes acceptance test plans.
Tracks, manages, assigns resources and provides status updates using Microsoft Project.

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE Feb 1998-Jan 2001
Senior Project Manager
Defense Information School (DINFOS), Ft. Meade, MD 20755

Contributed to the life cycle and strategic planning of the DINFOS Information Technology (IT) infrastructure.

Executes project management duties to include developing and maintaining a project plan, project charter, establishing project timelines/budgets, and leading project teams.
Managed projects utilizing formal Project Management tools (i.e. System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project Management Methodology (PMM)).
Utilized PM software tools, to include Microsoft Project.
Plans, coordinates and monitors the project from cradle to grave.
Continuously reviewed status of projects and produced administrative reports.
Provided project updates and professional administrative project management support to resolve issues and problems.
Provided day to day management/oversight of the project team.
Served as the main point of contact to the client for all IT projects.
Secured consensus on IT Project decisions between customer, project team, and management.
Managed vendors and subcontractors for the project and ensured timely feedback.

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE Feb 1994- Feb 1998
Defense Messaging Systems (DMS) Project Manager
Standard Systems Group Maxwell AFB Gunter-Annex, AL 36114

Responsibilities include tracking, validating, and coordinating issues relating to the Defense Message System- Air Force Program.

Creates/prepares Project Support Letters (PSL) and Project Support Agreements (PSA).
Coordinates with higher headquarters (Major Commands), contractors, base level project managers, and other agencies concerning procurement, shipment, scheduling, and installation of all Computer, Command, and Control (C4) systems equipment.
Evaluates configuration interoperability between components and existing/planned base architectures.
Prepares and oversees command-level briefings, fielding conferences for data collection, site surveys, and installation teams for two major engineering contractors.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

FEMA Level I Continuity of Operations Certification, 2013
Attended Continuity of Operations Level I courses sponsored by FEMA, 2013
Attended courses sponsored by Sun Microsystems (sponsored by GTSI), Cisco 2005/2006
Honorary Advisor for American Academy of Project Management (AAPM), 2005
Master Project Manager Certificate (MPM) from American Academy of Project Management (AAPM), 2005
Project Management Professional Certification (PMP), Project Management Institute (PMI), 2005
Information Technology Project Management Certification, CompTIA, 2004
Professional Skills: Addressing Communication Breakdown and Conflict on Teams, International Institute for Learning, Inc, 2003
Professional Skills: Elements of Project Management Success, International Institute for Learning, Inc, 2003
Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Methodology, International Institute for Learning, Inc, 2003
Project Management Institute (PMI) Measuring Technology Value, International Institute for Learning, Inc, 2003
Radical Information Systems/Information Technology Project Management, International Institute for Learning, Inc, 2002
Project Management Certificate Program (PMP), International Institute for Learning, Inc, 2002
Project Management Certification, Brain Bench, 2001
Purchasing Process Certification, Brain Bench, 2001
IT Project Management Core Capabilities, IKON, 2001
Deploying Windows 2000, IKON, 2001
Telecommunications Fundamentals II, Global Knowledge, 1999
Telecommunications Fundamentals I, Global Knowledge, 1999
Dealing With Angry Customers, United States Air Force, 1998
Fundamentals of LAN/WAN Management, 1998
Spectrum Operations System Administrators Course, Computer Science Corp, 1998
Microsoft Access training, United States Air Force, 1997
Microsoft Project 4.0 Course, United States Air Force, 1996
Planning and Implementation Seminar, United States Air Force, 1996
Graduate of Airman Leadership School, United States Air Force, 1995
Honor Graduate Communications Computer Command and Control systems Plans and Implementation Apprentice Course, United States Air Force, 1994

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
FEMA:
Certified Professional Continuity Practitioner
Project Management Institute:
Certified Project Management Professional (PMP)
American Academy of Project Management (AAPM):
Member of American Academy of Project Management (AAPM)
Certified Master Project Manager (MPM)
Honorary Advisor for American Academy of Project Management (AAPM)
International Institute Of Learning (IIL)
Ganthead
Global Knowledge
All PM
PM Boulevard
Contact this candidate