Jan Veitch
Orillia, ON. ad4sxb@r.postjobfree.com 705-***-**** Linkedin.com/in/janveitch

Creative, resourceful, IT and Project Manager with a proven record of successfully managing all aspects of IT operations for a multi-location company with over six-hundred employees and many clients. Recognized for ensuring strong cyber-security to safeguard critical data.
Adept at leading transformative IT projects and enhancing efficiency. Skilled at ensuring 24x7 reliability by engineering robust systems and infrastructure.
With proven abilities to envision and execute IT strategies, I am committed to driving innovation and exceeding goals through integration of technology and business objectives. My dedication to cyber-security, cost optimization, and innovative solutions has consistently yielded transformative results.
Experience
Senior Consultant, Riverdale IT Services, Severn ON. April 2022 to present.
Project management and consulting in networking, cloud services, 365, Azure/Entra AD, software, hardware, and telecommunication.
IT Manager, Fowler Construction Company, Ltd., Bracebridge, Ontario. October 2008–April 2022.
Managed all IT for a six-hundred employee company in multiple locations.
Spearheaded cyber-security efforts, resulting in a flawless record of zero breaches through intruder monitoring, end-point security, security hardware, credential management, and comprehensive user education programs.
Orchestrated IT improvements across all functional areas, driving strategy and execution for resulting in business growth and enhanced efficiency.
Successfully led and managed various IT projects, including two ERP transitions, handling budgets, hiring, resource allocation, and vendor management, ensuring timely and cost-effective project delivery.
Enhanced ERP performance through strategic projects that researched and implemented innovative solutions, streamlining processes and minimizing errors in payroll and production data gathering.
Improved data visibility, leveraging tools such as SSRS, Power BI, and Crystal allowing data-driven decision-making and efficiency across the organization.
Drove productivity and data integration by leading the customization of vendor and in-house user interfaces and SQL functionalities for ERP, payroll data collection, and estimating systems.
Seamlessly integrated legacy applications using a diverse array of languages, including SQL, C#, VB, PowerShell, PHP, and Python, to automate inter-process communication.
Optimized costs and vendor selection through in-depth usage analysis, resulting in substantial savings on printing, credit card processing, communication, and licensing expenses.
Successfully implemented server virtualization to reduce costs and enhance reliability, using Hyper-V, VMware, Azure, AWS, Veeam, and Backup Exec for high-availability, disaster recovery, and robust backup solutions.
Built and managed on-premise and cloud-based infrastructure, encompassing Active Directory, Group Policy, SQL, Exchange, 365, RADIUS, file, and print servers, as well as network, cabling, and communication equipment.
Implemented a seamless transition from Blackberry/BES to other MDM platforms, improving security and cost control in mobile device management.
Negotiated better terms with cellular vendors, enhancing mobile communication while reducing costs.
Delivered significant cost savings and improved communication by upgrading office phones and PBX to a VoIP hybrid.
Designed and maintained robust WLAN, LAN, and Wi-Fi networks, ensuring reliable and secure connectivity for all users.
Implemented secure communication for geographically dispersed offices through VPNs, firewalls, and VLANs, mitigating potential risks.
Demonstrated exceptional adaptability and forward-thinking during the COVID-19 pandemic by creating and expanding secure remote access solutions, facilitating seamless full-scale remote work.
Streamlined IT support with the implementation and management of in-house ticketing systems, using Jira and Confluence for effective issue tracking, resolution and documentation.
Fostered a culture of continuous learning and development by providing staff with comprehensive in-house and vendor training, ensuring optimal technology adoption and integration.
Replaced the outdated, unsupported, phone system. Moved existing POTs lines to digital trunks, reducing annual line costs by
Owner, Computer Muskoka, Bracebridge, Ontario. June 1992–September 2008.
Managed IT for diverse clients across multiple industries, including engineering, legal, transportation, construction, manufacturing, insurance, brokerage, government, non-profit, hospitality, and retail.
Built bespoke servers, PCs, and laptops.
Developed middleware in Visual Basic and C#.
Managed retail operations for my business.
Provided web design, CAD, and desktop publishing services and support.
Co-Owner, Gravenhurst Radiology, Gravenhurst, Ontario. (Business sold)
OHIP and direct billing and bookkeeping for our family-owned radiology clinic.
Reduced staff time by designing an application to submit billing to OHIP electronically.
Instructor, Georgian College, Ontario. Various periods, 1992 on.
Taught networking, Active Directory, hardware maintenance, and other IT in the Computer Studies and Adult Education Program at Georgian, leading students of the program to successful IT careers.
Certifications
Security+, MCSE, Network+, A+.
Leadership, Communication and Community Involvement
Through various leadership positions overseeing teams of up to 20 individuals, I have refined my communication and presentation prowess, cultivated strong relationship-building capabilities, and adeptly facilitated education, team development, and technical guidance across all levels.
Committee Member, Environmental Advisory Committee, City of Orillia.
Research environmental issues as directed and report to the committee and council.
Secretary-Treasurer, Muskoka Condominium Corporation
Increased property values by 150 percent (before the bubble) as Secretary-Treasurer, and functional President, through improved management, strategic maintenance and capital projects.
Created a group of owners in a project to buy adjoining waterfront land from the municipality and led negotiations leading to the successful purchase.
Started and managed a project to bring fibre Internet to the corporation units.
President, Bracebridge Tennis Club.
Led our tennis club in a more inclusive and friendly direction and grew membership by 20 percent after members asked me to join the board and help reverse membership decline and discontent.
Worked with the town to develop and improve facilities.
Secretary & President-Elect, Rotary Club of Bracebridge-Muskoka Lakes.
Helped fundraising and member engagement using my skills in desktop publishing, web design, cloud storage, audio-visual, and media.
Managed club membership, communication and social media.
Worked with the Canada Revenue Agency to get charitable status for the club.
Language Skills
Exemplary written and spoken English skills. Continuing to study and improve my French.
Contact this candidate