Summary:
● A Senior IT professional with over ** years of experience involving 11+ years of strong Project and Program Management Office, 7+ years of Agile scrum and 6+ years of SAP R/3
● Involved in suggesting appropriate agile methodology as per project requirement.
●Conducted coaching for team and business stakeholders.
●Hands on experience in estimation, sprint planning, requirement prioritization and tracking progress using burndown charts and other relevant metrics
●Insightful knowledge of modern concepts of end-to-end project planning.
● Extensive knowledge of implementation from scope management, suggesting technology-based solutions, effort & cost estimation, design, development, testing, deployment, user training, risk analysis to quality management in adherence with international guidelines and norms.
●Extensively worked on Fixed Bid, Production Support (SLA and severity based) and T&M projects.
● Handled large and complex engagements during the project life cycle. An effective leader with excellent communication and interpersonal skills with emphasis on building strong client relationships.
●Handled Production Support projects (24*7 support) which were SLA driven
●Discuss project requirements based on client’s statement of work (SOW)
●Project Planning includes Initiation, Scoping, Estimation, Scheduling, Costing, Resource Allocation, Monitoring Milestones, and Control Planning etc.
●Development and management of Project Plans, Resource assignments, Risk Mitigation Plan, Onsite / Offshore Coordination, Team Management, Client Reporting, Quality Assurance, Configuration and Delivery Management.
●Dedicated Leadership & Team Management aptitude through Recruitment, Induction, Guiding, Mentoring, Performance Appraisals and Career Development of large technical teams.
●Worked as Onsite coordinator for GE in Netherlands and Meryl Lynch in London
●Coordination with internal departments including DEG, Finance, HR, Admin, Infra teams for project related activities
●Presenting revenue forecast to senior management.
●Responsible for monitoring project cost, budgets, and P&L of the projects in the practice
●Continually seeking opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client relationships.

Platform & Tools Experience
●Hands on experience in development of client/server, web based applications.
●Worked on ASP, java scripting HTML, SAP
●Database like Oracle and big data
●Worked with clarity software to manage product,services and finances.
●Tools worked on JIRA, JIRA Align,MPP, Confluence and visualization web applications like Grafana.
●Familiar with cloud based version control service Github and automation software Jenkins for CI/CD pipeline.
●Familiar with AWS service for cloud based implementation

Skills
● Agile Scrum and Waterfall
●Resource management, Team building, mentoring.
●Planning & scheduling
●Scope/Change management
●Issues/Risk management
●Contract negotiations
●Budget and financial planning
●Vendor management
●ITIL framework
●User training
●Proven leadership capability

Certification Completed
● Scrum Master Certified (CSM) - February 2018
● PMP – December 2019
●AWS certified cloud practitioner - November 2023

Professional Experience Summary:

Cognizant Technology Solutions (Sr. Manager) October 2023 – till date
Agile Project Manager /Scrum Master – Client: JP Morgan Chase.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational financial institution headquartered in New York City and incorporated in Delaware. It is the largest bank in the United States and the world's largest bank by market capitalization as of 2023
●The role involved handling 2 POD teams, one located in Chicago and other in plano. The infrastructure is on AWS cloud . This involved working with various upstreams and downstreams systems to ensure the dependency is handled .
●Educated the team and the necessary stakeholders on agile methodology and scrum framework to get the maximum benefit.
●Ensured that the matrix like churn,say-do-ratio, backlog health etc are well within the limit.
●Implemented good engineering practice within the teams.
●Conducted a regular knowledge sharing session within the teams.
●Conducted PI planning with PO and team to ensure that we have a goal defined for each quarter and dependency are identified well in advance.
●Have worked intensively on JIRA and created dashboards for the stakeholders.

Cognizant Technology Solutions (Sr. Manager) April 2023 – September 2023
Senior Project Manager – Client: Verizon
Verizon is an American wireless network operator that previously operated as a separate division of Verizon Communications under the name Verizon Wireless. As a part of new engagement, Verizon implemented CIAM (customer identity and Access management) across Verizon business group and Verizon customer group.
The role involved on boarding resources at onshore, offshore, and near shore working on different lines of business.
● Used the reporting/metrics an important aspect of the JIRA tool.
●Worked on user stories and Facilitate scrum ceremonies and worked on capacity planning.
●Generate reports to showcase the team WHIP and Velocity.
● Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and key stakeholders.
● Additional responsibility of sharing the billing forecast for the project.
●Successfully released different projects without escalation and in time. Documented all learnings in JIRA retro.
●Contributed to Scrum master forums.
●Identified and implemented CI items resulting in cost savings.
●Set up a cadence with different teams for smooth delivery.
●Development and management of Project Plans, Resource assignments, Onsite / Offshore Coordination, Team Management, Client Reporting, Delivery Management.
● Proven track record of Leadership & Team Management for a large technical team.

Cognizant Technology Solutions (Sr. Manager) Feb 2022 – April 2023
Agile Project Manager /Lead- Agilist – Client: HCSC
Health Care Service Corporation, a Mutual Legal Reserve Company (HCSC), and an Independent Licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, is the largest customer-owned health insurer in the United States. HCSC is dedicated to expanding access to high quality, cost-effective health care and equipping our members with information and tools so they can make the best health care decisions for themselves and their families.
The HCSC system is designed to capture the data from various vendors and then work on the transformation logic to send the data to Teradata or other vendors.
My role involved working as scrum master as well as managing some responsibilities of project manager.
●The role involved handling a team of 20 members onsite and working on more than one enhancement at a given time.
●Used the reporting/metrics an important aspect of the JIRA tool.
●Worked on user stories and Facilitate scrum ceremonies and worked on capacity planning.
●Generate reports to showcase the team WHIP and Velocity.
●Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and key stakeholders.
●Additional responsibility of sharing the billing forecast for the project.
●Successfully released different projects without escalation and in time. Documented all learnings in JIRA retro.
● Contributed to Scrum master forums.
● Identified and implemented CI items resulting in cost savings.

Cognizant Technology Solutions (Sr. Manager) May 2021 – Sep 2021
Agile Project Manager /Scrum Master – Client: Walgreens
Walgreen is an American company that operates as the second-largest pharmacy store chain in the United States behind CVS Health. It specializes in filling prescriptions, health and wellness products, and health information.
They have a legacy system, and the objective was to move the existing functionality to a new system with some additional functionalities.
●My role involved working as scrum master as well as managing some responsibilities of project manager.
●The role involved handling a team of 10 members onsite and offshore, multiple projects and multiple stakeholders.
●Used the reporting/metrics an important aspect of the JIRA tool.
●Knows how to make stories, run a board and create reports from JIRA.
●Generate reports to showcase the team WHIP and Velocity.
●Facilitate scrum ceremonies.
●Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and key stakeholders.
●Additional responsibility of sharing the billing forecast for the project.
●Successfully released different projects without escalation and in time. Documented all learnings in confluence.

Independent Consultant Jul 2014 – to Sep 2019
Agile Scrum Master – Client: ADS Tech
ADS Technologies manufactures computer peripheral equipment for the consumer and professional markets. Its products include video encoders and converters, video capture devices, TV tuners, and accessories for digital music players. ADS markets its professional products, including a broad line of video capture cards, through its PYRO AV division. The company primarily sells its products in North America and Europe
A web portal for electronics stores with shopping cart functionality was developed. My role was agile scrum master handling a team of 8 developers.
Facilitate sprint planning, daily scrums, retrospectives, stakeholder meetings, and software demonstrations.
●Protect the development team from outside distractions, impediments or team conflicts, and maintain focus on product backlog and project timeline increasing the productivity of Scrum teams by 16% and the quality of deliverables by 22%.
● Work closely with product owners in backlog management and continuous delivery of features.
●Facilitated Scrum of Scrum for offshore teams in India.
●Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and key stakeholders.
●Direct and lead development team from project initiation through the delivery of final product.

Project Manager /Agile Scrum Master – Client: GKK works
GKK works is a professional services firm headquartered in Irvin which provides architecture, interior design, planning, construction, construction management, program management, and design-build services for all aspects of the built environment including K-12 and higher education, healthcare, hospitality, commercial, government, and critical facilities.
Proprietary project management tool was developed to manage various projects for the clients across North America allowing upload download of project information.
●Assisted team with making appropriate commitments through story selection, sizing and task definition and participated proactively in developing and maintaining team standards, tools and best practices reducing development time by 35%.
●Planned and monitored project budget/spending.
●Guided projects to completion on time, within scope, and on budget.
●Managed project scope to ensure delivery was compliant with scope commitment.
●Tracked and managed product backlog, burndown metrics, velocity, and task breakdown.
●Addressed problems through risk management and contingency planning.

Project and Program Management Office – Client: GKK works
Enterprise intranet – intranet functionality was developed for GKK employees as per the access role. Some of the modules were shopping cart functionality to purchase merchandise, timesheet approval system and admin module for the same.
●Worked as an Independent Program Management Office (PMO) and advised clients in improving their IT Processes by studying their current business setup, understanding the systems they have in place and changing them to help clients in operational efficiency and business process improvement.
●Program Management - Ensures delivery of programs and projects are on time, on budget and in alignment with created business strategy. Planning, organizing, directing and tracking all aspects of IT programs/projects.
●Facilitation of project status meetings, requirements gathering sessions, change management initiatives. Tracked schedule, scope, change requests, issues.
●Develop milestones and detailed task level plans, including assigning resources and level of efforts.
●Maintain concurrent project plans and facilitate project status meetings.
●Create and track status reports and client presentations using Microsoft products.
●Develop documents like issues log, and risk & mitigation strategies.
●Utilize a strong understanding of software development methodologies when developing project plans.
●Project Estimation, resource allocation, monitoring resource usage and Change Requests.
●Track metrics like BAC, EV, PV, AC, CPI, SPI, SV, and CV.

Accenture Sep 2009 – Jun 2014
Client : COOPER TIRE & RUBBER Sep 2012 - Jun 2014
Project Manager
Worked as Project and Program Management Office and provided guidance to all the projects from the initiation phase to Stabilization phase.
●Generated the critical check report based on the key critical metrics parameters. This report was shared with the leadership every week for further action.
●Provided PMO support for corporate projects and PMO process establishment.
●Implementation and execution of change management during conversions and implementations.
●Utilize a strong understanding of software development methodologies like waterfall model when developing project plans and track relevant metrics. Good understanding of agile methodology.
● Escalated start-up issues to avoid surprise escalations. Have provided support to the projects in terms of metrics and status reporting.
●Responsible for budgeting, forecasting and maintaining gross margin
●Ensure implementation of quality processes in projects for timely and quality delivery product
●Managing various projects under engagements like Application Development, Application Maintenance
● Team size is 30 FTE (Onsite + Offshore) which is increasing Quarter over Quarter
●Managing various client with revenue size of $40mn

Client: Sekisui chemicals Aug 2009 - May 2012
Project manager
●Support project for Sekisui Chemicals, Japan and primarily responsible for rolling out of SAP SD module. As a PM for SAP SD module, primary goals were
●Develop milestones and detailed task level plans, including assigning resources and level of effort
●Maintain concurrent project plans and facilitate project status meetings
●Create and track status reports and client presentations using Microsoft products
●Develop documents like issues log, and risk & mitigation strategies
●Utilize a strong understanding of software development methodologies when developing project plans and track relevant metrics
●Mentoring SD consultants and SPOC for client requirements gatherings and escalations
●Customize Sales Orders, creation of new document type.
●Provide support on incidents after the rollout. The incident was managed using ITSM/BMC remedy tools.
●Increased first call resolution from 75% to 86%.
●Reduced support costs by developing new workflows and support processes.
●Oversaw 100% compliance of meeting SLA's and KPI's in accordance with master services

Tata Technologies - (Tata Consultancy Services) Aug 2000 - May-2009
SAP Career Profile
Client: Maersk - AP-Moller –Global Trade shipping and Energy
Project leader for a team of 25 members. Gathering Business Information and doing feasibility study.
● Played a key role in the realization stage by configuring sales area, pricing procedures etc. Finalizing the requirements and mapping them into SAP.
● Configuring the functionalities and testing the Sales Cycle in Development.
●Handled all the support related issues and configured new requirements.
●Organizing meetings and getting new requirements by interacting with the users.
●Issues related to data management which included uploading of mass data using LSMW.
●Providing support and analyzing user issues make recommendations and implement solutions in time.
●Single Point of contact between the Business Process Owner (Power Users) and onsite team.
● Preparing Functional Specs for Reports. Preparing test case and master data upload.
● Provide support on incidents after the rollout. The incident was managed using BMC remedy tools.
●Performed quality evaluations of Help Desk services and designed programs for continuous service improvement.
●Increased first call resolution from 75% to 86%.

Client: Tata Motors - CVBU Domestic business
●Project is all about the full SD life cycle for the sales of spare parts for commercial vehicles. It takes care of creation of order, delivery creation, picking, single shipment, packing of spare parts, collective shipment, posting of goods issue and creation of invoice with automatic posting to accounts. The order creation is in interface with VCM (Web site provided to the dealers for order creation in SAP) and CRM. All the validations are at SAP end and most of them were done through customizing. The concept of Warehouse management was introduced for picking of spare parts.

Client: Tata Motors - CVBU International business
●The sale of the spare parts of commercial vehicles to the international market was possible after this implementation. The dealers can place orders through CRM and the rest of the processing of the order was done in SAP. All the standard reports were made available to the TML users and in addition to that, reports that give the status of the back orders were displayed to the dealers on the front end.

Non-SAP (ASP, Java, Oracle, pro*C, etc.) Career Profile
Client: Merrill lynch (United Kingdom) - Stock management project
●This project was a maintenance project for managing the stocks and derivatives of the company. Worked at a client location in the UK.
●Worked as onsite coordinator and captured the requirement from the client.
●Creating packages and procedures to extract the data from the data warehouse and display it on the web. Done testing and deployment.

Client: GE Plastics (Netherlands) - My Territory.com
●Designing of database and capturing the client requirement. Worked at Client location Netherland (for GE Plastics).
●Project was specially designed to display the daily sales information of GE plastics to the users. The system is basically report based and displays all the information regarding the sales like new orders, modified/cancel orders etc.

Client: Tata Motors - 360 Appraisal Systems
●This system was developed for filling of the appraisal forms for the employees. This system was developed using ASP and Oracle 8x technologies. Worked as project lead

Client: Tata Motors- Medical Claim System.
●The medical system facilitates claim entry and the further processing of the same. This system was developed using ASP technology. Worked as project lead.

Client: Tata Motors – bureau of hire and Purchase of vehicles
● The portal is the front end for the dealers to place the order for the spare parts. The rest of the processing of the order is done in SAP. This system gives the dealer the information about his pending orders in the form of report and query.
●Different queries were developed in the system as per the client requirement. Was a team member for Tata motors vehicle finance project
●Played a key role in maintenance on UNIX operating system, Oracle database and proc*C.
●Maintenance, User requirement study, and design of forms/reports in ASP for Tata Motors client.
●Requirement study for the Development of new BHPC system on web using Java.

Education:
● Masters in Science from University of Bombay – 1997
● Bachelors in Science University of Bombay – 1995
Contact this candidate