ANDREW E. SMITH, PMP
Phoenix, AZ ***** • 480-***-**** • ad4vt5@r.postjobfree.com

SERVICE DELIVERY, DIRECTOR SR. IT PROJECT MANAGER

A technical leadership professional who incorporates fact-based, detail-driven discipline to solve complex, multifaceted problems within the constraints of a project schedule and budget. Skilled at providing innovative and technology-based solutions for high demand applications. Provides vision and strategies to transform concepts into realties by relying on empirical evidence to make decisions, interpreting real-time site data and adjusting systems and cost controls depending on changing field conditions. Skilled at overseeing small and large projects and requirements, comfortable with the responsibility of creating the conceptual design, providing direction for the design implementation, system analysis and completed testing of the objective requirements. Applies a collaborative approach to research management that includes team leadership, project budgeting, strategic partnerships and process optimization. Directs the financial and technical aspects of project development. Leads teams through challenging projects.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Budgeting - Cost Containment - Critical Path Method (CPM) - Quality Assurance - Technical Process Support
Team Building - Construction Management - Root-Cause Analysis - Vendor/Contractor Management – Contract Vehicles, IDIQ, JOC, TOK, Design-Build, Cost Plus, Fixed Fee - Software Implementation - Design Build – Scope Management – Federal Acquisitions Regulations (FAR) – Procurement - Oracle P6 & Microsoft Project - Proposal Writing - Specification Documentation - Submittals and RFIs – Contract Negotiations – ERP – JDE – Sage – Viewpoint – D+C – etc.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport 2022-2023
SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (Contract)
Aviation Technology Division
Working manager who directs operational aspects of new and ongoing projects. Served as a liaison between PMO and Management. Responsibilities in Planning, managing the projects and project teams, talent acquisition, forecasting, budget management, Status reporting, creating and maintaining schedules, and overseeing procurement. Customer satisfaction is a high priority and rapidly resolving issues with problem solving, while utilizing creative successful initiatives is a trademark. Controls and observes project progress while working with project managers to satisfy clients and stakeholders. Responsible for a team of project managers, business analysts, and project coordinators, as an extension of the Phoenix Aviation Technology Division.

Uses experience and a common-sense approach to manage a PMO that delivers complex projects which range from 500K to 80MM, while navigating the intricacies of a complex public sector environment.
Capitalizes on past experience for budget and forecast management for City of Phoenix, Aviation Department’s PMO run projects.
Created OPA’s for the PMO and enhanced an employee personal development program keeping staff motivated while enhancing skills and furthering their career goals and success.
Inherited a disjointed structure and developed a project management methodology (PMM) allowing the PMO to standardize all projects while producing the same deliverables, and reporting results in a like fashion. This allowed management to process and receive project data in identical ways consistently.
Enhances and improves relationships with client business leads and representatives.
Develops business plans, contracts, agreements, and LOA’s for projects of all magnitudes.

ANDREW E. SMITH, PMP
PAGE 2 • 480-***-**** • ad4vt5@r.postjobfree.com

ProjStream, LLC., Lake Mary, FLA 2018 - 2022
SENIOR CONSULTANT
Provided software implementation and process improvement support to new clients. Projects involved service and project estimates, EVMS system descriptions, budgets and scheduling related to Federal Government service & construction contracts. Created and oversight of internal adoption of a new Implementation Methodology, including standardization of process and risk mitigation. Oversaw development of a new SOW (Statement of Work) Process. Lead client teams through job tracking and EVMS initiatives. Coordinate & lead client project teams in the implementation process by performing BPR (Business Process Review), Business Process Mapping, Design & Configuration, Closure of Sales, Train the Trainer and End User Training, End User Support.
Performed implementations of BOEMax and MAXTeam software for multiple large Government Contractors, complete with integrations to P6, MS Project and ERP systems, resulting in increased security, efficiency, and transparency from the previous practices and systems.
Sole customer facing implementor, maintaining communications and a 100% success rate for customer satisfaction.
Drove completion of projects under budgets and on time by employing industry standard Project Management practices, utilizing best-in-class management systems to ensure clear communication of client requirements and deliverables.
Troubleshooting and support for all clients through ZenDesk.

InEight/Hard Dollar Corporation, Scottsdale, AZ 2012 – 2018
DIRECTOR, SERVICES EXECUTION
Provided consultative support to clients on software use. Projects involved service and project estimates, budgets and scheduling related to engineering, construction, and renovation of existing infrastructure. Minimized risk exposure with oversight of key metrics while performing project portfolio and cost analysis, leading to significant business process improvements. Directed a team of seven remote implementation consultants, managing 15 concurrent projects, ranging from $500,000 - $12 million in value. Clients served were fortune 50 companies in engineering, construction, procurement, energy, government and mining industries.
Advanced the implementation of HD PCM for integration and deployment on over 40 projects, resulting in a 37% increase in efficiency and transparency from the previous legacy system.
Sustained over 95% (company baseline) for customer satisfaction.
Spearhead completion of projects (95%) on time and within budgets by synchronizing technical software management systems (HD, Primavera, ERPs, CPI, SPI), ensuring clear communication of client requirements and deliverables.
Implemented and configured designed standardized solutions, including custom interfaces and outputs, to overcome disparate systems and internal practices for a billion-dollar construction contractor.
Within a year client realized: win-rate increase to 32% (net gain of 27%), 16% savings on staff man-hours, 10% increase in profits, and, a gain of 15% in the ability to complete jobs ahead of schedule. As a result, InEight realized: annual sales of $150,000 for client training, additional software seats valued at $750,000 annually, and, sale of $2.7 million in mobility products, with $675,000 in annual licenses.

ANDREW E. SMITH, PMP
PAGE 3 • 480-***-**** • ad4vt5@r.postjobfree.com

Katmai Support Services, Anchorage, AK 2008 – 2012
SR. PROJECT MANAGER
Managed the full scope of project execution through initiatives in training, implementing best practices in scheduling, establishing minimum schedule quality standards and assurance controls, and assessing project risk. Led a team of 14 in completing over 15 projects with an average budget of $22 million, while using up to 50 contractors. Talent acquisition responsibility, successfully building and growing a team from scratch.
Sustained 100% (company baseline) for customer satisfaction.
Leveraged a technical expertise to create a complex resource/role loaded Integrated Master Programs and Schedules from global world view down to individual task level.
Enhanced employee development by designing/delivering presentations (audience size up to 40) on Work Breakdown Structures (WBSs), Organizational Breakdown Structure (OBS), Basis of Estimates (BOEs), resource loading, Performance Measurement Baseline (PMB), change controls, work authorization, collection, Estimates at Completion (EACs).
Assumed control over a $22 million contract that was non-producing and turned it over at a 42% margin. Secured $40 million in additional work.
Shortened the decision-making process by 75% by developing planning options for federal governmental agencies to better achieve key strategic initiatives through unified integrated schedules.

Rycon Construction Inc., Pittsburgh, PA 2007 - 2008
PROJECT MANAGER, BUILDING GROUP
Delivered efficiency and maintain industry competitiveness by defining technical project plans and roadmaps to achieving goals through implementing process controls and developing technical guide books while leading a team of up to 100 in executing projects valued up to $7 million.
Sustained customer satisfaction 100%.
Improved delivery by identifying roadblocks and designing solutions while managing projects, successfully readjusting accordingly based on investigations and progress evaluations to meet aggressive deadlines, built reputation for turning projects over early.
Determined the best usage of resources to support with future business requirements considering budgetary restrictions with strategic scenario planning for upgrades.
Increased the utilization (25-26%) at sites expecting significant growth over a short period of time with vendor options to optimize the results.

Advanced Construction Services, Pittsburg, PA PROJECT MANAGER
Lytle Construction Services, Pittsburg, PA PROJECT EXECUTIVE

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

Bachelor of Science, Liberal Arts Mansfield University Mansfield, PA

Associates Degree: Building Construction Estimating/Supervision CCAC, Pittsburgh, PA
Project Management Professional (PMP) #1337305 Project Management Institute (PMI)
Army Corps of Engineers QCM for Contractors Training/Certificate
Six Sigma Certification White Belt
OSHA 10 Certification

ANDREW E. SMITH, PMP
PAGE 4 • 480-***-**** • ad4vt5@r.postjobfree.com

PROJECT COST MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE CLIENTS
L3 (multiple locations), Oceaneering (multiple locations), Dyncorp International (logistics, Alliance, TX) ExxonMobil,(Global STO), Kiewit (North America & Hawaii), Transfield (Australia), Tetra Tech (Phoenix), AECON Group (Multiple locations across Canada), AMC Mining (Saskatchewan Canada), Al Nasr Constructors LLC (Abu Dhabi UAE), Conconcreto (Medellin Columbia), Cotemar (Mexico), Carza (Mexico), Systems Contractors (US), Consultec (Canada), Lexicon (US), Power Line Solutions (US), Dodsal Engineering (Dubai UAE), Raytheon (US), ETC.

GOVERNMENT AND INSTITUTIONAL CONSTRUCTION CLIENTS
Phoenix Aviation Department Technology Division, D.O.D, United States Army Corps of Engineers, Bay Area Office, Baltimore District, United States Army Corps of Engineers, DC IPO, Baltimore District, Walter Reed Army Medical Center (multiple contracts), United States Postal Service, Carnegie Mellon University – Pittsburgh, PA, RMS Lifeline Dialysis Centers – Multiple States/Locations, South Fayette High School- South Fayette Twp, PA, Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust – Multiple States/locations, Cannon McMillan High School – Canonsburg, PA, Peters Township High School – Peters Twp, PA, Wilkins Primary School – Pittsburgh, PA, Oceaneering LLC-Maryland, L3 Harris-Texas, Raytheon-multiple locations, Dyn-corp Int-Texas, PARC-California

RETAIL CONSTRUCTION CLIENTS
Dick’s Sporting Goods, KOHLS Department Stores, PREIT, Red Robin Restaurants, Lord and Taylor Department Store, Barnes & Noble book stores, Sheetz convenience stores, Italian Oven Café, GetGo convenience stores by Giant Eagle, Cosi Coffee & Sandwich Bar, Eyeglass Express, Oakland Real Estate, Au Bon Pain Restaurants, Disney Store, Dollar Tree
Contact this candidate