JOHN MURRAY
Weddington, North Carolina *****
847-***-****
ad4xpo@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/john-murray-0649367

BACKGROUND SUMMARY

Professional with extensive experience in diverse information technology and communication environments. Strong track record of leading global, cross-functional teams to develop solutions aligned with strategic business objectives. Recognized for change management and collaboration skills that contribute to successful project completions within budget. Expertise in:

Six Sigma Project Management
Team Leadership Regulatory Compliance
Adult Education Stakeholder Management
Infrastructure Management Process Improvement

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ProKatchers – Suwanee, GA. 4/1/2020 – 12/21/23

Senior Project Manager, Astellas Pharmaceutical - Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures.
LAN / WAN Implementations and Decommissions including:
Managed 3rd party data circuit providers with multi-year SDWAN lifecycles from implementation to decommissioning
Improved CMDB accuracy for network CI’s by 18%
Ensured cybersecurity standards were met or exceeded for new circuit and firewall installations
Designed and managed user acceptance testing facilitating BAU turnover
Managed budgets for multiple projects ranging from $300,000 to $2,000,000
Created and presented weekly project status updates to SteerCo

Server, Print, Desktop, and Mobility projects including:
OnPrem and clous based server implementations and migration
Laptop procurement, SCCM package builds, End user acceptance
Managed the rollout of over a 1000 mobility devices
Xerox MFD implementations and Follow Me Print server builds
Copier contract terminations and device removal / site management & COI approvals

Conferencing projects including:
Requirements gathering through turn over to support acceptance
MS Teams resource user creation, license acquisitions, and I.P. address management
Budget management for greater than1.5 million dollar installations
Third party vendor management

Swoon Group - Chicago, IL 12/2018 – 1/15/2020

Infrastructure Project Manager, Tenneco / Dr1V
Server projects including:
Delivered the design and build of a new SCCM environment for the newly created DR1V organization, on time and within budget. Managed all financials, resources, and deliverables.
Migrated over six thousand workstation and server clients as well as distribution points from two organizations into the new SCCM hierarchy.
Managed the consolidation project for two remaining businesses SCCM environments
Managed a global project to upgrade greater than ten thousand Windows 7 workstations to Windows 10.
Reporting on all scheduling, project plans, risks, milestones, and financials via Planview Enterprise.

HONEYWELL - Honeywell Analytics (formerly Zellweger Analytics), Lincolnshire, IL 10/2000 – 6/2018

Project Manager Lead / Lean Six Sigma Black Belt
Core team member for Azure optimization project, identified pure waste, optimization and automation opportunities achieving an annual cost reduction of $1,500,000.
Black Belt Mentor to leadership teams, facilitating Value Stream Mapping exercises to standardize processes for software intake and implementation.
Managed technical projects ranging from infrastructure to IIOT, delivering exceptionally documented, on schedule results with repeatable processes using both waterfall and agile methodologies.
Led project for consolidation and transition of network infrastructure services, coordinating documentation, storage capacity and equipment to ensure consistent practices and generating significant cost savings.
Served as Lincolnshire and San Jose sites IT compliance expert, created the management operating system which resulted in successful audit findings and remains the current standard.
NA infrastructure lead for $4,800,000 acquisition of Xtralis Corporation. Managed the transition to Honeywell services for desktop, server infrastructure, telecom, and application standardization.

IT Infrastructure Leader, Analytics and RAE Systems toxic and flammable gas detection sites
Site IT leader responsible for audit and compliance effectiveness related to technical systems and computer management
Achieved the first effective rating in a compliance audit for a Honeywell business acquisition prior to day 2 activity
Authored the disaster recovery plan that Honeywell Analytics and RAE Systems currently employ
North America Infrastructure Leader for the profitable RAE Systems integration, a $340,000,000 global company
Responsible for currency on emerging technologies and evaluation of cost / benefit ratio to help key stakeholders with purchasing and decision making

IT Lead

Managed the successful $25,000,000 Fire Sentry integration and rooftop consolidation
North American Lead for $1,400,000,00 Sperian Safety Equipment U.S. sites integration
Surpassed 99.3% uptime requirement for Lincolnshire production data network
Managed PBX and voicemail communication systems
Led installation and upgrades of Honeywell wireless network
Certified as a Six Sigma Black Belt, achieving recurring annual savings of $250,000 while reducing risk to the business through a new and innovative support model
Instructed, mentored, and certified over 50 Green Belt and DFSS candidates

EDUCATION

BS, Business Management, University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ

CERTIFICATIONS AWARDS
Lean Six Sigma Blackbelt ● Certified Scrum Master
Certified Scrum Master ● Microsoft Office and Microsoft Project Certified
ITIL Certified ● Certified Internal Quality Auditor

COMMUNITY
Car Ministry, Indian Trail, N.C.
Contact this candidate