James R. Wilmott
***** * ******* **,
Kellyville, OK 74039,
Phone: 918-***-****
Email: ad511a@r.postjobfree.com

SKILLS:
Hardware: IBM, Dell, HP, Apple, Gateway, Sony, Toshiba, Acer, Compaq, Notebooks and desktops. HP, Epson, Roland, Okidata Printers, Virtual ServersVMWare and Hyper-V. Tape backups, EMC/Avamar backup system, Backup Exec, Cisco, HP, Sonic Wall, Extreme, routers and switches both layer 2 and layer 3. Cat5, 5e and 6 cabling, fiber optic, multi mode and single mode. Audio Video system, Security cameras, RFID, Card readers.
Platforms: AS 400, Windows server 2008 R2, 2012 R2, 2016, 2019, 2022 Novell, Unix, Linux, Workstations, Windows 10, 11, Linux, Mac, also Android, win 6.5 and 7, VMware, Hyper-V.
Software Supported: Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, FrontPage, Access, Outlook, Project, Publisher, Visio, Communicator, Groove) Adobe, Corel, Rediker, Municipal Accounting software, Scada, Petra, Inertia, Goldmine, QuoteWorks, Landesk, Zenworks, SolidWorks, ManMan, Navision, Citrix, as well as internally created software, UAG/TMG, EMC/Avamar Backup, Backup Exec, Lync, FiServe, ShoreTel,
Databases: MS SQL 2008 R2, 2010, Pervasive SQL, MS Access.
Cloud-based: Google Cloud, Azure, AWS
Auditing: Familiarity of the requirements to meet the needs for accountability and control required by the Sarbanes Oxley act and the relationship with COBIT as an acceptable control framework standard recognized by the SEC
Management Skills: Team Building, Budget planning and Management Project planning and Management, Workflow management,

EXPERIENCE

Harbor Freight 05/2023 to Present
Logistics Supervisor
Optimized storage solutions within the warehouse to maximize space utilization while maintaining organization standards.
Directed team members during peak periods using effective communication strategies to ensure smooth operations under high-pressure situations.
Implemented safety protocols to minimize workplace accidents, ensuring a secure work environment for all employees.
Successfully managed Logistics Operations to ensure timely receipt and stocking of goods to ensure availability to customers.
Open/ Close store Prepared registers for opening/counted down registers for closing.
Count safe to maintain proper operating capitol.
Perform all Duties of Manager on Duty.
Provide Excellent customer experience.
Performed other Management duties as needed.
Prepared bank deposits and handled business sales, returns, and transaction reports.

JRW Technologies 2/2023 to Present
Owner
Owner and Primary Technician serving a wide variety of Businesses and addressing their technology needs in a variety of environments and disciplines.
Developed and maintained strong relationships with clients, resulting in repeat business and referrals.
Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions.
Monitored market conditions to set accurate product pricing and take advantage of emerging trends.

Coweta Public Schools 7/2021 to 2/2023
Network Administrator
Maintain Network consisting of 8 locations. Maintain, Troubleshoot, and repair all aspects of network including routers, switches, servers, wireless, and video systems. Support backups, User Accounts in AD, Azure, and Google. Also Planning, expansion and upgrading of all aspects of network
Installed, configured and supported local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN) and Internet system.
Performed day-to-day LAN and WAN administration, maintenance, and support.
Identified and immediately resolved issues with network devices.
Assisted IT staff on troubleshooting issues and closing calls.
Improved network efficiency by implementing and managing system updates and patches.
Maintained network hardware and software and monitored network to support network availability to end users.
Enhanced network security through installation, monitoring, and maintenance of firewalls and antivirus software.
Reduced downtime with proactive identification and resolution of IT issues.
Deployed virtualization technologies to consolidate resources effectively and reduce overhead expenses associated with physical hardware management.
Verified continuity of computer and telephone system services for users..
Established comprehensive network documentation to facilitate rapid issue resolution when troubleshooting problems.
Spearheaded infrastructure projects from inception to completion, ensuring timely delivery within budget constraints.
Consulted with management to determine scope and priorities of projects and to discuss system capacity and equipment acquisitions.
Managed vendor relationships to negotiate favorable contracts for hardware procurement while maintaining budgetary requirements.
Maintained flexible schedule and responded to after-hours and weekend emergencies.
Implemented and maintained virtual private networks.

Televon, Inc 5/2019 to 3/2020
Senior Landline and Data Specialist

Review and update client Information and On-site Audit information to maintain accurate records and make recommendations based on budget and needs.
Assisted clients with finding resolution in problem areas and making recommendations based on the client's needs and future growth projections.
Assist client with the creation of RFP's including specific requirements, and managed bidding process to ensure the bids accurately reflect these requirements. This included working with vendors and addressing questions that vendors may have, reviewing offered alternatives, and if alternatives are approved ensuring that all bidders are updated.
Analyze RFP responses and make recommendations to client based on cost and service offered. This included presenting cost, differences in products offered, and guidance in how each fit with future growth projections, ROI, and projected EOL.
Analyze client software licensing and make recommendations on licensing management and savings opportunities with audit of unused licenses.
Oversee implementation and management of approved Projects through completion.
Installed, configured and supported local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN) and Internet system.
Performed day-to-day LAN and WAN administration, maintenance, and support.
Identified and immediately resolved issues with network devices.
Assisted IT staff on troubleshooting issues and closing calls.
Improved network efficiency by implementing and managing system updates and patches.
Maintained network hardware and software and monitored network to support network availability to end users.
Enhanced network security through installation, monitoring, and maintenance of firewalls and antivirus software.
Reduced downtime with proactive identification and resolution of IT issues.
Deployed virtualization technologies to consolidate resources effectively and reduce overhead expenses associated with physical hardware management.
Verified continuity of computer and telephone system services for users..
Established comprehensive network documentation to facilitate rapid issue resolution when troubleshooting problems.
Spearheaded infrastructure projects from inception to completion, ensuring timely delivery within budget constraints.
Consulted with management to determine scope and priorities of projects and to discuss system capacity and equipment acquisitions.
Managed vendor relationships to negotiate favorable contracts for hardware procurement while maintaining budgetary requirements.
Maintained flexible schedule and responded to after-hours and weekend emergencies.
Implemented and maintained virtual private networks.


Tulsa Zoo Management, Inc 10/2015 to 6/2019
I.T. Manager
Responsible for new system Recommendation, development and implementation, and current system enhancements and improvements.
Review, evaluate, and develop proposals for new hardware, software, security measures and/or upgrades, as appropriate. Plan and coordinate the analysis, design, programming, timely implementation, and testing of applications projects.
Manage the development, implementation, installation, and operation of information systems for the organization.
Responsible for working with scientific and administrative staff to determine future institutional IS needs, propose alternatives for meeting needs, and to develop and implement transition plans from current to future state.
Serve as the internal expert and administrator for all company management information systems.
Provide support and assistance to department directors and managers in setting up tickets, events, programs, coupons, etc. within systems to meet the zoo's business goals.
Manage the work order / issue response process for all end user software and hardware support.
Ensure rapid response to end users and quick resolution of issues. Provides the highest level of service to internal customers.
Administer the work order database for all departments.
Work closely with the Marketing and Public Relations department in technical areas, oversees the design and architecture of the zoo website and all online assets, including applications.
Act as the technical advisor and manage all projects relating to the zoo's online presence.
Develop, implement and manage reporting from management information systems, providing key information to management on system data and business statistics.
Act as advisor to VP of Finance and Administration on key performance indicators at the department and enterprise level.
Manage the enterprise telephone system. Make recommendations for upgrades or changes in technology and managed all projects related to the zoo's phone system.
Manage the I.T. operating budget and related projects. Monitor costs and manage expenses within allotted budgets.
Negotiate contracts with consultants, technical personnel, and vendors for services and products.
Provide support to end users in the selection, procurement, usage, and maint
Provide support and assistance to department directors and managers in setting up tickets, events, programs, coupons, etc
Within systems to meet the zoo's business goals
Manage the work order / issue response process for all end user software and hardware support
Ensure rapid response to end users and quick resolution of issues
Provides the highest level of service to internal customers
Administer the work order database for all departments
Work closely with the Marketing and Public Relations department in technical areas, oversees the design and architecture of the zoo website and all online assets, including applications
Act as the technical advisor and manage all projects relating to the zoo's online presence
Develop, implement and manage reporting from management information systems, providing key information to management on system data and business statistics
Develops and maintains disaster recovery plans related to company systems and data.
Developed custom IT solutions to address specific business needs, driving operational improvements and cost savings.
Collaborated with other departments to help meet IT needs and properly integrate and secure systems.
Reduced downtime by promptly addressing hardware and software issues, ensuring minimal impact on business operations.
Managed vendor relationships for hardware, software, and services procurement, ensuring quality products at competitive prices.
Coordinated IT operations activities to deliver smooth flow of daily business needs.
Managed network and system performance, conducting troubleshooting, security patching, and maintenance.
Contributed to the successful completion of numerous high-profile projects by providing expert guidance on technology strategy, infrastructure design, and implementation best practices.
Oversaw daily performance of computer systems and immediately responded to issues to keep network up and running.

Contractor / J.R. Wilmott 3/2015 to 8/2015
Contractor / Infrastructure Manager
Direct and coordinate development of the company Infrastructure including security strategies and implementation and creating operational policies and procedures.
Perform as Lead on all systems additions and upgrades, including reviewing proposals, managing project installations and providing day-to-day support to staff. Oversaw network and server hardware and software selection, implementation and support.
Merge two dissimilar networks each with field offices, resulting from a company merger. Oversee data communications with field offices located in Oklahoma and Texas.

Ametek Oil and Gas/ Chandler Engineering /2014 to 3/2015
I.T. Manager/Network Engineer (International)
Direct I.T. Department of Ametek Oil and Gas Branch with offices in Tulsa OK, Albany, NY., Houston, TX., Shildon, England, and Vienna, Austria.
Oversee operations and upgrades to all location's networks.
Responsible for new system Recommendation, development and implementation, and current system enhancements and improvements.
Review, evaluate, and develop proposals for new hardware, software, security measures and/or upgrades, as appropriate.
Plan and coordinate the analysis, design, programming, timely implementation, and testing of applications projects.
Stay current with federal and state laws and regulations regarding data storage, security, and privacy.
Manage departments overseas to provide leadership and support to those teams.
Collaborate with our international sales team and service technicians ensuring data and voice communications as well as provide technical support to locations around the globe, maintain and collaborate with all sites and departments to identify their Technology needs or to resolve any issues with hardware, software, and communications.
Communicate with C-level and below at all locations providing information and updates in a technical or non-technical fashion as required.

Contractor / Robert Half 10/2013 to 04/2014
Project Manager / IT Manager

Manage customers' I.T. Department during upgrades and re-organization of department.
Organized a strong I.T. Department capable of working in line with the established standards required in the financial sector.
Oversee operations and design and implement Infrastructure and server modifications as well as backup and disaster recovery plans to allow the company to meet the regulatory and security requirements of NCUA as well as other requirements concerning the security and integrity of customers
sensitive information as well as those of the financial institution including all branch offices.
Evaluate and implement security programs both technical and physical to meet requirements and to test and identify deficiencies and assist in development of strategies to mitigate risks and protect customer sensitive information and systems.
Work directly with the CIO to develop operational policies and procedures.
Implemented a partial cloud-based system including Office 365 with a hybrid local/cloud-based email. Responsible for setting up Hyper-V environment to provide optimal failover.
Windows, Linux server environment.

Cimarex Energy 2011 to 10/2013
System Engineer

Perform Duties as System Engineer.
Set up and de-provision of servers in a VMWare environment. Windows, Linux
Implement UAG/TMG to provide secure remote access for employees.
Deploy security updates using SCCM Software Update Point (SUP) and Windows Server Update Service, Monitor all relevant logs for server, application, and security, for anomalies and performance issues.
Implement Avamar/EMC backup and corroborate with sites on a disaster recovery plan for our multiple sites.
Assist in planning security programs and analyzing risks for our remote locations, pumping stations and injection well sites with an emphasis on SCADA devices and video surveillance working with the Network Infrastructure and Security team to implement strategies to protect sensitive areas.
Resolved issues and escalated problems with knowledgeable support and quality service.
Resolved complex technical issues through effective problem-solving techniques and root cause analysis.
Managed multiple projects simultaneously, meeting tight deadlines while maintaining high-quality deliverables.
Assisted in the development of disaster recovery plans, ensuring minimal impact on business continuity during unforeseen events.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and deploy scalable IT solutions in alignment with business objectives.
Assisted employees with resolving network problems at remote locations.

Paradise Donuts 2008 - 20012

Owner
Manage donut franchise with 3 locations
Managed a combined team of 10 employees
Managed the hiring, inventory, bookkeeping, quality control
Performed duties when needed as baker and front end sales
Oversaw advertising and special events.
Provided exceptional customer service, addressing issues promptly to ensure customer satisfaction and repeat business.
Established strong relationships with suppliers, ensuring consistent delivery of goods and services at competitive prices.
Developed and implemented successful marketing strategies, resulting in increased brand awareness and customer base.
Kept all building areas and equipment functional and well-organized to promote business performance.

Sign-FX 2002 to 2012
Owner Signage company
Manage Business designing Signage and banners. Creating wide format signs, Banners, Store graphics, vehicle wraps and back lit and digital signage.
Served as main technician in all areas.
worked quotes and bids.
Handled day-to-day business operations.
Developed and maintained strong relationships with clients, resulting in repeat business and referrals.
Managed financial aspects of the business, including budgeting, financial reporting, and tax preparation.
Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions.

Sapulpa Public Schools 1996 to 2011
Information Technology Director/Network Engineer
Manage team supporting approximately 4500 students, 500 employees, and 2800 workstations, 38 servers, on a Wide Area Network, both wired and wireless.
Hired team based upon skill set and personality to create a team that worked seamlessly and complimented each other’s skills, allowing cross training and increasing performance.
Prepare, analyze, and act on the team’s daily performance in relation to end users, improved average ticket count achieving the lowest average to date for the district.
Conduct coaching / training for the team to achieve team goals and organize methods of motivating the team.
Manage escalation issues in PC and end user environment.
Prepare reports and presentations for upper management.
Project Management
Create a project tracking system to ensure projects started were successfully completed.
Plan and Manage Yearly Budget.
Manage bidding process to ensure competitive pricing on all equipment.
Manage purchasing and tracking of shipments to point of use.
Created goodwill between users and I.T. department through site visits and open door policies.
Addressing specific issues to ensure maximum use of technology for the teaching environment.
Work with principals and educators at each location to determine their technological needs and to better serve them and their technology needs.
Planned, designed and orchestrated a complete Novell to Microsoft conversion including the use of the latest technology in networking equipment and servers/storage, bringing the new network up alongside the old to minimize down time during the Migration.
Design network infrastructure to maximize use of IP addresses and bring all segments to maximum capability and increase manageability and security.
Evaluate, install, and maintain all software used in district.
Contact this candidate