SARAH (Sungmi) PARK
Phone Number: +1-252-***-****
Email Address: ad51c7@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Over 14 years of IT experience in the logistics industry
Strong project management skills
Excellent communication and people management skills
Analytical and logical thinking
Proficient in SQL
A strong sense of responsibility
Authorized to work in the US without sponsorship.

WORK EXPERIENCE
DHL Supply Chain (Nov 2022 – Present) South Korea
WMS Project Manager (Manhattan Associates WMS & Local WMS Project Implementations)
Ensure the successful delivery and management of multiple projects.
Budget planning & cost controlling.
Identify project deliverables in line with business objectives.
Manage project scope, schedule, and quality and communication plan.
Stakeholder management
Execute and monitor closely on SIT, User Training, UAT, Cut-over plan for successful go-live.
Project Monitoring & Control
Project Go-live & Hypercare support.

CJ Logistics Asia Pacific (Oct 2018 – Jun 2021) Singapore
WMS Project Manager
Lead global WMS project implementations across South East Asia, Europe, North America.
Analyze requirements, scope the deliverables and solution consulting to business users in line with the system capabilities.
Facilitate smooth communications among the stakeholders on project deliverables.
Manage project planning, resources, schedules, and deliverables.
Provide project implementation support/guidance and information to overseas operation teams.
Roll-out new projects with project plans with documentations.
Provide guidance and support on system implementations and operational/IT processes for supply chain solutions.
Collaborate closely with system development team to ensure smooth user training, UAT and Go-live Support.
Ensure that system solutions fulfil customer requirements and enhance the system if needed.

SIEMENS PPAL (Mar 2018 - Sep 2018) South Korea
IT System Manager
Baggage Handling System IT Support at Baggage Operation Center, Incheon Airport Terminal 2
Analyzing user requirements and delivering the solution
Monitor IT network, hardware & software systems.
Analyze the root cause of system issue and document its reports.
RCA documentation to share with stakeholders.

HYUNDAI MOVEX (Apr 2010 - Feb 2018) South Korea
IT System Developer
HMM (Hyundai Merchant Marine) system implementations and maintenances.
Develop applications providing solution consultations.

Notable Project:
Container Equipment Management System (2015 - 2018)
Container tracking EDI System management
- Requirement analysis, solution design and system development.
- Establish EDI Conversion program prototype for CODECO/COARRI.
- The collected data in a variety of ways (EDI, email, sFTP) are converted to the sources for tracing a route, analyzing stock and supply/demand status of containers in order to enable customers to find the optimized plan for their business.
- Equipment Unit Cost analyzing System based on its factors such as rental, depot, hire, maintenance and repair, repositioning, etc.

Container Stock simulation System development
- Stock simulation system that enables users to find the optimized plan and to make the most use of empty containers for their business by utilizing the information that a shipping company collects.
- Factors in forecasting data include booking prospect, regional/seasonal environment, business trend, past pattern, specific events.

Bulk Sales Management System (2010 - 2014)
LNG Spin-off Project
- Requirement analysis, solution design and system development.
- Ensure business needs in line with the system that includes contracts, charter base, profits analyzing system.

Bulk Sales Management System PI(Process Innovation) Project
Performed BSMS process innovation consulting.
- Requirement analysis and solution design in line with business requirements
- Execute System implementation, UAT, User training and go-live support

SK C&C, INC (Nov 2007, part timer) South Korea
Experience as a test engineer for Ministry of National Defense web system

EDUCATION
Sookmyung Women’s University South Korea
B.S. in Computer Science in 2010
- Undergraduate Scholarship - 2008

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Project Management Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile Methodologies
Programming Language: Java, HTML, JavaScript, SQL
Database: IBM DB2 iSeries, Oracle 12C, MS SQL

TRAINING
DB Optimization and tuning (May 2012)

CERTIFICATE
Awarded as a winner for outstanding SL Country Project Lead of the Year 2023 certified by DHL APAC (Mar 2024)
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certificate issued by PMI (Oct 2017)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Language: English Club Leader in Hyundai Movex (Mar 2014 - Nov 2014)
Completed ESL program at ELS Language Centers, Toronto, Canada (2008)
Proficient in MS Office
Contact this candidate