Chris Kelly
www.linkedin.com/in/chris-kelly-*a***06
Oak Island, NC 919-***-**** ad55la@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

People-focused, impact-oriented IT Manager with 20 years progressive leadership experience.

Accomplished in:

People Leadership
Strategy and Vision Execution
Financial Management
Stakeholder Engagement
Operational Management
Continuous Improvement
Communication

Problem Solving

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

LENDLEASE 2005 – March 2023
A leading international property and investments group with operations in Australia, Asia, Europe, and the Americas.

IT Program Manager, Communities Division (August 2020 – March 2023)

In the Americas, Lendlease Communities owns and operates 40,000 homes for Military families and 12,000 hotel rooms for the US Army. We provide the IT infrastructure to ensure these project companies are successful.

Recent Accomplishments:
Provided project management for consolidating 10 separate O365 tenants into one thus providing uniform implementation, configuration, security, pricing, and support generating yearly license savings of $150,000.
Moved from on-premises telephony to Microsoft Teams calling reducing our hardware footprint on site and reducing monthly telephony expenses.
Developed Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plans for all project companies.

Technology Experience Manager, Americas – (March 2019 – August 2020)

Ensured effective and efficient delivery of IT services to the Americas region (Communities and Construction) in a fiscally responsible way. Led steering committees and stakeholder engagement activities, serving as the "single face to the customer" for IT support services and project delivery. Proactively identified talent, created career and development opportunities for employees, and experienced high retention rate.

Accomplishments:
Managed the delivery of IT services for our NextPlace regional offices (Nashville, New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Charlotte) which comprised of leading-edge audio/visual equipment for our open concept design.
Conducted monthly Americas IT Steering Committees to ensure technology investments aligned to business strategies and priorities.
Developed a standard budget template used by all project companies that allowed for greater transparency on yearly IT spend.

End User Computing Manager, MHPI (Military Housing Privatization Initiative) Americas – (November 2011 – March 2019)

Accomplishments:
Developed the IT Roadmap that consolidated services, vendors, and support and provided a more robust and sustainable working model.

Conducted monthly meetings with project executives to define technical opportunities and worked to move them through the roadmap.
Responsible for the IT budget of more than $3.3 million.
Developed a strong relationship between Winn Companies (our vendor for asset management) and Lendlease IT thus ensuring a unified IT approach limiting Shadow IT.

Regional IT Support Analyst, MHPI Americas – (August 2010 – November 2011)

Provide end user, network and Windows Server support for the Western Region consisting of Air Force Bases located throughout the Southwest.
Worked remotely to resolve hardware and software issues and travel to sites to implement Cisco-based network infrastructure.
Replaced costly MPLS network link with local broadband provider to save Davis-Monthan and Holloman AFBs approximately $24,000 per year.

Senior Field Support Analyst/Senior Remote Support, Americas – (August 2005 – August 2010)
Appl
Provide end user support for the company’s fleet of 2,500 Windows-based PCs achieving 4.95/5.0 positive survey results based on effectiveness and time to solution.
Responsible for the infrastructure for 15 regional offices and more than 100 jobsites located throughout the United States.
Lead member of Compliance Lead Team that brought our fleet of PCs and Servers from 85% patch and security compliance to 95% exceeding our goals.
Coordinated the new IT infrastructure for the Raleigh office’s move to Durham and oversaw all IT-related construction of the new space budgeted at $250,000. Worked with multiple vendors for the installation and delivery of audio/visual components and Ethernet cabling worth nearly $80,000.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EPERIENCE

Silicon Semiconductor, Raleigh, NC – Manager, Information Systems
SharpVista, Raleigh, NC – Channel Manager and Business Development

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

North Carolina State University, Raleigh
Bachelor of Arts, Communication and Public Relations

University of Maryland, Munich Germany
General Studies

Team Leader & Facilitator, Lendlease

INSEAD Management Development Program, Lendlease

ITIL Foundations
Contact this candidate