Matthew Daly
Carmel, IN ad56h3@r.postjobfree.com +1-317-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/mattdalyND
www.mattdaly.org
EDUCATION
University of Notre Dame South Bend, IN
B.E, Computer Science Minor in French Language GPA: 3.62 Aug 2021 - Dec 2025
Coursework: Systems Programming, Theory of Computing, Database Concepts, Programming Paradigms, Linear Al
Programming Languages: C, Python, Java, Lisp, Javascript, HTML & CSS
EXPERIENCE
ADT Boca Raton, FL
IT Project Analyst Intern May 2024 – Aug 2024
Assembled funding requests, project planning diagrams, and testing environments.
Evaluated partnerships with Google and State Farm, analyzed potential strategy and outcomes.
Supported enterprise transition to ServiceNow, utilized angular JS and HTML in SCRUM team.
Total Quality Logistics Indianapolis, IN
3rd Party Logistics Account Manager Jan 2024 – May 2024
Performed cold calls and built relationships with shippers, satisfying their transportation needs.
Negotiated rates with dispatchers to get reliable and cost-effective shipment for customers.
Led tenure group in revenue, and gained valuable skillset in sales, communication, and multitasking.
Natural Language Processing for Boeing Notre Dame, IN
Engineering Industry and Community-Outreach Projects (course) Aug 2023 – Dec 2023
Communicated weekly with Boeing engineers to develop an AI to process aircraft maintenance field reports and diagnose damages.
Utilized Scrum Agile framework with sprint planning and mob programming.
Jerusalem Summer Study Abroad Jerusalem, ISRL
Tantur Ecumenical Institute, University of Notre Dame May 2023 – July 2023
Explored cultural differences and gained insight into how politics and religion play into the region.
Gained leadership and independence skills while exploring the Middle East.
GTCR Chicago, IL
Travel Team Analyst – Student International Business Council Oct 2022 – Nov 2022
Built leveraged buyout model suggesting investment in YETI outdoor equipment.
Went to the GTCR offices in Chicago and presented to their executives.
Learned financial modeling, business terminology, and answered tough questions from the GTCR team.
Gaylor Electric Indianapolis, IN
Summer Electrician Intern Jun 2022 – Aug 2022
Set up wiring, outlet panels, and temporary lighting.
Renovated the Gainbridge Fieldhouse (home of the Indianapolis Pacers).
Performed tough work (5:00 am wakeup, heavy lifting, and approaching deadlines), I had to be quick to learn the trade.
Thew’s Crew Landscaping Carmel, IN
Owner, Worker Apr 2015 – Aug 2022
Founder and owner of successful lawn care and snow removal business.
Went door to door to gather clients and received many referrals.
Practiced reliability, hard work, and professionalism (never lost a customer).
LEADERSHIP & ACTIVITIES
University of Notre Dame South Bend, IN
Club Rowing Athlete Aug 2021 – Dec 2022
Rowed for the University of Notre Dame Men’s Club Crew, 9th place at ACRA Nationals.
Bengal Bouts (Boxing club at Notre Dame) Jan 2023 - Present
Raised donations and competed in annual boxing tournament on campus.
Money goes towards education for impoverished children in Bangladesh.
CSE Service Projects South Bend, IN
Utilized computer science to serve to the local South Bend community. Aug 2023 – Dec 2023
Development SQL database and front-end site to improve Data Michiana, an interactive website providing demographic data for the Michiana region.
Helped primarily elderly people with their technology issues at the Robinson Center weekly.
oGained insight into how users view and understand applications.
INTERESTS
Chess, kayaking, and rock music (I play bass and electric guitar in a rock band at Notre Dame).
Contact this candidate