Clifford A. Brown, BRMP, ITIL
Director IT Governance & PMO NA
ad56lq@r.postjobfree.com • 860-***-****
LinkedIn • Powder Springs, GA 30127

Collaborative Leadership Strategy Project Management Change Management Vendor Management SDLC Agile CPG
I successfully drive and align IT project portfolios with business strategy to achieve results.

Signature Achievements:
Saved $9M leading integration to implement complex SAP-based finance installation.
Drove customer satisfaction up 20% through comprehensive service reviews with CIO and business SVP’s.
Raised productivity 25% spearheading cross-functional team to implement global ITIL processes and procedures.

Global IT professional with 12+ years of experience utilizing strong IT and collaboration skills working with IT leaders and managers to oversee the translation of business needs into effective IT processes and technical solutions by stimulating, shaping demand and measuring its business value. Adept at managing the relationship between IT and Operating Unit Leadership, ensuring seamless communication and successful planning and delivery of IT projects and services to the business. Recognized for exceptional leadership, strategic planning abilities, and commitment to driving business excellence through continuous process improvement and effective change management. Quickly establish and maintain productive relationships across all organizational levels, promoting environment of trust and mutual success.
Skills
●Strategic Planning & Execution
●Change Management Initiatives
●Financial Analysis & Budgeting
●Continuous Process Improvement
●Global Stakeholder Management
●Cross-Functional Collaboration
●Vendor Management & Negotiation
●Customer Relationship Building
●Performance Management
●Digital Strategy Execution
●Demand Shaping & Value Realization
●Risk Management & Compliance
Professional Experience
Agilent Technologies, Inc., Alpharetta, GA 2019 to Present
Senior IT Business Partner
As principal liaison between business and IT, spearhead the business demand process by anticipating, identifying, influencing and prioritizing business needs for IT services and technologies in assigned business areas and functions. Manage strategic relationships with IT and business partners to ensure IT plans and development efforts are aligned with business goals. Collaborate with IT leadership peers in the definition, development and maintenance of IT strategic and operational plans that support the company mission, values and business objectives.
Key Contributions:
Reduced demand intake and project delivery times 20% by revamping IT demand capture process utilizing ServiceNow.
Increased productivity 25% through implementation of database to capture and report on business applications.
Improved customer satisfaction 20% by conducting comprehensive quarterly service reviews with Chief Information Officer (CIO) and business SVP’s, analyzing key performance metrics and presenting data-driven insights.
Maintain expert knowledge of business processes, industry trends, and IT systems to better communicate IT capabilities and support IT solutions development.
Educate business stakeholders regarding IT processes, methodologies, constraints and capabilities.
Prepare capability roadmaps and develop business cases for IT projects, and manage the IT project portfolio for assigned business areas and functions.
Navigate project/program development from initiation to approval, maximizing business benefits.
Drive planning and ranking of solution requests, steering creation of strategic IT project portfolio, resulting in more streamlined and prioritized approach to IT project management, enhancing overall business productivity.
Key escalation-point in instances of IT process failures and misalignment between IT and business objectives, resolving conflicts and discrepancies, which maintained project momentum and ensured alignment with strategic objectives.
Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, Atlanta, GA 2013 to 2019
Manager IT BRM & PMO
Directed strategic and operational leadership of business relationship management and project management functions, delivering superior IT services and support, which enhanced team performance and service quality. Provided CIO and business stakeholders with accurate updates, enhancing organizational transparency and informed decision-making. Delivered expert IT consultation to business leaders, catalyzing development of strategic and innovative technological solutions that exceeded business needs.
Clifford A. Brown Page 2
Professional Experience Continued
Key Contributions:
Increased team productivity 20% through revitalization of BRM, PMO function and IT governance model.
Raised customer satisfaction scores 6% through execution of IT voice of customer survey and continuous improvements.
2018 President’s Constellation Award for innovative contributions in Public Affairs Dashboard/Social Media Sentiment Analysis project.
Directed planning and delivery of IT projects and services to the business and managed the relationship between IT and the Operating Unit leadership. Directed business demand process by anticipating, identifying, influencing, and prioritizing business needs for IT services and technologies.
Managed department budget, annual performance management and merit processes for direct reports. Coached and developed team members and fostered a work environment where team members are engaged and feel a positive sense of achievement. Collaborated with HR regarding relations, compensation, and all other HR responsibilities.
Conducted regular governance meetings with business leadership to review IT initiatives and ensure clear communication of business demand and service delivery capabilities.
Proactively identified project risks and issues, helped determine necessary escalation, mitigation, and resolution steps.
Developed technology roadmaps aligned with firm's strategies, effectively balancing multiple projects and priorities.
Led creation of three-year IT strategy with executive engagement, advancing organization's technological growth and alignment with business goals.
GE Power (Formerly Alstom Power), Windsor, CT 2008 to 2012
IT Client Delivery Manager
Led transformation of inward-facing, reactive IT team into proactive, customer-centric unit, improving alignment with strategic business goals and enhancing team responsiveness. Primary liaison between business and IT departments, evaluating IT system performance to achieve marked increase in productivity, efficiency, and strict adherence to service level agreements. Conducted and responded to internal and external audits, ensuring stringent compliance with processes and procedures, and earning Bravo Award nomination for exemplary customer service delivery and process adherence.
Key Contributions:
Administered $15M-$20M IT budget with precision, delivering insightful forecasts and justifications, leading to increased financial transparency for stakeholders.
Drove production efficiency up 20% and improved customer satisfaction by orchestrating comprehensive strategy for rollout of customer fulfillment request tool.
Directed problem management and root cause analysis that resulted in mitigating recurring issues and reducing downtime and service disruptions by 25%.
Engaged in strategic collaboration with executives, streamlining processes and implementing cost reduction strategies, resulting in 25% increase in operational efficiencies and 15% cost savings.
Additional Experience
Allied Domecq Spirits & Wine, Westport, CT - IT Service Delivery Manager (California Wine Business)
Pfizer Incorporated, Groton, CT - IT Business Relationship Manager
Education
Bachelor of Science in Business Economics, Concentration: Management Information Systems
Southern Connecticut State University, New Haven, CT
Certifications
BRMP (Business Relationship Management Professional) ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) PMI (Project Management Institute) Coursework/PMBOK Six-Sigma Basics Leading with Emotional Intelligence Situational Leadership
Professional Affiliations
Business Relationship Management Institute (BRMI) - Founding Member (2014 – present)
NIT Economic Development Regulatory Commission – Vice Chair (2009 – 2019)
Key Human Services – Board Member (2010 – 2013)
Contact this candidate