*
JEREMY A. RAMBARRAN
917-***-**** ad58nf@r.postjobfree.com
Experienced IT Network Manager
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
• Leadership skills
• Oral and written communications
• Time Management
• Analytical skills
• Organizational skills
• Documentation skills
TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Networking / Security: TCP/IP, LAN/WAN, DNS/DHCP, IP Addressing, Network Configuration, Anti-Virus Implementation, LDAP, Security Policy and Group Policy, Wireshark and NMAP, VmWare VCenter, Citrix.
● Cloud Computing: Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, G-Suite
● Software / Systems: MS Office 365/2019, Active Directory Users and Computers, Symantec/ KACE SMA, eClinicalWorks, OPAL-RAD & Accuvue, Dartfish and F-Scan/Strideway Clinical systems.
● Hardware: PC Repair, Maintenance and Upgrades, Cisco Catalyst switches, Wiring, End-user devices, Smart Technologies, and various medical equipment.
● Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows Server 2019/2016/2012, Windows 10, Kali Linux OS. EXPERIENCE
LearningMate Princeton, NJ
Subject Matter Expert – Cyber Security June 2022 – Present CUNY – School of Professional Studies New York, NY Adjunct Faculty – Information Systems January 2022 – Present St. Johns University New York, NY
Adjunct Faculty – Computer Science December 2021 – Present Touro University New York, NY
Adjunct Faculty – Information Systems, Data Analytics, Cybersecurity January 2021 – Present New York College of Podiatric Medicine / Foot Center of New York New York, NY IT Manager – Cloud Solutions Manager Nov. 2017 – Present
● Manage information technology and computer systems.
● Plan, organize, control and evaluate IT and electronic data operations.
● Design, develop, implement and coordinate systems, policies and procedures.
● Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems, audit systems and assess their outcomes.
● Act in alignment with user needs and system functionality to contribute to organizational policy.
● Identify problematic areas and implement strategic solutions in a timely manner.
● Preserve assets, information security and control structures. IT Support Specialist May 2015 –Nov. 2017
2
● Create and Manage IT Projects, Report technical issues to the Chief Information Officer.
● Oversee all IT Operations within the Podiatry clinic and resolve any conflict or issue.
● Provide 1st and 2nd level support to 500+ end-users, assist users on various Clinical applications.
● Use Active Directory to add new users and reset passwords.
● Deploy over 200 Workstations in a college and medical environment.
● Perform desktop updates, patches, hardware and software updates, manage all Hardware and Software Assets.
● Use Windows PowerShell to create/run scripts for various tasks.
● Contact vendors for 3rd level support for EMR, Medical Imaging and Clinical systems. Desktop Support Technician I Aug. 2014 – May 2015
● Provided Desktop Support to end-users, prepared Laptops for use in instructional settings.
● Troubleshot workstations in a PC and MAC environment, Xerox and LaserJet printers, and iPads.
● Used Track-It! Ticketing System to manage, distribute and service incoming tickets.
● Setup, configured and deployed new workstations for current and new users.
● Performed Data Backups for Windows Migration.
● Assisted in setting up email accounts and Wi-Fi connections on mobile devices.
● Maintained documentation and inventory of IT hardware and software assets. New York City College of Technology - Instructional Technology and Enhancement Center (iTEC) College Assistant Jan. 2013 - 2020
Junior System Administrator / Intern Hillcrest High School June 2013 – Sep. 2013
● Project: Renovating a Computer Lab
Computer Lab Assistant New York City College of Technology Sep. 2009 – Apr. 2012 PC Support Technician Hillcrest High School Sep. 2007 – June 2008 EDUCATION & TRAINING
NYS Advanced Project Management Certificate – Touro College Present Master of Science – Information Systems – Network Administration and Security Touro College Graduate School of Technology New York, NY Sept. 2019 Bachelor of Technology – Computer Systems
CUNY - City College of Technology – CUNY Brooklyn, NY Jan. 2014
• Dean’s List 2012-2013
Digital Forensics Basics -- Department of Homeland Security/Cyber Security Apr. 2014 Information Security Basics – Department of Homeland Security/Cyber Security Sep. 2014 Network Assurance – Department of Homeland Security/Cyber Security Sep. 2014 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Module Making Workshop – Touro College Jan. 2022
Online Teaching Essentials – St. Johns’ University Jan. 2022 Preparation for Teaching Online – City University of New York Jan. 2022 Cyber Security Awareness and Prevention Course – ITU University June 2017 Querying SQL Server 2012 Course – ITU University Sep. 2016
Contact this candidate