Chassidy Bijold
***** *** ****** *****
Unit-*-C*13
Seattle, WA 98168
253-***-****
ad5gee@r.postjobfree.com

Active DoD Security Clearance
Amazon Delivery Service Partners (DSP) Van Driver
Two Rivers Delivery LLC
Seattle, WA
09/13-Present
Drive in an Amazon-branded van or truck, stay active and work independently.
Part of a motivated team that safely delivers Amazon packages to customers in the community.
Work five days per week and up to ten hours per day.
Interact with Amazon customers and the public in a professional and positive manner.
Stay active delivering up to two-hundred or more packages ranging from envelopes to boxes weighing up to 50lbs.

IT Project Manager (Remote)
Jacobs Technology
Huntsville, AL
01/21 – 01/23
Provide IT Project Management supporting the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) on the Integrated Research and Development for Enterprise Solutions (IRES) contract.
Manage a portfolio of overly complex projects, from inception to completion.
Oversee project scope, schedule, and financial commitments supporting contract goals in collaboration with all stakeholders.
Monitor milestones and events in support of overall element stakeholder infrastructure upgrades, integration, schedule risk and mitigation.
Engage in stakeholder and planning meetings to resolve conflicts and present feasible solutions.
Support the planning, implementation, and execution support of cybersecurity testing.
Assist in gathering cyber documentation required to execute element and system cyber events to include cyber assessment team hardware.
Plan and schedule project deliverables using established Earned Value Management (EVM) tool sets.
Manage expectations, resolve issues and conflicts, and build mitigation plans.
Monitor project financial data and budgets, monitor and control project change orders by developing proposal requests and cost estimates, review cost proposals, and assist in negotiations.
Provide overall project management functions to include monitoring and controlling the project and communicating across all project stakeholders, initiating the project, planning the project, executing the project, and closing the project.
Author and deliver proposals, status reports, and executive level presentations.
Assist with identifying and assessing available resources and integration activities required for assets to meet planning and execution requirements.
Develop and maintain financial data and cost packages required to assess current-year and strategic planning.

IT Project Manager (Remote) Continued
Jacobs Technology
Huntsville, AL
01/21 – 01/23
Provide a thorough review and assessment of change requests and make sound recommendations indicating risk and risk avoidance.
Support new and/or updates for existing infrastructure integration in coordination with applicable element stakeholders.
Monitor milestones and events in support of overall element stakeholder infrastructure upgrades, integration, schedule risk and mitigation.
Engage in stakeholder and planning meetings to resolve conflicts and present feasible solutions.
Support the planning, implementation, and execution support of cybersecurity testing.
Assist in gathering applicable cyber documentation required to execute element and system cyber events to include cyber assessment team hardware.
Utilize scheduling tools to evaluate and provide input to meet infrastructure requirements.

Business Analyst I
Prescient Edge
Huntsville, AL
01/20 – 01/21
Support Program Executive Officer Intelligence Electronic Warfare & Sensors (PEO IEW&S)
Review, validate, and analyze substantial amounts of information and data to ensure that the date is accurate, consistent, and complete.
Create business logic queries and reports as required to identify inaccuracies.
Ensure that inaccuracies are routed to correct business functions for resolution.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
Collaborate and communicate with internal teams and external clients to resolve data quality problems through the appropriate choice of error detection and correction.
Maintain a clear understanding of the concepts of data management, including data governance, master data management. data quality, data analysis, and cleansing.
Integrate delivery of full-spectrum intelligence analysis support, training, security, and technology R&D support solutions to the Department of Defense (DOD) and Throughout the Intelligence Community (IC).

Property Management Specialist (Data Analyst, Mid)
Booz Allen Hamilton
Huntsville, AL
02/18 - 10/18
Provide Logistics and Property Management Specialist support for the U.S. Army Program Executive Office (PEO) for Missiles and Space
Ensure all Defense Property Accountability System (DPAS) documentation was complete and accurate to maintain property accountability.
Ensure retention of property accountability source documents, verifying records’ authority to have the property and ensuring proper audit trail of acquisition, receipt, identification, records, physical inventory, utilization, reports, contractor control, maintenance, disposition, and contract property closeout.
Prepare and distribute the required documents for the Supply warehouse functions. (DA Form 3161, DD Form 1348, DD Form 1149, DA Form 2062, DA Form 4949). Conducted inventories of complex property and logistics system for over 4,300 capitol property items totaling $4 billion. Received orders, pulled/kitted parts and components, prepared items for packaging and shipping within 24 hours of receiving the orders.
Provide insight and knowledge of part failure rates, inventory lists, bills of materials, and availability to system support personnel. Tracked and completed end-to-end supply chain requirements through the Property Accountability system DPAS and RCLS/COLTS.
Provide sustainment inventory oversight and support for multiple, diverse systems. Identified requirements to ensure that all property met mission capabilities. Recorded maintenance of all property that was being moved between fifteen locations (CONUS and OCONUS).
Manage electro-optical/infrared (EOIR) property items throughout CONUS and OCONUS locations supported by multiple Army units.
Coordinate and execute administrative workflows, streamlining daily operation tasks of EOIR program office.
Direct and coordinate the administrative functions of EOIR program office as the SharePoint administrator, e-Tasker liaison, and document control manager, interfacing with executive level and senior level leaders.

Property Management Specialist (Data Analyst, Mid)
Booz Allen Hamilton
Huntsville, AL
11/16 - 2/18
Provide Missile Defense Agency (MDA) Ballistic Missile Defense Systems (BMDS) program property accountability custodian in support of Directorate of Test (DT) program office.
Ensure retention of property accountability source documents, verifying records’ authority to have the property and ensuring proper audit trail of acquisition, receipt, identification, records, physical inventory, utilization, reports, contractor control, maintenance, disposition, and contract property closeout.
Interface and correspond with other MDA function offices (Directorate of Operations (DO)), Directorate of Acquisitions (DA), BFMs/Budgeting, Contracting Officers, Central Property Office (CPO), Accounting, Auditing, Asset Managers, Executing Agents, and Property Managers on contracts with Government Furnished Property) to ensure proper property accountability and reporting of program property.
Function as a liaison with internal and external customers to resolve government property, write a moderate amount of correspondence to internal (BFMs, Contracts, Central Property Office, Accounting, Auditing, Asset Managers) and external customers (Navy Executing agents and Property Managers with GP/GFP).

Logistics Analyst
Quantech Services, Inc.
Huntsville, AL
10/11 - 7/16
Provide logistics support with the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) Central Property Office (CPO).
Logistician responsible for establishing, guiding, managing, and maintaining an effective and efficient property control system.
Ensure property accountability, management, and audit readiness to three BMDS programs to include: Groundbased Midcourse Defense (GMD), Targets and Countermeasures (TC), and the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense (AB) program.
Review, analyze, and provide recommendations on the logistical technical soundness of weapon system prime contractor approaches, plans, architectures, processes, and methodologies for implementing requirements.
Develop, prepare, and evaluate plans for management of weapon system prime contractor logistics technical approaches and execution.
Provide recommendations on logistics management databases such as prime weapons system contractor defense property accountability system (DPAS) and government furnished equipment (GFE) database.
Position activities included ILS and Program Plans Feedback, Recommendation and Reports, Recommendations on Management and Execution of Program and ILS Element Requirements, MOU/MOAs, Support Agreements, Status of Forces Agreements, and Host Nation Agreements Reports and Recommendations.
Work supporting property accountability and audit readiness within three major BMDS programs which include (Groundbased Midcourse Defense, (GMD), Aegis Ballistics (AB) and Targets and Countermeasures (TC) in the MDA infrastructure.

Education
Accelerated Bachelors/Masters Information Technology Program (Pursuing, 2023)
Western Governors University
Major: Information Technology
Certifications
Security+ Certificate (Pursuing, 2023)
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certificate (Pursuing, 2023)
Defense Property Accountability System (DPAS) Certification, 2012
Defense Travel System (2012)
Department of the Army System Administrator/Network Manager Security Certification (2004)
Standard Army Retail Supply System (SARSS) Certification, Fort Lee, VA, 2002
Training
Trained and utilized Defense Property Accountability System (DPAS)
Trained and utilized MDA E-Business Suite Workforce Management including DFAS Electronic Document Access (EDA) and Invoicing, Receipt, Acceptance and Property Transfer (IRAPT) (formerly Wide Area Workflow (WAWF)
Trained and utilized Item Unique Identification Registry (IUID)
Trained and utilized DLA Electronic Turn-In Document (ETID) and Plant Clearance Automated Reutilization Screening System (PCARSS) for dispositioning government property either government owned (ETID) or government property on contract (PCARSS).
Contact this candidate