Debbie MacGregor
Sr. IT Project Manager
ad5jrl@r.postjobfree.com 720-***-****
IT Global Manager, Information Technology Infrastructure, IT Security, SDM
linkedin.com/in/debbie-66411335

Professional Accomplishments

26 years in IT Global Management
23 years of experience in Portfolio management, End to Portfolio Systems Development Life Cycle (CDLC)
Troubleshooter, called in to get projects back on track, budget, time, and resource issues
Weekly vendor, project team, and Key holders reporting of Budget and analysis of goals
Risk identification and management/ Vendor management.
Created project-specific documentation.
ITIL/Agile/Waterfall methodology/MS PROJECT/SharePoint/Jira/Microsoft 365/Smart sheet's
Networking, Security, Routers, Switches, LAN, WAN, and MPLS
32 Years of Management experience
24 Years of IT and Project Management experience
Manager of 10-500 Network Engineers worked with Worldwide Recruiters for talent acquisitions. Worldwide employment agreements.

Professional Experience

Prudential New Jersey (Remote)
Consultant/Sr. Project Manager 10/2022 – 6/2023
Iris Software
This was a Data Center move project infrastructure-based. Prioritized to bring the project of 196 B2B VPN tunnels moved or disconnected from old data centers to new colocation. The project was behind 12 months when I started. With a review of Project data and artifacts, prioritized a new schedule that was completed on time. SDM work was requested and oversaw the updating of Standards and documentation for the project and for use after the project was completed.

Agile, Scrum, and waterfall
VPNs, Circuits, Azure
Teams, SharePoint, One Drive, Exchange, Jira
Cisco's preferred network
Cloud migration from on-prem.

Pearson San Antonio, TX (Remote)
Consultant/Sr. Project Manager 12/2021 – 6/2022
Javen technologies
Global company setting up and breaking down offices. Over-saw work in the US offices setting up the network and shutting down. Ordering Circuits, network equipment, WAP, and wiring of offices. Cloud migration from onprem to AWS. Guided worked exclusively on Network infrastructure and followed all company policies for network and security.

ITIL, waterfall, and agile methodologies.
Weekly project reporting calls setup
AWS migration from onprem devices. VMware
Audit of network devices
Recycling of EOL and EOS devices.

Ceridian Minneapolis, MN (Remote)
Consultant/Sr. Project Manager 07/2021 – 10/2021
Gavin Heath
The Project was defined as an M365 E3 to E5 migration for an M&A in the AU region. This payroll company had many domains that added to the complexity of the project. Migrations had to be done twice as the company had many employees in all regions of APJ. The migration also included moving all users to Ceridian domain and moving all users from Teams meetings to Zoom. Oversaw Change management or user changes (36 pages). Daily calls, working sessions, and stand-up calls. Cloud migration Oracle to Azure and Azure endpoint. Okta to Zscaler and Defender of 400 accounts plus users of 1100 employees. Another project migration of G-suite to M365 went smoothly.
Oracle Cloud, Azure, and Azure endpoint.
Okta, Zscaler, defender
G-suite to M365
Change Management, user changes
Teams to Zoom, Exchange updates and Changes
Daily calls, working sessions, stand-ups.

Arrow Electronics Centennial, Colorado (Remote)
Consultant/Sr. Project Manager 02/2020- 5/2021
Ash Group
Reinvigorated long-standing ongoing M&A integration projects and brought them to a close. Oversaw budget and kept projects on track and within budget. Used change management and followed Project protocols to help keep the timeline. M365, and O365 migration of 2,000 users in India to Greenfield then updated exchange for company users. Assisted in reporting on project progress, budget, and possible issues. Worked on desktop/laptop procurements, refresh projects, sending out emails, facilitating returns and RMA’s. Set up global meetings and facilitated meetings taking notes and action items, and managed the group approval on tasks, before ending a call. Involving the Security department in all new processes and getting approval. Managed the VPN change meeting with the internal network committee to approve and work with Engineers. Worked well with the time differences across the world, Australia, Japan, China, and India call all in one day.
M&A migration of M365 and O365
Budget, risk, and mitigation plans, SDLC (Systems Development Life Cycle)
Change management
SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint
Creation of project templates
Time zone management
Call center software change
Desktop Laptop Refresh
Security procedures MFA
Azure endpoints

Synoptek LLC Denver, Colorado
Sr. Project Manager/Program Manager 02/2019- 03/2020
Working on a minimum of 42 projects at a time, all infrastructure/cloud projects. Managed Services and infrastructure upgrades. Planned and assigned a group of 16 engineers to projects. Planned and conducted kickoff of projects, site survey, IT and Security assessments. Guided a high-level timeline for kickoff, milestones, and procurement of equipment, circuits, and PCs. The company used MS Project for detailed plans and then shared them with the engineer and client. Oversaw change order creation, established maintenance windows, and monitored work during the window. Conduct weekly and bi-weekly status meetings. Goal - is to give the client the best experience during the project.
MS Project
Cisco's preferred network
ITIL, Waterfall, and Agile
VMware, Google Cloud, AWS, Azure and endpoint.
IT security assessments
Card access, MFA, Video cameras, alarm system
SDLC (Systems Development Life Cycle)

First Data Corporation Englewood, Colorado
Consultant/Project Manager 08/2018- 02/2019
Tekmark
Working through EFTPS on IRS payments and updated tax codes for taxpayers. Managed the Infrastructure and Security department for software updates. Supervised the initial project requirements and worked with the BoA to produce the Business Requirements documents. This defined the Project Requirements that were presented to the project board. This was software project work, Mainframe, and Midrange applications for taxpayers. Security Clearance for Government Work.
MS Project, Excel
Clarity, Resource Utilization
Facilitate all meetings with BoA
Lessons learned documentation and presentation.
Software life cycle

Catholic Health Initiative Englewood, Colorado
Consultant/Project Manager 03/2017- 07/2018
Access Data
Planned 12 high-profile projects concurrently overall cost just over 15 million dollars. Managed an inventory of data center equipment using Solar Winds scans and hands-on confirmation. Prepared and developed Build of Materials from quotes from our vendor, Cisco. The primary project was defined as the WAN Distribution Block, allowing for traffic to traverse the local WAN and not go out to the National WAN. Oversaw 3 Data Centers upgrade of equipment and introducing an Intranet/Extranet DMZ.
MS Project, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint
Clarity, Service Now, SharePoint, MS Outlook, Visio, and Solar Winds.
ITIL, Waterfall, Agile
Project work, setting up weekly status meetings, reporting to Key holders and vendors.
Cisco Catalyst 6880, Palo Alto Firewalls, racking and wiring, Wireless Access Points.
IT Security, Network Engineers, Network architects, and Accounting
Site readiness, updating EOD, EOL, and patching.
WAN, LAN, - National and Regional WAN
Clinical Application Portfolio
Site Survey
Data center’s
Vendor management
Lessons learned.
Info Crossing Broomfield, Colorado
Consultant/Project Manager 08/2015- 02/2016
Wipro/Insight Global
Managed migration of Network equipment for Corning into Data Centers. Change orders and a complicated ticketing system are used. Created Project plans and high-profile client issues. Oversaw Stabilization plan for 7-Eleven to get the project back on track and move forward without issues. Communicated major milestones, identified potential risks, and conducted regular status meetings to review project activities and prioritization procedures. Worked closely with customers to complete the appropriate task and to get the project on track. Analyzed project processes and escalated when needed. oversaw cost risk management. Planned Server Migrations for 3 separate clients. Strengths in team leadership, developing and managing technical project implementation plans. Fifteen years of Infrastructure and Networking experience.
MS Project, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint
Clarity, Service Now, SharePoint, MS Outlook
ITIL, Waterfall
Project work, setting up weekly status meetings, reporting to Key holders and vendors.
Data center’s
Vendor management
Travel to client site.

Education

Westwood College of Technology graduated - 1999.
Computer Science Networking
President of the Student Body
University of Colorado at Denver No graduation 1999
BA English
Relevant Experience

Trustwave LLC Greenwood Village, CO 80112
Sr. IT Project Manager 03/2012 – 01/2013
DAM consulting Littleton, CO 80122
Consultant/ Network Engineer 04/2013 – 5/2015
JD Computers 5981 S Spotswood St Littleton, CO 80122
Consultant/ Network Engineer 04/1997 – 01/2012
United Personnel Greenwood Village, CO 80110
Consultant/ Sr. IT Project Manager 11/2001 – 4/2003
FirstWorld Communication Greenwood Village, CO 80110
Manager/Network Engineer 02/2000 – 11/2000
EDS Golden, CO
Network Engineer Y2K 4/1999 – 1/2000

Industries
Data Centre, Health Care, Government

Management Consulting
- Security Analysis
- Program Management,
- Business Cases Implementation & Analysis,
- Equipment audit, EOL/EOS analysis
- Clinical Application Portfolio
Project Management Methodologies & Tools
- PMI-PMBOK, Agile, Waterfall
- Six Sigma, ITIL, Smartsheet
- Change Management
- Agile, Continuous Improvement
- Remedy, Service Now, Clarity, Microsoft Excel
Leadership
- Change management
- Project Manager
- Collaborative leadership
- Negotiation & Conflict resolution
- Vendor Management, RFP, RFW
Cloud Services
- Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, Oracle
- VMware servers, routers, firewall
Compliance
- HIPPA, PCI Compliance
- International Labor laws
Data Centre Technologies
- Routers, Switches, Firewall
- circuits
- audits
- SolarWinds
Project Management Tools
- MS Project, MS PowerPoint
- MS Visio, MS Excel
- Jira, Service Now, Smartsheet
Network/Communications
- testing, structured cabling
- Routers - HP, CISCO
- Switches - HP, CISCO, Layer 2
- Firewalls – Juniper, Cisco, Check Point, FortiGate, Fortinet, Palo Alto
- UNIX, ACT, ORACLE, SUN, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Visio
- SaaS, PaaS, IaaS

Certifications - (no current certification)
- A+, MCSE, CCNA, CCNP Past certification)
Contact this candidate