PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
●**+ year’s of experience in Quality Assurance/Quality Control Analyst.
●Experience in SQL Server Management Studio.
●Perform manual testing and regression testing and utilize SQL Server Management Studio to conduct backend testing. Document testing outcomes, failure reasons and provide recommendations for fixes to the development team, etc.
●Perform application and system testing on custom applications, various reports, dashboards, etc. to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects.
●Monitor the progress of the project team, which can include system designers, system engineers and computer programmers
SKILLS
●Braze,
●SQL Server Management Studio,
●HP Quality Center Application Lifecycle Management,
●Load Runner 12.0,
●Toad,
●Test Rail,
●Jira,
●Zephyr,
●Doors,
●Serena,
●SAP R/3,
●Rational Test Manager,
●Rational ClearQuest,
●Rational RequisitePro,
●Rational Robot (SQA),
●HTML,
●XML,
●ASP,
●JavaScript,
●TFS,
●Visual Basic 6.0,
●PeopleSoft 9.2 HCM & EPM,
●People Tools 8.5.4,
●REMEDY,
●Crystal Reports,
●Business Objects,
●VISIO,
●Oracle 11.g,
●PL/SQL,
●UNIX,
●C,
● Microsoft Office and Microsoft Project

EDUCATION
●M.S., Computer Science, Southern University, Baton Rouge, LA
●B.S., Business Marketing, Southern University, Baton Rouge, LA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
D & A Security and Electrical Company, LLC,
100 Percent Remote. Sep 2014 - Present
Online System Test Manager
●Understand the goals and needs of the home, company or organization
●Design an appropriate project management plan that meets the client’s requirements
●Monitor the progress of the project team, which can include system designers, system engineers and computer programmers
●Monitor schedules and costs while maintaining quality in the development and installation of a security system
●Facilitate efficient communication across all project levels to stay on track in reaching the goal of the project and help recognize any potential complications, risks or opportunities.
●Stay up to date with any changes or advances in project methodology, technology and equipment.
SPROUTS, 100 Percent Remote, Mar 2022 – June2022
Quality Assurance/Quality Control Analyst I
●Review requirements and technical design documents to provide accurate estimates for testing conversion project from Salesforce to Braze for SPROUTS Farmers Market.
●Perform application and system testing on custom applications, various reports, dashboards, etc. to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects.
●Participate in various Scrum meetings including stand ups, backlog grooming, requirements gathering sessions/interviews and sprint planning meetings.
●Translate Use Cases and requirements into detailed, comprehensive and well-structured Test Cases and test plans
●Create test data for manual and regression testing.
●Perform manual testing and regression testing and utilize SQL Server Management Studio to conduct backend testing. Document testing outcomes, failure reasons and provide recommendations for fixes to the development team, etc.
UNITED STATES NAVY, 100 Percent Remote, Feb 2021 - Jun 2021
Integration Tester (Secret)
●Performed work in an PeopleSoft HCM & EPM 9.2 environments creating test plans, test cases, and test scripts
●Utilized prior knowledge and understanding of Navy Human Capital Management business processes across the Human Resource module including Core HR, Self-Service, Global Payroll, experience with FSCM module including General Ledger
●Worked in an Agile/SCRUM environment with understanding of test concepts, methodologies and practices
●Ensure that software Products perform in accordance with documented requirements prior to delivery and deployment. Work with Development and Sustainment teams to resolve defects.
●Performed defect tracking tools utilizing Jira.
●Plan, execute and report on test activities.
●Created test plans, write/update detailed test plans, develop test scenarios, test cases and test scripts
●Presented to program leadership, customers and end users on test status
●Utilized Test Management and Automated Test Execution tools including TestRail, Zephyr and PTF.
●Perform functional administration, configuration and utilization of testing tools. Collect, track and report test metrics.

UNITED STATES NAVY, New Orleans, LA

Dec 2015 – Mar 2017
ERP Test Engineer/Test Manager (Secret)
●Work closely with developers, system analyst and other members of the test department utilizing Agile Methodology to develop and maintain test cases within a PeopleSoft 9.2 HCM & EPM environments, test documentation and test plans along with the utilization of test driven development and E2E Testing to aid in the consolidation of Sub Naval systems into the Navy Standard Integrated Personnel System (NSIPS).
●Provide test cases for User Productivity Kit (UPK) Training for delivery to the customer.
●Clearly and concisely define testing objectives, report on test defects software problems and anomalies on assigned projects utilizing HP Quality Center Application Lifecycle Management as well as report issues to management.
●Prepare requirements traceability matrix (RTM) documents
●Provide data consistency and reduce errors, improve process from manual to automated, improve manpower planning, enable better decision making and proactive reaction time, introduce additional cost savings by leveraging NSIPS and underlying PeopleSoft technology

BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF ARIZONA, Phoenix, AZ Feb 2014 - Aug 2014
Performance Test Engineer
●Provided Healthcare Test Scripts which outlined end to end processing and software analysis utilizing HP's Mercury Load Runner version 12.0 software working with the VU Gen, Controller and Analysis Tools to create performance testing scripts for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona (BCBSAZ) that were executed and compiled for statistical results.
●Experience in creating the test scenarios, test cases, test data and RTM (requirement traceability matrix) manually and also using HP Quality Center/ALM
●Experience in working on functional, integration and acceptance testing PeopleSoft 9.0
●Prepare requirements traceability matrix (RTM) documents
●Created the Scope document and Project Plan for the HMS project.
●Interfaced with Business customers to gather requirements and work flows for Performance Testing.

ManTech International Corporation, Fort Huachuca, AZ Mar 2010 – Dec 2013
Senior Engineering Manager (Top Secret-SCI)
●As Group Manager for Electronic Proving Ground (EPG) Mission Support Organization lead the department that performed design and development for various software applications related to data reduction and analysis by managing three Section Leaders consisting of 140 persons reporting to their teams supporting Logistics, Test Support and Test Technology for Fort Huachuca, AZ.
●Developed strategic plans, policies and procedures for research and development for both domestic and international engineering activities while managing a $36 million dollar budget.
●Conducted meetings with division leads gathering project statuses, analyzing new requirements, conflict management and resolving issues, and developing effective courses of actions.
●Briefed governments Mission Support Directorates on overall portfolio and met with governments Division Chiefs establishing long and short range planning schedules to meet upcoming strategic missions and goals.
●Directed all product/service research and development engineering activities for the Empire Challenge 10 project to identify needs and provide engineering solutions.

HONEYWELL AEROSPACE, Phoenix, AZ Jul 2008 - Feb 2010
Sr QA Tester/ Sr Load Runner Consultant
●Provided Stress Test for the SAP Infrastructure team by creating 15 high priority scripts via the VUGen, Controller, Analysis Tools and Load Generators for the SAP R/3 environment via Load Runner 8.1. Collected, organized and analyzed workload information and defined data requirements from Subject Matter Experts (SME) to support high quality test design for load testing for 15 high priority processes at Honeywell Aerospace/TCS.
●Responsible for functional, integration and acceptance testing before release to production systems as well as defect tracking, reporting, verification and metrics collection/analysis with HP Quality Center/ALM.

TRI-WEST HEALTHCARE, Phoenix, AZ Jan 2008 - Jun 2008
Senior Business Systems Analyst
●Managed the review of the TriWest Healthcare Alliance project's scope, size, budget and schedule with the developer and database administrator for compliance with customer specifications. Managed changes to the scope of the project.
●Managed project team meetings to gather project status information utilizing SCRUM methodology to provide information and guidance to the project team members.
●Managed user stories in Team Foundation Server and work closely with developers and product owner to track the progress of the stories and analyzed test cases prepared by other team members.
●Identified potential risks to the completion of the project, including resources, costs and systems and recommended appropriate solutions.

UNITED STATES NAVY, Inc., Millington, TN/New Orleans, LA Feb 2006 - Dec 2007
Senior Testing Consultant (Secret)
●Worked on the Total Force Authorizations and Requirements System (TFARS) project for the Department of the United States Navy executing and modifying over 400 test cases to perform manual testing within PeopleSoft 8.0 HCM & EPM and Business Objects environments utilizing the Rational Test Suite: Rational Test Manager, Rational ClearQuest, and Rational RequisitePro. Prepared requirements traceability matrix (RTM) documents
●Prepared the test plan, project plan, test scenarios, test cases and test data for system testing
●Served as Project Lead and created test plan and project plan for the Performance Stress Test. Utilized Mercury Load Runner 8.1 for the Web for the TFARS Project to create automated load scripts for Business Objects and PeopleSoft with the VUGen to run through the Load Controller and Load Analysis tool to produce results for upper level management for 20 high priority processes.

Apollo Group, Inc., Phoenix, AZ Sep 1998 – Feb 2006
Senior Systems Analyst
●Served as the Project Manager for the PeopleSoft 7.5 & 8.0 Financial Aid Upgrade Project via HCM & EPM modules for the University of Phoenix managing over 50 programmers and contractors.
●Utilized Load Runner 7.5 Client Server and 7.6 Web versions for the Financial Aid Paperless Project.
●Served as project leader for the Application Performance Monitoring process using Rational Robot (SQA) utilizing 15 detailed test conditions involving Loan Origination processes.
●Performed Help Desk Support utilizing the REMEDY system for PeopleSoft Financial Aid.
Contact this candidate