HENRY FOK
**** ******** **** ***** ***
Dallas, TX 75248
469-***-****
ad62hr@r.postjobfree.com

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT:
Technology Deployment, User Support, Troubleshooting, Education

I am a multifaceted, resourceful IT support analyst, agent and project manager with a wide-ranging career designing, deploying, monitoring, supporting and maintaining technology solutions from small business and larger enterprises to setting up and supporting smaller scale systems for individual home users. With broad experience across the spectrum of information technologies, from lights out management to deskside support, I’m looking to use my skill set to the fullest in my next career opportunity.

Systems & Networking Management * Deskside Support * System Deployments * Deep Troubleshooting * Vendor Relationship Management * SMB Network Architecture & Design * User Training * Mixed OS Environment Support * Project Management * Vendor Proposal Evaluation * Technological Process Improvements * Process Re-Engineering * Information Systems Design * Data Integrity & Disaster Recovery * Client Relations Management * Team Leadership

PCI Consulting, Dallas, Texas * Aug 2008 – Present
An IT consulting company, provider of IT support and management services to businesses and individuals.

Systems and Technologies Used While At PCI Consulting:
Windows 11, Windows 10, Windows 7 and earlier, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2012r2 and earlier, Mac OS X, iOS, ChromeOS, Android, Ubuntu, ZenDesk, Sage Accounting, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office 365, Cisco ASA 5500 Series, Cisco VPN Concentrator 3000, Ethereal/Wireshark Network Protocol Analyzer, HP JetDirect Print Servers, Cisco AnyConnect, WordPress, WooCommerce, FileMaker Pro, DropBox, WWAN, WiMAX, QoS, VPN, LoM, VNC, RDS, SMB, HTTP/HTTPS, SSL/TLS, TCP/IP, DNS, FTP, SFTP, POP3, SNMP, SMTP, IMAP, VoIP, LDAP, ICMP, RAID, JBOD, Syslog, Client-side WiFi configuration, VMWare ESXi

IT Consultant:
Responsible for the planning, implementation, in-person or remote management and maintenance of client IT environments, ranging from individual home users up to corporations in Europe, the United Kingdom and Australia including servers co-located in datacenters. Developed and deployed training materials for new, changed or updated systems for clients’ users. Conducted independent group and individual training of users, tailored to experience level as required. Performed emergency troubleshooting on a 24x7 basis, along with chronic issue analysis, security review, and vendor management services. Delivered full deskside support services including hardware failure diagnosis, repair and replacement, both in person and by remote. Disposed of obsolete and irreparable equipment in accordance with industry data security best practices. Developed automation capabilities for clients’ customer ordering, production and invoicing. Made regular recommendations as to system upgrades, both software and hardware, based on expressed and predicted client needs then fully implemented personally or with vendors as needed when approved. Worked with other teams within clients and their respective customers to ensure maximum interoperability and prevent potential issues, with an eye to minimizing costs and maximizing uptime. Integrated new, dissimilar systems with existing resources. Developed schedules and systems to allow after hours, lights out management of infrastructure to minimize impact during the business day. Performed duties such as activity and project tracking, workload management, subcontractor training and vendor performance reviews. Produced technical process and procedural documentation, PCI compliance documentation and performed audit reviews of clients’ environments. Developed and presented proposals, progress reports and status briefings for target audiences that included clients’ senior executives and board members. Worked with developers and contractors to update, migrate or build websites, set up social media presence and host corporate videos.

Recent Project Highlights:
Successfully designed and deployed a fully-meshed WAN throughout a commercial property, connecting two prior wired networks and providing previously unavailable WiFi throughout the facility, with the achieved goal of usable bandwidth throughout the entire property and establishing both wireless and PoE surveillance systems.
Planned and managed emergency weekend facilities move of a financial services client’s IT plant to a new office facility while maintaining VOIP phone connectivity as well as data integrity and minimizing downtime. Utilizing virtualization to consolidate servers, prevented data loss and restored full function before the next business day.
Spearheaded project to convert a client’s business-critical custom programs originally written for classic Mac OS using LightSpeed C and HyperCard to a modern, sustainable architecture. Evaluated developers and vendors, selected languages and platform then managed the team of developers to see the project through to completion. Despite lacking original source code and documentation, the team was able to replicate all output of the original programs, improved performance by a factor of 14 while using modern open-source tools and fully documenting the project for future enhancements.
Assumed management and testing of a fitness company’s developing mobile app after the abrupt departure of the original project manager. Continued to meet previously scheduled milestones despite needing to recruit and retain a new development team and initial unfamiliarity with the project as a whole. Completed development stage and handed over completed and functional app to company management for further action.
Successfully worked with multiple IT departments to enable 100% remote work for multiple individual clients during the COVID pandemic lockdowns, enabling business continuity in the face of extreme challenges and resulting in no appreciable loss of productivity for these users.
Planned and led the project to convert a debt-settlement agency from a physical office to full remote, co-located servers in Dallas datacenters and implemented VOIP services. Developed standard employee hardware specification, assembled packages and supported users in setting up systems upon receipt. Planned progressive roll-out of WFH allowed seamless transition to full remote.
Conducted multi-month survey using client’s field sales and service representatives to determine which WWAN provider would be best for the company’s requirements. Supported field representatives using multiple vendor services to ensure they were able to remote work on their customers’ sites. Conducted field visits when required and produced a report for president and board members to make a final decision.
During COVID pandemic, developed deployment and training programs for multiple clients to issue Fujitsu ix500 scanners to employees to enable full remote work, including asset tracking and recovery procedures.
Successfully developed and supported a custom flexible tablet-based order processing and production tracking system using off the shelf software and hardware. As developed, the system allowed staff to know where an order was in the production queue at any time and share that status with customers. The rapid implementation of this system allowed the client to keep several production contracts with their largest customer.
Developed and implemented a plan to recover data from 1980s computer media to retrieve items of historical interest for publication. Worked with multiple vendors to assemble service providers and a selection of hardware to recover data from tapes and various floppy disc formats. Recovery of this data allowed the client to continue several long-term projects that had been started by deceased contributors.

Recent Key Accomplishments:
While auditing the activity of a client’s prior consultant, discovered subtle indications of deleted or missing external accounts. Further investigation resulted in the recovery of forgotten client assets valued in excess of $300,000.
Upon the sudden closure of client’s hosting provider, reconstructed web site and email from offsite backups overnight at a different provider, resulting in the client being up and running in time for business the next day.
Proposed then implemented full remote work for multiple clients, on average, the successful implementation of WFH reduced company overhead by two thirds and doubled productivity.
Consolidated array of individual PCs used for remote network access at client into single Windows Terminal Server with resulting cost and support requirement reduction plus zero downtime during transition.
Recovered access to a deceased attorney’s information systems and accounts for court appointed estate administrator despite no known record of original passwords.
Migrated stadium restaurant from legacy proprietary point of sale system from defunct vendor to modern tablet based system with no downtime or loss of revenue despite need to train servers and management.
Designed, implemented, and maintained emergency web and email hosting for multiple clients after the sudden closure of their hosts as an expedient measure after they were unable to be reached to make a decision on course of action. This preserved business communications as much as possible, allowing continued operations until more permanent measures could be taken.

Client References Available Upon Request.
Contact this candidate