Paul B. Sucherman
**** ****** ***.
Morton Grove, IL 60053
224-***-****
ad630l@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulsucherman/
Hands-on IT engineer, administrator, analyst, and support professional with prior project management and staff management experience—excellent customer-facing demeanor, and relationship-building skills, who thrives on challenges and serving others.
• Exceptional experience in computer hardware, software, systems administration, help desk, networks, and project management roles.
• Highly skilled with PC and server configurations, desktop support, hardware and software issues, hardware project deployments, network troubleshooting and support, connectivity issues, exceptional troubleshooting skills and end-user support.
• Strong aptitude for analyzing present and future technologies to increase hardware, software, networks, and communications efficiencies.
• Highly dependable, flexible, dedicated, and determined, a quick learner with solid attention to detail.
• Solid emphasis on teamwork and productivity to produce the required product quality. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Training: Cybrary, Cloud + Overview Training course, Cybrary ITIL V3 Foundations Overview Training Course, A+ Hardware and CCNA class
Operating Systems: Windows XP, 7, 10
Software: Microsoft Office Packages, Office 365, Outlook, Skype, MiSys Vision, ArtWorks EMR, Proprietary Software packages
Support Software: Service Now. SCCD, ISM, Remedy v7.6, SM7, and Peregrine help desk software Skill Areas: Active Directory, video conferencing systems, RSA Token Security, Blackberry Enterprise Server, remote access tools (Bomgar, VNC, Dameware, Remote Desktop), SCCM, ERP, SharePoint administration, Cognos reporting, EMR/EHR, networking, vendor management, SolarWinds, Laserfiche image scanning, Cisco / Avaya VOIP telephone support and management, Android and Apple mobile support, printing support, Meraki wireless support
Security Clearance Public Trust
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Transcend Staffing / Amtrak Chicago, IL 2023 to Present Principal Technologist / Project Engineer Network and Data Services Providing support for the network data services team on projects for all Amtrak sites
Working with engineers and project managers on design and coordination of tech refreshes and upgrades for switches and access point projects for stations, mechanical facilities and material control warehouses
Working with project managers to assist with the design phases of many projects
Assisting in SD Wan refresh project with installation and coordination of project
In charge of all cabling projects and working with vendors to ensure all cabling is installed on time and within budget
Integrated Resources / Westrock Downers Grove, IL 2021 – 2023 IT Systems Administrator – Field Services Lead
Providing desktop and business support for all users for Westrock.
Onsite and remote support for all employees for three local manufacturing facilities.
Supporting all computers, printers, devices, software, Prism ERP system, and other daily needs.
Working tickets in ServiceNow for users, aiding with VPN issues, Active Directory, and Security Groups.
Use remote tools to aid users while in the field to resolve problems. PAUL B. SUCHERMAN 224-***-**** ad630l@r.postjobfree.com Page 2 1 Source Consulting / SAIC / Department of Transportation – Chicago, IL 2018 – 2021 Senior Technical Services Analyst
Provided remote and help desk support for the Federal Department of Transportation inspectors and employees.
Onsite and remote support for all inspectors and employees for the Midwest region 4 areas.
In charge of supporting all computers, mobile devices, software, and any other needs they may incur.
Working tickets daily for users as needed, aiding with VPN issues, Active Directory, and Security Groups.
Use remote tools to aid users while in the field to resolve problems.
Ordering and replacement of new equipment such as laptops, phones, and mobile hotspots.
Trusted agent for the agency.
Wipro / Shire – Bannockburn, IL 2018 – 2018
Service Desk Analyst
Provided remote and helpdesk support for a major pharmaceutical company in the United States.
Delivering level two support to remote users around the United States relating to issues that they have with hardware and software, viruses, connectivity, and other support issues.
Aided in working with the Global Operations team in working on service delivery of tickets with meeting and or exceeding SLA agreements.
Part of a team of three for sending out new and refreshed laptops and other required equipment to users within the company. One of the main points of contact for remote users leaving the company is acquiring old equipment and processing all paperwork.
Daily using various software such as Service Now, Active Directory, SCCM, Intune, Airwatch, UPS Campus Portal, and remote access tools. Working with users to support them with Office 365 and OneDrive for data backup and Active Directory for correct security group placements. Amtrak – Chicago, IL 2013 - 2017
Lead Technology Support Manager / Field Specialist Responsible for providing ongoing technical support for VIPs, end users, backline teams, and all IT issues for the central west region for Amtrak.
Proactively address all issues and concerns for ticket management on all service requests and incidents for Executive VIPs, directors, managers, and end users, including routing and SLA confirmation, SOPs, summary reporting, and metrics. Cognos Reporting, SME for SCCD ticketing system.
Project management work for large and medium size projects such as copier/printer management and replacements, new station buildouts, deskside support, Citrix kiosk support, upgrades, telephone voicemail migration, and ticket agent printer upgrades. SharePoint administration, time clocks, and strong involvement in new VOIP telephone upgrades.
The primary point of contact between business partners, customers, engineering and development organization, and vendor management. Worked with Global Operations for delivery of tickets with meeting SLA agreements.
Effective knowledge of networking, network troubleshooting, hardware, and cabling, including VLAN, EVPN, and Anira circuits as well as voice systems and understanding of revenue systems.
Demonstrated ability to manage and develop teams in a fluid, changing IT environment.
In charge of training and topics for weekly team meetings held with the field IT team. Bourntec / Xylem – Morton Grove, IL 2011–2013
Lead Service Desk Analyst
Providing help desk support for a major pump manufacturer in the United States.
Team lead to a group of six to provide desktop support for thousands of clients across the United States by phone or in person as needed to minimize downtime.
Create, administer, and resolve tickets using the Remedy help desk ticketing system.
Manage issues surrounding Active Directory, VPN, RSA Secure ID Token, Cisco Any Connect Secure Mobility Client, Blackberry, Blackberry Enterprise Server, iPhones, Active Directory, and Outlook.
Aid level two personnel with issues enabling them to provide superior customer service and VIP support. PAUL B. SUCHERMAN 224-***-**** ad630l@r.postjobfree.com Page 3 CCSI / PepsiCo – Chicago, IL 2008 – 2011
Regional Field IT/Implementation Support Manager
Managed and supported all the Frito Lay distribution centers and manufacturing plants in the Midwest region of the United States.
Provided end-user support to users and LAN administrators to help with issues and projects at their respective locations.
Installed, repaired, supported, and upgraded desktop and laptop computers and printers and supported software, hardware, and network-related issues at all sites.
Adhered to and exceeded SLA agreements and priorities of tickets in the helpdesk system and scorecard evaluations for all sites supported and significantly reduced high-priority incidents. Provided recommendations for new future equipment needed.
Handled projects including installing and configuring new UPS backup systems, completing new Windows Server 2003/2008 deployment installations, Unix server upgrades, WAN issues, and VPN support.
Delivered significant cost savings at sites by tracking leased assets saving more than $8000 / year.
Provided 24/7 emergency support to sites throughout the Chicago land area. Integramed America – FCI, Glenview, IL 2002 – 2008 Lead Information Systems Coordinator / IT Manager
Managed and provided all hardware, network, and software support for the largest reproductive science centers in the United States.
Managed a team of four to provide customer service for all hardware, software, and technical support daily to all users at 10 Chicagoland locations.
Supported and maintained proprietary software, EMR/EHR, and Microsoft Office packages for the corporation.
Helped create IT budgets and hardware requirements for the upcoming years and led process improvement and desktop renewal program.
Assisted with implementing and creating innovative ideas and changes for the IS department, including a new MPLS network for all locations, a new VOIP telephone system, new backup lines, electronic medical records scanning, user training, and PC configurations, including desktops and laptops.
Responsible for purchasing new computer equipment, printers, computer inventory, repairing equipment, and managing all inventory.
Project manager in charge of all computers, hardware, equipment, and support in the opening of new offices. EDUCATION
Information Technology, Oakton Community College, Des Plaines, IL
Contact this candidate