NAPOLEON R. VELASQUEZ (MPM, CSM)
**** ********* ****** – Pasadena, TX 77504 713-***-**** ad630o@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/napoleonvelasquez
SUMMARY
A professional with over 20 years of experience in Information Technology, Business Management and exposure to various Telecom Domains such as Avaya, Amazon Connect, AWS, Cloud Infrastructure, etc. Ability to interface with customers and vendors in the American, European, Asian and Latin markets. Experienced in working with project stakeholders as well as Upper Management to establish a baseline scope of work. Able to analyze risk and ﬂexible enough to manage any changes to the current task. I am a Certiﬁed Master Project Manager (MPM) and a Certiﬁed Scrum Master (CSM) with the ability to coordinate large projects into smaller more manageable Sprints. Thus, maintaining a consistent steady stream of completed work with the Project and/or team I am assigned to manage. Understand the basic concepts of ITIL and how it integrates with IT services and business needs. Capable of handling hands-on technical work, Implementing and supporting IT solutions as well as PM duties at the same time.
EXPERIENCE
Manager IT Solutions Architect / Advisor
DXC
January 2022 - Present
Architect custom and reusable IT solutions for operational scope and Enterprise level organizations
Migrated numerous OnPrem Legacy users over to MS Teams.
Capture and share architectural IP at the solution level, adhering to best practice configuration principles.
Define and implement architectural governance - Program and Enterprise or Operational scope.
Perform complete cradle-to-grave leadership solutions and oversee the process with emphasis on internal/external experienced vendors.
Implemented and supported telecommunications systems for improved connectivity and efficiency.
Collaborated with team members to solve complex problems and optimize network performance.
Meet with prospective partners, sales team members, and current partner strategist, to understand their business objectives.
Translate these objectives into a clear understanding of the process and timeline for the stakeholder, as well as a documented workflow for internal technologists
Coordinate and lead meetings with end clients, vendors and other SMEs to provide IT solutions
Lead architecture and project implementation team in complex, medium to large opportunities.
Develop for clients technically or operationally feasible long-term IT strategies and plans.
Assess the business impact of multiple technologies/strategies.
Identify and address technical or operational risks.
Provide review/input on project activities for large enterprise or global-level projects.
Provide Cost Optimization guidelines to recommend or assess opportunities to reduce costs or improve efficiency.
Collaborate with management, project managers and technical teams to develop detailed project plans and work breakdown structures for large enterprise or global-level projects.
Develop and deliver sales presentations at CEO/COO/CIO levels for large, complex opportunities.
Work with Internal and external vendors to provide QROM’s and SOWs to the end client
Technology experience with Avaya, Cisco, Mitel, Amazon, AudioCodes, Microsoft Teams and others.
Virtual Sr. Cloud Voice Engineer
Aerotek Contractor for Best Western
January 2021 – January 2022 (1 year contract only)
Oversaw the designing and maintenance of call routing scripts in Amazon Connect / AWS
Have input on the product backlog and prioritization.
Ensure the product backlog is visible, transparent, and clear to all.
Ensure call center metrics are reliable and available for our reporting teams.
Vendor management of our call center directed service provider.
Completes user requests on time, to ensure business objectives are met
Design solutions with Cyber Security as a primary focus
Work with Cherwell ticketing system and Jira Agile Scrum Platform
Design independent IVR structures as well as Interacting DynamoDB structures
Engineered voice technology solutions to enhance communication systems and networks.
Provided technical support for various cloud technologies and virtual networking platforms.

Avaya and Amazon Cloud Infrastructure Designer / Call Flow Engineer / Telecom Project Manager
DXC Contractor for Insight Global
October 2015 – January 2021
Presently a Lead Engineer/PM in charge of migrating on-premises Avaya IVR’s for numerous global organizations over to the AWS Amazon Cloud Infrastructure / Agile Service Desk platform.
Designed, built and supported numerous cloud-native application solutions
Manage and track multiple projects to meet business objectives and deadlines with weekly status calls.
Experience with Amazon technologies such as Lambda, Json scripting, Polly, Amazon Connect, Routing profiles, VPN, Glacier, DynamoDB, Contact Flow Designs, contact attributes, Call Center Routing and integration of Service Now to utilize CTI and Callback assist.
Configure and maintain Skype and Microsoft Teams meetings by assigning dial plan scope levels.
In charge of training, mentoring and motivating other team members on proper Avaya and Amazon procedures.
Multitask and design IVR Call Flow solutions for companies all over the world on a follow the sun basis.
Currently supporting MSC3 Avaya systems that entail Contact Center, CMS, One-X agents and Session Manager
Provide remote support diagnosing, troubleshooting and resolving complex system disruption issues.
Interact with business leaders, Product Managers and Developers from other departments and organizations to meet all deadlines in numerous fast paced environments.
Developed basic strategies that revolved around communication as well as the scope of the project to satisfy the customer’s needs
Organized meetings with stakeholders to make sure all timelines are met, and tasks accomplished.
Gathered Telecom and equipment quotes for materials needed. Confirmed all were within range of the project.
Coordinate with preferred carriers to deliver toll free and PSTN services.
Coordinate with developers to complete call flow builds on Avaya and Amazon AWS
Collaborated with internal and external vendors as well as lower, middle and upper management.

Senior Telecom Project Operations Manager
OneSource Building Technology
August 2012 – October 2015
Manage the operations of various multi-million-dollar high complexity/high volume projects utilizing Scrum
Cable infrastructure work which dealt with cat 5, 6 and ﬁber in Service centers and telecom closets
Ensure my team properly coordinated work at approximately 500 different sites every month
Negotiate rates and conﬁrm that my team’s billing is completed properly on a per-site basis. Negotiations include an assurance that the project sustains a minimum of a 30 - 40% proﬁt margin. Most projects were able to maintain 62% proﬁt margin
Report results to Upper Management as well as provide detailed reports and accountability to our customers

Voice Operations / Engineer
Comsys contractor for American International Group
July 2010 – August 2012
Perform voice tasks as it relates to vectors, call centers and everyday switch operations.
Provide technical support on Avaya G3R switch, Avaya 8800 switch, Avaya G450 Media Gateway, Avaya Audix Voice Mail System, Message manager Voice Mail System, Verint Systems, NICE systems and CMS Systems
Manage vendors and other technicians on voice related issues.
Performed Service Management work, implemented and coordinated Service catalog work from scratch

Voice Engineer / Manager PM
Hewlett Packard / Bank of America
August 2003 – April 2010
Collaborated with long distance vendors to configure and re-route 800 numbers.
Due to new Government regulations completed a Nationwide Caller ID project for the Bank
Orchestrated to produce cost savings of approximately $2.4 Million from Bank of America’s overhead due to a project in which we located, performed proper analysis and removed unneeded circuits.
Produced all necessary technical and project documentation, reports and communicated with other project areas within the technology sector.
Communicated technical requirements to associated telecommunications engineering team members and coordinated the implementation of telecommunications solutions to meet business needs.
Interacted with systems such as Gatekeeper, COMG, Project Time, Aldea, PBXr and Peregrine.

Napoleon R. Velasquez 713-***-**** ad630o@r.postjobfree.com

Independent Consultant Work
November 2001 – August 2003
Performed project work for companies such as Halliburton, Walmart, Blackman Mooring Services, Walkercom, City of Houston, TX Dept. of Transportation, Chase Bank and MCI Worldcom.
Installed and troubleshot satellite terminals and equipment.
Planned and coordinated various projects regarding adds, moves and changes.
Dealt with wiring schematics and blueprints to determine the proper floor layouts.
Line & jack installs, cable pulls as well as programming of the switch
Installed Cat 3, Cat 5 and Fiber Optic lines.
Planned and coordinated various projects regarding adds, moves and changes (MAC)

PBX Telecommunications Technician & Project Worker
Lyondell Chemical Company
February 2000 – November 2001
Installed and maintained circuit ID cards as well as digital and analog lines.
Organized and maintained telecom closets that housed infrastructure cabling.
Organized trunk and hunt groups as well as vectors and calling routes.
Saved the company over $10,000 by reducing excess usage of voice lines and digital cards.
Troubleshot, programmed and performed maintenance on specialized hardware.
Monitored the Avaya, Lucent, Definity G3r and G3SI switches, performed tests and reports.
Performed troubleshooting and condensed the various inbound/outbound trunks.
Organized trunk and hunt groups as well as vectors and calling routes.
Performed cleanup projects on the PBX.
Worked on maintaining and establishing video connections when needed.
Analyzed CMS reports and switch error logs
Performed backups on the Intuity Audix system and the Avaya PBX G3r system
Troubleshot and condensed the various inbound/outbound trunks.
CERTIFICATIONS & TRAINING

Master Project Manager (MPM)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Amazon Agile Service Project Manager Engineer
Trained in Project Management with emphasis on Scrum Sprints and Ceremonies
Numerous Management Training courses via Seminars and Online courses

Halliburton Certificate in HalLink Satellite Remote Systems
A+ Certified Professional
Lucent/Avaya Certified as Definity Basic Administrator
Systems Administration

SKILLS

Solution Architecture
Cloud Migration
Project Management
Telecommunications Systems
Technical Leadership
Cost Optimization
Vendor Management
Cybersecurity
Agile Methodologies
Stakeholder Management
Cloud Technologies
Microsoft (MS) Team
Voice Engineering
Technical Documentation
Network Performance Optimization
Sales Presentations
ITIL
EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration
Catholic University of Guayaquil
LANGUAGE
Fluent in English and Spanish

Napoleon R. Velasquez 713-***-**** ad630o@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate