Re’Shanda I. Alston
Clayton, NC • ad6513@r.postjobfree.com • 919-***-****
EDUCATION:
Wake Technical College Raleigh, NC
Criminal Justice – Latent Evidence 06/2018
Associates of Science
EXPERIENCE:
IT Project Manager – Compliance and Governance
Genesis 10 at Bank of America, Charlotte/NC 11/2022 – 05/2024
Effectively coordinate and manage the development activities of Agile and Rise development teams. This involves ensuring that projects progress smoothly through their lifecycle, from planning to implementation, while maintaining alignment with strategic goals. Additionally, utilizing various tools and platforms like JIRA, Rise, Trident, SharePoint, Shared Drives, and Confluence is emphasized for effective communication, problem-solving, and alignment among stakeholders while maintaining Tax Application. Build understanding of program management fundamentals for predictive (waterfall) and adaptive (agile) delivery. Engagement with senior leaders to identify improvements and providing knowledgeable feedback in technical discussions are also key components of this role. Offer SME guidance to technical teams on software engineering best practices. This includes processes for managing a code base, documenting technical requirements, testing, and architecture design decisions. Oversee modern data structures. Experienced in utilizing Microsoft PowerPoint to develop impactful presentations for quarterly Program Increment (PI) planning and weekly sprint meetings, fostering streamlined communication and strategic alignment. Skilled in creating visually compelling slides that enhance engagement and facilitate informed decision-making within Agile frameworks. Create implementation strategies for process changes to ensure quality, prioritization and operations feasibility prior to rollout. Delivers programs, products or systems to support partner and/or customer experience. Manage projects through the project lifecycle. Document the project charter, roles, tasks and measures of success. Evaluate progress and quality, manage issue resolution and take corrective action as necessary. Demonstrate great problem solving and analytical skills, detail-oriented, project management skills and effectively work with cross-functional teams. Manage the planning and preparation for design thinking and/or customer journey workshops to support the development of a transformation roadmap and/or strategy, while supporting the drive for a software development lifecycle process for Turbo Tax. Led IT audit projects with a focus on project management, ensuring comprehensive risk assessments and compliance evaluations. Collaborates with key stakeholders on implementation projects that impact partners and customers. Collects and communicates project and operational data to identify trends and support decision-making. Finally, identifying, and mitigating project risks management, compliance/regulatory and maintaining a clear view of defined, prioritized, and scoped work for execution during quarterly planning cycles.

Assistant Vice President - FATCA Tax Compliance and Risk Implementation
Deutsche Bank, Jacksonville, FL 08/2021 – 10/2022
Managing the validation and migration of client data from historical systems to updated onboarding systems, while also ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements such as KYC (Know Your Client) for FATCA Tax Implementation. Managing and ensuring compliance with US/Foreign tax regulations, particularly focusing on FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act). Work in partnership with internal business and functional teams as a technology partner in communicating and coordinating delivery of services from BTS or Analytics organizations. This involves collaborating with various teams, conducting due diligence reviews, and outlining business requirements for ad-hoc projects. Perform assessment of aggregated data risk by function and business division. Managing a team offshore of 21 in India and 2 onshore in Jacksonville. Lead cross-functional process improvement initiatives targeting key performance indicators for the contact centers. Collaborates on documenting improved process flows that are validated using process success metrics. Utilizing tools like JIRA, Tableau, SharePoint, Shared Drives, and Confluence is emphasized for problem-solving and driving alignment among stakeholders. Support the Demand Management and Change Management processes, partnering with the business on production of high-quality requirements and with BTS delivery organization on timely deliverable Manage activities needed to evolve adoption of data governance framework. Serving as the Project Manager conducting meetings, providing updates to key stakeholders, developing detailed project plans, and managing vendors and staff across different locations. Provide guidance and coaching to customers as they navigate their organizations to establish a data sharing process to the best of their capabilities Streamlining client onboarding processes, creating, and maintaining KPI’s, ensuring data accuracy and compliance, and effectively managing projects and teams to achieve desired outcomes. Collaborates with key stakeholders on implementation projects that impact partners and customers. Led IT audit projects with a focus on project management, ensuring comprehensive risk assessments and compliance evaluations. Collects and communicates project and operational data to identify trends and support decision-making. Manage projects through the project lifecycle. Document the project charter, roles, tasks and measures of success. Evaluate progress and quality, manage issue resolution and take corrective action as necessary Experienced in adeptly utilizing Microsoft PowerPoint to create insightful presentations for monthly KPI meetings with executives and stakeholders, effectively communicating performance metrics and strategic insights. Skilled in crafting visually compelling slides that facilitate informed discussions and drive organizational decision-making at a strategic level.

Sr. Business Analyst - Compliance Regulatory Implementation of FATCA Tax
Credit Suisse RTP, NC 04/2016 – 08/2021
Managing and ensuring compliance with US/Foreign tax regulations, particularly focusing on FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act). Contribute to the firm’s data capabilities and work within the team and with partners to ensure sound data governance practices. Identify weaknesses, risks, and inefficiencies in processes This involves acting as a liaison between various internal departments and stakeholders, such as Operations, IT, Risk & Compliance, Legal, and Tax, to execute critical projects related to FATCA controls. Key responsibilities include analyzing legal entity structures, preparing withholding certificates, registering FFIs (Foreign Financial Institutions), and ensuring compliance with FATCA requirements. Support the Demand Management and Change Management processes, partnering with the business on production of high-quality requirements and with BTS delivery organization on timely deliverable Maintaining relationships with clients, vendors, and quality assurance, as well as conducting gap analyses to identify system and procedural updates to mitigate risks. Lead cross-functional process improvement initiatives targeting key performance indicators for the contact centers. Collaborates on documenting improved process flows that are validated using process success metrics. Led IT audit projects with a focus on project management, ensuring comprehensive risk assessments and compliance evaluations. Developing implementation plans for FATCA compliance changes, performing due diligence on risk and compliance opportunities, and evaluating controls related to FATCA compliance are also part of the main objectives. Experienced in adeptly utilizing Microsoft PowerPoint to create insightful presentations for monthly KPI meetings with executives and stakeholders, effectively communicating performance metrics and strategic insights. Ensures all documentation is formatted and maintained appropriately Skilled in crafting visually compelling slides that facilitate informed discussions and drive organizational decision-making at a strategic level.

Consumer Loan Underwriter Team & Quality Lead
HCL America at USAA Bank, Cary, NC 04/2012 – 04/2016
Effectively manage teams, drive business growth, and maintain client relationships for USAA Federal Savings Bank. Managing teams in Chennai, India, and Cary, focusing on business development and client management. Onboarding and managing new team clients and vendors to foster positive relationships. Recruiting and training teams to meet specific thresholds with a 100% passing rate, ensuring high-quality standards. Implementing process changes to reduce decline and RAI percentages by 30%, enhancing risk management. Managing portfolios of consumer loans, ensuring compliance with guidelines and investor standards. Developing training materials to support employee development and skill enhancement. Enabling significant growth, evidenced by the expansion of customer-dedicated employees.

SKILLS:

Data Management & Analytics Employee Relations Vendor Management Microsoft Office Suite Oracle Change Management Business
Development Risk & Security Life Cycle Management Employee Coaching Workforce Management Client Management Problem Solving Organization Technology Agile Methodology Auditing Tax Regulations and Compliance Rise Deliverables Trident Savy Tableau fluent Consumer Lending Banking & Finances JIRA and Confluence Savy FATCA Regulatory W9/W8 Bene Expert Data Entry

AWARDS / CERTIFICATIONS:
Six Sigma Green Belt Cary, NC – HCL America
Contact this candidate