David Vasquez 631-***-****
Sea Cliff, New York **579 ad6cva@r.postjobfree.com
Dear Employer,
In today’s highly competitive fast pace market, organizations need strong aggressive managers to meet ever changing business goals. I can contribute this level of performance to your team and invite you to consider my qualifications and accomplishments.

I am a accomplish technical solutions-oriented IT manager who thrives in challenging fast pace environments where my performance directly affects the bottom line. In addition, I have solid organizational leadership skills that can make an immediate contribution to your business.
Currently I am seeking a position where I can continue to uphold strong management and performance standards. As a member of your team, I am confident that my result-focused approach would make a significant contribution to the continued success of your organization.

My resume is enclosed for your review and consideration. I would welcome the opportunity you have currently or in the future.

Kind regards,

David Vasquez

David Vasquez 631-***-****
Experience:
Over 20 years of progressive experience and responsibility with documented success in the technical IT planning, scheduling, training and operations.

Managing cross function teams, proposals, as well as P&I responsibility. Planning direct and coordinating activities to complete assigned projects to ensure that projects and completed within the prescribed contractual requirements, timeframes and funding parameters, which involve developing plans that lay-out all task to be completed with related deadlines, cost associated and risk with the project.

Defining project staffing requirement, creating procedures and plans for completing the project and identifying mitigation program risk.

Interacting with Government, State and Federal agencies, internal departments and divisions as required in managing projects to their successful conclusion. Preparing Proposals (along with unsolicited proposals) in response to request from customer.

Responsible primarily for maintaining and optimizing the performance, reliability and scalability or the infrastructure (VDI)Virtual Desktop Infrastructure and (PBX) Private Automated Branch Exchange System.

Employment:
United Bank Of Switzerland/ Allied Universal
1285 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10019 Executive Security Officer 08/19-07/22

Servpro Of Ronkokoma Crew Chief
2460 Ocean Avenue. Ronkonkoma, New York 11779
04/22-08/22
Responsibilities: Remediation, (water, Fire,Mold Wind) Water Extraction, Demolition, Setting up Containment, Setting up Equipment(Dehumidifiers, Air Scrubbers, Air Movers,) Pack-outs, Pack-ins, Encapsulation of Mold and Fire with PPE, Floor and wall Moisture Readings for dry-out with Servpro DRY BOOK.

Advance Restoration Technician
151 Lafayette Road. West Babylon, New York 11704
04/15-08/17 Remediation, Water, Fire, Mold & Wind.

CBS Whitcom Corporation Telecom & IT Services IT Manager
2990 Express Drive South Islandia, New York 11749

Education:
Suffolk Community College 533 Collage Road. Selden, New York (Associates Degree)
Boston High School Of Science and Technology 86 White Street. Boston, Mass (Diploma)
New York State Department of State License
Computer Skills: Works, Word, Excel, Power Point
Contact this candidate