*
Personal Data:
Name: Hassan Adam
Emails: ad6i3m@r.postjobfree.com or ad6i3m@r.postjobfree.com
Tel. #: +447*********
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
Over ten years of experience as ICT lecturer and Computer Lecturer for Key Stage 3
/Key Stage 4 & KSG5, undergraduate and postgraduate students at Schools, Colleges and Universities in UK, Canada Middle East and Germany.
Over fifteen years of experience in different ICT sectors such as Systems Analyst Programmer, IT Manager, Project Manager, Senior Systems Engineer, IT Support Engineer, Software Testing Engineer, Software Developer, and Database / Network Administrator
Expert in Computer/ICT courses planning, preparation and delivering to students in an easy way and structured style.
Strong record of expertise in students’ supervision and research/essays evaluation
Skilled in smart manufacturing research, Systems Analysis, Design and Programming using Oracle, Procedural and Object -Oriented Languages
Advanced courses in Computer and Communications Engineering, acquired extensive knowledge in Signals Processing, Embedded Systems, Object Oriented Analysis, Design and Programming
B.Sc. in Mathematical Sciences (Computer, Mathematics and Statistics), 1992
PGCE in Computing, Newman University Birmingham, UK
M.Sc. (Computer & Communications Engineering), Duisburg-Essen University, Germany, 2004
PhD in Computer IT, Atlantic I. University, USA, 2010
Fluent in English and German
Excellent team player, quick learner, self motivated to be initiative, outstanding problem solver, hardworking with great communication skills, multicultural and creative.
Certified in Google Analytics
Certified in Google AdWords
2
COMPUTUTING SKILLS:
Skilled in preparing Computing lessons and delivering them to students in a friendly atmosphere in a way that satisfies curriculum objectives.
Expert in preparing the assignments with grading system that adhered the education system.
Systems Analysis and Design: refining and translating researcher’s goals into suitable computer languages and extracting specific data from a huge Data-ware house using SQL via Databases and Data Models
Databases: Oracle “RDBMS”, Access, Fox Pro2.6, Clipper and Dbase
Programming Languages: Assembly, Java Script, PHP, C, Java and C++
Software Testing: Expert in Software testing using White box test, Black box test, Data structure, Regression test, Performance test and Software drivers.
Web Techniques: Web Site Design and HTML
Operating Systems: Unix, Linux and Novell
Tools: SQL, SQL* PLUS, SQL/PL, Telnet, TCP/IP, C++, C, Java Script, UML, Oracle, VB, LDAP, Routing, Switching, LAN, WAN and WLAN.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Worked at various Secondary Schools & Colleges as an ICT teacher: 2002 – 2019. Project ICT lecturer at South & City College/Coventry College, University College Birmingham, John Wilmot Secondary School and Waverley College 2019- present
Taught various ICT courses such as Cyber Security, Databases, Cloud Computing HCI, iMedia, Systems Analysis and Networking
Prepared the courses and delivered them to HE students in professional style.
Wrote the required assignments and corrected them using the grading tasks criteria.
Reported the students’ performance to the exam board and the head of the department.
Supported students in subjects taught as well as writing the dissertation/thesis/essay. Tools: Moodle and Canvas
3
Project AI in Smart Manufacturing, Bradford University, UK
Designed and optimised manufacturing processes algorithm to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance product with high quality to overcome the market demands.
Developed and implemented production plans, including resource allocation, equipment selection, and process flow optimisation.
Conducted process evaluations, identified bottlenecks, and propose effective solutions to increase throughput and reduce cycle times.
Analysed manufacturing data, including yield, scrap rates, and downtime, to identify areas for improvement and implement corrective actions.
Derived continuous improvement initiatives, such as lean manufacturing to enhance productivity and quality standards.
Developed and maintained manufacturing work instructions, standard operating procedures, and quality control measures.
Provided a technique to facilitate working closely with suppliers to evaluate and select the most suitable materials, tools, and equipment for manufacturing processes. Project ICT Officer at AA ACCOUNTANCY, Birmingham, UK
Worked as a DBA and network administrator.
Provided ICT services such as first & second levels support. Project Cloud Computing Systems as a Senior BI Analyst with Google
Analyzed the system infrastructure for different clients’ systems applications problems in e-commerce field that run under Windows/Linux OS
Gathered the necessary information for analysis and decision making to manage the cost of management and profitability regarding the clients’ systems.
Based on the information obtained from the clients, provided the clients by the relative feasibility studies with data reports and proposal projects
Resolved many issues for various clients’ websites applications that use Word Press, Magneto and other apps using analytics code, Google Tag Manager, Tags, events tracking, Java script, PHP, CSS, ticketing system and HTML.
Achieved the required configurations in various apps where C was used.
Prepared the conversion plans and user installation plans for applicable applications. 4
Provided support, advice, and business procedures necessary to maintain the integrity of data, which originates within client business organizations. Tools: Java Script, PHP, HTML, CSS, Virtual Machines, VPN, GTM, Ticketing System and FTP, Word Press, Magneto and Google Tag Manager
Project Senior Systems Engineer Saudi Royal Air force 2017 – 2018
Analyzed the existing Communications System Components that include the Communications Control Panel (CCP), VRCS controller Radar/Radio Sites (RRS), Radio Control Units (RCU), Radios, Operational Data Processor (ODP), DET, Ground to Ground (G/G) Communication, Ground/Air/Ground (G/A/G) Communication, Command Operation Center (COC), Sector Command Center
(SCC), Sector Operation Center (SOC), Circuit Switched Networks (CSN), Ultra High Frequency (UHF), VHF radios located at Radar/Radio Sites (RRS) and Mobile Control Centers (MCCs).
Analyzed the systems components, detected the issues and provided the most suitable possible conceptual solutions for the corresponding issues as well as a new system with flexible features.
Project Systems Analyst & IT Manager /QA Testing, Abu Dhabi, UAE 2013 – 2016
Analyzed the system network infrastructure and applications performance that run under Windows environment.
Analyzed the financial and information system modules and added extra functionality features to the current system to verify and validate the system functionality.
Managed LAN/WAN/Wireless/VPN, Internet Security, Email systems, Remote access operations and Firewalls implementation
Provided a Conceptual Procedure to Test CAMS applications & virtual machines used
Managed the Project of testing CAMS (Students Information System) applications located in USA via Virtual Machines Systems (VMS) located in UAE and verified the VMS connectivity functionality.
Led the team who analyzed the system modules/components to evaluate the system effectiveness and the data integrity.
Prepared and taught IT courses
5
Computer Vision Professional GmbH, Duisburg, Germany 2006 – 2012 Project Vodafone, Head Office, and Dusseldorf, Germany as Mobile (m) commerce QA Analyst and Test Engineer
Investigated and understood a very complicated Object- Oriented Database System
Analyzed the data trends, determined the crucial data and gathered the required data using excellent communication skills.
Tested MWallet, Smart Card and NFC functionality at QA Site for smart phones Mobile e- Commerce.
Tools/Technology used: C, NFC, HP QC, Virtual Machines Systems, Wired Card, Firewalls, LAW, WAN, Smart phones, ITL, Linux and Vodafone supported technology device. Project Motorola Mobile System as Applications Analyst Developer:
Developed Motorola mobile Software by analyzing different bugs and fixing them, such as downloading internet websites, images problem and all other problems. found by Motorola Software testers teams in Germany, France and HQ in Japan.
Planned and conducted a weekly call conference with clients to discuss their issues. Tools: Motorola device Simulator, C under the environment of Microsoft Visual C++, Peer, NCF and LINUX Proxy Server
Project T-System as IT Support Engineer (CRM) 2005 – 2006
Supported various clients (first level, second level & third level support) working at office or home worldwide (in Europe, North America, South America, Australia, Africa and Asia) in different IT aspects such as remote Software or Hardware installation, analyzing and fixing the IT issues or forwarding them to a third part and follow up the resolved besides not resolved issues via Telephone contact, email, opening and closing tickets using COSIMA system.
Tools: VNC (Virtual Network Computing), VPN (Virtual Private Networks), UNIX, Blue Zone, Novell, Mainframe, Citrix, Windows2003, Active Directory, SAP, COSIMA, LAN, WAN, ATM Network (Asynchronous Transfer Mode Network), IVR (Interacted Voice Response), BB, Lotus notes, Explorer application, Zen Works, TCP/IP, Switching, Routing, UFS and LDAP.
6
Ergonomics Software GmbH, Duisburg, Germany 2003 – 2005 Project: Systems Analyst Developer (contract)
Analyzed and designed mobile number portability (MNP) to be implemented in C ++ and oracle environment by creating Channel Database as well as Subscriber Database and programming a system (Interface) to assign the mobile number portability to the Subscriber.
Carried out the necessary configurations to set up the required smart device Connectivity.
Tools: SQL and C++
Project: Software Tester & developer SMS-Demag, Düsseldorf, Germany Systems Analysis and evaluating via Test concept to test the Component Based System Kernel (CBS-K)
Investigated and analyzed a very complicated Object- Oriented Database System
Created a general procedure to test CBS-K Communication or any other software and implemented this method to test CBS-K using different test methods such as Performance test, Black box test, White box test and Data structure test.
The test led to CBS-K CORBA & Database connections functionality problems in addition to a concept of how to handle the functionality of these problems in a form of algorithms and codes in C & C++.
Tools: TCP/IP, Middle ware, White box test, Black box test, Data structure, Regression test, Module test, Integration test, Functional system, Software test- harness (drivers and stubs) i.e. Automation test, C++, UML, CORBA and Oracle Xintra Computer College Toronto, Canada 2001 – 2003 Project: Computer & Telecommunications Lecturer
Taught different courses such as SQL Server 2000, MS Office XP Professional and Telecommunications as well as applied Mathematics
provided different IT supports to the Computer College staff and students Tools: ADSL, ISDN, IP Networking, TCP/IP, VoIP, WAN and LAN Systems Analyst Programmer, Duisburg University, Germany 1997 – 2001 Project: Data warehouse
Built a system for extracting specific data from a huge Data Warehouse 7
Wrote programs to extract the required data and create various reports Tools: SQL, Access, Databases and Data Models techniques Project: Toshiba Processor
Programmed the Switching of the Toshiba Processor Controller Tools: C and Assembly Languages
Project: Network Developer (Intranet)
Developed a huge intranet which consisted of more than 98 Servers.
Fixed network problems such as package lost or delayed and the access speed.
Measured and analyzed statistically the traffic to the company’s intranet. Tools: SNIFFER PRO 3.0 under windows 98, and catalyst 5500 switch Systems Analyst Programmer and Designer /IT Instructor 1992 – 1997 Khartoum Bank, Department of Advanced Systems
Project: Model Branch
Worked in a largest Commercial Bank to create a large Computerized Banking Data System for a model branch to increase the Banking System Services speed with a high level of security.
This project based on the idea of online posting and consisted of the following systems: general accounts, current accounts, transfer, investment, credits, guarantees and information system.
Designed and programmed an information system.
Traced and checked the analysis, design, programming, coding, testing and the implementation for each module and all the integrated modules as a whole.
Granted the privileges to the users.
Closed the daily work, updated the errors occurred and programmed reports.
Acquired extensive experience in systems analysis, design and programming.
Developed and managed the banking system project proposals, resources and plans.
Assigned tasks to project members.
Conducted quality assurance on project deliverance s.
Implemented new system and maintained the existing computer systems.
Supported computer production systems.
Maintained, enhanced and supported existing computer applications and systems. 8
Trouble shooted system problems and implemented solutions.
Developed new and enhanced existing computer systems.
Tested, evaluated, developed and implemented new computer applications systems.
Trained and monitored newly hired IT System Analysts.
Collected and analyzed system utilization data to monitor trends and forecast future.
Evaluated and tested off-the-shelf products to ensure their applicability to meet corporate business requirements.
Reviewed and analyzed user requests for computer and communication systems and recommend solutions to meet customer requirements.
Designed, developed, tested, installed, customized and trouble shooted information security systems and solutions to ensure protection of IT assets, business functions and requirements.
Managed data center’ facilities’ infrastructure, supported relevant upgraded projects.
Supported operations monitoring of IT systems and problems response and resolution.
Analyzed and approved changes to computing infrastructures.
Adhered to security and safety regulations and rules.
Appointed as the database administrator
Tools: Oracle under Novell
Project: Computer Training Center Manager
Established the Khartoum Bank Computer Training Center
Planned courses, terms and goals
Defined the type of computers needed and the operating system used.
Taught various courses such as Oracle, Fox Pro2.6, Dbase, Word Processing and C
Appointed as a Manager for the Computer Training Center
Contact this candidate