PERRY W. CANET 972-***-****
**** ****** ***** ***, *****, TX 75098 ad6ijr@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
University of North Texas, Denton, Texas.
Bachelor of Science, Economics, December 2005.
Cum Laude graduate with a minor in Mathematics.
SUMMARY
A skilled project manager with an information technology focus. Possessing a unique skill set that bridges technical and business interests in the design and implementation of complex, multi-million dollar projects, while ensuring regulatory compliance. Seeking a project management position within the mortgage industry that will allow me to continue to grow my career. WORK EXPERIENCE
RewardOps, Toronto, Ontario. Interim Director of Research and Development – Information Technology
April 2023 – September 2023
Contract consultant that assisted executive management with reorganization of the IT development group. Reorganization resulted in increased productivity for the IT development team
OrangeGrid, Flower Mound, Texas. Implementation Project Manager July 2022 – February 2023
Managed technical resources and scheduling for multiple large application development projects related to default mortgage servicing. The application development projects were for component default mortgage servicing.
Maintained project reporting and governance for multiple clients. Responsibilities included leading client meetings to communicate project progress and to gather requirements for backlog refinement
Phoenix Oversight Group, LLC, Dallas, Texas. Client Delivery Project Manager March 2022 – June 2022
Managed scheduling for a large application development project related to investor claims filing. The investor claims were related to default mortgage servicing.
Maintained meetings and communications with client on status of project. Dimont & Associates, LLC, Dallas, Texas. Vice President – Information Technology and Risk Management
June 2014 – April 2022
Designed and implemented the process and technology for the Flood Insurance Valuations teams. This team was setup at the request of a client to assist them with an OCC consent decree related to forced place flood insurance premiums. Managed a team of 40 resources through the life of the project. As a result of this program, the client was able to have the consent decree lifted within 3 years with minimal fines. The team grew from a start up to over 2 million dollars in annual revenue during my tenure.
Based on the success of the Flood Insurance Valuations team, additional project rotations included designing and implementing workflows and technology for three additional new lines of business for Dimont: Investor Claim processing, Auto Claims processing and Loss Draft processing. Each of these lines of business grew from start up to over 1 million dollars in annual revenue during my tenure.
Promoted to management oversite of Dimont Information Technology and Risk Compliance due to successful coordination of these departments during the launch of new business. Responsibilities in Risk Compliance include completing client audits, completing Dimont’s annual SOC audit and overseeing Dimont’s internal governance and controls.
Responsibilities in Information Technology include management of Dimont’s infrastructure and application development teams. Information technology project delivery improved by approximately 30 percent and audit delivery improved by approximately 45 percent during my tenure, due to introduction of streamlined processes and communication. SKILLS
Certified Scrum Master
Software development life cycle management
Requirement analysis
Contact this candidate