Major ** years IT Infrastructure Project Management in business support services over five-
Qualifications: state Midwest region, budgets ranging from $250 thousand - $250 million.
Three years Customer Field Engineering support.
Six years Computer Operations Mainframe / Client Server support
Military Communications experience US Army

Professional Experience

March 2023- April 2024 Senior IT Project Manager
Ryerson Metals Lisle, Il

Responsible for acquisitions of new companies, to Ryerson’s list of companies.
Upgrade Wireless Cisco Meraki equipment for over 100 locations across the US.
Circuit upgrades for new and existing sites across the companies’ wide umbrella including, servers, routers and switches and AP’s
Scheduling of sites to get new equipment installed at multiple sites across the globe.
Creation of MS project plans for the company wide projects involving IT Infrastructure.
Responsible for new CTL (Cut to Length) project in Shelbyville, Ky with a budget of 57 million dollars. Installation of network equipment at the site.
Responsible for the scheduling of the MX85 router installation at the various sites with the network team.
Worked with the Cybersecurity team to reduced risk of Ransomware within the company’s structure.
Worked with LAN/WAN team members to do the email conversions to 0365 for new companies’ acquisitions.
Worked with Data Center Manager to relocate the Data Center from the Ryerson Lisle office location.

Sept 2022- March 2023 Senior IT Project Manager
Ardagh Group Chicago, Il

Responsible for the delivery of BT firewall upgrades and Windows firewall activations projects involving firewall rule changes to the Ardagh servers with expanding Zscaler.
Also working with the IT plant managers to get new offices built in the plants with network drops, HVAC ac, electrical outlets put in new offices.
Also working on server upgrades for the company. Working with NAS technology with Dell/EMC, NetApp storage devices.
Familiarity with change management processes including task specific activities to support migration delivery. Functional expertise with NAS focused knowledge of DNS, VPN, AD, replication, distributed backup, switches, servers, firewalls, Linux/Unix, Windows

Aug 2021- March 2022 Senior IT Project Manager
Insight Enterprises Hanover Pk, Il

Responsible for the delivery of Royal Caribbean Cruise line accounts for the delivery of IT related projects for their ships consisting of upgrades of the network core switches, Cisco 9400 switches, cabin switches, RDP switches, servers, phone systems. Desktop and laptop upgrades.
Responsible for creations of the scheduling with RCCL and delivery of the IT infrastructure equipment to the vessels. Responsible for the installations of the software on the infrastructure equipment being delivery to the ships for EUC. Also responsible for the weekly status reports for upper management to see the progress of each vessel and timeline.
Responsible for the inventory of the application and Infrastructure equipment being shipped to our warehouse that will be shipped overseas. Responsible for the asset management and logistics of the RCCL equipment to be shipped to various locations.

Dec 2020- Aug 2021 Senior IT Program/Project Manager
Sentinel Technologies Tempe, Az

Responsible for the delivery of IT related projects for Sentinel Technologies clients across the globe. Projects consists of VMware projects, Wireless upgrades, Servers Upgrades, Data Centers migrations, Phone system upgrades, NSX Storage upgrades and Security firewall upgrades and 0365 email upgrades. Also responsible for EUC computer support for our clients.
Worked with clients to upgrade their email platforms to Office 365 mailbox migrations. Responsible for working with the clients and engineers to schedule their migrations. Knowledge of DNS, VPN, AD, replication, distributed backup, switches, servers, firewalls, Linux/Unix, Windows

Nov 2019- July 2020 Senior IT Project Manager
Insight Enterprises Chicago, Il

Responsible for the delivery of CDCT IT related projects for Insights Clients across the globe. Projects consists of Wireless Implementations, Storage Upgrades, Phone Systems upgrades, Disaster Recovery Projects, Servers Implementations. Security related projects with firewall preventions. Also, Cisco switch upgrades. (NAS) technology including Dell/EMC, NetApp and Hitachi platforms

May 2019- Aug-2019 Security IT Project Manager
Insight Enterprises/TrueValue Chicago, Il

Responsible for the delivery of IT/Security related projects for True Value corporate offices and companies across the globe. Project consists of Email Threat Prevention solutions, O365 Security Assessment, Security Policy refresh, Cary Office Scan migration, TruSites Upgrade, SaaS Cloud Security Assessment, VM - Application Security Scanning, VDI Infrastructure Upgrade, AIX Replatform security assessment, .NET Upgrade Project.

Oct 2018-Feb 2019 Technology Portfolio Delivery Manager
Mastech Digital/PNC Bank Pittsburg, PA

Responsible for the delivery of IT related projects for PNC’s banking systems NFS storage arrays and Network Encryption of data on PNC’s network.
Responsible for creating MS project plans and schedules for PNC’s Platform Engineering team.
Responsible for the scheduling of the Network infrastructure meetings involving the Mainframe moves and creating the power point decks for the 2019 initiatives. Working with the vendors to move the equipment from the old DC to the new DC. Created the Power Point decks for the 2019 scheduled projects to be approved by the finance department. Worked with client PNC bank with data center migrations and disaster recovery projects for banking platforms. Worked with staff with Active Directory projects and Windows 0365 upgrades.

Jan 2018- August 2018 Senior IT Project Manager
Technocrats Domain/Hollister Inc. Libertyville, IL

Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects involving EDI upgrade, circuit install project for 12 sites, server upgrade and storage upgrades. Utilizing project management software for development and tracking of standard management documents in alignment with the Project Management Institute best practices. Responsible for MS Project plans, project schedules and middleware projects.
Responsible for weekly status reports to senior management. Worked with technical staff for Active directory upgrades.

June 2017-Oct 2017 Senior IT Project Manager
Tata Consultant Services/Northern Trust Bank Chicago, IL

Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects involving data center migrations, Call Center implementations, Wireless upgrades and business unit upgrades. Responsible for MS Project plans, project schedules and middleware projects.
Responsible for weekly status reports to senior management. Responsible for assets management of computer equipment and software.

Jan 2017- June 2017 Senior IT Project Manager
Tata Consultant Services/Northern Trust Bank Chicago, IL

Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects involving middleware projects with creations of DEV environments and VMware environments for AMH Swift and EBP Projects for NT Environments.
Responsible for creating MS Project plans and project schedules for team members to follow. Currently I have worked, with technical teams offshore and onsite for creating new servers and domains for Northern Trust.
Responsible for weekly status reports for managers and team members for project status. Managed WebLogic team to install WebLogic software on new NT environments.

Sept 2016- January 2017 Senior IT Project Manager
Tata Consultant Services/Daimler Trucks- TCS Portland Oregon

Responsible for IT infrastructure projects involving server upgrades, data center migrations business center moves and wireless related upgrades.
Responsible for working with the middleware teams to create dev environments and VMware environments.
Responsible for creation of MS project plans and project schedules for teams to follow.
Responsible for weekly status reports for management and teams to review progress of projects.

Dec 2015- May-2016 IT Project Manager
ATS/ES Hoffman Estates, IL
Tate & Lyle
Responsible for the Network Separation Security project for Tate and Lyle Loudon Tennessee to separate the Process and Business network traffic between the network core switches. Also working on the Loudon CoGen project for the Gas turbines in the processing plant. Working with monitoring tools and appliances such as Industrial Defender ASA monitoring appliances.
This project consists of a 66-million-dollar upgrade to some Gas turbines that will be installed in June of 2016. They are installing conduit and fiber runs from the Operations building and CoGen buildings with new network core switches in place to connect to the buildings.

Aug 2015- Oct 2015 Program Manager
ICS Consulting Sun Prairie Wis
QBE
Responsible for the TSA responsibilities for the MLS sale to National General. Responsible for the IT infrastructure transition between the two companies prior to LD1 and after the sale. Responsible for the hardware and software being transition over to MLS in a proper business mode.
Responsible for scheduling the meetings for each of the IT work steams to work together between the two companies. Work streams consisted of Networking, Server, Citrix, Storage, EUC, Security, I3, Messaging, Desktop Support, Middleware, and Build and Release. Also responsible for weekly and monthly status reports to upper management

Feb 2015- Aug 2015 Senior IT Project Manager
Capgemini/Sogeti Lake Forest, IL
Contractor
Tenneco

Responsible for IT management of projects involving server upgrades SAP GUI projects and server migrations. Scheduling the technical teams to coordinate the required work.
Responsible for creating MS project plans. Storage arrays project upgrades etc… Working on storage related projects for the data center and network teams. Also working on Internet Explorer upgrade testing project.

Oct 2014-Jan 2015 Senior Infrastructure Project Manager
Netrixllc Bannockburn, IL
Contractor

Responsible for file server migration of File shares and cost centers packets for NewEdge.
Responsible for the SharePoint schedule and weekly status reports for the client New Edge. Also responsible for creating PowerPoint documents and communications e-mail to the cost center owners across the country.

March 2014- Sept 2014 Senior Infrastructure Project Manager
Insight Global Vernon Hills, IL
Contractor

Responsible for the Site Separation projects for the JAPAC region for AbbVie. Abbott and AbbVie are separating the two companies. I am responsible for the network split between the two companies regarding the servers, routers, switches, Wireless AP etc.
I was responsible for the site schedules for over 100 sites across the country and MS project plans for each site. Also responsible for scheduling the conference calls and weekly status reports to upper management.
Responsible for the MS project plans for each site and the hardware that needs to be installed at the sites.
Responsible for the team conference calls and weekly status reporting to upper management. We use SharePoint as a tool to share information with team members.

June 2013-Feb 2014 Senior Infrastructure Project Manager
Viva USA Madison, WI
Contractor

Responsible for IT Infrastructure related projects for the State of Wisconsin. Responsible for the creation of MS Project plans for the state agencies for the (DET) Division of Enterprise Technology Wisconsin area.
Working with senior management to create Project Charters and proposals for departments such as the DOJ, DOR, DOC, DNR, DWD, DOT, DHS, DOA and Capitol Police etc.… I am responsible for weekly status reports and communication plans for my projects and team members to deliver projects on time and within budget. Responsible for asset management of all computer equipment. Worked on IVR projects for their call centers.

EDUCATION: ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE, Hoffman Estates, IL
Associates Degree in Electronic Engineering Technology

DEVRY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, Chicago, IL
Bachelor’s Degree in Electronic Engineering Technology

Project Management Certification Project Management Institute

PMP number 3121850

Technical Hardware: IBM and Macintosh PC repair and maintenance, IBM modem and
Skills: controller installation, IBM 3211 and 4245 printer repair, Compaq laptop, and
IBM desktop and server repair. IBM MVS/XA, 370/3081, 3083, 3090 systems
Hardware Cisco Routers and Switches and Novell Synoptic TCP/IP protocols,
Wireless access points, and Compaq servers. SAN Routers, WAN Routers, F5 Load
Balancers, IBM Servers, Unix, VMware, EMC Storage, Cisco WAP’s, Cisco 3750 switches, HP Blade Servers, BL460c, HNAS, Palo Alto Firewalls, Nerc CIP Network, Industrial Defender ASA monitoring appliances.

Software: Network Operating System (NOS), Windows, MOSS, MS Office Suite, MS Mail, MS Schedule Plus, Lotus Notes, IBM-LAN (Local Area Network), IBM-WAN (Wide Area Network), CC Mail, Windows 95/98/NT 2000, XP, Ghost, SAP, Command Level CICS, IMS, MVS, VTAM, TSO/ISPF and JES2 Commands, PeopleSoft, Citrix, FCP, Remedy v6, Clarify, Clarity, Asana, Clarizen, Coupa, Planview Vantive, Webspoc, Dameware, Visio, Oracle, VPMO, SharePoint,PC Anywhere, Confluence, Jira, Service Now, Daptiv, SCCM Horizon and Teloquent. Also experienced with Microsoft SMS version 1.2, MS Office, MS Outlook and MS Project/MS Project server and VOIP. Experience with VPN dialup networking software for remote users. Microsoft exchange 5.5 & 2000 maintenance and administration. MS Project 98, 2007, 2010. Asset Management of computer equipment and software. Windows Office O365 migrations and Active directory upgrades. Skype for Business and Office 365. Used Agile and Waterfall Methodology for Infrastructure projects. Worked on IVR projects for IBM/Mead Johnson for their 7 call centers and the State of Wisconsin for the DHS.
Contact this candidate