Skilled IT Manager with in-depth knowledge of software, hardware, and
computer systems. Supports operational goals with innovative information technology solutions. Collaborative in building and deploying strategies for current and future demand. Self-starter and team player in on-site and virtual projects.
Experience
1/2020 -
5/2024
IT Manager
Dessert Holdings, Kennesaw, GA
• Works with the staff to assess and respond to IT needs.
• Develops software and implements new
applications and changes to existing computer
systems and software packages.
• Maintains the integrity and continual operation of the IT network including wireless networks.
• Ensures the ongoing functionality of pertinent, time- sensitive operations.
• Maintains security and privacy of information
systems, communication lines, and equipment.
• Helps in the transition of different ERP’s.
• Implements and supports EDI.
• Purchases assets and software.
• Manages network and system performance,
conducts troubleshooting, security patching, and
maintenance.
• Oversees IT departmental operations and training and assigns tickets to IT team.
• Deployment VMware ESX and AD.
• Scripting’s.
• SCCM.
Contact
Address
877 Westfield Row
Acworth, GA 30102
Phone
770-***-****
E-mail
ad6rpa@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/i
n/mateo-villodres-47bab7
Skills
Technical Troubleshooting
Technological planning
Teamwork and
Collaboration
Research and
Development
Self-motivation
Analytical Thinking
Training And Development
Service Now Platform
System Administrator
MATEO VILLODRES
IT Professional
9/1999 –
1/2020
IT Director
Atlanta Cheesecake Company, Kennesaw, GA
• Provided leadership, vision, and management to
the IT department and worked with the staff to
assess and respond to IT needs.
• Assisted in recruiting, hiring, and providing
appropriate training for employees.
• Oversaw the development, design, and
implementation of new applications and changes
to existing computer systems and software
packages.
• Responsible for the ordering and acquisition of
hardware and software to maintain the integrity
and continual operation of the IT network, including wireless networks.
• Ensured the ongoing functionality of pertinent, time- sensitive operations and maintained security and
privacy of information systems, communication
lines, and equipment.
• Developed, reviewed, and certified all backup and disaster recovery procedures and plans, including
an ERP system of my design.
• Tested and evaluated new technology.
3/1997 -
6/1999
Help Desk Support
CDE Services, Marietta, GA
• Provided first-line helpdesk support to clients, assisting them with hardware and software
problems.
• Installed and configured computer hardware
operating systems and applications and monitored
and maintained computer systems and networks.
• Performed troubleshooting system and network
problems and diagnosed and solved
hardware/software faults, replacing parts as
required.
• Supported the roll-out of new applications and
reassembled and loaded new firmware to credit
card terminals.
Languages
English
Spanish
3/1995 -
6/1996
Tech Support
Gov't of Andalusia, Ministry of Sustainability, Seville, Spain
• Performed troubleshooting of technical issues to diagnose and resolve computer and network issues.
• Configured hardware, devices, and software to set up workstations for employees.
• Responded to support requests and walked
individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
• Trained users on how to operate components and
systems.
Education
9/1992 -
6/1995
AS in Computer Science
Asemfor Technical College - Seville, Spain
Certifications
• 600.1 Introduction to Computer Science and
Programming Using Python, 2024
MITx
• 600.2 Introduction to Computational Thinking and Data Science, 2024
MITx
• Fiber Optic Design, Installation, and Maintenance, 2015
Light Brigade Seminar
• Microsoft Certified Professional, 2012
• Microsoft Certified Solution Associate, 2012
• Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist, 2009
• ASP.NET, 2009
Emory Center for Lifelong Learning
• SQL Server, 2009
Emory Center for Lifelong Learning
• VB.Net, 2009
Emory Center for Lifelong Learning
• Crystal Report Writer, 2009
Kennesaw State University
.
Contact this candidate