Robert A. Miller
**** * ******* ***** **, Parker, CO 80138 303-***-**** ad6ssw@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
I want to utilize my 15 years of experience managing IT teams that support a Fortune 200 company and collaborating with business teams to deliver business goals on time. Encouraging and supporting staff in their career planning, using available resources, tools, and processes to help find the best match between their abilities and the organization's needs, and setting achievable and measurable goals for developers while prioritizing tasks based on importance and urgency. I consider my communication skills one of my most important assets, and I have been instrumental in successfully managing my prior teams. Assigning projects clearly and communicating important information to staff regularly. I believe that transparency is essential, and supervisors should strive to keep an open door for employees to approach them with their needs or issues.
MANAGEMENT ACHIEVEMENTS
Distinguished Service Award 2014
Management Award Project Excellence 2007
Management Award Project Excellence 2010
Management Award Project Excellence 2014
SENIOR IT MANAGER (IVR, E-MAIL, SMS, PUSH) DISH / BOOST MOBILE FROM 11/ 2017 TO 11/ 2023. I oversaw staff for the IVR, Email, and SMS teams for Dish, ensuring their work was prioritized and assigned effectively. Contributed to performance evaluations and staff training and maintained a safe working environment. As a key liaison, I represented Dish at various meetings, projects, and facilities, fostering strong relationships with internal departments, executives, and external organizations. My role was crucial in effective communication and collaboration. I have consistently provided strategic recommendations and implemented tactical procedures to improve operational effectiveness and enhance services or programs, demonstrating my commitment to driving continuous improvement. Projects included maintaining critical marketing communications via email, SMS, and IVR, implementing and restructuring marketing/retail communications, and aligning legal budget goals with business initiatives. I maintained the staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees while seeing to a safe, secure, and legal work environment and constantly working with employees to plan personal growth opportunities and accomplish staff results by communicating job expectations and planning, monitoring, and appraising results. SENIOR IT MANAGER - (MANAGER OF WEB DEVELOPMENT) DISH 12/2007 – 11/ 2017 I led a team of web design, development, and analytics professionals in a highly competitive and fast-paced industry. I managed a team of front-end web designers responsible for all customer-facing DISH websites
(Dish.com, Echostar, DishLatino). This team undertook several large-scale redesign projects for all company websites. Performed website analysis and user tests to utilize proper content and data systems for successful online e-commerce campaigns.
Researched new Web development tools and procedures.
Maintained ongoing client communications.
Prepared weekly and monthly reports of website performance.
Identified and worked to remedy ISP issues.
2
Performed regular assessments of factors such as site traffic and demographics.
Monitored daily website operations.
Analyzed website trends and held regular staff meetings to discuss trends
Developed and implemented effective website techniques and procedures
Determined client requirements and guaranteed optimal service
Established client goals and implemented customized website design options
Provided technical support to clients to minimize website downtime
Maintained optimal website performance for client sites
Coordinated website design teams and prepared staffing schedules
Worked extensively with new clients to determine website creation and business needs
Verified that all client websites were sufficiently monitored
Prepared website design specs and coordinated with clients to validate quality work
Allocated staff resources to meet client demands about website maintenance. DEVELOPER/MULTIMEDIA DEVELOPER DISH 10/2003 – 11/2007 Used HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Flash movies, and responsive design frameworks while delivering high-quality websites and applications, optimized user experiences, and collaborating effectively with cross-functional teams to meet project goals. I was responsible for the design and construction of websites. Validated the site changes, met business expectations by looking good, running smoothly, making accurate changes, and offering easy access points without loading issues between pages or error messages. INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER/DEVELOPER TEK SYSTEMS 5/2002 – 10/2003 Created Computer-based training for national deployment. Managed quality control processes. Assessed various cutting-edge technologies to determine the correct application. Consulted with SME’s. INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER/DEVELOPER COMMTECH INTERNATIONAL 1/1997 – 5/2002 Project management, including budget analysis, time analysis, need analysis, and overall project timelines for Fortune 500 companies, including AT&T, Qwest, and Lucent Technologies. Responsible for computer-based training life cycle stage, including identifying key learning objectives, storyboarding, implementation, and support. Developed and maintained the company’s internal website. Graphic design using Adobe and Macromedia tools. I was a tech support engineer after the final implementations. Education
University of Northern Colorado
Western State College
Aprasia Learning
Contact this candidate