TAKELE GASHAW
Herndon, VA ***** 202-***-**** ad6u5r@r.postjobfree.com
Detail-oriented, organized and meticulous employee. Works at fast pace to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic team player ready to contribute to company success. Successful at optimizing security standards, improving planning processes and managing systems implementation. Knowledgeable about disaster recovery planning, roadmapping and team development. Strategic Information Technology Manager skilled in guiding navigation of modern technology. Accustomed to driving efficiency and effectiveness by developing, delivering and supporting strategic plans. Demonstrated skill in translating technical requirements to business solutions. Successful -year record of building positive relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Solution-driven adept at contributing to highly collaborative work environment, finding solutions and determining customer satisfaction. Proven experience developing consumer-focused websites using HTML, CSS, PHP and JavaScript. Built products for desktop and mobile app users over years, meeting highest standards for web design, user experience, best practices and speed. Designed and developed web applications across multiple APIs, third-party integrations and databases. Results-driven IT professional with notable success in planning, analysis and implementation of security initiatives. Strengths in providing comprehensive network design and security frameworks.Cybersecurity Specialist with proficiency in online security research, planning, execution and maintenance. Skilled at training internal users on security procedures and preventive measures.Ready to help team achieve company goals. Network Administration
Root Cause Analysis
Information Technology Industry Knowledge
Preventative Maintenance
Information Auditing
Wire Shark Software
Vulnerability and Penetration Testing
Compliance with Security Requirements
Developing Security Plans
Designing Security Controls
Security Evaluation
Security Maintenance
JavaScript,,Documentation, Certification and
Accreditation, Splunk SIEM
Information Security Analyst, 09/2022 - Current
ABM Aviation – Virginia
Monitored use of data files and regulated access to protect secure information. Encrypted data and erected firewalls to protect confidential information. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
SKILLS
WORK HISTORY
Performed risk analyses to identify appropriate security countermeasures. Participated in internal audits regarding quality management system. Organized system operating procedures to strengthen controls. Installed system updates to address vulnerabilities and reduce security issues. Analyzed existing systems and databases and recommended enhancements to solve business needs Educated stakeholders on data protection tactics to reduce breaches. Developed diagrams to describe and lay out logical operational steps. Administered and maintained anti-virus and anti-malware software on end-user computing devices. Provided recommendations regarding new hardware and software to keep IT infrastructure up to date. Information Technology Entry, 11/2019 - 11/2021
ABM Security Services – Virginia
Established requirements and developed tailored methodology to bolster management decision support reporting.
Monitored employee tasks, evaluating information processing and performance to gauge business functions and inefficiencies.
Investigated and addressed system issues to enhance usability and improve functionality. Developed flowcharts and diagrams to describe and lay out logical operational steps. Delivered in-depth training, imparting knowledge of best practices for protecting data and minimizing errors.
Installed, modified and repaired software and hardware to resolve technical issues. Assisted computer users with technical issues remotely and at workstations. Supported efficient use of available computer terminals and network access by coordinating schedules. Configured and implemented IT initiatives to produce measurable business value. Developed diagrams to describe and lay out logical operational steps Organized system operating procedures to strengthen controls Established requirements to bolster management decision support reporting Monitored employee tasks to gauge business functions and inefficiencies Analyzed existing systems and databases and recommended enhancements to solve business needs Improved systems with addition of new features and infrastructure Collaborated with upper management to drive strategy and implement new processes Communicated and explained business requirements to team members to understand and implement functional demands
Bachelor of Science: Information Technology, 08/2022 Strayer University - Washington DC
Natural Science: Animal Science, 06/2015
Range Managements - Ethiopian
EDUCATION
Used Microsoft Excel to develop inventory tracking spreadsheets. Created daily database reports to identify and mediate potential vulnerabilities. Trained end users on proper security protocol to minimize cybersecurity attacks. Resolved product issue through consumer testing.
Project Management strayer university
Visiting new palaces through out the world .
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
AFFILIATIONS
TRAVELLING
Contact this candidate