Eric Totouom, P. Eng, PMP
Phone: 514-***-****
ad6u0a@r.postjobfree.com ca.linkedin.com/pub/eric-totouom-ing/25/b22/383/

PROFILE

Senior IT Project manager with extensive experience in leading the development, integration, testing, certification and deployment of software applications. Very focused on achieving results while respecting budget and schedule. Offer a range of expertise in, customer service support and leadership in managing complex projects and multidisciplinary and remote teams. PMP certified, masters all modern principles of project/program management in “Agile” and “Waterfall” methodologies. Inspirational and cooperative leader, I am an accomplished negotiator with a calm attitude who brings people together to achieve common goals.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Experis Inc. On Mandate at Rio Tinto Canada, Montreal, QC Since Aug 2022
Senior IT Project Manager Remote
Accomplishments:
Lead the deployment of ERP (SAP, Oracle) applications and solutions:
Deployment of the Rio Tinto SAP solution (Finance (FICO), payroll, HR, Sales and Distribution (SD), Assets management, Production planning (PP), Warehouse, concur, Ariba, Fiori) to new major entities and remote sites. Lead activities from initiation until go-live and post-delivery support using SAP activate methodology.
Implementation of SAP payroll solution to a Rio Tinto entity in replacement of existing but obsolete application. Lead the Feasibility workshops, Gates 1 (planning) and 2 (design) achieved.
Successful Implementation of a 3rd party solution (payreq) to enable employees to view pay slips online.
Deployment of Oracle Transport Module (OTM) to a Rio Tinto entity
Roles & Responsibilities:
Analyze and validate customer needs, Establish the “roadmap”
Control deadlines, manage the budget and resources
Coordinate the work of team members
Properly communicate progress and issues to stakeholders
Manage the interdependencies between its projects and other projects
Identify risks and find proactive solutions to reduce them
Maintain excellent relationships with clients and monitor progress
Be the point of contact between customers and the development team

Experis Inc. On Mandate at Pratt & Whitney Canada, Longueil, QC Feb-Aug 2022
Senior IT Project Manager, Digital Transformation Remote
Accomplishments:
Lead the deployment of SAP applications and solutions:
SAP Portal upgrade from 7.4 to 7.5, a 2.5M program. Gates 1 (planning) and 2 (design) achieved. Implementation on Development and QA platforms completed. Unit testing in progress
SAP Content Server implementation to store large file attachments. Gates 2 (design), gate 4 (testing) and go-live achieved

Esterline CMC Electronics Inc - Montreal, QC Aug 2017 – Jan 2022
Program Manager, Software Flight Management System
Accomplishments:
Led a multidisciplinary team of up to 45 engineers for the design, implementation, testing and certification of CMC Electronics next generation of Flight Management System, a program of more than 20 million $ budget with team members located in 3 countries (Canada, US, India).
Managed the delivery of many FMS software upgrades to product line most important customers.
Represented CMC to the aerospace Green House Gas reduction committee led by the government.

Responsibilities:
Develop, execute, and monitor progress to ensure that program meets its commitments and objectives.
Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with Product Management, senior management and stakeholders (inter-co, suppliers, customers, marketing department, etc…).
Develops and maintains the program schedule and plans to track project milestones and sequence of activities that encompass all deliverables and resources required to achieve the objectives of quality, time and cost.
Identify program risks and develop and monitor risk mitigation actions for the program.
Define project success criteria and identify and manage project dependencies and critical path.
Prepare and manage capital expense requisitions to secure the necessary funding for facility and equipment.
Proactively manage changes in program’s scope or performance, identify potential issues, and devise contingency plans from conception to completion.
Develop and deliver accurate reports to senior management as required on program status, cost, schedule, risks, staffing, profitability and performance.
Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work.
Coordinate potential programs definition and estimation activities.

Safran Electronics and Defense Canada - Peterborough, ON May 2016 – Aug 2017
Manager, Software Engineering
Accomplishments:
Manage and provide leadership to all activities of the SW group (up to 35 contractors and permanents employees) towards the development, validation, verification and release of embedded software solutions for control systems, Use SCRUM and other Agile project management principles.
Manage the outsourcing of make/buy and other intellectual services related to the SW group activities, Lead the outsourcing and management of 3-5 Million $ contracts to s/w engineering services suppliers in Canada and abroad (India, USA).
Responsibilities:
Manage the career development of the SW group team including mentoring and performance evaluation of company personnel. This includes development of core technical skills required for the SW coding and process disciplines - including coaching, training, career planning and mentoring,
Direct, plan and lead the certification SW development according to RTCA DO-l 78B/C or other standards as required by the customer specifications.
Manage the SW group deliverables, milestones and other activities to meet customer deadlines and complete projects within budgetary constraints,
Establish, manage and maintain the SW Group's Engineering Design Manual (EDM) and Engineering Operational Procedures (EOP's) and processes ensuring they are current and meet the requirements of FAA, EASA and TC certification standards and guidelines,
Prepare estimates, schedules, technical/development plans and provide information for bids when required,
Interact with customer management teams to ensure understanding of product and system specifications.
Selection and maintenance of the tools and licenses for all SW engineering disciplines,
Regular reporting of the group's performance and activities, striking facts, issues and identified risks as required by the project and/or by the Director of Engineering,

Aversan Inc. On mandate at Honeywell Aerospace Canada - Mississauga, ON August 2015 – March 2016
Senior Project Engineer
Responsible of risks, schedule, resources and budget management for the Engineering team on the B737 MAX ECS (Environment Control System) including software development process using the DO-178B standard.
Ensured that the Engineering teams schedule, budget and resources were in line to support program’s needs
Prepared weekly program’s milestones status report for senior management and the customer. Helped improve milestones achievement success rate by 30%.

Bombardier Aeronautics - Montreal, QC July 2013 - August 2015
Test lead, Global 7000/8000 ground tests (March-August 2015)
Lead the overall execution of the tests on the Integrated System Test Control Rig (ISTCR) of the Global 7000/8000 business Jet development Program to reach ground tests program targets (time, quality, earn value).
Conducted DMMs (Daily meetings will all stakeholders, up to 40 people (senior management, System engineering, Suppliers, program management)) to get adherence of all players to the test plan and the priorities.
First point of contact for any issue on the rig. Lead the Andon team to resolve issues.

Senior program analyst, risk management (July 2013 - February 2015)
Responsible of the risk management process on the CSeries aircraft program, a 4.5 billion dollars new aircraft program with 1500+ employers and hundreds of suppliers around the world.
Ensured that all risks and opportunities in the program are identified, documented, prioritized and addressed appropriately
Coordinated all activities related to the management of risks and opportunities on the program. Generate risks management monitoring reports for program's senior management and the company’s financial risk management organization.
Maintained and improved risks register and tools used for risk management (Excel, Microsoft Access)
Contributed to a Kaizen effort to find ways to ensure that the Cseries program suppliers respect their budgets, found ways to recover budget wrongly charged to the program by some suppliers. The team was able to identify more than 50 million USD that could be recovered.
Implemented and maintained key performance indicators for the risk management process (program risk level, turn-around time, productivity, mitigation plan quality). Helped improve the performance of the teams by 10-15% on average.

CAE Inc - Montreal, QC January 1999 - March 2013
Group leader Simulation product deployment (June 2006 – March 2013)
Accomplishments:
Supervised a team of 15-20 engineers (integration specialists, test engineers) and technicians responsible of the integration, validation and installation at the customer site of flight simulation products: More than 45 deliveries of simulation products during the fiscal year 2013
Built CAE expertise in the tests of maintenance activities (Aircraft Maintenance Manuals (AMM), Troubleshooting manuals (TSM)) on simulation products.
Lead a multi-disciplinary team during a brainstorming session of five days (Kaizen) on improving the execution of projects. Improve execution key performance indicators results by 30%.
Created a team of integration specialists based in India to support remotely projects in Montreal

Monitored the execution of projects in accordance with requirements, schedule and budget. Daily management of employee’s priorities and workload.
Support all projects phases: estimation, design, planning, definition, development and evaluation by customers and / or regulatory authorities (FAA, CMOT, EASA, etc...) and after-sales.

Integration Specialist (July 2001 - July 2006)
Lead integration activities (hardware and software) on various Full Flight Simulator (FFS) projects/programs (B737, A330/340), the first A380 FFS and migration of simulator main computer complex to new technology platforms (new OS, new h/w architecture)

Navigation System Engineer Military (January 1999 - July 2001)
Design, development, integration and testing of radio navigation systems on military projects in accordance with ISO 9001 and NATO secret.

EDUCATION

Bachelor degree in electrical engineering, computer science option from Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal (1998)
Preparation for the PMI Risk Management Certification (PMI-RMP) from SimpliLearn (December 2015)
Python programming level III certificate from John Abbot College, Montreal, Canada (January 2024)
SAP Certified Associate - Implementation Consultant - SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition from SAP (In progress – Expected July 2024)

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Leadership skills:
PMI PMP (Project Management Professional) certified
Inspirational, servant leadership, Effective communication and delegation, Teamwork and motivation.
The political meaning in business. Negotiation skills. Accent client in a culturally diverse environment
Six Sigma green belt training. Continuous improvement.
Setting SMART goals for employees. Employee’s performance evaluation.
Customer support and management. Customer facing experience

Technical knowledge:
Microsoft office suite, Microsoft 365. Macros programming using Visual Basic for Excel and Access
Oracle Primavera Advanced training by Gestion Proxima
Project management (schedule, resource and budget) using Microsoft project or Primavera: Critical path analysis, Resource leveling, earn value computation
Software development using Agile methodology: sprints, Scrums, continuous development, integration and testing
Managing projects requirements with software DOORS
Teams, Jira, Zoom, Slack, Skype, GoToMeeting, Mural
Programming in C, C + +, Fortran, Pascal, Assembler, scripts
Microsoft Azure architecture, management and governance. Cloud computing. Data integration, data migration, and data warehousing.

ASSOCIATION

Member of the Order of Engineers of Quebec. Active member of the promotion of the engineering profession committee.
Represent OIQ at several meetings with high school students or College to promote the engineering profession.
Member of PMI (Project Management Institute) Montreal’s chapter

INTERESTS

Stock trading: Swing trading for 20 years (stocks, options, forex). Provide training on how to use Interactive Broker trading Platform
Reading, Soccer, travel, new technologies (Generative AI, Python Programming, Microsoft Copilot), flight simulation technologies
Contact this candidate