Michael Giffey
**** * *******
Pompano Beach FL *3006
Phone 630-***-****
E-mail ad6yyw@r.postjobfree.com

Profile

I hold certificates as an AS/400 Specialist and Programmer from Moraine Valley College and have been involved in the Information Technology field for 20+ years. I am hardworking and possess excellent working habits. I am skilled in collaborating with inter-departmental managers and staff on short and long-range system solutions. Extremely capable in translating and anticipating user needs. Able to quickly master and implement new technologies. Highly aggressive and motivated, resulting in a consistent high level of service and quality. Always maintain a high energy level with the ability to adapt to change and pressure. Work extremely well with users and all levels of management. Have trained client personnel to better manage IS department and implement effective procedures and standards.
Some of the highlights of my career include my many years’ experience with the RPGILE environment, interactive and batch FTP processing, subfile programming expertise, using embedded SQL to create user defined applications, and extensive knowledge of change management (Implementer). Certified as an OutSystems Platform developer.

Professional experience

Professional experience continued

01/20 - Current Halfman Consulting West Palm, FL
Computer Consultant
Outsystems Low-code development
Database designer for financial system - BBB
Created self-rendering software
Designed and developed software to manage personal financials - BBB
Embedded CSS
Phone camara enabled with imaging system
Bank linking
Email enabled

06/18 – 10/19 Federal Heath Willow Brook, IL
Computer Consultant
Contract involved getting their old Cobol and AS400 programs to perform at a better speed to meet users needs. I changed the main programs using embedded SQL which increased system speed dramatically. Manufacturing business.

07/17 – 05/18 A1 Flooring Downers Grove, IL
Office Manager/Consultant
Contract involved networking all PCs in the shop.
Due to their limited resources I created an Access application to further track all the companies billing and incoming orders.

11/15-05/17 IT Associates Lombard, IL
Senior Programmer/Consultant
Dearborn National needed to change their system to allow for new regulations in the insurance industry. This involved interaction with upper management to determine which regulations changed. It was determined that all children to the age of 25 would have to be covered under original polices. This resulted in major system changes within their applications. All new enhancements used the latest technologies offered by the IBM platform using RPG free, SQL, Procedures, Service Programs, Binary Directories.

03/03 – 08/15 Superior Carriers Oak Brook, IL
Senior Programmer/Analyst and Project Lead
Designing, writing, testing, and installing new applications using RPGILE, SQL, and CL.
Created standard shell programs for all subfile and window programs.
Maintained and enhanced existing AR, AP, GL, Payroll, HR, and Distribution systems.
Created monthly 401K interface.
Created Rail Transit application
Responsible for Training/Supporting all rail transit terminals in Rail Transit Software
Created work flow integrating Vanguards Imaging System
Integrated system to work with CODA accounting system
Created and implemented web applications using IBM Rational Business Developer
Created Web/Phone/Mobile device applications using OutSystems Created OutSystems App to enable easier flow across US border.
Ceated Outsystems App to handle seal processing within Rail Transit application.

02/99 – 09/02 Hub Group Lombard, IL
Responsible for creating and maintenance new software
invoicing and billing software in TPS. Intermodal Transportation business.

02/98 – 02/99 Mortice Kern Systems Lombard, IL
AS400 Consultant. Software development of Implementer Change Management System

01/97 – 01/98 Idea Solve, Inc. Westmont, IL
Software programmer

03/95 – 02/97 Physicians Service Center Lombard, IL
Medical billing

Languages, Packages, Software, Hardware

Very Knowledgeable: RPGILE, RPG400, RPGIII, CL, Visual RPG, Implemeter, Design Tracker, Project Manager, Query 400, SQL, DDS, SDA, PDM, RLU, FTP, DBU, Hawkeye, Total400, Sequel, Visio, CSS, HTML, MS Office, OutSystems Platform, IBM AS/400, and IBM Compatible PC’s
Familiar: JAVA, C, Cobol, Visual Basic, Infinium, Gentran, Client Access, Code400, and Windows NT
Education

1983 – 1987 Brother Rice High School Diploma
1987 – 1988 Lewis University Business Management
1992 – 1993 Columbia College Graphic Arts
1994 – 1995 Moraine Valley College AS400 Specialist
AS400 Programmer
1999 Common Conference RPGIV Programming
ILE Concepts
Advanced SQL
Integrated File System
Batch FTP
Introduction to JAVA
2001 Lakeview Solutions Introduction to ILE
AS400 Performance Tuning

References

Available upon request
Contact this candidate