Steve Betancur
IT Senior Project Manager Cloud Infrastructure
Masters’ Certification in Cloud Systems Engineering
PMP Certified
Scrum Certified
CompTIA Cloud Certified

** Previously provided IT Project Management storage & Cloud Migration solutions for clients like CDW, Franklin Templeton, CVS Health, and UniBank **

Summary:
Seasoned Senior IT Project Manager with a proven track record of delivering complex, large-scale IT cloud migration projects on time, within budget, and meeting stakeholder expectations. Proficient in employing project management methodologies, exceptional team leadership, and effective stakeholder engagement to drive successful project outcomes. Extensive experience in aligning IT initiatives with business objectives to drive digital transformation.

Highlights:
Successfully completed 25+ Cloud Migration projects including office 365 asset migration onboarding and offboarding for MSP contracts,
Successfully helped transfer 600+ applications as a PM including storage and databases for renowned clients such as CDW Franklin Templeton, Transunion CVS Health, UniBank, and managing Project budgets ranging from $100k up to $10 million with up to 30 project members.
Delivered 10 complex IT projects, including cloud migrations (AWS, Azure) with backups, HA and DR capabilities, on premise server infrastructure, network changes VPN, security networks, Software Development projects mobile and web and AI projects, within budget and on time while working for CDW.
Monitored, audited, and reported metrics in alignment with SOW, SLA, and MSP contracts, ensuring infrastructure project success and team accountability as well as achieved a 35% expense reduction through cost reduction cost optimization projects for Franklin Templeton.
Worked in close collaboration with executive management and clients to define program goals and ensure successful project planning, contract preparation, and key deliverables information including supporting AWS cloud migration projects, delivering efficient cloud services to the organization for UniBank.
Implemented SCRUM Agile methodologies, SAFE, and Waterfall to manage and improve project efficiency track performance and reduce risks using agile tools.
Developed project tracking dashboards using JIRA, ServiceNow, Office 365, and SharePoint, confluence.

Core Competencies & Tech Stack:

·Project Management
·Citrix and VMware virtualization project
·Microsoft Office (Word Excel Access PowerPoint)
·MSP Off boarding and onboarding client Office 365 environments
·Backups, DR, HA projects
·Program Management
·Training, Design & Development
·Portfolio Management
·Risk Management
·Data Privacy & Security
·Microsoft Visio
·ServiceNow
·Migrations
·Storage solutions
·Office 365 migration
·PMBOK Methodology
·Agile Methodologies (Agile, Waterfall)
·Jira Virtualization
·Azure AWS GCP
·Change Management
·Project Development & Execution
·Stakeholder Management
·Cross-Functional Collaboration
SCCM server and configurations

Professional Work Experience
Senior IT Project Manager (Permanent) Mar 22 – Jun 24
CDW, Vernon Hills, IL
Managed high profile projects for large enterprises and midsized clients, from inception to closure for Retail, Government, Finance, Healthcare, Agriculture.
Overlooked multiple projects with budgets up to $8M with teams of up to 12 (Engineers QA Developers DevOps) members.
Delivered 10 complex IT projects, including cloud migrations, servers, office 365, storage backups, DR, Zerto (AWS, Azure), on premise server infrastructure, network changes VPN, security networks, Software Development, QA, and AI projects, within budget and on time.
Implemented SCRUM Agile methodologies, SAFE, and Waterfall to manage and improve project efficiency track performance and reduce risks using agile tools.
Directed cross functional teams while utilizing tools like JIRA, Rally, ServiceNow, MS Project, and Salesforce as a PM
Fostered stakeholder relationships with regular status updates, alignment with expectations, and governance adherence.
Achieved significant cost savings through effective vendor management and contract negotiations.
Increased agile velocity rates by 20% on average per project while maintaining consistency with quality assurance.
Developed and maintained project budgets.
Managed project risks, conducting regular risk assessments and developing mitigation plans to minimize project risks.
Established and maintained project governance, ensuring adherence to company policies and procedures.
Achieved significant cost savings through effective vendor management, contract negotiations, and resource utilization.

Senior IT Project Manager (Permanent) Feb 18 – Mar 22
Franklin Templeton, Baltimore, MD
Led infrastructure, Azure and AWS cloud and software development projects as SCRUM Master for one of the world’s largest investment firms, with a budget of $10M spanning multiple projects.
I managed a dynamic 30-person team including (Office 365 admins, Software Developers, DevOps, System Engineers, cyber security engineers and DBA team for entire agency contract KPI metrics evaluations.
Responsible for project planning, tracking, and timely delivery, maintaining quality of service and SLA adherence.
Managed implementation of new BI systems for investment firms, banks, and new clients
Kept projects on time and met project delivery deadlines.
Involved in Project lifecycle planning and SDLC planning.
Achieved a 35% expense reduction through cost reduction and cost optimization projects.
Developed project tracking dashboards using JIRA, ServiceNow, Office 365, and SharePoint, confluence.
Managed product planning initiatives, project iterations, and releases.
Recruited and trained highly skilled project personnel to meet project demands effectively.
Presented monthly, quarterly, and annual service reports to stakeholders, showcasing managed services and project deliverables.
Tracked KPIs and metrics to identify financial strengths and weaknesses, enabling strategic decision-making.
Monitored, audited, and reported metrics in alignment with SOW, SLA, and MSP contracts, ensuring infrastructure project success and team accountability.

IT Project Manager (Permanent) Nov 13 – Feb 18
UniBank for Savings, Whitinsville, MA
Contributed to effective decision-making with detailed reports on daily operations metrics while achieving KPIs by monitoring activities and implementing proactive actions.
Worked in close collaboration with executive management and clients to define program goals and ensure successful project planning, contract preparation, and key deliverables information.
Played a pivotal role in helping the company maintain IT compliance, efficiency, and profitability, ensuring the availability of IT systems, telecom, Microsoft services AD and group policy for staff use.
Created and defined project scope and SOW documents, facilitating effective decision-making with detailed reports on daily operations metrics and achieving KPIs.
Managed financial services core integration projects, jXchange synergy, and MDM database initiatives for streamlined operations.
Ensured policy compliance for infrastructure auditing, hardening, and configuration standards, mitigating potential risks.
Led the Bank’s first on prem to cloud Office 365 migration and MDM AirWatch mobile policy compliance deployments and configurations with Azure, Intune, and Office 365.
Supported AWS cloud migration projects, delivering efficient cloud services to the organization.
Administered VM hosts, Windows servers, and Telecommunications VOIP servers, optimizing system performance.
Provide storage backups solutions for VMware virtual platforms DR, Veaam backups.

Prior Work Experience
IT Project Coordinator (Contractual) May 13 – Nov 13
CVS Health, Warwick, RI

Project Analyst (Contractual) Mar 08 – May 13
Worldwide Tech Services, Tewksbury, MA

Educational Background:
Master’s Certification in Cloud Systems Engineering, University of Maryland, College Park, MD – 17
Bachelor in Cloud Systems Management, Western Governors University, Salt Lake City, UT – 12
Associates in Financial Services and Accounting, CCRI college of RI - 08

Professional Certifications:
PMP Series 6 Certified
SCRUM certified.
DCSE Expert certified.
Master cloud certified - University of Maryland
CompTIA Cloud Certified
CompTIA A+
Contact this candidate