GUDINA FUFA YADETA
Washington DC, USA
Email: ad72fu@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 240-***-**** Skype: gdina50 Work Authorization: Authorized to Work in United States for any employer/No Visa sponsorship required. Granted residency permit.
Programs and Operations manager
Preferred Industry: Non-profit Biotech Government Pharmaceutical/Information Technology PROFILE SUMMARY
Result oriented, dependable, and open-minded development professional with over 14years of extensive experience on programs and operations management in humanitarian settings and host community development programs with the ability to work both in team and independently. Extensive professional experience in international development and humanitarian programs, senior level leadership, management and technical support with wide network and membership activities at National, Regional, and international level.Versed with development program strategic planning, new program design, start-up, operations and results-based leadership and management including HR and financial management, program review, monitoring and evaluation, people development/training and facilitation, community development as well as partnership building. Led, managed, and coordinated development and relief programs in Ethiopia, Extensive experience with a wide range of partners including Government Agencies, Private Organizations, Local and International NGOs, Civil Society Groups, Community and Faith Based Organizations, Associations of Persons Living with HIV/AIDS, Associations of Persons with Disabilities, and other Most at-risk Populations.
Line managed programs and budgets implemented through a decentralized system of area hubs in Health
,HIV/AIDS,GBV,Nutrition, Education, Child Protection, Migration projects, Water Sanitation and Hygiene(WASH), Food Security and Livelihoods and related areas in International humanitarian and nonprofit organizations such as Plan International, Save the Children, International Medical Corps, ABT Associate Inc, Veterinaries without boarders Germany, Oromia Development association and Rift Valley University. Demonstrated leadership in Humanitarians Operational in Human resource, Admiration, Logistics Procurement financial management and grant. I obtained Masters of Public Health, Masters Degree in Sociology, and Masters Degree in Urban Management.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Analytical Research Projects
Project Management
Programmatic Evaluation
Data Review
Progress Reports
Data Analysis
Technology sales
Statistical Methods
Organizational Leadership
Organizational Representation
Food security
Management
Peer-Reviewed Journal
Nutrition programs
Grants management
Quality Control Programs
Health Programs
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COMPANY NAME: AFRICAN Peace Mediation & reconciliation Institution [APMRI WASHINGTON DC, USA Title: Programs and Operations Manager 07/01/ 2018- 05/17/ 2022 Analyzes client project processes, systems, and administrative procedures, developing improvement recommendations presented to key senior stakeholders. Collaborates with client subject matter experts and managers to design operational contingency plans, communicating strategies to leaders and securing budget. Leads client projects, conducting weekly trainings and site visits to facilitate programs and operations.
Organize programs and activities in accordance with the mission and goals of the organization.
Develop new programs to support the strategic direction of the organization.
Developed 8 proposals and delivered 5 quarters report, managed budget portfolio of $1million. COMPANY NAME Plan International
Title Programs Manager Location Ethiopia 01/ 08/ 2017 – 05/18/2019 Managed Regional Development and Protection Program (RDPP), stakeholder engagement with RDPP client to review and update resource documents, editing and critiquing policies, procedures, and delegations of authority to project team members. Assessed client operational documentation, ensuring compliance with regulations, government policy, and internal standard operating procedures.
Evaluated usage, compliance, and stakeholder requirements to create document risk scores, developing recommendations to retain, revise, or retire resource documentation.
Helped build training plans to increase adoption of style guidelines, templates, and workflow processes.
Collaborated with client subject matter expert to develop system implementation plans, deploying knowledge management program framework.
Coordinated and facilitated the task of multi-stakeholder actions to support refugees and host communities for sustainable future in Ethiopia.
Managed budget of Plan international program share of 2.5 million Euro, line managed finance and grant.
Schedule and attend meetings and teleconferences with program staff, write meeting summaries, and edit and develop briefing documents.
Assist with preparation of PowerPoint presentations. COMPANY NAME International Medical Corps-IMC Location Ethiopia 07/01/2016 – 08/28/2017 Title Programs Manager Refugee Operations
Directly managed the creation and implementation of program policies, procedures, and budget, ensuring smooth operation of the pilot project .Wrote grant proposals and reported on performance against grant/contract plans, satisfying donors. Evaluated policies adopted by program leadership and recommended needed changes.
Expertly directed the implementation of Thematic programs, Quality Improvement Project for nutrition,Mental health, food security and economic engagement program by structuring project plans, overseeing schedules, and controlling budget
Created project plan (including deliverables and schedule), drafted analytical reports, and assisted management in interpreting reports to improve program delivery.
Monitored pilot project, built rapport with the project team, identified budget and volunteer-related issues, and modified policies and procedures, ensuring compliance with grant sponsors’ and Donors guidelines.
Developed framework and guidelines for future programs, facilitating their implementation of SOP.
Managed program in Mental health and psychosocial support, Nutrition, GBV, WaSH
Led team of 9 programs and operational staffs directly and 270 staffs indirectly.
Managed and supervised the Grants for USAID, UNHCR, WFP, BPRM, OFDA, ECHO programs.
Work closely with members of the programs, projects, and task orders to advance grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and product development-related activities and requests from the extramural community for research resources and information (e.g. database related information, research resources, meeting logistics and organization, minutes, communications).
Organize, track, and manage projects, timelines, websites, communications, and activities related to the implementation of projects associated with grants, cooperative agreements and contracts for basic research, translational, preclinical and clinical studies and trials.
Participate in initiative planning meetings, and assist in development of R&D solicitations/Funding Opportunity Announcements.
Delivered quarterly reports, including programmatic data and surveys for 5 thematic programs.
Managed budget of 7.8 million USD
COMPANY NAME Save the Children International Location Ethiopia 06/01/2015 – 07/012016 Title Programs Operations Manager
Managed Safety net Project, Development food assistance program, Health and Nutrition program, Constriction of Water and sanitation facilities, HR and administration,Logistics and procurement. directing all operational activities by collaborating with filed team, and data management and reporting. Monitored health research and nutrition studies, assisting project monitoring and evaluation, and reports.
Interviewed stakeholders, summarized meetings, reviewed grants, and developed analytical reports, eliciting legislative changes.
Coordinated with consortium team on safety net, Ensured maintenance of data and organizational resources.
Supported the development of an organizational culture that reflects Save the Children's dual mandate, values, promotes accountability and high-performance, and encourages a team culture of learning, creativity, and innovation.
Facilitate meeting organization, logistics, communications and other similar activities.
Assist with completing forms such as the FACTS worksheet for foreign field sites, coordinating protocol reviews, archiving, version tracking, and IRB documents.
Provide organizational support via computer-based systems.
Provide assistance on a variety of special projects.
Managed budget of 6.9 million USD
Line managed 8 programs and 8 operational team
COMPANY NAME Abt -Associates Inc. Location Ethiopia 01/01/2014 – 06/01/2015 Title Technical Specialist-Health care financing reform/Governance Provided technical support to Federal ministry of health, produced health policy for the Federal ministry of health, liaising with subject matter experts to conduct research on emergency health management and hospital reform.
Identified emergency management public policy trends, crunching data to recommend policy updates.
Created project scope, set timelines, and identified deliverables, coordinating cross-functional teams to meet deadlines and requirements. Drafted and edited proposals.
Advised FEMA leadership on training review process and documentation, improving emergency management policies and procedures that were being revised and adopted.
Led and supported contribution collection works of Federal Health Insurance Agency, support timely collection of Health Insurance contribution from Members in Ethiopia.
Generated revenue of 800million ETB in social health insurance scheme. COMPANY NAME Veterinaries Sans Frontiers-Germany Location Ethiopia 12/01/2013 – 12/01/2013 Title Operations Manager
Led coordination of joint initiative between UNOCHA and VSF-Germany, cash based food distribution program, procured pharmaceutical equipments, medicines
Worked closely with programs and operational teams, medical staff, and researchers throughout project lifecycle, including project requirement gathering, assessment, and protocol design.
Ensured project compliance with Food and Drug Administration, good clinical practice, and standard operating procedures by evaluating site operations and research data in FAO programs.
Managed Human resource management and office administration.
Ensured that all staff contracts are in line with the Ethiopian labor law.
Line managed 4 programs and 2 operational staff. COMPANY NAME Save the Children USA
Title Emergency Operations Coordinator 2012 - 2012
Ensured that management of Human Resources, Office Administration, Logistics and fleet management, Procurement, Security and Communications are effectively coordinated.
Support program implementation across 4 refugee camps.
Managed Human resource management and office administration.
Ensured that all staff contracts are in line with the Ethiopian labor law. COMPANY NAME Oromia Development Association
Title Programs Operations Manager Ethiopia 2010 - 2012
Ensured program is utilized in standard protocols, policies and guidelines as prescribed by the MoH and CSO.
Coordinated team members, district health offices and facilities for implementing the project activities.
Constructed 41 primary schools, 2 veterinary clinics, 22 cattle traps, 4 boreholes and 2 deep well waters.
COMPANY NAME Emmanuel Development Association
Title WASH &Education program Manager Ethiopia 2009 - 2010
Managed WASH project implementation in Akaki sub-city
Responsible for designing and implementation of WASH surveys and evaluations, project design, budgeting, proposal writing and management as requested.
Developed 1 biogas and 2 adult literacy community schools. COMPANY NAME Rift Valley University College
Title Chief Registrar and Instructor Ethiopia 2005 - 2008
Led Admissions and placement, arranges orientation program for freshman students at the beginning of each academic year.
Scheduling and assigning instructors.
Processing of Credentials, Diplomas, Degrees and student transcript. EDUCATION
The catholic University American -Bachelor degree in information technology -ongoing
Alemaya University 1999-2002.Bachleor of Education in social science.
University of Gondar 2014 – 2016, Master of Public Health -MPH in Nutrition
Ethiopian Civil Service University 2008 – 2010, Masters Degree, Urban Management, Ethiopia
Indira Gandhi National Open University 2006 – 2008, Master, Master of Arts - MA, Sociology TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS
University of Maryland, Baltimore County-2022, Information Technology Certificate(tech-sales)
Johns Hopkins University 2016 – 2018, Masters Level Certificate In Global Health, USA
La Roche University 2018 Certificate, International Humanitarian Aid & Development, USA
Middlebury Institute of International Studies 2019, Certificate in Project management, Designed and innovation, International Development studies, USA TECHNICAL SKILLS
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), outlook, office 365, WebEx, SharePoint, My SQL Oracle and SAP
Contact this candidate