AHMED HASSABALLA, MBA
**** * **** **, *******, TX 77009
512-***-****
ad72v6@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE
Summary
Experienced & motivated finance professional with outstanding analytical and communication skills, a broad range of accounting, finance & administration management experience and a proven track record of improving the efficiency & reliability of controls, processes & systems, while impacting corporate profitability through reducing costs and negotiating innovative & successful outcomes. Experience Overview:
• International assignments in Canada, China, Singapore & UK.
• Accounting – international, domestic, upstream, fixed assets.
• Budgeting & Forecasting – business unit, gross partner and corporation level.
• Treasury – credit, insurance, cash & banking, foreign exchange, intercompany debt, dividends.
• Audit – external, internal, partner, vendor and development of compliance to internal and external control reporting.
• Downstream Logistics Operations & IT Systems Control.
• Commercial Negotiations – foreign audit settlements, banking services fee reductions, office leases.
• Mergers & Acquisitions – Canada ~$2B acquisition, China~$1B acquisition, UK ~$500M and LATAM~1.5B acquisition.
• Corporate Governance – board meetings, resolutions, policies & procedure standardization.
• Executive – review of actual & forecasted financials with Executive Management.
• External – preparation of earnings releases, financial statement footnotes and review of 10K/Q and annual reporting.
• Systems – SAP accounting system ERP implementation, consolidation tools implementation, SAP FICO, CO/PO, and MM.

General Electric Co. Aug 2005 – Present
Sr Director Finance/Regional Controller GE Power June 2017 – Present
Sr. Finance Manager/Regional Controller GE Energy-Drilling Service Upstream June 2015 – June 2017
7 Staff ~ $1.5B Revenue Division

Coordinate business planning and budgeting process, delivering financial input and financial integrity of the business plan that would achieve 15% growth in revenues consecutively over 5 years, while keeping expenses at historical levels.
Led the BU though financial restructuring, and cost reduction by 30%, value of the BU increased by 3x in 4 years.
Restructured finance department and streamlined processes resulting in annual $470K savings for the company.
Led transitional efforts and final accounting of $1.5B acquisitions for LATAM, Asia divisions. Optimize order to cash KPIs and processes with net billing benefit of $27 million a year.
Business process optimization, improving ROI through the development of reusable assets. Optimizing COE by centralizing resources and leading finance transformation value added shared service/COE thru standardization, guidance and governance.
Standardize, consolidate, optimize, automate the order to cash and procure to pay workflow across the BU.
Develop strategy and identify opportunities for value creation, driving margin optimization by 30%.
Leverage operational efficiencies, cost optimization, capital deployment, and engineering practices.
Partner with Executive Management to develop growth strategy for securing a 25% increase in revenues.
Ensure targets are linked to business strategy and there is clear understanding of business financials, latest estimates, and comparable benchmarks. Manage/implement Revenue Recognition ASC 606, Lease accounting 842 implementation, U. S. GAAP, IFRS, SEC reporting requirements and internal controls over financial reporting.
Identify any deficiencies or inefficiencies, make recommendations to correct issue and oversee implementation of corrections on management approval. Develop and implement all policies, procedures, systems and best practices for the purpose of maintaining accurate financial information.
Develop and deliver timely, transparent and commercially insightful analysis, enabling the business to track and drive progress to performance targets.
Support the business in terms of identifying and assessing risks. Assessing cost drivers and provide management information that creates the cost transparency to drive business improvement.
Interface and led Finance Operations teams in US, Singapore, Canada and Tewkesbury, UK particularly on transactional level accounting processes, preparing financial statements, improving accounting policies, leading practices and procedures to ensure US GAAP and IFRS compliance.
Finance Manager/Controller GE Energy 5 Staff ~ $1.5B Revenue Division June 2012 – June 2015

Advise management on key financial issues and financial performance. Business partner with Drilling Systems management. Improve margins to 20%, reduce costs by 15% annually and improve utilization.
Responsible for managing capital projects for North America and Eastern Hemisphere PSL region.
Analysis of the key elements of opportunities, and continuous improvement using Six Sigma, lean manufacturing.
Improve revenue recognition by $45M annually, inventory turnover, and cash to conversion cycle.
Designed and implemented new systems to drive efficiencies in scheduling, invoicing, and reporting, increased operating margin from 15% to 28%.
Elevate cash flow growth to ensure strategy alignment and transparency impact on cash conversion cycle.
Develop strategy and identify opportunities for short and medium term value creation, driving daily margin optimization, annual planning and appraisal process to ensure the improvement is delivered and also develop the medium term Value Growth Plan to ensure a robust funnel of value growth opportunities is in place.
Monthly and Quarterly close and margin analysis reporting to ensure financial reporting requirements are accurate and submitted in a timely manner. Develop and deliver commercially insightful analysis and appraisal of the Manufacturing margin.
In-depth financial analyses and modeling as opportunities arise. Advice on the accounting implications of business contracts, issues and decisions.
Elevate financial discussions with the business to influence and drive business performance and value creation, with particular focus on cash flow growth to ensure strategy alignment and transparency impact on cash, working capital and other financial metrics.
Preparation of financial reports, margin analysis and monthly scorecards. Coordinates development of accounting policies and procedures.
Prepares and administers the budget and business plans for drilling PSL departments. Review the monthly LTF, commentaries and associated analysis of variances. Perform analysis and advice on how to improve margins, reduce costs and increase productivity.
Responsible for managing capital projects for North America and Eastern Hemisphere PSL region. Led capital projects meetings to evaluate capital optimization, and identifying potential business opportunities.
Finance Manager GE Aerospace 5 Staff ~ $1B Revenue Division June 2008 – June 2012

Maintain internal control compliance, sampling and continuous improvement at operational facilities. Monthly and Quarterly close and financial statement preparation.
Develop profit planning and cost structure models to allow management to make pricing and other decisions.
Coordinate preparation of annual business plan and budget. Prepare monthly reports, long range planning and cash forecasting, and recommendation on company performance.
Provide strategic support through research, modeling and due diligence for M&A transactions of $500M, and potential financings alternatives. Manages the joint venture partner Finance interface.
Coordinates financial communication between PSL controller and operations regarding impact on PSL financial results. Develop and deliver timely, transparent and commercially insightful analysis, enabling the business to track and drive progress to performance targets.
Analysis of the key elements of opportunities, and continuous improvement including capturing risk items, key sensitivities, and high level review of expenses, capital and cost structure assumptions.
Maintain internal control compliance, sampling and continuous improvement at operational facilities. Performs complex account reconciliations and associated analysis and recommends accounting-related process improvements.
Finance Manager GE Aerospace 3 Staff ~ $2B Revenue Division Aug 2006 – June 2008
Monthly close, and financial reporting compliance with GAAP and company accounting policies.
Leverage high-value insights centered around operational efficiencies, cost optimization, capital deployment, and engineering practices.
Complete review and update internal control reporting under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act., annual reports to shareholders, proxy statements, tax compliance and & SOX 404.
Manage the preparation and coordination of Form 10-K and 10-Q filings. Assist with the interim and annual SEC reporting process.
Develop profit planning and cost structure models to allow management to make pricing and other decisions.
Coordinate preparation of annual business plan and budget. Prepare monthly reports, long range planning and cash forecasting, and recommendation on company performance.
Provide strategic support through research, modeling and due diligence for potential M&A transactions, and potential financings alternatives.
Perform analysis of monthly financial statements and provide manufacturing variance reporting to all levels of Management. Assist other Managers to ensure that the on-going job costing system is accurate.
Weekly review and approval of operating expenses, commodity price forecasting and expense reports. Perform analysis and advice on how to improve margins, reduce costs and increase productivity.

Sr. Analyst GE Healthcare Life Sciences 3 Staff ~ $1B Revenue Division Aug 2005 – Aug 2006
Maintains, loads, updates and reconciles ledger accounts, bank and inventory reconciliations and recommend actions for margin improvement.
Prepared proforma financials, segment profitability, manufacturing margin forecasting and POI analyses for senior management.
Preparation of financial reports, margin analysis and monthly scorecards. Coordinates development of accounting policies and procedures. Drive business performance and value creation.
Participate in external and internal audits and ensure balance sheet accounts are reconciled with supporting documentation.
Manages and monitors revenue recognition, monthly revenue forecasting, inventory turnover, and adjustments.
Maintains, loads, updates and reconciles ledger accounts, bank and inventory reconciliations and recommend actions for margin improvement.
Support marketing by providing proforma financials, segment profitability, manufacturing margin forecasting and POI analyses for senior management.
Complete review and update internal control reporting under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act., annual reports to shareholders, proxy statements, tax compliance and & SOX 404.

Financial Analyst Cargill Inc., 3 Staff ~ $2Bil Revenue Aug 2003 – Aug 2005

Developed product competitive analysis frame, revenue forecast model, and marketing programs.
Month end P&L close duties. Ensure accuracy and timeliness of financial reports.
Financial reporting and analysis for several reports. Developed corporate financial model for strategic planning and financings.
Led revenue management and pricing projects. Designed decision models to analyze production yield, and revenue data. Significantly improved profitability by sales forecast and planning.

Financial Analyst United Capital For Underwriting Co. May 1998 – Aug 2001

Performed and supervised marketing plans to increase their penetration, market share, and revenue.
Provided financial planning, analysis and forecasting for banks and added-value service businesses.
Prepared annual operating budgets and financial statements, and performance analysis.
Provided financial planning forecasting and management, investment management, and cash flow control.
Business planning and forecasting P&L, balance sheet, and other operating reports.

EDUCATION
Fort Hays State University - Hays, KS

M.B.A. Finance (May 2003)
B.B.A. Accounting (May 1998) Commerce & Business Administration College

SPECIAL SKILLS

Adept in AS400 Connections (JD EDWARDS), SAP FI/CO, SAP (BPC), SAP (BW), SAP (BOBJ), Hyperion Planning/Essbase, People soft 7.5 & 8.8, SAP, COGNOS finance, Dynamics AX, D365 Finance and Operations, Microsoft Office. Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing Certification.
Bilingual in Arabic and English, fair French.
Contact this candidate