VENKATA REDDY SEELAM PMP, CSM IT PROJECT MANAGER
972-***-****, Email id: ad74fb@r.postjobfree.com, LinkedIn URL: www.linkedin.com/in/venkata-reddy-seelam/
Summary
● Diligent IT project/program leader with 25+ years of experience enhancing information technology services, solutions delivery and operations across healthcare, insurance, financial services, and securities organizations. ● Specializes in project/program/product/portfolio management, Agile Scrum, Strategic planning and execution, Process improvement, cross-functional team management and Leadership.
● Substantial experience in design, development, maintenance, enhancements, quality assurance, implementation, production support and data engineering using Agile, DevOps and SDLC methodologies/tools in Mainframes, Web, Data warehouse, Big Data, AI/ML and Cloud technology areas.
● Support all stages of technical projects from conceptualization to delivery, applying insight to identify requirements, planning, estimations, monitoring milestones and ensuring end products meet all quality expectations.
● Manage and coordinate with cross-functional project teams of between 10-15 members to ensure timely project delivery and operate with budgets of ~$5M.Skills
Digital Transformation GCP Azure AWS AI/ML Big Data Analytics Big Query Hadoop Hive Apache Kafka Splunk Linux Python Data Warehousing Informatica ETL Teradata Tableau Snowflake DB2 Oracle SOA EPIC Unix Linux Java Selenium XML Web Applications Web Services SoapUI WebSphere Application Server WebSphere MQ ESB IBM Mainframes SFMC ServiceNow Rally Jira DevOps Agile Scrum SDLC Continuous Service Improvement Agile Project Management Vendor Management Risk Management Release Management Test Management & Automation Team Leadership Professional Experience
Cognizant IT Project Manager 08/2016 - Present
CVS Health Corporation Project Manager (02/2021 -Present)
●Manage a team and provide strategies for design, development, system integration, user acceptance testing and implementation of care management system features to improve patient care quality and reduce cost.
●Develop robust suite of health care services and solutions which includes clinical and care management, analytics and other risk-based products.
●Analyze and migrate enterprise data and application from On Prem to Google Cloud Platform by using data engineering methods/tools across multiple portfolios and programs.
●Provide technical solutions to delivery home health services for Medicare population by coordinating with cross functional teams/vendors.
Anthem Inc Project Manager (10/2018 – 01/2021)
●Created cost-effective technical solutions supporting health plans and specialty benefits management needs to improve membership growth and revenue for commercial health plans.
●Managed a team to develop an Ingenio RX pharmacy benefit management system and test multiple applications and portals as part of system integration.
●Supported to delivery and implement Utilization management system features using Azure cloud services.
Health Care Service Corporation Project Manager (09/2016 – 09/2018)
●Managed a team to develop, test and implement web services for consumer facing application using AWS cloud services.
●Proactively managed the change requests for project level scope, schedule and budget changes throughout the project life cycle and delivered it successfully.
●Managed a team supporting a DB2 version upgrade from 9.7 & 10.2 to v.11 and migration from IBM Power7 to IBM Power8 frames in Linux, UNIX, and distributed database server environments across enterprise portfolio applications.

DXC Technology Sr. IT Specialist 02/2008 - 08/2016
Kaiser Permanente Technical Consultant/Manager/Scrum Master (02/2008 -08/ 2016)
●Managed a technical team in the development, quality assurance, maintenance, and implementation of clinical, claims, and pharmacy systems. Also supported membership, health plans, benefits, provider network and billing systems for commercial line of business.
●Supported Medicaid Claims Resolution/Reimbursement for state health plan using MMIS and prior authorization.
●Collaborated with IT and business teams, multi-vendor, and cross-functional teams to advance projects and meet expectations.
●Reported on project status on weekly basis, keeping management and stake holders apprised of status and issues. Identify and resolve and/or escalate issues appropriately in a timely fashion.
●Created, organized and compiled project documents using SharePoint, Share drive and Wiki software.
●Ensured the maintenance of regulatory requirements and membership growth and supported member enrollments, appointments, and provider networks.
DXC Technology/CSC India Pvt Ltd Technical Lead 05/2006 - 02/2008
Transamerica Technical Lead (05/2006 – 02/2008)
●Led technical team to design, develop and implement product/application supporting life insurance policy system features and capabilities.
●Coordinated and effectively communicated with the project team to ensure in-depth understanding of project goals and timely deliverables.
●Created, organized and compiled project documents using SharePoint, Share drive and Wiki software.

Fidelity Information Services IT Specialist 08/1998 - 05/2006
●Delivered risk management solution products, monitored risks, and ensured transaction compliance
●Created and implemented new account verification services, customer setups, check order processing, debit bureau, electronic transaction processing, and payment gateway systems.
●Analyzed complex business requirements to crafted physical solution design document for various applications by collaborating with development team to review information.

CS Software Enterprise Ltd Programmer Analyst 08/1997 - 07/1998
●Developed and tested Y2K compliance for application modules, supported transfer agent activities related to registered ownership, disbursed, reinvested dividends, distributed annual reports, merger, and acquisition services for Equiserve.

Education & Certifications
●Master’s Degree, Software Systems Birla Institute of Technology & Science
●Bachelor’s Degree, Mechanical Engineering National Institute of Technology
●Project Management Professional (PMP) Project Management Institute
●Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Scrum Alliance
Contact this candidate