continued…
SAMUEL GUMBS **** Contentment Loop Kissimmee, FL 34744
H: 786-***-**** C: 954-***-**** ad747l@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/samuelegumbs
IT MANAGER / TECHNOLOGY OPERATIONS
Infrastructure Architecture Program/Project Management Technology Analyst Highly focused, results-oriented IT professional with extensive experience leading and guiding technical teams in implementing mission critical Business Systems and LAN/WAN Network solutions. Adept at overseeing technology improvement initiatives, implementing proven IT policies and procedures that align technology services to meet operational expectations. Proven ability to coordinate internal and external resources, researching, evaluating, and recommending technical solutions to resolve issues and support IT infrastructures. Skilled in forging solid relationships with strategic partners and build consensus across multiple organizational levels to achieve defined objectives. HIGHLIGHTS OF EXPERTISE
IT Operations Planning & Execution
Business Continuity / Disaster Recovery
Database Management / Development
Full Life Cycle Project Management
Vendor & Supplier Relationship Management
System Design & Implementation
Enterprise Architecture & Deployment
Budget Management & Administration
Technology Roadmap Development
Team Leadership, Training & Mentoring
CAREER SUMMARY
ANSE CHASTANET HOTEL / JADE MOUNTAIN RESORT, Soufriere, St. Lucia Recruited to oversee development and ongoing maintenance of high-volume IT / Telecommunications networks for all corporate and hotel/resort operations, updating and enhancing IT polices to maintain secure and reliable platform. IT MANAGER (2018 to Present)
Provide hands-on expertise in setting up and configuring such primary systems as Property Management System
(Opera), Point of Sale System (Micros-Simphony), and the Accounting Backoffice System (Sage). Establish strong vendor relations, negotiating and restructuring contracts to reduce costs while ensuring compliance with PCI-DSS and GDPR policy standards. Coordinate the planning and completion of a wide range of complex system build/telecom improvement projects, including the build-out of fiber-optic network, Guest Wifi network, and IPSec VPN tunnels to support corporate office and offsite locations. Track, monitor, and report system metrics to senior leadership.
Credited for reducing IT expenses by 35% by renegotiating Telcom contracts regarding Mobile, DIA/T1 leased circuits.
Reduced overall resort printing costs by 40% by deploying a more efficient centralized printing solution.
Maintain 98% system uptime by building in redundancy to ensure internet, VPN, and IPsec connectivity.
Led team in configuring/managing all Cisco Meraki Wireless access points and Switches, Payment Gateway, Cisco Call Manager and Avaya IP Office 500.
Configured and deployed Fortigate High Availability Firewall infrastructure and Hyper V Infrastructure.
Maintain and update all network mapping/diagrams of all network devices and respective assignments.
Drove process to replace manual credit card processing system with fully integrated and compliant system.
Build and Configure Pay at The Table infrastructure for more efficient point of sale processing.
Provided hands-on training for departments such as Food and Beverage, Reservations, and the Front Office regarding proper use of new fully integrated online credit card processing system.
Credited for the planning and implementation of the digital concierge tablets provided by Crave Interactive in all guest rooms.
Instrumental in the deployment of the BirchStreet Procurement and Inventory Management system.
Recipient of the “Owner's Appreciation” award for outstanding performance in improving IT infrastructure. HALFMOON HOTEL – ROCKRESORT, RoseHal, Montego Bay, Jamaica Oversaw and directed day-to-day IT operations, aligning core system/technical functions to exceed corporate expectations. SAMUEL GUMBS Page 2
IT MANAGER (2011 to 2017)
Directed team of Engineers and helpdesk staff in maintaining and supporting LAN/WAN networks and in-house telecom technical resources. Planned and coordinated installation of new hardware and software technologies. Administered all IT budgets, researching and negotiating with 3rd party vendor to procure new services. Reported directly to IT Director and General Manager regarding project status and recommending new technology strategies to support future growth.
Hand selected to oversee critical improvement and expansion of networking devices to meet PCI/SOX standards and change management strategies, ensuring adherence to company/departmental policies.
Played key role in architecting technology solutions that streamlined technology footprint and reduced costs, while maximizing service levels and increasing system accessibility and functionality.
Supervised development and establishment of a technology best practices that consolidates technology solutions and improved communication across all client departments.
Developed, authored, and maintained ICT procedures, security, and disaster recovery documentations, writing, and recording user and application changes to streamline system functions. ANDREW MEMORIAL HOSPITAL, Kingston, St. Andrew, Jamaica Provided executive leadership in establishing and directing technology infrastructure for 60-bed full-service health care facility and 24-hour emergency unit, delivered technical service to support staff and physicians. IT SUPERVISOR (2008 to 2011)
Served as main point of contact in developing, implementing, and maintaining all technical resources, including firm’s voice systems, IT datacenter operations. Assessed current policies/procedures and implemented new standards across all departments. Led team in completing all support, installation, and maintenance tasks. Negotiated and managed service and vendor contracts. Drafted project plans for approval, system documentation, and risk planning.
Directed and managed completion of a variety of critical enterprise system integration projects from initial phase through final release/deployment of new technology resources.
Drove process to commission and deploy Corporate Firewalls and the Teleradiology services to support CT scan and Ultrasound machine operations.
Conducting technology audits to ensure all IT equipment operated at peak performance.
Maintained high degree of accuracy in creating project specifications and successfully managing projects through entire development and release processes.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
MIS/IT Manager (‘17-‘18) Overseas Examination Commission, Kingston / Jamaica System Engineer / Telecom Analyst (’06-‘08) West Corp – Jamaica Agent Service, St. Catherine, Jamaica Student Teacher (‘03-’04) Northern Caribbean University, Manchester, Jamaica System Administrator (‘02-’03) Northern Caribbean University, Manchester, Jamaica EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Bachelor of Science in Informational Science - NORTHERN CARIBBEAN UNIVERSITY, Mandeville, Manchester Professional Development: Microsoft MCSA/MCSE Training - ITS Solution Exchange, New York (2005) Technical Proficiencies:
Certifications: CompTIA A+ certification, MCP, MCSA, MCSE, Fortinet Training, PCI Compliance Training Platforms: Windows (10,11), Windows Server (2012, 2018,2019), Microsoft Exchange Server, Office 365, Exchange Online
Applications: Microsoft Office 365, PeopleSoft, MS Visio, Oracle Property Management System (Opera), Micros- Simphony, InfoGenesis POS, Sage Enterprise, QuickBooks, Timeclock, Avaya Administration Suite, Cisco Call Manager, VMware, Hyper V, Citrix, Symantec Backup Exec, Symantec Endpoint Protection Suite, Veritas Backup, Active Directory/GPO’s, McAfee Antivirus Enterprise Edition, VeraSMART Call Accounting Application, Avotus Call Accounting, Abacus, Daylight, Shift4 Networks: VPN infrastructure, Hyper V Virtual Platform, VMware Virtual Platform SAMUEL GUMBS Page 3
Hardware: HP, Dell, IBM (PC’s / Servers), Avaya IP 500 PBX Switch, VoIP’s, Nortel Networks 9150 switches, PBX system, Firewalls (CheckPoint, Kerio Winroute, Sonic Wall), HP Core switches, peripherals, Avaya Aura Telephony, Ubiquiti Point to Point, Fortigate Firewall, SD-Wan, Cisco Meraki access points and managed cameras.
Contact this candidate