Bachelor's of commerce from Saint Patricks college.
Passes matriculation exam from metropolics academy. Passes higher secondary exams from Saint Patricks college. Diploma in information technology from academy of business computers. Adobe Illustrator.
Adobe Indesign.
Adobe Photoshop.
Corel Draw.
To attain progressive position, allowing me to utilize my pertinent experience, skills, attributes to the fullest potential.
Shaheryar Ahmed Khan
Address: Flat no 313 Shamim residency yaseenabad fb area karachi Mobile: +92-305-*******, E-mail: ad76gs@r.postjobfree.com Urdu Inpage.
Windows 98/2000/XP.
MS-Office.
Internal applications.
Objective
Education
Skills
Experience
From Oct 2022 to present, I’m working in mission marketing (Saudi Arabia) as a print department incharge and factory supervisor. From 2019 to 2021, I’m working in Fact Pvt.Ltd as a Production Manager. From 2017 to 2019, working in (Petra Advertising in Dubai) as a Print department Manager.
From August 2005 to 2009, learn a great knowledge of print media in
(Image Graphic Solution) as a large format digital printer operator, prepress services color matching of art works, quality checking of print jobs, maintenance and troubleshooting of printing machines. From December 2009 to April 2016, I’m working in Fact Pvt.Ltd as a senior printing machine operator and also work in a sales department as a client services officer currently. I’m operating VUTEK 3360 fc3360 ec.2360, solvent printers. I also operate Roland, Eco solvent and DGI machines and also using the ripping software which I used colourburst and wasatch
(Scotchprint).
Fluent in English Typing Speed.
Good Computer Typing Speed.
Reading and Writing.
Socializing and organization events.
Good Communication and Debating Skills.
Good Presentation Skills.
Date of Birth : 23rd December, 1980
:
:
:
Religion
Nationality Pakistani
Islam
Martial Status Married
Will be furnished on request.
Personal Skills & Interest
Personal Particulars
Reference
I can operate all kinds of machines like Vutek, Jeti, Konica, Fujifilm UV, Flatbed UV etc. Loading unloading of printing material, prepresss of printing files and also maintain the machine as a technician.
Contact this candidate