DANIEL WEBER Page * of *
EXPERIENCE
CTO - CHIEF TECHNICAL OFFICER
Led implementation of technology standards, developed strategies for technology platforms, oversaw re- search, supervised software testing, employed adaptive technological changes, developed new products, con- sulted in all aspects of multimedia, electronics, and information technology (IT), and managed executive teams.
Fashion Style Beauty Network, Inc. CA 2017 – Present Professional Schools of Beauty, Fashion and Arts, Inc. CA 2009 – 2014 Infozen CA 2002 – Present
SENIOR PROGRAMMER
Track record of incorporating user and business requirements into cost-effective, secure and user-friendly solutions known for scalability and durability. Knowledge of commercial and open source software/database engineering tools, design techniques, CASE tools, and security standards. Proven leader and project manager, driver of system architecture decisions and leader of projects from concept through the release process. Inno- vator of next-generation solutions, systems, and applications, giving companies a competitive edge, and pro- ducing outstanding results for customers.
Fashion Style Beauty Network, Inc. CA 2017 – Present Infozen CA 2002 – Present
SENIOR DEVELOPER
Employer of a top programming skill set, and excellent team player and communication skills, while working in high-pressure environments, and adhering to strict deadlines. Effectively accessed customer needs, outlined projects, assigned tasks, and provided support to team members. Fashion Style Beauty Network, Inc. CA 2017 – Present California State University Corporation CA 2002 – 2016 Infozen CA 2002 – Present
DANIEL WEBER
CTO, IT Consultant, Leading-Edge Software Developer, Strategic Analyst, Programmer Versed in C, C++, JAVA, VBA (Visual Basic Application with Excel) & VERILOG
SKILLS
Business and team management,
Analytical thinking and strategiz-
ing, Time management, Trouble-
shooting, Product creation, Prod-
uct researching & testing, Top
computer proficiency, Effective
communication and interpersonal
relating, Excellence in program-
ming, Successful at assessing
customer needs
CONTACT
Ph: 818-***-****
Email:
ad77z2@r.postjobfree.com
DANIEL WEBER Page 2 of 2
IT CONSULTANT
Facilitated technological solutions for organizations, such as data networks and software platforms. Executed IT needs based on clients’ preferred platforms, setting up, configuring, and migrating systems and services on multiple platforms, and advising on security vulnerabilities, outdated systems, and hardware upgrades. Fashion Style Beauty Network, Inc. CA 2017 – Present Professional Schools of Beauty, Fashion and Arts, Inc. CA 2009 – 2014 Infozen CA 2002 – Present
EDUCATION
California State University Northridge
CA
2008 – 2014
Kirkwood Community College IA 2008
Boone High School (Honors Excel Program, Perfect Attendance Award, Academic Achievement Award) IA 1990 – 1994
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Mentored by Dr. Xiajun (Ashley) Geng in Electrical Engineering Program and Product Development, and Microelectronics CA JULY 2005 – JAN 2016
Contact this candidate