Ottis L Wooten
Senior Project Manager (PMP & CSM)
ad7dd2@r.postjobfree.com - https://www.linkedin.com/in/owooten - 630-***-****
JAN 2022 to JUN 2024*: Due to Flower Mound, TX with patients/home health care services from work/home
FEB 2022 to MAR 2022: Celeste Consulting, Software IT Project Manager (Contract remote)
Situation: Installation of a new platform model integrating with third-party providers and their toolsets like Canvas, Zoom, Whova, On-Demand Scrum player (In-house/Rustici), etc. Building new business cases for the tools to use making sure no overlapping of tools and making sure products have in-built solution tools that support the business cases so that our customers don’t need to go off the new equipment and software for the center.
Results: Confirming the installation and migration of the current and future products with minimal issues for future growth. Updated a portfolio Project Inventory Overview Dashboard from multiple JIRA Azure queries center (Agile/Scrum 1.5 months).
NOTE: The Celeste Consulting 6-month remote contract was changed to returning to the onsite after 6-weeks
MAR 2021 to AUG 2021*: Due to Dayton, OH due to stroke of my 90-year-old Mother
JUN 2020 to NOV 2020*: COVID-19 Texas & California was medicated for vaccinations and five funerals for relations
SEP 2012 to JUN 2020: American Airlines, Senior Project Manager (SDLC, Agile & Scrum)
AA In-Flight Entertainment (Part 1): From Onboard Products Technology project to implement satellite Wi-Fi for flight passengers. The In-Flight Technology/Product Owner with Flight Services & On-Board Products (Sr. Project Manager – Ottis Wooten) and 2 AA technical resources from Flight Services Technology/Architect & Team Lead, 2 contract development resources for the new application software, SAP general ledger resources, 2 AA technical SAIS (Software, Architecture & Infrastructure Services) for security and flight information, an external vendor (PCI certified payment gateway service/Safe File Transfer Protocol), teams from the AA Data Warehouse Management for SFTP, and 1 vendor & 3 distributors - 6 months/$345K budget (Waterfall 1 year).
AA In-Flight Entertainment (Part 2): From Onboard Products Technology program to implement satellite Wi-Fi for Marketing. The In-Flight Technology (Product Owner & Program Manager) with Flight Services & On-Board Products (Sr. Project Manager – Ottis Wooten) and 2 AA technical resources from Flight Services Technology & Team Lead, 2 AA technical resources from Marketing & Team Lead, 2 contract development resources for the updated application software, and SAP general ledger estimated 1.25 years/$1.7M budget (Agile/Scrum 5 years).
LUS Position Swap (Hybrid Agile) LUS pilots can swap flight attendant positions in the cockpit before the door closes. The LAA pilot’s agreement doesn’t swap flight attendant positions at any time. The In-Flight Technology (Product Owner) with Flight Services & On-Board Products (Sr. Project Manager – Ottis L Wooten) leading the technical resources from Flight Services (Enterprise), UX/UI (Enterprise), SAIS (Enterprise) for the security of employee number, new database server with LUS data and the purchase of 80K Samsung Note 3 tablet estimated 9 months/$35K budget (Waterfall/Agile 1.5 years)
FOI Flight Attendant Position Swap (Hybrid Agile) The In-Flight Technology (Product Owner) with Flight Services & On-Board Products (Sr. Project Manager – Ottis L Wooten) leading the technical resources from Crew Checked In (CCI) Services (Enterprise), UX/UI (Enterprise), SAIS (Enterprise) for the security of employee number, decrease calls, and increase productivity, Created documentation networking for technical skills and stakeholders for the deployment, and prioritized the diagnose issues to quickly manage the resolution estimate 1.75 years/$765K budget (Agile 2.5 years).
B737 Max (Hybrid SDLC) The In-Flight Technology (IT Manager) with Flight Services & On-Board Products (Sr. Project/Product Manager – Ottis L Wooten) leading the technical resources from Operation Technology (All Manager Directors) to have all resources to determine if you have: Not Started, Green (Active), Yellow (Minor), Red (Issue), On-Hold (Waiting), Completed (Done), Cancelled (NA) with 1 year.
MAR 2012 to SEP 2012: Texas Health Physical Medicine Rehabilitation, Project Manager/Contract (Ettain)
Results: Confirmed the installation and migration of the testing checkpoint of the medical equipment in the location (Waterfall 6 months).
FEB 2011 to FEB 2012: American Airlines, Senior Project Manager/Contract (Paranet Solutions)
AirServ: (SDLC) Purchase and deliver an in-flight product to purchase caterer meals with no monetary paper (credit cards) by Retail InMotion. The Sabre internal AirServ data to the new AirVision In-Flight system and In-Flight Technology (Director) with Flight Services & On-Board Products (Sr. Project Manager – Ottis L Wooten) leading the technical resources from (Enterprise), SAIS (Enterprise) for networking to the stakeholders with 13 months/$196K budget (Waterfall 1 year).
OCT 2010 to NOV 2010: Concentra Health Care, Senior Project Manager/Contract (Personal)
Situation: The primary resource was too ill to create vendor (Lawson Payroll) training documentation.
Results: The temporary contract resource (me) completed the training documentation.
NOV 2009 to JUN 2010: Reddy Ice, Inc. PMO IT Project Manager/Contract (Hudson Consulting)
Situation: Purchase and delivery to American Airlines for in-flight products to purchase caterer meals with no monetary paper (credit cards).
Results: Stakeholders and vendors are negotiating the cost of the update, Program delivery managing the SDLC methodologies to design review, detailed project plan, and processes, Created documentation networking for the technical skills and stakeholders who were accountable for the deployment with 9 months/$365K budget (Waterfall 9 months).
NOV 2008 to MAR 2009: Medical Edge Healthcare Group, Project Manager/Contract (P2 Solutions)
Situation: Purchased and delivered human capital management (HCM) and enterprise resource planning (ERP) for the staff.
Results: Deployment of vendor’s resource planning as project management to help stakeholders to drive processes by engaging employees, controlling labor costs, increasing productivity, and minimizing compliance risk (Waterfall 5 months).
MAY 2007 to NOV 2008: Countrywide Home Loan, Project Manager
Situation: Purchased and delivered the financials & supply chain management (FSCM), and similar human capital management (HCM) information systems.
Results: The software had similar measurable results for the organization (Waterfall 1.5 years)
SEP 1998 to MAY 2007: Alliance Data Systems, Senior Project Manager/Developer
Situation: Creating purchased and delivering the PeopleSoft enterprise performance management (EPM) same as FSCM, HCM, and ERP information systems (Waterfall 8.75 years).
JAN 1997 to DEC 2005: PeopleSoft Central States Regional User Group Steering Committee, Chairman
Situation: Supported user groups for functional and technical professionals, managers, and users for acquiring application-specific information for Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Louisiana with vendors for new and desired features (Waterfall 8 years).
FEB 1983 to SEP 1998: Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, Developer/IT Project Manager
Situation: Purchased and delivered product development software for human capital management (HCM) and enterprise resource planning (ERP), financials & supply chain management (FSCM), customer relationship management (CRM), and enterprise performance management (EPM) information systems for fast-paced and networking.
Results: Manage the coordination of projects and networking/distributed computing applications. Deployment of vendor management systems to help stakeholders by engaging employees’ influence, controlling labor costs, increasing productivity, and minimizing compliance risk. Regional President leading an international user group collaborating to seminars of a vendor’s enterprise management systems lifecycle. Motivate to share multiple projects to engage the business and stakeholders, control labor costs, and increase productivity. Prioritize diagnosis issues to quickly manage the resolution and minimize compliance risk as part of the Acquisition results (Waterfall 14.5 years).
REFERENCES
For 40-year works, references of owners, managers, and IT (insight & outsight) developments from 37 projects and 5 programs. My LinkedIn account has soon of the references with a team of five (5) to seven (7) best resources from IT interior and management. If you are interested, I can show the resources for a Senior Manager/Director, IT Program Manager and IT Hardware/Software Managers.

8A CST to 12N for only e-mail or appointed/apported phone calls.
1P CST to 5P for only interviews & resources from home or offices.
EDUCATIONS
SEP 1975 to AUG 1978: Wright State University, Dayton, OH, Bachelor of Science in Finance
AUG 2005 to DEC 2007: University of Texas at Dallas, Richardson, TX, MBA in Project Management
Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society Candidate
CERTIFICATES
NOV 2008 to NOV 2024: Project Management Professional PMP #1217564/Project Management Institute, Inc.
JUL 2020 to JUL 2026: Certified Scrum Master CSM #1097766)/Scrum Alliance, Inc.
TECHNICAL SOFTWARES
MS Office, MS Project, MS Access, MS Visio, MS SharePoint, MS Teams, MS Dynamics (POC), Retail inMotion Payment Gateway Technology & Point of Sales, JIRA (Azure, CA Rally, and Planview), Slack, Adobe, Zoom, WebEx, Google G Suite, GoToMeeting, Intuit, MailChimp, GitHub, Tableau, Cisco, Sabre AirVision In-flight Onboard Catering & Provisions. Java SE, Java EE, or Spring, Object-Oriented design principles, Java/Java EE design patterns, SOA principles and patterns, EAI patterns, and UML, Relational databases (Oracle and SQL), Microservices architecture, JavaScript MVC frameworks, and Diagnostics/Testing Tools, such as Splunk, Dynatrace, LISA, and SOAP UI, Vendor Management for unit transformation, Digital Transformation Services & Solutions, payment gateway services, Data Warehouse Management/BI, Metadata, and merger Flight Operation Integration (FOI) initiative.
Contact this candidate