Robert Matanane
El Dorado Hills, CA ***** Phone: 916-***-**** Email: ad7hty@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Persistent leader eager to lead and manage Information Technology Department or Organization. Skilled in strategic planning, problem-solving, and communication with good understanding of IT business principles, project management and team leadership. Versatile business leader bringing 20 plus years of experience as an accomplished Executive, Strategic problem-solver, change manager and visionary executive with success implementing plans to meet current and future needs. Proven track record implementing technologies such as Clouds, VMWare, Network and Security technologies and Software Development etc. Pragmatic professional with solid experience in leadership roles. Collaborative and dedicated to building and leading talented and motivated individuals. Detail-oriented team player with strong organizational skills.

SKILLS

Excellent verbal and written Communication Skills
Operations Management
Budgeting and Cost Control
Strategic Planning
Organizational Leadership
Vendor Sourcing and Negotiations
Program Development, C, C++, C#
Proficient in the latest technology for IT systems and management
Management Leadership
Professional Integrity
P&L Responsibility
Leadership and People Development
Attention to Quality
Customer relations
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite
Excellent Interpersonal skills

WORK HISTORY

PRESIDENT 02/2007 to CURRENT
Centrealtech, Inc. El Dorado Hills, CA
Maintained P&L and shouldered corporate fiscal responsibility.
Created SAAS software for Real Estate and Title Insurance Industry
Automated Technology created to streamline title production process
Hired and managed employees to maximize productivity while training staff on best practices and protocols.
Analyzed industry trends and tracked competitor activities to inform decision making.
Implemented Information Security Policies:
oBusiness Continuity Plan & Test, Disaster Recovery Plan & Test, Acceptable Use Policy, Data Records Retention Policy, Incident Management Policy, Incident Response Policy, Information Security Policy, Password Protection Policy, Privacy Policy etc.
-Internally within the Company and working with our clients that require we implement these policies in order to connect to their system and network environments.

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, OPERATIONS MANAGER 01/1992 to 01/2007
Old Republic Title Roseville, CA
Responsible for all Technology Initiatives and decisions, including enterprise wide networks and security, email, training, support, program development and maintenance.
Instituted and managed Information Security Programs to formalize the firm's security policies and mitigate existing and new threats as they are discovered.
Developed and implemented new strategies and policies to establish long-term business objectives and Establish many vital policies including Data Retention, Computer and Email Usage, Disaster Recovery, Internet Usage, Risk Assessment, Password protection, Acceptable Use, Privacy, Password Protection, Incident Response and Incident Management.
Establish and manage a Business Continuity Plan which includes routinely tested disaster recovery and pandemic plans.
Introduced new methods, practices, and systems to reduce turnaround times for software development, hardware deliverables, support.
Drove corporate revenue by creating strategies and systems that streamlined and increased productivity by 50% that fit perfectly with company's vision and mission.
Hired and managed 100 plus Information Technology employees across six states, to maximize productivity while training staff on best practices and protocols.
Created and maintained Title Production Software and Escrow Processing Software.
Created and maintained workflow processing and data integration from disparate systems (accounting integration, bank integration etc.)
Provide strong and sustainable organizational leadership.

VICE PRESIDENT 01/1986 to 12/1991
Old Republic Title Santa Clara, CA
Founded performance- and merit-based evaluation system to assess staff performance.
Cultivated company-wide innovation and collaboration with development teams and operations
Identified opportunities to improve business process flows and productivity.
Collaborated with legal, accounting and other professional teams to review and maintain compliance with regulations.
As the Senior Information Technology Officer - responsible for Development, Systems, Support across 7 states
Hired and managed 50 employees to maximize productivity while training staff on best practices and protocols. Training, Support, Program Development, Hardware Services, Email and Security, Data Warehouse and Wide-Area network with 180+ connected offices. etc.
Developed and implemented new strategies and policies to establish long-term business objectives and provide strong and sustainable organizational leadership.

EDUCATION

Computer And Information Sciences
San Jose State University, San Jose, CA

.
Contact this candidate