Christian Caine

RECENT EXPERIENCE:
Hanwha Q Cells: Process tech: Sept/23- Present

Safe Haven ADT: Relocation manager/ Installation Tech: June 23 to August 23

Momeni Inc: Assistant Manager/IT Specialist: Aug-22 to June 23

Atrium Health: IT and analysis support :April-22 Aug-22

UPS: Personal vehicle driver, delivery helper Oct 2020-Jan 2022

Evco plastics: Packer/Sorter : 2/22-4/22

Pilot/ flying J: Cashier, deli management
Primarily cashier and customer service role, with an emphasis on stock management
April 2021- July 2021

Academy Outdoors: Hiram, Georgia- Retail and stock management.
My job at Academy consisted of paying close attention to customer’s needs in order to create a positive shopping experience at the store. I made sure that the store looked neat and organized so that customers did not have to struggle to find certain sizes or styles of clothing. I also checked customers out, and made sure I made a positive impression.
Nov. 2018- July 2019

EDUCATION:
Google Certificate training: Completion of courses in I.T. and fundamental computer hardware, software, and intermediate coding. April 2021-Aug2022
Chattahoochee Technical College, Acworth, Georgia, Science major. Earned certification in BLS and AHA First Aid. Currently studying to gain more skills in the computer science field.
Comptia A+

Professional Attributes:

I have a very professional attitude, and I am an exceptional listener. I am adept at learning new skills. Colleagues and customers alike find me to be hardworking and dependable. I have 5+ years of experience with customer service, retail, and working in situations of high customer traffic and volume, and stress.I am also developing quite the array of skills in the tech field- including but not limited to: Networking and troubleshooting software in RDP, EDI and B2B commercial exchange, working with electronic security systems and time cards, Participating in advising employees and supervisors on best practices to have in place with the technology available. Chances are that if you are looking this far into this list, I am precisely the type of employee that you are looking for to join your company.

References:

Dean Parker, Pilot GM 706-***-****

Byron Campos: Mohawk employee, (706) 263- 0609

Trey York: Pastor- 404-***-****

●
●Ability to work efficiently under conditions of multiple deadlines and changing priorities
●
Must be able to learn the following AS400 systems: Product Launch, Sample Administration, and Product Bulletins Software Skills: Adobe Creative InDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop, Microsoft Excel, Word, Outlook and AS400

102 Long Ridge Road SE
Calhoun, GA 30701
762-***-****
ad7pdb@r.postjobfree.com

SKILLS
●Quick learner
●Strong communication skills
●Great at active listening
●Problem solver
●Works well alone and with others
●Configuring computer equipment and peripherals.

●Exp. with software such as Epic,Spars, and BarTender.

●Hardware maintenance and recording keeping
●Faxing
●Scanning
●Processing payments in the accounts receivable department
●Microsoft word and excel
●Proficient typer.

perates equipment and tools safely
Minimum QualificationsAbility to lift up to 70 lbs.
Contact this candidate