Contact
Dehradun, Uttaranchal, India ad7rm7@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/sunil- bhandari-28a53834 (LinkedIn)

Top Skills
Staff Augmentation Technical Recruiting Staffing Services

Languages
Hindi English
SUNIL BHANDARI
Information Technology Recruitment Consultant Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand, India

Summary
Specialties:
IT consulting and staff augmentation services Temp / Contract & Permanent Staffing Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services

Experience

Suitable AI
Freelance Consultant
February 2023 - Present

Adroit Software Inc.
Recruitment Manager
April 2022 - October 2022 (7 months)
Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India
Jobrevolution Recruitment Services Pvt Ltd Information Technology Recruitment Manager November 2021 - March 2022 (5 months) Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India

V3iT
Lead Recruiter
October 2020 - October 2021 (1 year 1 month) Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India
Mainly responsible for the full life cycle recruitment process of identifying, prescreening, placement and management of contract employees, direct permanent candidates and project hires for the company.

UK SYNERGY CONSULTANTS
Team Lead Recruitment
April 2016 - May 2020 (4 years 2 months) Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India
Arranging technical screening for candidates including, phone interviews and / or in person interviews and setting up appropriate times.
Screening CVs and identifying the candidates matching the requirements, Preparation of Weekly, Monthly & MIS report relating to Interviews.
Responsible for collecting internal requirements & external sourcing, streamlined quality process and timeliness of candidates selected and hired. Better match between position specifications/descriptions and candidates, Preparing candidates and client on the interview process to assure the partnership is a viable match.
Maintaining the HR relationship with the candidates from their hiring till separation & Managing day-to-day HR activities, employees joining Salary negotiation, Preparing offer letters & appointment letters

Adroit Software Inc.
Sr. Technical Consultant
June 2011 - March 2016 (4 years 10 months) Dehradun
Handled end to end recruitment for IT consultants, Recruitment and Staffing Well versed with different employment tax terms i.e W2/C2C/1099
Screening and short listing candidates through job portals, Managing New job Postings on job Portals
Examined candidates' resumes and conducted initial phone screens to assure candidates met qualifications for positions and Vice-Versa.
Co-ordinated with Account Managers regarding the feedback on interviews Follow- up with HR department for Background check status and with CRM's regarding the performance of the candidates or if candidates have any issues on the job.
Dealing with the vendors for resources, providing relationship of new vendors to company.
Maintaining documentation of newly joined employees, taking care of joining formalities, handover to the team
Handled end to end Recruitment (Screening, short listing, salary negotiations, scheduling Interviews, follow ups - closure)

Rose International
Sr. Rrecruiter

September 2010 - April 2011 (8 months)
Well versed with different employment tax terms i.e W2/C2C/1099
Screening and short listing candidates through job portals, Managing New job Postings on job Portals
Examined candidates' resumes and conducted initial phone screens to assure candidates met qualifications for positions and Vice-Versa.
Maintaining MIS on daily reports, file management, maintaining MIS of newly joined and attired candidates
Arranging technical screening for candidates including, phone interviews and / or in person interviews and setting up appropriate times.

Elixir Consulting India
Consultant
November 2009 - September 2010 (11 months)
Responsible for the full hiring cycle, including Resourcing, pre-screening, conducting personal interviews, coordinating technical managerial interviews, checking references, negotiating compensation packages, and performing new hire orientations.
Managing the complete recruitment cycle from the strategizing stage till the operational level
Sourcing resumes and ensuring that budget is kept within bounds by selecting the right mix of sources like Employee Referrals, job portals, advertisements and company website job postings.
Arranging technical screening for candidates including, phone interviews and / or in person interviews and setting up appropriate times.
Screening CVs and identifying the candidates matching the requirements, Preparation of Weekly, Monthly & MIS report relating to Interviews.

IMSI India Pvt. Ltd.
Technical Recruiter
January 2007 - August 2009 (2 years 8 months)
Mainly responontract employees, direct permanent candidates and project hires for the company.
Source qualified candidates via the web, utilizing various job boards, networking, industry contacts and the internal database
Ability to build relationships with preferred vendors and gaining experience in managing them sible for the full life cycle recruitment process of identifying, prescreening, placement and management of cScheduling & Coordinating interview call for consultants with the Client, Screening and formatting resumes for presentation of the candidates to the clients

Posting requirement on Job Portals, Maintaining Daily and Weekly report of all the activities
Responsible for collecting internal requirements & external sourcing, streamlined quality process and timeliness of candidates selected and hired. Better match between position specifications/descriptions and candidates, Preparing candidates and client on the interview process to assure the partnership is a viable match.
Maintaining the HR relationship with the candidates from their hiring till separation & Managing day-to-day HR activities, employees joining Salary negotiation, Preparing offer letters & appointment letters

Uttaranchal Automobiles Pvt Ltd
Office Supdt
February 2004 - November 2006 (2 years 10 months) Dehradun

Education
Osmania University
M.H.A, Hospital and Health Care Facilities Administration/ Management · (1996 - 1999)

Osmania University
B.Sc, Life Sciences · (1993 - 1996)
Contact this candidate