BALAJI ADHIKARI
AVIGNA, Giridhari Homes, Beside TIME School, Bandla Guda, Hyderabad – 500 086
Contact No: 91-990-***-****, Email: ad7s3o@r.postjobfree.com

IT Manager / Project Manager
Offering 36+ years of experience across IT infrastructure management & general administration, Customer Services management seeking senior position across any industry in the above stated profile

Areas Of Expertise
Strategic IT Planning • Vendor Relations • System & Network Administration • Information Security • Disaster Recovery & Implementation • Budgeting / Commercial Operations • Infrastructure Integration • Quality & Service Excellence Initiatives • IT Procurement •Customer Services Management

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS

Master Of Computer Applications, IGNOU 2004
Bachelor Of Commerce, Osmania University 1990

EXPERIENCE DETAILS
Freelancer – (Utest.com – Test Team Leader)
And working for various Artificial Intelligence Modules Jul’23 – Till Date

Bobba Group, Bangalore ( 2 yrs 4 Months)
Project Manager Mar'21 - Jun'23

Amazon, Hyderabad (11 Months on Contract Basis) Oct’19 – Jan’20
Customer Services – North America Customer Support and Jun’20 - Dec’21

Menzies Bobba Ground Handling Services Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad Aug’07 - Jun 19
IT Manager (11 Years 10 Months)

Virinchi Technologies, Hyderabad (2 Years) Aug’05 - Jul’07
Test Lead

Indian Air Force (20 Years) Apr’85- Apr’05
Asst. Programmer / Accountant

PROFILE
A qualified master of computer application with vast exposure across the areas of Information Systems, IT Infrastructure Management, Helpdesk Management, Vendor Management, SLA Management, Software Analysis, Networking/System Administration, Implementation of Information Security Policies and overall Project Management.
Network/ Server Administrator with rigorous experience in assignments entailing setup & smooth functioning of Corporate Networks ensuring uninterrupted operations, currently spearheading as IT Manager with Menzies Bobba Ground Handling Services Pvt. Ltd.,
expertise in overall IT Project Management including Network/ System Planning & Administration, Server Configuration, Networking and Network Security etc.
Excellent temperament to multi- task and coordinate various activities under high pressure & time constraints and troubleshoot any hardware, software and network related issues within least possible turn around time.
A complete manager capable of performing a wide range of people management functions from recruiting through on-boarding, goal setting, performance appraisal, training, competency building, resource utilization & capacity planning, knowledge transfer, etc.
Possessing strong credentials in office administration, official correspondence management, Documentation, Reports, Personnel Management, Office Management, Team Leadership, Data Maintenance, liaison & coordination.
Proficient in implementing service strategies according to the set targets and actively involved in controlling service deliverable as per given SLAs & TAT.

KEY DELIVERABLES

IT Management
Head the technical troubleshooting of desktop, laptop and networked systems.
Manage vendor services as required. Determine need for vendor managed services and make recommendations to IT Senior Management. Evaluate bill rates, services rendered & contract terms on continued basis.
Involve in design, installation, configuration & maintenance of Network based on Microsoft Windows including Microsoft Active Directory, Creating and Managing Users and Groups, Configuring and Maintaining File Permissions and Profiles.
Take care of Installation, Configuring & Maintenance of Critical Network Services Including Microsoft DNS Service, Microsoft Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) Services, Microsoft Windows 2008 Terminal Service & Internet Information Service.
Manage Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and troubleshooting of hardware and Software.
Strategically aligned IT solutions with business objective, led selection of appropriate technology and vendor products.
Provide support to the end users, troubleshooting customer queries and setting up of networks on different operating systems and all other hardware devices.
Key player in establishing process & procedure of all activities with their guidelines & timelines to materialize the work smoothly.
Conceptualize & implement strategies to enhance operational efficiency and ensure adherence to all the set parameters to enhance the efficiency of various aspects of the service delivery cycle.
Led & guided the team to attend all customer complaints promptly and to win their confidence by providing best possible services.
Instrumental in building strong Information System infrastructure based on the company’s objectives and business needs.
Coordinating testing, upgrading and configuration of system files and services. Ensuring changes are in accordance with appropriate operating procedures.
Deftly liaise and negotiate with vendors for best deals as well as manage 3rd Party Facility Management Vendors.

General Administration
Spearheaded efforts across developing, managing and monitoring the performance of multi-skilled work force
Looked after personnel matters of the employees pertaining to leave, attendance & salary administration, retention of employees, competitors salary analysis, grievance handling & motivation of employees.
Rendered administrative support in managing day to day administrative functions
Supervised administration and facilities related activities including office administration & handling of day-to-day general correspondences like letters, faxes, Emails etc.,
Managed the day-to-day work of employees in the company's executive office and ensured that they met their time and production targets.
Planned & budgeted administration expenses & working towards minimizing operational expenses/ costs.

Technical Accolades
Individually made different modules like Personal Occurrence Report, Main Vouchers, and Provident Fund which are the part of the airman Pay Slip Generation.
Undergone training in Oracle Data Base Administrator at Air Head Quarters Computer Center, New Delhi.
Maintained the Air Force Golf Club Accounts and Handicap.
Experienced in working on COBOL, NET(C#.NET, VB.NET, ASP.NET) & Oracle Apps Technical and Techno Functional (GL, AP, AR).
Managed networking of LAN by Windows NT/2000 Server, SCO UNIX and Red Hat Linux.
Participated in Web designing using HTML, DHTML, JavaScript and ASP by using Oracle/SQL Server 2000 databases.

SKILLS

Customer Service, Problem Solving, Multi-task, Leadership, Statistical Analysis, Vendor Management.

Employment History

Currently employed as Manager – IT at Menzies Bobba Ground Handling, Airport, Shamshabad, Hyderabad

Dealing 13 International Flights (British, Oman, Lufthansa Cargo, Qatar, Malaysia, Air Asia, Gulf, Tiger Scoot, ), Domestic Air Asia Airways, Cargo Flights and Charters to maintain the agreed SLA with Airlines of Ground Handling Services that includes:-

First Bag IN and Last Bag IN
Cabin Cleaning
Check IN and Make up
Import and Export Cargo
Integrated IT & Communications with projects like Fiber cabling, Raceway and Internal Cabling at Airport to gain network for Workstations, Training Rooms and Offices by means of CISCO Routers and Switches. Team headed by me with the following solutions.

Manages the activities and leads the personnel associated with providing technical services to internal customers by identifying, prioritizing, and confirming resolution of reported problems with desktop, laptop and networked systems.
Provides expertise to departments regarding policies and procedures, problem resolution and methods.
Develops and monitors the implementation / deployment & support of applications, operating systems, policies and procedures, operating structures, and information flow providing feedback and control to the business.
Establish and implement service standards. Develops reporting tools to track and monitor those standards. Report on performance against standards. Provides regular business reports and statistical feedback to the Management.
Drives HR activities concerning hiring, training/development, and evaluation of staff performance as well as builds and maintains morale and motivation amongst personnel. Assigns personnel to various operations and directs their activities. Reviews and evaluates work and prepares performance reports.
Manage budgets and spending for specific cost center(s) and ensure budget goals are met. Submit/approve requisitions for purchase orders as required.
Manage vendor services as required. Determine need for vendor managed services and make recommendations to IT Senior Management. Evaluate bill rates, services rendered, and contract terms on a continued basis.
Manage the professional development of self and subordinates. Develop and execute training plans. Maintain proper organizational structure providing for proper career growth opportunities.
Managing Hubs, Switches and networking issues.
Design, Installation, Configuration & Maintenance of Network based on Microsoft Windows 2003 including Microsoft Active Directory.
Creating and Managing Users and Groups
Configuring and Maintaining File Permissions and Profiles.
Configuring Group Policy Objects for efficient administration of users and resources.
Installation, Configuring & Maintenance of Critical Network Services Including Microsoft DNS Service, Microsoft Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) Services, Microsoft Windows 2003 Terminal Service & Internet Information Service.
Installation, Configuration, Maintenance and troubleshooting of hardware and Software.
Solving Client / Server Connectivity Problems.

Professional Experience in Virinchi Technologies :

Previously employed in Virinchi Technologies, Hyderabad as a Test Lead
Proficient in Manual Testing and good exposure in Automated Testing Tools.
Well acquainted with the SDLC and STLC of applications.
Experience on different types of tests viz. Black Box, Functionality, Integration, Regression Testing, Load and Performance Testing.
Experience in White Box Testing for ASP.NET with C#.NET, SQL and PL/SQL in UNIX, COBOL in UNIX and VB with SQL Server.
Experience in writing Functional Specification Documents (FSDs), Help Manuals, Test Cases and Data Diagrams.
Vast experience in querying SQL, writing and amending PL/SQL, T-SQL and MySQL
Good Exposure in Quick Test Pro, WinRunner and Test Director.
Involved with Quality Team for achieving CMMI Level 3.
Ability to work in a team and independently.
To establish my identity distinct and shining in the field of intricate software is the ambition.

Professional Experience in IAF :
Employed in Indian Air Force for 20 Years at various levels in IT/Non-IT as follows:-

IT Experience (10 Yrs)
Oracle with D2K
Undergone training at Air Head Quarters Computer Center, New Delhi in May 1999
Implicated in renovating Pay Slip of all Air Force Personnel from COBOL to Oracle with D2K for one year
Individually made different modules like Personal Occurrence Report, Main Vouchers, and Provident Fund which are the part of the airman Pay Slip Generation
Oracle DBA
Undergone training in Oracle Data Base Administrator at Air Head Quarters Computer Center, New Delhi in Apr 2002 and six months experience in it.

VB with SQL Server 2000
Maintained the Air Force Golf Club Accounts and Handicap listing for One year in VB with SQL Server 2000

COBOL
Three and half Years experience in COBOL Main Frame based IBM and SCO Unix
Involved in converting Pay Slip of Air Force Personnel from IBM to SCO Unix
Individually made different modules like Personal Occurrence Report, Main Vouchers, and Personal Information which are the part of the airman Pay Slip Computerization

NET(C#.NET, VB.NET, ASP.NET)
Undergone training on .NET(C#.NET, VB.NET, ASP.NET) and had through practice for six months in a project

Oracle Apps Technical/Techno Functional (GL, AP, AR)
Undergone training at Genesis, Hyderabad in Oracle Apps Technical and Techno Functional (GL, AP, AR) and 4 months through practice in a module
Others
Web designing using HTML, DHTML, JavaScript and ASP by using Oracle/SQL Server 2000 databases.
dbase IV and FOXPRO for three years in preparing Bank Pay schedules, Golf club Billing and Handicap listing.
As a faculty, to give 100% computer literacy to the Air Force Personnel.
Networking of LAN by Windows NT/2000 Server, SCO UNIX and Red Hat Linux.
All MS Office components including Access.
Assembling of PC and loading of Operating Systems and various Programs.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date Of Birth: 22nd May, 1966
Language Proficiency: Telugu, English & Hindi
Reference: Available on request
Contact this candidate