Michael Breaz - Sr. Information Technology Project Manager
ad7t95@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/michael-breaz
219-***-****

PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW

Mr. Michael Breaz, a Sr. IT Project Manager, has the experience and expertise to deliver positive results for organizational change with Enterprise IT Infrastructure, Cybersecurity, and business initiatives. He is a proactive, creative thinker, and a problem solver. He partners with cross-functional teams and provides leadership to plan and implement projects using Project Management best practices in PMO environments.

With a Master's Degree in Project Management and a Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, he possesses a strong educational background to support his career goals. With his expertise in project management, team leadership, and technical skills, he would be a valuable asset to any organization to drive and execute complex projects and initiatives.

ATTRIBUTES
20+ years of experience managing multifaceted enterprise-wide complex projects and teams, and can manage multiple smaller projects simultaneously.
Experienced in delivering quality and measurable efficiency gains by implementing Project Lifecycle Management process improvement, collaboration, and organization.
Experience preparing and delivering high-level oral/visual presentations and reports.
Provides business analysis, process/system reviews, gap analysis, solution design, and testing.
Financial management: capital and expense budgets, forecasts, and reporting.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills for effective project communications and stakeholder engagement.
Ensures compliance with ITIL/Change Management and Cyber Security policies.
Enforces quality standards adhering to PMO/ PMI methodology and Quality Assurance.
Experience using Waterfall, Agile, Hybrid, and implementing ‘right fit’ best practices for managing and project planning and control.

INDUSTRIES
Biotech Consumer Packaging Media Computers I Reinsurance and P&C Location Software Airlines Healthcare Insurance Banking and Financials Energy/Utility Manufacturing & Engineering

TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE
Enterprise IT & Infrastructure: Microsoft Azure cloud, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, Active Directory, Firewalls, data center hardware, and circuit implementations, physical and virtual servers, SQL and Oracle databases, Storage, LAN/WAN Networks, WIFI deployments, software deployments, performance testing, quality assurance, asset management, disaster recovery, and operational turnover.

Cybersecurity Technology: Application and virtual desktop restricted trust models, Azure SSO, Active Directory, Duo MFA. Beyond Trust, Rapid 7 and Qualys Vulnerability Mgt. and remediation, Bitglass Data Loss Prevention, McAfee Cloud Access Security Broker, Symantec Data Loss Prevention, Agari email security, Vormetric PCI Encryption and Tokenization, CyberArk Enterprise Password Vaults, SPLUNK monitoring and reporting. Security, privacy, and compliance reviews, audits, and risk evaluations.

Productivity software: High competency with MS Office applications including Project, Visio, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and other modern project management process tools including Microsoft Plans, Microsoft Teams, MS SharePoint, Microsoft Project, Service Now, Confluence, JIRA, Clarity, Slack, Zoom, Smartsheets.

CERTIFICATIONS
PMP - Project Management Institute (PMI certification)

EDUCATION
Master’s Degree, Project Management- Keller Graduate School of Business Mgt., Orland Park, IL
Bachelor of Science Degree, Engineering- Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN

TRAINING
Six Sigma White Belt training – HERE Technology
Agile Way of Working – HERE Technology
Azure Fundamentals – HERE Technology
Various PMI classes- Scope, Risks, Financials, Quality Management, MS Project
PMO methodologies and process
Portfolio Management
Cybersecurity- Vulnerability Management
Microtrain – courses in MS Active Directory, MS Server, Networks, SQL Server
AI - self-study

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sr. IT Project Manager Consultant – Cloud migration project April 2024 – June 2024
Amgen, Inc., Thousand Oaks, California
I was hired as a Project Management consultant to coordinate and support the Amazon Workspace Cloud PC migrations to Azure Cloud PC project for the Digital Workplace Experience (DWX) team. The project IT teams included Corporate Digital Technology, Partner Services, Cybersecurity Network Security, and various business units. I represented the DWX team and coordinated planning and execution for ongoing waves of migrations and hyper care for external business partners and contract workers. Additionally, I worked with the DWX team to identify and improve migration processes, communications, and the support model.

Sr. IT Project Manager Consultant – Cyber security project
Pactiv Evergreen Company, Lake Forest, IL March 2023- Feb. 2024
Hired by LaSalle Network to deliver the Corporate Application Restricted Model to harden Azure firewall rules for cloud-based applications. The project significantly reduced cloud application-based security risks by standardizing and modernizing firewall rules, restricting unauthorized users, and preventing access to malicious actors.

Led a team of Network SMEs and critical IT application owners to plan and implement restricted firewall rules for 160 applications on 676 Azure cloud servers across the enterprise. The project was completed earlier than scheduled and within budget of $350,000. Reduced the security risk to Pactiv.
Additional workstreams included planning and executing the migration of (32) Citrix servers, (88) WIN 365 PCs, and (198) Azure Virtual Desktops to separate secure VNETs to reduce the end-user security exposure. Our due diligence reduced the AVD and WIN365 PC by 35%, reducing costs by $14K/month and consolidating Citrix servers by 20.

Sr. IT Project Manager Consultant – Cybersecurity and Office expansion projects
The Pokémon Company International, Belleview, WA March 2022- Nov. 2022
Hired by Softchoice for the Pokémon International IT Client Services team to drive cybersecurity organizational change. I provided complete project management life cycle services to manage and deliver end-user projects including Azure app SSO migration and DUO MFA.

For a multi-floor, multi-location office expansion and conference room audio-visual upgrade project, I implemented common-sense PM practices to document and manage the project, improving the efficiencies for the organization and reduced delays and rework.

Sr. IT Project Manager Consultant – Cybersecurity projects
Conduent for Apple Computer, Remote Oct. 2021- Feb. 2022
Co-managed a Bitglass DLP implementation for 12,000 users, with multiple PMs and a Program Manager. Managed and resolved network connectivity, VPN, and firewall configuration issues to prepare for SCCM pushes to (7) global sites.

Vulnerability Remediation - Part of a team of PMs, Vulnerability SMEs, and Infrastructure engineers assigned to reduce the backlog of zero-day and critical remediation issues in the Windows server environment through upgrades and patching and developed their Vulnerability Management BAU governance processes and SOPs.

Security Project Manager Consultant -Cybersecurity projects
AJ Gallagher, Libertyville, IL May 2021- Sept. 2021
As the Security Project Manager, I drove the Vulnerability remediation project using the Qualys Vulnerability Management tool. I worked with Security and Infrastructure resources to remediate zero-day and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities. Security Project Manager for a McAfee CASB MVISION implementation project with Cloud IaaS, Shadow IT, M365, Exchange Online, and Cloud Data Lake.

Sr. IT Project Manager FTE – Cloud and Enterprise IT projects
HERE Technology, Chicago, IL May 2018- Dec. 2020
Sr. IT Project Manager in the IT PMO, I managed teams to drive requirements, design, plan, and execution of IT service implementations to provide new internal enterprise IT services for improved operational efficiencies and to reduce costs.
Built the Microsoft Azure Michael Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) enabling global resources to work remotely without company-provided laptops due to COVID-19 lockdowns.
Oracle Exadata platform migrations to AWS or Postgres, reduced license costs by $2M/year
AWS & Azure cloud app migrations, preparing for data center shutdowns.
Migration to leased equipment with Dell and Apple, saving the company $2M/year.
Beyond Trust Vulnerability Mgt. upgrade.
Business Continuity, ISO and SOC2 audits, Qualtrics implementation, Tango Mobile Management global implementation, Office 365 Email Phishing implementation, and security-related changes to Office 365.

IT Project Manager Consultant -Cybersecurity project
United Airlines, Chicago, IL Oct. 2017- March 2018
Managed a team of consultants for the RSA Key Management Replacement Project to implement Thales Vormetric Management solution for application and database encryption and tokenization for the PCI system. Coordinated new environment infrastructure build-out with the infrastructure team.
Coordinated Quality Assurance testing. Managed the $4.4 M budget and provided timely status and financial management reporting. Approx. 50 project team people onshore and offshore.

IT Delivery Manager Consultant – Business applications projects
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, Chicago, IL, Jan. 2017- July 2017
Project Manager for the Federal Employee Program Health Care Fraud Detection system with internal resources and an outside vendor. CyberArk EPV service account implementation, SailPoint and Workday Identity Management (AIM), Polite Mail upgrade, LifeRay portal upgrade, and BHI SAS upgrade.

Sr. IT Project Manager Consultant -Cybersecurity and Physical Security projects
Northern Trust Company, Chicago, IL July 2015- July 2016
Application Development PM on the InfoSec Team managing upgrade projects for CyberArk EPV, Symantec DLP, and the video surveillance systems. Used the SDLC process to identify requirements, design, use cases, and test cases and managed projects from inception to closure.

Sr. IT Project Manager Consultant – IT Enterprise projects
NiSource, Merrillville, IN Aug. 2012- July 2015
Managed teams of technical resources to plan and implement 30+ IT projects with global technical teams including infrastructure build-outs, application implementations and upgrades, storage system installations, mainframe optimization, data separation, and disaster recovery platform build-outs.

Sr. Project Manager FTE – Industrial Automation projects
GlenMount Global Solutions, Portage, IN April 2011- July 2012
Successfully managed engineers and electricians with design, development, and implementation of heavy industrial electrical automation control projects to replace legacy steel mill plant drive and control systems. I managed the client relationship, and on-site engineers during the deployment of new equipment and startup. Completed $3.2 M in projects for US Steel in Ecorse, MI for the continuous caster, coke ovens, and temper mill.

Sr. IT Project Manager FTE – IT Enterprise and Business Application projects
Northern Trust Company, Chicago, IL., March 2005- April 2011
As a Sr. IT Project Manager for the Tech Services PMO, I managed project planning and coordinated infrastructure engineers and business application teams. Completed 60+ infrastructure projects working on 5-10 projects concurrently with various technical teams and platforms in a global enterprise IT.
Contact this candidate