Page*
Najam Khan
Phone: 513-***-**** Address: Houston, TX 77069 LinkedIn Profile Email: ad7x3q@r.postjobfree.com SENIOR IT LEADER PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER
Known for Implementation and Turnaround of Challenging Mega-Projects (Multimillion Dollar) CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER-PSM1 PMI®-PMP PRACTITIONER ISACA COBIT5 ITIL V3 PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT
An accomplished, self-motivated Senior IT Leader with over 20 years of results-driven experience in multiple geographies, leading and delivering complex IT projects on time, within budget, and exceeding expectations. Proven ability to manage cross-functional teams, stakeholders, and resources to achieve strategic IT goals. Skilled in project planning, execution, risk management, and communication. Documented history of bridging technical and managerial acumen in turning around information technology coupled with insightful exposure to business delivery and rollout, planning, and vision for future projects and technology management. Capable of driving transformational changes across information security (Cybersecurity), cloud enablement (IaaS, PaaS, DaaS), data center operations, VoIP, network management, asset management, GRC (NIST, SOC2, ISO 27001), operational areas (Incident, Change & Problem Management), and Business Continuity (DRP/DRaaS), resulting in improving organization security posture and achieve sustainable improvements in business performance.
SKILLS PURVIEW
• Project & Program Management • Merger & Acquisition / Divestiture • IT Risk Management
• Organizational Change Management • Cloud Enablement (Azure, AWS) • Stakeholder Management
• IT Infrastructure Management • IT Service Delivery (ITIL/ISO20000) • SAP ERP Implementation
• Agile/Waterfall Methodologies • Cybersecurity & Compliance (GRC) • Azure DevOps / Jira / MSP CAREER PROGRESSION
Oct 2023 – Jul 2024
Sr. IT Program Manager, Cybersecurity/ISRC, 3M Inc. Saint Paul, Minnesota Key Accountabilities
• Provided expert advisory services to internal stakeholders on NIST 800-53 complaint assessment, delivering strategic guidance and actionable solutions.
• Contributed to developing customized policies, procedures, controls, disaster recovery plans and technical documentation for applications, systems, and infrastructure.
• Oversaw the implementation of various cybersecurity improvement initiatives identified during maturity assessment and controls testing—e.g., ITAM Centralization, Architected IAM Solutions, Embedded Systems for addressing specific compliance mandates, formulation of Red & Blue Teams, and implementation of a comprehensive training and awareness program aligned with NIST CSF Protect Function.
• Orchestrating project schedules, establishing realistic timelines and milestones, monitoring progress, identifying potential delays, and taking proactive measures to keep projects on track.
• Developed and maintained comprehensive project documentation, including cutover schedule/planning, risk assessments (RAID), RACI Matrix, budget (SPI, ETC, PV, EAC), and communication strategy.
• Utilized SharePoint Site, Teams Channels, Jira, and MSP tools to collaborate with key stakeholders and PMO. Project & Achievements:
NIST 800-53 Maturity Assessment & Controls Testing: In coordination with key stakeholders, 3M successfully improved its security posture, increasing its CMMI target rating from 2.5 to 3.1. This improvement has significantly reduced identified vulnerabilities and empowered domain managers to strengthen controls and enhance functional areas proactively.
Implemented Centralized IT Asset Management (ITAM/PLM) Solution: In accordance with NIST recommendations, a centralized asset management solution was successfully implemented to effectively track 3M’s asset lifecycle from acquisition to disposal. Project objectives were achieved by implementing an asset management Page2
solution that complies with the NIS CSF. Prior to implementation, 3M relied on multiple tools for inventory management across the country, leading to significant challenges in maintaining consistency for inventory management and license tracking. Key Deliverables: Ivanti Neurons for end-point management and security, Ansible Open Source commercial tool for configuration management and automation.
Oversaw IAM Strategy and Design: Played a key role in developing and implementing comprehensive IAM strategies aligned with organizational objectives and regulatory requirements, ensuring compliance with mandates such as PCI DSS, GDPR, and HIPAA.
o Conducted risk assessment to identify IAM gaps and prioritize remediation. o Ensured compliance with industry regulations (e.g., SOX, NIST, GDPR) through IAM controls. o Contributed to refreshing IAM policies, standards, and procedures based on PCI DSS and GDPR.
Tech Risk Management Expansion: Implemented a robust centralized process to monitor and manage open vulnerabilities across the application portfolio. Enhanced the Risk Management System by integrating external cybersecurity feeds from CrowdStrike Falcon and NIST DB, strengthening the organization's cyber defense capabilities. Apr 2023 – Oct 2023
Sr. IT Project Manager, Excelerate Energy (Contract Role), O&G Sector, The Woodlands, Texas Key Accountabilities
• Successfully led multiple IT infrastructure improvement projects, coordinating resources across IT and within business operating units.
• Partnered with respective business leaders and associated IT managers/directors to ensure the quality of project deliverables.
• Ensured project activities were aligned to deliver the identified technology strategies and business goals/objectives while meeting quality, scheduling, budget, and IT standards requirements.
• Leveraged Agile, Waterfall, and Hybrid methodologies to ensure on-time and on-budget project delivery, mitigating risks through proactive identification and resolution.
• Regularly carried out project workshops, project sponsors, and project status meetings with relevant stakeholders.
• Leveraged PM tools, including Microsoft Projects, ServiceNow ITSM, SharePoint, JIRA, Teams, Office365 Projects & Achievements:
IT Infrastructure Azure Cloud Migration: Plan and execute migration of On-Premises SharePoint Servers to SharePoint online, File Servers to Azure Files, Dell APEX Backup, and Hybrid Exchange to Exchange Online
On-Prem SharePoint Migration to Azure SharePoint Online: o Led and managed a complex SharePoint migration project involving 2000 users and 6 terabytes of data to Azure Blob Storage using Azure Migration tools.
o Implemented hybrid search solution leveraging Azure Search and SharePoint Online for improved search capabilities.
o Developed and executed a comprehensive migration plan, including data mapping, testing, and cutover strategies.
o Successfully migrated 85 SharePoint sites and 8 custom applications to SharePoint Online. o Achieved robust security, scalability, and seamless integration with other Microsoft 365 Applications.
Modernization of Offshore IT Infrastructure: To safeguard EE operations from cyber threats, offshore offices, and vessels' IT security underwent a complete overhaul with state-of-the-art technology. o Successfully migrated 200 plus offshore user accounts to Azure AD with zero downtime. o Implemented single sign-on (SSO) solutions to enhance user experience and security. o Upgraded all offshore Windows Servers to 2022, increased server uptime by 98.96%, and leveraged the Azure Cloud platform for scalability, redundancy, and disaster recovery. o Updated firewalls and implemented strong authentication, encryption, and access controls. o Migrated all Windows endpoints, desktops, and laptops to Azure Virtual Desktops – enhanced user data and application security, simplified management, and improved disaster recovery. o Developed and meticulously documented innovative IAM and other identification policies and procedures to guarantee strict adherence to SOX regulations.
Sep 2022 – Mar 2023
IS Project/Program Manager, College of American Pathologists (CAP) - (Contract Role), Northfield, Illinois Page3
Key Accountabilities
• Leveraged Clarity Strategic Project Management (SPM) to lead project planning, resource management, scheduling, controlling, and reporting activities for assigned projects
• Oversaw project health of assigned projects and ensured project adhered its stated objectives and dedicated budget
• Defined clear and attainable project objectives, build project requirements, and manage constraints
• Optimize project progress reporting and cost tracking with SNOW PPM when updating stakeholders and the project team
• Conducted project planning, technical reviews, risk assessment and project status meetings
• Leveraged PM Tools, including MS Projects, ServiceNow, Clarity PPM, SharePoint, JIRA, Teams, Office365, Smartsheet, and Confluence
Projects & Achievements:
Merger and Acquisition – Post Merger: Vulnerability Remediation and Automation: o Successfully completed post-merger phase of Merger and Acquisition (M&A) activities to comply with the Company’s SOC 2 cybersecurity compliance. Activities included:
Oversaw remediation of 3000+ application and web servers, and database vulnerabilities, directed security patches and firmware updates, decommissioning, and automated legacy reporting using RedHat Ansible Tower and Power BI.
Led delivery of 95% of 100% SOC 2 compliant infrastructure. As part of these efforts, 80% of legacy servers were migrated to Azure Cloud and achieved ISO/IEC 27002 compliance on all network and cloud servers
Refresh Learning Management System (LMS) (System Enhancement Project): o The purpose of this project is to replace the legacy LMS system (Application platform that hosts education content for members and non-members that is laboratory professionals) with a new Web-based LMS vendor system that aligns with CAP’s strategic direction and addresses existing LMS pain points. The new system significantly improved user mobility and approval rating from 62% to 83% within four weeks
Labs Improvement Program (LIP) Taxonomy Management System – Master Data Management
(Strategic Project):
o Successfully implemented EnterWorks Multi-domain Master Data Management (MDM) to improve CAP data quality for reference data and the application of taxonomy data to product data, devised single, trusted version of back-end data in pursuit of operational excellence Feb 2020 – Aug 2022
IT Infrastructure Project Manager, City of Hope National Medical Center, Duarte, CA, USA Key Accountabilities
• Orchestrated all facets of hybrid agile projects, seamlessly combining Scrum and Waterfall methodologies -
• Developed comprehensive schedule and cost plans aligning with business objectives, timelines, budgets, and resources
• Formulated a Communication Plan, RACI chart, and RAID log to identify potential risks and clarify stakeholder roles
• Spearheaded day-to-day execution of project delivery process, providing guidance to cross-functional teams and leading crucial team meetings
• Prepared and presented regular project status reports, ensuring stakeholders and management were informed about project status, progress, risks, and issues
Projects & Achievements:
Migration of Legacy Telephony System to Cisco’s UCM Cloud Solution: o Expertly directed the seamless transition of Avaya telephony to Cisco VoIP Unified Communication Manager Cloud, including all necessary modifications to the IT infrastructure for the new voice infrastructure. Project was an outstanding success, switching from a CAPEX to OPEX model, resulting in impressive annual savings of
$230K, thanks to Cisco's unrivaled multi-cloud services. The total project cost was $4.5 million, worthy investment for significantly improving company's operations.
Hardware (Server, Desktop/Laptop) Refresh for Azure VDI Deployment for Remote Users: o Successfully refreshed end-user computing environment across all hospitals, contact centers, clinics, and remote offices. Completed within timeframe cloud migration, Exchange to Office 365, new Azure Virtual Desktops rollout, and hardware refresh. Dramatically improved remote users’ web app connectivity from 72% Page4
to 97% using Azure App Proxy and replaced VPN and TMG connectors for remote users to access corporate applications using SSO Azure AD Authentication over the internet. (Project CAPEX $470,000).
Implementation of Project Management System (ServiceNow Smart PPM): o Spearheaded successful transition to ServiceNow PPM, replacing their outdated project management system. This move aligns with CAP's strategic direction and addresses existing project management challenges. The new ServiceNow Smart PPM system has significantly improved project governance, risk management, and resource management. Within just four weeks, approval ratings have remarkably increased from 62% to 83%
Focused areas: Stakeholder Management • Infrastructure Upgrade • End-Point Security • Agile Change Management
• Migration to Cloud • RAID, ServiceNow Service Desk • Cisco UCM • Cisco Webex • Business Transformation • Asset Management • Power BI • ITIL v3 Framework • Vendor Management • Azure Microsoft 365 • AVD Desktop-as-a- Service • IT Service Management • Azure Network Topology • PLM / SDLC Apr 2016 – Nov 2019
Senior Manager IT Service Delivery at E-Marine PJSC (Emirates Telecommunication Group Company PJSC) Dubai, UAE Key Accountabilities
● Oversaw onshore and offshore IT, including – IT operations, digital transformation, cyber security, infrastructure, ERP Expansion, CRM Implementation, Web Services, HR, and more.
● Led the IT Service Delivery team and IT infrastructure support on and offshore for Middle East and African regions, providing expertise on cloud architecture, networking, end-user support, security, IT projects, and budget
● Substantially improved IT Operations and HR Services, reduced TCO for the head office in Dubai by planning and migrating critical business services to Azure Cloud (PaaS/IaaS)
● Directed designing, implementing, and leading operations of programs that secure people, facilities, equipment, executives, and intellectual property (IP). For example, DLP, RTLS for Asset Management, Access Control, and CCTV with face recognition capabilities
● Directed day-to-day governance and delivery of IT Service Management (ITSM) processes, including Change Management, Problem Management, Incident Management, and Major Incident Management Projects & Achievements:
Modernization of offshore/vessels IT infrastructure operations: o Modernized with Azure AD Integration and Azure App Proxy, benefiting remote and offshore users authenticate using SSO, using URL to access the corporate applications, no inbound connection to corporate network, replaced VPN Client provided key data insights across on-premises, mobile, and web-based platforms. Tightened security related to remote users, sped processing by 37%, and increased service level to 24x7
System Conversion SAP ERP ECC 6.0 to SAP S.4HANA (Digital Transformation Program): o Meticulously improved system availability in Marine Operations/Projects from 65% to 95% by migrating legacy SAP ERP to SAP S/4HANA (On-Premises), including business data and configuration o Significantly improved real-time access to ERP system over Citrix for e-procurement, vessel maintenance, project management, and HR Self-Service Portal for crew management.
Replacement of Service Desk to ServiceNow ITSM/PLM: o Delivered complete ITSM platform to improve IT department operational productivity – increased agent efficiency and sped up issue resolution by 30% in first quarter o End-user support management focused on customer satisfaction increased overall IT support satisfaction, usage, and compliance with ITIL v3 Framework from 62% to 78%. o Delivered high-quality services proactively and on a scale while continually improving our processes. Gain full visibility with built-in dashboards and real-time analytics
Planned and implemented ITIL v3 Framework, IT Governance and Information Security Policies, Procedures, and Guidelines of E-Marine in compliance with ISO/IEC 27001, ISO 22301, and ISO 15504, fulfilled internal and external audit requirements, significantly improved Service Management, and security process controls Nov 2012 – Mar 2016
Head of IT, Group of Companies United Al Saqer Group, Abu Dhabi Motors, UAE Page5
Key Accountabilities
● Oversaw planning and managing information and operational technology along with the management and direction of staff assigned to implement, administer, and operate the IT environment
● Served as executive lead for the Project Management team (PMO), overseeing and coordinating multiple interconnected projects that contribute to a strategic organizational goal
● Led 3-year Digital Transformation journey within group using Mobility, social media, Data Analytics, and Cloud technologies to catapult “UAS Customer Service Experience” of various auto dealerships to next level and Abu Dhabi Motors to become "Most Technologically Advanced” BMW dealership in entire ME region
● Implemented a comprehensive IT Governance framework, resulting in nearly a 60% reduction in cybersecurity incidents, by developing and executing a strategy outlining a combination of the COBIT IT governance model and ISO/IEC 27001 information security frameworks.
● Developed and executed a comprehensive IT infrastructure modernization strategy for Abu Dhabi Motors, reducing operational costs by $580,000 annually in licensing, shared services, and operation costs by outsourcing non-critical IT services to managed services.
Projects & Achievements:
Successfully directed $9 million annual budget for Digital Transformation of United Al Saqer Heavy Equipment: Developed and executed a comprehensive IT infrastructure modernization strategy, reducing operational costs by 1.2 million annually. The scope of work included Cloud Migration to Azure, Data Center Consolidation, revamped retail outlets' sales transition, eCommerce, and reporting to MS Navision ERP solution to deliver elevated customer experience.
o Optimized supply chain operations of United A Saqer Heavy Equipment Spare Parts Division by upgrading SAP 6 to SAP S 4/HANA, reducing lead times by 18% and inventory holding costs by 6,000,000. o Managed the rollout of new Microsoft Navision point-of-sale (POS) system, which increased sales and reduced transaction time.
o Increased spare parts sales by 20% through effective merchandise planning and assortment optimization. o Optimized store labor scheduling, leading to a whopping 35% reduction in labor costs.
Awarded 30% increment on M&A project - translating business strategy and objectives into “operating model,” revamped six IT departments into shared-service organization, achieved business agility through consolidating/integrating IT Infrastructure and application services for six companies, including telephony services, O365, Websites, etc.
Solved Internal Audit SOC 2 Priority #1: Modernized the IT Service Management system by implementing a 7x24 Cyber Management Center, Incident and Change Management, Network Monitoring System, and DLP to minimize potential targets for cyber frauds.
July 2006 – Oct 2012
Senior Manager, IT Infrastructure & Change, Lloyds Banking Group, UK/UAE Key Accountabilities
● Directed Enterprise IT Infrastructure, including server support, data storage, email, data center operations, demand management, funds transfer systems, ATM services, asset management, DR, and more.
● Developing resource plans, implementing and administering policy and operating procedures, documentation of all operational IT processes, and providing guidance on projects and their requirements to clients over technology, processes, and applications while updating them on regular project-related developments
● Enhancing infrastructure and ensuring continuous availability of licenses, file systems, support, along with maintaining, and analyzing, troubleshooting, and repairing server systems for large number of users Projects & Achievements
Spearheaded IT divestiture of Lloyds Bank Dubai's strategic disengagement after the merger with HSBC Bank. Successfully identified assets involved in the divestiture, selected data migration, system decommissioning, and closed down branches. Oversaw data and system security and compliance during and after the divestiture.
Promoted to this role following a critical role in the establishment of a cost-effective and robust IT infrastructure in previous position, as well as having driven high performance across the team Page6
Spearheaded complete transformation of Lloyds Bank Dubai’s central Data Center, gaining recognition from Group IT Director for achieving 99.99% guaranteed availability and receiving team accolades for maintaining excellent cross-departmental communication and collaboration
Played an instrumental role in modernizing Infrastructure and telecom Enhancement Projects, implemented VOIP AVAYA Phones, Undirected to Directed Networks, ACI Data Center Implementation, VDI, NAC, WIFI, Palo Alto, Backup & Storage Consolidation, Refresh, and Data Migration.
Successfully aligned change management policy to solve Group priority #1 objective to mitigate potential security risks and guarantee the smooth operation of critical banking services in line with SOC 2 compliance when managing changes in production and IT test environments
Successfully complied with UAE Central Bank technology-led regulatory initiatives by implementing inward/outward payment solution ICCS (Inward Check Clearing System), IBAN, UAE FTS (Funds Transfer System), LLNET and SWIFT disaster recovery solution
Achieved annual operational savings of CAPEX of $1.5M by leading migration of SWIFT Disaster Recovery to cloud-based SWIFT solution, significantly improved disaster recovery functionality through induction of SWIFT Hybrid Cloud solution
Received quarterly Top Performer and Team of the Year awards in 2008 & 2009, respectively, for excellent performance in delivery of 100% compliance payment systems with ISO/IEC 27001, HIPPA, and SWIFT CS
Improved System Availability from 72% to 99.999% by conducting periodical Business Resumption/Disaster Recovery (BCP Tests) for Business Impact Assessments within three years Oct 2004 – June 2006
Project Manager, IT Infrastructure, Future Pipe Industries, Dubai, UAE Key Accountabilities
• Headed up multiple concurrent middleware infrastructure projects, delivering to deadline, specification and budget
• Successfully implemented a new IT infrastructure platform across 4 international manufacturing sites in Texas, Mississippi, Qatar, and Oman, including SLA development, negotiation and approval Jan 1997 – June 2004
Systems Engineer, Fujitsu Computer Systems/Amdahl Tier-IV Data Center, Sunnyvale, California, USA EDUCATION
University of Phoenix, San Jose Campus, CA, USA (2001) M.Sc. Computer Information Technology (GPA 3.9/4.0) Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, IL, USA (1996) BSc. Management Information Systems (GPA 3.2/4.0)
TRAINING CERTIFICATIONS
Certified PSM 1 Scrum Master (2021)
Certified COBIT 5 Foundation (2017)
Certified Microsoft Project Management Professional (2012) Certified PMI® PMBOK (PMP) (2010 & 2016)
Certified ITIL Foundation v3 (2011)
Certified EPI - Data Centre Professional (2012)
SOFTWARE & COLLABORATION TOOLS: D365, SAP S/4HANA, O365, SharePoint, Smartsheet, Azure DevOps, Jira, MS Project Pro, Confluence, Microsoft Visio, Lucid Chart, ServiceNow ITSM, PPM, Clarity PPM, Teams AFFILIATION: Udemy for Professional Training, Microsoft Azure & AWS, ServiceNow Learning, PMI.org, SCRUM.org PERSONAL DETAILS: Texas, DL Permanent Resident – Green Card Holder Open to Relocate for Permanent and Long-Term Contract Role
Contact this candidate