Mark J Mangan
TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER / SCRUM MASTER
ad7xfz@r.postjobfree.com 732-***-****

SUMMARY
Highly accomplished IT professional with extensive background in the complete development life cycle. Strong analytical, communications, management skills. Especially adept at communicating progress and status to all levels of the organization, managing all project deliverables and reports, and utilizing IT management tools to the best advantage, including Clarity, SharePoint, JIRA, Confluence, and the MS Office suite, among others.

Extensive experience in all aspects of Application and Infrastructure Deployment
Superior Communication, Technical Writing, and Presentation skills
Certified Scrum Master® with multiple years hands-on Agile experience

SELECTED SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Citi
As a Delivery Manager in the bank’s EDW (Enterprise Data Warehouse) retail operations group, kept a major integration / implementation on track when a late-breaking design inconsistency threatened the entire release: guided the development, architecture and business user communities toward both a short-term and a complete fix, saving the company several hundred person-hours and a marketing nightmare.
Bank of America (Merrill Lynch)
Saved the company from a $1 million fine, to be levied in the UK, due to dropped files and inconsistent data in regulatory feeds. Led the effort to improve file transmission and data integration across numerous upstream sources for the bank’s Global Compliance Surveillance data repository, which tracks all of BOA and Merrill Lynch’s trading activity worldwide on a daily basis.

Deutsche Bank
Reporting to the newly appointed Senior Director in the Asset and Wealth Management Division, led his management team in the implementation of tailored dashboards and in the optimal use of data and PM tools such as JIRA, Quality Center, and Clarity, all in order to streamline processes and allow for a consistent window to the Deutsche community.

AT&T
Produced the Standard Operating Environment guidelines for their largest Business Unit. Compiled a 130-page document after working with the team to identify best products available.
As System Test Manager for a new global initiative, introduced test automation, and enforced quality gates to identify defects before they reached the division-wide test phase: thereby reducing defects found in testing by close to fifty percent.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Project Manager / Technical Writer / Teacher January 2018 – Present
Utilizing IT business consulting experience, together with advanced writing skills, produces excellent written product, and tailored for the particular audience. Also pursued his love of teaching and working with others: taught Math, Comp Science, and Project Management. Advises many students on essay writing, stressing the basics of proper grammar, spelling, and sentence construction and placement:. Meanwhile kept his Scrum and PM skills current by working on smaller company programs.

IT Project Manager – Financial Services, Telecom & Healthcare October 2011 – November 2017
Project / Release Management and Systems / Business Analysis for major clients. Specializing in large application development, functional areas included: data warehouse, ETL, reporting, data integration, system testing and production support. Manages and coaches teams in the best use of such data and project management tools as JIRA, Clarity, and Confluence. Clients included Verizon, Comet Global, Deutsche Bank, Citi Corp, AT&T, and J&J.

Independent Consulting – IT Project Manager & Business Analyst 2001 – 2011
In contract assignments, utilized his management and technical skills and experience to advise clients in the areas of IT Project Management, Systems Analysis, and Business Process improvements. Some key assignments included: AT&T, Verizon, Hewlett-Packard, and WebMD.

IMI Systems – Project/Program Manager 1997 – 2001
Led complex IT development projects for AT&T and other major corporate clients Each project was delivered on time, under budget, and in full conformance with all quality metrics. Among the innovations he introduced were: System Quality Gates, the incorporation of Test Planning into Functional Design, and formal inspections to better identify potential defects.

IBM Global Services – IT Architect 1996 – 1997
Used diverse systems background to assist clients with large scale conversions such as Year 2000. Clients included Lucent Technologies, AT&T and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.

AT&T – Senior Technical Specialist / Manager 1986 – 1996
The start of IT career. Rose quickly through the ranks, while consistently rating “far exceeds” on yearly reviews.

SELECTED TECHNICAL / MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE
Confluence, JIRA, Microsoft Office suite, MS Project, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, Clarity, HP Quality Center, COGNOS, Documentum

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Mathematics / Computer Science, Cum Laude Kean University, Union, NJ
Project Management Certification Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ
Certified Scrum Master® (CSM) Scrum Alliance
Plus post-graduate training through IBM, AT&T, Bell Labs and Stevens Institute of Technology
Contact this candidate