SARA SIDDIQ, PMP
Chino Hills, California ***** 951-***-****
ad7y8l@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com sara-siddiq

SUMMARY

A dynamic and detail-oriented Project Manager with 6 years of experience in Information Technology (IT) and health information technology field (HIT). Skilled in administrative operations, market implementation, managing clinical operations risk management, and strategic planning, with strong communication, organization, and sales/marketing training and development skills. Utilizes excellent interpersonal communication skills to connect with clients and build strong professional relationships. Proficient in delivering strong system administrative technical leadership and translating requirements into solutions. Proven success in resolving issues, ensuring accuracy and compliance, and exceeding expectations. Fluent in Dari and Farsi.
EXPERIENCE

AGILON HEALTH Anaheim, California
IT, IS Project Manager, EPMO 2018-2024

Planned and implemented multiple IT and clinical projects.
Defined project scope, goals, and deliverables.
Established tasks and required resources and collected and managed project team and budget.
Created project schedules / timelines and support and directed team.
Led quality assurance and reported on project status.
Presented to stakeholders reports on progress, problems, and solutions.
Implemented changes when necessary to meet project deliverables.
Evaluated and assessed result of project.

AGILON HEALTH Anaheim, California
Senior Decision Support Analyst 2016-2018

Created daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports for all departments.
Managed provider portal and helped physicians and provider relations managers with training / education on utilizing applications.
Provided access to employees/visitors to agilon’s four office locations.
Partnered with compliance department on creating audit reports via SQL application.
Organized office meetings, slides, and presentations.

HEALTHCARE PARTNERS MEDICAL GROUP Costa Mesa, California
Senior Health Advocate 2012-2016

Assisted employer groups in navigating health delivery services and preventative health programs.
Conducted on-site events and presentations for employer groups to present new and existing health services.
Coordinated patient care referrals and notifications to initiate health delivery services.
Allocated patients’ resources to meet health goals and overcome social barriers.
Participated in meetings to implement health services programming for employer groups.
Reviewed care plans for submission to insurance companies.
Oversaw status reporting to upper management.

GREENPOINT LENDING Santa Ana, California
Commercial Loa Account Executive 2008-2010

Maintained existing base of business and expanded volume within the region.
Contacted prospective customers directly with underwriting decisions to prepare them for closing.
Trained assigned branch staff to get involved in originating commercial loans.
Calculated borrower’s income and department servicing capacity.
Evaluated commercial/multifamily borrower’s portfolio to minimize company risk and maximize profitability.
Create financial analysis reports of commercial real estate, borrowers’ financial statements, lease reviews, and market research.
Provided expert financial advice on mortgages and both educational and personal loans.
Effectively maintained a robust base of productive client relationships.

EDUCATION

AMERICAN CAREER COLLEGE, Anaheim, California
Degree, Health Information Technology

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE

Project Management Institute (PMI)
Project Management Professional (PMP)
agilon Health
Certificate, Leadership
Allied Business
Real Estate License
Lean Six Sigma Green belt (in progress)

TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS Office Suite, Monday.com, SQL, Google Suite, Express, CORE, Jira, Monday.com, MS project, HEDIS, Salesforce, Epic, Health Connect and my Healthcare Manager
Contact this candidate