Christina Bolin Managed IT Solutions Consultant
Missouri - Remote ad816u@r.postjobfree.com 314-***-**** Experienced Enterprise Account Manager with 25+ experience in Managed IT Services, Digital Transformation, Workflow Automation, RPA, and SaaS. Focused on improving customer outcomes through active listening and understanding customer priorities, initiatives and desired outcomes. Understanding every client engagement is unique and requires a commitment to building long-term relationships, integrity, and a willingness to do whatever it takes to achieve the clients' goals. Responsible for negotiating complex services and solutions contracts, developing statements of work, engaging cross-functional teams, and encouraging critical thinking and innovative solutions. CORE EXPERTISE
Experienced Enterprise Account Manager Client Focused Developing C-Suite Relationship Contract Negotiation Managed IT Services Digital Transformation SaaS Solutions Workflow Automation Cloud Migration Passionate about Client Outcomes Results Driven Lifelong Learner PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Independent Consultant Mar. 2024 – Current
Managed Services
Managed Print Services & Security Consultant Xerox Corporation Mar. 2017 – Mar. 2024
Implemented Managed IT Services in Fortune 500 companies while building long term C-Suite relationships
Crafted Statements of Work and Master Services Agreements for Managed Services engagements
Negotiated complex services and solution contracts, securing favorable terms for all stakeholders
Lead cross-functional teams in creative thinking, problem solving and uncovering innovative solutions
Achieved $23 million in revenue in FY 2023 by securing Managed Services, Software and Solutions contracts
Exceeded sales quota by 6 X through renewing and growing revenue in existing accounts, new logo revenue Senior Enterprise Client Manager Copying Concepts, A SumnerOne Company Apr. 2010 – Mar. 2017
Executed sales solutions from manufacturers including Konica Minolta, HP, Canon, Kyocera and Lexmark, and software including DocuSign, Levi, Ray & Shoup, Paper Cut, Printer Logic, and PrintReLeaf sustainability offerings
Mentored junior sales associates in mastering sales techniques, enhancing team performance and sales-readiness
Surpassed annual sales targets by over 125%, earning recognition of Chairman's Club from 2011 to 2016 US Client Manager Hewlett Packard Services May 1999 – Apr. 2010
Fostered strategic relationships with Fortune 1000 C-Suite, being recognized as a long-term trusted advisor
Collaborated with HP leadership to develop and implement a direct sales GTM strategy for HP Direct Managed Print Services, enhancing client engagement, service delivery, and growing new revenue streams
Coordinated a direct and channel sales approach, managing direct customer engagements alongside channel partner led relationships to maximize reach, revenue, and expanding Managed Print Solutions offering
Recorded the largest sale to a single customer in the history of Hewlett-Packard's printer division in 2002
Appointed to present HP Digital Workplace Solution to the Sales team at the National Sales Conference in 2001
Achieved the HP Goldquest award in 2002, placing in the top 5% of sales performers globally due to outstanding sales leadership and performance.
Major Account Manager Copying Concepts, A SumnerOne Company Apr. 1989 – April 1999
Guided junior sales associates in mastering sales techniques, enhancing team performance and sales-readiness.
Developed and executed integrated sales solutions utilizing various products from manufacturers like Konica Minolta, HP, and Lexmark, alongside software such as DocuSign and PrinterLogic.
Surpassed annual sales targets by over 125%, earning recognition in the Chairman's Club from 2011 to 2016. EDUCATION
University of Missouri – St. Louis August 1983 – December 1989 B.S. Business Administration Minor: Finance & Economics
Contact this candidate