Joe Chan, MBA
416-***-**** ad81xk@r.postjobfree.com
Profile
A senior leader with over 18 years of diverse IT and business management experience. Expertise includes a foundation of solid technical skills, client services, project/program management, vendor/partner management, team leadership, pre/post-sale consulting and business development. Highly organized, motivated and detail oriented, with the ability to undertake challenges and solve problems with enthusiasm. Strategic and entrepreneurial with a demonstrated capacity to adapt to changing environments and find opportunities to contribute to business profitability. Professional Experience
Extendicare Inc.
Senior Manager, IT Building Technologies Feb 2022 – Current
Oversees all current life safety technologies in all 160 Extendicare LTC buildings across Canada, as well as budgeting and execution of IT related CAPEX projects.
Managed all IT scope for an opening of 256 beds LTC building in Sudbury Ontario (March 2024), and to open 2 more large LTC new buildings in November 2024, including decommissioning planning and execution of all IT infrastructure and equipment.
Stream lead for the Revera/Extendicare transition of operation management of 60 LTC buildings in 2023.
Successfully managed IT scope of building occupancy for an operation managed client for 4 LTC buildings in Ontario.
Provided IT consultation as a service to other LTC organizations who are looking to build or expand their existing portfolio.
Spearheaded a technology strategic roadmap for bringing life safety systems from facilities to IT, including standardization of technologies, national support vendors selection, and operational support.
Successfully negotiated contracts with vendors in construction projects and achieved an overall 15% cost savings.
Oversees all IT related scope (life safety, core IT network infrastructure, telephony and security) for in- construction new builds (5), as well as all pipeline construction projects (20+).
Created and maintained IT/construction specifications document to be use as design guidelines for new construction projects.
Actively looking for new technologies and work with other departments on pilot projects to enhance safety, wellness, and residents’ experience with a future expendability and integratable focus.
Manages, coaches and grow team by providing ongoing training, mentoring, and career development. Amica Senior Lifestyles
Manager, Building Technologies Jan 2020 – Feb 2022
Oversaw all current technologies in Amica buildings.
Ownership of all low voltage technology components for Amica’s new builds, expansions and renovation projects, including IT (low voltage) budget for all construction projects.
Budget ownership - $20million+ in construction IT budget, and $3million in yearly CAPEX IT projectsfor residences. Work closely with other departments for project and budget evaluation, negotiation and presentation to SLT for approval.
Completion of Amica White Rock (2020), Swan Lake (2021), Pickering (2022) construction projects (IT scope) within timeline and budget.
Excellent relationship management with vendors/partners/trades, and industry leaders.
Managed, coached and grewteam members in project management, operational support, and career growth.
Joe Chan, MBA
416-***-**** ad81xk@r.postjobfree.com
Provides timely KPI and financial reporting to senior leadership team. Manager, Enterprise Applications – Interim (Contract) Sep 2019 – Jan 2020
Ownership of all Amica’s enterprise systems and their support for Amica residences and support offices.
Oversaw all applications projects including project governance.
Managed a team of 5 talented team members including systems analysts, systems support and data analyst.
Participated in annual budgeting for IT for 2020. Senior Project Manager, IT (Contract) Jan 2019 – Sep 2019
Managed a multi-projects program for financial system upgrade (Yardi), worked with vendor to deliever 6 initiatives including AP/AR process revamp and improvement, major system upgrade, Vendors and client facing portals (Vendor Café, and Rent Café), and payment processing.
Managed an internal client facing process improvement initiative, involving business units throughout Canada, under a tight timeline and extensive ambiguities. Awards
Receipient of a Perserverance Award in 2019 and 2020. Torstar Corporation
Senior Project Manager, Transformation Office (Contract) Jan 2018 – Jan 2019
Managed a business transformation program consists of integration of finance, AP, Payroll and HRIS systems between Torstar group of entities, part of a 3-year road map. Major focus on business process improvement and efficiency.
Completed phase 1 of the workstream program (Smartstream to Lawson migration) on time despitevery aggressive timeline and resource constraints.
Timely reporting to executive steering committee as well as other key business stakeholders for progress updates, risks and issues, and soliciting key project decisions.
Worked effectively with diverse stakeholders, unions, with high amount of ambiguities surrounding consolidation of departments within business units. Sienna Senior Living Inc.
Project Manager, IT PMO 2016 –2018
Successfully implemented Sienna business and IT projects such as ADFS, Cognos TM1 Upgrade, Yardi Security, MDM Solution etc, with competing priorities and resource constraints in a matrix environment.
Completed a 2 year “Wireless Retirement and LTC Project” with heavy focus on technology improvement in all Sienna’s Long Term Care and Retirement facilities (over 80 buildings), including window-to-window wireless solution, mobile point-of-care, IoT for operational application.
Implemented an “Accounts Payable Centralization Project” with OCR technology, Procure to Pay process improvement, and overall AP process redesign for all of Sienna – 70 LTC / Retirement homes and head office, with over 9000 total user impacted.
Effectively negotiated pricing with vendors while maintaining excellent vendor relationships, resulted in cost savings for multiple projects – Mobile Point-of-Care, Self-Served Password Reset, Wireless Retirement and Long Term Care projects.
Part of the PM documentation/artifacts team to revamp all project related documentations as well as standardizing processes and governance.
Joe Chan, MBA
416-***-**** ad81xk@r.postjobfree.com
Toyota Canada Inc.
Consultant, IT PMO (Contract) 2014 – 2015
Oversaw portfolios and project deliveries for the ePMO and IS teams.
Provided IS management withstrategic design and execution of project governance, as well as introduced project control metrics,project management governance framework, operational process improvement such as PMLC, RACI, and project artifacts revamp.
Spearheaded anIS resource allocation and capacity planning initiative as part of IS FY15 roadmap mandate, recommendations presented to senior management with positive feedbacks.
Provided expertise on project management methodologies, conducted trainings for IS teams,and chaired ePMOand business teams’ lessons learned meetings.
Provided monthly reports for IS and business senior management on project control, KPI reports, and provided key budget tracking and forecast to corporate finance for analysis. Patheon Canada Inc. (Now Thermo Fisher Scientific) Project Manager, IT 2013 - 2014
Successfully implemented a high profile lab automation solution project with new infrastructure and data center to replace a legacy chromatography system with over 70 acquisition servers in 3 Canadian sites in a highly regulated pharmaceutical manufacturing environment.
Completed a Portfolio Project Management (PPM) system rolloutproject to all users globally to replace an aging EPM system. Act as SME on Project Management methodology and process improvement, as well as portfolio management reporting functionality.
Vendor management for projects that requires RFP, contracts negotiation, ongoing vendor relationship management throughout project lifecycle.
Ongoing responsibility as a PMO Advisor, providing PPM system, PM methodology expertise and support for North American and European users.
Solution Q Inc. (Contract)
Senior Consultant 2012 - 2013
Provided portfolio &project management expertise through a consultative approach by analysing clients’ PMO and project management processes in order to provide recommendations for improvements.
Implemented EclipsePPMportfolio project management system for US and Canadian clients (in various industries) through data gathering workshops and provided in depth training for client SMEs, administrators andsenior management.
Engaged client discussions on change management approach and provided best practices on transitions.
GLAXOSMITHKLINE (GSK) Jan – Jul 2012
Project Manager, eForms Services, Global IT (Contract)
Engaged to manage a number of GSK internal IT projects in preparation for a global SAP integration in 2014. Role comprised GAP analysis, risk mitigation, project road-mapping and overall project planning.
Spearheaded a Marketing Study to investigate and evaluate eForms department’s (self-funded department under GSK Global IT) business development issues in regards to future promotions and revenue generation.
Member of the department's Operations Process Improvement Committee focusing on improving project and process efficiency via revamping the overall process flow to gain efficiency, risk mitigation and process re-engineering.
Joe Chan, MBA
416-***-**** ad81xk@r.postjobfree.com
RICOH Canada 2011 – 2012
Senior Project Manager – Document Services and Solutions (Contract)
Successfully implemented a $4 Million, 500+ devices managed print solution deployment project for the City of Hamilton on time/budget despite an extremely aggressive timeline and a severe inventory constraint at the time due to the 2011 Japan earthquake.
Worked on the RFP and planning phase of a $15 Million print solution project forLoblaw Canada with a multi-phased timeline of >24 months.
Successfully planned a 200+ devices rollout project for City of Sudbury that led to RFP opportunity for Sudbury Police Department.
HRSMART CANADA (Now DelTek) 2007 – 2011
Project Manager – HRIS Solutions
Successfully managed medium to large scale web e-Commerce and HRIS System implementations including integrations with 3rd party ERPs and payroll systems.
Successfully completed a HR System implementation project for Sony Canada 4 weeks ahead of schedule, resulting in cost savings of >20% while maintaining quality and exceptional client service.
Managed over 40 projects across various industries in the US, Canada, South America, and Europe with enterprise clients including CI Investments, Hudson’s Bay, Weston Foods, G4S Security, Mount Sinai Hospital and North York General Hospital.
SEASON Group LTD. 2006 – 2007
Project Manager
Oversaw all US clients and successfully managed projects ranging from $100K to $2.5M with life cycles from 6 months to 5 years via 3 direct reports in Eastern/Mid Central US.
Developed prototype and deployment strategy, with extensive stakeholders’ & clients management, effectively managed multidisciplinary teams globally.
Liaised with various departments to ensure smooth running of projects in Canada, USA, Malaysia and China, effectively managing project plans, scope, budget, issues and risks in order to mitigate financial penalties.
Other related professional experiences available upon request (prior to 2006). Education & Professional Development
MBA - Richard Ivey School of Business, University of Western Ontario, 2012 Project Management Certification Program -Humber College, 2005 Post Graduate Diploma -Applied Information Technology, Information Technology Institute, 2002 BA - Political Science, University of Western Ontario, 1998
Contact this candidate