Lee Koenig PSM
**** *********** **** ***.********.com/in/leekoenig Cell: 314-***-****
St. Louis, MO. 63129 ad8en0@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
An IT Manager/Senior Manager with extensive experience in data warehousing, data acquisition/analytics, IT Development, DevOps and Automation, and IT infrastructure including Networking, Security and Cloud Technologies, Extremely adaptive person with recognized excellence in team building, creativity, problem solving, strategic thinking and process creation/standardization, Extensive experience in overseeing vendor relationships, negotiating SOWs and contracts, Have had much success managing an extended workforce. 15 years experience in Agile Scrum (Scrum.Org Professional Scrum Master certified), Agile Kanban and Waterfall methodologies. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Charter Spectrum June 2020 to Present
12405 Powerscourt Dr, St. Louis, MO 63131
IT Manager (Full Time Conversion) - Data Assets Automation - Hired on full time to manage team that was an extension of the automation project I originally was hired to complete.
● Expanded team from 2 developers to 5 and hired Scrum Master for Agile Scrum process we had developed to manage work.
● Team has worked extensively on enterprise level effort to develop DBaaS offering in internal cloud infrastructure and Public Cloud (Azure and AWS).
● Support SQL, Oracle, No-SQL, Storage and Data Security platforms with automation that assists with operational duties: Patching, Provisioning, Client installation, upgrades, etc… Project Manager III (Contract) - Hired to take over a large project that had stalled due to the release of a third party vendor originally hired to build automation for infrastructure procurement, patching, upgrades and inventory management/reporting. Also tasked with implementing Agile PM and SDLC methodologies to teams within the Data Management Infrastructure department
● Currently leading an effort to integrate automation we have developed to provision data bases into the CMP tool within the New Blue Cloud.
● Leading a team of Oracle APEX, Ansible and Analytic developer resources to develop infrastructure automation, IAC, and other DEVOPS type automation to procure, patch, manage, etc infrastructure for Oracle, SQL, Storage and Database Security infrastructure. Seeing 80% to 95% saving in manpower in efforts like quarterly patching and environment build out. Successes are getting attention and scope of effort is growing at a rapid pace.
● Build auto-discovery and other methods to build and maintain infrastructure inventory for automation and dashboarding which will provide KPIs and other metrics related to Oracle, SQL, Storage and Data Security to Executive Management.
● Developing new agile methodologies using Jira Kanban and Confluence for development team workflows and collaboration.
● Refining SDLC standards to ensure requirements, development and support artifacts are better defined and in line with our efforts to meet company expectations. Velocity has increased 70% since taking over the effort.
● Also helping to build the Automation Team by developing pipelines for work and interviewing prospects to fill resource needs. Putting together a plan for operationalizing future development and support.
● Provide quarterly and annual presentations to Director and VP levels for future budgeting and direction. Enterprise Holdings July 1999 to April 2020
500 Corporate Park Drive, St. Louis, MO 63105 Phone 314-***-**** Senior Manager – Decision Support 3.0 (Azure)- DevOps– April 2019 to April 2020 Managed various teams that developed and supported EHI’s Azure based data streaming platforms. Responsibilities ranged from data ingestion, platform and data security, infrastructure and release operations. Also had ownership of one team that developed and enhanced a Spark streaming application that saved the company 10 million dollars annually.
● Developed a large effort utilizing 8 of my direct reports (Dev Ops) to harden and operationalize the EHi platform built to provide streaming, real-time feeds via Spark processes to the business. The entire effort was managed using Agile Scrum methodology and implemented in Jira, MS Teams and Confluence. The following phases are not all-inclusive: o We worked to identify and fill gaps in security and resiliency throughout the Azure Cloud infrastructure. o Enhancements to environment support and automation such as developing Infrastructure as Code methods using Terraform and automating release CI/CD processes. o Documentation and standardizing all the above. Create RACI, Arch and support Confluence sites.
● Took ownership of an application that streamed vehicle telematic data in from some of our car vendors to be used at our rental counters and devices. We built dashboarding and alerting methods utilizing Azure Application Insights that became the standard for other applications in the Titan space. Senior Manager – Decision Support Teradata ETL/Reporting – Sept 2012 to April 2019 Had direct reports consisting of project managers, managers, engineers/developers and architects to support various business areas such as Marketing, Fleet, Financial and Analytics.
● In March 2017 I was chosen to lead all of Rental Reporting which provides all core, operational reporting the business depends on to make decisions on Daily Rental, Pricing and Revenue Management.
● Chose a team of 4 and managed the effort to migrate our Core Reporting delivery to the Azure Cloud. This was the first part of an effort to migrate most of our reporting and reporting infrastructure to our recently built Azure space.
● As part of EHI’s expansion into other parts of the world, my team successfully provided franchisees under the EHI umbrella with reporting that mirrored the business metrics that are in use today within EHI.
● As Jira was introduced, took the lead to develop Jira scrum and Kanban practices that were adopted by the entire department
● In order to introduce a new technology to our engineering team, ran a hackathon-style POC on Hadoop to get engineers acquainted and understand the platform. Met with various vendors who competed for our first Hadoop cluster to be utilized within EHI for Data Warehouse offset. Implemented successfully.
● Developed and maintained regular sessions with Director to AVP level audience to develop strategies and priorities for work requests from Rental, Franchisee and Revenue Management Senior Project Manger – Infrastructure Management – May 2006 to Jan 2012 Managed medium to large scale projects that were at a minimum interdepartmental and typically included external vendors and/or business partners that were intended to make enterprise wide change.
● Led very-large project to build out infrastructure for a new report delivery platform based on Microsoft SharePoint integrated with MS SSRS and SSAS to render pre-developed reports against a Teradata backend and deliver critical business metrics via the SharePoint web interface to EHI Corporate branches worldwide. ‘Report Web’ is still being used to this day and delivers over 3 million SSRS, SSAS and SAS reports monthly.
● During a very large program to implement SAS forecasting tools in which I played a key PM role, a lead engineer and I designed and developed one of the first Agile Scrum based projects at Enterprise.
● Chosen to be part of a committee to, among other things, create methods for broad communication of resource needs and availability using MS Project resource management tools. This was one of many committees I participated in to redevelop Program Management at EHI.
Project Manager/Lead – Infrastructure Management – March 2005 to May 2006 Manage architectural design/deployment effort during Tier 1 application development projects. Responsibilities include:
● Facilitate meetings with project sponsors to understand and define project requirements and goals.
● Manage assigned technical resources in the development of case studies, architectural documentation and project work plans to manage the design effort through all phases of the development lifecycle. Implementation Coordinator – November 2003 to March 2005 Manage/Coordinate LAN/MAC activity throughout the Enterprise environment including PC, Server and infrastructural change.
● Streamlined existing server installation processes, consolidating planning, process and scheduling Excel spreadsheets into a single, interdepartmentally shared tool. Increased work capacity by 20% with 20% fewer resources. Supervisor – Client Server Installations – July 1999 to November 2003 Promoted to Senior technician within 6 months of hire. Promoted to Supervisor of the daily activities team in February of 2001. Took over larger responsibility for large scale LAN installations at corporate and remote locations, including the UK and Germany, in September of 2002. Responsibilities include: Datamax Office Solutions - St. Louis Missouri September 1988 to July 1999 Digital Solutions Specialist/Manager - Provide technical and sales support for the Canon ColorPASS and Fiery series of UNIX based Postscript interpretation devices. Also spent prior years as Supervisor of technical support teams.
● Met with IT Administrators at businesses throughout the St. Louis area to develop connectivity configuration for Fiery and ColorPASS servers in Windows NT, Novell, UNIX, Macintosh and AS400 LAN platforms/topologies.
● Technical support – all hardware, network and OS issues. Became resource for Canon Technical Support Center in Dallas to funnel advanced issue calls.
EDUCATION
Southeast Missouri State, Cape Girardeau, Missouri Bachelor of Science degree in Electronics/Comm Technology. Minors: Physics and Computer Science. CERTIFICATIONS
Scrum.Org Professional Scrum Master - https://www.scrum.org/certificates/543356
Contact this candidate