Anthony Robinson
Senior HRIS Specialist/PM
917-***-****

Senior project oriented, HRIS/IT systems specialist and SME with strong functional and technical skills. In addition, acquired extensive project leader and project manager experience over the past 15 years or more. Proficiency in IS/IT systems for software development, implementations and upgrades using SDLC methodology and systems support. Primary focus has mostly been on HRIS modules and applications. Most recently served successfully as a Workday data conversion and assistant integrations lead.

Professional Experience
Senior HRIS Specialist
Sporting Goods Company, PA
08/2020 – 08/2023
Module(s): HR, BenAdmin, Payroll
Data Conversion lead for Workday implementation
Assistant lead for Integrations
Lead for internal Audit
Production level support for HRIS and Payroll initiatives
Functional analysis for system integrations for Taleo, Yello, BlackBaud, Sterling, DailyPay, EightFold, Lincoln Financial, Tangoe, MarketPay, E-Trade, Equifax, ServiceNow
Implementation of Fluid functionality for HR/Benefits/Payroll
Functional lead for system improvements i.e. On-Boarding, Employee Self Service

Senior HRIS Project Lead
ERP Consulting Company, NJ
11/2018 – 08/2019
Module(s): Benefits, BenAdmin, HR, ACA, Payroll
●Implemented ACA module for current and retro processing saving the clients millions of dollars
●Functional and technical production level support for HR, Benefits and Payroll including set up, configuration, testing and troubleshooting.
●Corporate reorganization, end of calendar and fiscal year tasks.

HRIS Project Lead/Senior Manager
I.T. Consulting Firm, NY
05/2013 – 11/2018
Module(s): BenAdmin, Leave Accrual, COBRA Administration, Benefits billing, Absence Module
●Implemented and managed set up, configuration, testing, and troubleshooting for enhanced PTO (vacation) plan in HRIS 9.2.
●Technical analysis, diagnosis, and repair of custom leave accrual program, including design, set up, and configuration of paid sick leave plan for California employees.
●Implementation of HRIS HCM 9.2 Base Benefits, BenAdmin and eBenefits.
●KRONOS integration (Advanced Scheduler) for leave accruals.
●Created Benefits reconciliation process for implementation into HRIS 9.2.
●Design and analysis of a custom Benefits reconciliation process initially created in Access.
●Performed process reengineering required for COBRA, census, and error reconciliation impacting the external billing process.
●HRIS Project Manager for Annual Open Enrollment (OE), 401(k) match eligibility.
●Upgrade of HRIS 9.0 to 9.2.
●Created functional and technical specifications.
●Benefits team lead for redesign of 401(k) process and benefits lead for reimplementation of HRIS, leave accrual consolidation, and ACA compliance.
●Executed re-design and configuration of employee benefits plans and educational loans program.
●Collaborated with development team to design system, reports, etc.
●Trained Benefits Administrators, HRIS and I.T. personnel in configuration, implementation, deployment, and maintenance of automated BenAdmin system.

HRIS Lead
ERP Consulting Company, NJ
11/2011 - 05/2013
Module(s): Benefits, BenAdmin, Employee Self Service (ESS)
●Managed upgrade of BenAdmin from HRIS 8.9 to 9.1.
●Designed, tested, and implemented heavily customized ESS eBenefits system.
●Prepared BenAdmin to support OE process for all employees across 10 benefits programs.
●Supported implementation of customized Retirement Payroll System.

HRIS Project Manager
I.T. Consulting Firm, NY
02/2003 - 09/2011
Module(s): HR, BenAdmin, Payroll, ESS, Succession Planning, Absence Module
●Implemented several ESS components, including marital status, tax information, and Direct Deposit.
●Created project plan, business requirements, and functional/technical specifications.
●Analyzed and documented requirements and procedures for the Taleo to HRIS interface program including field validation and data mapping to load hires/re-hires from Taleo.
●Managed upgrade of HRIS HCM 8.3 to 9.1, including user acceptance and parallel testing.
●Developed Employee Service Center and ESS test scripts, entrance/exit criteria, design and delivery documents.
●Created Test Plan, completed QA, and supported training and documentation for PS Query.
●Performed QA (quality assurance and analysis) tasks using best practice policies and process testing for HRIS HCM 9.0 implementation.
●Validated use and function of core configuration tables, customizations, and security profiles, including customized Job Requisition process utilizing HRIS Portal and Taleo.
●Accomplished go-live of HRIS HCM 9.0 implementation in 3 months.
●Management and development of data conversion projects (utilizing Component Interface), Succession Planning, Headcount/Turnover, and EEO reporting.
●System and user acceptance testing for functional/technical development of the Payroll Interface.
●Created interim Payroll Interface from HRIS to ADP PCPW and multiple custom queries.
●Performed technical support.

Skills

HRIS Modules
●Human Resources
●Base Benefits
●Benefits Administration
●eProfile/eBenefits
●Payroll/Payroll Interface
●Employee/Manager Self-Service
●Absence Module
●People Code
●Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
●AppDesigner
●Process Scheduler
●SQL/SQR
●PS Query
●Component Interface
Methodologies
●Software Development Life Cycle
●Agile
●SCRUM

Education and Professional Development

Workday Training
HCM, Payroll, Recruiting

PMI Member
PMP Certification in progress

PeopleSoft, Inc.
Technical and functional classes for certifications and updates, including HRMS, Financials, PeopleTools, PeopleCode, Development, and Upgrades.

Pace University
MIS Major
Contact this candidate