Kevin P. Monahan
508-***-**** ad8mjj@r.postjobfree.com Middleboro, MA 02346 LinkedIn
IT PROJECT MANAGER
Versatile, results-focused, detail-oriented IT Project Manager with remarkable fifteen-year career spanning both systems administration and management of classified and unclassified information systems, with expertise in technology management for government institutions. Adept at spearheading process enhancements and fostering system-wide standardization to promote commitment to operational excellence. Proficient in strategic evaluation of technologies to support immediate and enduring IT initiatives with ability to shape technological landscape for optimal outcomes. Adept at cultivating collaborative cross-functional teams, ensuring precision, uniformity, and efficient troubleshooting while adhering to project guidelines. A seasoned leader capable of delivering results in demanding IT environments.
Skills Profile
Project & Program Management Leadership & Team Building Continuous Process Improvement
Technology Evaluation Strategic Planning & Analysis Risk Management
Stakeholder Communications System Administration Requirements Management
Systems Engineering Configuration Management Earned Value Management
System Architecture / Design Government Contracting Information Assurance
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Intralot Duluth, GA 04/2024-Present
Operations Support Specialist
Assist with auditing, planning, directing and coordinating the operations of site programs and projects for operational effectiveness. Communicating with local teams to make sure they are meeting contractual obligations, customer service goals and objectives as established by the corporate operations team.
Offer custom-made integrated solutions which ensure maximum efficiency and absolute security.
Advanced product development standards and substantial experience in operating lottery games.

Purvis Systems Middletown, RI 8/2022 – 02/2024
Project Manager
Manage and oversee Fire Stations Alerting System projects and serve as primary customer interface for project implementation for company building and supporting technology solutions for Fire & EMS Departments and 911 & Communication Centers. Facilitate seamless project implementation and communication throughout the full project lifecycle to deliver cutting-edge solutions to meet clients’ goals. Coordinate project activities to ensure timely delivery and foster strong client relationships. Consistently deliver projects on schedule and within budget.
Produced millions of dollars in revenue for company by scrupulously maintaining project schedules for multiple projects with high success rate for many new add-on Fire System Alerting systems coming online across country.
Increased flow of information by rewriting outdated processes to streamline efficiency and quality of work.
eNow, Inc. Warwick, RI 2/2022 – 7/2022
Project Manager
Ensured seamless execution of projects focused on providing mission-critical platforms for transportation industry. Directed seamless execution of projects and provided strategic guidance to teams and projects to promote company culture. Led cross-functional teams to coordinate end-to-end project lifecycle, from planning and resource allocation to risk management and quality assurance. Collaborated with clients and internal stakeholders to define project scope, milestones, and deliverables. Proactively addressed challenges to ensure timely and successful delivery of essential transportation solutions.
Introduced Quality Control processes and divided subcontractors into smaller groups to facilitate communication and move projects forward.
Reorganized engineering resources to tackle projects and build Return-on-Investment (ROI) value, allowing for cross-utilization of engineering resources to deliver projects on schedule and within budget.
General Dynamic Mission Systems Taunton, MA 3/2020 – 10/2021
IT Manager - Limited Access Area
Supported critical defense and intelligence services and systems essential to nation’s security. Collaborated closely with key customers to lead development of innovative solutions tailored to execution of high-stakes national security missions. Ensured seamless operation of intricate technology environments while upholding highest standards of security, confidentiality, and reliability. Translate assignment goals and objectives to define, deliver, and support strategic planning processes. Collaborated with staff and customers to determine system requirements and ensure timely delivery.
Reorganized inventory management processes to ensure inspection and smooth repurposing, saving thousands of dollars.
Windmill International / ManTech International Hanscom AFB, MA 8/2017 – 1/2020
Program Manager (Contract)
Supported CENTCOM-directed Joint Urgent Operational Needs by spearheading implementation of critical capabilities for Operation Inherent Resolve. Delivered platform-agnostic, 24/7 Full Motion Video range extension capability, Full Motion Video Extension, and Unified Relay (FEURY), with purpose of gathering near-real-time, high-quality full-motion video to empower tactical operations and mission operation centers, providing invaluable insights for informed decision-making in support of combat success. Ensured effective deployment and operation of advanced technologies to contribute to achievement of vital national security objectives.
Provided expert-level issue resolutions and recommendations to achieve desired program objectives.
Planned budget and analyzed operations to improve expense efficiency, demonstrating knowledge of financial processes and results.
Directed development of Airborne Global Information Grid (GIIG) Interface to extend AF Network services to AF air and ground users of commercial satellite systems to improve network communications capabilities.
Coordinated internal resources and vendors for flawless execution of projects to build Air Force Cyber Defenders (ACD) Data Wall throughout project lifecycle.
Raytheon Portsmouth, RI 12/2016 – 7/2017
Information Assurance Manager
Oversaw and guided team of Information Assurance (IA) professionals to effectively implement comprehensive IA program aligned with government requirements, including NISPOM (National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual) and NIST (National Institute of Standards and Technology) guidelines and company policies. Ensured robust security posture of organization’s information systems and data assets and maintained compliance with regulatory frameworks.
Served as Information System Security Manager (ISSM) of Record responsible for all classified IS compliance.
Directed components of Information Assurance (IA) Program certification testing and security sustainment activities.
Oasis Systems LLC / BTAS Hanscom AFB, MA 6/2015 – 12/2016
Project Lead (Contract)
Provided dynamic leadership for Theater Deployable Communications (TDC) – NCC-D Expandable Virtual Environment engineering projects, guiding technical teams and designing overall system architecture. Directed activities and contributed to project management for assigned services site deployment efforts, including requirements definition and analysis, site survey, and edge design. Introduced new technologies to drive project execution and ensure seamless deployment and integration of cutting-edge solutions aligned with security imperatives, cost evaluations, and architectural enhancements. Played pivotal role in facilitating informed decisions for procuring network solutions. Managed program financial status and reporting.
Researched and verified data in Weekly and Monthly Acquisition Reports and Status Reports and provided consolidated Annual Historical Reports.
Directed activities of project leads and assisted with project management activities for site deployment efforts, including requirements definition and analysis, site survey and design, and installation / checkout of Services at AF bases worldwide.
Facilitated and supported AFLCMC/HNI and HNID Cyber Infrastructure Branch project meetings and reviews, team building, strategic planning, and other ad hoc activities.
Raytheon Garland, TX 9/2008 – 6/2015
Site Lead, Senior Systems Engineer
Oversaw system administration and maintenance tasks linked to monitoring and managing Unix workstations and servers and managed system engineer daily activities in the DCGS environment. Drove essential administrative operations, including configuration adjustments, troubleshooting, system backup and restoration, and user account management. Sustained optimal system operational availability, guided installations, and crafted innovative resolutions for technical challenges. Maintained active communication with multiple project managers to transfer information on ongoing projects and kept strong professional relationships with Military Commanders.
Successfully managed all phases of Full Motion Video (FMV) missions with 99.8% operational availability.
PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
Network Manager (Senior Master Sergeant) 102nd Intelligence Wing Communications Squadron Network Control Center Otis Air Force National Guard Base (ANGB), MA
Information Technology Specialist (Senior Master Sergeant) 267th Combat Communications Squadron (CBCS) Otis ANGB, MA
Marine Corps Assignments:
102nd Fighter Wing Security Forces Otis ANGB, MA
2nd Marine Amphibious Wing Air Station Cherry Point, NC
Headquarters Marine Corps Pentagon Arlington, VA
US Marine Corp, Boot Camp Parris Island, SC
36th Communications Support Group Pruem AS, Germany
3723rd BMTS Lackland AFB, TX
Military Deployments: Operation Enduring Freedom, Noble Eagle, Hurricane Katrina
EDUCATION
Master of Arts, Business Management & Leadership Liberty University Lynchburg, VA
Bachelor of Science, Interdisciplinary Studies Liberty University Lynchburg, VA
SNCO Correspondence Course NCO Academy in Residence Airman Leadership School NCO Preparatory Course
HONORS & AWARDS
Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon Air Force Overseas Short Tour GWOT Service Medal
AF Outstanding Unit Award AF Achievement Medal AF Commendation Medal
267CBCS Senior Noncommissioned Officer of the Year Humanitarian Service Medal
102nd Noncommissioned Officer of the Half USMC Honor Graduate AF BMTS Honor Graduate

M
Contact this candidate