DEAN WOODS
Tel: 519-***-**** Email: ad8xs7@r.postjobfree.com
Senior IT executive with 25+ years’ experience spanning all facets of corporate IT and a proven capacity to devise and execute impactful technology strategies that directly support business goals and objectives. Brings a formidable track record in technical leadership and IT project management, as well as a career history of success in rolling out major system installations, upgrades, and virtualization projects at both the national and international levels. Offers expert communication skills harnessed in articulating technical concepts and specifications to diverse non-technical audiences from the frontline through to the C-suite. Possesses verifiable experience in building high performance IT teams capable of providing top tier client service and completing outstanding deliverables within complex computing environments. Exhibits a nuanced understanding of technology standards and best practices combined with sound business acumen, employed in ensuring IT meets and exceeds operational requirements. TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE:
MS Cloud Office 365, Windows Servers MS Exchange EOL, Windows OS Active Directory, Group Policies MS Azure \ Project Management Project Server Linux \ ITIL AREAS OF EXPERTISE
IT Management Best Practices
Strategic Planning & Execution
Project Managem ent Systems
Development & Maintenance
ERP & EDI Infrastructure
3PL & Supply Chain Leadership
Cost Reduction & Control
Budgeting & Finance Management
Vendor & Supplier Relations
Continuous Process Improvem ent
Cloud Computing & Virtualization
Foundations - Remedy VMWare, Hyper-V SANS Routers Cisco, HP and Dell Switches ERPs SAP, JDE, Apprise Firewalls and Security EDI – Gentran, Sterling Commerce Backup and Recovery \ Cloud Computing \Security Governance and framework \ Email Security Logging and Alert management \ Network Security \
QUALIFICATIONS IN ACTION
Senior IT Manager / Interim Director
Ontario Health
Formerly - Health Quality Ontario + Patients Ombudsman Office, Toronto, ON
Joined the Ministry of Health agency as IT Manager to oversee all aspects of projects, planning, organization, security and execution of all IT functional operations.
Senior Co-lead on the transformation and transition of 20 Health Agencies into a single Ontario Health Agency as mandated by the Ontario Government which provides front line and back office health care to the province.
• Change Management and Communications
• Active Directory and Infrastructure planning
• Service Management and IT Operations
• Security Program Advisory and Governance
• Azure Tenant Operations
- Oversee VM Migrations, VM creation and administration
- Security enhancements via Advanced Threat Protection, Auditing
- Data management, design and implementations
• Data-Center Operations
- Procurement and provisioning of Hardware/Software
- Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery: planning and testing
- Ongoing Security Remediation
- Conduct Threat and Risk assessments and remediation
- Manage the server migrations from multiple Data-Centres to Globalized Data Centres.
- Manage Networking, Firewalls and WiFi design, deployment and administration
• Successful migrations of all telephony into MS Teams Oversee all IT operations, security and business continuity across multiple health ministry office buildings. Delivered a projected $1.5M cost savings over 5 years by restructuring the Data Center facilities, Managed IT services, Office 365 licensing, Data lines, copiers and mobility contracts. Security Governance: Threat Risk Assessments and Remediation: Security enhancements, patch management and deployment of software/hardware across all office locations. Instrumental in rolling out a Windows 10 upgrade/Office 365 to over 300 clients.
• On-Prem Exchange to Exchange Online, OneDrive and Sharepoint, Office 365 Applications, MS Teams/Skype
• Windows 7 to Windows 10 migration
Improved SLA’s with the IT helpdesk staff, utilizing the Remedy ITSM system delivering lean methodologies and processes. Strategic IT roadmap and management overview with major efficiency and financial improvements of expenditures. Developed and updated all documentation to enhance IT operations, security processes and procedures. Implemented telephony efficiencies with a roll-out of the Mitel Connect softphone client. Oversee all IT Procurements and management of all 3rd party vendors and suppliers Implemented an In-house IT onboarding IT training course and the IT Privacy and Security platform catered PHI, PI within Healthcare. Member of overview committees and implementations for SAP- Concur Expense, UltiPro Human Capital management, Dolphin 365 Contract management SaaS solutions.
DIRECTOR OF IT (2001-2014)
Danby Products, Guelph, ON
Brought on board with this $350M Canadian manufacturer of home appliances as senior IT manager to oversee all aspects of plan ning, organization, and execution of IT functions spanning four corporate offices and nine distribution centers (DCs) throughout North America and China. Assumed a pivotal role in defining the strategic direction of IT applications and cementing the IT organization as a c ritical partner in meeting and exceeding corporate goals and objectives.
IT STRATEGY AND INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT
Delivered the year-long virtualization project that resulted in dramatic cost savings and efficiency improvements while additionally enabling comprehensive process automation using VMWare.
Served as a member of the executive strategic planning team tasked with designing and delivering an IT roadmap to align with business objectives and long-term deliverables.
Managed and directed four direct reports and two remote staff based in the US in carrying out the long-term and day-to-day aspects of the strategic technology roadmap.
Collaborated with the president, VP finance, director of quality control, VP sales, and the GM of Chinese operations to leverage IT to better empower sales representatives in the field.
Directed all aspects of the acquisition and establishment of an IT service firm based in China in 2013 and navigated significant time and cultural barriers to ensure delivery on requirements and objectives.
Set up all IT hardware, systems, servers, switches, routers, security, and ERP WMS in the new office location in China and personally sourced and on boarded an IT consulting firm for post-support functions.
Secured presidential buy-in and overcame organizational resistance to deploy over 80 laptops that fallowed for increased flexibility for key managerial staff, resulting in increased employee satisfaction and improved productivity.
Executed multiple IT projects with varying scope and cost, including rollouts of Windows NT, XP, and 7, installation of Windows Servers NT4, 2003, 2010 and 2012, virtualization of servers, and remote desktops using VMWare.
Analyzed, sourced, purchased and implemented all network upgrades/enhancements. QUALIFICATIONS IN ACTION CONTINUED
ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING
Delivered key enhancements to the ERP/EDI system supporting the product development, order entry, sales, logistics, customer service, marketing, and other business units, such as customized reports, system menus, and increased accessibility.
Migrated a Boston-based acquisition from Solomon to the Apprise ERP system within a nine-month timeline, involving extensive data importation, testing, and end user training.
Installed a major 3rd party retail taxation system using ADP Taxware to coexist within the Boston ERP system and handle more than 76,000 individual retail and shipping tax rates.
Liaised with the US-based ERP network to plan and execute companywide projects, serving as internal project manager and key point of contact to external vendors and suppliers.
Facilitated massive upgrades to the ERP system for the Canadian and US locations, including new modules and process/performance enhancements, in 2001, 2004, 2008, and 2012.
Introduced wireless handheld barcode scanners into the ERP systems for logistics, yielding increases in deliveries, efficiencies, and accuracy in product shipment to customers.
Created a product bin inventory management system to handle over 650,000 square feet of warehousing across eight North American locations and 5,000 individual parts.
Spearheaded the virtualization of the ERP applications, EDI systems, database servers, AD, file and print, remote desktop, and HR Servers in all locations worldwide and installed a business continuity solution hosting two datacenters in Canada and the US.
Authored a 750-page searchable digital document for ERP systems, providing a “How To” for all businesses and procedures and rolled a Business call center with interoffice VoIP connectivity for LD cost savings.
Maintained accountability for four globally-deployed distribution/manufacturing ERP/EDI systems and administered group security permissions, modifications, and new module development and implementation. BUDGETING & PROCESS IMPR OVEMENT
Planned and administered an annual IT budget of $1.5M and employed exceptional contract negotiation skills to decrease supplier costs in data and mobility requirements by $50K per year.
Negotiated and secured favorable contracts and long-term agreements with major vendors, including Dell, Rogers, Verizon and AT&T.
Employed ITIL v3 standards and practices to introduce a consumer services portal that delivered improved turnaround times for resolving consumer and product-related issues.
Put in place a key BI data reporting solution with a principal focus on business analytics reporting in addition to installing an audio-video conferencing system to lower travel expenses by $75K per year.
Developed an IT training program and suite of standard operating procedures (SOPs) for new and existing employees covering all facets of ERP, remote desktop, mobile phone, and VPN connectivity processes and issues.
Assumed authority for the setup of all third party logistics, including hardware and software components for warehouses in San Diego, Los Angeles, Seattle, Atlanta, New Jersey, Calgary, and Vancouver.
Successfully increased the company’s ability to deliver the product to the customer with efficiency and flexibility by expanding distribution and reducing delivery turnaround times from two days to less than 24 hours. DIRECTOR of IT (1999-2001) Kimoto
Technologies Inc. Maple, On.
Retained by this major distributor of graphic supplies bringing in over $90M per year in revenue as director of IT and took o n a mandate to administer day-to-day and long-term technology functions while steering multiple major IT initiatives from initiation to completion, including a comprehensive effort to secure Y2K certification for all.
Brought on board in April 1999 to analyze and patch firmware across all vendor relationships and ensure Y2K compliance for all Kimoto Technologies customers over an eight month period.
Introduced web filtering proxy server and firewall in addition to rolling out multiple new systems, servers, and SAP upgrades as key lead for systems maintenance, security, process enhancement, and efficiency. ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE INCLUDES: MANAGER – DESKTOP SERVICES (1998-1999), The Beer Store, Mississauga, On. EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Harvard Manage Mentor – Leading People, Developing Employees (2023) MS-500 – Microsoft 365 Security Administration (2020) - Microsoft AZ-104 - Microsoft Azure Administrator (2020) - Microsoft AZ- 900 - Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (2020) - Microsoft CISSP training: (2019) – Self-paced
Workplace Mental Health Leadership Certificate (2017) Queens University ITIL 2011 Foundations (2015) Thought Rock
Ubuntu Desktop Linux Administration (2015) Lynda.com Practical Apache Web Server Administration (2015) Lynda.com Project Management Professional (2014) University of Waterloo MS Project Professional, Project Server & SharePoint (2014) Avalon Training Group VMWare vSphere 5.1: Install, Configure, Manage (2013) Global Knowledge Dell EqualLogic SANS – Install, Manage & Support (2013) Dell Education Performance Development - A Leadership Approach to High Performance (2012) Management Development Group MS Exchange 2010 – Install and configure (2011) Global Knowledge Certified Data Protection Specialist – Enterprise (2011) Data Management Institute Business Communications - Interpersonal Skills Management (2011) Management Development Group MS Project Professional V2010 (2010) Conestoga College Windows Server 2008 – Install, configure and administer (2009) Global Knowledge A+ Certification (2008)
Windows Server 2003 – Install and configure (2004) Polar Bear Education CCNA (2001) – Polar Bear Education
MCSE (1997) CICT Technical College
Ontario Management Development (1992) – Georgian College
Contact this candidate