EXPERIENCE
PTI, HR RECRUITER/GENERALIST
SEPTEMBER 2016 – FEBRUARY 2020
Planed and managed recruitment and selection of staff. Completed all onboarding process including background checks, completing legal documents, reviewing benefits, and conducting orientations. Identified and implemented new training and development needs for employees. Created a mentoring program, which reduced turnover by 26%, to accelerate new employee connections, increase team cohesion, and boost confidence by creating positive relationships and reinforcing company values. Mentor incentives were based on new employee confidence, knowledge, and performance. Reorganized and streamlined inventory control, purchasing, & storage by creating a secure, centralized, and organized inventory area, defining consistent, specific procedures, and creating detailed documentation for all processes required. Additionally, created a database to track inventory requests and purchases, automate inventory control and create monitoring and reporting capabilities. The new database, reassigning responsibilities, and defining procedures saved 62 manhours per week and reduced inventory expenses by $123,000 annually.
ACCENT MARKETING, PROJECT MANAGER
OCTOBER 2011 – SEPTEMBER 2016
Worked with new clients to determine needs, design software, create project plan, assign tasks, monitor progress, test new software for new call center clients. Served as continued Client point of contact for ongoing questions, issues, or software updates.
ANET ORDER, IT MANAGER/PROJECT MANAGER
JUNE 2005 – SEPTEMBER 2011
Managed team of 14 members. Evaluated new hardware and software. Prepared Requests for Proposals for Vendors. Negotiated Contracts. Determined hardware, software, and personnel needs for implementation. Created Project Plan to meet Management deadlines. Assigned tasks. Monitored Implementation Project. Managed new client implementations. Served as a liaison for new customers to determine needs and ensure smooth implementation. Managed SQL Server Database.
NATIONAL INSURANCE AGENCY, IT MANAGER
JUNE 2001 – MAY 2005
Purchased, installed, repaired, managed all desktops and servers. Created, implemented and managed an Access database to manage client claims and billing. Created and managed company website. Created datamining algorithms to determine potential clients then created mail merge documents for mailing advertising literature. Compared equipment and vendors to determine new technological purchases. Negotiated with Vendors and conducted contract negotiations.
JEWISH HOSPITAL HEART AND LUNG INSTITUTE
CLINICAL SYSTEMS MANAGER
JUNE 1996 – MAY 2001
Evaluated, negotiated contract, purchased, and provided primary project management for a new, 10 million dollar patient record database creating the first true paperless patient record in the Louisville area. Managed clinical research databases. Participated in clinical research planning. Evaluated research needs and determined all data required to produce required outcomes reports. Designed and programmed the database with a clear view of all cross-application data, also keeping in mind ease of use and end user’s comfortable technical expertise. Created reports to contain not only the necessary outcomes data, but also analysis to support the strength and accuracy of the data. Standardized and improved data quality with powerful algorithms that produced true randomized data testing. Created and distributed updated project plans, timelines, and gnat charts. Served as a liaison between IT staff and end users. Prepared weekly and monthly reports for management. Created a national survey to rank all Heart Hospitals in several key areas. Coordinated with all cardiovascular, surgical hospitals in the US to create and distribute a voluntary national survey capable of producing publishable rankings in key areas. Designed an algorithm to create risk adjustment based on patient’s presentation condition. Collected, analyzed, and published “The Top Ten Cardiovascular Hospitals Rankings” annually for 5 years. Jewish Hospital consistently placed in the top 5 in several key areas. The published results were used in a very large, successful, 5 year marketing campaign and created many new NIH grant opportunities.

SARA HILLS
HUMAN RESOURCES

PROFILE
Manager with over 20 years of experience programming and managing clinical databases and supervising staff to ensure all deadlines are maintained while implementing a random data review program to ensure data integrity without increasing workload. Fifteen years managing clinical system implementations in the Healthcare and Fulfillment industries including interfacing with clients, staff, and IT. I possess strong multi-tasking skills, with the ability to simultaneously manage several projects and efficiently organize schedules and prioritize tasks while motivating and maintaining project momentum over long term projects. and schedules. Excellent point person for clients, customers, vendors, staff, equipment and service providers.
CONTACT
adw4ib@r.postjobfree.com
502-***-****
1003 Dogwood Rd.
Jeffersonville, IN 47130

KEY CHARACTERISTICS
Strong interpersonal & communication skills Work collaboratively Meticulous attention to detail Extremely organized and efficient Poised under pressure Creative problem solving skills with the ability to actively listen, empathize and provide respectful, positive feedback in order to motivate team members to be the best version of themselves Excellent at proactively monitoring and testing to identify and fix potential issues.

KEY SKILLS
Strong interpersonal & communication skills MS Office SQL Certified Visual Basic Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat, Lightroom, & Flashplayer MS Project Smartsheet Zoho Projects Strong ability to determine tasks then priorities and delegate to appropriate team member Project Timelines Gant Charts Medical Terminology Grant Proposal Writing Medical Research Data Mining and Statistical Analysis SPSS SAS MS Sever Administrator MS Networking MS Mail Server Advanced 3 week organization and efficiency training

EDUCATION
CERTIFICATE DECEMBER 2021 IVY TECH
Business Operations, Applications, and Technology
Business Efficiency Solutions(BES) - Enterprise Resource Planning(ERP) - Efficient Network Design - Business Automation - Digital Marketing - Graphics Design - Social Media and Marketing Integration - Content Management - Customer Resource Management(CRM) - Financial Assessment & Planning Software - Data Mining – Analytics
MCSE SEPTEMBER 1998
Systems Administration / SQL Server / Database Manager / Networking / Database Programming and Administration / Website Design and Maintenance
B.A. JUNE 1997 INDIANA UNIVERSITY SOUTHEAST
Major: Business Administration
Minor: Mathematics
Contact this candidate