Saji Alexander
Oracle Technical Consultant Contact: 949-***-****

Summary

●10 years of experience years in Oracle EBS Application with insightful knowledge and experienced in Oracle apps modules of Inventory, Purchasing, Order Management, Account Payables, Account Receivables, General Ledger, Cash Management, Fixed Assets, Oracle GST and Middle East VAT.
●Good knowledge in P2P cycle, O2C cycle, GST Taxes and Middle East VAT.
●Adequate knowledge on R12 features and enhancements
●Proficient in communication and project management skills
●Good knowledge in Oracle Forms, Reports, XML Publisher Reports, Interface and Form Personalization
●Experienced in Cash Management Bank Statement Interfaces & BRS
●Extensive experience in working with Oracle - PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, Reports 10G, Forms 10G, XML Publisher
●Hands on Experience in RICE/CEMLI
●Hands on Experience in Unix commands & Shell Scripts
●Hands on experience in inbound and outbound interface
●A good team player with a high degree of focus on common goals while maintaining responsibilities and commitments
●Excellent analytical, Interpersonal and Communication skills.
●Ability to work under environments with pressure and time constraints to achieve common project goals
●Positive Attitude, Positive Outlook, highly result Oriented, Good Leadership qualities, effective team member and great flexibility towards success.

Technical Skills

ERP
Oracle Applications R12
module AP,AR,GL, PO, INV,OM,FA, GST, Middle East VAT
Operating Systems
Windows 7/NT/2000/XP, Linux
Database Tool
Toad and SQL Developer
Languages
SQL, PL/SQL, Java
RDBMS
Oracle 8i / 10g
Front End Tools
Forms, Reports, XML Publisher, JDeveloper
Other Tools
WinScp, Putty, SQL Loader

PROJECT DETAILS

Project Name : Oman’s Leading Bank (Bank Dofar)
Project Type : Oracle Implementation
Modules Handled : INV, AP, AR, GL

About the customer
The company strives to be ‘the best bank for you’ by making banking easy. The company has a nationwide network of 70 branches & 1 Corporate center and 120 ATMs and 57 CDMs and 15 FFMs across the length and breadth of the Sultanate.As one of the fastest growing financial services institution in the Sultanate, we offer Corporate banking, Consumer banking, Treasury and Project Finance services - designed to meet the diverse needs of consumers, small and medium size businesses and mid-market companies in the region.

RESPONSIBILITIES
●Requirement gathering from business users based on business needs.
●Coordinate with functional team and prepared technical document (MD070) for the custom objects.
●Developed 3 Custom Interface Program and 9 Custom XML Publisher Report as per Client requirement.
●Conducting CRP1, CRP2 and UAT
●Worked with Oracle Support in Case of SRs.
●Migrated the Custom object on Production instance.

Project Name : Wornderla Amusement Park
Role : Technical Consultant Consultant
Environment : Oracle Apps R12.1.3
Modules Handled : INV, PO, FIN and WIP.

About the customer

It is one of the largest chain of amusement parks in India. It is owned and operated by Holidays Limited which is headquartered near Bidadi, 28 kilometers from Bengaluru, Karnataka. Wonderla Holidays currently operates 3 amusement parks in Kochi, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, and 1 resort in Bengaluru.

Responsibilities

●As-Is Study to understand the business process of the organization.
●Created the interface to load initial data to oracle purchase order module
●Developed the custom report and interface as per client requirement.
●Coordinate with the functional team and preparing technical document (MD070 docs) for the customized report and interface.
●Day to Day support for the customer, creating reports and bug fixing, personalization as per customer needs.

Project Name : A Manufacturing & Distributing Ophthalmic Lenses (Essilor)
Role : Technical Consultant
Environment : Oracle Applications R12-Implementation
Modules Handled : INV, PO, BOM and WIP.

About the customer

For 170 years the Group has put its expertise at the service of good vision in designing, manufacturing and distributing ophthalmic lenses and equipment for eye care professionals.

Responsibilities

●Understanding of the clients processes as per their requirement
●Designed Customer Form for E-way Bill
●Developed interface and form to transfer data between branches overseas
●Designed and Developed xml reports for EIPL MIS P&L excel report
●Developed custom Bank Reconciliation Report
●Coordinate with the functional team and preparing technical document (MD070 docs) for the customized data transfer
●Worked with Oracle Support in Case of SRs.
●Post migration activities of the Custom Objects.

Company Name : AlBarrak Group (Saudi Arabia)
Role : IT Manager
Environment : Oracle Applications and Customer Shipping ERP Application Design and Implementation
Modules Handled : FIN, Custom Shipping/Freight Forwarding, Equipment Control, Payroll.

Total Experience of 18 years in Oracle Database, forms/reports, pl/sql, Ebs in Middle East. Worked on custom ERP Application for a Shipping Company.

●Designed and Implemented Shipping ERP Application in Oracle Forms/Reports 10g and migrated to 11g
●Worked with Oracle Support
●Installed Oracle Red Hat Linux and Oracle Forms and Report Server for Forms10g
●Migrating windows custom application to Linux
●Post migration activities of the Custom Objects.
●Maintaining team of Technical and Functional and monitoring and motivating.
●Completing the project within the timeframe.

Completed B.Com from Loyola and did I.T. course from N.I.I.T and did a Oracle course and project at SSI Chennai.
Completed a course in Oracle Internals from Oracle Saudi Arabia.
Contact this candidate