Christopher Brooks, PMP
Sr. IT Project Manager
adw6ka@r.postjobfree.com • 972-***-****
linkedin.com/in/Brookzee
McKinney, TX, 75070, US
Summary
Results-driven professional with substantial experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver IT projects on time, within budget, and to client satisfaction. Proven record of success overseeing project scopes, timelines, budgets, and deployment while maintaining quality standards. Adept at adhering to PMO\EPMO best practices, scheduling and processing deliverables, and organizing sites. Forward-thinking leader, rich background in building and directing IT project managers and business analysts. Strong communication, negotiation, presentation, attention to detail, and problem-solving skills, ability to build robust relationships with stakeholders, senior executives, clients, and vendors.
Areas of Expertise
Project Planning, Execution, & Implementations
Team Building & Leadership
Project Governance & Control
Budget Administration
Vendor Management
Cost Reduction & Containment
Agile (Scrum) & Waterfall
Change & Release Management
Software Development Life Cycle
Waterfall, Agile, & Hybrid models
Staff Training & Development
Relationship Building
Risk Assessment & Mitigation
Client Satisfaction & Retention
Problems & Conflicts Resolution
Technical Proficiencies
MS Project, Visio, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PPM, Teams, WebEx
Jira, Confluence
Career Experience
MoneyGram International, Plano, TX July 2019 – Feb 2023
Project Manager III
Executed projects in line with work plan while managing team members and third-party contractors. Enhanced skills and experience of project teams through working sessions. Controlled projects financials (spend and forecasts) and maintained metrics as per standards for quality management. Kept abreast of all stakeholders with project information and organizational change management strategies. Presented timely status reports to Steering Committee and project stakeholder notification.
Spearheaded and delivered 3 to 4 projects concurrently on time, within scope, and budget ranging from $100K to7M.
Identified and resolved issues as well as mitigated risks in collaboration with cross-functional teams.
AT&T, Richardson, TX Nov 2008 – Oct 2018
Sr. Project & Program Manager
Oversaw initiatives through entire SDLC process, delegated tasks for prioritized work, maintained compliance with IT PMO's methodology practices, Agile, Waterfall & Blended Projects via AT&Ts PMIS (Prism) application. Discussed project health, team status, issues & risks through program weekly status calls and project related meetings. Guided project team through all phases of project life cycle - from inception through implementation, and warranty. Established and met team goals via frequent team member performance reviews.
Worked across multiple business units to oversee all facets of projects impacting application that generated $4.5B+ in sales compensation payments annually as Sr. Project Management and Agent Program Manager for AT&T's Horizon commission system.
Managed all facets of 3 to 4 program level releases per year for Horizon compensation system and supporting applications.
Completed sales compensation projects by leading geographically diverse virtual project managers and business analysts.
Education
Bachelor of Business of Administration University of Texas @ Arlington, Arlington, TX
Certifications
PMP - Project Management Professional (#2550741) & PSM1 - Professional Scrum Master 1
Contact this candidate