Alexander Garcia

adw7td@r.postjobfree.com > 323-***-**** > linkedin.com/in/CyberEye > Downey, CA

IT security professional with exceptional managerial soft skills in teamwork and communication and strongly task oriented. Extensive practice with different types of virtualized Operating Systems and network structures. Bilingual: Fluent in Spanish.

Technical Skills
Operating Systems: Moderate experience with Linux/Windows operating systems. Virtual machine versions of Pfsense, Burp suite, Sift, and Cuckoo Sandbox
Security Tools: Knowledge of SIEM, Edge defense, NIST best practices, log analysis, Layered Defense concepts, Firewall, RAID, Port security
Networking: WAN and LAN interface, VLANs, ACLs, RIP, Static Routing, Subnetting, VTP, 802.1q, InterVLAN Routing (R.O.A.S.), Cisco, Computer Networking, Cloud Computing
Certifications: Currently studying for CompTIA Security+
Programming: Intermediate Python and beginner C++ and Java

Education
Grand Canyon University Phoenix, AZ
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Projected Graduation: October 2024
Selected Coursework: Platforms and Network Technologies, Enterprise Route & Switch, Linux System Administration and Maintenance, Cybersecurity Foundations, Cloud Systems Administration and Maintenance, Edge Networks, Security Driven Systems Administration, Relational Databases for Business Applications.

California State University, Long Beach
Cybersecurity Certificate
Long Beach, CA
June 2021

Selected Coursework: Python, Linux, Network Security, Cloud computing, Ethical Hacking, Digital Forensics, and Incident Response.

Long Beach City College

Long Beach, CA

Selected Coursework: Physics for science and engineering, calculus.

IT Security Experience
American Tax Solutions 04/21 – 03/23
IT Manager, Los Angeles, CA
I started my role as an IT technician. I performed duties such as maintaining hardware devices, setting up workstations, and documenting security and IT procedures incidents.
After a year, I replaced my supervisor and hired someone under me. I performed system upgrades on our servers, improved the workstation’s performance, and generated documents to provide employees with hardware. Also, We implemented a new ticketing system and provided proper use and safety documents for workstation use and other IT processes.
Incident Response Project CSULB 2020
Investigated a victim machine for malicious files utilizing multiple static and dynamic analysis tools: with Sysinternals tools like Strings and Autoruns to discover persistent services.
Investigated network capture files with tools like Wireshark and Zeek. I also utilized HxD editor to examine a corrupted rar file.
Python Project CSULB 2020
Created a script that detects spoofed addresses in the host’s Arp table. Any duplicated addresses generated an alert to log the spoofed IP addresses with the corresponding Mac address. The program would only process the first arp table, repeat lines, and cause false positives. We could troubleshoot this as a class in a couple of hours.
Network Security Project CSULB 2020
Configured a pfsense firewall with simple protocol and IP address restrictions. The project aimed to replicate an internet-facing local area network protected by a firewall/IDS. Some configurations included preventing access to certain public websites and enabling access to internal servers through port forwarding.

IHOP Restaurant Assistant Manager, Downey, CA
10/18 – 02/21
Promoted to assistant manager within 1+ year of hire.
Exercise managerial skills by leading high-quality service, teaching the staff about new procedures and products, and monitoring compliance with health and safety standards.
Contact this candidate