BUSINESS-FOCUSED IT PROFESSIONAL
A high-performance leader with visionary thinking towards improving business processes and the end-user experience. Analytical skills to define project objectives with hands-on expertise. A communicator and collaborator with a reputation for developing effective improvements as well as data management. Specialize in building and inspiring high-performance teams that consistently exceed expectations.
LEADERSHIP AND TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
- Security SysAdmin - Staff & Training Development - Business Writing
- Production Support - Technical Troubleshooting - Security Analyst
- Operational Project Mgmt. - Quality Assurance - Process Improvement & Data Mgmt.
- Employee Retention - Collaboration - End User Services
- ServiceNow Reviewer & Approver (Change Tasks/Incident/Problem Tickets)

Advanced Understanding of: Mainframe CA-Top Secret (TSS), MS Office Products (Word, Excel, Outlook, Teams & PowerPoint), FIS Omni Security Subsystem, FIS Omni Payments Security, and DigiCert Managed PKI Control Center.
Intermediate Understanding of: zOS, ServiceNow Ticketing and Workflow, CyberArk Privileged Access Security, PIC Database, MS Access Database, and Single Sign-On.
Basic Understanding of: Java Script Concepts

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORP. (SAIC), Vienna, VA
A premier Fortune 500 technology ~$900M multi-year contract providing Technology and Enterprise Support Services (TESS) for the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board (FRTIB) & Thrift Savings Plan (TSP).

Manager, System Admin Principal, User Administration Support/Incident Management
SAIC - TESS IT Operations 2014-2022
Recruited to lead a team of 4 System Administrative Principals in daily monitoring and data management of active user privileges for over 2K employees. User Admin validated, guaranteed, and administered access for a $700B plan supporting 7M participants and beneficiaries with minimal downtime. This oversight also entailed contractors, agency, and service accounts across multiple application platforms.

Team project manager for pilot programs related to FRTIB, managing priorities, data, and requests in an organized manner. The process proved to be a significant win for the remediation of 300+ mainframe STIG findings all activity tracked within ServiceNow.
Conducted JAD sessions which included requirements gathering for project plans and assigning area points of contact along with a draft timeline for future implementation of processes, and initiatives.
Managed centralized system administration functions for various applications, including the data, generating system and ad-hoc reports to authenticate identification and access privileges. This effort included activity logs with notifications.
Through the ServiceNow change ticketing process, introduced and completed an MF TSS ACID Renaming Structure Project (2 months ahead of schedule).
Oversight of User Administrations’ change, incident and problem tickets in ServiceNow pertaining to mainframe applications’ issues and audits.
Managed User and Service Accounts, profiles, departments, divisions, and zones. This change improved user entitlement processing and creation.
Created and maintained an Area Playbook of User Administration Standard Operating Procedures.
Analyzed and identified quantifying data within ServiceNow to produce monthly SLA reports used to track the number of offboarded users.
Assisted in creating and maintaining Disaster Recovery (DR) documentation for User Admin and participated in associated exercises.
Successfully improved and supported customers’ business continuity with minimal downtime.
Provided requirements for CA-Top Secret upgrades, managed issues and communicated directives and guidelines to team members.
Analyzed and evaluated internal policies and daily operational procedures, which led to cross-program adoption. (Transformed monitoring system to detect and remove unused resources and IDs using the CA-Cleanup tool and implementing a 30/60/90/180-day automated user notification).
Created successful management routines to address tactical operations and accommodate leaders’ strategic vision for area execution.
Participated in daily stand-up meetings to provide status and address any risks or issues.

SERCO in NORTH AMERICA, Inc., Fairfax, VA
SERCO is a provider for US local governments’ commercial customers, supported by over 50,000 people in 35 countries worldwide and 9,000 in the Americas.

TEAM LEAD, ADMINISTRATOR – IT SECURITY APPLICATIONS 2006-2014
Led a team of Security System Analysts supporting the Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) – Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board (FRTIB).
Managed credentials, including CA Top Secret Mainframe entitlements, Power Image, OMNI, and PSR.
Monitored account creation, modifications, deletions, unlocks, concurrent login, and password resets.
Introduced and led various projects focused on analyzing improvement opportunities and integrating new system processes utilizing the Change Task ticketing system.
Assisted in creating and approving DR & Business Continuity documentation for User Admin and participated in associated exercises, overseeing incidents from inception to resolution, when applicable.
Participated in enterprise password change guidelines. Responsible for the mainframe and interfacing applications.
Liaison between enterprise end-user community and customers, identifying user access needs, including verifications.
Processed on and offboarding tickets and fulfillment tasks for new hires and employee departures.
Designated SMEs for resolving attributes and resource identification issues associated with the mainframe.
Ensured proper approval protocols for requested user and service requests were followed and completed within SLA guidelines.

SENIOR SECURITY SPECIALIST – IT SECURITY APPLICATIONS 2004-2006
Provided direction to employees, contractors, and vendors requiring system and application accesses. Reviewed all requests for validity, accuracy, and proper authorizations utilizing multiple systems: CA-Top Secret (TSS), Omni Security, PSR, and Power Image to resolve user technical issues.
Assisted Help Desk with Tier 2 support after hours which entailed troubleshooting and resolving mainframe along with other COTS application (production, test, and development) issues related to users’ application access and passwords utilizing ServiceNow Incident & Service Tickets, where applicable.
Delivered daily violations and backup reports on the mainframe.
Managed data and assisted in identifying, developing, and naming mainframe production, test, development datasets, and access.
Worked closely with senior management in developing the role of Certificate Administrator, which involved managing all agency, technical services, and admin certificates.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science in Business Management State University of New York College at Old Westbury (NY)
Security Clearance: Public Trust Level T4R
Entrusted CA-Top Secret: MVS Basics, Advanced Administration & Advanced Technical
ITIL: v3 Foundation (CSME), Intermediate Capability-Operational Support & Analysis, Foundation IT Service Management & IT Continual Service
Leadership: Enhancing Team Well Being, Elevating Coaching Skills & Engaging Hybrid Teams Inclusively
SETA Training (Security Education & Awareness): SPLUNK: Fundamentals & Administration, AZ500 MS Azure, Microsoft Azure Active Directory Connect, Access Controls, CISM Security Training, Annual Cyber Security Awareness, Cloud: Security Fundamentals and Data Security
Contact this candidate