IDOWU ABIONA
Upper Marlboro, MD. *****
Emails: - adwtar@r.postjobfree.com
Tel: - 240-***-****
SUMMARY
An IT Audit professional with broad experience in performing Risk Assessments, IT General Controls, Application Controls, and IT Infrastructure engagements for various clients across the industries using applicable frameworks and standards like ISO 27001, NIST 800-53, PCI DSS & COBIT.
QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS:
ITGC (Access Control, Change Management, IT Operation) and Application Control Audit.
Extensive background in all stages of audits, including planning, study, evaluation, and testing of controls, reporting, and follow-up.
Good understanding of control frameworks such as COBIT, COSO, PCI DSS, NIST 800-53 and ISO 27001.
Good analytical thinking, excellent communication and report writing skills.

WORK EXPERIENCE
EPERION TECHNOLOGIES MARCH 2021 TO PRESENT
SR. IT AUDITOR (CONSULTANT)
Conduct IT audit fieldwork and walkthrough of controls, perform detailed testing, analysis of controls, validations, and creation of clear and accurate documentation of workflows in IT process and report of test results and exceptions
Perform audit of IT general and application controls, information security, systems development, change management, business continuity, disaster recovery and computer operations.
Perform IT general controls testing for Sarbanes-Oxley 404 compliance in public companies, OMB A-123 in government agencies, and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports in compliance/SSAE18 (formerly SAS 70).
Perform IT General Controls testing for Sarbanes-Oxley 404 compliance in public companies and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports in compliance with SSAE 18 (formerly SAS 70).
Prepared audit scopes, reported findings, and presented recommendations for improving data integrity and operations.
Perform internal and external IT risk assessments, conducted gap analysis against industry standards, and provided recommendations on mitigation options.
Extensive knowledge of various systems such as Unix, Window, Mainframes, Firewalls, Active Directory and Oracle Database
Assess internal controls using COBIT, FISCAM, FISMA, NIST 800-53 and PCI DSS frameworks in various sectors (Commercial and Government).
Participate in risk assessment and planning discussions to define audit objectives, scope, and develop audit programs based on the defined objectives.
Strong background in all stages of the auditing process, including planning,
fieldwork/execution /risk assessment, reporting and follow up.
EZEK SYSTEMS LLC AUGUST 2018 – APRIL 2021
SR. IT AUDITOR
Participated in risk assessment and planning discussions to define audit objectives, scope, and develop audit programs based on the defined objectives.
Strong background in all stages of the auditing process, including planning,
fieldwork/execution /risk assessment, reporting and follow up
Developed audit plans and programs to evaluate control areas on projects such as financial statement audit, SOX testing, SAS 70/SSAE 18.
Conducted Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) testing in all the IT General Controls within the audit scope, to test their strength, effectiveness, and also weaknesses in their control environment
Performed walk-through and detailed testing of controls to determine if controls are properly designed and operating effectively
Developed audit plans and programs to evaluate control areas on projects such as financial statement audit, SOX testing, SAS 70/SSAE 18.
Conducted Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) testing in all the IT General Controls within the audit scope, to test their strength, effectiveness, and also weaknesses in their control environment
Performed walk-through and detailed testing of controls to determine if controls are properly designed and operating effectively
Assisted on financial statement audits by testing IT application controls on various accounting systems
Assisted in the development of audit objectives and detailed test procedures that
effectively address key controls and risks.
Conducted follow-up work, as necessary, to evaluate corrective action taken by management to resolve previous IT audit observations and ensure corporate compliance with policies, laws, and regulations.

HP CONSULTING MARCH 2015 – JULY 2018
IT AUDIT ASSOCIATE
Demonstrated an awareness of internal audit methodology by actively participate in every phase of the audit including planning, fieldwork and reporting.
Completed assigned audits/audit tasks using department tools, standards and guidelines within established timetables with high quality results.
Possessed an understanding of the how various aspects of an audit are related to the overall scope of the audit
Documented work papers and findings in accordance with internal audit methodology or direction provided by the lead in a concise and logical manner
Identified, assessed and documented risks and controls in the automated work paper tool
Assisted with drafting all aspects of the internal audit report
Understand how applications and related information technology general controls (ITGC) support achievement of business process objective
Communicated finding to lead and audit management for discussion.
Discussed, developed and negotiate findings with clients to facilitate documentation in according with the departmental style guides
Follow-up of assigned action from the audit (status updates and verifications)
Assisted in coordinating the documentation and testing of all relevant systems and business processes, and ensuring the timely completion of assigned tasks
Assisted in monitoring the execution of the global SOX compliance programs and protocols
Performed IT SOX testing focusing on user access, provisioning, deprovisioning and more for all in-scope systems
Participated in the review and design of IT general control testing for cloud computing.

CVS HEALTH APRIL 2013 - FEBRUARY 2015
STORE MANAGER
Created employee schedules, assigning schedules and responsibilities to employees, checking to see if these responsibilities and assignments are carried through in the store
Trained new employees and providing ongoing education for employees
Manage the day-to-day operations of one or more sites
Develop customer relationships by identifying their storage needs and providing solutions
Improve sales objectives through unit rentals, unit insurance, and moving supplies
Guide new customers through rental processes and agreements
Evaluated staff based on performance-based metrics
Ensure the facility meets the highest cleanliness standards through general maintenance duties
Work independently on daily tasks as well as cooperate with team members and other stores in the area
EDUCATION
Yaba College of Technology: - Bachelors in Urban & Regional Planning
MKIT Training Services, Bowie, MD: - IT Advanced Training
Certified Information Security Auditor (CISA)

PROFESSIONAL AFFILITIONS:
Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA)
Information System Audit and Control Association (ISACA)

TECHNICAL SKILLS: - Microsoft words, Excel, Share Point, Active Directory (AD) & Visio
Contact this candidate