Craig K. Ray
Page *
CRAIG K. RAY
McLean, Virginia 22101
703-***-****
adww9b@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER SUMMARY
Senior IT manager, having worked up the ranks as a highly successful programmer & analyst. Hands-on experience in personnel management, project management, full life-cycle development, systems integration, web application development, relational DBMSs, clinical database development, software quality assurance, coding and testing. Strong track record for delivering high quality large, medium and small systems on time and budget.
SKILLS
Expert programming: SAS, SQL.
Database: relational database design, performance, SQL Server, Oracle.
Personnel management: hiring, mentoring, team-building, utilization, performance reviews
Project management: client interaction, project planning, budgeting, release management.
Software engineering: system architecture, system integration, configuration management, requirements, design, test plan development and execution, production support.
Web system development: ASP.NET, survey systems, field operation systems, data collection systems, reporting systems.
Field survey system development: system integration of disconnected survey systems with web survey management systems, data transmission, mobile device integration, Blaise.
Operating Environments: Windows, UNIX
Proposal development: IT approach & budgets.
WORK PRODUCT SAMPLES
Samples of code and documentation (design and test plan): https://github.com/Craig-Ray-Hub/CodeSamples
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Insight Policy Research: Arlington, VA 2021 - present Senior Programmer
Craig K. Ray
Page 2
Senior programmer specializing in SAS and SQL. Developed several large data management and reporting systems.
Westat: Rockville, MD 1997 - 2021
IT Manager
Senior hands-on IT manager, system architect, project manager, software engineer, & programmer supporting a wide variety of web-based and field survey research projects. Continuously managed a core technical team of up to 10 developers. Led and managed the development and integration of major systems using core technologies of:
ASP.NET,
SQL Server,
Blaise & proprietary web-survey packages,
SAS
SAS Users Group International (SUGI):
‘Establishing Production and Development Environments for Base SAS Software Development’, 1998 Southeast SAS Users Group (SESUG):
‘A General-Purpose SAS Report Portal for the Web’, 2011 Managed the development and deployment of general-purpose corporate web capabilities as well as many large-scale survey and research data collection systems, including:
National Survey of Crime and Safety (NSCS)
Client: Bureau of Justice Statistics (DOJ/BJS)
Designed and managed the implementation of a distributed field survey with hundreds of field interviewers testing the revision of the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) instrument. The surveys were developed in Blaise, field computers were disconnected and transmitted data to the central web-based survey management system (SMS). The SMS integrated with several core corporate components including a mobile iPhone application, GPS validation system, and operations dashboard.
National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) Client: National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) NAEP is an ongoing, congressionally mandated survey of the knowledge and skills of young Americans in a variety of academic subjects. Managed and designed the conversion of the various web systems from classic ASP to ASP.NET including the staff recruiting system, main assessment management system, MySchool public web site, materials management system, and the internal data reporting system. Designed the databases for the revised systems.
Craig K. Ray
Page 3
National Dental Practice-Based Research Network (NDPBRN) Client: National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research (NIDCR/NIH) Developed and maintained the web-based database system to support the national network of practicing dentists. Designed and developed several clinical and web survey studies, targeting network members. For the web survey studies, surveys were implemented using Westat-proprietary SurveyBuilder.
Access, Participation, Eligibility, and Certification study (APEC III) Client: Food and Nutrition Service (USDA/FNS)
Designed and managed the multi-faceted national field study of school districts, schools, and related households. Managed all aspects of the IT systems to support field data collection. Developed web-based recruiting and data collection systems for school district self-response. Sampled resident households and targeted them for in-person CAPI surveys by field interviewers using disconnected laptops that transmitted results to the central web-based SMS.
Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) Participant Characteristics and Meal Analysis of Quality
Client: Food and Nutrition Service (USDA/FNS)
Designed and managed the multi-faceted national survey data collection of the Summer Food Service Program. Managed all IT development for sponsor, site and household sampling, a web-based self-administered summer food site recruitment system, several multimode (self-administered and CATI nonresponse) web surveys of the sites, and a household screener and web survey. Household data collection was multimode, involving web self-administration, IVR, nonresponse telephone follow-up, and paper surveys processed using Teleform optical character recognition (OCR) software.
Cut Your Blood Pressure Too: The LA Barbershop Blood Pressure Study Client: National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI)/Cedars-Sinai Hospital Recruitment of African-Americans with high blood pressure followed by a web-based multi-mode longitudinal intervention. Managed the development and deployment of the web-based study management system, which gives field interviewers access to screening surveys. The system included automated recording and transmission of repeated blood pressure measurements in real-time (Mindray blood pressure monitors), which are used, in part, to determine respondent eligibility.
Supported Employment Demonstration (SED)
Client: Social Security Administration (SSA)
The SED provides integrated mental health and vocational services to people with mental illness who were recently denied Social Security disability benefits. Managed the development of the central IT systems to support the management of the demonstration. The core MIS supports recruitment of participants and tracking them throughout a 3-year Craig K. Ray
Page 4
demonstration life-cycle. Survey data is collecting using a variety of technologies, including Blaise, customized .NET forms, and Westat’s SurveyBuilder survey development platform.
Westat’s Data Explorer (WesDaX)
Client: Westat corporate system
Lead architect, designer, and manager to develop the corporate web-based statistical reporting tool. Statistics are computed by an interface to Westat’s proprietary Wesvar software, which produces statistics on weighted, complex survey data using replicated weights. WesDaX enables clients, collaborators, and Westat staff to run online analyses and display various types of reports in real time using weighted (from complex samples) or unweighted data files. WesDaX is run from any standard web browser and is designed to allow users without high levels of technical and statistical expertise to have easy access to data. It is both 508-complicant and FISMA-moderate compliant.
Westat Automated Report Portal (WARP)
Client: Westat corporate system
Managed, architected, and supported this corporate report portal that has been deployed for both internal and external customers. The general website enables SAS programmers to make dynamic, parameter-driven reports and static documents available in the web environment without having to develop any web code. The portal is a generic system on top of SAS/Intrnet technology. It is both 508-complicant and FISMA-moderate compliant.
Basic Field Operations System (BFOS)
Client: Westat corporate system
Architected, managed, and deployed the first release of the company’s standard web-based distributed total survey management system. The core system consists of a central web- based study management system, a disconnected field interviewer management system
(deployed on Windows laptop computers, integrated with Blaise survey software) and a data transmission layer synchronizing the two.
Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey (FEVS)
Client: Office of Personnel Management (OPM)
OPM administers the annual web-based Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey (FEVS) to assess Federal employees’ job satisfaction and perceptions of workforce management effectiveness. Managed all IT systems, including (1) the Help Desk system, which enables Westat staff to track and reply to respondents’ questions and concerns, (2) the Response Rate system, which allows the client and individual federal agencies to monitor survey response rates in real time, and (3) the WesDaX system, in which the 2,000 agency-specific reports are posted, government users can access their agency’s reports, construct their own reports, and benchmark their agency against government- wide results.
Craig K. Ray
Page 5
Assisted Reproductive Technology Project (ART)
Client: Center for Disease Control (CDC)
A federally mandated annual data on Assisted Reproductive Technology procedures performed by U.S. ART clinics. A multi-faceted web data collection system tracking clinical performance of assisted reproductive clinics. Led the conversion of a classic ASP web system to ASP.NET. Managed the security Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process to receive the Authority to Operate (ATO).
Young Women’s Health History Study
Client: National Cancer Institute (NCI)
A population-based case-control study is looking at the association between energy balance factors, genetics, and types of breast cancer and breast cancer risk among women aged 20 to 49. Managed development of the entire study management system and the survey instrument.
Spanish Bladder Cancer Study
Client: National Cancer Institute (NCI)
Managed all technical aspects of the large and complex Spanish Bladder Cancer Study. The overall system consisted of a CAPI survey for administering the core questionnaire and 63 occupational modules. The CAPI instrument was developed in Blaise by a team of survey programmers. The study was managed with a multiuser receipt control system, a follow-up interview system, a data preparation system, and a master database system.
APACHE Medical Systems, Inc: McLean, VA 1994-1997
Director of Clinical Databases
Led and managed a team of 8-10 software professionals. Developed health-outcome database and application solutions in the UNIX environment using SAS, Delphi, and Oracle. Developed large turn-key SAS production systems to maintain clinical databases. Marriott International: Bethesda, MD 1989 - 1994
IT Manager
Honors: 1990 Hotel Systems Associate of the Year
Managed a technical staff of 12 and was a key system architect and programmer for the software development and the computer operations of Marriott's frequent traveler systems: Honored Guest Awards (HGA), the Courtyard Club, and the Fairfield INNsider's Club. Management responsibilities included client relations, hiring, personnel reviews, quarterly planning, budget Craig K. Ray
Page 6
development and execution, large-scale project management, team-building and staff allocation and development.
Operations Research Incorporated (ORI), Washington, DC: 1985 - 1989 Atlantic Research Corporation (ARC)
Associate Program Director/Programmer-Analyst
Worked as a SAS, C, and Oracle programmer, analyst and project manager for a leading government and industry consulting firm.
A contract instructor for the SAS Institute, teaching the SAS Basics and SAS Macro Language courses.
Designed and programmed major components in SAS of the Bureau of Labor Statistics Consumer Price Index (CPI) 1987 revision.
Technical director of a multi-year Navy contract to develop a distributed Oracle & C database system.
SAS Users Group International (SUGI):
o ‘Implementation of a Hashing Routine in SAS Software’, 1988 (invited paper) o ‘Extraction from Enormous Sequential Health Care Claims Data Files Using Multiple Format Tables’, 1988 (contributed paper)
o ‘A Comparison of Table Lookup Techniques’, 1987 (invited paper) Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC): McLean, VA 1984 - 1985 Statistician/Systems Analyst
Provided statistical and computational support under contract to the Environmental Protection Agency. Acted as project leader for numerous large scale mainframe software projects. U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS): Washington, DC 1983 - 1984 Mathematical Statistician
Provided statistical research and computational support for the 1987 revision of the Consumer Price Index (CPI).
General Electric Company (GE): Fairfield, CT 1979 - 1981 Statistician/Software Engineer
Participated in General Electric's "Software Engineering Program," a rigorous six-month software training program emphasizing the full software development's life-cycle. Additionally, was responsible for the detailed demographic & statistical reporting of General Electric's world-wide professional staff.
Craig K. Ray
Page 7
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
MA Statistics University of Rochester, 1983
BS Applied Mathematics & Economics SUNY at Stony Brook, 1979 Honors: Phi Beta Kappa
REFERENCES – References and representative work products will be provided upon request. STATUS – U.S. Citizen
Contact this candidate