Bryon Newcomb
Network Operations Management
adx2nj@r.postjobfree.com • 207-***-****
Poland, ME
Solutions-oriented technology professional offering extensive experience in IT network operational management. Demonstrated capacity to lead in any type of industry or environment. Excellent in steering cross- functional technology teams and business stakeholders for the delivery of major projects. Proven success in optimizing end-to-end network operations by coordinating and leading teams across the country. Accustomed to developing and executing robust strategies for ascertaining and mitigating risk factors to ensure continuous delivery of services. Track record of training, mentoring, and motivating team members to improve performance and boost productivity. Aptitude for standardizing deliverables to help strengthen teams value to an organization.
Areas of Expertise
Infrastructure Management
Strategic Planning
Change Management
Workflow Management
Networking & Troubleshooting
Microsoft Authentication
M&A Integration
Technical Project Management
Budgeting & Capital Planning
Risk Assessment & Mitigation
Regulatory Compliance
Team building management
Professional Experience
Radiology Partners El Segundo, CA 2022 – Present Network Operations Manager
Provided immediate and stable management to a team of engineers throughout the USA. Within three months of assuming manager role, additional director level responsibilities were added due to staff changes.
Supervised a team of 15+ engineers to implement hardware for over 2000 sites across the nation and provide Tier 3 support for firewalls, switches and internet circuits used in hospitals and clinics.
Contributed to the practice and team by setting priorities of work portfolios, managed network refreshes and redesigns while guiding junior engineers through educational opportunities or cross training.
Expanded multi-tasking skills while managing numerous competing priorities to keep pace with demand for resources while the practice is in a constant growth environment.
Drawing from extensive prior experience started transition from reactive to proactive team environment by establishing standards, centralizing documentation and empowering experienced engineers to take an active role in the team’s direction.
Strong desire to assume a director/strategic position drawing on experience gained in current and past roles. Currently handling budgeting, compensation, performance reviews and team additions or terminations. Also managing vendor relationships, third party field services and setting strategic vision. Geiger Lewiston, Maine 2011 – 2022
Network Operations Manager
Streamline end-to-end network operations by standardizing connectivity management in all offices with cloud- managed applications and offering reliable monitoring to prevent unexpected downtime. Managed the team's annual budgeting and capital planning. Analyze the risks associated with technology acquired through acquisitions. Optimize security vulnerability scanning process and resolve related issues. Comply with technical requirements to meet the standards of PCI/DSS while steering the team.
● Represented the company during financial audit interviews and risk assessments with corporate clients and auditors.
● Oversaw the United Kingdom associate onboarding, email migration to Office 365, and merger of the local network into corporate US network.
● Led the critical cloud migration of email hosting by retiring on-premises exchange and creating a hybrid connector between Microsoft Office 365 and on-premises active directory for authentication.
● Enhanced system reliability and decreased overall costs by migrating Avaya on-premises PBX to a cloud PBX provider.
● Recruited a team of IT professionals and coached a helpdesk troubleshooter into a junior engineer.
● Provided leadership and expertise in respect to network team's vendor relationships, negotiated favorable terms for capital projects and subscription renewals. Dr. Newtons Natural South Portland, Maine 2009 – 2011 Network Operations Manager
Enabled the company and associates to regain trust in the team by committing to no unplanned downtime and executing to standard. Managed the relocation of an office to a new location and creating a new data center. Additional Experience
Information Technology Manager, Sugarloaf Mountain Corp Carrabassett Valley, Maine Education
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Management
University of Maine Orono, Maine
Licenses & Certifications
Third-Party Certification – Information Technology Infrastructure Library v4 Foundation, 2022
Contact this candidate