Rob Samimi
Garden City, New York
516-***-****
adx6fy@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/rob-samimi-8641828

EXPERTISE:
IT Project Manager,
IT Procurement and Negotiating with vendors/ISP/Third party contractors related to IT department.
Microsoft Windows Servers 2003, 2008, 2012R2, 2016, 2019 system administrator, MS 365 Exchange cloud, Citrix 4.0 presentation Servers, VMWare VSphere 6.00, Administration and MS applications such as Office 2003, 2010, 2013, 2016.
Help desk technical support, troubleshooting, Diagnosed and resolved technical hardware/software issue.
Deep knowledge of TCP/IP, DHCP/DNS/SMTP/POP/IMAP/IPSEC/MLDP/lL2DP
.Securing enterprise infrastructure by setting up and applying Kaspersky enterprise Endpoint servers across the domains and pushing client agent to all workstations and also applying Cisco Security appliance such as Meraki systems for total enterprise security solutions.
Cisco Meraki MX80, 100, 400 and Enterprise cloud management firewalls, Routers, Security appliances. Managing and monitoring Cisco routers via Packet Tracer, Wireshark.
WAN (wide Area Network) VPN (Virtual Private Network) establishing private connection for satellite offices or POS via VPN.
Voice Over IP (VOIP) and IP phone systems.
Symantec Backup Exec / Endpoint Security enterprise and Cloud’s Data backup.
Fortinet cloud/firewalls (Fortigates).
Highly effective training and support for users of above technologies.
Handling high volume remote service calls and stablishing ticket systems via Connectwise and other utilities..
Supporting EHR and EMR apps such as IMS, Eclinical works, Dr Chrono
Handling IT budget and all IT projects.

Work Experience:

Northwell Health

2022 Aug to Present

IT Project Manager:

Lead multiple IT projects from initiation to completion
Develop and manage project budgets
Communicate with stakeholders, including IT managers, vendors, and executive leaders
Lead risk management and mitigation efforts
Gather, analyze, and report IT metrics
Plan and implement large-scale, multi-phase projects
Collect and manage project team
Manage budget, costs, and allocation of project resources
Monitor and report on project progress
Participated in building all data centers for new built Clinics across Long Island

Mobile Vascular Physicians

2020 Feb to 2022 Aug

IT manager/IT Project manager and administrator

Responsible for Office 365 Azure Cloud and SharePoint support and on-boarding and off boarding staff and implementation of endpoint security.
Responsible for all 8 Sites Surgical clinical centers IT support, projects, Design and installation
responsible for the day-to-day management of the engagement and managing all the organization’s technology infrastructure and assets.
assist project teams with technical issues in the project management lifecycle.
Developing and controlling budgets
General IT Problem Solving
Work with Purchasing Department regarding scope, price, submittals and delivery for purchased items. Coordinate installation procedures
Handling all Microsoft systems such as Windows desktop, Windows Server, Server Application Management, Active Directory administration, Global Policy Objects, Azure, Office 365.
Built Data Centers in each new Surgical center at Long Island, Brooklyn, Bronx.

Day to day activities:

1-Managing al IT projects and creating assessment and report estimated cost to Directors.
2-Managing Active directory and Azure SharePoint
3-Managing and implementing Cyber Security.
4-Managing Endpoint, Intune, Mail Exchange
5-Managing all IOS devices (IPad, IPhone)
6-Managing Door access HID and setup.
7-Setting up new Security Cameras.
8-Managing all IP phones, installation and setup(Vonage) (SIP setup)
9-Administrating Fortinet firewall/security appliances setup and troubleshooting
10-Managing and Setting up all Modalities (X-Ray, Ultrasound, Ivus, C-Arm) Packs uploads.
11-Microsoft Office 365, Azure administration (user setup, SharePoint, OneDrive, Intune (IOS, Windows)
12-Prepping desktop stations for joining Azure AD and administration through Microsoft Intune.
13-Setting iPhone, IPad (IOS) with Microsoft Intune.
14-Microsoft Endpoint administration.
15-Collaborating with Clinical managers daily for projects and issues
16-Monthly Budgeting report for IT supplies and clinical supplies.

Prohealthcare

2016 Jun to 2020-Feb.

System Analyst:

Evaluation and assessing Medical offices network infrastructure and adapting their Data center to Prohealth network backbone and standards. Investigating solutions for merging EMR applications.
Responsible for Executive level technical support
Support IT Department operational and technical planning and operations while fostering innovation and planning projects
Key technical contributor in the development, deployment, monitoring, maintenance, upgrade of IT systems, including AV, Meeting Services, PCs, operating systems, software,
Work with stakeholders & IT management to define business and systems requirements for new technology implementations
Maintain/Support/Deploy IT hardware and software for staff as needed -Support offsite events as needed
Handle problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution and follow-up for incidents and requests

PEG Long Island

2016 to 2016-6

Windows System Administrator and designer:

Windows Server 2008 AD/Exchange 2010 System administrator
Manage Project Contract
Building Off-site DAG environment for Exchange 2010
Exchange administrator /day to day Exchange admin setup

Microsoft

2015/1 2016/1

Concierge Support/Office 365/exchange Support

Helping Clients moving from outlook/Exchange 2010/2013 to office 365 cloud Enterprise
Remote Support for Windows Servers 2008 and 2008R2/AD /Exchange
Helping creating shared mailboxes/shared folders
Answering all client’s questions about office 365 plans and helping them choose right plan for their organizations.

American Society Of Hypertension

2001 to 2015

Systems Engineer/IT Project Manager
-
Managing all IT projects.

Responsibilities:
Help desk technical support, troubleshooting, diagnosed and resolved technical hardware/software issue
Updating and patching all Windows servers 2003/2008 and Windows XP, 7.0 Desktops.
Monitoring all servers, stations, Cisco switches, Cisco Meraki firewall/security appliance/routers and network’s traffic and preparing complete analysis of all crucial activities to the director.
Modifying Active directory for adding or removing domain users and updating group policy
Updating all station’s virus signatures through Kaspersky security and antivirus server via PUSH technology. Updating, modifying office 365 exchange active users.
Assist employees with their mobile handheld devices such as IPhone/IPad/Android smart phones and tablets for accessing office 365 Exchange and Lync.
Answering calls for service request all day and responding to each either via remote support or on-site.
Evaluating, recommending and Purchasing IT supplies and equipment.
Recent project: transferring all servers to cloud platforms such as VMWARE, Citrix ZENSERVER. Introducing VDI to Organization infrastructure.

Accomplishments:

Built this client's network infrastructure from ground up and brought them to the latest and most efficient computer network among "not for profit" organizations. Staff members have access via VPN technology and through very secure Cisco Meraki firewalls to their electronic documents and network resources from their laptops/tablets/IPads. I also have joined them to Microsoft Office 365 Cloud exchange and Lync Technology.

Bridging Access To Care

IT Consultant/IT Project Manager

2011 to 1/8/2015

Responsibilities:
Setup, administrate and monitor all 8 servers and 140 workstations (Windows servers (2003, 2008, 2012SQL, on all 4 sites) .
Setup, Review all 4 sites backup operations on-site by Symantec system recovery and Symantec system backup 2012 and off-Site (cloud) backup.
Check all help-desks tickets and resolve users issues either by visiting sites or by remote assistant tool, using Citrix.
Updating active directories and adding or removing users. Updating Kaspersky Security /antivirus server with latest patches and distributing all patches via Kaspersky server to all sites.
Setup, update Cisco's Meraki Routers/firewalls MX100, 400 and modifying security filters. Monitored all network activities and outside communications via Cisco Meraki and utilities such as Wireshark and Packet Tracer.
Evaluating component (desktops, servers, switches, phone systems, IP security camera systems) recommending replacement and negotiating with vendors for the best price. Daily checkup of Microsoft office 365 Cloud management and checking the health status of MS Exchange email. Adding or removing users and modifying Azure security protocols. Assist employees with mobile handheld devices including e-mail setup within iPhone, iPad, Droid and Blackberry.
Managing all IT projects.

Accomplishments:
Built organization network infrastructure from ground up in a very short period of time and have turned this not for profit organization into one of the most IT advanced NFP organizations,
With having a very low budget, still was able to secure this organization through most secure Cisco Firewalls and software application such as Kaspersky Security and antivirus server, This organization was able to qualify for many Governments grants.
Setup Microsoft cloud service 2013 (exchange, Azure Security administration via MS portal, Lync.)

Mckeon Steel Door Industries

IT Consultant/IT Project manager
2001 to 2013

Built the entire network infrastructure from ground up. Installed all new Servers and Workstations, Fortinet firewalls and routers on each satellite office (4 satellite offices) and stablished a VPN throughout the entire enterprise. Negotiated with all ISP and communication companies and saved thousands of dollars. Stablished a company domain name and email record (MX) and installed MS Exchange 2003 and managed and administrated all 2003/2008 servers either on-site or remotely. Traveled on occasions for improving and optimizing all satellite offices (LA, NV, DC, Brooklyn). Administrated all active directories and group policies on each site and updated and customized Fortinet firewalls for latest firmware and Virus signatures. Added and removed VPN’s for outside staff communications. Monitored all activities during the day and watched for any suspicious activity on communication channels via Fortinet security appliances.

NYU

2005 -2007 Computer Lab Instructor: Networking fundamental and communication
New York 15 Barclay Street

Education:

Microsoft MCSE certificate (expired at 2004) 2000 to 2001
Maintenance Broadcast Engineering Certificate 1995
B.S. University of Science & Technology (Tehran-Iran) 1972-1976
Contact this candidate