JOEL ABELLA
416-***-**** adxbd5@r.postjobfree.com Richmond Hill, ON L4C 4Z4

Objective
I am currently working as a full-time IT Director with hands-on experience in development, project management and leading Application Development team.

I am currently seeking contractor based opportunity in Development or Management to further enhance my career and explore more opportunities for my career growth.

Summary

An IT Director with a twenty-year record of leadership and software development experience in various areas, including infrastructure development and management, application support, and security optimization. My focus is always on satisfying customer needs through robust, innovative, and forward-thinking solutions. As an operational leader, I am a skilled and articulate communicator, and a practiced influencer. I collaborate effectively across functions to outline and achieve project targets, leveraging my skills in building solid business solutions based on methodologies and engineering principles. Additionally, I excel at solving complex problems and have a demonstrated ability to develop proposals, integrate technologies, and manage projects.

My passion is to drive modern day technologies and to use my skill to influence, lead and inspire teams.

Technical SKILLS

Expertise on Cloud Services – (Identity Management, Data Factory, Data bricks, Batch, NSG, SQL MI)
UI – Web Development (Angular, W3, ASP.net)
Blockchain Technologies
Data Science Engineering (Tableau, Power BI Tools)
Implemented multiple Design Patterns (CQRS, Clean Architecture, DDD, etc.)
Database – (MS SQL all versions, Oracle)
Expert in Object-oriented programming – (C#, C++, VB.Net, .Net Core)
UI – Desktop Development (WPF, Win forms)
Project & Support Management – (SDLC, Agile, Scrum, Lean, ITIL)
Factory Automation and Equipment integrations (Wafer maps, Wire Bonders, Laser Markers and Cell Controllers)
Domain Knowledge – (Finance IT, Risk Management, Asset Liability Management, Valuations and Trading Systems and Semi Conductor Industry)
Data Warehousing and Reporting (Power BI, MS BIDS, OBIEE, Tableau).
3rd Gen legacy Languages (AS400, RPG, CICS, COBOL, VB, and Clipper)
CI\CD – Pipelines (Jenkins, Azure DevOps, Github Enterprise, JIRA and Confluence Tools)
Security – DAST & SASS scans using Aquaduct, synopsis Blackduck and Fortify.
Automated Test Tools – Selenium, Cypress

Professional Experience
CIBC Bank Toronto, Canada
Director, Application Services March 2019 - Present

Working in a division of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) that offers a range of financial services to corporate, government, and institutional clients. My role is based on essential support of applications under Capital Markets and Treasury.

As the Director of Application Development, I am responsible for both people management and being a hands-on lead developer. Specifically, I manage a team of 17 developers and 8 offshore support members, while maintaining relationships with internal partners to proactively assess any disruption in application function.
My role involves leading the ongoing operations of applications and infrastructure in production, adhering to operational standards, vendor governance, and business requirements. I also drive innovation across my areas of responsibility and apply my expert interpersonal, communication, and problem-solving skills, which I excel at.
I successfully led the team in migrating all legacy applications to the Azure Cloud and building new ones using modern platforms such as Data Bricks, Azure Batch, Power BI, Angular Web Development, and .Net 6.0 frameworks.
I was successful in implementing DEVSECOPS builds that transitioned the team to the Agile framework, utilizing Azure CI/CD, and was able to partner with Synopsys to automate DAST and SAST scans.
As a people manager and hands-on lead developer, I managed a team of 17 developers and 8 offshore support members.

TD Bank Toronto, Canada
Treasury IT Manager June 2010 – March 2019

As a newcomer to Canada, I began my journey as a Software Developer from the ground up. After working hard for two years, my leadership skills and ability to deliver on big projects caught the attention of management, leading to my promotion to IT Manager. This tremendous success was a testament to my dedication and hard work. In this role I oversaw the technology and systems utilized by the bank's Treasury department.

I created cutting-edge financial models, systems, and processes used in Treasury and Balance Sheet Management (TBSM) to measure and manage market risks.
The tools developed by me played a crucial role in the success of major TBSM functions, including hedging of domestic and all North American portfolios, financial position reporting, funds transfer pricing, capital finance and front office operations, securitization, chief accountants, and FSS support.
The tools were all designed and developed in-house, using the latest technology to ensure they were highly efficient and flexible.
The existence and quality of the provided tools were key factors in achieving the success of TBSM functions.

Credit Suisse Singapore & New York
IT Consultant (Offshore Development\Support) June 2008 to June 2010

Provided offshore (nightshift) development and support for US Regulatory IT projects.
Led efforts to modernize legacy regulatory applications using modern technologies such as C#, Web, workflow, and powerful BI tools.
Hired specifically for the purpose of building and leading these modernization efforts.

Infineon Technologies Singapore & Germany
Software Engineer & Team Lead May 2006 to May 2008

As a Software engineer & Team Lead, I designed, built, and maintained custom factory software and drivers to manipulate and provide Equipment Integration Applications Development for wire bonders, cell controllers and Laser machines.
I provided support for multiple factories across Asia Pacific & Germany, Indonesia, Malaysia, China, and Singapore.
I conducted research and development (R&D) to enhance the performance of the equipment and applications.
Monitored the performance of team members to ensure that they met the required standards of quality, productivity, and efficiency.

Pru Life UK Philippines
IT Consultant August 2005 to May 2006

Hired as a contractor by Pru Life UK to provide software development services.
Leveraged expertise in building websites and distributed applications using WCF and Web Services.
Deployed services to all Pru Life UK branches in Asia.

Amkor Technology Philippines
CIM (Computer Integrated Manufacturing) Developer March 2002 – May 2006

•Developed and built bespoke software and drivers to automate Front End and Back End assembly for a semiconductor company using expertise in SECS\GEM, OpenGL, and Machine Languages.
•Managed to build applications and projects supporting multiple regions, countries, and companies including Intel, Xilinx, Microsoft, Siemens, etc. due to Amkor’s diverse portfolio.

Hexagon Group of Companies Philippines
Programmer/Analyst March 2001 – April 2002

•Functioned as a Programmer/Analyst at Hexagon Groups, where I began my career.
•Developed and implemented sales, inventory management, POS, and accounting systems for multiple companies.
•Generated GL for the companies through the accounting system.

Education
Lyceum of the Philippines
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science with Honors March 2001
Contact this candidate