Lee G. Marko
404-***-**** adxezu@r.postjobfree.com

IT Project Manager

As an experienced IT Project Manager with a strong background in communications, my skills and expertise have been honed by managing numerous IT infrastructure deployments, relocations, hardware & software upgrades, moves, adds, and changes, in diverse and complex environments. My experience managing communications centers, data centers, and various IT environments has given me an all-rounded perspective of IT management. I have a proven record for successful project delivery, on time and within budget, thanks to the meticulous and methodical project management process and procedure schema I’ve created. Additionally, my ability to employ proven continuous assessment techniques enables me to anticipate and avoid potential problems before they can jeopardize a project.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

IT Project Manager – Healthcare Industry (Contract Position) 10/2021 – 04/2023
Brooksource
As Project Manager, I successfully led a large-scale OS migration project from MS Windows 7 to MS Windows 10. Responsibilities included scoping, planning, and executing the project, which involved conducting a comprehensive inventory of all desktops and attached devices across multiple locations. I effectively coordinated efforts with a team of eight dedicated resources to perform site surveys, evaluate desktops and equipment, and complete the upgrades. The project included upgrading desktops with and without locally installed applications, Thin Clients, and similar devices, and I ensured that as many Windows 7 desktops as possible were upgraded before the end of 2021.

IT Project Manager – Employment/Staffing Industry 02/2020 – 10/2021
Insight Global
Responsible for planning and executing the implementation of IT infrastructure in new offices, relocation projects, and expansion projects. Over an 11-month period, I completed two office infrastructure implementations and one relocation project with utmost efficiency. In addition, I led an email archive migration assessment project that involved analyzing the feasibility of transferring 160TB of email from an externally hosted infrastructure to a local 0365 environment. My expertise also extends to completing eLitigation assessments and state regulatory consumer protection projects, both of which were focused on ensuring compliance with state and national statutes.

IT Project Manager – Healthcare Industry (Contract Position) 09/2019 – 11/2019
Trustpoint Solutions – Northside Hospital
As a Contracted Exchange Migration Specialist, I led a seamless migration from a 2013 to a 2016 Exchange environment. I ensured Outlook client compatibility with Exchange 2016, performed thorough testing in a dedicated lab environment, executed necessary upgrades, and collaborated effectively with internal and external stakeholders for a successful outcome.

IT Project Manager – Banking Industry (Contract Position) 05/2019 –09/2019
APEX Staffing – Wells Fargo Bank
As an Integration Lead/Project Manager in the Enterprise Technology Integration department, I oversaw modification, upgrades, and deployments of enterprise infrastructure integration in hardware, network, security, and applications. I ensured timely execution of integration plans by reviewing them for completeness and provided oversight of various resources across all IT departments within the bank.

IT Project Manager – Healthcare Industry (Contract Position) 08/2018 – 05/2019
Atayo / Trustpoint Solutions – Emory University Medical
As an IT professional, I assisted the Infrastructure Services department of a healthcare provider with scoping, planning, and executing an OS migration from Windows 7 to Windows 10. My responsibilities included conducting a complete inventory of all desktops and attached devices, scheduling and coordinating efforts to upgrade 16k Windows 7 desktops, and upgrading approximately 15-20 shared resources, including in-place upgrades with and without locally installed applications. I worked with various work centers and external contractors to successfully complete the upgrades, including the replacement of 6k desktops that had reached the end of their service life.

IT Project Manager – Banking Industry (Contract Position) 04/2018 – 08/2018
IDR Staffing - Wells Fargo Bank
As a Project Lead in the Enterprise Computer Services department, I led an agile/scrum project to implement, update and revise the final component of the banks' enterprise configuration management process and procedures system. My role included managing approximately 28 resources from five different remote work centers, overseeing software and hardware assets, and monitoring the tools used for implementation and maintenance of the assets.

IT Project Manager – Travel Industry (Perm Position) 12/2013 – 09/2017
Travelport Inc.
In this role, I managed an average of 18 to 25 projects over a 3 1/2-year period, spanning across 3 different departments and participating in 3 reorganizations of the corporation and PMO. The projects included infrastructure upgrades and implementations, application deployments and upgrades, network hardware upgrades, VPN implementations, and production support efforts. I managed numerous resources across all business units to successfully deliver the projects, with 75% of projects managed using Waterfall and 25% using a Hybrid Waterfall/Agile approach.

IT Infrastructure Project Manager – Banking Industry (Contract Position) 06/2013 – 12/2013
Genesis 10 – Bank of America
In this contract position, I successfully managed three moderately sized projects aimed at deploying complex IT environments that involved servers, load balancers, firewalls, storage, and three separate backup sites. As the project manager, I oversaw tasks such as managing project plans and budgets, updating expectations for stakeholders and team members, forecasting resource utilization, scheduling and reallocating resources, analyzing Scopes of Work, and adjusting project timelines.

IT Project Manager – Equipment Manufacturing (Contract Position) 12/2012 – 06/2013
Beacon Hill Technologies - Agco Inc.
As a Project Manager, I oversaw multiple projects across five data centers in the U.S., including suitability reviews, capacity planning, project planning, budget management, server OS upgrades, relocations, and new infrastructure deployments. I also managed application software upgrades. Additionally, I provided project management support to desktop support, network engineering, backup/restoration, and disaster recovery teams.

Skills & Experience:

Certified Project Manager (APRM) – (IO4PM) Int’l Organization for Project Management #121***********
Certified Scrum Master (SMAC) – Int'l Scrum Institute #796***********
Proficient with MS Office & Project 2010 & 2013
Microsoft Azure Cloud Implementation Experience
VMware Physical & VM Virtual Infrastructure Deployment Experience

Education & Affiliations:

2 years University of Maryland
Naval, resident and non-resident, Information Technology & communications courses
Completed non-resident and online vendor hosted training
(non-certificated courses, i.e., Cisco, Dell, HP, IBM and BICSI)
Member (PMI) Project Management Institute
FAA Certified Private Pilot
Contact this candidate