Fred Mulharin Monticello, NY ***** • 845-***-****
adxspn@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn

Accomplished IT professional with a stellar record of successfully delivering complex projects, leading high-performing teams, managing systems, and collaborating cross-functionally to achieve mutual business goals.
Hands-on leader with strong leadership skills, leading by example and empowering staff to take ownership of tasks and projects, while providing coaching and mentoring.
A problem-solver with a proven track record of researching and learning new systems to provide effective solutions.
Known for successfully leading efforts on projects, ensuring timely delivery, and meeting client expectations.
Results-driven individual passionate about driving innovation, enhancing productivity, and delivering high-quality solutions.
Enthusiastic professional and self-starter, as evidenced by recognition by peers with nominations in Gannett's quarterly peer recognition awards.
Professional Experience
Gannett – Middletown, NY
Lead Analyst/Team Lead 2021 to June 2023

Leverage leadership skills to spearhead a workstation replacement project and steer a team of analysts focused on deploying Windows/MAC workstations for new hires and performing replacement upgrades for existing employees. Write technical documentation and collaborate with other teams to streamline processes and procedures. Mentor analysts by delivering expert guidance in troubleshooting complex issues and implementing standardized processes.

Improved the accuracy and consistency of existing knowledge articles in online support portal by conducting comprehensive reviews and updates.
Led dynamic training sessions for support analysts on various systems and support applications, empowering teams to optimize the use of available tools.
Successfully facilitated the remote transition of the entire workforce at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, including leading a team to deploy laptops and configure workstations for seamless remote access.
Orchestrated site moves/closures by partnering with the Network infrastructure team to establish on-site network, designing layouts for new office space, reconfiguring servers, and printers. Collaborating with external vendors and internet service providers to ensure smooth integration of all services.
Ensured seamless transition of employees returning to the office after Covid by traveling to our Corporate Head Quarters in McLean, VA.
Conducted a thorough site assessment and liaised with the facilities team to identify and troubleshoot issues in the conference and boardrooms.
Detected and worked with Gannett’s Network Infrastructure to resolve firewall issues impeding connectivity to critical systems in the USA Today Newsroom HUB studio.
Gatehouse Media – Middletown, NY
IT Manager 1998 to 2020

Utilized leadership attributes to direct a team of support analysts with special emphasis on supporting 200+ end-users and systems at multiple office and production facilities. Configured open-source Linux-based servers and delivered an intranet web-based email solution, helpdesk ticketing system, company intranet site, shared file storage, as well as DNS and DHCP solutions.

Spearheaded the implementation of a VOIP solution, which resulted in annual savings of $35,000 in maintenance and usage fees, while ensuring superior quality of service and enhanced user experience.
Conducted comprehensive print cost analysis and advised the enterprise on selecting a standardized model for a leased multi-function printing solution that significantly reduced annual printing costs by over 30%.
Led a team during the complex transition process of a corporate sale and merger. Spearheading efforts to migrate emails and domains, as well as reconfiguring workstations from static IP to DHCP, ensuring minimal disruption to business operations.
Coached team to improve the collective service standard, while coordinating deployments of new systems, tools, and equipment.
Provided escalated support, including desktop and service troubleshooting.
Monitor and manage ticketing system, while keeping support staff accountable for issue completion.
Provide feedback on strategic planning, develop roadmaps, and identify immediate needs to support business objectives.
Develop new systems and improve upon existing services.

Education & Credentials

RedHat Certified Technician (RHCT) RedHat
Project Management Institute Competencies and Structure including an Introduction to PMI's PMBOK
Communication & Media Studies Brookdale Community College

Technical Skills

Windows & Mac OS Linux Shell Scripting VoIP Microsoft Office Suite Azure Active Directory SCCM DNS DHCP TCP/IP MS Windows Server VMWare PowerShell MS Exchange Remote Access Software ServiceNow Manage Engine ServiceDesk IT Project Management Knowledge Management Server Management Network Support IT Management Desktop Support Disaster Recovery Configuration Management Technical Support System Administration Cost-Effective Solutions Data Analytics Team Leadership Process Improvement Technical Troubleshooting Cross-functional Collaboration Strategic Planning & Execution Technical Writing Process Documentation Agile Methodology IT Infrastructure Network Administration
Contact this candidate