David Tully
**** ****** *****
El Dorado Hills, CA 95762
adxts1@r.postjobfree.com • 916-***-****

Management Leadership Profile
An established IT leader with proven experience integrating technology and business for mid-sized and large enterprises. Expert in leading cross-functional project teams throughout the end-to-end lifecycle of enterprise technology projects and programs. Adds value to an organization through an ability to serve as a strategic partner to multiple departments and lines of business, as well as across industries.

Technical Experience

SECURITY: MARS-E, HIPAA, FISMA, NIST. Cyber Security – Server-side security patching, penetration and vulnerability testing, SolarWinds (security event manager and performance monitoring), Wireshark, Tripwire, Penetration testing, Role-based Access Control (RBAC), Discretionary Access Control (DAC).
DATABASES: MS SQL Server, SQL coding, MS Access, SSRS Reporting, Intersystems CACHE'.
NETWORK & PROTOCOLS: Active Directory, LDAP, SSL, TCP/IP, VPN, TCP/IP, DNS, SSH, SFTP, EDI, SMTP, IPX, ISDN, Point-to-Point, SLIP, Ethernet, Token Ring, SNMP, Frame Relay, X.25. VMWare ESXi, vSphere, F5-BIG-IP Edge Client, Active Directory, Switches and Firewall Management, AWS Cloud Computing (IaaS), Cisco VOIP.
Cloud: AWS, Azure
LANGUAGES & SCRIPTS: Front end scripting using Java, Python, VBA, Perl and PowerShell.
PROJECT MANAGEMENT: PPM (Project & Portfolio Management), EPM (Enterprise Project Management), SDLC, Client Relations, Conflict Resolution, Staff Hiring, Performance Reviews, RFI, RFP, RFQ, Change Management/Control, Helpdesk Ticketing, Quality Assurance, Enterprise Resource Planning, Business Objects, Data Warehouse, Software Configuration Management, Workflow Design.
ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE: Active Batch workflow management, EMS Captiva InputAccel connected to 4 virtual servers, MS SharePoint Administration, SolarWinds ipMonitor, Serena Teamtrack and OpenAir (Helpdesk & Change Control), Cherwell Ticketing, Confluence, Jira, ServiceNow ITSM, BPOTS Ticketing System, Subversion Source Control, CoreTrac's ResourceOne, PeopleSoft.
APPLICATIONS: Expert Level - MS Office360, MS Visio, MS PowerPoint.
WEB TECHNOLOGIES: MS Visual Studio using ASP.Net, Adobe Creative Cloud, MS IIS, JQuery, Objective-C, Dreamweaver, Flash CS6, XHTML, CSS3, XML, Schemas, Web Analytics, Social Media, Photoshop.

Professional Experience

First Tech Federal Credit Union, Rocklin, CA August 2021 – June 2023
Core Digital Business Applications Manager

Multi-state federal credit union. Manager of core banking platform applications with a staff of 12 both on shore and off shore territories. Responsible for integrating 3rd party applications into the core banking provided services to members.

Planned, tested and managed software deployments in joint with other business units.
Hosted remote meetings with business units to review resourcing for High Level Solution Design (HLSD) for new project initiatives
Established goals and objectives, establish processes, methods & controls, and organize the development function to successfully deliver software development initiatives through a structured, problem-solving approach
Conducted post deployment triage meetings
Daily communications with key project stakeholders, keeping them advised of project progress and generally making IT activities transparent to stakeholders.
Well versed in reading monitoring tools such as Splunk and Dynatrace
Manage offshore vendors, consultants and overall budget for IT
Managed staff involvement in semi-annual disaster recovery exercises
Collaborated with Portfolio Leaders to understand technical and resource roadmap for the future
Senior Incident Management team member for member impacting reported issues
Developed support plans for new project initiatives

EXELA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. Sacramento, CA June 2013 – August 2020
IT Manager
Government contract with State of California for the President's statewide Covered California Affordable Health Care program. Manager with 8 direct reports.

As the IT manager, it was my responsibility to provide all client and server-side programming along with network and security support needs for our west coast facility.
Duties started out with a ground floor build-out of a server room in collaboration with our east coast implementation team and selected IT vendors. Implemented a private virtual cloud environment (AWS) to support 24 by 7 production batch back-end processing. Drafted and submitted quarterly data reports of site production activity to the State of California.
Worked closely with external security auditors in completing quarterly required penetration and vulnerability tests to conform with the state of California’s Minimum Acceptable Risk Standards for Exchanges (MARS-E) and protection of client PHI (personal health information).
As the onsite security administrator, assured all assigned desktop, laptops, security tokens and Citrix desk phones conformed to security and role-based access requirements. Performed annual performance reviews of staff.
My primary role soon shifted to onsite support of developing proprietary API software to support client and business automated software solutions to process outbound and inbound print/mail healthcare documents using PowerShell, Python, C# and C++ scripts with built-in failover functionality.
Collaborated monthly with senior management and QA team to assure business plans met goals and SLA expectations. Established connection to an out of state remote disaster recovery site and performed quarterly testing which greatly reduced the company’s DR risk.
Managed and Maintained EMC’s Captiva Input Accel platform connected to a load balanced set of virtual servers to capture images from a 32-channel enterprise fax system. Supported 6 high volume scanners to capture health care enrollment documents that fed into a SQL database.
Administered a MS SharePoint platform to securely store sensitive member health care documents. Maintained a SQL database that included custom SSRS audit reports. Available 24 x 7 to support daily production activity.
Maintained ticketing system using ServiceNow ITSM.

THE GOLDEN 1 CREDIT UNION, Sacramento, CA August 1997 – June 2013
Application Programming Manager
Under the direction of executive management, developed and implemented both near and long term corporate wide credit union projects that included custom built application using the language Intersystems Cache for large volume transaction processing. Manager with 12 direct reports.

Supported thin client applications at 50 full-service branches, five non-teller branches, and 210 ATMs. On project team to implement mobile banking app to deliver banking product and services to customer base in excess of 600,000 members for IOS, Android, and Tablet’s devices.
Worked closely with the Compliance and Audit management teams to develop written banking policy enforcement procedures that included quarterly training for Homeland Security, BSA, and Patriot Act. Developed and negotiated vendor contracts and services.
Ensured that sufficient resources were in place to provide high-quality support, extended hours coverage, first responder experience, and 99% uptime on host and ATM systems. Management functions such as hiring and promoting, quarterly team building workshops, and annual performance reviews.
Disaster Recovery leadership team member responsible for replicating mission critical business applications to local and long-distance hot sites.
Developed written validation plans for quality control using sophisticated change control system and assured project performance that aligned with company and business unit goals and objectives. Implemented help desk ticketing system.
Prepared technology hardware and software budget proposals in excess of 5 million dollars.

Los Rios Community College District, Folsom, CA June 1994 - Present
Adjunct Instructor (Part Time – evening class 1 night a week)

Mentored and educated students in software development using Visual Studio 2017 for VB and C#, database management, Microsoft applications, and Web Design using HTML5 and CS6 and mobile web development. Developed training curriculum and methods, training materials, and delivered system training using a variety of Learning Management Systems (LMS). Taught courses that included Object level programming using C#, C++ and VB, SQL Database Management, Server- side scripting using Java and PHP, Networking Technologies. Taught courses in developing websites using HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, jQuery, Objective 'C' with the implementation of MySQL and MS Access for data storage and retrieval. Developed course curriculum, textbook acquisition, lecture outlines, and testing material. Active member of campus Business Technical Advisory Board. Active faculty committee member to transition local high school AP students into the CIS program at Folsom Lake College.

CERTIFICATIONS
PSM 1 – Near completion of Professional Scrum Master Certification

EDUCATION
California State University, Sacramento
Degree: B.S.
Major: MIS
Minor: Computer Science

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Folsom Lake College - Business Technical Advisory Board Member
DPMA - Data Processing Management Association (past officer)
ASAP - Association of Sacramento Area Planners
ISSA - Information Systems Security Association
ACP – Adobe Certified Professional
Holy Trinity Parish – Volunteer Sound Technician for Sunday Services
USMCL - Web Master for Military Site to assist veterans (5 years)
Contact this candidate