Sherwin Sterling
San Antonio, TX
adxuzk@r.postjobfree.com
+1-210-***-****
skills with proven success in the IT and Project Management environment. Currently holds a Department of Defense Security clearance. Work Experience
IT Project Manager
United States Air Force - San Antonio, TX
June 2019 to Present
Outlined over $500 million dollar work plans, determined resources, wrote timelines and generated initial budgets as part of project scope determination.
Developed over 25 project management roadmaps to define project objectives, timelines and milestones.
Oversaw large portfolio of Department of Defense projects to over 226 support teams and Department of Defense agencies, reported daily progress and influence positive outcomes for key stakeholders. Updated operational methods and oversaw accounting procedures for improved efficiency. Recruiter Regional Manager
United States Air Force - Belleville, IL
April 2017 to June 2019
Managed 15-person recruitment team and educated and mentored new advisors. Worked with over 6 recruiting teams and managers, and human resources representatives to accomplish hiring objectives.
Collaborated with legal and compliance teams to review paperwork, obtain feedback and procure available information for new training processes.
Streamlined HR efficiencies, coordinated new hire orientations and provided onboarding and training for new employees.
Developed lists of qualified candidates for corporate hiring managers. Healthcare Recruiter
United States Air Force - Paducah, KY
July 2015 to July 2017
Scheduled over 100 interviews with healthcare professionals. Utilized social media sites to recruit new employees
(Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram)
Worked with healthcare manager to determine specific job qualifications. Scheduled and oversaw HIPAA and OSHA training for new employees. Increased recruiting goals by 75% over 6 month period and awarded Recruiting Silver badge winner Technical Recruiter
United States Air Force - Belleville, IL
January 2017 to January 2017
Coordinated with IT team leaders to forecast hiring needs and department goals. Onboarded over 150 new technical hires and set up training for civilian workforce. Referred over 200 candidate resumes to customer account managers for evaluation and submission. Operated as trusted advisor and subject matter expert to build strong and credible relationships with senior leaders, hiring managers and critical stakeholders. Used Boolean searches to develop applicant portfolios for expected openings. Interviewed over 500 candidates using different interview methods and approaches. Instructor Network Engineering
Community College of the Air Force - Biloxi, MS
January 2009 to August 2015
Taught over a thousand hours and received Master Instructor Certification in Network Engineering and telecommunications practices.
Graded student assignment projects and proctored tests through online an platform and utilized hybrid teaching methods.
Telecommunications and Network Engineer Supervisor United States Air Force - Biloxi, MS
April 2008 to June 2015
Managed over 62 technicians in 3 facilities and performed daily network operations and cybersecurity measures
Troubleshot and maintained networking devices and infrastructure across enterprise. Installed firewalls and VPNs to increase and manage client network security. Mitigated risk by analyzing complex computer systems to assess vulnerabilities. Administered software licensing and purchasing for effective installation of network. Education
MBA in Business Management
Columbia Southern University - Orange Beach, AL
May 2017 to October 2019
Associate of Applied Science in Resources Management Community College of The Air Force - Montgomery, AL 2015 to May 2018
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE
December 2012 to December 2016
Associate of Applied Science in Electronics
Community College of The Air Force - Montgomery, AL 2005 to April 2008
Skills
• Project planning and
development
Staff Management
Strategic planning
Project Management
2014-01 -
2017-01
2001-01 -
2014-01
• LAN
• IT Project Management
• Cybersecurity
• Computer Networking
• Network Security
• Active Directory
• DoD Experience
• Information Security
• Network Firewalls
• Microsoft Windows
• VPN
• Project management
• Technical project management
• Project management lifecycle
• Product management
• Program management
Languages
• English - Fluent
Links
http://linkedin.com/in/sherwin-sterling-682282183
Military Service
Branch: US Air Force DoD Security Clearance
Service Country: United States
Rank: MSgt/E7
July 2001 to Present
Awards
Information Dominance Award
May 2013
Information Dominance Award
May 2014
Information Dominance Award
May 2014
Sijan Leadership Award
November 2021
Certifications and Licenses
PMP
AED Certification
BLS Instructor Certification
BLS Certification
CPR Certification
AWS Cloud Practitioner Certified
February 2023
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals Certification
December 2022
ISC Certified Cybersecurity
November 2022
Additional Information
AWS Practitioner
Contact this candidate