Luis Ortega, MS adxyzk@r.postjobfree.com
352-***-****

Summary

My professional path has progressed from Network Management to Project/Program management, Scrum Master/Agile and operational leadership positions for medium and large IT organizations in the Healthcare and Manufacturing sectors – with a focus on ERPs, BI, web/mobile applications, RPA, and Digital Transformation delivery. I have worked with executive leadership developing strategies to maintain a tight handle on scope, spending, risks, associate development, executive communication and client-facing strategy plans.

P r of e s s ion a l E x p e r ie n c e

IT SUPPORT MANAGER @ GE Healthcare (contract) Apr 2023– present
Lead Support Projects involving infrastructure/software deployments and fixes. Responsible for supporting Tech Support teams across the state of Wisconsin, establishing operating mechanisms, performing a gap analysis of process improvement, gather customer satisfaction data, develop remediation plans.
IT PROGRAM MANAGER @ AisleLogic Jul 2022– Feb 2023
Responsible for management of Business Intelligence development, Vendor management, Robotic Process Automation, Process Improvement initiatives, Client Projects, and the internal Helpdesk team. Assigned and reviewed the work of systems analysts, programmers, and other computer-related workers.
Consulted with users, management, vendors, and technicians to assess computing needs and system requirements. Directed daily operations of department, analyzing workflow, establishing priorities, developing standards, and setting deadlines. Evaluated data processing proposals to assess project feasibility and requirements.
IT PROJECT MANAGER @ Northwestern Mutual (contract) Jun 2021– Jun 2022
Owned program management efforts for initiatives related to defining underwriting and risk assessment capabilities, including automated risk assessment, and new digital sources of underwriting information. Independently led cross-departmental projects/programs to determine scope, business value, resources, schedule, and obtain budget approval.
In charge of operating mechanisms, vendor management, budget, project plan, risk management, communication plan, execution/delivery, executive summary reports, while maintaining alignment with other project/program efforts supporting the digital transformation agenda.
IT PROJECT MANAGER @ Direct Supply (contract) Oct 2020– Jan 2021
Managed the upgrade of a VPN client for all of Direct Supply, along with the deployment of Office365 (upgrade from Office2010). In charge of operating mechanisms, vendor management, budget, project plan, risk management, communication plan, executive summary report, intranet portal and training demos.
IT PROJECT MANAGER @ Zurn Manufacturing (contract) Feb – Aug 2020
Led IT upgrade implementation of Microsoft AX 2009 to Dynamics 365 ERP – Finance and Operations modules. Liaison between the IT and Business organization leading project planning, operating mechanisms, SCRUM/Agile development, UAT, risk/issues management, vendor management (SOW/Milestones/Tracking) and executive communication.
Restructured the timeline and resource plan allocation through the COVID pandemic, in order to create realistic delivery date expectations.
IT PROGRAM MANAGER @ Charter Manufacturing (contract) Jan – Sept 2019

Led several IT projects for the Finance organization. These included an Emerging Technologies RPA automation (Automation Anywhere) project, starting with the automation of the Invoice Processing task (cycle reduced from 8 hours to 19 minutes). Developed an API to connect the HR system new hire process. Implemented Oracle ERP modules needed to fulfill Financial Regulatory Requirements.

Acted as Liaison between the Finance and IT organization assisting with project planning, documentation, execution and communication.

IT MANAGER @ WageWorks Jan – Dec 2018

In charge of three teams (totaling 21 employees): Inbound File Processing, Error Reporting, and Research Teams. I manage special projects that map end-to-end processes and identifies/develops/tests/implements opportunities for automating those processes. I conduct Technical Training Sessions to develop the technical expertise (SQL, Scripting, Process Mapping/Documentation) and growth of teams inside and outside my group.

IT PROGRAM MANAGER @ Rockwell Automation (contract) Dec 2016 – Jul 2017

Led multiple phases of the development and implementation lifecycle of a multi-million-dollar collection of Projects to completion, including a Master Data Management (MDM) solution called Maestro. This system was integrated with SAP, along with Microsoft's Sales Force Automation tools - Dynamics CRM and Marketing modules. Gathered requirements, led SCRUM sprints/demos/retrospectives and executed development and User Acceptance Testing for the solution.
SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER @ Harris Data (contract) Apr 2016 – Dec 2016

Established PMO processes, operating, Agile project framework, and documentation mechanisms for the IT organization. Leading new ERP/CRM implementations by coordinating support and development team efforts. In charge of internal and post-sales client executive communication.

GE Healthcare Jun 2011 – Dec 2015
SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER
Led IT compliance projects across four Business Intelligence (BI) and Service platforms for teams located in 10+ countries, impacting 7000+ employees, and service operations globally. Directly managed other project managers, IT Leadership Program (ITLP) members, and contract staff, Mentored/coached other ITLPs and team members in the organization.

Ed u c a t ion / P r o fe ss io n al T r a i n in g

University of Florida (Gainesville, FL): MS in Information Systems & Operations Management, GPA: 3.9 2011
University of Florida (Gainesville, FL): BS in Information Systems & Operations Management, GPA: 3.5 2010

Training
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt. Four-week course on Lean and Six-Sigma principles.
Agile/SCRUM Master Certification (GE).

Certifications
The Data Scientist’s Toolbox. Coursera License P3LB8AMBMSN3
R Programming. Coursera License J4LLENB7DSAK
Contact this candidate