Terry A. Hulse General Manager / Customer Service
ady3tk@r.postjobfree.com 574-***-**** Valparaiso, IN 46383
Skilled and dynamic business professional with robust experience fostering organizational growth through exceptional organizational leadership, sales management, and customer service abilities has added recent education in various areas of computer science. Adept at coordinating multiple business operations, from auditing inventory levels and product staging to data management, issue resolution, and workplace safety measures. A successful General Manager, dedicated to increasing store revenue through the development of highly effective employees that create and maintain an optimal customer experience.
Areas of Expertise include:
Operations Management
Organizational Leadership
Sales Strategy
Customer Relations
Inventory Management
Employee Development
Project Management
Human Resources
Communication & Collaboration
Professional Experience
Boone Grove Christian Church • Boone Grove, IN • March 2023 to Current
Network Administrator / Website Designer
• Upgraded legacy computer to a more up to date computer while integrating a legacy printer to new computer
• Updated network for faster speed
• Currently building a new website to go online in 2023

Dollar General Perishable Warehouse • Westville, IN • August 2019 to February 2022
General Warehouse Associate
Utilized daily shift meetings to increase staff communication and ensure cross-functional teams were dedicated to common goals.
Established a reputation as the top Dollar General Perishable Distribution Center in the country.
Streamlined organizational operations, understanding multiple areas to fill in gaps, as necessary.

MSC Industrial Direct Co. Inc. • Elkhart, IN • May 2018 to August 2019
Merchandise Selector / Verified Checker
Increased organizational effectiveness, completing multiple assignments within a narrow timeframe.
Maximized productivity and output, loading multiple semi-trailers by hand to ensure timely delivery to a variety of locations.
Promoted accuracy and quality assurance, personally inspecting all pallets before leaving the warehouse.

Pilkington North America- Automotive Glass Repair Division • South Bend, IN • December 2016 to April 2018
Warehouse Associate / Route Delivery Driver
Leveraged efficient logistics and scheduling to identify optimal routes and solidify on-time delivery rate.
Monitored competition prices, matching pricing when appropriate to promote sales generation.
Demonstrated an ability to overcome objections, building value in products to secure long-term partnerships.

Fresenius Medical Care • Multiple Locations • October 2014 to November 2016
Biomedical Technician 1
Successfully oversaw operations across numerous biomedical facilities.
Recognized for outstanding individual contributions, chosen to partner with teams across the country to launch new facilities.
Consistently ensured regulatory compliance of the facility and staff, meeting all established OSHA requirements.

Canteen Vending Services • South Bend, IN • September 2012 to October 2014
Driver / Route Sales
Developed and cultivated strategic partnerships with route customers, earning repeat sales and referral opportunities.
Routinely increased sales volume across multiple delivery routes.
Adequately maintained all equipment, ensuring proper operation to maximize productivity.

Additional Experience:
Account Executive Centennial Wireless
Achieved 133% and 110% of annual quota in consecutive years, capitalizing on consumer and business markets.
Route Sales Rep Interstate Brands (Hostess)
Learned all routes, placing orders to meet supply demand. Met with store staff to audit inventory. Started as a Relief Driver and Warehouse Worker, working up the ranks to receiving a personal route.
Warehouse, Route Sales Rep Nickels Bakery
Maximized route sales through effective inventory management, customer service, and market analysis.
Route Sales Krispy Kreme
Demonstrated outstanding customer service, meeting the needs of all clients, and ensuring proper inventory levels.
General Manager U-Haul Company of Michigan
Coordinated comprehensive operations of the location, including HR, marketing, and management.
Education
Security + 601 / Network + 10-008/ Cybersecurity Foundations
Eleven - Fifty Service Academy - Indianapolis, IN – 06/2022- 11/2022

State of Indiana Firefighter I & II,
Public Safety Training Institute - University of Notre Dame • Notre Dame, IN
State Certification 50075(71001) • IDHS Certification 1972-9663

State of California E.M.T.,
Canterbury Career School • Colton, CA
Contact this candidate