Phyllis A. Dunn
One Louders Lane Jamaica Plain, MA 02130 617-***-**** ady9w9@r.postjobfree.com

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LEADER

IT Leader with 20+ years of experience (CIO, CEO, CTO, VP, Director, Consultant) developing strategic plans to meet goals, and providing a customer-centered approach to development, delivery, and implementation of enterprise infrastructure strategy, service delivery standards, and operational processes to improve IT services. Expert at BPM services that simplified operations and improved productivity Managed up to 150+ employees, and led many international projects with $50M+ budgets. Deep knowledge of IT business processes, operations, and theory, and financial reporting, analysis, IT Governance and budgeting. Expertise with IT systems features and integration capabilities, information architectures, workflows, report development and dashboard KPI metrics, and data analysis. Created data structure, connecting it to the business, and provided coverage and quality by creating a master data foundation. Adept at business requirements analysis and systems design for Waterfall and Agile methodologies SDLC. Strong negotiating, communication, and project/program management skills.
Biograph Highlights
Phyllis Dunn is a successful leader in business and technology. Her vision has kept her on the forefront of developing and future projected technologies. She has served both publicly traded and privately held companies from startup to revenues exceeding 7 billion. She has brought two companies public. She has developed strategic plans for the business line that balance growth, cash flow, and customer service objectives. She was a partner in a restaurant, owned a catering company and provide cooking classes for Whole Food shoppers.
With more than 25 years as a driving force for growth in companies, she has demonstrated expertise in developing the infrastructure necessary for success in early-stage companies and growth expansion. Experience includes the HealthCare, Software Development and Support, Direct Marketing, and Education industries. She has developed and implemented systems to measure levels of satisfaction, analyze results and promote changes to improve service.
As Vice President of Business Development at Viador, she formed strategic partnerships with IBM, CSC, and Oracle and developed business strategy and partnerships with several large OEMs, including Compaq and HP. She executed the largest business sale in Viador history to the Department of Education. She has managed against annual operating budgets that are consistent with overall business line strategy.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Director, Information Technology 2009–October 2017
Massachusetts Department of Transportation (MassDOT), Boston, MA
Managed 10-member team is responsible for development and implementation of timely, effective, business-critical solutions in SharePoint, ASP.net, and C#.
A managed 7-member team of database development and administrators in QL and Oracle. the concept of data stewards and their role in assessing, improving, and managing data quality while creating
Managed 9-member team of business analysts and information architects responsible for all MassDOT systems.
Lead large implementations and oversaw steering and communications regarding integration management, scope, time and schedule, cost, quality, resource management, communication to PM and technical team, risk, procurement, and stakeholder management.
Led payroll (Kronos) and HR implementation across all MassDOT for over 4000 people
Led Aeronautics implementation of all their applications and processes
Responsible for Driving annual IT-related business initiatives planning activities via IT Strategic Planning Processes and developing IT Roadmaps for Twelve (12) large organizations
Streamlined processes to increase productivity and improve decision making. Ensured compliance with our System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and implementing project management processes and best practices while meeting our Regulatory and Security Requirements.
Directed IT and VENDORS in delivering on Planned/Budgeted/ Quality initiatives through Portfolio Management best practices, contract and compliance and performance metrics.
Ran weekly project review meeting ensuring all IT-related business initiatives were reviewed, rated, and accessible to measure performance.
Coordinates presentations on annual budgets for IT related business Initiatives supporting business partner teams
Supports Monthly Compliance Reviews on Progress vs. Goals including Audits, Qualifications, and Validation
Saved $100K+ annually by analyzing, researching, and recommending improvements to current systems and infrastructure through vendor contract negotiations.
Identified critical-success factors necessary to create value for multiple departments: gathered business requirements, documented process flows, and wrote and executed test plans and specifications for reporting and building new applications, helping to streamline business and meet business objectives.
Produced three-dimensional reports (Business Intelligence), scorecards, and graphs showing key performance indicators and milestones against plans.

President & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 2003–2009
Send_U Direct, Boca Raton, FL and Boston, MA
The managed team who created mobile marketing platform and text advertising applications.
Created continuous improvement procedures that built consensus, established performance and operational metrics, and defined customer business needs and requirements.
Developed reliable and transparent communication system to ensure updated project team.
International Program Manager, Digital Equipment Corporation
Established new European Division responsible for staffing, budgeting, operational plan, forecasting, identification of key interfaces, and department oversight.
Spearheaded a team of System Engineers in introducing new products to the marketplace
Established full product lifecycle from market/customer and software requirement definitions to functional specifications
Authored the products business and marketing plans, division’s training plan
oIntroduced plans for the marketplace
Administered organizational growth of department to more than 2,000 employees
Established management practice leading to project and program management for 15-20,000 customer support specialist
Project Manager
Implemented a worldwide, infrastructure upgrade project with a trouble reporting database application solution for Wang Laboratories
Managed more than 1000 personnel, located in 4 countries
Managed project team during the installation of this multi-million-dollar Automated Call Distributor for Wang Western Area Dispatch Center
Increased emergency response time through the facilitation of radio systems in every vehicle because of successful negotiations with the Boston Police Department/MWRA
Program Manager
Established five (5) international and regional CRM centers
Designed and implemented a solution-based database and call management tracking system
Re-engineered hardware and software technical support worldwide
Saved company $3.4M in workforce costs through the restructuring of field organizations
Led consultants to identify and close key requirements gaps to keep the MWRA project on schedule
Conducted a requirements health check/risk assessment and selected options and worked plans to ensure project’s success

Chief Technology Officer (CTO) 2001–2003
Centale, Fort Lauderdale, FL
Managed system design efforts for marketing product.
Analyzed technology industry trends to form organizational objectives, developed strategic plans to meet goals and established standard operating procedures.
Served as major team contributor in taking the privately held company public.

Phyllis A. Dunn

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Vice President, Professional Service Delivery & Sales 1998–2001
Viador, Santa Clara, CA
Managed $10M+ P&L, grew revenue from $1M to $3M in 15 months by penetrating new markets for state, federal, and local governments, and built $30M revenue pipeline.
Hired, trained, and managed 10-member Advanced Solutions Group, consisting of pre-sales and implementation activities.
Increased sales closure rate 26% and increased reference accounts 40% through innovative customer support programs and sales cycle management.
Won the largest contract in company history from the federal government, which provided portals for student loan platform with 4M users nationwide.
Developed creative tactics for competitive advantage with service methodologies and products.
Established methodology and new marketing approach to rapidly deploy business solutions (twice as fast as the leading competition) through multi-skilled teams.
Served as a key contributor in taking company public by identifying future functionality to increase market position and by establishing public sector to give company competitive edge.

Adjunct Professor 1996–1998
Cambridge College, Cambridge, MA
Created and taught courses for graduate students: information technology, internet marketing, and business development, and rated by students as top department instructor.
Phyllis A. Dunn continued page 3
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Boston Club, Board of Directors Member
The Fenway Community Health Center, Board of Directors Member

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS

Project Management Institute (PMI)
International Institute for Business Analysis (IIBA)
COMTO (Conference of Minority Transportation Officials)
CIO index

EDUCATION and PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Computer Science, two years of classes toward B.S. degree (Pace University, NY)
Management Programs for Digital Equipment Corporation (Harvard University, MA)
Finance, Executive Management Program (Columbia University, NY)

PERSONAL INTERESTS

Cooking, sailing, traveling, and playing piano, trumpet, drums, and flute

(continued)
Page 2
Contact this candidate