Jaclyn Jurca
Rockwall, Tx.
972-***-**** adylbc@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/janayjurca
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Top-performing Project Manager/Product Owner with a record of success in managing business-critical projects from initiation through to final completion and launch. Possess subject matter expertise in the banking and finance fields, with particular focus in commercial lending, mortgage lending, insurance, and pre-foreclosure/foreclosure proceedings. Strongly skilled in analyzing business needs, and designing plans, policies, and procedures that enhance processes. Solid communication skills leveraged in cultivating meaningful relationships with key internal and external stakeholders.
−Project/Program Management
−Problem Solving
−Team Leadership
−Continuous Improvement
−Regulatory Compliance
−Product Owner
−Technical Writing/Documentation
−Interpersonal Communications
−Vendor Management
−System Development Lifecycle
−Business Analysis
−Training/Mentoring
−Agile/Scrum Methodologies
−Risk Management/RAID Tracker
−Strategic Planning/Analysis

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

PrimeLending - Hilltop Holdings, Dallas, Tx 6/2018 - Present
IT Sr. Project/(acting)Program Manager
Manage industry critical software project by planning of project scope, phases and schedule, preform detailed process, functionality and GAP analysis, and coordinate with multiple workstreams to identify and document functional and configuration requirements. Establish and manage project and program schedule by defining task, resources and dependencies while recognizing current and potential roadblocks and coordinate resolution in order to maintain project timeline.
Key Contributions
Manage Project/Program Request & Prioritization, Investment Approval Process, to produce Project Schedule, manage Deadlines, Resources, Scope, SOWs & Budget
Lead LOB workshops to obtain Functional, Technical and Configuration requirements. Along with product design reviews and approvals, manage Development, Business Analyst & Quality Analyst resources
Work aim partnership with Leadership team to support EPMO team growth & improvement,lead fundamental EPMO initiatives
Serve as Sr Project/Program Manager on multiple essential business software projects (Examples: HR replacement system, Integration of new loan origination and processing systems), lead in-house development efforts, 3rd party vendor integrations and database exports
Server in a leadership role as Capacity & Demand Manager for the EPMO team. Identify & manage EPMO resource assignments, reporting and demand vs capacity process
Service in a leadership role within the EPMO team as administrator and trainer of Planview (project management tool) & AzureDevOps (project development managements tool)

FAIRWAY INDEPENDENT MORTGAGE, Carrollton, TX 6/2017 – 6/2018
IT Project Manager/Business Analyst
Execute business-critical IT projects by performing detailed analysis, modeling, and project planning. Partner with application architects, developers, and testing teams to reach consensus on requirements, scope, timelines, priorities, and dependencies. Track open issues, and coordinate resolutions to maintain project timeframes. Draft and update documentation including business and customer requirements, use case and functional specifications, and process workflows. Schedule project deployments in Test, Staging, and Production environments.
Key Contributions
Serve as Lead Business Analyst on priority projects of Consumer Loan Application and Electronic Mortgage Closing portals and related product integrations.
Collaborated on vendor integrations to core origination POS system via APIs and SKD structures.

MISYS GLOBAL FINANCIAL SOFTWARE, Plano, TX/Remote 1/2016 – 6/2017
Business Analyst/Product Owner/Product Manager – Product Team
Directed all facets of planning and scoping for multiple projects related to Commercial Loan Origination Product (e.g., System Analytics, Regulatory Compliance, UI/UX product design/functionality) including development of roadmaps, producing of resources, and Sprint planning around the commercial loan origination product. Updated executive management on project status, and facilitated client domes, presentations, and workshops to review requirements and needs.
Key Contributions
Authored various project documentation, and functional and technical requirements.
Visited banking clients to review client process and product configuration for pain points & product core enhancements/design
Reviewed lending regulations and lending origination systems to identify gaps and enhancement opportunities.
Design lending software analytical dashboards and reports.

TORCHMARK CORPORATION, McKinney, TX 12/2014 – 1/2016
Business Analyst
Managed multiple projects including Agent Portal Leads, Agent Portal Tasks, Agent Portal Software, and Global Instant Issue Software applications. Designed standardized templates and procedures for the Business Analyst including, but not limited to, Team Metrics, Test Plans, and Project Tracking Logs. Gathered and drafted business and technical requirements documents. Ensured project compliance with HIPAA and PCI regulations. Collaborated with project owners/sponsors and IT developers on software application designs and implementations.
Key Contributions
Trained and mentored a Junior Business Analyst.
Created process flows, mock-ups, and drafted/conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) procedures, managed defect reporting and issued corrective actions.

BANK OF AMERICA, Plano, TX/Remote 11/2009 – 6/2014
Senior Business Process Analyst – Business Control Special Projects
Engaged with executive leadership, technology groups, business partners, and contract resources and provided a variety of quality metrics, daily production assignment, gap analysis, trend, and calibration format reports. Assessed potential risks and developed strategies to minimize business impact.
Key Contributions
Performed inline audits for default servicing complaint resolution (DSCR) for executive leadership, evaluated proposed risks to bank and adherence of FDIC and OCC compliance directives, investor guidelines, corporate policies, and legal requirements to retain company reputation.
Developed training materials for 80+ quality analyst resources.
Implemented process improvements to enhance project quality scores from 83% to 96%.
Senior Operations Analyst
Liaised between offshore team groups, business units, and management, monitored Assignment Team request inbox, and provided reports for daily assignments, balancing, and portfolio updates. Leveraged a range of banking systems to assign an array of loans including, but not limited to, Conventional, FHA, HELOC, Short Sale, and Military loans. Trained and mentored team members.
Key Contributions
Proactively enhanced loan tracking process and procedures, resulting in a 50% increase in productivity and accuracy.
Successfully completed research of coding across the tower line of business to ensure loans were allocated to workable portfolios.

Previous roles include Client Relationship Specialist/Foreclosure Process at Barrette, Burke, Wilson, Castle, Daffin & Frappier LLC, and Loan Processor/Title Status/Tax Specialist/Scheduling Specialist at Lenders First Choice Title

EDUCATION
Real Estate Certification, Collin County College
Scrum Master Certified, Scrum Alliance

AWARDS
2021 Top of the Hill, Hilltop Holdings
Contact this candidate