Contact
+55-11-999-***-*** (Mobile)
adys30@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/marcio-trigo-
a010444 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
IT Strategy
Operations Management
Team Leadership
Languages
Spanish (Professional Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Portuguese (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Certified Business Professional
Master Executive Business
Management
ITIL V3
Cisco Certified Network Associate
Routing and Switching (CCNA)
Business English
Marcio Trigo
IT Executive - CTO - CIO - Information Technology Innovation - CEO São Paulo, Brazil
Summary
Experienced IT Director with a demonstrated history of working in technology field. Skilled in IT Service Management, Strategy, Data Center, Networking, Digital Transformation. Strong leadership skills. Bachelor and Master degrees, with an extensive business program studies in the USA. Member of Global Teams supporting several segments such as automotive, healthcare, industry, logistics, food, oil and gas, education, for organizations like General Motors, Volkswagen, Mercedes-Benz, Intermedica, Notredame, Sulamerica, Aptiv Technologies, British American Tobacco, Thyssenkrupp, Continental, St. Paul s School, among others.
Extensive qualifications in high performance Information Technology delivery, to support complex business organizations and requirements. Excellent communications skills.
University Teacher for Computer Science, Technology and MBA Experience
St. Paul's School, Sao Paulo
Chief Technology Officer - Director of IT
October 2019 - June 2023 (3 years 9 months)
São Paulo Area, Brazil
IT Director for Digital Learning and IT overall infrastructure. My main roles and responsibilities are: Ensure that technology related activities are communicated in a timely manner to Leadership and Board of Directors. Directs the installation of technology systems and tools for the purpose of ensuring the safe, timely and efficient installation of technology equipment and services. Maintains technology equipment and systems for the purpose of ensuring that systems are functioning properly and effectively in support of school administrative and educational operations. Manages procurement, inventory and surplus of technology equipment, systems and related services for the purpose of ensuring that all technology purchases for goods and/or services are consistent with the school’s technology objectives. Monitors technology budget and expenditures for the purpose of ensuring that Page 1 of 5
allocations are accurate and expenses are within budget. Oversees functioning of the technology operations of the school for the purpose of ensuring an effective, efficient and safe environment, where technology equipment and applications are utilized appropriately and efficiently to support routine administrative and educational functions. Supports the implementation of operational and educational technology initiatives for the purpose of assisting with delivery and implementation of initiatives, providing support and assistance to others, providing oversight of projects and/or training and providing information to others to ensure successful implementation. Capgemini
Senior IT Manager
March 2017 - August 2019 (2 years 6 months)
São Paulo Area, Brazil
Senior IT Manager responsible for the development and implementation of customized methodology frameworks to the project management strings, helping the team to understand and support the project managers, adding extremely high value to each project phase, avoiding and mitigating risks, achieving timeline targets and saving project costs. The methodology and Sharepoint Infrastructure were developed and deployed by the team I managed in Brazil, in partnership with the Global team in France, to enhance the system capabilities and support the project manager teams worldwide. Responsible for the development of new strategic methodologies to be deployed over all the delivery areas, extending the usage of the methodology by other back-office areas such as Legal, HR and Contract Management, maximising the management capabilities and bringing better results. Communication with all the main stakeholders of the company, locally and globally, including the board of directors. Management of multidisciplinary technical team supporting telecom large accounts.
T-Systems do Brasil
Global Operations Manager
July 2011 - December 2016 (5 years 6 months)
São Paulo, Brazil
IT Manager responsible to assure the move of 100+ customers to a new Datacenter, managing Project Managers, security, business continuity and DRP, avoiding and mitigating risk of loss of data and physical assets. Manage logistics to move virtually and phisically all the customers. Migration took 1.5 years to be done and was successfully concluded with zero outage for all the customers. Global IT Manager in charge of multidisciplinary technical Page 2 of 5
teams as DBAs, Network and Operational Systems Analyst, Backup and Restore, Storage and Backoffice professionals managing day by day network, cloud services, operational systems, databases, backup and storage needs. Work in partnership with teams worldwide in Latin America, EMEA and Asia. Responsible for the implementation of ITIL Best Practices for Large and Global Accounts, representing the Latin America region at the Global Support Team hosted in Germany. Point of contact for the deployment and administration of global security rules at Datacenter increasing the level of security for all the customers, allowing the company to increase the business revenue. Internal and external audit point of contact for Global Accounts, assuring the best practices and methods are in place. With my large experience managing Global Customers, I have also helped on the review of the contract deliverables for Local Customers, resulting in a report containing several actions to be taken in order to save internal costs, resulting in an increase of service quality. Support customers in several fields such as Automotive, Healthcare, Oil and Gas, Agriculture, Food and Beverages, Marketing, Logistics, etc.
AT&T Network Services do Brasil LTDA
Global Operations Manager - Operations Director
August 2006 - June 2011 (4 years 11 months)
São Paulo Area, Brazil / Campinas Area, Brazil
Global Operations Manager, playing the role of Global Incident Manager for South America, Africa and Middle East Telecom Operations, supporting the customer General Motors. Single point of contact for any Telecom Project along with the responsibility to help the customer to develop and deploy a
“ITIL based methodology” with other multiple partners such as IBM, HP, Siemens, Capgemini, Wipro, resulting in a significant reduction on the average time to restore from incidents. At the position of Global Operations Manager – Director, responsible for the whole service provided by AT&T to the customer all over the regions, managing a multidisciplinary teams with direct reports in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela, South Africa, Dubai, Egypt and Kenya. I have also managed the team to develop and deploy a Service Improvement Plan in South America Region, working with AT&T partners and local teams, customer local and central Supports to reduce the highly increased number of incidents occurring in the region constantly impacting customer operations. This process resulted in a dramatic reduction in the number of high severity incidents from almost one per week, to one high severity incident per year. This was an outstanding achievement recognized not only by AT&T, but also by the customer. At the AT&T Global Page 3 of 5
Center of Operations (NOC) in Brazil I've played the role of Global Operations Manager for the Global Accounts team who had a significant number of customer tickets unresolved. After some interventions and changes of some team members roles, processes implementation and review of roles and responsibilities, I could manage to change the situation with a significant increase of quality, reduction of time to solve an incident and reducing the customer complaints to zero. The measures and methods I managed to be implemented was recognized by one of the largest AT&T customers as an outstanding performance helping the customer to increase their business. Delphi Automotive Systems
IT/Telecom Manager
January 2000 - July 2006 (6 years 7 months)
São Paulo, Brazil
At the time of Delphi Automotive Systems was splitting business from General Motors Group, as an IT Infrastructure/Telecom Manager for Latin America, I was responsible for the project and deployment of a brand new LAN/WAN infrastructure to support 11 sites in Brazil following global standards to allow the data communication to flow in region and worldwide. I have added to the project the usage of Voice over IP communication in Brazil and with the Headquarters in Troy, MI. This allowed the company to save 75% of the long- distance voice calls costs in region and 50% of the international voice calls costs. The network design with a double redundant cloud-based networks also increased the reliability of the communications in Brazil with a strong data and voice network capabilities with a significant reduction on the amount of network outages, increasing the usage of a centralized ERP systems to support factory floor operations. Responsible for the complete LAN/Data Center infrastructure project review for a new facility in the countryside of Brazil with successful deployment and operation. Single point of contact for the development, deployment and maintaining of the SOX requirement for IT in the region making the company to be 100% compliant and contributing to maximize the compliance with the global standards. Development of a Strategic Plan to support the growth of business for all the product production lines from IT perspective with a view of 5 and 10 years ahead, alongside with all the Plant Managers and the new business development teams. J.P. Morgan
Senior IT Analyst
March 1998 - December 1999 (1 year 10 months)
São Paulo
Page 4 of 5
Senior IT Analyst supporting Back Office and Trading Desk Operations, Datacenter and User Applications.
HP
Support Analyst
February 1991 - February 1998 (7 years 1 month)
São Caetano do Sul - São Paulo - Brazil
Field Services support analyst supporting General Motors in Brazil. Project Management and Field Services HW and SW support, install and updates. Education
Ohio University
Business Management, Business Administration and Management, General · (2016 - 2017)
Fundação Getúlio Vargas
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Management Information Systems, General · (2002 - 2003)
USCS - Universidade Municipal de São Caetano do Sul Bachelor's degree, Computer Science · (1993 - 1997) Page 5 of 5
Contact this candidate