ARNOLD PAGAN, PMP
**** ******** ** *********** ** 96722
732-***-**** mobile adyts7@r.postjobfree.com
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY/ Pharmaceutical
Project Manager • Technology Manager • R&D Scientist

Accomplished Information Technology professional with demonstrated knowledge in and practice in process engineering, managing large scale global initiatives to successful implementation. Expertise in developing cross-functional teams with responsibility for managing budgets in excess of $1.0MM and over. Expertise in global ERP implementations, OS deployments, and six-sigma improvement in the pharmaceutical industry.
Serve as process leader in the design, development and delivery of value-add project management.
Manage large ERP JD Edwards One World Implementation projects, while overseeing support activities, resulting in successful deployments of supply chain and financial modules.
Achieve operational improvements in the areas of Incident, Problem and Change management by applying ITIL framework, resulting in process harmonization and efficiencies.
Significantly increased the organization’s ability to solve problems and minimize service disruptions by deploying BMC Remedy, global solution, for Information Technology Service Management (ITSM). This $8.3 million dollar program standardized and centralized Incident, Problem, Change and Configuration Management
Combine hands-on IT experience with unique multidisciplinary role in support of the Medical Device & Diagnostic business unit within Johnson & Johnson.
Core competencies include:
Establishing Strong Partnerships
ERP Operations
Global Program Management
Managing Virtual Teams
Certified PMP
Supply Chain
Vendor Management
Certified ITIL Methodologies
Quality & Compliance

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Merck Research Laboratories, Information Technology Rahway, New Jersey • March 2018 – November 2022
Project Manager Robotic Process Automation (RPA), -MRL Project Management
Strategically plan and support the scaling of RPA capabilities across the organization in conjunction with key stakeholders.
Design, test and modify computer programs related to computer operating systems.
Identify, prioritize, and scope RPA opportunities with stakeholders across the organization's enterprise and oversee project delivery across the Agile life cycle including providing guidance to delivery teams and resolving project issues as escalated
Establish standards, methodologies and shared capability development with the goal of ensuring consistent excellence in delivery
Manage successful RPA implementations across the RPA life cycle from design to deployment
Manages relationships, expectations and outcomes of RPA vendors and other third-party vendors.
Collaborates with information technology security to ensure the highest product security.
Project Manager for RISE Program- Global Regulatory Affairs
PM for Global Implementation of RISE initiative. The RISE program deployment is a Regulatory Content Management solution which was customized for Merck by our primary vendor Freyr (Global Regulatory Solutions & Services).

Bristol Myers Squibb, Enterprise Services
Plainsboro, New Jersey 2014 - 2018
Senior Project Manager- R&D Clinical Trials Management

Project Manager Fostering Rewarding Careers project (2016) a transformational strategic enabler for the Enterprise HR group. Responsible for the design, planning and implementation of a new way of thinking about careers at BMS.
Led the BMS Clinical Trial Payments project (2015) which enhanced the Funds and Payments capabilities delivered to our R&D clients.
oGreater efficiency through automation of SAP-Approved payments based on ECLIPSE data.
oMigration of ECLIPSE payments to the enterprise standard Source-to-Pay (S2P) process
oElimination of manual payments calculations

BMS Project Manager for Simplification and Stratification Program (2015) This 22 member team revised the month-end close process to more closely align with business strategies, while providing increased support to business partners across Commercialization, GMS, R&D and other enabling functions, letting them focus on higher value-added work.
The impact of the team’s work includes:
oLeveraging our single instance of SAP in further automating manual activities
oSimplifying and updating more than 35 Finance standard operating procedures and work instructions, reducing work to be done and eliminating manual efforts
oSimplifying journal work by eliminating grade level, exception codes, and emergency approval processes
oReducing the time to support the month-end close process by 38 full time employees
oReducing the number of manual journal entries in the three market regions by as much as 21%.
Merck Research Laboratories, Information Technology Rahway, New Jersey • 2011- August 2013
Project Manager, -MRL Project Management
Responsible for building and leading teams, managing client expectations, driving alignment with the sponsors and stakeholders, developing product concepts with defined business benefits and success measures, managing cross-functional teams from design to launch of the final product and seeing them through to the benefits realization.
Currently assignment is as project manager for the SAP implementation to MRL Finance. This initiative replaces Legacy Merck and Legacy Schering Plough project account processes with SAP based processes. This program enables a transformational enterprise program (COMET) for integration into Merck Research Labs. Key configuration of the following SAP modules for MRL included- Investment Management, Project Systems, Supplier Relationship Management and Controlling need to be completed in order to meet planned deployment schedule for 2012.

Johnson & Johnson, Information Technology Services
Raritan, New Jersey • 1998 - 2011
Global IT shared-service organization within Johnson & Johnson, specializing in the support and delivery of IT infrastructure/application services to 210+ Johnson & Johnson operating companies, across three sectors: consumer, pharmaceuticals and medical devices & diagnostics.

Technology Manager, - Global Project Management • 2001 - 2011
Serve as process leader in the design, development and delivery of value-add project management services to the Information Technology Services (ITS) user community. Provide coaching and mentoring for high- risk projects. Improve and transform the efficiency and effectiveness of Information Technology Services by leading continual service improvement projects, resulting in an efficient and effective world-class IT organization.
Selected Achievements:
Deployment Project Manager for the implementation of a JDE One World for the Medical Device and Diagnostic sector of Johnson & Johnson. This initiative realized a net capital savings of $6.9M and an ongoing annual expense savings of $2.6M. This shared environment was the largest co-located globally leveraged infrastructure in Johnson & Johnson’s history. Received Standards of Leadership Award for the successful implementation.
Reduced deployment cycle time by 35% through improved scheduling and project tracking.

Project Manager, Project Management Support • 1998 - 2000
Led multiple client projects in support of North America e-Business deployments and operational activities .Provided project management leadership and technology direction to clients on multiple enterprise deployments across sectors. Produced scorecard to clients to communicate service levels and enhance service improvement plans for underperforming areas within the enterprise. Managed changes to environment, while minimizing risk.

Selected Achievements:
Deployed the North America infrastructure in support of Web Methods middleware solution for J&J ahead of planned implementation date and 20% under budget by leveraging shared enterprise production environment.
Eliminated $600K in potential cost by negotiating enterprise contracts with vendors and consolidating purchases/support contracts by consolidating local portfolio with enterprise program to optimize planned cost.

Hoffmann-La Roche Pharmaceuticals Nutley, NJ (Senior Scientist), Pharmaceutical R&D • 1991 – 1998
Managed and scheduled workflow ensuring that investigational supplies for worldwide clinical trials were provided within required timelines to support both drug discovery and development. Responsible for the implementation and coordinated validation of all equipment, processes and facilities for Clinical Manufacturing within GMP compliance requirements as required by the R&D. Performed as systems administrator for Investigational Supplies System (ISS) Oracle Relational Database within Clinical Manufacturing.

Selected Achievements:
Developed Preventative Management system for all departmental processing equipment to increase available uptime and decrease defect rate by 12%. $200K, per year in projected cost avoidance.
Improved organization's ability to deliver investigational drugs by implementing expanded in-process control checks, which decreased quarantine status by 15 percent.

Schering Plough Corporation, Kenilworth, NJ (Assistant Scientist) Pharmaceutical R&D •1987-1991
Prepared and evaluated investigational and clinical formulations and tested their stability performance, functioned as primary scientist responsible for the maintenance of the Animal Health Formulations Research lab for Pharmaceutical R&D. Performed calibration and troubleshooting of all laboratory instrumentation.

Selected Achievements:
Reduced emergency changes to Master Batch Records from 28% to 10% by successfully leading a Process Improvement Project to develop an assessment process and change governance board. $100K, per year in projected cost avoidance.
Increased the departments’ ability to evaluate formulation stability profiles by standardizing clinical notebook peer review process, this improved communication and cycle times between departmental scientists.
EDUCATION
Master of Management Information Systems (MS) • 1998 – New Jersey Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Medical Technology (BS) • 1987 – Rutgers University

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ITIL Foundations Certification • 2006 – Johnson & Johnson
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification (1999) – Project Management Institute
Medical Technology Certification (MT) 1986 – Barnert Memorial Hospital, School of Medical Technology

Awards and Recognition
2005 Ovation Award for operational excellence in managing the North America Implementation of Network Systems Monitoring (HP Open View Suite of Tools.) The HP-Open View solution was adopted to manage applications, device availability, network conditions/status, system performance, service/program maintenance and storage resources.
J&J Crown of Excellence Award for the deployment of the Windows 2000 RTM Rollout
J&J Standards of Leadership Award for Innovation, Customer/Marketplace Focus, for development of Global Windows 2000 Infrastructure plan.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Fluent in English and Spanish. US Citizen.732-***-**** mobile adyts7@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate