CURRICULUM-VITAE
Mukesh adywg4@r.postjobfree.com
Career Objective: - To associate with an organization that may gives me excellent opportunities to work with cutting edge technologies and offer responsibilities and challenges and to commit myself to the development and growth of any organization or project that I am going to be a part of and simultaneously enhance my knowledge pool and improve my skill set. ROYALCASTLE RESORT Apr'22 to Mar’23
Assistant Manager Restaurant Patiala, Punjab
Roles and Responsibilities:
Setting, engaging and executing the area/region vision.
Analyzing trends and pushing myself and my Team to produce multiple solutions to drive step change performance. Thorough commercial and strategic planning as well as execution.
In-depth management and operational expertise.
People focused at all levels- rapport and relationship building as well as more formal Team and individual development.
Influencing skills at all levels of the organization.
Ability to work remotely yet establish and maintain lasting relationship throughout the operations team as well as at our Central RESTAURANT SUPPORT CENTRE.
Driving the results of each of the Restaurants within my Area.
Manages with integrity, Honesty and Knowledge that promote the Culture, the Values and mission of Organization. Plans, Identifies, communicate and delegates appropriate responsibilities and practices to Restaurant partners to ensure smooth flow of operations.
Provides Coaching and direction to the Restaurant team to take action and to achieve operational goals.
Constantly reviews Restaurant environment and key business indicators to identify problems, concerns, and opportunities for improvement to provide coaching and direction to the Restaurant teams to achieve operational goals.
Monitors and manages Restaurant Staffing levels to ensure partner development and talent acquisition to achieve and maintain Restaurant operational requirements.
Solicits customer feedback to understand customer needs and the needs of the local community.
Uses all operational tools to plan for and achieve operational excellence in the Restaurant. Tools include Automated Labour Scheduling, Monthly Status Report, Quarterly Business Review, cash Management and Inventory Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE
MARUTI SUZUKI DEALER - PATHANKOT VEHICLEADES PVT. LTD 29’Dec’15 to Mar’22 Senior Relationship Manager/Team Leader Pathankot, Punjab Roles and Responsibilities:
Setting, engaging and executing the area/region vision.
Responsible for New Car Sales Target Completion of All Sales Team and also coordinate with True Value team to Increase Sales of New Cars as well as True Value Sales / Exchange.
Analyzing trends and pushing myself and my Team to produce multiple solutions to drive step change performance. Thorough commercial and strategic planning as well as execution.
In-depth management and operational expertise. People focused at all levels- rapport and relationship building as well as more formal Team and individual development.
Influencing skills at all levels of the organization.
Ability to work remotely yet establish and maintain lasting relationship throughout the Sales Team as well as with our operation teams.
Driving the results of each of the Team Member within my Area.
Manages with integrity, Honesty and Knowledge that promote the Culture, the Values and mission of Organization. Plans, Identifies, communicate and delegates appropriate responsibilities and practices to Sales Team to ensure smooth flow of operations.
Provides Coaching and direction to the Sales team to take action and to achieve Sales goals.
Constantly reviews Team Performance and key business indicators to identify problems, concerns, and opportunities for improvement to provide coaching and direction to the Sales team to achieve Sales goals.
Solicits customer feedback to understand customer needs and the needs of the local community.
Actively manages Sales Teams by regularly conducting performance assessments, providing feedback and setting challenging goals to improve Sales Team performance.
Uses all operational tools to plan for and achieve operational excellence. Tools include Digital Maruti Apps, Daily/Monthly Status Report, Quarterly Business Review and Team Management. SELF EMPLOYEED Sep’14 to Dec’15
Pathankot, Punjab
Roles and Responsibilities:
Planned, organized and executed product Sales & Services of Desktop, Laptops, Printers and CCTV etc. for Home & Commercial Users.
Increasing numbers of Customers, distributors and retailers.
Observed, recorded and reported competitor activities executed in the territory and identify appropriate strategy.
MARUTI SUZUKI DEALER - PATHANKOT VEHICLEADES PVT. LTD May’12 to Jul’14 EDP Manager Pathankot, Punjab
Roles and Responsibilities:
Dealing with customers for Sales of Fastag, Autocard and also responsible for services/queries related to them.
Responsible for procurement of all the IT related Equipments like Laptop, Desktop, Printer, Fastag, SMS/Whatsapp packs, Fastag etc.
Any work/problem related to Computers (hardware / Software / Networking) will be taken up by the EDP Manager.
Ensure that all the details of company and their officials are updated in Google like company name, address, google location, contact person etc.
Responsible for all the IT related work for whole Group. Under my command I have approx. 225 computer system with printers, 300 IPADs and TABs.
As an EDP Manager I’m responsible for smooth functionality of all the systems, IPADs, TABs and applications of Maruti Suzuki India Limited. Ensure that all systems are working properly. Proper records of Computer systems to be maintain. Also ensure that all systems having updated Antivirus.
All the System related Trainings required to be given to Newly Joined employees of back-office like Sales, Service, Bodyshop, True Value, Insurance, Commercial and ensure that all Back Office Executives are well trained about their work.
Interview & recruitment of New Joinee’s of back office department is being done by me.
Ensure that all data feeding is correctly entered in the DMS. Proper records of DMS ids to be maintain.
Ensure that proper reports are generated from the system and send to Management on daily basis.
Ensure that all reports are submitted (to Maruti/Internal/External teams) on time.
Ensure that all ISL and RMK claims sent to Maruti on time.
Ensure that any problem relating to DMS will be resolved quickly or contact with DMS Support Desk (if required).
Ensure that requirement of any Item will be procure and send to respective department on time.
Ensure that all mandatory reports are required to be produced on time and when demanded by higher authorities.
Ensure that all systems are properly connected to LAN. Also ensure that Router / Modem for DMS / Internet are working properly and placement is in good condition.
Ensure that all E-mails are properly sent to respective Departments on time.
Any other task given by higher authorities.
MARUTI SUZUKI DEALER - PATHANKOT VEHICLEADES PVT. LTD Apr’10 to Apr’12 EDP Executive Pathankot, Punjab
Dealing with all Sales for Customer ISL and RMK claims Document for further submission to Maruti Suzuki India Limited.
Any work/problem related to Computers (hardware / Software / Networking) given by the EDP Manager.
Maintenance of Company Official Mail ID and ensure that all the official mails forwarded to concern Senior Management.
Responsible for all the IT related work for whole Group Like computer system repair and maintenance as ordered by EDP Manager
All the System related Trainings required to be given to Newly Joined employees of back-office like Sales, Service, Bodyshop, True Value, Insurance, Commercial and ensure that all Back Office Executives are well trained about their work.
System test of New Joinee’s of back office department is being done by me as ordered by EDP Manager.
Ensure that all data feeding is correctly entered in the DMS.
Ensure that proper reports are generated from the system and send to Management on daily basis.
Ensure that all reports are submitted to EDP Manager for further submission to Maruti/Internal/External teams on time.
Ensure that any problem relating to DMS will be resolved quickly or contact with DMS Support Desk (if required).
Ensure that requirement of any Item will be procure and send to respective department on time under command of EDP Manager.
Ensure that all mandatory reports are required to be produced on time and when demanded by EDP Manager
/Higher authorities.
Ensure that all systems are properly connected to LAN. Also ensure that Router / Modem for DMS / Internet are working properly and placement is in good condition.
Any other task given by EDP Manager / Higher authorities. WALIA CONSTRUCTION CO Sep’05 to Apr’10
Data Entry Operator & System Administrator Pathankot, Punjab
Maintenance of Company Road Contract Completion documents in excel /word for further submission to Government departments like Central Public Works Department, Public Works Department, Punjab Mandi Board and Military Engineers Services etc.
Ensure that all data feeding is correctly entered in Tally and reconciliation.
Maintenance of Staff Monthly Salary / Advances in Tally as well as in Excel for further distribution.
Maintenance of Company Official Mail ID and ensure that all the official mails forwarded to concern Senior Management.
Preparation of All the required documents for further submission for Tendering.
All the System related Trainings required to be given to Newly Joined employees of back-office and ensure that all Back Office Executives are well trained about their work.
System test of New Joinee’s of back office department is being done by me as ordered by Management.
Ensure that requirement of any Item will be procure and send to respective department on time.
Any work/problem related to Computers (hardware / Software / Networking) will be taken up by me.
Ensure that all systems are properly connected to LAN. Also ensure that Router / Modem for Tally / Internet are working properly and placement is in good condition. EXAMINATION BOARD/UNIVERSITY INSTITUTION YEAR OF PASSING METRIC Punjab School Education Board Arya Boys Senior Secondary School
2003
10+2 Punjab School Education
Board
Government Senior
Secondary School
2005
B.A IASE University Institute of Advanced
Studies in Education
Deemed University
2010
Extensive experience in servicing customers, both in-person and by telephone.
Superior communications skills in dealing with customers, co-workers, and employees.
Both verbal and written skills are strong.
Well-organized and highly efficient working in a multi-tasking dynamic environment. PROFESSIOL AND ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Driving
Internet Surfing
Listening Music
Date of Birth : 29th Jul. 1988
Father’s Name : Sh. Des Raj Saini
Marital Status : Unmarried
Mailing Address : SAINI MOHALLA, BAJRI COMPANY
PATHANKOT, PUNJAB (145001)
Phone No. : +91-998*******
PERSONAL DETAILS
INTEREST
Contact this candidate