K. Lauren Almendarez

Houston, TX ***** C: 832-***-**** adz2dn@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

Supervision for all the accounting departments, prepared reports for company leads, and develop standards and processes for proper financial management

Skills

Depreciation
Forecasting
Grant Accounting

Budget Projections
Financial Auditing

Work History

Department Of Labor
(Contractor) October 2015 to March 2020

Lead, for the annual Financial and Single Audit, month-end, year-end and quarterly reporting requirements include documents, federally required forms, state and federal tax reports and grant reporting.
Assisted in the management and preparation of the completion annual budget including of all Grant Accountability and Transparency Act (GATA) documents
Spearheaded for grant financial activity, performs appropriate reviews of Federal filings and required reporting
Conceptualized Defenses Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) that provided audit and financial advisory services to DoD and other federal entities responsible for acquisition and contract administration
Preparation of financial and regulatory information in accordance with SEC and regulatory requirements (i.e. – 10K’s, 10Q’s, S-1 and S-4 filings, audit coordination
Competent in International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)

City Colleges Of Chicago
Accounting Manager Chicago, IL April 2014 - August 2015

Managed journal entries, collection efforts, reconciliations and payroll processing.
Formulated internal and regulatory financial reports, balance sheets and income statements.
Established historical records, current operational data and forecasting information to identify and capitalize on system enhancement opportunities.
Initiated high-volume accounting operations with 4 person team focused on efficient budget administration
Desighed 1099 report non-employment income to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).

Chevron
Senior Accountant Houston, TX October 2012 to February 2014

Delegated all calculated tax owed, prepared and submitted returns and upheld compliance with all applicable laws
Analyzed financial audit information and made recommendations to improve efficiencies.
Increased the budgets, capital appropriations and operating budgets, and communicated findings to senior management.
Drafted variance reports, regulatory filings and related schedules.

EDUCATION
MASTERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY/MASTERS IN ACCOUNTING
MIS/Accounting
University of Houston
Expected in January 2025
BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
Accounting And Business Administration
Robert Morris University - Chicago, Illinois
Chicago, IL June 2011

Microsoft Dynamics, SAP, Oracle, Great Plains, Lawson, Cost Point, Monarch, People Soft and JD Edwards and Sage

www.linkedin.com/in/kl-almendarez-148b831a 0
Contact this candidate