Ahmed Abdelrahman Donia
Address : Nasr city, Cairo, Egypt.
Mobile : +201**-*******
E-Mail : adz3bb@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Experience
Long IT Management experience in different Sectores specially oil and gas

Education
Diploma in “Electronics & Automatic Control “ 1985 - 1987
Grade : good
Diploma in P.C Repair from “International Correspondence Institute, Pennsylvania University in U.S.A “ 1993 - 1995
Bachelor of Computer Based Management IS 2003 - 2007
Ain Shams University, Faculty of commerce, Cairo, Egypt. Grade: V Good

Courses
oPMP Project management professional preparation course December 2019. Online course
oManaging Citrix XenDesktop 7 Solutions course, November 2014 at Global Knowledge Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
oVMware VSphere install configure and administration V. 5.1 Course, January 2013 VMware Dubai, UAE.
oPenetration testing course from EC-Council, November 2011 at Kuala Lampur, Malaysia
oSymantec Backup Exec administration course, from Symantec office at Dubai, June 2011.
oCEH Certified Ethical Hacking course at Raya Academy May 2010
oCertified ITIL Foundation Examination Version 3 from Edinburgh UK September 2009
oInterconnecting Cisco Networking Devices (ICND1), Silicon21/CCIE/FASTLANE, April 2008 (CCNA)
oInterconnecting Cisco Networking Devices (ICND2), Silicon21/CCIE/FASTLANE, April 2008
oAdministering Microsoft Exchange 2007, 2010, 2013, OFFICE 365 courses.
oWindows 2000 Microsoft certified system Engineer (MCSE)
oHands on experience MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 2008, 2012, 2016.
oWindows 2000 Microsoft certified system administrator (MCSA)
oWindows 2000 server Microsoft certified professional (MCP).
oADMINISTRING SQL SERVER 2000, 2005, 2008, 2012 DATABASE.
oRed Hat Enterprise Linux System Administration course. 2007
oOracle certified Master database Administrator (OCP).
oCertified specialist in Acer Computers.
oHUBBELL cabling certified network installer .
oHP peripherals maintenance specialist.
oInspection & Soldering techniques from “Arab British Dynamics Co.”.
oAdvanced Electronic Course from “Arab British Dynamics Co.”.

Professional Experience
Construction & Project Management Consultancy (CPM) Dec 2020 - Till now
Job Title IT Manager Nasr City, Egypt
I joined CPM (Construction &Project Management consultancy) as an IT Manager. CPM was founded as a strategic project to comply with the sustainable development strategy (SDS), Egypt vision 2030, new administrative capital, the Suez Canal Corridor Development project, and El Alamein city construction and development.
Job summary: my role is to manage the IT staff to achieve all information technology and communication systems tasks in the company, and manage all IT services for about 150 user and prepare the IT strategic plan and budget.
Responsibilities & Achievement
was include but not limited to:
Proposes the general policy for the company in relation to IT and ensures its implementation after being approved by management.
Establishing and supervises the strategic work plan for the IT sector in the company and set the estimate budget for Hardware and Software.

Al-Nafitha International Co. September 2016 - March 2020
Job Title PMO Manager Saudi Arabia
I joined Al-Nafitha International Co. (large IT services company, HQ based in Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with branches in Jeddah, Dammam, and Cairo ) as PMO Manager (IT Project managements office manager)
Job summary: Follow Up all active IT projects (in three domains Microsoft services, ITSM, and security) with a group of highly qualified Project managers to ensure projects are delivered in high quality and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.
Reason for leave: cost reduction due to covid-19 pandemic.

Merlon Petroleum Co. July 2004 - August, 2016
Job Title IT Manager Cairo, Egypt
I joined Merlon Petroleum Co. (E& P petroleum company HQ based in Huston, USA and branches in EGYPT, Algeria, and Italy) as IT Supervisor, then I promoted as IT section head in 2008, when the company acquired by Melrose Resources co. ( E&P petroleum company HQ based in Edinburgh, UK) then promoted as IT Manager in 2010 when the company merged with Petroceltic Petroleum co. (E&P petroleum company HQ based in Ireland).
Job summary: my role was leading the IT staff to achieve all information technology and communication systems tasks in the company, and Manage all IT services using international known standards and best practice in IT management systems like (CoBIT and ITIL)
Responsibilities & Achievement
was include but not limited to:
Proposes the general policy for the company in relation to IT and ensures its implementation after being approved by management.
Establishing and supervises the strategic work plan for the IT sector in the company and set the estimate budget for Hardware and Software.
Manage all new IT projects and Supervises the setting up of the work Schedule and maintain coordination among it in the implementation process. Following is a sample of main projects and achievement that reduce the cost of ownership and save money to the company:
1)Implement VLANs and port security to control the company network access.
2)Install next generation firewall and multi thread management MTM to control Internet bandwidth.
3)Digital transformation Phase I, Migrate servers from physical to virtual for better utilization and minimal running cost.
Digital transformation Phase II Migrate e-mail to cloud office 365.
Implement and configure CCTV and DVR system in all branches.
Internal Auditing and reviews work progress of the IT systems according ITIL and CoBit IT governance best practices.
Setup a developing plan for the information systems to ensure the continuity of business and risk assessment.
Follow up the license renewal and SLA for different software package and services.
Select the appropriate computer Hardware& Software and prepare the tender Statement of work and conditions for it.
Set the security policy to ensure data security and safety.
Manage ERP system (IDEAS system)
Reason for leave: End of contract

PetroSoft-Egypt Co. March 1996 - June 2004
Job Title Technical Manager Cairo, Egypt
I joined PetroSoft-Egypt Co. (a small to medium IT services company based in Cairo, Egypt) as a Technical support Engineer, then I promoted as Technical manager from 1999 to 2004.
Job summary: Manage a group of technical engineers (5-9 Engineers) to Deliver IT services, maintenance contracts, and LAN, WAN implementation projects to our customers in almost all business sectors. (Education, Government, banking, oil & gas, private and public sectors.
Responsibilities & Achievements
I learned how to maintain Service level agreements and gain the customer
satisfaction.
Reason for leave: For better prospective

Skill

Language Skills:
Arabic: Mother Tongue
English: Very good command both written and spoken.
Personality Skills
Excellent communication skills
Excellent leadership and management skills
Team player
Work hard under pressure

Personal Information

Age : 54
Place of Birth : Cairo, Egypt
Marital Status : Married
Military Status : Completed

REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate