Professional Summary
Graduate of Information Technology Certification from University of Phoenix
Tech savvy with proficiency in Office 365, Windows 10, network troubleshooting, analysis, software, and communications protocol development.
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate with all business users.
Responds to crisis or urgent situations within the network to mitigate immediate and potential cyber threats.

Skills
Fluent in French.
Advance knowledge of Microsoft Windows Office Applications (Access, Word, Excel Outlook, PowerPoint)
Excellent active listening and problem-solving skills.

Professional Experience
Freedom Medical Transportation
Field Operations Manager Current Chicago, Illinois
Assisting with completion of daily scheduled trips for drivers.
Provide on-field supervision for all drivers.
Recruiting candidates to become new drivers.
Oversee onboarding and termination for all drivers.
Responsible for maintenance and up-keep of all company vehicles.
Knowledgeable of Route Genie Dispatch System to track all drivers and vehicles.
Provide supplies for all staff and drivers for scheduled trips.

Diebold Nixdorf
First Line Technician Jan 2022-November 2022 Chicago, Illinois
Performing technical fixes such as clearing paper jams, card jams, bill jams.
Complete equipment cleanings as specified by Diebold contracts.
Performing some minor maintenance on ATMs (e.g., replacing light bulbs, card reader belts, air filters).
Prioritizing and planning service calls.
Escalating problems and reassigning calls when appropriate.

Trek World USA
Network Operations Manager February 2020-August 2020 Chicago, Illinois
Worked with clients and customers, and other agencies to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations.
Identified problems, determined the accuracy and relevance of information, used sound judgment to generate solutions and to make recommendations.
Developed and implemented viable information technology system to secure companies’ website.
Served as an IT security representative in the Healthcare Logistics industry to established advanced technologies with a focus on information systems, networks, and devices.
Paid attention to detail while performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Used strategic planning to ensure their team members stay on schedule with onboarding new Non-Emergency Medical Transportation companies.
Responsible for installing and maintaining company's computer networks, and also to trained staff to provide first rate technical support.

Enterprise Rent-A-Car Chicago, Illinois
Assistant Manager July 2014-April 2020
·Interim Branch Manager for several months.
·Reconciled customer service matters to assure customer satisfaction.
·Utilized outstanding attention to detail to accurately performed data collection and statistical analysis resulting in improvement of quality service score index.
·Achieved top customer service producer for the last two years.
·Maintained & communicated on-going business relationships with local business partners daily.
·Managed cost control to increase revenue on a monthly basis.
·Updated & troubleshoot electronic network devices to complete rental transactions.
·Knowledge of computer operating systems, hardware, and software

Client Service Representative November 2010-July 2014
·Conducted arbitration between clients and internal departments throughout the company.
·Utilized database systems such as MAP, CSD, & Lotus.
·Produced, reconciled, and audited documents for clients.

Management Trainee April 2008- November 2010
·Improved sales opportunities & increased operation efficiency.
·Strengthened communication, influenced interaction with all customers & business users.
·Resolved customer complaints and issues immediately using strong interpersonal skills.

EDUCATION
Loyola University of Chicago Chicago, Illinois
Bachelor of Arts - International Business and Marketing, June 2006

University of Phoenix
Information Technology – Cyber Securities and Network Defense, October 2020 Chicago, Illinois
Magna Cum Laude Graduate
Organizations
·Member of National Society of Leadership & Success
Contact this candidate