John Gianni, MBA
215-***-**** adz9aj@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/john-gianni

Director of IT Solutions I Senior Project Manager

Experienced IT Project and Program Manager with a proven track record of successfully managing complex technology projects. Skilled in identifying and aligning stakeholders, establishing project milestones, and holding team members accountable. Consistently delivers projects on time and under budget while managing budgets effectively. Adept at leading high-performing teams and developing direct reports for continued growth and success. Certified in ITIL foundation level v3.

Expertise
IT Project & Program Management I Solve Complex Technology Issues I Identifying & Aligning Stakeholders I Establishing Project Milestones I Holding Team Members Accountable I Completing Projects on Time & Under Budget I Budget Management I Managing High-Performing Teams I Developing Direct Reports

Experience

IQVIA, United States 5 years 5 months
Associate Director April 2018 - Present
Directed the strategy for effective communication and implementation of IT strategy to the business and vice versa. Partners with management to translate business strategies into proactive IT plans.
Led high-level relationship management and acts as client liaison during delivery of an outsourced solution, whether it is an IT or business process outsourced solution.
Strategically focused and responsible for client satisfaction, maintaining client communication, and the overall management of the client relationship. Works to grow the client relationship by identifying new business opportunities. Works with delivery team to execute contract terms and conditions and to ensure on-time delivery of projects that support the client's business.
Networked with key contacts outside my own area of expertise. Determines methods and procedures for new assignments and coordinates the activities of other personnel.

IT Project Manager—IQVIA, Collegeville, Pennsylvania May 2015 - November 2017
Served as Project Manager for North, Central South America Real Estate relocations companywide for CIO-IT
Managed IT projects according to the standards set by the PMO Governance team, adjusting to the dynamic changes for processes.
Followed the PMO lifecycle for all projects: Conduct Project Kick-Off, Project Planning, and Design, Project Execution, conduct project closure meetings, transitioning from a Project to Business as Usual, Conduct After Action Reviews if needed.
Provided cross training to fellow team members, The single point of contact for IT for the completion of office relocations in the NCSA region, Single point of contact for all IT Budgets and scheduling for projects assigned.
Deployed to 15,000 global end users, coordinated necessary changes to internal servers for a hybrid migration in EMEA, Asia-Pac and NCSA regions.
Project Manager for Multiple Acquisition Integrations

IMS Health, Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania May 2014 - May 2015
System Analyst
Provided complex local and remote technical support & troubleshooting of all PC and web-based products and services to the IMS end user’s community.
Analyzed software and Hardware error codes and corrected the issue.
Supported for both a physical and virtual Desktop environment on a second/third level tier in a global enterprise.
Scheduled upgrades with clients to minimize productivity disruption Troubleshoot end user laptop / desktop issues related to hardware / software I network.
Setup / maintenance of user accounts, hardening of PC / laptop environments/ troubleshoot wired and wireless connectivity issues/ virus and spyware removal / manage in -house test lab.
Maintained HP Blade PC's and VDI's.
Rebuilt laptops/desktops to support business initiatives.
Took lead in development of a global software catalog used in over 100 countries.

Operations System Coordinator 2 May 2012 - May 2014
Provided complex local and remote technical support & troubleshooting of all PC and web-based products and services to the IMS end user’s community.
Analyzed software and Hardware error codes and corrected the issue.
Supported for both a physical and virtual Desktop environment on a second/third level tier in a global enterprise.
Scheduled upgrades with clients to minimize productivity disruption Troubleshoot end user laptop / desktop issues related to hardware/ software I network.
Managed setup / maintenance of user accounts, hardening of PC / laptop environments/ troubleshoot wired and wireless connectivity issues/ virus and spyware removal / manage in -house test lab.
Maintained HP Blade PC's and VDi's
Rebuilt laptops/desktops to support business initiatives.
Took lead in development of a global software catalog used in over 100 countries.
SAS admin for USA data by keeping accurate records of who and what machines have Access to the USA SAS Set-init. When the set-init is up for yearly renewal I work with corporate procurement to true up inventory and send the new set-init to all USA SAS machines
Trained technicians on the SOP for the installation of SAS.

Matrix Building Group Inc January 1999 - January 2007
President
Led projects for the Custom Residential Construction organization. Met with the clients and find out what they wanted in their new home. Gained their trust early on for this project because most likely this will be the most expensive undertaking they have ever personally taken. Worked with clients to truly understand their needs, wants, and budget.
Introduced clients to the design team who work with them on the floor plans. Once the floor plans were complete, introduced them to kitchen and bath designers to spec out the features and specifications in these areas of the home. This same process continued throughout the design process. Resolved client issues that arose.
Once all the specifications were completed, walked the client through the appropriate funding protocols.
During the building process, leveraged a large pool of subcontractors to make sure we came in on budget, time, and meet our quality expectations.

Gigliotti Group Inc September 1992 - December 1998
Project Manager
Managed construction projects of multifamily, semi-custom single family and custom single-family homes in the Bucks County PA area.
Managed material takeoffs, sub-contractor selections, writing standard features, sign off on sub-contractor invoices, construction schedules, supervision of sub-contractors and hourly employees, pre-construction and intermediate customer meetings, permit process, township inspections, bank inspections, meeting with architects to review and signoff on plans and construction docs, budgets, material specifications (windows, doors, roofing, siding, flooring, lumber, plumbing, electrical, HVAC.) final walkthrough and punch list with customer, Coordination of warranty with sub-contractors, warranty personnel and owners.

Gianni and Helder Construction May 1985 - December 1992
Co. Partner
Served as a partner in the Framing Carpentry Co. Managed the process of hiring carpenters, payroll, job estimates, billing invoices, supervising carpenters, meeting with accountant for taxes.
Managed the processes of framing custom homes for Gianni Development, Holland Enterprises, Quaker group, and other area Bucks County Developers.
Employed up to 40 carpenters at a time, the crew foreman would report to me directly.

Education

Master of Business Administration (MBA), Strategic Leadership and Management, Gwynedd Mercy University

Bachelor of Science, Computer Science, minor in Computer Forensics, Gwynedd Mercy University

Associate degree, Information Science, Bucks County Community College

Carpentry, Carpentry, Delaware Valley School of Trades
Contact this candidate