Connor J. Kuehl
*** ********* ******, ******* ** 50105
515-***-**** adz9nm@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Qualifications Overview
Over 10 years’ experience in Information Technology including five years as an IT People and Project Manager. Strong skills in organization, project management, people management, communication, and leadership skills. I have led military IT staff sections as an NCO and Commissioned Officer (S6 & G6) and currently lead the Iowa State University ITS Network Infrastructure department (logical and physical). I was foundational in the development of ISU’s IT project management practice. Vast experience in IT lifecycle management, networking, security, and physical infrastructure. I hold or have recently held a US GOVT TOP SECRET security clearance, an ISC2 CISSP certification, and a CompTIA Security+ certification. I am qualified and have worked as an Information Assurance Manager
(IAM-II) in accordance with Department of Defense Directive (DoDD) 8570. PMP eligible. June 2018 - present Manager Network & Physical Infrastructure Iowa State University
• 2022 Promoted to manage network architecture, engineering, and systems automation teams. Developed and managed additional budget of $7 million annually.
• 2020-21 Led initiative to implement Project & Portfolio Management (PPM) solution for IT division. Sponsored and managed projects including $1.4m refresh of dormitory wireless, $0.62m management network refresh, $1.5m core routing refresh, $1.25m data center network refresh, and $0.95m fiber plant expansion to serve 14 new farm sites. Restructured inventory space & processes, identified $1.2m in critical inventory. Led asset management practices and updated division insurance policies.
• 2019 Promoted to manage all physical IT infrastructure across ISU. Grew Cable Plant scope of responsibility to include leading role in design, construction, and lifecycle project management for capital and small projects. Grew staff & workload by 6 FTE while saving ISU money. Developed and managed additional budget of
$0.45m annually. Sponsored several data center projects and managed many projects including $1.53m rewire of 14 buildings (delivered $0.95m under consultant projected budget and 24 months under schedule) and $6m access switch lifecycle.
• 2018 Promoted to Data Center Manager and assumed operational control and responsibility for the direction of primary enterprise data center spaces. Developed and managed budget of $0.22m annually while consolidating data centers on campus and saving ISU money
May 2018 – May 2021 Information Assurance Manager US Army Information Technology and Information Assurance program manager for 100 full-time staff and 600 part-time staff. Maintain program compliance with Risk Management Framework controls. Provide IT availability to critical staff in a highly secured yet dynamic environment. Build and maintain training program to maintain both enterprise and expeditionary/tactical communications readiness. Direct two managers leading small teams of cable, radio, and computer technicians.
Education
February 2018 – May 2018 United States Army Officer Candidate School Component: USAR, Branch Signal Corps
August 2014 – December 2016 University of Maryland University College Major Program: B.S. Computer Networks and Security Professional Memberships, Certifications, and Training PMI Member, PMP eligible (2021) ISC2 CISSP (2018 – present) BICSI Member, RCDD eligible (2020) Cisco Member, CCNA eligible (2020) Previous Assignments and On-the-Job Training (OJT) Aug 2017 – June 2018 Program Coordinator II Iowa State University Assumed operational control and responsibility for the direction of primary enterprise data center spaces totaling 15,000 ft2. Continued to refine operational capabilities and internal services in accordance with industry best practice research. Updated Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for internal and customer-facing operations. Removed 50% of older infrastructure racks and replaced with new standard, reducing power draw. Drastically reduced risk of electrical hazard by installing more robust grounding grid and developed SOP to ground electronics. Continued to reduce liability of avoidable disasters including fire, shock, and tripping hazards.
Oct 2016 – Aug 2017 Systems Support Specialist Iowa State University Assumed operational responsibility for primary enterprise data center spaces totaling 15,000 ft2. Redefined operational capabilities and internal services in accordance with industry research. Began to redefine Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for internal and customer-facing operations. Removed several tons of unnecessary supply stock and extra disposable materials. Drastically reduced liability of avoidable disasters including fire, shock, and tripping hazards. Feb 2013 – May 2018 Information Assurance Technician US Army Data and information management and security operations. Configured and maintained 4 satellite communication antennas with Cisco iOS routers and switches to provide secure LAN & WAN in austere environment. Network Domain Administrator (Microsoft Active Directory & Windows 7 Enterprise). Site Collection Administrator, configured SharePoint sites and pages to maintain principle of least privilege while maintaining availability of data for collaboration across 5-state geographical area. Managed 4 life- cycle projects and maintained accountability of over $250,000 in equipment. Directed and enforced procedure documentation to standardize operations including technical processes and organizational charts. Trained more than 50 remote Information Assurance Support Officers in weekly video teleconference working groups.
Cisco Networking Industry Training and Coursework: PC Networking, TCP/IP model, OSI model networking foundations, Cable termination and testing (straight-through, rollover, crossover), Fluke test kit, Building LAN/WANs using Ethernet routers, switches, servers, computers, and phones, IPv4 network design, subnetting, CIDR, binary calculations, Local and remote console sessions, configure Cisco iOS routers and switches, Using routing and routed protocols to solve complex network problems, Configuring network ACLs on Cisco layer 3 devices.
Other IT Industry Training and Coursework includes: Certified Ethical Hacker v9 (EC-Council), Microsoft Windows Server 2012& 2012r2 coursework, Microsoft Windows Server 2008r2 experience, Active Directory domain administrator for OU of 2,000 users (1 of 5 admins), SharePoint 2010 Site Collection Administrator (sites restricted to domain groups), Computer imaging and hardening (created and maintained classified images), Lifecycle Management & Allocation (approx. 300 computers per year at $1,100 each), Creating/publishing training videos for users to increase organization security posture, SCCM client configuration and troubleshooting, Design, lead, and conduct Information Assurance training meetings / working groups
Contact this candidate