Page * of *
CURRICULUM VITAE(C.V)
PERSONAL DETAILS:
NAME: Michael Tabu Osiche.
PROFESSION: AGRONOMIST AND IT TECHNICIAN.
ID NO : 29626440
DATE OF BIRTH: 26TH July 1990
MARITAL STATUS: Married.
GENDER: Male.
NATIONALITY: Kenyan.
LANGUAGES: English, Kiswahili, and Native.
RELIGION: Christian.
HEALTH: Good.
CELLPHONE NUMBER: +254*********
ADDRESS: 237, 50102.Mumias.
Email : adzj2j@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To always work hard, commit myself with integrity to what I am doing and be the excellent worker in the country and abroad.
To be an excellent employee who is self-driven and have a positive attitude towards achieving goals of the employer with minimum or no supervision. PERSONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
BSc Agronomy with Information Technology.
Valid Driving Licence.
Microsoft Office, Access,Word, Excel,Internet,Emails.
Software management and installation.
Printer management and fixing.
Certificate in conflict management skills.
Certificate in HIV/AIDs guiding and counseling.
Certificate in supply and procurement.
Certificate in Leadership and Integrity training. Page 2 of 6
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION :
2012–2016 : MASENO UNIVERSITY, Degree in Bachelor of Science (AGRONOMY WITH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY) Second Class Honors Upper Division. 2015 : Certificate of participation in Conflict management, Conflict resolution and peace building. 2015 :Certificate of Leadership and Integrity training at Maseno University. 2015 : Certificate of merit of procurement Supply Student Association Maseno University. 2014 : Certificate from Encouragement ministries on Regional center for HIV/AIDS and social sciences education.
2014 :ICT certificate on computer packages, Microsoft word, excel, spreadsheet, publisher, power point etc. E mailing,
2014: Certificate of participation in National Debating and clubs at ST. Luke’s Ihonje secondary school.
2008-2011: Buchifi mixed secondary school (K.C.S.E) B 2004-2007:ST.ChristopherEnyapora Primary school Certificate of primary education (K.C.P.E) B+ 1997 - 2004:Bumia primary school.
1996 - 1997: Bumia nursery school.
ACHIEVEMENTS .
1.Won a trophy the best agrochemical sales at Bondeni agrovet (largest agrovet in kakamega) of the year 2011 by exceeding the target sales by 47% 2.Exceeded the target at DWA estate plantations in hybrid seed production of squash and water melon at 140%
3. Achieved in field extension services across the country in Tanzania and South Sudan in 2018,in all vegetable production green houses.
JOB EXPERIENCE.
2009-2012: Fertilizer sales person at Bondeni Agrovet Makunga market and entire Kakamega region.(yara,mea,chapa meli,Urea,Muriate of Potash,Mavuno,Sulphate of Ammonia,Agricultural lime e.t.c. Selling and distribution to farmers across the region. In selling agro-chemicals, fetrtilizers,farm equipment and crop seeds, PVC pipes and fittings,plastic tanks,pipes and end end caps,pipes redusers all inches, T-junctions,plastic rubbers fittings,plastic corks and drips.
2013(April-September): Agriculture project on Zea mays(Maize) production at ST. Elizabeth Bumia Girl’s Secondary school(KNEC EXAM PROJECT.)
Page 3 of 6
2014(January-February): Agriculture project on Pennesetum purpureum (Nappier grass) production at ST. Luke’s Ihonje Secondary School (KNEC EXAM PROJECT.) 2015(April-September): Agriculture project on Phaseolus vulgaris (Common Bean) production at ST. Elizabeth Bumia Girl’s Secondary School (KNEC EXAM PROJECT.) 2015(July-August): Mombasa International Show as Sales agent on Kick Start Promotion on Money Maker water pumps.
2016(October-): Agriculture project on Millet production at ST. Paul’s Ahong’injo Secondary school
(KNEC EXAM PROJECT.)
2017 Agronomist at mumias sugar company limited, propagation and breeding of sugarcane cultivars such as D8484(pinder),EAK 337,KEN 897,KEN 601 etc. 2016-2018(October-June): Greenhouse International LTD Dar es Salaam, Tanzania , the agronomist and Plastic pipes fittings and drips.
Main duties:
Flower breeding,different varieties such as Eryngium,Hypericum,Stokesia,Ornithogalum and cut roses.
Emasculation of flowers of fodders crops such as calliandra and sesbania sesban.
Management of Greenhouse vegetable crops such as okra,tomatoes,onions,capsicum,pepper,chillies,spinch,cabbage,kales,asparagus etc.
Radio program marketing such as East Africa radio, Wapo FM, magic radio and Clouds fm. Which influenced thousands of farmers to engage in serious farming.
Providing alternative solutions to the problems facing farmers like plastic pipe fittings in water convey system.
2018(June-October): Marek booch company limited in Juba, South Sudan,Chief Agronomist in propagation of cut flowers and horticultural vegetables. Main duties:
Management of more than five large Greenhouses of cut rose flowers, hibiscus flowers and vegetables such as spinach, kales, cabbages, cucumbers, onions and a mango orchard and did a lot on Tomatoes.(testing using Elisa test.)
Emasculation and grafting of crops,assessing the values of crops (quality and quantity) and coordinating with the marketer to achieve the market orders.
Evaluating the farm and giving out the correct approach in the production program.
2019(May to Sept 2020): Supervisor, DWA PLANTATIONS LIMITED Horticulture, Hybrid seed production of Squash, Water melons for Syngenta Pollen Limited and Baby-corn under drip and pivot irrigation systems respectively,100ha. Page 4 of 6
Coordination and smooth operation of Hybrid seed production by close supervision of more than 300 farm workers, which the target was achieved in more than 140% in every seed lot production requirement.
Main duties:
Production of hybrid seeds for watermelon and squash as a contracted company by Syngenta pollen limited.
Planning and execution of sowing both male and female seeds in the greenhouse using soilless coco peat media
Carry out the entire production process of different watermelon and squash varieties including land preparation, transplanting, spray application, fertigation, pollination, seed extraction and other cultural practices,Testing the curcubit infection likelihood i.e ZYMV,CGMMV,CMV using SEB 1,2,3 and SEB 9.
Supervise a group of over 300 workers and ensure there is a smooth running of all the activities
2021-2023 FIELD OFFICER – TUGENDE KENYA N.G.O
Deals in motor sales on hire purchase i.e cars, motor-bikes, singer machines, fridges, smartphones and home appliences in all East Africa,then promoted to be account manager after merits in collections. Great achievements in KPI such as cash ratio and efective repayments led to promotion to be account manager.
Main duties:
Marketing,sales and promotions of motorbikes,vetting clients,entering clients data in Salesforce system, customer care relations and credit officer.Entering clients names into salesforce,CRM and Taro works applications of the company data base during vetting. Tracking and making follow ups on active lease clients on GPS tracking system. Impounding motor bikes as the last option in case the client fails to meet the payments. Acted as a field intelligence in GPS and recovery of stolen and police impounded bike back to the company premises.Have successfully managed to recover several bikes some of which have been offline.
2023(Jan to date): TECHNICAL SALES SPECIALIST AT TRANSGLOBAL DISTRIBUTERS.
Duties : marketing,sales and distribution of animal feeds/drugs,animal sprays, farm equipments,Ato Z bags,post harvest preservatives,bio additives,soil conditioners,plant boosters,foliar sprays,pit moss,seeds,pesticides,herbicides e.t.c from the headquarters to different regions. Promotion of new products into the market,being a point of contact between the end users and the distributer on the feedback about their findings on the product. Giving extensional advice to the end users about my products.
Page 5 of 6
CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS:
High sense of personal initiative.
Excellent ability to establish and maintenance effective working relation in a multi- cultural/ethnic environment while respecting diversity.
High adaptable and motivated by challenges.
Impressive and effective communicator.
High value for team participation with regard for individual difference.
Computer skills.
Ready to learn by doing.
Leadership and problem management skills.
Self- driven, goal oriented and work independently with minimum supervision PERSONAL CAREER AMBITION:
Having acquired skills especially in the sugar industry I would like to use the knowledge and experience to help organization achieve targets and realize profits and high service level and propel them to world market leaders.
Publications : 2016 – A research project on effects on different foliar fertilizer rates on the growth and yield of common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris.)
: 2015-A research project on different types of fertilizer on the growth and yield of maize
(Zea mays.)
LEADERSHIP SKILLS:
Congress person (Hall representative) at Maseno University.
Kick start (Money maker) sales coordinator at Mombasa International show.
Supervisor for Hybrid Seed production of Syngenta Pollen Limited.
Chief Agronomist in two different companies out country.
Good advisor of the farmers country wide.
HOBBIES/ SKILLS:
Farming trials and tests
Conducting researches
Philosophical expeditions
Writing Reggae music
Computer repair and windows installation
Software maintenance.
Advising farmers on modern farming methods.
Farming trials and experimentations.
Page 6 of 6
Volunteer works in community development
Training and playing Volleyball.
Travelling
Reading
Philosophical statements
REFEREES:
1. Geoffrey Kiprotich
Supervisor Rea vipingo DWA estates.
072*******
Email:adzj2j@r.postjobfree.com.
2. Mr. Nelson Okky Nyasiri
D.O.S ST. ELIZABETH BUMIA GIRLS’ SECONDARY SCHOOL. Biology and Chemistry Teacher.
072*******
3. Mr. Godfrey Mwamba.
Manager Production department, Rea Vipingo DWA estate plantantions. 072*******
Email: adzj2j@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate