Naomi Gonzales-Bermea

**** ** *** *** **** Frisco, TX 75036
Cell: 469-***-****

Professional Summary

An extremely motivated project manager, focused on software development and application support. Able to strategize and prioritize efficiently to accomplish multiple tasks. Assertive and conscientious decision maker. Able to collaborate and communicate effectively with leadership and team members. Able to think beyond existing practices and mindsets. Proven track record of delivery and bring 23+ years of IT experience.

Education
High School, Pasadena High School, Pasadena, TX

Professional Experience

Amdocs (AT&T) - January 2020 – March 2023
Application Support Lead

Managed, prioritized and ensured compliance and security vulnerabilities for supported applications are resolved.
Planned and organized server SSL certificate renewals and software upgrades
Served as application owner to ensure application health.
Managed application support team with analysis and troubleshooting to ensure timely resolution of P1-P3 incidents.
Performed root cause analysis as part of the Problem Management process.
Facilitated all production changes leveraging our Change Management process.
Collaborated with teams to develop business operation processes and wrote corresponding Knowledge articles.
Created KPI reports to highlight security vulnerabilities for supported tools and applications.
Lead the creation business requirements to create automated (BOT) to run repetitive data to reduce man hours by 10,000 hours.
Leveraged Software Development Lifecycle framework.
Leveraged Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework for most of AT&T organization processes. Utilized this framework to write repetitive process for Rapid Deployment efforts.
SQL exposure via logging into databases to fix script issues along with dev guidance.

AT&T - 2015 - Jan 2020
Professional-Business Rules Manager

Coordinated daily activities for team to ensure we operated efficiently in a high demand environment.
Performed data quality assurance prior to production deployments.
Proven track record of successful deployments resulting in a high CSAT score month over month.
Assisted with documentation for Product Price Bulk Update (PPBU) GUI Job Aid - Add/Update Prices Mobile Share & Loyalty – Bundle Pricing into Edit Mode, Test Mode, and Production Mode
Trained all new team members on leveraged applications to ensure consistent delivery.
Leveraged Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework for most of AT&T organization processes. Utilized this framework to write repetitive process for Rapid Deployment efforts.
SQL exposure via logging into databases to fix script issues along with dev guidance.

AT&T - 2012 - 2015
Professional-Business Assessment Manager

Managed the Production Support Assessment Team on performing impact assessments and resource assignments.
Owned the end-to-end management of service requests, escalating any that did not meet SLA.
Performed quality assurance to ensure adequate info was provided in each request to ensure timely delivery.
Monitor Process Center application for PART - SD&E
Assisted submitters with issues related to Process Center tool.
Owned any requests that fell outside of the Process Center process and routed these requests to the appropriate POC or PART SR TD for timely resolution.
Leveraged Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework for most of AT&T organization processes. Utilized this framework to write repetitive processes.

AT&T - 2002 – 2012
Software Quality Auditor Manager
Initiated the auditing software project (s) via IT Unified Process (ITUP) standards.
Audited included ITUP Compliancy, Inspection/Review Facilitation, ITUP Coaching, Data Gathering and Metrics Calculation, Statistical/Root Cause Analysis, Collection and Reporting
Owned the audit assessment and delivery of audit inspection with stakeholders for data resolution.
Ensured PMO teams had a clear understanding of ITUP standards by coaching and facilitating improved quality, efficiency and cost of IT development efforts.
Leveraged Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework for most of AT&T organization processes. Utilized this framework to write repetitive processes.

SQA Sr Analyst/PM IT
Served as the Project Management for Enterprise Testing Quality Control (ETQC) for versioned and external applications.
Developed and enhanced daily processes pertaining to Planning, Support TLG and Retail/External applications.
Responsible for approving project scope changes and documenting release notes for my region
Created StarTrac System training presentation and delivered training to all team members.
Attended high level design sessions to ensure testing needs are met.
Served as intermediary between multiple IT teams to ensure consistent understanding of deliverables.
Provided project status reporting to ETQC teams.
Coordinated meetings with PMO, Development and ETQC to provide issue resolution to ensure testing commences on schedule.
Established and provided milestones to ETQC planners and tracked through Microsoft Project to meet ETQC goal.
Facilitated planning and execution meetings to obtain status on all projects.
Leveraged Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework for most of AT&T organization processes. Utilized this framework to write repetitive processes.

Cingular Wireless - 2000-2002
IT Finance Analyst / Project Manager
Maintained a web-based purchasing database for Central Region Network Operations
Communicated with different functional groups within the network and HQ to resolve issues with unreceived equipment in Oracle and invoices.
Served as point of contact for status of purchase orders.
Generated and distributed weekly/monthly reports for several functional groups, special projects and financial analysis.
Provided leadership with status of purchase orders/requisitions.
Maintained a project summary database for my region.
Worked closely with project managers and their teams to ensure consistent delivery and communication.

Relevant Software Skills

Microsoft Project
Azure
Jenkins
Excel
Microsoft Word
PowerPoint
Oracle
Bolt
My Prisim, Project Workflow
Peoplesoft
Sharepoint
AOTS (Incident, Problem, Change, Request Management)
Contact this candidate