CHRISTY HALL

**** ******** ***
Louisville, KY 40291
adzmmp@r.postjobfree.com
502-***-****

Management of Information Technology
Seeking a position where proven technical proficiency and strong interpersonal communication skills would be utilized in the continued success and growth of the organization.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Systems Engineer
TARC (Transit Authority of River City) – Louisville, KY
March 2021 to present
Managing and maintaining network hardware such as layer 2 switches, routers, firewalls, and wireless adapters. Network administration responsibilities including managing file shares and permissions, Active Directory user accounts, Group Policy, DNS, DHCP, etc. Managing, troubleshooting and resolving level III help desk tickets. Provide support for end users in VDI environment using VMWare Horizon for desktops and vCenter vSphere for servers. Managing and maintaining virtual machine storage to ensure resources are properly allocated and utilized. Working with outside consultants on internal projects as needed. Verify system backups to maintain data integrity. Monitoring and maintaining server backups using Veeam.

IT Manager
PSC Industries, Inc. - Louisville, KY
January 2020 to March 2021
Install, upgrade and maintain network hardware such as layer 2 switches, routers, firewalls, and wireless adapters. Design, develop, implement and coordinate systems, policies, and procedures. Ensure security of data, network access, and backup systems. Manage IT staff by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job expectations and assessing their performance. Act in alignment with user needs and system functionality to contribute to organizational policy. Audit systems and assess their outcomes. Preserve assets, information security and control structures. Handle annual budget and ensure cost-effectiveness.

Network Administrator
Ramsey Quantitative Systems, Inc - Louisville, KY
July 2017 to November 2019
Responsible for assisting company staff with technical issues involving desktop computers, laptops, mobile phones as well as their related applications and technology. Managing Cisco Catalyst 3850 switches, Cisco ASA 5525 Firewall. Installation, testing, documentation and maintenance of new hardware and software including operating systems and their related patching and upgrades. Network administration responsibilities including managing file shares and permissions, AD user accounts, DNS, DHCP, etc. Responsible for monitoring and verifying backup policies are effectively operating as well as modifying backups to make sure critical data is being stored. Primarily responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of a Windows-based network.

Network Administrator
Dismas Charities, Inc - Louisville, KY
October 2015 to April 2017
Managing, troubleshooting and resolving all level II and level III network issues by recommending system configuration changes, upgrades and repairs. Coordinating with third-party vendors for onsite assistance for remote locations when necessary. Managing Cisco Catalyst 3850 switches, Cisco ASA 5525 Firewall and basic maintenance of Cisco 4451 Router. Providing Level II and Level III support for help desk and desktop support teams. Prioritizing workload for help desk and desktop support teams for daily activities and projects. Maximizing network performance, reporting operational status, and providing frequent updates on outages. Designing, documenting, implementing and enforcing network security policies and procedures.

Systems Engineer
Advanced Payroll Systems - Louisville, KY
October 2014 to September 2015
Maintaining and supporting VMware Infrastructure, Veeam backups, and SAN storage for 42 servers in accordance with company standards. Administering all aspects of Active Directory environment. Providing support and resolution of server and escalated Level II and Level III desktop issues as needed. Managing security standards, policies, controls and safeguards for confidential payroll data. Developing and maintaining inventory of equipment. Tracking warranty information, software licensing, and subscriptions. Documenting policies and procedures for audit, roll back, and business continuity/disaster recovery.

Applications Engineer - Windows
Matrix Integration - Jasper, IN
April 2014 to September 2014
Assessing complex network infrastructures, making recommendations for optimization based on current and future needs and available or new technology. Network security management and support, assessing security risks, recommending appropriate modifications in network infrastructure, policies or procedures in accordance with business needs. Performing regularly scheduled preventative maintenance and network support for a variety of clients, assisting IT departmental staff with training on new hardware and software installations and technology. Creating and maintaining client technical documentation and standard operating procedures. Explaining complex network technologies to non-technical users.

Network Administrator
KCC International - Louisville, KY
February 2013 to March 2014
Creating, deleting, and maintaining network and email accounts using Active Directory and Exchange 2010. Installing, configuring and maintaining network equipment including Dell servers, desktops, laptops, and SonicWall firewall. Oversight of inventory management for software and hardware components, maintaining accurate documentation for all system installations, configurations, and upgrades. Administering all aspects of ShoreTel VOIP phone system. Responsible for ongoing process improvement, creating and maintaining policy and procedures documentation to ensure consistency, accuracy and reliability. Providing technology instruction and training to new hires and other employees as needed. Developing written training materials to provide training and technical support for desktop and laptop users.

Director of Technology
The Center for Women and Families - Louisville, KY
April 2008 to May 2012
Solely responsible for managing all information technology needs of a multi-site, non-profit organization in accordance with security policies, procedures, goals and budgetary guidelines. Ensuring proper operation of all networked equipment for eight 24x7x365 Crisis Office call centers, ensuring uninterrupted delivery of mission critical services including telephony, internet and email by working varied schedules and being on-call daily. Analyzing system needs, making recommendations on new purchases, obtaining bids and negotiating contracts. Performing routine audits and eliminating security vulnerabilities.
Working with the Business Operations Department to utilize information technology to improve efficiency and support the needs of management, staff and clients. Maintaining data files, monitoring system configuration to ensure data integrity and security. Performing system backups and recovery on all servers, developing and maintaining a Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery plan, performing tests, making improvements as needed for business and technology needs. Maintaining and documenting all existing systems, security, and network configurations. Evaluating and installing patches and resolving security related issues. Providing technical support, training and guidance to users with a variety of technical backgrounds and in some cases, limited understanding of computer operation. Explaining complex technology concepts and practices to staff, management and Board of Directors - mostly non-technical users. Providing weekly Information Technology reports to Leadership Team and monthly reports to the Board of Directors.

Computer / Network Technician
Campbell University, School of Law - Raleigh, NC
August 2005 to April 2008
Supporting faculty, staff and students by maintaining, troubleshooting, and repairing all networked computers, laptops and peripherals. Installing and configuring new hardware and software as needed. Support and train new and existing faculty on the use of classroom technologies. Monitoring network servers and operating systems in a Windows networked environment to ensure reliable operation and optimal performance. Ensuring successful backups on all servers. Creating, deleting, and maintaining network and email accounts using Active Directory, including membership in groups, access to network resources and email quotas on Exchange Server 2003. Researching and resolving network connectivity issues. Training users in the effective use of network resources and software applications. Maintaining WLAN as well as student VLAN providing extra security and separation between faculty and staff domain and student domain.

Computer Consultant I
Department of Commerce - Raleigh, NC
May 2004 to August 2005
Installing, configuring, troubleshooting, and servicing personal computers, laptops, printers, LCD projectors, and other peripherals. Installing new software and hardware as needed. Supporting laptop wireless technology, troubleshooting and resolving issues for mobile device performance. Providing end users with network technical support, establishing and maintaining user accounts, including memberships in groups and network access, responding to the needs and questions of end users concerning their access to network resources. Researching and resolving network connectivity issues.

PC Support Coordinator
National Health Services, Inc - Louisville, KY
July 1995 to May 2004
Installing, configuring, troubleshooting, and servicing personal computers, laptops and peripherals. Insuring security compliance with HIPPA standards. Installing new software and hardware, as well as upgrades to existing software and hardware. Providing end users with network technical support, establishing network user accounts and permissions with Windows Active Directory. Providing support and interpretation as liaison between the Information Services department and clinical end user staff, interpreting complex technical concepts and practices to clinicians, mostly non-technical users. Conducting compatibility tests with software programs and hardware in a multiple operating system environment, documenting results and reporting to the software development team. Supervising 4 Help Desk and 1 Computer Operator positions including scheduling, performance evaluations and professional development plans. Periodic review of development plan to ensure achievement of professional goals and continued improvement of departmental staff.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's in Information Technology
Sullivan University - Louisville, KY
June 2013 to Present

CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES

CompTIA A+
CompTIA Network+
CompTIA Security+
Contact this candidate