Cheryl Hicks
Kansas City or Remote 1-816-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/cheryl-hicks
adzp9n@r.postjobfree.com

Information Technology Manager
Cross-Functional Operations Support Performance Management Team Development & Direction

A skilled technology leader, who can translate business requirements into technology solutions and lead cross functional teams to deliver outstanding results.

Disciplined and experienced IT manager with strong attention to detail, technical expertise and ability to translate requirements across multiple technical teams.
Results-driven IT leader with an established record of success supporting business critical business applications.
Trustworthy and committed employee who will be committed to organizational success.
Skills / Competencies

oLeadership
oAttention to Detail
oStrong Analytical Skills
oResource Management
oStakeholder Management
oEffective Communication
oFlexibility and Adaptability
oCross Functional Collaboration

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

2010 to 2023: IT MANAGER, YRC WORLDWIDE, INC. (YELLOW FREIGHT)

Served in a key role supporting to our business partners, giving a direct line to an IT technologist to helping with their application needs. With finesse and skill, I helped determine next steps in requests and next steps to accomplish the task.

Top skills
oDirectly managed teams varying in size from 8-18, prioritizing their work to support our business partners.
oDisplaying exceptional communication and analytical skills by directly engaging with customers to assess their needs and priorities, resulting in better alignment of resources with customer requirements.
oSuccessfully scheduled and facilitated meetings related to information technology projects and tasks, fostering effective collaboration and communication among team members, stakeholders, and clients.
oDemonstrated keen resource management skills by identifying the need for initial or supplemental project/task resources, resulting in efficient resource allocation and improved business satisfaction.
oEffectively listening and removing obstacles for team members, onsite and remote, ensuring they were engaged and satisfied with their work.

Key successes
Overseeing implementation of CRM, Dynamics 365 enabling the sales staff to streamline their meetings, notes and revenue management into one application.
Working with staff to complete updates and enhancements to Yellow Freight’s Website and APIs giving external customers a better customer experience creating better customer satisfaction.
Integrating a new vendor, 3gTMS, into the Customer Service Call center application enabling a better workflow for customer service representatives creating more shipments.

2003 to 2010: Supervisor/Project Manager, YELLOW FREIGHT

Delivered large and small projects as a Project Manager and Supervisor. The projects were critical to the company’s business. Therefore, fostering a good working relationship with our business partners is key to enable a smooth experience during the project lifecycle. We used Waterfall and Agile SDLCs to manage the projects.

Top skills
oCreates a good relationship with business partners and stakeholders during the project lifecycle.
oSuccessfully executes project tasks, ensuring strict adherence to budget, schedule, and scope, leading to the timely completion of projects and meeting organizational goals.
oProactively monitors and tracks project milestones and deliverables, guaranteeing that projects stay on track and critical deadlines were met, contributing to the overall success of the initiatives.
oPrepares informative and insightful project status reports, showcasing key information and trends to stakeholders, enabling informed decision-making and proactive communication.
oDemonstrates financial acumen by developing and managing annual budgets for information technology projects, ensuring cost control and resource optimization throughout the project lifecycle.

Key successes include

Integrating a vendor application, PowerForward, into the Customer Service Call center application enabling fewer phone calls and customer hand offs to another team along with more timely status updates on shipments.
Mobile application for Yellow Freight website enabling customer to use new technology and not be tied to a desktop.
Major updates to the Yellow Freight Website giving customers new functionality for better customer satisfaction.
Created new Promo Code application creating new business and revenue.

Additional Career Experience:
Started career at Yellow Freight as a Developer progressing through to Sr. Application Developer before moving to Project Manager. This experience has been instrumental in communicating with IT staff, resource planning and roadmap creation.

EDUCATION

Missouri Western State University Bachelor of Science
Major
oComputer Science
Minors
oComputer Information Systems
oMathematics

Cheryl’s Leadership
"Cheryl is the definition of what I envision a true leader to be. “
“She genuinely cares about the well-being of her team. She takes responsibility for understanding the needs and requirements before getting others involved.”
“She is the person that steers the ship with undeniable grace, all to accomplish goals and reach our destination as a unit.”
Contact this candidate