ANAS RUZZ
SR. IT PM/PPM CONSULTANT
Houston, TX 346-***-**** linkedin.com/in/anas-ruzz-69a20914/about:blank adzuvj@r.postjobfree.com GC Holder
Senior IT Project Portfolio Management (PPM) Consultant with over 15 years of experience in leading and delivering strategic IT and digital transformation initiatives. Proven expertise in aligning projects with organizational strategies, driving technology initiatives, and optimizing digital investments. Proficient in Agile methodologies, organizational change management, and technology integration. Successful track record of managing large-scale programs and projects totaling $45+ million.

SKILLS
IT Project and Program Management
PMO and Portfolio Management
Scaled SAFe 6.0 Agile SPC/RTE
Agile and DevOps Coaching
Organizational Change Management (OCM)
Digital Transformation Leadership
Costing and Budgeting
Cloud Transformation (Azure, Oracle)
Vendor Management
RFP Development and Proposal Evaluation
KPI and Performance Management
Reporting and Dashboard Development
Lean Six Sigma
Agile Tools (JIRA, Trello, Azure DevOps)
PPM Tools (Microsoft, SNOW, Planview)
BPM Tools (ARIS, VISIO)
Microsoft Project 2019
Cross-Functional Team Supervision
SDLC and Release Management
ITIL Expert (ServiceNow, BMC Remedy)
RPA (Automation Anywhere)
Dynamics 365 (ERP and CRM)
Microsoft 365 (Power Platform)
CERTIFICATIONS
PMI PgMP - License No 2215446
PMI PMP - License No 1698307
PMI ACP - License No 3160319
Certified SAFe 6 Agilist License No 093*****-****
Professional Scrum Master1 (PSM1)
Certified Change Management Professional™ (CCMP)- C006180
ITIL® Expert – License No GR761005737MM
TOGAF 9.1 Foundations - License 78981
Automation Anywhere RPA Program Manager-License No 17440800
Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
Microsoft Certified: Azure Data Fundamentals
Microsoft Certified: Azure AI Fundamentals
Microsoft Certified: Power Platform Fundamentals
Microsoft Certified: Dynamics 365 Fundamentals (ERP)
Microsoft Certified: Dynamics 365 Fundamentals (CRM)
Microsoft Certified: MCTS in Microsoft Project 2007
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Deloitte Consulting May 2022 to Now
Position Sr. Program and Project management Consultant
Led multiple Azure and D365 cloud and Data modernization program.
Managed the end-to-end program activities, including but not limited to developing and managing the program management plans, schedules, communication, and resources, and providing consistent and comprehensive project updates, risks, and issues management and mitigation.
Led rationalization and business impact analysis workshops with technical and business application owners.
Facilitated the appropriate cadence of communication across all program stakeholders.
Led the daily scrum, weekly tactical project status, and alignment meetings providing the steering committee with a clear strategic program visibility.
Led the migration changes and releases and presented the program in the weekly Change Advisory Board (CAB) meetings.
Supported the programs roadmap strategy within six scrum master teams, played the Release Train Engineer (RTE) role for two key scrum teams, and ensured the Programs backlog components aligned with the agreed portfolio goals and strategies within the product increments master schedule.
Led the Product backlog refinement for epics, features, and User Stories and ensured the accuracy of the information and sizing according to the agreed definition of ready (DoR), and secured the alignment between the business process, services, and product backlog items from one side and between the backlog items and technical tasks from the other side using Azure DevOps (ADO).
Led all Agile cross programs meetings, including Product increments, sprint planning, sprint grooming, review, demo, daily stand-up, and retrospective sessions, and coaching the other scrum masters according to the Scaled Agile Framework SAFE 6.
Led the rationalization and business impact analysis workshops with Cross-functional teams, EA, and business Product owners.
Received an appreciation letter from the client’s CIO and another Outstanding Performance Award (OPA) from the leadership team.

GENPACT / Client Name: Driscoll’s Jan 2021 to April 2022
Position Sr. IT Program Manager
Managed and controlled all program activities and deliverables through all phases of the program components lifecycle, ensuring successful delivery on time and within budget on all assigned projects.
Developed and managed program management plans, schedules, and budgets and provided consistent and comprehensive project updates, cost analysis, risks, issues management, and resolutions.
Coached and mentored program team members and fellow Information Services project managers and partners across the organization to share lessons learned and best practices.
Developed and maintained productive working relationships with external vendors, business partners, and internal IS teams.
Managed, monitored, and tracked program costs and budget variances.
Ensured timely and accurate communication with management and project team members throughout the life cycle of the project.
Prepared and presented documentation to Information Services Leadership team and business stakeholders.
Implemented organizational change management and continuous process improvement.
Jupiter Group / Client Name: Huntsman International Dec 2019 to Dec 2020
Position Sr. IT Program/Projects Manager
Managed strategic global digital cloud transformation program for 11,000 end users, including but not limited to Dynamic 365, Power Platform Adoption, Lotus notes2Exchange Online Migration, Azure AD Migration, Jive2SharePoint Online migration, ODFB Migration, MS Team implementation, MS Intune, and M365.
Developed/tracked a detailed project charter, execution plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.
Facilitated and served the program’s cross-functional scrum teams across the whole scrum ceremonies, including but not limited to Sprint Planning and workstream schedule, daily stand-up meetings, Sprint Review/Demo, and the sprint retrospective sessions.
Planned, monitored, and reported the status of entrusted projects to different reporting lines: delivery unit managers, CIOs, business/IT steering committees.
Maintained issue and risk logs, took proactive mitigation actions to prevent issues from happening, and coordinated solutions for critical issues.
Managed the product selection phase, proof of concept (POC) phase, request for proposal (RFP) development, proposal evaluation, and contracting.
Led the organization change management (OCM) and product championship implementation in parallel with the project technical implementation, including but not limited to Awareness Communication T-series, teasers, flyers, posters, marketing materials, training and onboarding sessions, and Town Hall sessions.
Shift-Technology Oct 2014 to Nov 2019
Position Sr. IT Project/Program Manager
Managed significant Business-IT Strategic and digital transformation initiatives, including software, infrastructure, and Business process excellence programs and projects.
Developed the primary program strategy, supported business cases, project chartering, master Hybrid Agile plan and WBS, benefits realization plan, budgets/timelines/schedules, optimized programs, and projects governance and communication strategies.
Managed IT portfolio components projects and programs starting from portfolio planning, ideation, prioritization, execution, and closure of the portfolio programs and projects considering portfolio strategy, governance, performance, communication, and strategic risks.
Monitored portfolio components performance, status, risks, and issues (RAID) management using appropriate Project Portfolio Management (PPM) and agile reports and dashboards tools, and communicated the status to the respective stakeholders.
Managed the project’s financing, including planning, estimating, budgeting, funding, controlling costs, and ensured the project’s completion within the approved budget.
Achieved many successful IT strategic programs and projects, including but not limited to BPM Centre of Excellence (CoE) establishment with a Big 4 and SofwareAG, enterprise office setup with ARIS EA and process mapping Tool Implementation, MS Dynamics AX ERP Imp., including the (AP, AR, GL, FA, budgeting, I& WM, project management, and Accounting, Travel, and Expense modules), Full MS Dynamics CRM 365 implementation, including Sales, Customer Service, Marketing, Field Service, and Service Automation modules, IT PMO establishment with Deloitte, EPM Tool Imp, establishment of strategy and performance office, ITSM Adaptation program with BMC Remedy Tool Imp., and advanced analytics and data management.

Jeraisy Computer & Comm. Services (JCCS) May 2013 to Sep 2014
Position IT Project Manager
Managed IT delivery solutions and infrastructure projects.
Managed all aspects of the running JCCS projects, from project initiation through project completion, production, integration, and service activation within the expected cost, time, and quality.
Managed financing, including planning, estimating, budgeting, funding, controlling costs, and ensured the project’s completion within the approved budget.
Reviewed, consolidated, and disseminated risks, issues, changes, and key dependencies across all projects, and monitored the agreed mitigation and resolution plans.
Acted as the point of effective control over coordination, communication, escalation, and issue follow-ups.
Early Career
eBECS Limited Oct 2012 to May 2013
Position
MS Dynamic AX Technical consultant
Orange-France Telecom Dec 2009 to Oct 2012
Position
Sr. IT Billing System Analyst
Al-Balqa Applied University Sep 2006 to Dec 2009
Position
Dot Net Software Developer
EDUCATION
Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Balqa Applied University, Jordan 2009
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Information Systems, Amman University, Jordan. 2006
-All degrees accredited and evaluated by International Education Evaluation (IEE) -USA-
Contact this candidate