Mohammad Shahbaaz Qaiser
MCS, MCITP, MCTS. MCSE *003, MCSA 2003, MCP,
Linux Administration, Routing and Switching Level 1, IELTS 2011 Citrix Xen. CXS-100-1W, CXA-101-2W, CEV-100-3W, CXD-100-3W Australian Computer Society. (A.C.S.)
Objective Having 15+ Years’ experience, I am seeking for a challenging career based position as an I.T. Infrastructure Specialist / Professional. Achievements
(IT Projects)
Successful Transformation of IT Platform of Decker’s Intellectual Properties CANADA from Windows-to-LINUX with High Availability
(HA) for enterprise web applications and Clusters for MySQL databases.
Successful Designing and Deployment of IT Infrastructure including Datacenter cum N.O.C. of Earthquake Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Authority, Ibd, Pakistan (ERRA) with integration of existing ICT System of 13 remote sites over VSAT links and 3 offices over the fiber.
Complete Disaster Recovery of IT setup of Board of Investment (BOI), Islamabad.
Currently serving as Officer Incharge MIS, with management of Systems, Voice, Networks, Development Sections along with admin staff in absence of Advisor MIS.
Experience
(15+ Years)
Aug, 2011 –To date. ERRA Prime Minister Sectt. Ibd, Pk. Systems Analyst / IT Manager (Information Systems and Network)
Awarded “Certificate of Appreciation” in 2012 in recognition of contribution made in development of web based GIS application and database servers by Dy Chairman ERRA, Lt General Sardar Mahmood Ali khan.
Awarded “Certificate of Thank You” in 2011 for being an efficient team member by Dy. Chairman ERRA Lt Gen. Haroon Aslam.
Awarded “Certificate of Merit” in 2010 for outstanding services and for discharging responsibilities with utmost devotion and commitment by Dy. Chairman ERRA Lt Gen. Sajjad Akram.
Awarded special increment in pay in 2009 considering determination and dedication in yearly performance report.
Management Side
To identify, define and organizes detailed user and system requirements.
To advise solution architect in design of new applications by providing expertise on system capabilities and constraints.
H # 3, St # 1, Kamran
Abbasi Society, Chatha
Bakhtawer, Islamabad
Cell 00-92-333-***-****
adzvha@r.postjobfree.com.
Identification of requirements specification to create information system and software solutions to meet corporate/business needs.
To communicate with users to build a requirements specification to create business solutions.
To create system specifications for the design and development of system software using data and process modeling techniques.
To assess change implementation options, benefits and risks, and recommends most appropriate direction.
To identify and evaluate inefficiencies and recommending optimal business practices, and system functionality and behavior
To develop project plans by building project management methodologies, principles and techniques.
Provide guidance in predicting and monitoring performance and capacity for addressing information systems (IS) and network related issues.
To provide expert technical advice and counsel to management and to less experienced systems analysts.
Responsible for capacity building (user training) documentation, and to conduct training classes.
Preparation of Annual Procurement Plan for Enterprise/ Organization.
Dept. Representation for Special Audit of National and International Funds.
Dept. Representation for Certification Audits of Accounts for MIS.
Dept. Representation for ISO Audit 9001:2008
Correspondence with stake holders and partners on IT related matters.
To point-out and resolve single point of failures through analysis/day to day troubleshooting and develop resolution plans.
Manager (Team Lead) of computer systems and network section to maintain, control and administer the information system of MIS.
Evaluation of information system in MIS section to develop SOPs and procedures to be implemented for best of system development and performance.
Technical Side
Systems/Servers Management including
Citrix Xen Server 6.0. 5.6 SP1, SP2,and 5.5, VMware ESXi, ESX, VM visor, Windows 2008 Hyper-V, VMware server 1 and 2, VMware workstation 5, 6, 7, Microsoft Hyper Visor Server 2008, Cloud Setup for enterprise DR site and VMware 3.5 and 4 (Enterprise).
Management of Citrix Presentation / Xen App Server 4.0 and 4.5.
Implementation of MOM, SCOM 2007, SCVMM, WSUS, Free NAS and Active Directory, directory services, DNS.
Implementation of Microsoft Exchange Server 2003, Exchange sever 2007 using Clustered (CCR) Deployment (LCR, SCR Pilot Project), Up-gradation of Domain Controllers of 2003 to 2008 (Active Directory, directory services).
Installation and troubleshooting of Exchange servers 5.5/2003/2007/2010. Managing administration Groups and assigned permissions.
Moving user mailboxes from one server to another. Import/export user mail’s form storages group using Exmerge. Creating and managing Exchange Recipients like Users, Groups, Mailbox & mailbox policy management. Manage of distribution List.
Maintain routing Groups Connectivity. Exchange Server Database Defragmentation and database recovery & repair. Migration of exchange server (Exchange 5.5 to Exchange 2003, Exchange 2007 and Exchange 2010).
Backup routines deployment, experience with Symantec Net backup, Veritas, Backup Exec, Acronis True image, ARC serve, Retrospect, Data Protection Manager (DPM), Norton Ghost, NT Backup and Paragon. Network Management of
Cisco routers and switches management.
Static, dynamic routing policies development & deployment.
Optical Fiber backbones and SITE-TO-multi SITES links management.
VLANs, VTPs and likewise deployment.
Demarcation point to custom forward delay level.
Configuration of Cisco ASA 5510, 5520 and Juniper Net Screen 5GT firewalls, Cisco 3750E, 3750F, 3560G, 2950 and 500 series catalyst switches. Cisco 2505, 2600, 2800 series routers and firewall Untangle 5.3, 630.
Configuration and monitoring of Ether Channels, Fiber MM, SM, MDBs, Core 4, installation, Clustering Switches, Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), Virtual Trunking Protocol (VTP), LMI, HDLC, PPP, PAP, and Frame relay Clouding, Hub-Spoke Technology, physical and logical interfaces including p2p and p2mp.
Implementation of Castle Rock SNMP manager (NMS), Ipswich what’s up Premium 11.0, NMS of Solar winds.
April, 08 –To Aug, 2011. UNDP ERRA, Prime Minister Sectt. Ibd. DBA/GIS Officer (Network and Systems Administrator)
Accountable for information system of 500+ PCs and 700+ Users.
Responsible for provision of services to computer systems and network users.
Management of installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of software’s of email, Internet, Web, Active Directory (Domain Controller) and consoles for their performance, security and health monitoring.
Supervision/administration of corporate setup of computer information system
(LAN, and WAN) including coordination with 03 ISPs, hosted services over remote locations and 13 sub offices.
Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA 2004, 2006) corporate setup, ARRAY setup. Pilot/Testing Forefront Threat Management Gateway 2010 (TMG).
Installation, configuration and management of Active Directory (Domain Controller, Additional Domain Controller), Forward & Reverse DNS, Microsoft Exchange server, 2k3 and 2k7, ISA 2k4 & 2k6.
Installation, configuration & management of Microsoft Operations Manager, System Centre Operation Manager (SCOM).
RAID1, RAID 2, RAID 5… server building.
RAID servers’ up-gradation, service and management.
LINUX (CentoS4 and CentoS5) based server’s management.
IT infrastructure management based upon hardware IBM E SERIES, x3200, x3400, X3850, DELL Power edge 2900, 2950, AMD64 Opteron.
LAN & WAN Networks Planning and building.
WLAN A/B/G/N (Wireless Networking) Implementation & troubleshooting.
Citrix Xen Server 6.0. 5.6 SP1, SP2,and 5.5, VMware ESXi, ESX, VM visor, Windows 2008 Hyper-V, VMware server 1 and 2, VMware workstation 5, 6, 7, Microsoft Hyper Visor Server 2008, Cloud Setup for enterprise DR site and VMware 3.5 and 4 (Enterprise).
Management of Citrix Presentation / Xen App Server 4.0 and 4.5.
Implementation of MOM, SCOM 2007, SCVMM, WSUS, Free NAS and Active Directory, directory services, DNS.
Implementation of Microsoft Exchange Server 2003, Exchange sever 2007 using Clustered (CCR) Deployment (LCR, SCR Pilot Project), Up-gradation of Domain Controllers of 2003 to 2008 (Active Directory, directory services).
Installation and troubleshooting of Exchange servers 5.5/2003/2007. 31st Mar, 07 – 5th Apr, 08. Mohammad Ali Jinnah Uni. Blue Area, Ibd. Assistant Network Admin cum Computer Network Technician
Awarded pay increment in Jan 2008 considering worthy strivings for the institution.
Information System Management including Installation, configuration of servers Domain Controller (directory services), ADC, DNS, DHCP, Security, WSUS 3.0 server (Update Server), File server, Data server and Backup server of volume of 550+ PCs and 2500+ Users.
Intranet (LAN) designing, Implementations, Configurations and administration.
Corporate procurements of computers and IT accessories.
WLAN (Wireless Networking) implementation and troubleshooting.
Windows 2003 EE based Domain Controller for DMZ intranet.
Setup of forest relation between Jinnah and MAJU domains.
Designing and deployment of organizational units, Groups Policies Domain level, user level, DC level.
Domain user accounts of 2000+ students and employees with security policies.
User Groups with Universal, Domain Local, Global, with security or etc.
Additional Domain Controller (ADC), VPN Server, RADIUS Server.
Complete four floors-based wireless project setup using 802.11GN standard.
Microsoft Windows based Two Email servers one using Ms-Exchange and second with Mailer Daemon mail server.
Complete deployment of Portal including Users management, ONLINE testing, examination system and Teachers websites and courses management.
HEC Research Links: Management of digital library service provided by HEC for researchers and scholars.
Linux based DHCP server using 7 bits sub netting for 510 PCs.
Web Server: One sun-based website using apache server and second Microsoft based, using IIS.
15th Nov 05–1st Apr 07. Askari Leasing Ltd. AWT Plaza, The Mall, Rwp. MIS Officer cum Computer Network Technician
Awarded special incentive increment in pay considering excellent performance in July 2006 in addition to a yearly increment having just seven months of service.
Installation, configuration of server software, desktops, computer accessories, and printers.
Installation, configuration and management of ISA 2004.
User support for computer hardware & software.
Data backups, restoration and recoveries.
Installation, configuration and management of Active Directory (Win2k, Win2k3 Server).
Installation, configuration and management of DNS(Win2k Server, Win2k3 server)
Installation, configuration and management of Mailer Daemon 8.2 (Reg.).
VPN Setup & Implementation for eCIB.
Maintenance and troubleshooting of the systems & network printers.
Installation, configurations & management of WSUS server.
Up-gradation of 100 Mb to GiB network.
Access rules (allow, deny, customized) creation, modifications.
WLAN (Wireless Networking) Implementation and Troubleshooting.
Hardware RAID server’s up-gradation, service and management.
Network cabling I/O, Patch cords making.
MAJOR ASSIGNEMENTS COMPLETED
Windows 2003 EE based Domain Controller for DMZ intranet.
With separate domain maju.edu.pk making a forest relation between Jinnah and MAJU University.
Organizational Units (Designing and developing).
Groups Policies Domain level, user level, DC level.
Domain User Accounts of 2000+ students and Employees with relevant security policies.
User Groups with Universal, Domain Local, Global, with security or etc.
Additional Domain Controller (ADC), VPN Server, RADIUS Server.
Wireless LAN Project:
Complete four floors-based wireless project setup using 802.11g & N STD.
Two EMAIL Servers:
Microsoft Windows based Two Email servers one using Ms-Exchange and second with Mailer Daemon mail server.
Web Portal & Examination System Setup:
Complete deployment of Portal including Users management, ONLINE testing, examination system and Teachers websites and courses management.
HEC Research Links: Management of digital library service provided by HEC for researchers and scholars.
Internet Services Server (ISA 2004/2006): Proxy server using MS-ISA 2004 with SPI features.
DHCP Setup: Linux based DHCP server using 7 bits sub netting for 510 PCs.
Web Server: One sun-based website using apache server and second Microsoft based, using IIS.
FTP Server: Read and write based FTP for MAJU users and remote services.
Information System Management including Installation, configuration of servers Domain Controller (directory services), ADC, DNS, DHCP, Security, WSUS 3.0 server (Update Server), File server, Data server and Backup server. 2004–2005 Saify’s Computer Skills 2nd Floor, Haji Chowk, RWP. Systems Administrator
Management of the Intranet work
Installation and, maintenance LAN & WAN products such as switches
Hubs, patch panels, wiring blocks, face plates, routers.
Installation of UTP cable (CAT 5 and 6).
Installation and troubleshooting of software.
Maintenance and troubleshooting of the systems. Maintain Internet connectivity for the users.
Feb, 2002–Oct, 2004. Neural Technologies. 6th Rd, Rawalpindi. Network Administrator
Installation and troubleshooting of software.
Installation, configuration of Cisco routers, Cisco Switches, RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, Frame Relay, Dynamic and Static routing, VLANs, STP, Inter-VLAN routing and Systems management.
Local Area Network Planning and Implementation
Hardware & Software User support
Data Backups and Recoveries
Windows Active Directory Group Acct Mgt, Internet Service, Users and classes Mgt.
Events Scheduling, Class Scheduling and Seminar Settings.
Hardware purchasing, Hardware installations, configuration and others. Education
Master of Computer Sciences. 2002-2007 Sarhad University of I.T. (SUIT) Bachelors of Science. 1998-2000 Punjab University, Lahore. Intermediate (HSSC). 1994-1997 Federal Board of Inter. & Sec. Edu. Matriculation (SSC). 1992-1994 Rawalpindi Board of Inter. & Sec. Edu. Other Skills
Good communication skills.
Ability to work well in a team as well as individual. Ability to work to meet tight timescales/deadlines. Ability to work under pressure.
Good client facing skills and time management skills. Interests
I.T. information system management, computer system and network administration, surfing, tourism and reading books.
Contact this candidate