Ky Chapple
adzxus@r.postjobfree.com •425-***-****
LinkedIn URL• Bayview, ID 83803
SharePoint Architect & Administrator
Highly analytical professional with excellence in overseeing all aspects of the SharePoint on premise infrastructure, including servers, databases, and applications and SharePoint online M365 platform. Instrumental in delivering technical leadership in terms of design, planning, and execution of SharePoint system design changes, updates, and other initiatives. Excel at delivering exceptional customer experience using collaboration technologies to drive productivity and innovation. Competent in driving strategic IT directions. Proficient in developing processes/procedures for operational excellence and decision-making support throughout the entire project life cycle. Consistently apply ITIL best practices for operations and implementing governance and change management policies.
Areas of Expertise
M365 Collaboration Technology Strategy & Oversite SharePoint 2010, 2016 & Online Teams Administration Power Automate Administration Stream, OneDrive, Viva & Yammer Administration Digital Transformation Collaboration Technologies ITIL Operations Management Change Management Business Partner Content Governance Mobile First Experience IT Management Leadership & Strategy Vendor & Contract Management
Career Experience
STE. Michelle Wine Estates – Woodinville, WA
IS Collaboration Manager/End User Computing Manager/Application Specialist 2020 – Present
Oversee end-to-end activities related to the architecture, operations and stewardship of the collaboration platform and services. Uphold responsibility for operational administration, business partnerships and end user support of the collaboration platforms. Lead development of strategy for the introduction of the Microsoft Viva Employee Experience platform and modernization of intranet, while utilizing SharePoint modern hub design. Execute a streamlined and efficient ways of collaboration using Microsoft Teams for virtual meetings, live events, and virtual town hall meetings.
Valued for effectively managing and supporting the Microsoft M365 SaaS-based platform and environment, providing a reliable and secure platform for business operations.
Operational management of SMWE Intranet built on SharePoint Online. Operational management of Microsoft Teams as primary platform for internal and external collaboration. Responsible for overall collaboration end user experience, training and SharePoint online, on-boarding. Responsible for Microsoft’s Collaboration suite of tools and solutions including but not limited to Microsoft Teams, OneDrive, and Intranet portal (The Vine) hosted on SharePoint Online, Microsoft Stream (Classic) and Stream (On SharePoint) and Yammer (aka Viva Engage) platforms. Operational support includes SharePoint site creation/design/support/training and adoption in partnership with business goals and objectives in alliance with strategic partners/business functions such as HR, Finance, Sales, and Communications.
Streamlined user experience, drove cost savings, and ensured the organization maximize investment in Microsoft solutions with the migration from SharePoint 2010 to Microsoft Teams sites modernizing primary collaboration platform, lead transition from Zoom to Teams online meetings, introduction of external collaboration with Guest access to Teams sites replacing outdated use of SharePoint Classic sites resulting in a more secure method of external collaboration with partners and vendors.
Drove the introduction of Power Apps for Vendor Requests and CSM Work Orders to automate approval processes. Also leverage the use of Power Automate for specific business workflow processes.
Developed a technology roadmap to further a more engaging and efficient digital workplace experience for employees by planning for the introduction of Microsoft Viva Connections and Viva Topics, as well as transitioning to a modern SharePoint site/hub architecture and use of Microsoft Spaces for enhanced user experience.
Zenyx – Bellevue, WA
Customer Experience Architect – Consultant 2019 - 2020
Served as an independent consultant providing experienced technology innovation and leadership to major healthcare insurance provider headquartered in the Seattle metropolitan area.
Partnered with internal IT Architecture organization and End User Experience Support organization focused on improving and modernizing the employee end user experience.
Provided end user experience insights to current initiatives in-work for Microsoft Teams roll-out and transition to support employees working remotely.
Developed a comprehensive End User Experience technology strategy and roadmap to be used by the End User Experience program as part of next steps to meet their initiatives thru 2023.
Point B, Inc. - Seattle, WA
Customer Experience Manager 2019
Steered IT customer experience organizational team as well as high-profile projects, ensuring timely completion within budgetary constraints. Utilized Salesforce and Workday to monitor and track team performance. Managed vendors and administered enterprise software agreements. Designed and allocated organizational budget to ensure the continuation and enhancement of quality services.
Successfully implemented strategic VoC (Voice of Customer) initiatives, while leveraging multiple channels and survey methodologies across the organization to drive specific improvements in services, applications, and support.
Spearheaded all aspects of projects through effective utilization of Waterfall and Agile methodologies with Jira, Microsoft Project, and Microsoft Planner tools.
Partnered with the IT Operations Director, CIO, and other firmwide operations leadership in terms of design and introduction of a new function within IT and developed a Customer Experience Maturity framework and roadmap.
Built ServiceNow and Power BI Service Management dashboards to monitor KPIs and SLA metrics in order to measure the effectiveness of support provided by third-party support partners and firmwide operations personnel to identify areas for continued support improvement.
Technical Infrastructure Manager 2015 – 2019
Coordinated with the IT Operations Director and CIO to oversee IT Technical Infrastructure organization and transition to the cloud. Facilitated team with entire major SaaS business application platforms, such as Office 365, Salesforce, Workday, and ServiceNow by executing Okta Single-Sign-On (SSO) and cloud identity/security management services. Maintained laptop/desktop imaging/provisioning and assisted all associates and contractors. Monitored laptop lease process and leasing contracts.
Managed both the Technical Infrastructure and Collaboration organizations.
Supervised all local networks/internet/telephony and unified communication services across all Point B market offices throughout U.S. leveraged ITIL best practices to lead ITSM service hosted on the ServiceNow platform.
Enhanced efficiency by steering the Technical Infrastructure team, and Help Desk vendors/contractors in strategy, architecture design, implementation, and operations support of Exchange, OneDrive, Skype for Business/Teams, Active Directory, Azure Windows/SQL/storage infrastructure.
Transitioned from Century Link and other hosted infrastructure services to M365 SaaS and Azure PaaS platform.
Administered Technical Infrastructure organization budget and planning.
Collaboration & Media Services Manager 2011 – 2015
Supervised and led Collaboration team, contractors, and vendors. Lead the strategy of the enterprise portal, content planning, architecture, and migration from SharePoint 2010 on-premises to M365 collaboration platform. Oversaw all activities associated with SharePoint on-premises/online environments, content management, and firmwide calls, and on-site events live streaming.
Directed IT collaboration and media services activities through effective partnerships with operations leaders and executives to attain operational excellence.
Negotiated collaboration software agreements and managed business partnerships, enterprise-wide communications, knowledge creation, and firms’ social media services.
Delivered expert-level supervision to the company's budget planning and spearheaded workforce and performance via Salesforce and Workday.
Additional Experience
Service Manager Business Process Analyst SharePoint Architect & Product Manager Portal Product Manager
The Boeing Company - Bellevue, WA
Education & Certifications
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science & Business Administration, Western Washington University, Bellingham, WA
Luma Human Center Design Certification
ITIL v3.0 Certification
Agile Scrum Master Certification
Contact this candidate