Emmanuel Ekanem
PHONE: 240-***-**** E-MAIL: adzyze@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
● Microsoft, Linux, C++, C#, Python, Cloud computing, Information Technology, IT management, Computer Science, AWS, IT infrastructure, Debugging, Troubleshooting, Database design, Database management, Database migration, Project Management, Software development, Agile project management, Arduino. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering, Mechanical Design
Manufacture and Automation Sept 2017-July 2022
University of Electronics Science and Technology,
China. GPA: 3.1/4.0
Master of Science, Information Technology – Jan
2023 - July 2024
Washington University of Science and Technology.
GPA: 4.0/4.0
Relevant courses: Network Systems Design and Management, Database Systems Design and Management, Management of Information Technology, Operating Systems, Information Systems Analysis and Design, Information Technology Team Management, University Computer Foundation, Python and Artificial Intelligence, Digital Image Processing, CAD/CAE Techniques.
EXPERIENCE
Academic projects
● Batch Processed 100 photos using the MATLAB client to append watermarks on all photos.
● Modeled 3D objects, simulated them under various stress scenarios using Auto CAD and CST cable studio, then synthesized, analyzed and compared results using MATLAB and its plotter.
● Built a firefighting robot from scratch, using C++ on the Arduino IDE wrote the code to make it automated and uploaded it to the Arduino Uno board to control the robot.
● Created a robotic arm with a camera sensor for automatic trash sorting and placement, using C++ on the Arduino IDE to control the Arduino based robot.
● Led a team of students to accomplish set goals and produce desired results as an acting project manager, using tools such as Gantt Charts to set and visualize the progress of tasks. Recent Leisure Projects
Leisure Projects - AWS (December 2021 – Present)
● Launched a web application using EC2 instances with an auto scaling group and a loadbalancer attached.
● Created a mass emailing service using aws Lambda connected to AWS SES.
● Developed a server less database on amazon dynamo DB with a Lambda function connected to it for analytic and amazon API gateway to produce a rest API.
● Analyzed data present on an S3 bucket and visualized it using Amazon Athena. Other Leisure Projects
● Used the Linux client to save, transform and move files on a system.
● Created a simple target shooting game using the C# coding language on the unity development platform.
.
Contact this candidate