Hello Steve,
Thank you for using Resume-Now. We have reviewed your resume and would like to offer
some helpful advice and tips for improvement. Below, you will find suggestions for each section of your resume, as well as guidance on how to choose content that highlights your value as a candidate.
Here are my comments and recommendations for you:
Summary
You should always keep your target position in mind. Write your summary to show how your experience and skills will easily translate to your new position. Your summary includes some valuable information but is currently too long. Focus on selecting strong experience-based statements to form a paragraph of 3-5 sentences that showcase your most relevant skills. Skills
You can make this section stand out by reviewing the job ad you’re applying for and including any specific skills, abilities and experience beneficial for the new role. This section is off to a great start, but some thoughtful revisions will strengthen the resume to truly showcase your talents. List at least 6-8 skills and be sure to choose an even number to create a balanced appearance. Additionally, try to use more specific language and industry- related terminology to highlight your knowledge and experience. Work Experience
It can be difficult to decide what to include in job descriptions. One strategy is to think in terms of how you made a difference. Describe what impact you had, what you changed or what you improved while in the position.
I see you’ve selected some strong experience statements, but including too much content here will likely detract from highlighting your experience. I suggest creating 4-6 unique, verb-leading, and highly relevant bullet points for each position in the last 10 years and eliminate information on anything older.
Here are some questions to ask yourself to help identify what experience would be beneficial: What would your manager say were your strengths?
What projects did you work on? What were the results? Did you manage others, work on a team or serve customers? What did you accomplish? Education
Use this section to highlight your formal education and degrees for the hiring manager. You also can add in awards, courses, projects, and extracurriculars, but focus on the ones that are most related to your target job. Keep it clear, scannable, and relevant. If you have a list of additional training and credentials to include on your resume, such as apprenticeships, licenses, or certifications, create a separate section for them. If you have only one, this is a good place to add it and get it noticed. Grammar
Remember to proofread your resume carefully at least twice before submitting it to potential employers. Don't rely solely on spellcheck, as it may miss some errors. Any grammar mistake, no matter how small, can negatively impact your chances of securing an interview. Conclusion
We hope that our feedback has been useful and that you find it valuable in your job search. By incorporating our suggestions and tips, you will better showcase your skills and qualifications and improve your chances at getting an interview. Wishing you the best of luck with your job search! Resume Review Team
www.resume-now.com
adzyzl@r.postjobfree.com
Resume Readiness Checklist
Go to www.resume-now.com to edit your resume.
Proofread your resume at least twice for spelling and grammar mistakes. Use design tools to give your resume a professional polish. Download your resume and apply!
Don’t forget to create a new version of your resume for each job you apply to. Put the Finishing Touches on Your Resume with our Resume Writers ! Our resume experts will
Fix spelling and grammar mistakes before employers see them Enhance your work history with powerful action verbs to showcase your strengths Update your resume with the latest industry keywords Your order also includes full 14-day complimentary access to our fast and easy Resume Builder! Try it now!: https://www.resume-now.com/resume-writing.
Contact this candidate