Aashwin Gaur Contact: Cell-829-***-**** Email - ac0tl1@r.postjobfree.com
A highly motivated engineer, with a keen dedication to work hard both individually or as a part of a team, apply my technical knowledge and expand my skill set. Looking for entry level roles entailing embedded development in a creative, technology-driven organization with an environment that encourages innovative thinking, recognition, and career development.
Skills
• Efficient in – C and embedded C,
- Linux Systems Programing
- Python
• Hands on experience working with micro-controllers such as 8051,AVR,ARM, and development boards such as Rapberry-pi and arduino exploiting various peripherals such as ADC, Timers,LCD,GPIO and UART,PWM.
• Theoretical knowledge on embedded communication protocols such as I2C and SPI .
• Basics of Real Time Operating Systems such as Chibi-Os, VxWorks, FreeRtos. Working with various operating system functions such as thread management, and using semaphores and mutexes.
• Comfortable with Embeeded Software Tools – KEIL,Tornado and Atmel Studio. Academic Qualifications
1. High School( CLASS X) -2007 Sacred Heart Convent School,Obra, U.P. 93.4% 2. Senior Secondary(CLASS -XII)-2009 Bhardtiyam Vidya Niketan,Gwalior, M.P. 82% 3. B-Tech (Electronics and
Communication) -2015
Manav Bharti University,Solan, H.P. 68.24%
4. PG-Diploma (Embedded System
Design)-2017
N.I.E.L.I.T., Calicut, Kerela Currently Pursuing
Projects Undertaken
Mini Projects :
1. Developed famous games like i/ Ping Pong,ii/ BlackJack, iii/Space Rocks using Python GUI programming and event driven interactive programming. 2. Line follower robot using infrared senors and dc motors and Obstacle avoidance robot using ulatrasonic sensors and dc motors on the arduino board and the arduino environment. Major Project :
Web Controlled Surveillance Robot with live streaming and locomotive capabilities. The main circuit board used was raspberry pi which acted as a brain of the robot both for controlling various sensors and actuators . It also acted a server for hosting the website through which we could send commands to the robot for wheel motion (using dc motors ) and camera motion control (using servo motors). A 5 meg-pix webcam acted as the eyes of the robot which provided uninterruped livestream using mjpg streamer . The camera was connected to servo motors to provide “left”,”right”,”up”,”down” motion for changing the view . The webpage had a live video streaming window and various control buttons for the robot . It also had a data table for providing realtime measurements of an ultrasonic sensor attached to the robot . Languages used were – Python, HTML, PHP, CSS and Javascript . Personal Dossier
Date of Birth: 14-08-1991
Nationality: Indian
Languages Known: Hindi,English
Contact this candidate