Nandha Kumar. M
+91-974*******
acrcyh@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

Hardworking Electronics professional with an ability to think analytically and find creative solutions to problems, seeking an opportunity to work with Electronics Company.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

Completed Bachelor of Engineering in ECE stream at PSNA College of Engineering & technology, Anna University with CGPA 7.17 [ Aggregate of 7.10 ]-Apirl2015.
Completed 12thGrade From AVMS Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Ramanathapuram with 90.58% -March2011.
Completed 10thGrade From AVMS Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Ramanathapuram with 85.4% - March2009.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

CORE DOMAIN
MPLAB V8.50.
PROTEUS V8.0.
Arduino Microcontroller.
PIC Microcontroller.
Cadence ORCAD 16.5(certification course).
CadSoft EAGLE 6.4.
PCB designing.

IT PROFICIENCY
Sound knowledge in C as well as Embedded C.
Microsoft Office 2007/10.
Windows XP, Vista 7 & 8.
Microsoft Office Package: Word, Power Point.
Internet Browsers: Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome & Opera.

AREA OF INTEREST:
Embedded system /Robotics.
Electron devices and circuits.
Microprocessors and Microcontrollers.
PCB Designing.

HOBBY PROJECTS:

Project1:

Title: Thermometer using Arduino Uno.

Project summary:

The main objective of the project is to display the current temperature in the 16x2 LCD display. It shows three status of
temperature such as Hot, Medium and Cold. It also blinks three leds such as RGB (Sep leds) twice based upon the temperature
and make a siren alarm if the temperature is very hot.

Tools used: Arduino Uno, LM35DZ, 16x2 LCD, RGB leds, Siren (piezo buzzer).

Project2:

Title: Temperature Controlled DC fan using PIC Microcontroller.

Project Summary:

In this project I have used a very famous 8 bit PIC Microcontroller ( PIC16F877A). LM35DZ is connected to one analog
Channel to sense the temperature such that if the temperature is low, I reduce the PWM for the motor in CCP pin of PIC
Similarly if the temperature is HIGH I send 100 % duty cycle PWM signal to the motor output( CCP pin). I used DC motor
here,we can also implement it to switch heavy loads such as AC fans by using the Relay.

Tools used : PIC16F877A, L293D, 12v DC Motor.

Project3:

Title: Line follower Robot using Arduino Uno.

Project Summary:

I designed it in such a way that it will follow the black line in a white surface. I placed two ir sensors at the front near the castor
Wheel and connect those signals to two analog pins of Arduino. I note the value for ir sensor in black and white surface using
Serial monitor and based on that value I switched the motors( left and right motors ) to move the vehicle. We can also add
add another ir sensor for obstacle avoidance.

Tools used: Arduino Uno, 12v DC Motor, IR sensors, L293D.

ACADEMIC PROJECT:

Title : An Implementation of Bomb Diffusion Using Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV).

Project summary:

The main objective of this project is to detect and diffuse the bomb remotely operated by human at any corner of the world.
I have used Raspberry pi in order to control the UGV and the main control is given to it in such a way that it acts like
Encoder and atmega328 act like the decoder in which the motor drivers are attached. The motion of the UGV and
Movement of the arm are given to the motors.

Tools used: Raspberry pi Model B+, Arduino Uno (Atmega328).

MINI PROJECTS:

Project 1:
Title : Simple locker alarm circuit.

Project Summary :

I used a NPN transistor here and make voltage divider using LDR and 10k resistor. As we know that whenever
light falls on LDR, its resistance will become low to k ohm range ( initially in dark its resistance will be in M Ohm
range), so when intruder tries to open locker in a Shop during NIGHT time illegally, alarm will rise since he will use
to search and see the locker.

Tools used : BC547, LDR, piezo buzzer.

Project 2:

Title : Remote operated car.

Project summary:

This remote car can be operated nicely within 30 metres in a free space. No microcontroller is being used here. I used RF
Transmitter and Receiver instead for wireless control which operates at 433Mhz. Respective encoders and decoders have been
attached such that encoder is attached in transmitter module and decoder in Receiver module. DC Motors are connected to
Bridge circuit to Control the direction of the motor.
.

Tools used : RF Module ( 433 MHz), HT12E ( Encoder ), HT12D( Decoder ), L293D ( H- Bridge), DC motors.

ACHIEVEMENTS:

Participated in “Circuit Debugger” event and won 3rd place-PSNA CET.
Participated in “Circuit Constructor” event and won 3rd place-PSNA CET.
Cleared Business English Certificate (Preliminary) with Europe level A2 from Cambridge University.
Secured State First Mark in Mathematics during my 12th Grade- March2011.

SOFT SKILLS
Positive Attitude/ Motivation.
Communication Skills.
Flexibility/Adaptability.
Problem Solving.

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:

Designed various hobby projects during the academic.
Attended workshop in “Sixth Sense Robotics” and learnt about the basic working of a robot- BIT, Erode.
Actively participated and won several certifications during School Studies.
Received Merit Certification on a yearly basis from KG studies till 12th Grade during School Studies.

PERSONAL TRAITS:

Father’s name : N.Murali Krishnan.
DOB : 12th Sep 1993.
Nationality : Indian.
Address :, Sivan Kovil North Street,
Velipattinam,
Ramanathapuram-623504,
Tamilnadu.
Languages : Tamil (S/R/W) & English (S/R/W).
Hobbies : Gym / Body Building. .

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that all the above said details are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 21-08-2015
Place: Bangalore. (Nandha Kumar. M)
Contact this candidate