Ragunathan Samivelu

No **Q, Meena Nagar, Kaali palayam main (St)
Soli palayam, Aval Poodurai, Erode -638115

Email: acuicd@r.postjobfree.com
Phone No: +91-975*******

Objective

To achieve a Professional career where my talents and skills can grow along with the Organization.

Synopsis

Experience in Embedded C Programming and Real Time Operating System (RTOS) for 6 months.
Post Graduate Diploma in Embedded Systems Design from CDAC, Bangalore.
M.Tech in Advanced Communication Systems from SASTRA University, Thanjavur.
Extensive experience in MATLAB for 10 months from Department of Space, NARL, Gadanki.
4 years of work experience as Assistant Professor in ECE Department at Erode Sengunthar Engineering College, Erode.

Core Competencies

AVR Controllers
Serial Communication Protocols
ARM Controllers
-UART
Socket Programming
-SPI
MATLAB
-I2C
-SIMULINK
-CAN

Achievements
Secured Third Prize in the Intra Department Paper Presentation function.
Participated in District level “Quiz” Program and won Second Prize.

Projects

Vehicle Speed Measurement System (Platform: Embedded System Design @ CDAC)

The purpose of this project is to measure the speed of a vehicle entering inside the campus. For this STM32F407VG board is used along with two RFID readers. The RFID readers can communicate with the STM32 Discovery board through SPI protocol. The speed is calculated by measuring the time taken by the vehicle to cross the distance between the readers.

Analysis of LIDAR Signal with Wavelet Neural Networks

LIDAR – ‘Light Detection and Ranging’ is a technique in which a beam of Light that interacts with medium under study and scatters back to the lidar receiver. The Backscattered signal is processed with Wavelet neural network, which has a self learning and adaptive capability to increase the signal strength.

Lossless Video Sequence Compression Using Adaptive Prediction

This Video Compression technique adaptively utilized spatial and temporal Redundancies. Pixel based predictor, which exploits the motion information among adjacent Frames using extremely low side information, finally achieved good compression ratio.

Generalized Wireless Video Transmission

It involves short range wireless transmission of live video/other video Signal, which is processed in Audio/Video mixer kit.

Academic credentials

Post Graduate Diploma in Embedded Systems Design from CDAC, Bangalore in the year of 2016.
Masters in Technology from SASTRA University, Thanjavur in the year of 2011.
Bachelors of Engineering from M.P.N.M.J Engineering College, Chennimalai in the year of 2009.

Personal Portfolio

Name : Ragunathan S
Father’s Name : Samivelu S
Date of Birth : 6th June 1988
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Single

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my Knowledge. Yours sincerely,

[S.Ragunathan]
Contact this candidate