SAYANTAN BHATTACHARYYA
+91-997*******
acurmc@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Be a part of product development eco-system that will enable me to utilize my technical skills, domain experience and educational background, ability to work well with people and to grow with opportunities.
Experience Summary
For 9.5 years working as an embedded C/C++ developer in Telecom and Embedded Product Engineering and development division, in companies like Cisco Systems, Huawei Technologies & Wipro Technologies.
Currently working in Cisco Systems India Pvt. Ltd. (27th June 2012 – Till Date) Area of Work: Data Center Solutions (Cisco UCS Rack Servers). Involved in the firmware Development in Linux environment, for the Baseboard Management Controllers of the servers.
Earlier worked in Huawei Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. (12th April 2010 – 22nd June 2012) Area of Work: Transmission network software. Was involved in the research and development of the Path Computation Element (standard RFC 4655, RFC 4657) in the GMPLS control plane, and successfully developed the Path Computation Element Protocol (RFC5440), for the optical routing devices used in the transmission network, in real time operating system environment
(VxWorks), and Windows server platform.
Earlier worked in Wipro Technologies for Alcatel Lucent (31st July 2006 – 09th April 2010) Area of Work: Access Network software. For client Alcatel-Lucent IP-DSLAM product (ISAM). Offshore Experience: Involvement in the development & maintenance activities of various platform & protocol domains (TCP/IP, Socket Layer, L2-L3 protocols), in real time operating system environment (VxWorks).
Onsite experience (Antwerp, Belgium): Development of the SFP/XFP drivers, Temperature Sensor drivers, and Network Controller board bring up. Achievements & Career Highlights
Remained Exceptional performer (5 out of 5) in Cisco for 3 years in a row.
Exhibited constant interest and endeavor towards research & development, through which innovated some useful ideas some of which has been filed to USPTO by Cisco, for granting US patent. The application in in Pending state and will take some time to publish.
Due to exceptional performance, it’s been a highly rewarding tenure in Cisco Systems, and won numerous awards in Cisco for the outstanding performance.
Always received Exceptional/Outstanding rating in Appraisals throughout the career.
Outstanding customer feedback, for developing high quality software in onsite, and the commitment shown towards taking the ownership of the project and for the ability to perform beyond limits.
Was chosen to be the key talent of Wipro (best 5% employees of overall organization) in 2008-2009
Won several project & organization level awards for excellent performance as software developer.
Education Summary
West Bengal University of Technology (2002-2006) : B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering
– with First Class (78.1%)
West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education (2000 -2002) : (Standard XII) - 87.5%
West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (Passout 2000) : (Standard X) - 88.875% Career Interests
1. Software design and development in Telecom & Embedded Systems. 2. Innovations
Innovations
1. Filed a US patent as well as India Patent on server fan control. Patent in Pending state. LINK: PROFILE BASED FAN CONTROL FOR COMPUTING DEVICES
- USPTO application#(14/560,916), India Patent#(2333/DEL/2014) Publications
1. Publication on distributed fault management in computing devices in Prior Art Database
(available to all patent examiners worldwide).
LINK: DISTRIBUTED FAULT MANAGEMENT FOR COMPUTING DEVICES Open Source Contributions
Contributed enhancements & fixes to Monkey Webserver Open Source community. LINK: MONKEY WEBSERVER OPEN SOURCE
Skills Set
Area of Expertise Version
Programming
Languages
C,C++
Operating system VxWorks, Linux, Windows
Others Windows.
PDLC used Agile, Waterfall
Office Skills MS Word, Excel, Power point
Tools SVN, Clearcase, Purify, GDB, Ethereal
Training/Workshop
Successfully completed the VxWorks 6.x Workshop conducted by Wind River. Domain Knowledge
Experience:
In the Cisco UCS servers, worked in Board Management Controller firmware where developed various platform software like – Fan Control Algorithm, Secure Boot, Dual SD Card Management, Out Of Band Management of Storage Controllers, Fault Engine/Distribute Fault Management, Boot Order Management etc.
Solid experience in designing and implementing optimized, scalable, high performing embedded software in Linux and VxWorks environment.
Hand on experience in the Linux user space and kernel space debugging.
Knowledge of Board Management Controller & IPMI standard.
Currently researching on Redfish & REST API services for the management controllers in the UCS servers.
Expert of multithreaded environment and pthread programming in Linux.
Good understanding of various L2 - L7 protocols like DHCP, PPP, TCP, IP, ARP, SSH, PCEP.
Hands on experience with RTOSs like VxWorks & Integrity OS. Dealt with embedded system concepts closely.
Good understanding about the protocol stack, from Layer 2 till socket layer and socket programming. Have worked in the implementation and solving many issues of socket layer.
Good understanding about the routing protocols like OSPF, CSPF (Constraint Based Shortest Path First).
Was involved in the development of the transmission network Path Computation Element Protocol (PCEP, RFC5440).
Have been involved in various component designs and the implementation of the Standalone Path Computation Element Server for the Optical Network.
Very good experience in UNIX/Linux System programming & Network Programming.
Worked in IP-DSLAM in various protocol features like relaying of various kind of protocol packets e.g DHCP Relay, PPPoE Relay. Worked in the implementation of DHCP Relay in IP-DSLAM. Hence have good concept about the relaying features.
Worked in the IP stack stability test, where designed the test environment with the help of Observer Pattern. Familiar with Object Oriented Design Patterns.
Have fair understanding about management protocols like SNMP. Have fair understanding about the SNMP Agent and MIB implementations.
Worked in platforms (RTOS) like VxWorks & Integrity OS. Well aware of the RTOS related issues like scheduling policies, race conditions & many other RTOS concepts. Fixed many bugs related to these topics.
Good knowledge of DSL concepts & various DSL flavors like ADSL, ADSL2/2+, SHDSL, VDSL, VDSL2 etc.
Knowledge of TL1 in creating the user interface for IP-DSLAM. Implemented many TL1 commands using C++ to manage IP-DSLAM.
While onsite in Antwerp, Belgium, worked in the SFP/XFP Drivers and temperature sensor drivers.
Professional Experience
1. Platform Software Development for Data Center Products Company Cisco Systems
Role Platform Software Development Engineer
Team Size 30
Project
Description
R&D service
Product : Unified Computing System Data Center Product Duration: 3 year 7 months
Environment: Linux.
Product Overview:
The product is a Data Center Solution (Rack Server) product, part of Cisco Server Business Unit (Unified Computing System). My role in this is to develop platform specific software and also in some cases, application design and development. Language : C/C++
2. PATH COMPUTATION ELEMENT CLIENT/SERVER
Company Huawei Technologies
Role Technical Project Leader (Protocol & Platform Development) Team Size 15
Project
Description
R&D service
Product : Path Computation Element Client/Server
Duration: 2 years 2 months
Environment: Vxworks/Windows.
Product Overview:
The product is a Client Server model supposed to be used in the core Transmission Network. This technology is an upcoming technology and the project is in an R&D mode. The basic idea is to come up with a standalone Path Computation Element in the Transmission Network that can compute Inter-Domain (across several OSPF areas) path in the MPLS network.
Language : C
3. IP-DSLAM
Company Wipro Technologies
Role Senior Software Developer (Development, Enhancement, Bug Fixing, Subsystem Testing )
Team Size 80
Project
Description
R&D service
Product : Alcatel-Lucent IP-DSLAM (Digital Subscriber Line Access Multiplexer), ISAM Duration: 3 years 8 months
Environment: Vxworks/Integrity, Solaris.
Product Overview:
The product is an IP DSLAM which provides triple play over the DSL technology in the Access Network. It is a Layer 2 device (with partial L3 features supported by the n/w side switch), switching Ethernet frames. Even though the user data coming from the CPEs will be ATM cells, IP-DSLAM will strip off the ATM header and forward thee Ethernet Frames towards backbone n/w. So this is typically an Ethernet DSLAM or IP DSLAM. The device has both Data Plane as well as Control Plane. This device is a kind of user gateway where all the end user data in aggregated and multiplexing of n/w & user side request- responses is the sole responsibility of it.
Language : C, C++
Wipro Certification
3. L2 (Layer two Technology).
4. DSL technology(Digital subscriber line)
5. C Language Level-101 (UCF-1.1), C Language Level-201 (UCF-2.2) Certification Huawei Certification
1. Advanced C Language Certification.
2. Certification on Basic Agile Practice
Extracurricular and Interests
Music, Painting, Reading Story Books
Personal Information
Name : Sayantan Bhattacharyya
Date of Birth : 16th November 1983
Marital Status : Married
Can reach me : 099********
: acurmc@r.postjobfree.com
Address of Residence : House#2709, 18th Main, 5th Cross, HAL 2nd Stage, Indiranagar, Bangalore-560008
Permanent Address : C/o Mr. Somnath Bhatacharyya, 54/12 P.C. Banerjee Road, Dakshineswar, Kolkata-700076
Contact this candidate