Page * of *
GEOVANNY SEBASTIAN ARGUDO COBOS
**** **** ***. *** ***, Cincinnati, Ohio 45219
Phone: 513-***-****, Email: acxmv6@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
Master of Computer Engineering, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio December 2015 Graduation Project: Design and Implementation of a Digital Leveler. o Documented the design using UML use cases, unit tests, class diagrams, and sequence charts. o It consisted of an FPGA board and a PIC24 board which communicated through UART. It used a display to show the user the measurements from a 3D accelerometer. Relevant Coursework:
o Embedded Systems
o Operating Systems
o Database Management
o Intelligent Systems
o Compiler theory and practice
o Computer Architecture
Bachelor of Electronics Engineering, Salesian Polytechnic University, Cuenca, Ecuador July 2012 Graduation Project: Electronic Control System for a Tele-operated Mobile Robot o It was a University funded, multidisciplinary project which took 2 years to complete. o The monograph for this project was published with ISBN # 978-3-659-10098-7 o The central processor was a computer mainboard that ran a Linux OS and was programmed using C++ with the help of open software tools such as POSIX and UDP Sockets. The program implemented concepts such as state machines, multithreading and IPC. o The system consisted additionally of an Arduino for DAQ, sensors for temperature, humidity, voltage, light, motor speed, cameras for 3D vision, gyroscope, DC motor controller, batteries, and personalized PCBs. The control software on the user side was developed with LabVIEW. Relevant Coursework:
o Programming
o Microcontrollers
o Computer Networks
o Electronics Design
o Artificial Intelligence
o Control Theory
o Robotics
o Communications
Associate of Electronics, Salesian Polytechnic University, Cuenca, Ecuador March 2010 Graduation Project: Control of a mobile platform through a web page o It consisted of a Microcontroller programmed in C which acted as a web server. Relevant Coursework:
o Analog Electronics
o Digital Electronics
o Instrumentation
o Electric Machines
o Mathematics
o Physics
Additional coursework: Software Construction in Java, Foundations of Computer Graphics, Modeling Engineered Systems, CNC machines, Anthropomorphic robotic arms, Machine Learning. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Development Methodologies: CMM, V-cycle, Agile, UML Software Tools: CodeBlocks IDE, Mathworks “Matlab”, Microsoft “Visual Studio”, Eclipse, National Instruments “Labview”, Autodesk “Inventor”, “Altium Designer”, Labcenter “Proteus”, Microchip “MPLAB X”, Altera “Quartus”, Linux OS
Programming Languages and Compilers: C, C++, C#, Java, Python, Delphi, Matlab, Simulink, PIC and AVR C compilers, Arduino, Html, javascript, jUnit, SQL, Verilog, VHDL, LaTeX Machines and Equipment: electrical measuring devices, oscilloscope, soldering stations, programmable logic controllers, PCB prototyping CNC machine, CNC milling machines, anthropomorphic robotic arms Page 2 of 2
WORK EXPERIENCE
PEGASUS Technical Services, Cincinnati, Ohio October 2015 - Present PROGRAMMER
Project: EPANET simulation engine optimization and GUI extension Main activities:
o Modified a simulation engine dll written in C in order to make it run faster o Developed GUI extension for a program written in Delphi 7 that gives the user access to measurement data located on a SQL database in order to compare it with simulation results. Additional activities:
o Created GUI program written in C# with WPF objects. o Updated and documented a LabView program used for a water concentrator machine. o Developed Excel macros written in VBA for automated data manipulation. o Developed a custom geoprocessing tool written in Python for ESRI ArcMap Salesian Polytechnic University, Cuenca, Ecuador February 2014 – July 2014 RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Project: Gearbox fault diagnosis based on vibration signal analysis Activities:
o Programmed Matlab software which implemented artificial intelligence algorithms, such as Neural Networks, Fuzzy Logic, ANFIS and Genetic Algorithms. It was used for classification, clustering, dimensionality reduction and data visualization.
o Created a Matlab GUI for easy testing with different parameters. Analyzed output results from tests. CADITEX, Cuenca, Ecuador November 2012 – June 2014 DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER
Project: Design of Laser cutting and marking machines Activities:
o Designed, built and programmed in C, a custom microcontroller embedded system to control a cooling machine.
o Implemented personalized software for human interface in C#. o Designed mechanical structures and mechanisms for different product models. o Designed electronic equipment distribution and interconnection using 3D tools. SODETEL, Cuenca, Ecuador January 2012 - December 2012 SYSTEMS DESIGNER AND INSTALLER
Activities:
o Designed and installed electronic systems for automation, security, and communications. Independent Projects July 2010 – December 2011
ELECTRONICS ENGINEER
Project: Design and Implementation of Five Industrial Instrumentation Didactic Banks o Implemented the control software and graphical user interface for the banks utilizing LabVIEW. o Involved in the development of industrial automation systems. Used and calibrated sensory equipment for: temperature, object detection, distance, strain, acceleration, tank level, flow. o Programmed programmable logic controllers and data acquisition equipment. Project: Design and Implementation of a 6 feet LED Rotating Display o Programmed a microcontroller in C.
o Implemented concepts of multiplexing and synchronization. Project: Design and Implementation of a Custom Development Board for microcontrollers o Designed PCB using Altium Designer according to user requirements. o Researched and chose electronic components on websites such as Digikey and Mouser. o Took into account all possible applications including the use of SPI, I2C, RS232, USB, ADC, DAC, etc.
Contact this candidate