Saher M. Al-Khrayyef
**** ***** *** ****, ****** Hills, MI 48326
313-***-**** * acy5ce@r.postjobfree.com
Career Focus: Electrical/Embedded Systems Engineer Saher Al-Khrayyef is an Embedded Systems master’s student skilled to working with multiple programming languages and to utilizing knowledge in technological problems troubleshooting and solving. Self-generator, quick and accurate learner to perform complex tasks, motivated, strong team player, multi-task oriented, a hard-working person and committed, and eagerly looking to learn new things and new programing languages. Education:
Master of Science Embedded Systems Expected Graduation: May 2017 Oakland University, Rochester, MI
Bachelor of Information Technology, Computer Information Systems. May 2009 Philadelphia University, Amman, Jordan
Experience:
Continental Automotive System July 2016- Present
Auburn Hills, MI
Basic Software Development Intern/Powertrain Department
Develop scripts to automate testing for reprogramming Electronic Control Unit (ECUs or Electronic Module) through CAN communication using different protocols (services) for developing the scripts.
Use CANalyzer to monitor and analysis results and use CAPL browser for program development.
Test and validate scripts.
Develop scripts for reprogramming Secondary Boot Loader (SBL).
Set up a bench for testing purpose.
Oakland University Sep 2015 – May 2016
Rochester, MI
Teaching Assistant
Set up the labs, prepared for experiments, explained theoretical class-related material and practical lab-related material as well material to students, taught students how to build electric and electronic circuits as well as using different measurement tools and devices such as, function generator, o-scope, multi-meter and circuit board, also, assisted professors in grading classes, helped student in their class projects and answered their class related questions. Muhyiddin Ibn Arabi School, Al-Ramtha, Jordan Sep 2008- Oct 2010 Al Shajara High School, Al-Ramtha, Jordan Sep 2010- July 2012 Computer Lab Supervisor
Diagnosed and resolved hardware and software issues.
Helped students using computers.
Installed software and/or operating system as needed.
Resolved student issues and problems quickly and effectively. Course Projects:
Parametric Arithmetic Floating Point Number Nov – Dec 2015
Worked on creating parametric arithmetic floating point numbers that process summation, subtraction, and multiplication. We used Zynq 7000 Board, VHDL.
Rock-Papers-Scissors Game Nov – Dec 2015
Worked on creating Rock-Papers-Scissors game. We connected two Dragon 12 Plus Boards by using Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI). We used C language and Code Warrior Freescale IDE to implement our project. Both of tools worked well on the HCS12 microcontroller. Digital Stop Watch Project March – April 2015
Worked on creating stop watch system to measure the time elapsed from the start time to stop the digital watch. Used the most useful functionalities which were start, stop and reset. Used Nexys4 Artix-7 FPGA Board and VHDL language.
Smart System of Ultrasonic Car Avoiding Obstacle Project March – April 2015
Worked on a car to avoid objects, the system should measure the distance between the car and an object. If there are any objects in front of the car, the system should check on the left or right sides of the car’s frame, if there is no object on left side the car should go to left. The same way should work for the right direction. We used Arduino board and Arduino IDE to implement our project. Exam Generation System Jun - April 2009
Created an application for a fictional specific utility that allows generating an exam of random questions different topics nature. Application created by using Visual Basic and MySQL. Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: Visual Basic, C, CAPL, VHDL, HTML, Assembly, Java, Javascript. Testing Tools: CANalyzer, Function Generator, and Oscilloscope Hardware tools: Lauterbach
Software Applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Operating Systems: Windows 7/Vista/ 8.
Languages
Arabic - Native Language.
English.
Activities
Orientation Day for International Students at Oakland University, Volunteer.
Contact this candidate