Leonardo Rafael Sionzon
Resident Hachioji-shi, Tokyo, Japan
Phone +81-70-416*-**** Email ad1v7d@r.postjobfree.com
Nationality Philippines Marital Status Married
Citizenship Filipino DOB 02, 16, 1986
English
PROFILE:
● I am a passionate Systems Developer geared towards developing applications and designing systems for embedded environments. I have experience in both developing and designing applications that run on embedded environments and developing embedded systems. My experience is not limited to embedded environments but also in building desktop applications and creating tools for development. I develop tools to automate development and business process to speed up the development cycle and decrease human errors. EDUCATIONAL BACKGOUND:
● University of San Carlos, Cebu, Philippines (2003- 2007) o B.S., Computer Science, Magna Cum Laude
CERTIFICATIONS:
● PhilNITS Fundamental IT Engineers Certification (2007) AREAS OF EXPERTISE:
● Leadership, Mentoring and Training, Team Collaboration and Cross-Function, Design, Development Desktop Applications and Embedded Devices.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES:
● Image Processing: OpenCV
● Infrastructure, Operations, and Tools: Git, Jenkins, VS Code, Visual Studio, ROS, SQLite, Yocto
● OS Platforms: Linux (Debian), Windows
● Programming/Scripting: C, C++11, Python, C#, Shell script
● Communication: English, Tagalog
EXPERIENCE:
March 2016 - Present – Adtec Corp, Tokyo, Japan
IoT Solutions Department – IoT Software Engineer
● Software Developer for in-house developed embedded boards which includes system startup and application development.
● As a distributor of Toradex boards in Japan, pre-sales and after sales support of customers who are aiming or developing embedded systems using Toradex boards. Support includes inquires about the software as well as developing base platforms for customers. One of the base platforms can boot Linux in under 1 second.
● Development and maintenance of modules for an Elevator Monitoring System. Modules include Linux kernel, Battery Monitor, Elevator Carriage Monitor and System Log Leonardo Rafael Sionzon
Technologies used in the projects:
● Python, C, C++11, Git, Cronjob, Shell script, wxWidgets, Linux/POSIX APIs, Yocto, ROS, PCL, OpenCV, Stereoscopic camera, MQTT, LTE
● Development of a card function tester using raspberry pi to diagnose the function of an embedded device from the factory. The card function tester checks the different functions and determines if the embedded device meets the standards.
● Design and development of software stack for a Dissolve Oxygen(DO) sensor for monitoring the water quality of a fishery.
● Design and development of middleware API for interprocess communication of a test and measuring device. The aim of the middleware API is to provide a uniform and fast messaging between the running processes of the system.
● Design and develop a system for detecting LED traffic cones. Once the LED traffic cones are detected, they are marked and monitored if they have fallen out of place. If a LED traffic cone is detected to be out of place, the system will then send an alarm to the personnel using low power radio frequency received by a terminal.
● Develop a system to detect irregularities in a pipe using stereoscopic camera and Eddy-current Testing coils. The result is a system that can detect irregularities of pipes in dark conditions where environment lightning is not optimal.
● Design and develop automatic exposure setting for a SLAM robot. The result is an improvement of white line detection under a variety of daylight conditions.
● Design and develop image processing algorithm to cancel vibrations in real-time video feed. The result is a system that cancels vibration noise using only software and can run on real-time.
● Led a team in creating a base platform for Toradex which can boot Linux in under 1 second.
● Kernel integration support and function test of LTE Modules from different vendors.
● Design and support of OTA updates of apps and kernel for Elevator Monitoring System.
● Develop card function tests for the Elevator Monitoring System to detect defects during manufacturing as well as develop system of identifying hardware boards by use of QR code. This eliminated duplicate hardware IDs and sped up the manufacturing by 20%.
● Development and maintenance of modules for an Elevator Monitoring System. Modules include Linux kernel, Battery Monitor, Elevator Carriage Monitor and System Log.
● Support and test Diablo Memory device for pre-sales application. Explain benchmark results and perform demonstrations of the capabilities of Diablo Memory.
● Design and develop test tools for storage devices using SATA protocol. September 2014 – February 2016 -Lexmark R&D Corp, Cebu, Philippines Scanner Host Team – Scanner Firmware Engineer
● Part of the development team for development of Scanner firmware with emphasis on scanner queues and settings.
Technologies used in the projects:
● C++, Linux, Jenkins, Git
● Develop message passing protocol from Printer Queue to Scanner Queue. Result was a decrease in development time for future message types as previous protocol does not allow variable message parameters.
October 2011 – September 2014 - i-Bridge, Yokohama, Japan Lead Software Engineer
● Lead different teams in designing and developing products and solutions for customer requirements. Initiate processes to improve the efficiency of development for both in-house and customer use. This results in receiving additional customer contracts and increase customer trust. Technologies used in the projects:
● Python, Visual C/C++, Qt, C#, Windows, .Net 3.5 Framework, Jenkins, Git
● Led the design and development of Konica Minolta Page Scope Direct Print Application, a desktop application for managing printer settings. Initiated the development of tools to improve localization Leonardo Rafael Sionzon
development by providing a framework to automate the inclusion of localization strings directly from the translators. This resulted in 0 bugs from the developers when new translations are added.
● Led the design and development of an E-Paper Product Price Labels for automated update and display of price labels in grocery stores. Develop the framework for creating and rendering different barcode standards.
● Led the development of Windows XPS driver for Konica Minolta Printers. Develop automated build tools and automated unit tests for customer releases.
● Part of a team in developing E-Paper tablet for educational use. Develop optimizations for handwriting display and porting of GDB to the hardware platform for aid in debugging. April 2007 – October 2011 -Lexmark R&D Corp, Cebu, Philippines Firmware Engineer
● Firmware Engineer for developing and supporting the graphics module of the printer firmware and printer language processor.
Technologies used in the projects:
● C, Linux, Git
● Develop rotating functions for bitmaps which can handle multibit data. This provided more portability to the device by not relying on hardware to provide the functions. This resulted in code reusability across hardware platforms.
● Maintenance and support of customer requirements for printer languages such as PCL5 and PCL6.
● Design and develop the framework for multithreaded support of the printer language processors. This allows the printer language processor to handle multiple print jobs simultaneously.
● Maintenance and support for the printer software simulations. Develop new printer software simulations targets for printer hardware. This allows firmware engineers to develop software for the product while hardware startup has not yet completed. LANGUAGES:
● Japanese: Daily conversation speaker.
Leonardo Rafael Sionzon
Contact this candidate