Role: Embedded Systems Engineer

Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to express my interest in the Embedded Systems Engineer position, as advertised. With over 20 years of experience in embedded systems and a strong background in developing remote terminal units (RTUs) for electrical substations, I am excited about the opportunity to contribute to your team.

During last 2 years in Embedded Systems Inc. I have participated in development of devices built on GD32 MCU (stm32 equivalent) like ventilators and incubator temperature sensing monitors. And I was using I2C/UART/SPI/ADC protocols In C language.
I have also implemented bootloaders for different devices built on GD32 MCUs and on PIC MCUs.
In C++ and in C# I have written a serial terminal on desktop side for loading of HEX files into MCUs.
In G&W Canada I wrote different protocols for RTUs (DNP, Modbus, IEC101 to name a few). Leveraging my skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and C language, I designed intuitive user interfaces that provided insights into voltage, current, power, and other critical parameters.

I am particularly drawn to this opportunity because of your commitment to innovation and excellence in the field of embedded systems. I am confident that my extensive experience and dedication to delivering high-quality solutions align well with the goals of your organization.

Thank you for considering my application. I am eager to further discuss how my skills and expertise can contribute to the continued success of your company. Please feel free to contact me at your earliest convenience to schedule an interview.

Warm regards,

Alexandre Arandorenko

Passionate about software design for embedded systems, devices, and their respective communication protocols. Experienced in supporting internal and external stakeholders. Strong team player and willing to go the extra mile to implement communication protocols in utility environments.
EXPERIENCE
Embedded Sense Inc
2022 – present

G&W Canada
2017 – 2022
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Utilized IDEs Keil and Microchip X for development, debugging, execution, and simulation. Hardware (PIC 16, 18, 24, GD 32).
Software development and system testing for personal ventilators used in hard-rock mining, for incubator temperature monitors and controls, for USB cable extension modules.
Monitored and controlled voltages, currents, and temperatures to stay within nominal ranges.
Implemented bootloaders for PIC and GD 32 MCUs as well as serial terminal on PC side for loading of HEX files into MCUs.
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Developed embedded software for remote terminal units (RTUs) in the utility industry and supported a world-wide customer base.
Development environment: Embedded Linux for NXP CPU, Nucleus OS for PowerPC
Utilized Eclipse IDE with freescale processor toolchain for cross compilation.
Programmed communication protocols (client/server): DNP3, Modbus, Modbus TCP, IEC 101, IEC 103, IEC 104, SEL-FM, TFTP, and others, familiar with: TCP/IP, UDP, RS-232, RS-485.
Developed a dynamic web interface for the RTU web server.
Survalent Tech Corp
1997 – 2017
SOFTWARE DESIGNER
Sister company for G&W Canada. Same experience as above.
Integrated PLCs into RTUs and provided highest tier technical support.
Implemented multiple protocols between RTUs and IEDs.
Created software protocol solutions for RTUs under SCADA.
AES Prodata
1994 – 1997
SOFTWARE PROGRAMMER
Developed software for ticket issuing machines for the transit bus industry.
Developed applications for deployment and maintenance of the transfer issuing machines.
EDUCATION
Moscow Physical Engineering Inst.
1976, 1986
Masters, PhD in Automation
Designed software for analog to digital (A/D) converter.
SOFTWARE
C, C#, C++, HTML, JS, XML, SVG, ASP, GIT, Linux, Eclipse, Windows, VS
Contact this candidate