OLEG AZOV
408-***-**** (mobile)

ad53wd@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE: Experienced system integration and test engineer with a proven track record of successfully testing and launching high-quality video/audio Encoding/Decoding products for the cable and IPTV industry. Skilled in testing embedded systems and mobile devices running on Android OS. Proven ability to develop and execute comprehensive test suites, automating tasks, manage projects effectively, and build strong relationships with customers. Detail-oriented, flexible, dependable, and highly organized with excellent communication and multitasking skills.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Extensive professional experience in testing Client/Server, Web-based applications and digital video processing systems on all stages of the System Development Life cycle.
Experienced in working with multi-tier environment and fast-paced software development environments.
Knowledge of SQA Testing Methodology
Performed "Black Box" and "White Box" testing
Developed Python/Jython scripts (proficient in adopting AI-generated code snippets)
Knowledge of ‘QF Test’ and ‘Selenium’ Automation Tools (web-driver coverage)
Experienced in lab testing ad insertion, analysis of video and audio in MPEG2, MPEG4 TS, HLS, Dash using Sencore, Interra and Tektronix analyzers, test of UDP packets using WireShark network analyzer.
Protocols knowledge of SCTE30/35/104/130 Digital Program Insertion (DPI, advertisement)
Experienced in testing Android OS embedded systems and mobile devices featuring various APIs running on Pixel phones and client vehicles with SIM, WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity.
Knowledge of HTTP, TCP/IP and Ethernet networking protocols (Layer 2 and 3)
Good analytical and problem solving skills
Agile, Scrum process flow, usage of Jira Bug/Fix Tracking
Familiar with CI/CD systems
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE:
8/2022 – 4/2024 – (Google via Virtusa) Sr. Software Quality Assurance Engineer

Performed QA Regression, Smoke and Exploratory testing for Pixel 6, 7, 8 mobile devices and embedded systems such as (AAE) Android Automotive OS with Google services in various vehicles (GM, Volvo) and in emulators.

Created Test Cases, modified and reviewed Test Plans ensuring proper test case instructions.
Used Python to write supportive scripts enabling repetitive test commands execution.

Ensured timely sign off for weekly releases.

Used various internal and external SW tools installations on Liniux platform and Google internal tools.

8/2004 – 5/2022 - Commscope, Inc. (Formerly acquired: Terayon / Motorola / Google / Arris)
Sr. Software Quality Assurance Engineer

Created feature Testsuite, executed testcases, analyzed failures, filed defect reports and monitored them until closure, interacted with software/hardware engineers and marketing to ensure best quality and address the customer’s requests.

Tested the operation of the two Technology Emmy awards “CherryPicker” line of Digital Video multiplexer/splicer platforms: DM6400, CAP1000 for Ad Insertion, SPTS/MPTS Recoders, Graphic Overlays, Redundancy capabilities, PSIP capabilities, Video and Audio properties.

Tested the operation of the encoders SE-7100, ME-7000. Encoding from SDI, transcoding in UDP, A/V sync, bypass DPI, SMPTE 2038, RIST, DVB Subs/Teletext, SCTE27, Multi-Bitrate (MBR) and Statistical Multiplexing.

Analysis of network packet drops, video quality and video structure problems, buffer overflows.

Created supportive Python scripts to automate setup configurations, catch error conditions from logs, and capture output streams for further analysis.

Collected data from customer sites using VPN, Remote Desktop, TeamViewer, MS Teams.

EDUCATION:

B.S.
College of Marin in Networking and Programming (1998)
Contact this candidate