Sergei V. Danilchuk
**** ***** ****
Jamison, PA 18929
Home phone: 215-***-****
Cell phone: 267-***-****
E-mail: adtqvp@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/sergei-danilchuk-a0729312

OBJECTIVE:
Senior position in real-time multitasking embedded and PC-based software development for digital and interactive TV, set-top box and other consumer electronics products and applications.

EDUCATION:
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Odessa Polytechnic University, Ukraine, 1990.
M.S. in Computer Science, Odessa Polytechnic University, Ukraine, 1983.

SUMMARY:
Programming Languages: C/C++, shell scripting, Java, Assembly for ST20, x86, 8051, PDP-11
Real-time Kernels and OSs: Linux, Windows, OS20/OS21, ST20/ST40, C/OS
Specifications and Standards: BD-ROM, MHP, HAVi, GEM, MPEG2
Development Platforms: Embedded, PC, SUN Sparc, IBM 360/370, PDP-11
Development Environments: Ubuntu Linux/ UNIX, Microsoft VS C/C++ IDE, Eclipse, Windows
Embedded System Toolkits: Broadcom, ST, Datalight C_thru_ROM, NOHAU
Configuration Management Tools: Git, SVN, Perforce, IBM/Rational UCM Clearcase, MS VSS/Delta.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Comcast TPX, Philadelphia PA Senior Software Engineer October 2009 – present
C/C++ cross-platform RDK-V/-B development of real-time multitasking embedded software apps and core modules for Comcast X1 family of products for MIPS/x86/Arm platforms on Linux OS. Linux core utilities and shell scripting. ELF file analysis. Resource management, heap/flash/CPU profiling, decompression algorithms analysis, performance improvement, memory leak tracing, boot-up time profiling and reduction, flash footprint analysis/reduction, performance/resource optimization. Profiling tools development and opensource profiling tools usage. Development/analysis tools automation. Configuration management.

Sonic Solutions, Wayne PA Senior Software Engineer June 2005 – 2009
C++/Java cross-platform development of real-time multitasking embedded software applications and core modules for High and Standard Definition DVD and Blu-Ray Players for Linux- and PC-based platforms.
Design, development and integration of 1.0/1.1/2.0 profile Blu-Ray Disc Java (BD-J) applications and modules for Broadcom BCM7398- and BCM7440- platform based projects,
BD-J Module build, release, resource and configuration management for Broadcom and LSI Linux- based platforms,
Design and development of DVD-Video navigation module features for ST Peters project on STM Linux platform.

STMicroelectronics, Malvern, PA Staff Engineer 1 March 2001 – March 2005
Development of real-time multitasking embedded software applications and core modules for STM 1st generation 55xx/8000/5700 microprocessor based Standard Product DVD Players and Recorders (STCM):
Componentization and resource management of STCM Standard Product applications and modules,
Design, development, and integration of Smooth Slow Reverse feature with full MPEG2 IPB-frame reverse video playback for stm5589-based STCM Standard Product project,
Memory management of STCM Standard Product applications and core modules,
Configuration Management of Clearcase 55xx/8000/5700-based STCM Standard Product projects, Clearcase component-based design and development of STCM Standard Product projects,
Design, development, and integration of applications to support STCM firmware updates via serial and boot disk (CD-R and DVD-R) interfaces.
Ravisent Technologies, Malvern, PA Lead Software Engineer March 2000– March 2001
Development of real-time multitasking embedded software applications and core modules of 1st generation DVD Players:
Design, development, and integration of serial communication protocols and STCM DVD Player applications to support firmware updates through serial interface,
Design, development, and integration of various core driver and GUI application features.

Panasonic AVC American Labs, Burlington, NJ Member of Technical Staff Nov. 1996 – March 2000
Development of real-time multitasking embedded and PC-based software applications for ATSC DTV and DVB Set Top Boxes (STB):
Design and development of MS Access database for Panasonic GUI and ATSC PSIP-based subsystems, MS Access ADO-based APIs, database access manager, and MS COM objects for Panasonic PC DTV2 project,
Design, development, and integration of embedded and PC-based software subsystems for Panasonic PC DTV project and Panasonic HDTV STB applications,
Design, development, and integration of User Function Manager, Program Selection Control, Front End Control, and other software sub-systems for Panasonic HDTV Set Top Box Project,
Integration, verification, and quality assurance of software sub-systems for British Sky Broadcasting Interactive Set Top Box Project,
Development and verification of various software device drivers for STB applications.

Quad Systems Corp., Horsham, PA Senior Software Engineer Sept.1993-Nov.1996
Development of real-time embedded and GUI software applications for Surface Mount Technology (SMT) Robotic Assemblers:
Design, development, and integration of C/Assembly 80188 microprocessor-based peripheral embedded Smart Base Manager software application for automatic Smart Tape Feeder Control Systems integrated into SMT Robotic Assembler or into a standalone off-line Smart Tape Feeder Workstation,
Support and development of Avocet51 Assembly 87C52 microprocessor-based peripheral embedded Smart Tape Feeder software application for automatic verification of electronic components mounted on PCB by Robotic Assemblers,
Design and development of device drivers for the local Controller Area Network (CAN) of Quad’s peripheral devices, communicating with a Host Computer of a Robotic Assembler based on Intel’s 82C527 microcontroller,
Development of several functional enhancements for Graphical User Interface of QSOFT.

Scientific Research Lab of Passive Senior Researcher Aug.1983–June, 1993
Control at Odessa Polytechnic University, Ukraine
Development of digital signal and image processing applications:
Design and implementation of fast algorithms for digital signal and image processing - Fast Fourier Transform (FFT), Fast Hartley Transform (FHT), Fast Gilbert Transform (FGT), fast convolutions and others for video related and imaging systems,
Performance optimization of the above algorithms based on fixed-point arithmetic and low-level programming languages for various computer systems,
Design of “pipelined” - multiple instructions/single data (MISD) flow - device structures implementing the above algorithms,
Analysis of computer efficiency of the above algorithms,
Published thesis “Modeling and synthesis of algorithms and devices for digital signal and image processing” on efficient processing of one- and two-dimensional real data.
Contact this candidate