CURRICULUM VITAE
 
 
 

VIJAY VUNGARALA

Email 
gxx96z@r.postjobfree.com
Phone no:-+91-924*******

Address
Vijay.V,
D.No#906,5th A Main,
Chowdeswari Layout,
Maratahalli,Bangalore-37,
Karnataka
Personal Data 
Father's Name : Venkata Ratnam
Date of Birth : 24th july 1989
Sex : Male
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Single
Languages : English, Telugu 
 
Alternate mail id:
gxx96z@r.postjobfree.com
 Career Objective
To be Professionally associated with an esteemed organization, which provides me a challenging career that assists in further enhancing my skills and achieving the goals of the organization
Education
B.Tech (Electronics&Communication Engg) : 2006 – 2010
JNTU Ananthpur 72.5%
Intermediate : 2004-2006
Sri Prathibha Junior College, Ongole 91%
SSC: 2003-2004
 Viveka Boys Heigh School,Pamur . 84.3% 
Skills
Programming Languages : C, C++,core java
Platforms : Windows 9x/2000/XP, UNIX
Others skills :Digital Electronics, Communication 
 Systems(AC&DC),VLSI, Embedded
 Real Time Systems,CMC

Myself 
 An upbeat, self-assured and ambitious young man. Assertive in nature, clarity in thought, problem solving approach in work and ability to plan and implement. As of my personal side I am god fearing and have a personal interest in watching environment. Ambition in life is to reach the heights in the field I am working, for which prerequisites would be, honesty, hardworking and determination to success. My so-called lesser positive strengths are sensitiveness and my frankness.

 

Project 

Project : “Multi GBPS LDPC code Design”
Platforms :VLSI.
Description : Low density parity check (LDPC) code, a very promising near optimal Error Correction Code(ECC).The construction of a new class of implementation oriented LDPC codes, namely Shift_LDPC codes .This kind of codes can be performed with Girth optimization as well as computer generated codes More importantly, the decoder can be efficiently implemented to obtain very high decoding speed like WIMAX ULTRA SPACE UWB.
The LDPC code design can save the message memory up to 50% is highly beneficial used in industries for any other purposes. These are in Ethernet, mobile WIMAX, DVB-S2 (Digital Video Broadcasting). 
Team Size : 4

Project : “Multi Level Door Security System”
Platforms : Embedded Systems.
Description : The micro controller based Multi Level Door Security System can be adapted at offices ,Banks and also at any of the places where the access is restricted to the authorized persons.
Multi level Security system is an access control system that allows only authorized persons to access a restricted area. The system is fully controlled by the 8 bit microcontroller AT89s52 which has 8K bytes of ROM for the program memory.
The system has a keypad by through which the USER ID and PASSWORD can be entered .when USER ID and PASSWORD are correct then door opened. If user forgets his PASSWORD, the code lock can be accessed by a unique ADMINISTRATOR PASSWORD.
Team Size : 4

DECLARATION

I consider myself familiar with my aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
 
 (V. Vijay)

Contact this candidate