
































Nirmal Soni 

Contact no.: 9879806990 

Email: njsoni88@gmail.com 

Ahmedabad. 

 

Summary of Professional Experience:  

Senior Analyst, SNL Financial India PVT. LTD. | Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. | From December 2012 to 

January 2017. 

 Worked as a Sr. Analyst in Content automation department. 

 As a Sr. Analyst I need to take a lead on respective projects and make sure to complete the same 
within the timeline. 

 Maintaining knowledge book of department for the internal procedures and keeping the same 
updated by making changes in it as per the day by day’s requirements. 

 Need to provide or arrange training session for the newly joined employees regarding the work. 

 Making new hires to be familiar with the work, train them to produce quality work and to 
complete the same accurately in a specific time period. 

 Verify the work done by analyst, make necessary changes if required, provide feedback to 
analyst and process work for the final output to clients. 

  Addressing client question or queries, encountering issues and making sure to avoid the same 
in future that clients’ are facing. 

Analyst, SNL Financial India PVT. LTD. | Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. | From December 2011 to 

November 2012 

 Collecting or processing data like Financial Reports (AR, QR, SR, Balance sheet, etc.),  
Non-Financial Reports (PR, MR, Acquisition repot, etc.) and other important data like AGM date, 

Presentation, Conference, Management levels and “C” levels officers, etc. 

 Processing data requested by the internal clients from other departments. 

 Collecting the required content from data and provide useful alerts to update the server data. 

 Need to solve internal client queries as well as errors form the internal tools. 

 Maintaining internal tools’ schedules as per the internal client’s need and provide them 
qualitative and timely data. 

 

mailto:njsoni88@gmail.com


Summary of Qualification: 

Saint Kabir Institute of Professional Studies, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. 

Post-Graduation in Diploma Management | Dual Degree: Major Finance, Minor Marketing. 

CGPI: 5.10/10 (2010-2012) 

 

Gujarat University, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. 

National College of Commerce | Bachelor of Commerce. 

Percentage Obtain: 50.67% (2006-2009) 

Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India. 

Sir Pratap High School, Idar. | HSC (Standard: 12) | Stream: Commerce 

Percentage Obtain: 53.57% (2005-2006) 

 

Sir Pratap High School, Idar. | SSC (Standard: 10) 

Percentage Obtain: 56% (2003-2004) 

  

Projects: 

 

I have done summer internship at Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance as a part of the PGDM program. 

 

Research: 

 To know what is the public awareness for life insurance. 
 To know what is the importance of life insurance for people. 
 To know how the operations runs and compete with other life insurance companies. 
 To know the preference of people for life insurance companies. 

 

 Skills: 

 Computer: Microsoft word, Excel and PowerPoint 
 Language: English, Hindi, Gujarati (Verbal, Reading, Writing) 
  

Academic/Professional Achievements: 

 I had been awarded four times as an employee of the month within the “Content Automation” 
department during my professional experience. 

 I had been awarded two times by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) for my work as a 
volunteer for the 'Vibrant Gujarat Summit' organized by Gujarat Government. 

 


