





















































                                                    
Santhosh Nadem		    : santoshnadem@gmail.com		      +91-8220587969                                                                                            


Objective:
                       
               Looking forward for an opportunity to work in a challenging environment, where I can 
Utilize my experience and skills in contribution effectively to the success of the organization 
And also for the improvement of my personal skills.


Experience Summary:

· Having 3years of experience in designing and Building Client-server applications and Web applications.
· Specialist in using tools and technologies like C#. Net, ASP.Net, ADO.Net, MS-SQL 2008/12.
· Experience of coding, database design and knowledge of building internet applications
· Knowledge in Style sheets, Skins, themes and HTML5 page design with Divs.
· Good understanding of Object Oriented Concepts.
· Very good experience in developing Stored Procedures.
· Application and to decrease the overhead on the server to implement business logic.
· Excellent skills in developing code for the database applications to interact with the databases, having extensively used the ADO.NET with SqlClient using Connection Object, Command Object, Data Reader Object, Dataset Object, Data Adapter, Grid View.

Work Experience:
 	
· Working as Software Engineer for HCL Technologies Ltd, Chennai from Nov 2014 to till date.

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION:
 POST GRADUATE: MCA (2011) from St. Augustine PG College, Hyderabad from OU.

Software Skills:   
Languages		:  C#.Net. ADO.NET
WEB Technologies	: ASP.NET, JavaScript.
Markup Languages	: HTML.
Frameworks 		: .Net Framework 4.0&4.5.
Web / App Servers	: IIS 
Database		: SQL Server 2008/12.
Concepts		: WCF
Operating System	: Windows.
       



Current Project

Title                    	 : MerckSpeakerServices.
Clients     		 : MERCK.
Technology 		 : ADO.NET, ASP.NET, C#.NET, Web Services and JavaScript.
Server			 : IIS;
Database		 :  SQL Server 2012.
Team Size		 : 5.
Role		              : Software Developer

Project Description:	 
                       Merck Speaker Services application is developed to facilitate the gathering & sharing of customer, program & financial information. The goal of Speaker Services is to enhance the partnership with Merck’s Speakers, by providing online services that will enable Speakers to access content and education and update their own information more quickly.     
   
Project#2

Title		:  Global Market View.
Client                :  MERCK                
Technology 	:  C#.NET, ASP.NET, .NET Framework 4.0, Microsoft Visual Studio 2010.
Team Size	: 4
Database	: SQL Server 2008.
Role	       	: Software Developer

Project Description:
                     GMV application is used to establish and maintain global vaccine sales forecast for each country and franchise for 5 years. Census information collected by outside agency will be loaded into GMV for splitting the forecast of sale and amount on franchise based on cohort. While performing the forecasting Marketing team will split them up between Private and Public areas of particular franchise based on percentage of sale predicted. 


 (SANTOSH. n)
