



























































http://bit.ly/infoworld

		Mr. AKSHAY S. KALAMKAR

	Date of Birth : 18/07/1993



		Contact

	Mo No : 9260415526
E-mail : a_kalamkar@ymail.com
Add : Ayachit Mandir, Bhosla Ved School, Opp Akash Mall, Mahal, Nagpur.




	

		Objective

	To excel as a professional through integration of my knowledge and skills and learning from new experience acquired and contribute to the committed organization.



	Organizational Scan 

	· Implementation Engineer                                                                                                   Feb 2017 to Aug 2018
Micro-Pro – Nagpur.
· Work on Hospital Management Information System (HMIS) & ERP projects. 
· Maintained records of all project activity including documenting outstanding problems with complete diagrams and notes to present to client and project team.
· Installed tested interface software on client servers and workstations and supported end users for period of time Installed after implementation.
· Provide support to U.A.E. hospitals.
· Responsible for the overall coordination of installations and post installation activities of the project.
· Handle the tasks of preparing and executing project plans to meet project resource, and time line.
· Perform responsibilities of weekly follow-up with clients after the implementation of the project.
· Handle the tasks of preparing post-installation project summary, implementation process, and managing internal resources.
·  Performed responsibilities of preparing test case as well as conduct peer review of project documents.
·  Have knowledge of HRMS, HMIS, ERP domain.

· Executive-HR                                                                                                             Aug 2015 to Nov 2016
Vansh Nimay Infra. Project Ltd (StarBus) – Nagpur.

· Develop concepts control project flow, and ensure deliverable milestones are met.
· Payrolls, Performance Management, Compensation & Benefits, Inam & Bonus Calculation, Gratuity, PF & ESIC.
· Handling Recruitment, Welfare and General Administration including Vendor and Client Relationship Management.
· Implementing HR systems & policies, conducting training programs towards enhancing employee productivity.





  




	Project Details

	
	Project
	Client
	Duration
	Role

	ERP
	PEE-VEE, Textile, Nagpur, India
	Jan-18 to May-18
	Project Implementer

	HMIS
	ASIAN Kidney Hospital, Nagpur, India
	Mar-18 to Aug-18
	Project Implementer

	Employee Portal
	Alexis Multispecialty Hospital, Nagpur, India
	Dec-17 to Feb-18
	Project Implementer

	HMIS
	Alexis Multispecialty Hospital, Nagpur, India
	Feb-17 to Nov-17
	Project Implementer






	Technical Skills

	· JAVA (Core+Adv)
· SQL, HTML




	Areas of Exposure / Expertise

	· Project Management
· Software Implementation & Execution
· Testing/Debugging of applications
· Technical Support
· HR Policy Execution, Payroll Management
· Compliance Management
· Compensation & Benefits, General Administration.





	Academic Credentials

		2015 B.E. (IT) from Tulsiramji Gaikwad-Patil College of Engg. & Tech., Nagpur. Secured 71.33% with distinction.


	Degree
	Semester/Year
	Board / University
	Year
	% marks 

	B.E.
	Aggregate
	RTMNU
	2015
	71.33

	H.S.S.C
	XII
	MSBTE
	2011
	62.0

	S.S.C
	X
	MSBTE
	2009
	67.84




	


	Personal Details

	Father Name             :  Shyam V. Kalamkar
Mother Name           :   Kavita S. Kalamkar
Languages Known   :  Marathi, Hindi, English, Gujrati
Nationality                :  Indian
Marital Status            : Single









	Hobbies

	· Playing Chess
· Travelling
· Swimming
· Music Collection 




	Declaration

	I hereby declare that the above given factors are true and correct to the best of my knowledge & belief.














Place	: NAGPUR
Date	:									(AKSHAY S. KALAMKAR)































	

	




	

	




