














































Curriculum Vitae 
     
    KANAK DARJI 
    Mobile: 7990518479 
    Email id: rajkanak21@yahoo.co.in 

 
Career Objective: 

 
Dedicated, energetic and motivated team player seeking a career in technical support that would enable me 
to utilize my skills into the IT field. 

 

Technical Skills: 

 
 Language In Tech Support: Java, HTML  

 OS: Windows 7, Windows 10 

 Database: SQL 

 Database Tool: SQL Server Management Studio V. 2008 and 2012 
 

 
Academic Chronicle: 
 
 

 
Exams 

 
Institute 

 
Board 

 
Year Of Passing 

 
Percentage 

 
S.S.C. 

 
St. Xavier’s High School 

 
GSEB 

 
2007 

 
66.00 

 
H.S.C. 

 
Infocity Junior Science 

College 

 
GSHEB 

 
2009 

 
60.00 

 
B.E C.E. 

 
SVBIT 

 
GTU 

 
2013 

 
6.57 CGPA 

 
 
 
Technical Support Profile: 

 
Support Profile :  Technical Knowledge:       

 Find the error logs in the production machine. 

 Debug the Code to find the error in the Savvion and IBM BPM 

 Server Start / Stop 

 Unit testing 

 Sql Queries 
       

JAVA  :  Basic Knowledge 

 Terminologies in Core Java. 

 Oops Concepts. 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Current Employer: 
 
Company Name : Nividous Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. 
Location   : Ahmedabad 
Role    : Software Engineer 
Job Duration  : Oct 2015 to till now 
 
Professional Experience: 
 

 

 
Responsibilities Handled: 
 

        Technical support for the web application and guide for the system functions if required. 

        Find the error logs for the issue and prepare a properly formatted draft by putting all the issue 
 related details and share to concerned developers. 

 Find the database related issue such as query lock and reporting to DBA for such cases. 

 Production Server Start/ Stop periodically to ensure the system works smoothly. 

 Data update on the database using sql queries. 

 Report Generation as per the client requirement. 

 Preparing the test cases for replicating the issue in a proper format to forward to developers. 

 Coordinated with team members and development team as needed. 
 
 

Project 2 Insurance Industry 

Client India First Life Insurance 

Type Support for Internal Web Application for Loan Process 

Role Technical Support (Level -2) 

Duration Dec 2015 – Sep 2016 

Location Ahmedabad / Mumbai (Client Side) 

Environment Web Application for Internal Use developed in IBM BPM 

Database : MS SQL 2008 R2 

Tools : SSMS 2012 

 
Responsibilities Handled: 
  

 Technical support working onsite and offsite. 

 Set up the Project by configuring the Grids, Adding the users and providing them system rights 

 Testing the functions and report to developer in case if there is any issue by preparing a well 
formatted document 

 Production Server Start/ Stop periodically to ensure the system works smoothly. 

 Data update on the database using sql queries. 

Project 1 Subtitling and Dubbing Industry 

Client SDI MEDIA 

Type Support for Web Based Application for Internal use 

Role Technical Support (Level -2) 

Duration Sep 2016 – Till Date 

Location Ahmedabad 

Environment Web Application for Internal Use developed in Savvion BPM 

Database : MS SQL 2008 R2 

Tools : SSMS 2017 



 Report Generation as per the client requirement. 

 Coordinated with team members and development team for the enhancement / bug fixing. 
 
Previous Employer:  
 
Company Name : Motif India Pvt. Ltd. 
Location   : Ahmedabad 
Role    : Customer Care Executive 
Job Duration  : Mar 2015 to Sep 2015 
 
 

  

Client Make My Trip 

Type BPO / Support for Issues caused while Booking Air Tickets with Make My 
Trip using Website / Mobile Application 

Role Customer Care Executive 

Duration Mar 2015 – Sep 2015 

Location Ahmedabad 

Environment Email and Call Support 

 
 

Responsibilities Handled: 
  

 Communication via Emails and Phone calls to discuss for the issues with the end users. 

 Providing the solution on emails to end users using the CRM tool. 

 Also, escalate the issue to the concerned team for the major issues. 
 
Training:  
 
Company Name : Priya Softweb Solutions 
Location   : Ahmedabad 
Role    : Trainee Web Application Development 
Job Duration  : Mar 2015 to Sep 2015 
 
 

Type Real Estate 

Role Trainee Web Application Development 

Duration May 2014 to Mar 2015 

Location Ahmedabad 

Environment Java, MSSQL2008 RS 

 
Responsibilities Handled: 
  

 Requirement Gathering 

 CRUD operations using JSP 

 UI using HTML 

 Database tables and queries 
 
 
 



Strength: 
 
 Able to resolve the query in the stipulated time period 

 Smart Worker and Honest Person 
 Adaptability, Self- Confident and Focus on Work. 

. 
 
 
Personal Details: 
 
Name : Darji Kanak Bharat 

Gender : Male 
DOB : 21/12/1991 
Blood Group : B+ 
Nationality : Indian 
Marital Status : Married 

Languages known : English, Hindi, Gujarati 

Hobbies : Playing Cricket, Chess and Outing 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to my knowledge and belief. 
 
 
 
Date: 
Place: Gandhinagar         Kanak Darji 


