
















Jonathan Burns



Page 1

R. AYYAPPAN

  No.63A, Madha Nagar, Mowlivakkam, Porur, Chennai- 600116.    
Mobile: 98412 77704 / Email ID: ayyappan.r30@gmail.com 

	Over 10 years of proven experience in Compensation Processing, Financial Reconciliation, Benefits Administration and Finance & Accounting. 
Hands on Experience in varied technology platforms including PeopleSoft HRMS, PeopleSoft CMR and Core Banking System.

Good People Manager with experience in handling team size of 8. 

STRENGTHEN AREA’S

	People Management
	Payroll Mgmt/Process
	Comp. Plans / Prog.
	HR Policies & Procedures
	Performance Management
	Statutory Compliances
	Audit 
	Employee Relations/Engmt.


	Benefits Administration
	Analytics & Reporting


Professional Experience

Work Experience: At Standard Chartered Scope International from April 2004 to Till date


Position
:
  Associate Manager -Payroll Operations
Function
:
  Human Resources Shared Service Center – HR SSC
Organization
:
Standard Chartered Bank - Scope International
Period
:
April 2004 - till date

Compensation, Payroll & Benefits Management 

As Associate Manager, I manage a Team of 8 individuals for handling payroll for 15 countries covering an employee population of over 15000. 

My responsibilities include:
	Managing Compensation, Payroll & Benefits management of Standard Chartered Bank employees covering countries in Middle East, South Asia, Ireland and Malaysia.
	Ensuring employee data in PeopleSoft data is monitored and maintained accurately for all employees.
	Manage migration of new payroll for additional countries into HRSSC including Planning, process mapping, and documentation of Payroll Processes. 
	Have initiated multiple process automation initiatives which led to productivity gain of 25% over 1 year

	Developing and maintaining excellent relationship with the Country HR Service Delivery team, HR Relationship Managers, Line Managers and the End customers.

Interaction with Country HR managers, HR Service Delivery, Labour, tax and compliance authorities and ensuring services at international standards, especially Payroll and Retirement benefits.
	Managing end-to-end payroll activities right from Hire check to final check; schedule payroll dates, synchronize various HR functions in payroll, coordinate with HR & Finance teams, HR managers, HR Service delivery, rewards and talent management teams in completing the monthly payroll tasks

	Managing Direct deposits, Cheque payments, statutory remittances, update HR policies and messages to the staff members, reports payroll dashboard to senior management

Tracking Voice of Customers to improvise HR services.
Providing analytical reports and metrics to HR and business managers covering from recruitment process to attrition.
Worked closely with internal audit to ensure all the documents such as SLA, PRA, and DOI are reviewed at regular intervals. 
Preparation of Variance report on monthly basis



Projects:

Project SPOC: (AskHR)

Have been the Single Point of Contact for the implementation of the PeopleSoft CRM(AskHR). My role of the SPOC for the team included:

	Conducting Current Need Assessment for the team and mapping against the Product deliverables
	Take the responsibility of collating all requirements from the required business unit and confirm with Project / Implementation Team
	Provided signoff on the requirement on behalf of the entire Payroll Operations team.

Worked with the project team in developing Scenarios and carrying out UAT of the system
	Worked with the Project / Implementation team to develop the User Manual for all changes with respect to ERMS System and impact to the respective Unit
	Carried out Training on the product to the Payroll team comprising of 45 members.

 Past Experience
 Univercell Communications 
- From Mar 2003 – Apr 2004

 Accounting Assistant

	Preparation of Purchase Reports

Preparing various Sales productivity-oriented reports.
Preparing presentations for the Weekly Meetings

 M/s Ganesh Prasad
- From Jan 2002 – Mar 2003

  Audit Assistant

	Internal Audit of Andhra Cements.

Income Tax returns for individuals & Partnership firms
Tax Audit for Fludyene.

Educational Qualifications:

Course
Institution
Board / University
Year of Passing
M.B.A
Manonmaniam Sundaranar University
Manonmaniam Sundaranar university
In Progress
B.COM.
Guru Nanak college
Madras University

2000
HSC
Anjuham Higher Secondary school
State Board
Tamil Nadu
1997
SSLC
Anjuham Higher Secondary school
State Board
Tamil Nadu
1995


Achievements:


	Awarded the Excellent Performer for payroll process in Standard Chartered Bank
	Awarded the Best Performer for meeting the customer requirements.


Major Strengths

	RESPONSIBILITY

RELATOR
INCLUDER
STRATEGIC
LEARNER



Other Key Strengths

	Ability to work in a team and competent to handle more volumes.

Excellent Analytical Skills and Strong Customer Focus
Quick Learner.
Solid understanding of Business Needs and requirements
Developed a positive and productive work environment with co-workers
Established and maintained highly confidential information, documents and records.

Personal Details
References: Will be Provided On Request
	Gender	             :  Male
	Fathers Name  :  S. Ranganathan
Date of Birth     : 30-Mar-1980
Marital Status   : Married
Nationality        : Indian






              


                                                                           
 
                                                                           


         Date	:  
         Place	:  Chennai                                                               		(R.AYYAPPAN)



