















































Gururaj Kulkarni 

Phone: +91-988-686-6168 | Email: gurukulmca@yahoo.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/gurukulkarni 

 

Professional summary 
 

 

Good professional 7 years of experience in handling Java based applications built around cloud 

technologies. Sound in operational activities like monitoring, troubleshooting, root cause analysis, 

remediation and IT automation for real time solutions built on cloud platform. Devops activities and 

constant involvement with development team for platform performance monitoring and application 

scalability  

 

Experience- 
 

 

• Cloud Devops activities and application and platform maintenance and high availability 

• Openshift Cloud environments for both public and private clouds 

• AWS Environment and managing cloud infrastructure for application based hosting servers on 

AWS 

• Deployments-Releases-Configurations management 

• IT automation - PUPPET, APT and GitHub, and Atlassian Products (JIRA, Bamboo, Hipchat, 

Confluence ) 

• Database MySQL, MS-SQL– setup, replication, administration, maintenance 

• No SQL database- Cassandra- Managing Cassandra nodes and backup procedures. 

• Platform and Applications availability monitoring through – native Linux Tools, SensuApp, Nagios 

& New Relic, Check_mk 

• Log aggregation- SPLUNK Enterprise and AWS ElasticSearch 

• On Call Support with Pager duty app. 

• AWS operations and instance maintenances  

• Automating AWS snapshots with lambda services 

• AWS – SQS and SNS service. 

 

Technical Skills 

Operating systems:        Windows 200x, CentOS, Ubuntu 

Application/Web Servers:  Apache Tomcat, JBoss AS, nginx 

Database:    MS-SQL, MySql, CASSANDRA NOSQL 

Version control tool:   GitHub, Bitbucket 

Monitoring Tools: SPLUNK Enterprise, SPLUNK cloud, New Relic, Pingdom, SENSU 
dashboards, Nagios, Cassandra OpsCenter 

Configuration tool:   PUPPET enterprise, Ansible 

Cloud Bases Infrastructure  Amazon web services, Virtualization with VMware and Openshift   

     Server orchestrations. 

mailto:gurukulmca@yahoo.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/gurukulkarni


Companies worked for- 
 

 

DevOps Engineer at Act-On Software Inc. Bangalore. From October 2015 to till date. 

[https://www.act-on.com] 

 

Act-On. Act-On Software is a software-as-a-service product for marketing automation developed by Act-

On, a company headquartered in Portland, Oregon. Built on the cutting-edge cloud technologies. 

 

Roles- Being a part of DevOps team, I managed the entire cloud platform which is built on Amazon 

services using Openshift orchestrations. Automated many things like Log aggregations using SPLUNK 

enterprise and AWS Elasticsearch service using KIBANA. API gateway management using WSO2 and 

monitoring user api tokens. Automated messages using AWS SQL and SNS. Managed CDN using AWS 

Clod front. Working with Portland, OR US team for Integrations and on-call duties. 

 

Senior Systems Engineer- Cloud Operations at Ignis Technologies Solutions  

From March 2, 2015 to October 6, 2015.  Working for a  

 

Client:  Warner Chappell music inc. USA 

 

Cloud Operations Analyst at Digi International Inc. - DGII (NASDAQ), Bangalore, India.  

Click here for more on Digi www.digi.com  from April-2009- To Feb-2015 

 

Product-Device Cloud 

Operating System:  Ubuntu 
Architecture:  Java/J2EE 

Database:   MS SQL 
Long term storage:  Cassandra DB 
Application Server:  Apache Tomcat 7 

 

Device Cloud is a public cloud platform for device network management (some time referred as 

Machine-to-Machine (M2M). It provides secure application messaging, data storage and device 

management for networks comprised of wired, cellular and satellite-connected devices. 

Device Cloud offers customers centralized management of gateways and connected end-

devices, ease of integration via APIs and Etherios Cloud Connector, elastic scalability that grows 

with the device network, commercial-grade reliability and industry-leading security policies. 

Role & Responsibilities 

• Monitoring the Application APDEX score which set as standard response time to requests 

and taking actions of if APPDEX score taking expected time. 

• Applying analytical resolutions for the issues, service disruptions with Openstack hosted 

servers and regular monitoring the platform for high availability to meet the customer 

SLA 

https://www.act-on.com/
https://www.google.co.in/search?biw=1920&bih=947&q=NASDAQ:DGII&sa=X&ei=oeDBVLOQDoS48gXdwoLwCg&ved=0CH8QsRUwFA
http://www.digi.com/


• Analyzing the servers with JVM usage, CPU load, Disk usage, network package utilization 

with New relic and taking appropriate actions on the alerts so that it should not affect 

the production platform 

• Prepared for On-Call duty with advanced alerting systems with Pager Duty and swift 

actions if required 

• Log shipping to SPLUNK servers for production logs and monitoring. 

• Puppetizing the production servers to configure the settings to the master-client 

environments 

• Working  nosql- CASSADRA nodes-Creating new nodes and working nodes backup and 

restore procedures with OpsCenter monitoring tool 

• Managing the Git (Bitbucket ) remote repository to create the puppet modules and 

working on the operations with local servers 

• Adding VM’s to openstack and with providers services and handling the network usage 

• Managing the load balancer (F5- Big IP) for creating pools and irules to access the 

production sites 

• Preparing Internal documents for Deployment procedure and sharing this across the 

other team like Test and development  

• Interaction with Technical support team on variant types issues with the platform and 

working on resolutions if they belongs to the hosting applications. 

• Working on managing the Active directory users groups to access the hosted servers 

with VPN and controlling the access to other teams 

Product-m-Trak- A web based fleet management system. 

 
Application: Developed in java and J2ee environment and data base as Mysql. 

The Digi m-Trak mobile asset tracking solution provides reliable, cost-effective fleet monitoring 

and management. Combining GPS technology and wireless communication with an easy-to-use 

web-based management application, the Digi m-Trak system ensures constant, on-demand 

access to fleet information at any time, from any place. 

The main features of this product are; 

Real-time vehicle location, distance traveled and speed, anywhere access to critical asset and 

fleet information, GIS-enabled digital map for asset tracking, Two-way voice and text 
communication between fleet managers and vehicles, Programmable SMS notifications for 
predefined events and emergencies 

Role & Responsibilities: 

• J2EE application support with respect to clients on Jboss Application server. 

• Configure and install various components and services 

• Develop platform troubleshooting applications to facilitate failure isolation 



• Analyzes, reviews, and alters program to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new 

requirements 

• Documenting all program development, logic, coding and corrections, monitoring the 

application health with JMX console probe dashboard. 

• Proactively solve problems and work collaboratively with remote Teams to improve the 

Scalability, supportability, and sustainability of the DIGI hosted applications 

infrastructure. 

• Working with other teams to determine appropriate infrastructure requirements. 

• Create new and update existing procedural documents (SOP's). 

• Testing and deployment of software & hardware upgrades. 

• Experience supporting production databases - MySQL & MS-SQL. 

 
NIC [National Informatics Centre]:Technical associate   
An Indian Central Govt IT department www.nic.in 

From June-01-2007 to Aug-14-2008 
Worked as for the maintenance and Support for the product CIPA [Common Integrated Police 
Application, www.cipa.gov.in]  

Role & Responsibilities 

• Worked on software requirements specification to categorize as per the state created 
requirement documents for core development team management to build the 
application.  

• Interaction with the End customers to understand the implementation of the software 
and working on the migration process from legacy systems. 

• Creating state specific page modules in the software and testing with real time existing 
data. 

• Involved in the process of Data Porting between existing and new database using 
Microsoft SQL server. 

• Maintaining the PostgreSQL, SQL database for the customers 
 
 
Educational Qualification 
 

MCA [Master of Computer Applications], Bangalore University 

BSc Comp science, Karnataka University Dharwad 

Personal Details 

 
      Date of Birth                            : 20 July 1981 
      Material Status                         : Married 

      Nationality                               : Indian 
      Passport No          : Z2770574 
    USA-VISA (B1/B2)         : Valid up to 09th JAN-2024 

http://www.nic.in/
http://www.cipa.gov.in/


       
hereby declare that the information furnished above is complete and true the best of any 

knowledge. 
 
 

Gururaj Kulkarni 
Place: Bangalore 
 
 


