












































	Vijay Pratap Singh
Software Engineer

GEP Solutions Pvt Ltd Mumbai.
	(:+91-9580090007
(: vijayescsingh.aug30@gmail.com
Skype Id: : myvpsingh
Since 2014, using .Net Technology for development of application

	Working in a growth oriented organization which would provide me with challenging tasks in latest technologies where I am able to utilize my full potential for the mutual growth of the company and myself.

	Asp.net (2.0-4.5) Web Form, Asp.Net (3.0-4.0) MVC, C#, VB, JQuery, JQuery Template, AJAX, Web Service, REST Web API,  Angular JS, HTML, CSS.
	Currently Using Skills

	I have more than 2.0 years with web and window application using .Net Technology

	Summary
	· Last 3.9 Year; I have done many projects using Asp.Net with C# and MVC. 

· Good analytical skills, analyzing the problem and find suitable and optimize ways to proceed to the next solving steps.

· Good problem solver, many critical situations is arising during development for application, but it can be solve effective manner.

· Good managerial skills.

· An effective leader, skilled to enlisting the support of all team members in aligning with project and organizational goals.

	Skills

	Framework

.Net Framework 

Programming Language

C#,C, C++

Client Scripting

JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS

Server Scripting

Asp.net

UI Language

HTML, CSS, Asp.net MVC Razor Engine

Services

Web Services

Techniques

Ajax

Data Management

MS-SQL Server

TSQL/PL-SQL, Trigger, Indexing, Stored Procedures, Function.
	

	

	Experiences 
	Since June 2014-May 2016, Software Engineer 

Next-Olive Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (Lucknow-UP)

	
	Since June 2016-Present, Software Engineer 

GEP Solutions Pvt Ltd Mumbai (Maharashtra)

	

	Project#11: SmartByGEP
Environment:  VS.Net 2015, SQLServer2012,MVC 4.0 with Web API
Role: Software Enginneer
Team Size: 20
Project#10: Telefinity
Environment:  VS.Net 2012, SQLServer2008,MVC with Web API
Role: Software Developer

Team Size: 5 

Summary: This web based domain solution is to automate the functionality of the managing the
users and online survey. This covers the Active Directory user login through application.
Project#9: Survey Project
Environment:  MVC 4.0, SQL Server 2008, AJAX, JavaScript, Jquery
Role: Software Engineer
Team Size: 5
Summary: This web based domain solution is to automate the functionality of Survey with various type of questions and answers. People are invited to fill the surveys and send their responses.
Project#8: Matrimonial 
Environment: WCF, MVC 4.0, SQL Server 2008,Angular Js
Role: Software Engineer
Team Size: 4
Summary: This web based domain solution is to provide the online match finding for people and it also consist the provision of marriage bureau for managing the personnels.
Project#7: ET Website
Environment:  MVC 4.0, SQL Server 2008,CMS, AJAX, JavaScript, Jquery
Role: Software Engineer
Team Size: 5
Summary: In this web based domain solution to automate the CMS (Content Management System) functionality of the Project. This is bilingual project and provides the feature to add and manage the menus links and pages. Admin can create multiple level of pages and menus up to 4th level.
Project#6: Easy Invoice Creator
Environment:  MVC 4.0, SQL Server 2008, AJAX, JavaScript, Jquery
Role: Software Engineer(Backend Coding)
Team Size: 3
Summary: In this web based domain solution to automate the whole functionality of making invoices of purchases and send these invoices to users as a Cost estimation e-bill and for other purposes.
Project#5: Web Billing Solution
Environment:  ASP.NET 4.0, SQL Server 2008, AJAX, JavaScript, Jquery
Role: Software Engineer(Backend Coding)
Team Size: 3
Summary: This is a web based domain solution to provide the online billing of software package and subscription having the smart Payment system for renewal of package and Recurring payment.
Project#4: EVisits
Environment:  Front-end: VS.Net 2012, C# (4.0), Ajax, Java script

Back-end: SQL Server 2008

Role: Software Developer

Team Size: 5 

Summary: e-Hospital is a collaborate application having decision support systems, resource and people management applications, project management and database retrieval application. It is a planned system of collecting, processing, storing and disseminating data in the form of information needed to carry out the functions of treatment. e-Hospital involves collection, organization, and storage of data of patients, and also facilitate the service of Chatting and Vedio Conferencing through API.

Project#3: Misty Bluff
Environment:  Front-end: VS.Net 2012, C# (4.0), AJAX, JavaScript, Jquery

Role: Software Developer 

Team Size: 3 

Summary: This is a web based domain solution to automate the whole functionality of Resort booking and availing their customers an online support and feedbacks.

Project#2: Classificados
Environment: Front-end: ASP.Net, C#(4.0), Ajax and Back-end: SQL-Server

Role: Software Developer 

Team Size: 2
Summary: This is a web based domain solution to provide the sharing of post of people and the can earn money on every visit of their post. This covers the payment to users through PayPal API and login with Twitter, Facebook and Google+.  
Project#1: CATS
Environment: Front-end: ASP.Net, C#(4.0), Ajax and Back-end: SQL-Server

Role: Software Developer 

Team Size: 2
Summary: This is a web based domain solution to provide the online maintenance of timesheets of cross applications. In this project all of the things have managed by APIs returning XML data and AJAX, Jquery and Angular JS.

	Projects

	

	Last Qualification

I have done B.Tech (C.S.E) in 2014 from UPTU, with 77%.
	DECLARATION

I do hereby declare that, the above facts specified by me are true of my knowledge and belief.

(Vijay Pratap Singh)




