







































SHANKAR KRUSHNA PAWAR 
101 janawadi janata vasahat , Gokhale nagar 
Pune 16
7767062611
Shankar.krushna.pawar@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To become best employee while working in any company that i will be
known by it.

EXPERIENCE

Aegis
Team Leader
July - 2017 - February - 2018
Responsible for Rewards and penalty KRA with client end. Team player.
Maintaining attrion and shrinkage. Guiding and Couching with feedback
to the actual revenue generators. Cascade new updates amongst FTE's
and dip check randomly to check the downloads are clearly understood.
Practicing various ways to improve process. To create healthy
atmosphere in work which helps to keep FTE's involvement in the
process to achieve desired results.

TECH MAHINDRA
Team Leader
July 2011 - September 2016
• SLA Delivery and SL management within threshold maintaining AL
abn%. • Staff Management weekly Roistering and Capacity planning
(Attrition & Attendance) • Constant process Improvement related
opportunities for Customers satisfactions. • Productivity and resource
management (Net Login hrs. , login efficiency) • Tracking and managing
team’s sickness and absence and planned shrinkage. • Daily /Weekly
communication all process and organizational updates to the advisors. •
Handling supervisor escalation calls • Floor walking /Floor support •
Supporting the Real time management team • Managing available
resources across various functions to avoid loss in productivity General
administration support provided for • Maintain & analyze daily
operational reports • Conducting 1-on-1’s • Updating all relevant
operational trackers. • Enforcing business policies. • Organizing transport
for staff as per roster

IBM Daksh
Customer support executive
November 2010 - July 2011
To resolve customers queries, requests, complaints. To provide correct
information in given TAT. Upselling Relavant products to customers as
per the customer usage.

EDUCATION



48 months

Pune university
B. COM with 50%
2016-2017

Maharashtra board
HSC with 55%
2009

Maharashtra board
SSC with 42%
2007

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Good in MS office, specifically in MS excel
Can operate Windows any system from Windows 98 to Windows 7.

PROJECT

Vodafone Prepaid

Inbound voice process

ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS

Recognized as best team leader in 2014 vodafone client.
Rewarded as lowest shrinkage holder in the process
Multiple times Rewarded by HR as star performers and pat on back

performance certificates.

INTERESTS

Sketching
Swimming

PERSONAL STRENGTHS

Ability to work efficiently in both independent and team work
environments Good communication, interpersonal, organizational and
leadership skills. Energetic and self-motivated team player, Quick Learner

PERSONAL PROFILE

Date of Birth : 11/03/1991

Marital Status : Married

Nationality : Indian

Languages Known : English hindi marathi

Hobbies : Traveling to new places, team outings. Sketching



SHANKAR KRUSHNA PAWAR

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information given above is correct and true to my
knowledge.


