
















































PUSHPA LALITHA SINGAMSETTY
LALITHASINGAMSETTY@GMAIL.COM
9491832693
Summary
2 years of experience in design, development and maintenance, which includes involvement application software development in the Client-Server & Web Technologies.

· 2 years of experience in design and development of software applications
· Good experience in SharePoint
· Related experience in development and maintenance of live websites in .NET and PHP
· Solid background in Object-Oriented analysis and design. 
· Database Technologies known Oracle and SQL Server.
· Good experience in creating SQL Server database objects tables, Views, procedures, functions, indexing and triggers.
· Good at design patterns.
· Perform the Unit testing to ensure the all the modules of the application working as expected.
· Develop Use-Case diagrams, Class Diagrams, Interaction Diagrams, State Diagrams, and Activity Diagrams during the analysis and design phase of each module.
· Having knowledge in Spring, Hibernate and Web Services.
· Played an important role in design and development
· Knowledge on basic UNIX commands.
· Had knowledge and experience on SEO (Search Engine Optimization)

Key Domain and Technical Knowledge
· Domain		: Software Applications, Internal Applications and Finance related Applications
Languages Used	: .NET,PHP,Java / J2EE , SQL, Web Services 
Database Used	: Oracle, MySQL.
Operating Systems  : Windows and UNIX.
Web Related	: JSP, SERVLETS, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, HTML, XHTML, XML, 
IDE Tools		: Net beans IDE, Eclipse and Oracle Developer.
Servers		: Tomcat, Apache, Web sphere and Glassfish.

Certification

· Certified as Microsoft Technology Associate: Database Administration Fundamentals from MICROSOFT







Academic Qualifications
	Course
	Institution

	Board / University
	Year of Passing
	Marks % 


	
M.Tech
	
CMR College of Engineering and Technology,
Kandlakoya
	
Osmania
	
2017

	
86%


	

B.Tech

	    
Dhanekula Institute of Engineering and Technology,Ganguru,
Vijayawada.
	
ANU

Achieved Gold Medal
	    
 
      2013
	

91.66%


	
INTERMEDIATE
(M.P.C)

	
Sri Srinivasa Junior College, 
Vuyyuru.
	
Board of Intermediate Education, A.P.

	    
 
      2009
	
  
     93.3%

	

SSC
	
Zilla Parishad High School,Vuyyuru
	
Board of Secondary Education, A.P.
	   
      
      2007
	
     
     90.5%





Foreign Languages known:
· English – Proficient


Total Work Experience: 2 Years

Company: Efftronics Systems Pvt Ltd   			              Period: March 2013 to September 2015




Project Title1: 	DEVELOPMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF EFFE WEBSITE
Client: 		Company’s own website development and maintenance
Duration:  	From March 2013 to September 2015
Description: 	The effe is a fruit of years of R&D and sustained innovative efforts of efftronics. effe is a Division of efftronics. We need to develop separately a website for effe apart from efftronics.

Role and Responsibilities:
· Participate in system requirements sessions
· Responsible to ensure all the required software installations are raised by the team members as per the requirement or not.
· Responsible in settings of Tomcat server.
· Responsible to fix the bugs, while building the code and while executing the scripts.
· Responsible for Development, QA and related technical issues.
· Responsible to ensure the smooth functionality of applications in all the browsers.
· Interaction with management to ensure the functional and non-functional requirements like performance, scalability, reliability, availability, maintainability.

Environment: .NET, PHP and CMS

PROJECT FOR IBM
Project Title2: Blood Donor Database
Description: To develop and maintain an appropriate integrated blood donor tracking Database system for the efficient and effective recording and management of Blood donor data and blood donor retention. 
To significantly improve the quality of recording and management of information about blood donors to facilitate the effective tracking of repeat blood donors and the establishment of a reliable pool of regular repeat blood Donors. 
In order to improve the accuracy, efficiency and effectiveness of tracking information on blood donations, and ensure blood safety through accurate Labeling and identification of blood units at every stage.
Conclusion: It is very helpful the best available information on blood transfusion services in the country. Assess the country situation on blood safety. Monitor trends and progress





Project Title3: Mobile Management System
Description: To increase the flexibility and to reduce Time Complexity for any kind of transactions that takes place within the organization and to generate fast and clear information on the data provided by the employees. The data maintained provides information about assignment details, transaction details, damaged part details and monthly bills.
Role and Responsibilities:
· Participate in system requirements sessions with on site members who are employees to the company
· Responsible to ensure all the required software installations are raised by the team members as per the requirement or not.
· Responsible to fix the bugs, while building the code and while executing the scripts.
· Responsible for Development, QA and related technical issues.
· Interaction with management to ensure the functional and non-functional requirements like performance, scalability, reliability, availability, maintainability.
· Installation of application in all the mobiles of employees for further tracking.

Environment: .JAVA, Tomcat.
Duration: 4 months
Conclusion: With regard to the requirements gathered from the organization, we completed the project. This system satisfies customers.
Future Analysis: The system is developed in such a way that it can be further modified & new updates can be updated to the system. The system has flexibility to adopt any further modifications.
Personal Information:
Gender		             :	Female	












