
































Mr. Siddharth Ajaykumar Gupta E-Mail: siddharthgupta2792@gmail.com 

 1118-C,Raj Legacy, LBS Marg Vikhroli(W), Contact No. : 09930401207 

         Mumbai-400081 (MH) India. 

PERSONAL SUMMARY 

A strategic thinker and effective communicator who has a proven track record of using data to figure out market potential 

and business trends. I have 3 plus years of experience in tools such as such as Tableau, QlikSense, QlikView or R&D 

Tableau. I have worked on Business Intelligence solutions by mining data, looking at competitor activity and studying 

industry forecasts. I have worked alongside CTO, CEO and Executive Members of my previous companies and able to 

operate within different business units and teams, often across multiple projects.  

CAREER HISTORY 

TABLEAU AND BUSINESS ANALYSIS CONSULANT- August 2017 – Present 
Fractal Analytics Pvt. Ltd. 

Client: Colgate and Palmolive and CP Hills Pet-care. 

Work Role: 

 Creating the understanding for impact of SMA Representative Visits to stores using Tableau 
visualization. 

 Tableau visualizations ensures a perfect blend of technology, procedures and individuals to streamline 
business technique, as well as expense and resource allocation. 

 Provided business intelligence to monitor and analyse results, metrics, and strategic, operational and 
tactical performance. 

 Improve collaborative business processes and identify profitable partners. 
 Improvised an ease accessibility to top management for understanding of data through simple 

visualizations. 

 Tableau helped in monitoring results as well as streamline sales and marketing expenses. 
 

Client: Procter and Gamble (P&G APAC) 

Work Role: 

 Sales Fundamental reporting to CXO’s of P&G APAC for Business Analysis Reports monthly and 
Quarterly. 

 Track pre-and post-visit data with On Shelf Availability (OSA%) and Shelf Voids along with avoiding 
Out of Stocks (OOS). 

 Provide capacity to handle complex and large data elements in various data schemes spread over a wide 
geographic distribution for risk acknowledgment and trend analysis. 

 Provide an integrated view of customer feedback, new product planning, marketing campaigns, sales 
targets, results, trends and market research. 

 Control costs, discover profitable growth opportunities and identify redundancies. 
 Ensures precise, timely data for better insight into revenues and expenses for maximized profitability and 

confident decision. 

 Monitors, analyses and provides key performance indicators (KPIs) on sales by, region, distributor, 
partner, sales representative or product using intuitive business intelligence reports and personalised BI 

dashboards. 

 See all KPIs across a single retailer or highlight a single KPI across all retailers. 
 Promotions effectiveness is evaluated. 

 

 

 

mailto:siddharthgupta2792@gmail.com


 

 

TABLEAU CONSULTANT– March 2017 – JUL 2017  
Exponentia Datalabs Pvt. Ltd. 

Client: Multiple International Client(Alvarez&Marsal,Vidal,Centrum,etc.). 
Work Role: 

 Tableau Consultant and Data Visualization Expert 
 Research and Development in Tableau Extension for client requirements 
 Data Modeling Expert 
 Ability to quickly understand markets, technologies, economic structures and business 

requirements and work with clients at their location 

 Worked extensively on building storyboards & presentations based on the business problem defined by 
the clients 

 Worked in Healthcare & Investment Banking domain 
 Able to contribute to a team-oriented environment & matrix organization 
 Delivered the best market solutions in Business Intelligence and Data Structuring 

 

QLIKVIEW DEVELOPER– December 2014 – Feb 2017  
Employers name - Atos India Pvt. Ltd 

Client: HUL (Hindustan Unilever India) 

Responsible for defining, recommending and delivering Business Intelligence Visualization, ETL and 

PostgreSQL database Modeling. 
Work Role: 

 Creating high end Visualization through different Business Intelligence tools 
(QlikView, QlikSense, Tableau, Datazen, SiSense) 

 Working with the design, test and product teams to produce solutions. 
Providing high level strategic, analytical direction and vision. 

 Ability to explain complex technical issues on Visualization that non-technical people 
may understand. 

 Researching best practice in data visualization libraries, presentation and management techniques. 
Quickly and correctly identifying underlying areas of concern. 

 Prioritizing tasks in accordance with corporate goals.  
 

Client: Public Sector Banks PAN India, F&B Industries. 

Responsible for defining, recommending, and delivering Business Intelligence Visualization, ETL and 

MongoDB database Modeling. 
Work Role: 

  Creating high end Visualization through Qliksense tool 
 Creating Visualization for M2M (Machine to Machine) Devices for analyzing their proper 
 functioning 
 MongoDB connection and ETL to Qlik Sense Analytic Dashboard 
 Working with the design, test and product teams to produce solutions 
 Providing high level strategic, analytical direction and vision 
 MongoDB contains a huge amount of data which was analytically simplified and visualized on 

the dashboards 

 Researching best practice in data visualization libraries, presentation and management techniques 
 Converting Big data into business intelligence 
 Created network terminals for extracting data files through Mongo DB (Excels) from different    

report owners which was a crucial and complicated task 
 



 

Client: Siemens India 
Responsible for managing a team of 3 developers and development lifecycle of Qliksense analytics. 

Requirement gathering from client and creating architecture for precise development for other 

developers. 

Work Role: 

 Siemens Service Desk Management is an IT-support infrastructure, in this Client wanted to see 
high end visualizing dashboard for precise analytics on their employees 

 These Analytics were fetching through an Excel format and creating complex summary for Client 
landing on dashboard is the most complex task which was succeeds successfully 

 All around 40 dashboards is being developed on crucial deadlines as the exhibit was processed on 
very last time 

 Total Excel count marked up above 300 which were inherited in the Qliksense for high and 
précised analytics 

 A different perspective of client leads to many more R&D and Visualization development 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

 Data Visualization 
 Data Modeling 
 Data Analysis 
 ETL 
 Databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL,MongoDB) 
 Visualization Presentation 
 Qlikview Server Management (QMC) 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
 

 SGBAU University, Amravati- B.E. Computer Science and Engineering – 2014  
 SSSC, Amravati – Science – 2010 
 MGHS, Amravati – SSC-2008 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of birth: 2
nd

 July 1992 Marital  status: Single 

Permanent Address: C/o Ajaykumar Gupta, New Race,  Jawahar Road Amravati, Maharashtra -

444601 


