
















































SOUNAK BHATTACHARJEE
sounakrcc29@gmal.com
   Mob No: 8902765076
DOB: 29-10-1990

Career Objective:


To pursue a career that gives me seamless scope for learning and research in the IT domain, this not only helps me expand my skills but also helps the organization as well as its clients in saving effort and minimizing the turnaround time, besides ensuring the best quality.

Professional Summary:



· 4.7 years of experience, including experience in application development, Maintenance and support.

· Trained in Mainframe z/OS technologies, including JCL, COBOL and DB2.


· Exposure to the health insurance domain.

· As a Technology Analyst, my functional role at Infosys includes working on service requests for change and / or enhancement of the existing system, automation of manual effort wherever possible, batch job monitoring and reporting, tuning and optimizing the batch cycle, incident management, backlog reduction and minimization of the number of overall incoming incidents.

· Additional responsibilities include mentoring the fresh talents joining the organization and providing them with relevant objective guidance which enables them in giving consistent, quality output.

· An excellent team player with good inter-personal skills and a positive attitude. 

Work Experience:



	Designation And Company
	Role
	Duration
	Role Details
	Project details

	Technology Analyst, Infosys Ltd
	Application Development and Support
	4.6 Years
	Analysis and coding in Mainframe Technologies for Service requests, Batch Job Monitoring, Job Abend Resolution and Incident Resolve and Reduction.
	Managed services.      Level 3.       Client – Aetna Inc.         Domain - Insurance











Projects:

Aetna Inc. Managed Services

Location: Infosys Ltd, Bhubaneswar

Role: Application Developer

Description: Aetna, Inc. is an American managed health care company, which sells traditional and consumer directed health care insurance plans and related services, such as medical, pharmaceutical, dental, behavioral health, long-term care, and disability plans. The Managed Services project includes system enhancement and change requests, besides batch cycle monitoring and optimization and incident management for the customers.

Roles and Responsibilities:

	
	
	Permanent rectification and enhancement of the application to provide a glitch
	

	
	
	free experience to the customer 
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	Batch job monitoring and reporting, and striving towards a perfectly smooth
	

	
	
	and fast batch cycle 
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	Automation of regular manual tasks wherever applicable. 
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	Root cause analysis for commonly occurring issues 
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	Dealing with Client Escalations and High Priority tickets 
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	Preparation of reports 
	

	
	
	
	

	
	
	Resolving application related issues besides ensuring 100% compliance with
	

	
	
	the SLA 
	



Tools:

· Proficient in mainframe technologies including JCL, COBOL and DB2.

· Extensive knowledge about mainframe tools including Zeke, Expeditor, QMF, SPUFI, INFOXE and STAR tool.

· Working knowledge in MS Office including MS Word, MS Excel and MS PowerPoint.

Rewards and Recognitions:



	
	  Good performance in Infosys training for fresher with a score of 75% 
	

	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	 Recognized as the ‘VALUABLE PLAYER’ by Infosys multiple times. 
	


 


Educational Qualifications:


Course Name: B. Tech in ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING

University Name: West Bengal University of Technology

Year of Passing: 2013

GPA: 8.74



Operating Systems:

· Mainframe Z/OS  
· MS Windows  


Languages known:


· ENGLISH
· HINDI
· BENGALI
