













































GOPINATH

	Adith Kumar S
	adithkumar.s@gmail.com
	


	
	Mobile: +91 9901618712


	Objective

	To seek a challenging career, this enables me to bring the best out of me towards the growth of the organization with a sense of satisfaction, while upgrading myself.


	Education Profile

	Year
	Course
	Credits

	2010
	M.B.A - (Finance and Marketing) 

South ASIA university - Bangalore.
	70% 

	2008
	B. Com (Computer Applications) 
Vysya College of Arts and Science – Salem
	57%

	2005
	Higher Secondary,  
Trinity Academy  Higher Secondary School –  Namakkal

 NamaSalem

	56%


	2003
	10th Std: 
Chinmaya Vidyalaya Matriculation School- Salem
	60%



	Personal Competencies

	· Quick learner, able to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods. 

· Ability to work as an individual and in a group as a team player.

· Detail oriented with strong organizational, analytical, and interpersonal communication skills

· Effective command over spoken and written communication skills

· Multitasking skills and ability to work under pressure


	Technical Skills

	Computer Skills
	Microsoft Office (Ms Word, Ms Excel, Ms Access and Ms PowerPoint)

	
	Tally (Version 7.2)


	As a Senior Associate  in Genpact

	Duration
	April 2009 till now

	Division
	 Marketing Research

	Roles and Responsibilities
	* Genpact is a concern of General Electricals where working as an Senior associate.

* Handling Costco databases and in the GOC.

* Got Client award for the Costco database for quality deliverable and timeliness of deliverable.

Where I need to analyze the sales for the items of clients and project it, where the overall sales can be determined by the manner. For the projections I use excelarate, excel and Power points to project the sales. I use Microsoft Packages for Validating the Sales Price in region Wise.

* I am doing market research for all the FMCG Products.

* Need to maintain documents of the process and update the documents if there are any up gradations done for the database.

* Maintaining check list and following SOP to maintain the process and train new recruiters in the process and educating them about the steps and explaining the process.

* Training the new joiners and helping the team members where ever the help required and even helped them in improving the quality of their deliverables and mentoring the new Joiners in the team.

* For improving the quality of work and maintain the standard quality I will keep doing self projects.




	As a System Analyst  in Aryah software solutions

	Duration
	September 2008 to April 2009

	Division
	 Marketing

	Roles and Responsibilities
	* Need to meet the Company Directors and explain about the biometric system and HID and RFID cards where an attendance software is related to it. Where need to do machine initializations in various places and travelled to many places for the installization.


	As a System Analyst  in Standard Charted Bank

	Duration
	July 2008 to September 2008

	Division
	 Credit card 

	Roles and Responsibilities
	* Meeting with the higher revenue business generated people and educating them about the Standard Charted Titanium Credit Card and its features,benfits,advantages.

* Taking customers through the registration process by checking documents. 


	As a System Analyst  in HSBC BANK

	Duration
	May 2008 to July 2008

	Division
	 Credit Card

	Roles and Responsibilities
	* Meeting with pre generated high network individual leads and educating them about the HSBC platinum credit card and its features, benefits, advantages. 

* Taking customers through the registration process by checking documents. 


	Personal Profile

	Name
	Adith Kumar S

	Father’s Name 
	Sai Kumar S

	Date of Birth
	10th  April , 1988

	Age
	24 Years

	Sex 
	Male

	Marital Status
	Single

	Permanent/Contact Address 
	462A, 15th Cross,

Ideal Homes Township, 

Raja Rajeshwari Nagar, 

Bangalore-560092. 

Mobile: 9901618712.

	Languages Known
	Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and English.

	Declaration

	  I hereby declare that, all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and understanding.   

Date: 

Place:  Bangalore                                                                                      (Adith Kumar S)



