























































--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Career Objective 

IT Professional seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute which recognizes and 
utilizes my true potential while nurturing my analytical and technical skills in the field of IT. 

Education 

2012-2016 Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science & Engineering                                                                 68% 
Maulana Azad College Of Engineering & Technology Patna 

  
2011 12th (Senior Secondary Examination)                                                                                                       65% 

Bihar State Education Board 
  
2009 10th (Secondary Examination)                                                                                                                   62% 

Bihar State Education Board 

  

Professional Experience 
September 2016 
to Present 
 
 
 
 
 

Web Application Developer at Technology 9 Labs, New Delhi 

 To develop and deliver codes for the work assigned in accordance with time, quality and cost 
standards. 

 To maintain the existing project and resolving the issues occurring in the existing project. 

 To work upon the new requests raised by the client and develop those features. 

 Development of the whole working of admin panel and design the database. 

 Responsible for development of validation rules of data inserted to the portal. 

 Manual testing of the application and documentation work. 

 Working on the technologies of OOPS, MVC, PHP frameworks, MySql, jQuery, Ajax, Yii2 
Advanced Framework. 

  

Internships & Trainings  
November 2015 
to April 16 
 
 
 
 
31st Jan 2015 
 

Web Development intern, at Software Services & Solutions  Patna 

 Worked as a developer on a new Web Application providing Tutors at home. 

 Developed the source code of application on ASP.NET, C# using Microsoft Visual Studio. 

 Writing script to analyse the data and insert it in portal database. 

 Responsible for the manual testing and documentation of the portal. 
 
Attended a workshop/seminar on Electronic System Design & Manufacturing (Organised by Govt. 
of India) 

  

Academic Projects 
3rd Year 
 
 
 
4th year 

Travel Agency System (B. Tech Project, 3rd year) 

 Handled to enhance the facility of providing vehicles and venues. 

 Completed the project using C,C++ 
 

Home Tutor Provider System (B. Tech project, 4th year) 

 Developed the Web application on .Net Platform using technologies of ASP.NET, C#, SQL 
Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript on Microsoft Visual Studio 2015. 

 Worked for development of codes and designing web pages of the portal. 

 Created website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices. 

 Developed database of the portal on SQL Server and wrote codes to retrieve data. 

SYED SHAKIR ALI 
B. Tech, Computer Science & Engineering                               
Maulana Azad College Of Engineering & Technology Patna 
(Approved by AICTE New Delhi, Affiliated to Magadh Univ. Bodh Gaya 
And recognized by Science & Technology Department, Govt. of Bihar) 

Phone : +91 –9990529141  
Alternate number : +91-9852665983 

Email : shakirL88@gmail.com 
Address : Abu Fazal Enclave 2, Shaheen 

Bagh, Kalindi Kunj, New Delhi 110025  

mailto:shakirL88@gmail.com


Technical Skills 
Languages 
 

C++, C#, Core Java, Php, ASP.NET 

Web 
Technologies 
 
Database 
 
Applications 
 

Php, jQuery, Ajax, Json, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Yii2 Advanced Framework, MVC Architecture, 
OOPS, ASP.NET 
 
MySql, SQL Server 2012 
 
Netbeans, Microsoft Visual Studio, Dreamweaver, MS Office, Github, Xampp 

Personal Information 
Father’s Name Syed Shaukat Ali 
Mother’s Name Nazma Tabassum 
Date of Birth 15 Dec 1994                                                                                
Gender 
Languages 
Nationality 
Hobbies 

Male 
English, Hindi, Urdu 
Indian 
Singing, Playing Chess and Sudoku 

                  

Achievements 
March 18th 2016 Got selected in college campus placement in Suncore Microsystem Noida on the basis of 

developing an IT Job portal for the company. 
  
June 14th 2016 Got selected in college campus placement in Technology 9 Labs New Delhi. 
  
                  

Key Skills 
 Good interpersonal and communication skills. 
 Capable of adapting to new environment. 
 Highly committed to work. 
 Have leadership qualities. 

 

Certification 
 Got a 6 months Certificate on Data Entry (MS Office) by Bihar Polytechnic College (Govt. of Bihar) in 2009. 

 

DECLARATION 
 
 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge.                                                                         
 
 

Place : New Delhi                                                                                                             [ Syed Shakir Ali ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
Date:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

 


	Place : New Delhi                                                                                                             [ Syed Shakir Ali ]                                                                                                          ...

