







































Gayathri Rajkumar

Address for 
Correspondence:

New No.24, Old No.128,
1st Sector
6th Street
K K Nagar
Chennai – 600 078

E-Mail: 
gayathri.rkumar@yahoo.co.in

Mobile No:
+919841427975

Personal Data

Date of Birth    : 27 Sep 1975
Sex                  : Female
Marital Status:  Married

Languages to
Read, write and speak:
Tamil, English

speak:
Telugu, Hindi

Career Aspiration:

To acquire maverick knowledge and expertise whilst working towards the goals of the Organization. 
To grow along with the organization by applying my skill-sets and experiencing total gratification in 
whatever I undertake. 

Academic Qualification:

Undergraduate
1993 – 1996 Bachelor of Commerce 

Hindu College, Chennai                          

Postgraduate
1996-1998        Master of Commerce
                          Madras University.  

IT Exposure:

 Operating Systems    : Windows 
 Application Packages :   MS Office

  
Professional experience: 

Greenback Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai (From Dec 2008 till date)

Job Title – Customer Service & Operations

 Preparing bills related towards the service provided and follow-up for the collection of the
payment for the bills sent.

 Timely updating of MIS with  all  client  database in the CRM system & preparing branch
revenue performance and presenting the same to the management.

 Preparing monthly performance report of each individual in the branch and submitting it to
the management.

 Maintaining all the daily activities related towards the branch Administration’s.
 Maintaining petty cash book of the branch.
 Handling queries of all the existing clients and give them the appropriate solution.
 Maintain all standards of quality to ensure that the organization meets the customers' total

needs and that continuous effort are made to exceed customers' expectations.
 Accurately check documents drawn under letters of credit based on UCP600.
 Responsible for managing the Trade Finance requirement and cross check the necessary

documents.
 Structuring  ECB  requirements  for  corporate  and  negotiating  on  the  interest  rate  with

various banks 
 Follow-up for the transaction is funded on real time basis.

 Expertise in Trade Finance Products like  Letter  Of Credit  -issuance,  advising, negotiation,
confirmation, reimbursement, Import Document Collections.

 Timely generation of MIS, resolution of customer grievances, compliance of all regulatory
norms.

 Maintain all standards of quality to ensure that the organization meets the customers' total
needs and that continuous effort are made to exceed customers' expectations.

Citifinancial Consumer Finance India Ltd, Chennai. (From Mar 2006 - Dec 2008)

Job Title – Admin Executive cum Customer Service Executive

 Managing customer queries within stipulated TATs.
 Taking care of front office administration.
 Vendor Management.
 Managing walk-in Customers. 
 Maintaining various MISs for Branch Expenses.
 Petty cash maintenances for Branch.
 Branch admin expenses management.

CURRICULUM VITAE

mailto:gayathri.rkumar@yahoo.co.in


 

Achievements 

 Instrumental in creating MIS Reports for Branch Expense Management.
 Consistently resolved customer queries within stipulated TATs.
 Appreciated by the management for the branch performance report innovation.

Competencies

 Well Organized and structured at work.
 Committed to deadlines and schedules.
 Perceptive and empathetic.
 A cohesive Team player. 
 A smart worker with very high integrity.


