



















































Resume


    

Tanvir Dhanani 
Organization :- Intech Creative Services Pvt. Ltd. 

Profile  :-  Software Developer (Java) 

Email id :- tanvir.dhanani@gmail.com 

Mobile No :- +91 7016792986  +919904070343 

 

Objective 

To be associated with a well-established organization with a stable environment that will 

enable me to use my skills, educational background and abilities to work well with people. 

 

Experience 
 

Working as Jr. Software developer with Intech Creative Services, Gandhinagar, 

Gujarat since May 2017.  

 

Technology, Skills and Competencies 

Below is a list of important technologies that I have worked with. 

 

Operating 

Systems 

 Windows, linux 

Programming 

Languages 

 Core Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate,JPA. 

Databases  Mysql 

 

Web Technology  HTML,  JSP , Java Script , jQuery  

 

Education  

Degree/Exam Duration Institute Percent University 

BE (IT) 2013-2016 Universal college of engineering & 

technology Kalol. 

62.10% 

 
GTU 

Diploma(IT) 2010-2013 Om shanti diploma engineering college 

Rajkot. 

67.40% GTU 

12th 2007-2009 Vishuddhanand vidhyamandir Bhavnagar 35% GSHEB 

10th 2007 Valam high school Gariyadhar. 68.15% GSHEB 

 

Project Undertaken 

#Project:1 
 

Project Name ICS Admin 

Period May 2017 to January 2018 

Description This project is to design to Manage Company’s management system, 

leave management, policies, event management, handle employees’ 

information, leave ticket module where user can create ticket for 

leave ,software installation expense leave , appraisal module, 

timesheet module etc. 
 

Technologies Java , Spring , Hibernate , HTML , JavaScript , jQuery ,  Angular Js, JPA. 

Database MySQL 

Roles & Responsibilities Involved in handle front end (Angular Js) to back end(API) and make JPA 
query as per requirement. As well involved in Junit Testing of application.                                                                                       

mailto:tanvir.dhanani@gmail.com


    

 
 
#Project:2 
 

Project Name Productivity Measurement 

Customer L&T 

Period February 2018 to March 2018 

Description This project is design to measure productivity and workability of 

workers and machines through charts and graphs  

Technologies Java , Spring , Hibernate , HTML , JavaScript , jQuery, JPA. 

Database PostgreSQL 

Roles & Responsibilities Involved in handle back end(Make API for various modules) 
Created module for upload and download master data of system using excel 

sheet. For job entry created module to manage job data. 

 
#Project:3 
 

Project Name RPM (Remote Patient Monitoring) 

Period March 2018 to April 2018 

Description This project is design for communication between doctor and patient 

through internet. First patient has to be register in application by 

doctor and then doctor can prescribed that patient through internet 

and patient can enter his measurement of regular blood pressure and 

blood glucose in application which doctor can see easily on his 

dashboard. On the basis of that measurement doctor make report and 

give treatment to the patient.  

Technologies Java , Spring , Hibernate , HTML , JavaScript , jQuery, JPA. 

Database MySQL 

Roles & Responsibilities Involved in coding Phase 
Created doctor module in which doctor can see patients created by him and 
also can see patient which are recently join within a week. He can also see 
all the measurement uploaded by patient and based on measurement alert 
will generate by system like panic alert and threshold alert. Etc.. 
Involved in Junit test cases. 

 
#Project:4 
 

Project Name ZARA(Logistics) 

Period May 2018 to till date 

Description This project is design for terminal operation system at various ports. 

It includes terminal operations, vessel visits, container management 

at yards and mange cranes through web based application. 

Technologies Java , Spring , Hibernate , HTML , JavaScript , jQuery, JPA. 

Database Oracle  

Roles & Responsibilities Involved in coding Phase 
Involved in Junit test cases. 
 

 

 



    

 

Project Assignment 

Project Intelligent Transport System. 

Period June 2015 to May 2016 

Description Purpose of making this project is to make Transportation system Digital. In this 

project we have try to make real time tracking of bus. User can calculate bus 

fare by its type like Volvo, express, local etc.., online pass application, post 

about lost/found goods, etc… 

 

Training 

 
 1 year training from TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES (TCS) in J2EE. 

 

Personal Skills   
 

• Ability to work within dynamic team environment through flexible and adoptable 

approach. 

• Goal oriented, optimistic & supportive. 

• Innovative & flexible 

• Hard Working and ability to work well under pressure within guidelines. 

 

Hobbies 
 

 Playing cricket, Traveling 

 Listening music and Singing. 

 

 

Personal Details 

Name Tanvir Dhanani 

Father’s 

Name 

Mr. Harunbhai Dhanani 

Sex Male 

Marital status  Single 

Nationality Indian 

Date of birth 05/07/1992 

Language Gujrati,Hindi,English 

Address B/101,Hayat Residency, Sarkhej Ahmedabad.  

  

 

Declaration 
 

              I do hereby declare that the statement made above is true, complete and correct to the 

best of my knowledge and belief. 
 

Place: Ahmedabad                                                                          

 Tanvir Dhanani 

    


