




































RESUME

RESUME

Geeta S Bhatia

1/A Manish Kunj, Ramchandra Lane

Malad West, Mumbai 400064.

Mobile No. 9870459390

Career Objective:
“Obtain a position as a team-player in a people-oriented organization where I can maximize my customer-service experience in a challenging environment to achieve the corporate goals.”

Professional Qualification:

Ms DOS
WINDOWS 90, MICROSOFT 2000/XP
Other Software’s:
Tally 5.4

Ms Office ( Ms Word, Ms Excel, Ms Power Point)
Educational Qualifications 

PGDBA   

      July 2010 

First Class

Welingkar Institute of Management,Mumbai

Bachelors of Commerce 2002

47%
Prahlad Dalmia   Lions College of Commerce, Mumbai University

Higher Secondary Certificate 1999
65%

Pralhad Dalmia   Lions College of Commerce, Mumbai University

Secondary School Certificate 1997
             63%
Infant Jesus School, Maharashtra State Board
Work Experience :-
Current Job profile
Working as Dsitributor Customer Service Executive at Mumbai ADC

Since September 2008 

· Handled customer queries with minimum escalation .

· Have supported the special events conducted by the company

· Handled distributor customer service mails and coordinated with the offices in the region to provide resolution for the distributors queries sent on mails.
Worked as Regional Call Centre Executive ( DR & Mktg)Amway India Mumbai ADC From April 2005 till August 2008
· Attended inbound calls efficiently and provided resolutions as per the parameters.
· Communicating to distributors about latest updates and information through calls & emails.

· Coordinated with the Internal Customers to follow up and provide resolution on distributor’s complaints or queries.
· Was responsible for updating of the process in the Ready Recknor in order to provide accurate, consistent & quality service to the distributors. 
· Consistent efforts to achieve the team objectives.
· Coordinated with the offices in the region to provide resolution for the distributors queries.

· Assisted the team leader in training of new executives .
· Supported the Events organized by the Company for the distributors.
· Contributed to the Team’s revenue by Upselling & Crossing selling the products.

· Handled the various MIS reports-

· EPABX Reports

· Day End Reports 

· Credit Card Reconciliation Report
Previous Experience:
Firm
: Just Dial Services.
Designation 
: Information Retrieval Officer

Tenure                                        
: From July 2003 to April 2005

Job Profile 
· A Talking Yellow Pages  as an  Information Retrieval officer handled calls related to providing and gathering information.

Firm
: Dhaval Plastochem

Designation
: Computer Operator

Tenure
: From April 2002 to July 2003

Job Profile
· Worked as Data Entry Operator. 
Worked Part Time as a Tutor since 1998.

Personal Details:

Date of Birth
:-16th November 1980
Nationality
:- Indian

Mother Tongue
:- Sindhi

Gender
:- Female

Martial 
:- Single

Languages
:-  Sindhi,English,Hindi,Gujarati& Marathi
Hobbies 
:- Teaching and Learning New Things
· Attributes:

· Always try to think for solutions before escalating queries to the TL

· Clear consciousness of organization values.

· Extremely hard working and dedicated.
· Quick learner and able to apply knowledge to job.
· Multi Skilling.
· Good presence of mind.
· Provides solution & alternative and ensures minimum escalation.
· Good DCS process knowledge.
