


















































	Parikshit Chalke
parikshit.chalke@gmail.com

Mobile:-  9819387494 
A\12, Second Floor, Yashomandir Society, Nehru Road, Dombivali - 421201
	


Date of Birth: 3rd July 1979
Marital Status: Unmarried
Hobbies: Exercise, reading.
Nationality: Indian


	Professional Summary 
Customer service executive:  Reliance digital;
12th March 2018 to 6th Sept. 2018, Worked as customer service executive at call center of Reliance digital at (RCP) Reliance Corporate Park, Ghansoli, New Mumbai, On payroll of Asmacs payroll management services ltd. Job role involved handling inbound queries of Reliance digital stores spread across all over India.
 Thane — Holiday Advisor for Club Mahindra (MHRIL) at Intelenet Global Services
25th Jan 2016 to 16th Oct 217, Job role involved handling inbound queries of Mahindra and Mahindra, Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries. Demonstrated mastery of customer service calls script within specified time frame. Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion, Maintained up-to-date records at all times.
Garware Club House, Mumbai, Church gate — Supervisor
16th August 2010- 7th Jan 2016, On payroll of Pracksons Gym Services (Contract basis), worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction. Further job role involved Building member loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product/equipment issues. 
Led team of staffers which includes fitness trainers, attendants, massage therapists, and other technicians to make sure day-to-day operations go on smoothly.
Endurance Health Club, kalyan - Personal and General Trainer
April 2004- Present
Job Role Involved; Explained ways to improve exercise intensity for better results, 
Suggested exercise modifications to individual students to avoid strain and injury,
Promoted club programs, products and services to participants.
EDUCATION
R. A. D. A. V. College, Mumbai, Bhandup— B. Com (50%)
June 1996 - June 1999 
Finalization of accounts, Direct and Indirect Taxes, Computer Systems.
University of Mumbai, Kalina, Mumbai — Post Graduate Diploma passed with Distinction
June 2000 - June 2001
Fundamental of Computers, C, COBOL, System analysis, Data Structure.

LANGUAGES
     
 English, Hindi, Marathi
  
I hereby confirm that information provided above is correct as per my knowledge. 
Parikshit Chalke  

                                                                                                             
	SKILLS
· Dedicated to process improvement, Devoted to data integrity, Strong problem solving ability, Negotiation competition, Employee relations specialist, call center management experience. Facilitator, Influential, Belief in Delegation of tasks, effective verbal and written communication, Self-confident about abilities, Organizational skill to make sure objectives and strategies are planned well in advance.
Other Achievements
· Certified personal trainer from Better Fitness for You (BFY, founded in India by Mr. Rajiv Goenka, Conducted by Progressive Fitness in U. S. A.) certified with 87%, Subjects; exercise physiology and Kinesiology. Biomechanics and Anatomy
· Typing speed- 60 WPM with accuracy of 97%.
Be Fit Zone, Mumbai, Coloba — Personal and General Trainer
June 2007 - Sept 2009
Job Role involved- Explained ways to measure exercise intensity for the best results. Suggested exercise modifications to individual students to avoid strain and injury. Promoted Health programs, products and services to members.





