















































                                        
 

     CA. PALAK AGRAWAL 
 

 
Tel.: +91 9799921679                                                             E-Mail: palaka20@gmail.com 
 
                                                                  

Career Objective 
 
Seeking position with a growth-oriented organization in the areas of: 

• Accounting & Finance 
• Auditing & Taxation 

 

Career Scan 
 

AXA Business Services- Pune(Sept 2016 – Present) 
 
Currently working as Process Lead in ‘Record to Report Team (Germany)’ which includes the following 
responsibilities: 

• End to End accounting of real estate entities, involving Analysis of variance and posting to 

accounting entries and preparation of P&L and balance sheet. 
• Calculation and booking of DAC (Deferred acquisition cost) for P&C segment (insurance 

domain) 
• Analysis of GL accounts and balance sheet via various reports from business object tool. 
• Calculation and creation and write-off of various insurance related provision on a quarterly 

basis. 
• Premium and unearned premium reconciliation with feeder system. 

• Transfer of premium and commission to reinsurance business. 
• De-offsetting for P&C, L&S and health segment for LOCA as well as IFRS. 
• Maintaining KPI for all activities performed on monthly basis. 

• Product reclassification. 
• Closing activities for insurance entities for IFRS & LOCA. 
• Statistical Posting. 
• Performing IFC of various RTC task. 

 
 
GENPACT INDIA – Gurgaon (July 2013 - March 2015) 
 
Worked as Management Trainee in Finance & Accounts Department, performed ‘US Federal Reserve 
Legal Entity Regulatory Reporting’ for GE Capital Americas which includes following: - 
 

● Responsible for Income Statement and Balance sheet Analysis on quarterly basis. 
● Finalization of legal entity reporting which involved consolidation of financial statement of 

various businesses. 

● Analysis of various costs incurred by various businesses and meeting the required guidelines. 
● Contributed in making various checklist items as required by US Federal reporting for 

consolidation of financial statements. 
● Responsible for filing federal reserve forms like Y-11 and FR-2314 
● Analysis of off-color items. 
● During Quarter close having regular follow-up calls with business controllers and US onshore 

team. 
● Prepared and presented many presentations for the Quarter close performance. 

 

Gupta Jasoria & Associates- Jaipur (September 12 - February 13) 
 

● Providing consultancy for project finance. 
● Preparing minutes of annual general meetings for various companies. 
● Prepared various returns like Income Tax, Service Tax. 

 
 

Internship Training 

M/s R.R. MITTAL & Co.           

mailto:palaka20@gmail.com


Period Served:                   3 years & 6 months                       Worked as an Article Assistant 

Role: 
● Assisted in Audit of Proprietor firms, Partnership firms 

● Conducted Internal Audit of Instrumentation ltd.(govt.co.) and Kamal auto industries 
● Conducted Physical Verification of Stock and harmonizing the same with the corresponding 

vouchers. 
● Drafted Audit Reports as per the reporting requirements of Companies Auditor’s Report Order, 

2003 (CARO) 
● Assisted in Tax Audit of Individuals, Partnership firms 

● Assisted in Assisted in E-filling of Income tax Returns of Individuals, firms, Trust 
● Assisted in reconciliation of TDS as per Form 16, 16A with Form-26AS 

 

 

Qualification 

Course Year of Passing Percentage 

CA. Final May 2013 53.00 

CA. PCC. May 2009 52.50 

CA. CPT. November 2007 74.00 

 

Course Institute/University Year of Passing Percentage 

B.Com Kota university 2009 61.61 

H.S.C. Sophia Sr. Sec. School  (CBSE) 2006 68.4 

S.S.C. Sophia Sr. Sec. School  (CBSE) 2004 79.8 

 

 

Computer Proficiency & others 

● Hands on experience in MS Office (Excel), Tally and other Internet Applications. 

● Hands on experience of SAP and Business Object tools. 
● Working knowledge of Hyperion SmartView, Oracle Discoverer(R12) 
● Completed Computer training as prescribed by the ICAI 
● Completed General Management & communication Classes organised by ICAI. 

 

 

Achievements 
 

● Received appreciation form onshore client for an extraordinary presentation on quarter close 
performance. 

● Recognised by leadership in GENPACT for outstanding performance in 1st quarter close of 

joining. 
● Secured 62% in financial reporting in CA Final Exam. 
● Cultural head in school and managed many events. 

 

 
 

Strengths 

• Good Communication skills 

• Quick learner 

• Enthusiastic 

 

Personal Details 

Spouse’s Name   Ashish Goyal 

Date of Birth                           04th July, 1988 

Marital Status                        Married 

Languages Proficiency          English and Hindi 

Current Location                                  Pune 

 


