









































Microsoft Word - SONIA JOSEPH_CV


SONIA JOSEPH 
House no: 4/794, A, Karippalam, Kochi, 

Kerala, India, Pin: 682002 
E mail – sonia_josey@yahoo.co.in, Mobile: 08075921785 

OBJECTIVE 
  
To achieve professional excellence by being part of an organization and contributing to its 
progress. I take pride in achieving the best possible results. 
 
PROFILE

  
 Qualified in Final Examination of Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI) in 

December 2011. 

 Bachelor of Commerce (B Com) from Mahatma Gandhi University in 2008. 

 Certification Course in NSE–Capital Market (Dealers) Module from National Stock 

Exchange’s Certification in Financial Market (NCFM). 

 Certificate course in Finance and banking from ICFAI Business School. 

 Consistent performer in Academic and professional assignments 

 Exposed to Accounting software and ERP software (Microsoft Navision). 

 

EXPERIENCE 

  
 Present Position: From Dec, 2017 

Working in Silpi Architects, Ernakulam, as Finance and HR Head 

 
Job profile: 
 Supervising the financial accounting systems for cash management, accounts payable, 

accounts receivable, credit control, and petty cash 
 Ensuring that all statutory requirements of the firm are met including Income Tax, Goods 

and Services Tax, etc. 
 Ensuring all required records are kept current and any statutory returns completed in a 

timely manner 
 Leading the administration of Payroll processes 
 Overseeing the HR function and processes 
 Providing advice and support regarding project management. 



 

  

 From Mar, 2012 to Dec, 2017 

Worked as Senior Associate in Ford Motor Pvt. Ltd., Chennai 

 
Job profile: 
 Supporting Ford credit which is the financial services arm of Ford Motor Company, by 

performing tasks to ensure that dealership’s financial statements are accurate and 
comply with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).  

 Performing dashboard analysis and watch reports which are the risk monitoring tools to 
track financial performance, inventory management and to create future short term 
action plans to mitigate risk. 

 To help control Ford Credit’s exposure to risk by reviewing legal documents executed by 
the dealership with Ford Credit. 

 

  

 March, 2010 to March, 2012 

Worked as Assistant Manager in M/s K A Felix & Co, Cost Accountants 

(M/s K A Felix & Co is one of the leading Cost and management Accountant firms in Kerala 
with branches at Kochi and Coimbatore. The core area of specialization is cost consulting 
and advisory services) 

 

Job profile: 

 Cost Audit which includes verification of cost accounts in accordance with the Companies 

(Cost Audit Report) Rules, 2011. 

 Preparation of Closing Stock Valuation Report on FIFO basis. 

 Maintaining company accounts. 

 Preparation of MIS and Service tax reports. 

 
 
QUALIFICATIONS 
Professional 

  
 I.C.A.I 

 
 



Academics 
  

 B-Com from Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala, 2008. 
 12th (CBSE), Kendriya Vidyalaya, Cochin Port Trust, Kerala, 2005. 
 Xth STD. (CBSE), Kendriya Vidyalaya, INS Dronacharya, Kerala, 2003. 

 
 
OTHER SKILLS 

  
 MS Office. 
 Financial Accounting Package (Tally ERP 9) 
 Certificate in Computing and Finance from I.C.A.I Cochin Chapter 
 Programming techniques (visual basic) 
 
 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 

  
 
 Participated in cultural and sports events during school days. 
 Have interest in Pencil drawing and painting. 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 

  
Spouse’s Name : Sijo V. George (Employed at Nuance Transcription Services) 
Father’s Name  : T. A. Josey (Retired from private employment) 
Mother’s Name : E. A. Mary (Employed as Senior Audit Officer in the O/o the AG (Audit), 

Kerala.) 
Date of Birth  : 26th April 1988 
Gender  : Female 
Marital Status  : Married 
Languages known : Malayalam, English & Hindi. 
Nationality  : Indian 
Permanent Address : Sonia Joseph 

  House No: 4/794, A 
  Karippalam, Kochi 
  Kerala, India, Pin: 682002 

 
References: 
 
 Vincent Ravikumar 

Supervisor – Ford - Dealer Credit 
Ford Motor Private Limited 



Mob- +919677025725 
 

 M.V. Seena 
Senior Audit Officer 
Customs Receipt Audit Section 
Office of the Accountant General (Audit) Kerala 
Kochi Branch Office 
Phone no: 9846823939 

 
*more references may be provided upon request. 
 
 
DECLARATION: 
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
 
Place: Ernakulam (Sonia Joseph) 


