














































CURRICULAM VITAE 

 

HARDIK KALSARA 

Email Id:  Hardik7725@gmail.com 

Mobile:  +91 9016261373 

LinkedIn Id:  www.linkedin.com/in/hardik-kalsara-032a39b3 

 

Career objective: -  

Contributing up to the best of my level and prove to be an earning asset for the organization, 

Professional growth and which will help me to gain sufficient knowledge. 

 

SKILLS:  

Technical skills:   

➢ OSI model, TCP-IP model 

➢ Network Topologies 

➢ IPv4, IPv6, Sub netting 

➢ Configuration of Router 

➢ Configuration of Switch                                                                   

➢ VLAN, TELNET, SSH 

➢ Basics of Firewall  

➢ Wireless access points 

➢ Basics of VPN 

➢ LAN cabling 

➢ Hyper-V, VmWare 

➢ Knowledge about the RedHat Linux.  

 

Other skills:   

➢ RedHat RHCSA Certified 

➢ Linux_Rhel7, Ubuntu & Windows (10,8), XP.  

➢ MS-office proficiency 

➢ Work well under dead-lines and extreme pressures 

➢ Ability to multitask and prioritize efficiently 

➢ Work independently as well as with the team 

➢ Capability to understand and adapt to new environments and 

technology 

 

 

 

mailto:Hardik7725@gmail.com


EXPERIENCE DETAILS: 

1) Company:   Wipro Technologies 

    Designation:   Desktop Support L2 (June 2018 till now) 

    Responsibilities:                        

➢ Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot XP, Windows 7 and 

Microsoft Office and any other authorized desktop applications. 

➢ Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot for printers, computer 

hardware and any other authorized peripheral equipment. 

➢ Performs general preventative maintenance tasks on computers, 

laptops, printers and any other authorized peripheral equipment. 

➢ Customize desktop hardware to meet user specifications and site 

standards. 

➢ Troubleshooting network connectivity in a LAN/WAN environment. 

➢ Routers, switches and firewall experience. 

➢ Microsoft Office 2010, Office 2013 support. 

➢ Working knowledge of DHCP, AD and remote control tools 

➢ Performs work in compliance within specified warranty 

requirements. 

➢ Maintain the Assets inventory. 

➢ Troubleshooting and restoring to client, personal computers (PC) or 

notebooks that has authorized access to the network. 

➢ Develop trends by monitoring and analyzing incoming calls, 

problems and support requests Operational. 

 

 

2) Company:   Tata Communications Data Centre Private Limited. 

    Designation:   Associate Network Engineer (Oct 2016 to May 2018). 

    Responsibilities:   

➢ Provide a RHS & Technical Support to Our Customer for their 

requirements. 

➢ Configuration of Router and Switch. 

➢ Provide LAN Cabling to Customer. 

➢ Provide a IT support our Outside Customers & fulfill their 

requirement. 

➢ Helping Customer to Mounting Devices in their racks.                                                                   

➢ As per customer instructions we assist them through direct calls and 

emails in troubleshooting their network device setup they built here 

in data Centre. 

➢ Assist to establish network setup by mounting and troubleshoot 

network devices such as: Routers, Switches and Firewalls. 

➢ Responsible for L1 activities with remotely support. 

➢ Raise ticket for internal as well as customer activities. 

 



3) Company:                                 Authentic Hi-tech Solution 

     Designation:                            Site Engineer (April to October2016) 

    Responsibilities: 

 Perform calibrations and/or verifications of instruments and 

equipment to approved job plans, work instructions and procedures. 

 Assist with validation execution or engineering commissioning as 

assigned by Management team 

 

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS:  

➢ Qualification :- 

1) BE in Electronics and Communications from Gujarat Technology University, Gujarat 

with 6.33 CGPA.  

2) Diploma in Electronics and Communications from Gujarat Technology University, 

Gujarat with 6.21 CGPA. 

 

➢ Higher secondary: - 

                H.S.C. from Gujarat state board with 54% 

➢ Secondary: - 

                S.S.C. from Gujarat state board with 71.38% 

 

ACHIVEMENTS: 

➢ Awarded with Certificate of Excellence for Extra Ordinary Contribution in Operations from 

Tata Communication Data Center Pvt. Ltd.  

➢ Awarded with Silver Medal in Inter School Kabaddi Competition 

➢ Awarded with More Than Three Certificates in Drawing Competition Held at District Level 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of birth: 20 January 1992   Gender:     Male 

Nationality:    INDIAN     Marital Status:     Single 

Language skills:   English, Gujarati, Hindi 

Hobbies:   

➢ Kabaddi, Football, Travelling & Painting. 

 

DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.   

         Yours faithfully 

          Hardik Kalsara 


