













































CURRICULUM VITAE


Curriculum Vitae 
Phanindra Kumar 
Plot No 51/p, KPR Colony 
Puppalaguda, Manikonda 
Hyderabad – 500089 
Telangana. 
Mobile: +91 9502330114 
E-Mail: veeragattamphanindra@gmail.com 
 

 
 
Career Objective: 
  

            To play a key role in an organization where I can contribute to the progress of the company, 
demonstrate my skills and to gain maximum exposure to the emerging technologies. 

 
Accomplishment: 
 
• 2.2 years of Experience in I.T Sector as L1  Support Engineer . 
• Working Experience in MySQL, LINUX   
• Handling of Network Monitoring Tool: NAGIOS, OP manager, Zabbix 
• Handling of Ticketing Tool: Servicenow.   
 
Educational Qualifications: 
 
                                   

Course/Degree 
 

School/College University/Board 
Year of 

Completio
n 

Percentage 
of Marks 

B. TECH 
(Information 
Technology) 

MVGR College of 
Engineering & 

Technology 

Jawaharlal Nehru 
Technological 

University Kakinada 
2016 64.9% 

Intermediate 
(Higher Secondary) 

Narayana Junior College Andhra Pradesh State 
Board 

2012 81.4% 

Std. X 
Bhashyam Public School Andhra Pradesh State 

Board 
2010 83% 

 

Experience:   

 
Company       : IMI Mobile India Pvt Ltd. 
Duration        : October16-Present. 
Designation  : Network  Support Engineer. 
Location        : Hyderabad , India.  

 



Roles and Responsibilities: 

 

 Responsible for providing the support in L1/L2 level depending on the priority of the issues.  

 Providing support to client on 24/7. 

 Ensuring that the goals of the Incident Management process are achieved; restoring normal 
service as soon as possible based on customer perspective and within defined SLA  

 Monitoring of Servers. 

 Detecting, logging, categorizing and prioritizing  incidents and providing initial Incident Support 

 Work with other teams to identify improvement opportunities and ensure end-to-end success of 
the Incident Management process 

 Monitoring and supporting client’s infrastructure. 

 Trouble shooting of customers issues in depth and liaise with QA and Development,  raising 
defects, features with Product Management Contributing towards adding more monitoring 
elements and enhancing the monitoring capabilities. 

 Escalate to development team when code changes are required or complex issues are faced. 

 Train and mentor Service Desk Engineers. 
 

 
Technical Skills: 
 

 Operating System      : Linux, Windows. 

 Database                     : MySQL 

 Web Technologies     : HTML, JavaScript 

 Tools & Packages       : MS Office, MS Excel 
 
Additional Details 

Date of Birth 24th, July 1995 

Hometown Visakhapatnam 

Marital Status Single 

Hobbies Singing Songs, Playing cricket 

Languages known English, Telugu, Hindi 

 
 
        
 


