















































RESUME







     RESUME
THEJASWINI V 

                                           Phone No: +91 9986348377
India, Bangalore                                                         E-mail: theju.rajesh2917@gmail.com

	OBJECTIVE:

	Quest to work and learn in a real professional and vying ambiance that enables me to cope with the emerging as well as latest technology and scope for widening the spectrum of my knowledge.


	ExPERIENCE summary:

	· 1.5 years of extensive experience in application development using C#,ASP.NET,Java
· Strong implementation knowledge of Java.

· Strong experience in all the phases of software development life cycle including requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation, deployment and support. 

· Efficient in using scripting languages like JavaScript for client side validation.

· Strong database programming skills in SQL.

· Good Knowledge on Linux Operating and commands. 

· Efficient team member with excellent work/time management skills, excellent leadership, communications and Interpersonal Skills, ability to work under strict deadlines. 

· Excellent communication and organizational skills with zeal to learn new technologies.

· Well versed with entire development life cycle and facilitating agile practices.


	WORK Experience:

	· Working as an A5 Senior Analyst in Capgemini, Bangalore, since May 2016 to till date.


	Education:

	· B.Tech from MITS, Madanapalli-2015.
· Intermediate from Sri Siddartha, Andhra Pradesh.


	Skill Set:

	 Technologies:
	Java, .NET,C#

	Web Technologies: 
	HTML, CSS, JavaScript,  XML, ADO.NET

	Databases:
	SQL

	Operating System:
	Windows, Linux


PROJECTS SUMMARY:
Capgemini (Current Employer from August 2016 to May 2017)

	Type of Industry:
	McDonald’s

	Project Description: 
	Production based technical Level-3 support. The support process involves supporting the installation, upgrades and resolving the issues occurring at the store to ensure that the world's largest chain of fast food restaurants services remain streamlined. Project requires work on NP6 application and UNIX.

	Role:
	POS Analyst


	Project Duration:
	Jan 2016 – May 2017

	Responsibilities: 
	Management, Problem Management

Analyzing the problems and providing resolution to it within the defined SLA.

Interacting with Store Manager and technicians resolve issues to the store devices or to perform an  Incident upgrade for the betterment of stores.

Effectively communicating with the onsite and offshore team members in order to achieve process excellence.

Mentoring new resources

	Operating Systems:


	Win 07, Windows 2008/10

	Special Tools:
	Server –Terminal Server, ISPVM, Anzio lite, Ultra VNC,  NextGen, Cashless tool, New POS installer toolbox, Cellphie tool, VHQ.



(Thejaswini V)
