














































RESUME 
 
                                                                                                     Miss. Aishwarya Vijaykumar Honrao 

                                                                                                Mob No: (+91)7083629719 

                                                       Email: aishwaryavhonrao@gmail.com 

 
Career Objective  

 
To work in a challenging environment where I can make best use of my knowledge and 

prove myself as a valuable asset of the organization and country to enhance my working ability. 

Career Summary  

 
 A result oriented professional with 1+ year experience in business processes as a Sr. 

Associate.   

 Proficient in talking follow up on daily basis. 

 Expertise in working with a team.  

 Excellent working knowledge of computer application like MS-Excel, MS-Word and Web 

browser. 

 Skilled in prioritizing work and completing task with minimum supervision. 

 Stress tolerance and has the ability to meet tight deadlines.  

 

Skill  

 
 Good communication skills. 

 Good interpersonal skills with an ability to understand the customer’s problem and solving 

them. 

 Passionate to learn and explore new things. 

 Ability to learn and explore new things. 

 Good observing and analytical skills. 

 Good knowledge about the computer applications. 

 

Employers 

 
Working with Wipro Pvt. Ltd, for Capital One (US & Canada) banking process as a Sr. 
Associate since from Jul-2017.   
 
Responsibilities:- 

 Investigate fraud transaction happened on customer’s account. 
 To resolve account fraud and provide proper solution. 
 Managing the team target as well as individual target of team members. 
 To check and updating all the queries concern with the customer and give them solutions. 
 Ensuring targets and performance levels are maintained within own area of responsibility 

Achievements:- 
 High Target with 100% Quality Quarterly Award in Dec-2017. 

 Top Performer In Queue Award in Dec-2017. 
 
 



Tech Mahindra Business Services for Vodafone Prepaid (Mum) as a Customer Care Executive 
since from Nov-2015 to Jun-2016. 
 
Responsibilities:-    

 Attending the calls and resolve the problem. 

 Attending the daily, weekly and monthly targets specified by the process. 

 Adhering to the schedule as a prescribed by TL. 

 Providing the feedback to the Team Leader at the end of the day.  

 Taking the quality feedback from QA.  
Achievements:- 

 Best Trainee Award in Nov-Dec 2015. 

 Client Appreciation Award in Feb-2016.  

 RNR awards: 

 Best Quality Performer last 4 months. 

 Best Associate last 3months. 
 
Educational Qualification  

 B.Sc(E.C.S.) with 58.67% marks from Solapur University, year 2016. 

 12th with 48.17% marks from Pune board, year 2012. 

Technical Skill 

 O.S.:- Windows XP, 7. 
 Tools:-Microsoft Office 2007, 2010. 

Personal Details  

 
Name   :  Aishwarya Vijaykumar Honrao 

Permanent Address  :  A/P:Watambare, 
                                                     Tal.- Sangola, 
                                                           Dist-solapur  

                                                           413307 

Date of Birth   :   04
th

 Sep 1994. 
Gender   :  Female 

Marital Status   :  Single 

Nationality   :  Indian 

Languages Known  :  English, Hindi and Marathi. 

 

Declaration 

I consider myself familiar with Computer Science graduation Aspects. I am also confident of 
my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the 
best of my knowledge. 
 
 
 
Date    :  
Place   :  Pune.                                                                                                     Honrao Aishwarya V. 
 


