












































Profile Summary Skill Set
 A dynamic HR Professional with 5 years’ rich experience in Recruitm

ent, Training & Development, Performance Management with well-
known organizations.

 Holds the distinction of playing a key role in the automation of HR s
ystems to enhance overall efficiency and service effectiveness

 Adept at maintaining healthy employee relations, handling employe
e grievances thus creating an amicable & transparent environment.

 A keen communicator with the ability to relate to people across all
hierarchical levels in the organization.

 A good Skills of Coordination, Believer of group Dynamics, Ability to
deal with people in-
group and in surrounding, Always willing to learn and act on new thi
ngs, Caliber to deal with new problems, Maintaining HR Reports

Talent Acquisition & Recruitment

HRIS

Payroll & PMS

Employee Engagement

Vendor Management

Employee On boarding & Induction

Exit Formalities

Creative Development

Career Timeline

Ruby Singh
Mobile No: 9422356801       : Email Id: rubysweet.singh@gmail.com

An MBA HR Generalist with 5 Plus years of progressively responsible experience in HR
processes across the employee life cycle – ranging from induction, policy clarification,
career development, performance management, retention & attrition management, to
implementation of HR processes.

GKDJ &
Associate

SSK Group of
Company
(SYSKA)

Executive –
HR & Admin

Oct’12 – Aug’13

Designation
Aug’13 – Present

Designation

Assistant
Manager – HR
Generalist



Work Experience

SSK Group of Company (SYSKA) August’2013 to till date
Assistant Manager – HR Generalist                                     Team Member: 3
Growth Path:
Aug’13 –July’15: Executive – HR Generalist
July’14 – July’18: Sr. Executive – HR Generalist
August’14 – At Present: Assistant Manager – HR Generalist

Key Result Areas:

Talent Acquisition & Recruitment
 Carry out manpower planning for actual recruitment process on the annual business plan
 Managing interview and hiring process to ensure high quality hires and compliance with internal policies and

procedure.
 Produce status report indicating recruiting activity, casts, and candidates status
 Manage the process of background check, compensation recommendation, salary negotiations, offer extension

and offer closing.

Payroll
 Ensuring accurate and timely process and maintenance of payroll and other employee related document.
 Leave management & Advances , Loan, & Bonus
 Queries solving regarding payroll.

Statutory Compliances.
 Getting PF Nomination form filled from the Associates.
 Submitting to the PF consultants
 Submitting PF nomination (Form 5) & PF Withdrawal (Form 10) to PF consultant on 1st and 15th of the month.
 Completion of PF withdrawal & ESI formalities

HRIS
 Maintaining Employee Data Base & Records as employee join.
 Employee Communication & Documentation.
 Maintained leave and attendance records
 Maintained of Personnel File

Performance Management System
 Assisting Manager in implementing performance Management system right from commitment stage to salary

increment stage
 360 & 180 degree appraisal
 Handled Promotions, Up gradation, Transfers and Annual Revisions

Employee Engagement / Welfare
 Ensured prompt resolution of employee grievance to maintain cordial management – employee relations and

achieve dedication by work
 Involved people for various activities like cultural activities.
 Ensured employee maintains high level of professionalism and competence in their assigned work
 Best Employee Rewards to Sales Team, Festival Celebration, Birthday Celebration, Shopping Vouchers Distribution.
 Maintaining positive and achievement oriented work environment for employees



Joining & Exiting
 Carry out all joining formalities
 Responsible for completing Relieving Formalities including Clearance from All Department, Exit interview, full &

final settlement Co-ordination.
 Circulate introduction mail of new joinees across the organization.

GKDJ & Associate, Pune Oct’12 – Aug’13
Executive HR & Admin

Significant Accomplishments:
 Managed Process and disbursement of payroll and reimbursement including leave encashment advances, loan and

bonus.
 Managed Payroll cycle in coordination with attendance, Leave and various other payroll inputs.
 Carrying out all joining & exiting formalities
 Birthday Celebration, Festival Celebration, outdoor & indoor games.
 Updating and Maintaining Manpower File, Personal File and other records.
 Handling all admin work.
 Reimbursement all cash expenses.

Education
Year of passing                  Degree                             University /Board

 2012 MBA (HR) Pune  University
 2009 BSC (Chemistry). Pune University
 2006 Matriculation CBSE Board
 2004 Intermediate CBSE  Board

PROJECT
Project Details

 Summer Internship: MBA
 Name of the project: Performance  Appraisal  Effectiveness  Analysis
 Name of company: Nokia Siemens Network
 Duration: 50 days

IT Skills
 Operating Systems   :  Windows
 Microsoft Excel /  Word / Power Point

Personal Details
Father’s Name :  Sub. Rameshwar Singh

Mother’s Name :  Dev Kanti Singh
Date of Birth :  20th Feb 1988
Marital Status :  Single
Languages Known :  English, Hindi, Marathi
Hobbies :  Listening to music, Reading books

Interacting with people
Permanent Address : Sneha Appt  Flat no.17,Chandannagar

,Kharadi Pune 14.




