












































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

PRAKASH.K

1954,LIG PHASE 1

Gandhimanagar

Peelamedu, Coimbatore
                                                              Mobile No: +91-9965632222    

                                                                                                      E-mail: prakashmail2u@gmail.com

	Objective 

	              To be associated with a progressive organization that gives me scope to expand my knowledge and skills in accordance with the latest trends and be part of team that dynamically works towards growth of organization and to gain satisfaction thereof.




-

	Education 

	Course
	Board/University
	Institution / School
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

(CGPA)

	BE [electronics and communication engineering]
	Autonomous Institution / Affiliated to Anna University
	Coimbatore Institute of Technology
	2005
	6.96/10

	H.S.C
	State board
	C.S.I Higher Secondary School, Coimbatore
	2001
	81%

	S.S.L.C
	State board
	C.S.I Matriculation, Coimbatore
	1999
	80%


Technical Skill Sets 

Fundamentals              : Basic Router and Switch Security.WAN Technologies, 



        Frame-Relay, ISDN

Routing Basics
      : Router Configuration, Routing Protocols,

Access Lists.

Technologies   
:  ROUTING, SWITHCHING, WAN, QoS, IPv4, Access Lists

Protocols  
      : TCP/IP stack, PPP, HDLC, FRAME-RELAY, Routing
  
                     :  OSI Model, Networking Concepts
Certification                :  CCNA Network Administrator done at New Horizons @ Tiong Bahru 
                                        Complex, Singapore. (2010).

Technical Skill Sets 

Operating Systems
:   OS/390, Z/OS, Windows 9x/XP.

Languages     
 
:   MVS, JCL, COBOL

Access Methods
:   VSAM

OLTP


:   CICS

RDBMS

:   DB2
Certification

:   Mainframe Application Developer at Maples, Chennai INDIA (2007)

Other Skill Sets 

1. Completed the Risk Assessment Training Course at Asmi Singapore.

	Experience

	· Working as a Engineer in WHL MARINE ENGG PTE LTD, 27 C Pioneer Lot, Benoi Road Singapore – Jan 2008  - August 2011
 (WHL MARINE ENGG – A Resident Contractor of Keppel Offshore and Marine Tuas Yard, 51, Pioneer Sector Singapore)


	Roles and Responsibilties in Ship Repair Piping

	· OS Maintenance and installation of Windows Server 2000, 2003, Windows XP, 9X

· Troubleshooting PC’s and installation of external hardware devices (Printers, Modems & Faxes through XP).

· Network establishment.

· Configuring Win Server 2000 as a remote desktop connection to XP

As an admin executive carried out the Costing, Budgeting, Analyzing the financial half yearly status of the company.

Operation Side Experience : 

· FSO Urwasi, responsible design of piping layout of steam, air, IG Vapor Line and detail engineering of different piping systems.
· Preparation of HSE plan, including Environmental plan, inspection plans, checklists & formats and to ensure the implementation of the same.
· Preparation of Risk Assessment & other Hazard Analysis methods, environmental impact assessments and other method statements conforming to safe working procedures.
· Preparation of all procedures for Hot & cold works such as Confined Space Entry, Loading operations, welding & cutting operations, Hydro & Pneumatic pressure testing, radiography, excavation etc.
· Preparing the Man-Hour Estimations.
· Carry out the Piping works in many repair vessel projects.
· Carried out the Job settlement with the main con Keppel shipyard Tuas.
Performs other tasks as directed by the project Manager




	Academic Project

	Title               :  Design and Implementation of NLP Sub System for Speech Recognition Application

Description    : The system for NLP is the prime component of the Speech Recognition Engine since, apart from the signal processing part where the speech features are extracted; the data is comprehensive transformed by syntactic and semantic analysis of Natural Language Structure using the N-gram method. My contribution in this was the design of Multi-way tree using Binary trees for aiding the transformation of phonemes to Words of the English language. This is only done for a finite vocabulary.




	Mainframe Application – Project Details

	Module 

:  Employee Payroll Processing.

Environment

:  IBM Mainframe.

Software

:  VS COBOL II, JCL.

Database

:  DB2, VSAM.

Tools


:  TSO/ISPF, SPUFI, QMF.

Description

:

                                    This project deals with the Payroll Management operations of large scale industry which has employee strength over 25,000. The company’s Payroll application system access VSAM files were converted in to DB2 table. This project deals with the enhancement of the existing process for transfer of data from VSAM to DB2 tables.




	Personal Profile

	Father’s Name
	Krishnamoorthy. K

	Date of Birth
	21/04/1984 

	Languages Known
	English, Tamil

	Passport No
	F4797409

	Residential Mobile No.
	+91- 9894112577.


	Expected Salary Per Month
	SG $ 2500

	Notice Period
	1 Months (With In One Months)


Reasons for Leaving Last Job

· Strong desire to succeed.

· After developing own career plan according to personal character and interest, decide to make a career change.

	Declaration

	        I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place  : Coimbatore
Date   : 09-02-2012




                             K.Prakash




