





































  BHANU PRADEEP
Strathclyde Business School





                   Phone: +919573420069                            
199 Cathedral Street





                           pradeepbhanu@yahoo.com    Glasgow, United Kingdom



                          
                   pradeepkondaveeti@yahoo.com  
CAREER OBJECTIVE

To obtain a challenging position on business operations as Business Analyst where I will have the opportunity of utilizing my excellent verbal communication skills, showcasing my exceptional ability to give an efficient and effective solution that will help the organization to achieve the best solution in business and ultimately increase its productivity in market.

STRENGTHS

· Actively Eliciting requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis.
· Critically evaluating information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs
· Proactively communicating and collaborating with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements
· Strong analytical and product management skills including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements.

· Excellent verbal, written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.
· Demonstrated ability to collaborate with developers and subject matter experts, to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.
· Keen conflict resolution expert coupled with skills to confidently handle logical reasoning and problem solving.
· Versatile, quick learner with a taste for challenge and talent for mastering new technologies quickly and effectively.

· Having a positive attitude to manage stress and work with dedication to achieve the organization’s vision.
ACADEMICS
Masters – Business & Information Technology Systems     (scored 62%)          2010-11
Strathclyde Business School, Glasgow, United Kingdom

Core Modules include –     Managing Business Resources
    Operations management  

              Developing Business Strategy 
    Enterprise Architecture

              Database Management Systems    Project management


              Web Systems Development
    Service Management

· This course aims to create hybrid managers and is focused on practical approach and team work with real time projects.

· Enabled me to undertake challenging projects and identify recent Industry trends.
Bachelors in Engineering– Electronics & Communication   (scored 69.5%)        2004-09
Thiruvalluvar College of Engineering &Technology, Anna University, Chennai
Core Modules include – Electronic Circuits
           Digital Electronics




          Computer Architecture   Microwave Engineering



          Network Analysis
           Linear Integrated Circuits
Diploma – Electronics & Communication

       (scored 61%)            2000-04
Govt. Polytechnic College, JNT University, Anantapur

Core Modules include –   Advanced Microprocessors     Industrial Management




            Electronic Testing
        Modern Communication Engineering
IT SKILLS
            Languages                  -      
C, HTML, PHP, Java script

            Databases                  -      
MySQL

            Packages                    -      
MS Office – 07, MS Project
            Operating systems     -
 Linux, Microsoft windows (XP, Vista, 7)
PROJECTS HANDLED
· Developed a project – “Business Strategy analysis of an IT firm” that helped me to analyze the key aspects of strategy (development & implementation) in multiple departments and their importance in making a profitable business.

· As a part of Course module – Managing Business Resources, I had played a role of “Management Consultant” (6 months) for European Security organization named SitexOrbis and Charity organization named Move On (Glasgow-UK). This helped me to excel in the internal & external Problem analysis, Strategy development, implementing my methodologies to address and solve the practical business & technical problems, Risk management.

· As a part of Course module – Developing Business Strategy, I had played a role of   “Strategy Analyst” for an IT firm. This helped me to excel in developing strategic plans for Marketing and Risk assessment by performing business analysis with tools like SWOT, CATWOE, Michael Porters model and BCG Matrix. 
· Developed a web Application project ‘Music Distribution System’ by using PHP, MySQL, JavaScript and CSS.
· Developed a project – “Protocol Implementation between two Micro controllers” that allows the user to send data through serial programming. This can be utilized with IR as sensors and in real time applications (Mobile phones, ID callers and computers). 

· Developed a project – “Location Based Services using GPS” is a client server application that allows users to find the mobile phone user by tracking their location  
PERSONAL DOSSIER
Date of Birth
:    30th Oct 1984

Languages known
:    English, Telugu, Tamil, Hindi   
 

Address

:    Rajendra nagar, Hyderabad – 500048

References

:    Available on Request

Available to travel/ Relocate

