












































CV Template

Résumé

             Chaitra Hegde

Chaitra K Hegde
Infosys Limited
Email: ms.chaitra_hegde@rediffmail.com
 Phone: 7795538331
Career Objectives
Having a goal of working in an industry that can provide a better platform for the career. Want to implement my skills in real time to make it effective for the company as well as for my future endeavors. Strong programming, analytical and logical skills. Proven team player with effective interpersonal and communication skills. Can easily adapt to quick learning software and applying it to meet the real time requirements.

Experience Summary 

· I am an associate with Infosys Limited for the last 1 year 7 months that includes handling the processes of leading client British Telecoms (BT).

· Strong troubleshooting knowledge on broadband and telecom connections.

· Worked efficiently on handling customer calls and providing the support for the BT services.

· Proficient in using the tools for troubleshooting and solving the customer queries.

Qualifications

	Degree and Date
	Institute
	Year of Passing

	Bachelor of Science

In Bio-technology
	MES Pre University College, Sirsi, Karnataka Board
	2009

	PUC-2
	Karnataka Board
	2005

	SSLC
	Karnataka Board
	2003


Computer Skills
Programming Languages:  HTML, VB, C, and C++.

RDBMS:                            Oracle 8i, Microsoft Access.

Applications:                     Tally 7.0, DTP.

Assignments
The details of the various assignments that I have handled are listed here, in chronological order.

	Process
	British Telecom’s Broadband services

	Customer
	British Telecom

	Period
	Aug 2011 to Till Date

	Description
	The process is giving support to the BT customers in resolving 

their broadband related queries. It also includes troubleshooting 

to decide the main cause for the issue. The customer queries 

are being handled directly through the calls and if the problem 

persists then appointing the engineer to the site and following 

up the progress. Also arranging the call-back to the customer to 

ask for the feedback of  the resolution of their concerned 
broadband related problems.


	Process
	British Telecom’s Repair

	Customer
	British Telecom

	Period
	Apr 2011 to Jul 2011

	Description
	The process was giving support to the BT customers regarding 

their telecom related problems. The support includes verifying 

the BT telephone lines for their connectivity, and checking 

signal related queries. Also providing the customers with some 

troubleshooting steps to ensure the proper connection on the 

site. If the problem persists in the installed BT line then 

appointing the engineer and making sure that the problem will 

be solved within the given timeline.


Strengths
	· Can give a start without experience

· Adaptive to any situation

· Ambitious & Hardworking

	· Good Verbal and written communication skills
· Good Team Player

· Good leadership qualities



Personal Details

	Date of Birth
	28-April-1987

	Nationality
	Indian

	Marital Status
	Unmarried

	Address
	#1136, 19th Main, 

3rd Cross,
J.P Nagar 2nd Phase

Bangalore- 78


Declaration
I here by declare that all the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

                                                                                                         Chaitra Hegde
Page 3 of 3

