














































MEGHA SHAH   

meghashah635@gmail.com   

+91-9104254020      
 
 

OBJECTIVE   

To build a career in growing organization, where I can get the opportunities to prove my 

abilities by accepting challenges, fulfilling the organizational goal and climb the career 

ladder through continuous learning and commitment.     

 

EDUCATION   

Bachelors of Commerce M.S University Passed in the year of 2013, Scored 50%    

Higher Secondary School Certificate Gujarat Board Passed in the year of 2010, Scored 61%    

Additional Courses Post-Graduation in Diploma in Business Administration in 2014 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE     

Currently working with ICA EDU SKILLS Pvt. Ltd as anOperation Executive at Regional 

office from January -2018 to till Date  

Company Profile: - Skilled Partner of NSDC (National Skill Development Corporation) 

and working on Govt. Skill development Projects.   

Key Role: - HR Management, Petty Cash & Payment Handling     

 Dealing with employee salary and payroll queries and assist the HR for business 

requirement. 

 Processing all new starters and leavers including production of employment 

contracts, induction packs, reference requests, company handbooks, relieving letters 

and holiday payments. 

 Processing all paperwork associated with employment changes and variations to 

required employment forms. 

 Deliberating and reviewing SOP (Standard operating process) for Payroll process 

 Responsible for explaining payroll cost variance, compared to plan on monthly basis. 

 Creating and maintaining all employee personnel files, ensuring archiving of leavers 

and cleansing of information held in line with the data protection act. 

 Handling part payment entry for Re Schedulement. 

 Maintaining Pan Book stack for issued and received on daily basis. 

 KYC Application form, signature verification, income proof, credit civil checking 



 Coordinating with customers for document follow up and proposal form filling 

 Coordinating and sharing information flow with insurer, on customer data and any 

special requirement as required. 

 Handling and catering to cancellations and modifications requests. 

 Timely settlement of security and cash transactions on due date and reconciliation 

cash accounts. 

 Paying attention to detail and logical pragmatic approach to resolve the problems 

and queries. 

 Strong understating of operational risk and control and ability to both implement 

and manage a control framework.  

 Firm understanding of basic accounting principles. 

 

 

KARVAT COVER MORE ASSIST PVT. LTD.  Worked as an Operation Executive from 

October 2014 – June 2017.  

Company Profile - Overseas Medical Insurance providing company  

Key Roles - “Issuing the policies, maintaining daily and monthly sales reports, Verification 

of documents, Explaining products to travel agents and sometimes to customers, Process 

over claims”   

Technical Skill   

M.S. Office, Communication, Using of web portal     

 

PERSONAL PROFILE   

Father’s Name : Niranjanbhai Shah   

Date of Birth  : 19-08- 1993  

Gender  : Female  

Marital Status : Unmarried  

Languages Known : Gujarati, Hindi, & English  

Nationality  : Indian  

Present Address        : Kundan Park Society,Naranpura Char Rasta,Ahmedabad – 380013. 

Declaration: 

I the undersigned certify that to the best of my knowledge and belief the above data 

correctly describe my qualifications, my experience and me. 

Date: 

Place:          Megha Shah 


