

























 
C. INDRA BHARATHY  

ADDRESS: 
 
No.255,Bharathwaj Nagar,Varadharajapuram, 
Manimangalam Road,Mudichur. 
Chennai - 600048 
EMAIL: ​indrabharathyindu@gmail.com  
Ph. no - 9094999161/7010820602 

 
 
 

 

Job Objective 
A highly efficient, methodical and talented  Analyst with  experience of developing and 
implementing effective quality control  processes in finanical service industry with expertise 
in fraud strategy. Looking for a company which will challenge my problem solving skills and 
allow me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential.  
 
Educational Qualification 
 
-Master of Business Administration in Finance with 70% from Loyola College. 
-Bachelor of Commerce with 75% from SRM Arts and Science College. 
-HSC (Commerce) with 72% from Sri Ramakrishna Matriculation Hr Sec School. 
-SSLC with 52% from SMR Matriculation School​. 
 
Experience: 
 

● Since September 2016-March 2018: Quatrro Global Services, Chennai as Senior Fraud  
             Analyst​. 

 

       Designation       :  Fraud Analyst 

       Job Role       : Rectifying the Fraud, Chargeback, Case setup 

 
Key​ Deliverables: 
 
Fraud Risk Control Management: 
 

● Credit card recovery specialist for JP Morgan Chase, Reviewing European master and            
visa card. 
 

● Responsible for managing and co-ordinating fraud risk management projects for          
credit card products. 
 

● Performs verifications on customer’s new and pre-owned accounts. 

mailto:indrabharathyindu@gmail.com


 
● Executed and performed client services which included Client calls, transaction          

processing, inquiry research, account maintenance and analyzing customer        
questions, requests and problems. 
 

● Assisted in various projects designed to enhance the bank’s overall deposit risk            
program. 
 

● Researched on chargeback and debit memos received from banks & airlines and            
made decision to collect a pay. 
 

 

Skill Sets 
-Thorough knowledge of Accounting 
-Strong analytical, Well Organized 
- Excellent problem solving skills 
-Take initiative and works independently or as part of a group 
-Hardworking and Optimistic 
-Self Confident 
 
Technical skills: 
-MS Office 2010 
-Internet Savvy 
-Tally ERP 9 
 
Personal Details: 
Father name : M. Chezhiyan 
D.O.B : 09.10.1993 
Gender :  Female 
Marital status :  Single 
Languages known :       Tamil,English - (R-W-S), Hindi - (R-W). 
Mother Tongue   ​:​        Tamil 
Nationality :        Indian 
 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare that all the above statements are true and correct to the best of my 
knowledge and behalf. 
 
Date :  Yours faithfully 
Place :  Chennai. C. Indra Bharathy 


