














































Name :  S.Yugender 
 
Email :  yugendersamala10@gmail.com 
  

Mobile :  8125533024 
 
 
 
 

Career Objective: 
 
To work in an organization that would give me ample scope to improve my skills .To 

succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job 

Satisfaction and self-development and help me achieve personal as well as organization 

goals. 

 

 

Experience: 

 
 1.8 years of experience in software development.

 
 

Educational Qualifications: 
 

LEVEL OF   
YEAR OF AGGREGATE  

EDUCATION INSTITUTION 
BOARD/UNIVERSIT

Y 

 

PASSING (%) 
 

   
 

     
 

B.Tech 

Jagruti College of Jawaharlal Nehru   
 

Engineering & Technological 

 

64 

 

  
 

(Branch CSE) 2015 
 

Technology University, Hyderabad 

 
 

   
 

     
 

Intermediate 

Narayana Junior College 

Board of   
 

Intermediate 

  
 

   
 

  

2011 60 
 

  

Education, A.P. 
 

    
 

     
 

S.S.C Neo Royal High  School 
Board of Secondary   

 

Education, A.P. 2009 71    
 

     
 

 

 

mailto:yugendersamala10@gmail.com


Technical Skills: 
 

 Programming Languages : SQL,PL/SQL,OBIEE 11G & 12C,ODI12c 

 Web Technologies : Html 

 Operating system : Windows 7,8 
 

 

Experience Summary: 
 

 Currently working as Junior Software Developer in Vigilant Technologies, 
Hyderabad since March 2016. 

 

 

Project #1 
 

Title Tecumseh 
  

Role Programmer 

Duration June’2016 to Present 

Team Size 5 

Environment SQL , BI-11G & 12C 
 
Description: 
 
The reporting tool enables the client to analyze their unsorted bulk business sales data to a 
consolidated and sorted report which helps them understand and improve their portfolios. The 
multi-currency conversion to a single centralized currency based on the transaction day’s rates 
irrespective of the date on which the report has been created feature helps in maintaining an 
accurate and unified standard rate and cost estimations across different countries. A graphical 
representation of these sales data against different categories (like no. of ads vs. sales) helps to 
understand better. 

 

Responsibilities: 
 

 Gathered requirements from Product Manager and worked on table schema creation.

 Worked on table and view creation as per the requirement. 


 Worked on report migration from cloud to on-premise.  

 Created dashboards on BI premise and created customized reports.  

 Worked on customization of the dashboards.  

 Created RPD and uploaded them into the server. 
 

 
 
Project #1.1 
 

Title Tecumseh 
  

Role Programmer 

Duration Aug’2017 to Present 

Team Size 3 

Environment SQL , ODI 

 



 

 

Description: 
 
The reporting tool enables the client to analyze their unsorted bulk business sales data to a 
consolidated and sorted report which helps them understand and improve their portfolios. The 
multi-currency conversion to a single centralized currency based on the transaction day’s rates 
irrespective of the date on which the report has been created feature helps in maintaining an 
accurate and unified standard rate and cost estimations across different countries. A graphical 
representation of these sales data against different categories (like no. of ads vs. sales) helps to 
understand better. 

 

Responsibilities: 
 

 Gathered requirements from Product Manager and worked in ODI environment.
      

 Collected the required table’s information and worked on loading the data from EBS to 
target.

 Monitored load plans and gathered information related to the different steps of that load 
plan.

 Worked on resolving issues related to load plans.

 Queried the data required to publish the status update.
 
 

Personal Profile: 
 
Name : S.Yugender 

Father’s name : S.Bakkaiah 

D.O.B : 11/04/1993 

Nationality : Indian 

Languages : English, Telugu, Hindi 

Marital Status : Single 

 

I hereby certify that all the information provided above is true to the best of my Knowledge. 

 

Place: Hyderabad. 
 
Date: S.Yugender 


