













































vigbobo

RESUME

KOUSHIK. R. KHANT (C. A.)



Mob:
91 - 22 - 8108071972
A/3, Gajanan Kripa Co-op Hsg. Soc.



Resi: 
022 – 25132778

Kajupada Bhatwadi,

Ghatkopar (W),

Mumbai – 400084.
     




E-Mail: kkhant2000@yahoo.com

Career Objective:

To work in the competitive and challenging environment where in my educational qualifications and experience coupled with my management skills can be used resourcefully for obtaining desirable results. 

Work Experience:

I am a qualified C.A. having more than TWELVE YEARS of work experience including around Nine years Post Qualification & Three years Pre Qualification experience as follows:
CURRENT:

1. Working with Aditya Birla Minacs since October 2005 till date, as Project Manager with exposure in below areas:
A. Indian Media Industry :
· Finalization of monthly management accounts & preparation of MIS reports.
· Preparation of monthly TDS & Service tax liability.

· Preparation of Statutory returns of TDS & Service tax.

· Handling quarterly & yearly audits & assisting auditors in preparing required reports. 

· Handling of day to day accounting & finance function of the company.

B. US based company in US government contracting business & Dubai based company in Aircharter, Fuel operations  & US government contracting:

· Finalization of monthly management accounts & Preparation of MIS reports.
· Handling financial & US government audits. 

· Handling of day to day accounting function of the company.

C. UK Chartered Accountant firm:
· Finalization of Accounts, Preparation of Tax of VAT returns.

· Preparation of MIS reports such as Budget, Projected and Actual Cash Flow statement, Projected and actual Profitability statement, Inventory management reports.

PREVIOUS:

 1. Worked with “Solar Group of Companies” from November 2002 to September 2005 as an Accounts and Finance Manager.

· Finance:

· Handling day to day finance of the company & Fund Management planning and its profitable utilization.

· Preparing Project finance proposals & looking after bank liasioning work pre & post approval including review & renewal of credit facility.

· Handling issues related to better co-ordination, resource utilization, and communication and to ensure smooth operations.

· Management:

· Guidance related to starting up of new Business Ventures and management for better Resource Utilization, proper Communication & Co-ordination to ensure smooth functioning of the operations.

· Preparation of MIS reports such as Budget, Projected and Actual Cash Flow statement, Projected and actual Profitability statement, Inventory management reports.

· Preparation of legal documents such as MOU, agreements, etc.

· Monitoring Debtors, looking after Sales Tax matters, TDS, Provident Fund, Profession Tax and other Income Tax related matters. 

· Taxation & Company Law Matters

· Looking after Tax Planning including monitoring of routine assessment for Companies, Firms, Trusts, HUF and Individuals.

· Finalization of Accounts and coordinating with Auditors, Income Tax & Sales Tax Consultants.

· Company matters relating to Formation & Registration of Companies. 

2.
Worked with 
	Sr. No.
	Name of the Company
	Work Experience
	Company description
	Position
	Job Description

	1
	Neelkanth Group of Companies.
	From August 2000 to October 2002.
	Builders & Developers.
	Accounts Executive.


	Writing books of Accounts, finalization of A/cs & balancesheet, Preparation of TDS certificates & annual returns, salary certificate & computation of tax, handling of audits & company audit programs, tax planning and preparation of Income Tax Returns for individuals, firms & companies. Company matters relating to formation & registration of companies. Liaison with statutory authorities. Appear & act on behalf of clients before tax authorities.   

	2
	Solar Group of Companies.


	From May 1999 to July 2000.


	Distributors and Franchisee agents of Readymade Garments & Footwear of various brands. 
	Accounts Executive.


	

	3
	Ghalla & Bhansali Chartered Accountants


	From August 1995 to July 1998.


	Chartered Accountants 


	Articled Trainee.


	


Others
:    Operational Knowledge of working on MS Office 2000 and Accounting 

  Package like SAP, Costpoint, Tally & Trio. 

Personal Details:

Languages Known

:
English, Gujarati, Hindi, Marathi, Kutchi

Date of Birth

:
27th March, 1977.


Age

:
34 Years

Martial Status

:
Married

Hobbies


: 
Reading, Listening to Music

KOUSHIK. R. KHANT

