














































Soumya Bhattacharya               Male, 27 years 

Address:  36/1 Barrister P Mitra Road 

     PO- Alambazar 

           Pin code- 700035    

      N24 PGS, West Bengal           Mobile: 8981132463             

DOB:         22-January-1990             Email id: soumyakolkata22@gmail.com 

 

 

Areas of Interest     

Data analytics is the main subject of interest for me and I want to pursue a career where I 

can face challenging problems in this field. I am comfortable with Regression analysis, 

Machine learning models, Time series Analysis, ANOVA. Operation Research is also a subject 

of interest for me and it would be equally pleasing for me to work in the field of this subject. 

 

 

 

Education 

Completed M-Tech in Quality, Reliability and Operation Research from Indian Statistical 

Institute, Kolkata. 

 

Course, Major School/College/University, Board Year of 
completion 

Marks 
obtained 

PG:  
M-Tech in QR & OR 

Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata 2017 58% 

UG: 
B-Tech in 
Electronics and 
Communication 

Future Institute of Engineering and 
Management (West Bengal University 
of Technology) 

2012 63% 

Higher Secondary: 
Mathematics, 
Statistics, Physics, 
Chemistry 

Agarpara Mahajati Vidyapith (West 
Bengal Board of Higher Secondary 
Education) 

2007 64% 

Secondary: 
Addl: Mathematics 

Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission 
Ashram High School (West Bengal 
Board of Secondary Education) 

2005 78% 

 

mailto:soumyakolkata22@gmail.com


Academic Projects/Internship/Training 

 Project on ‘A machine learning model to predict pollution particle concentration in 

air from weather condition’. In this project, data of weather characteristics and 

pollution particle concentration had been imported from website and a predictive 

model was built up using random forest technique. This project was completed in my 

institute, ISI, Kolkata and submitted as dissertation report of my M-Tech course. 

 

 Project on ‘Easy Visualisation of data of performance of Employees and allocating 

the employees to different projects based on requirements of the project and 

previous performance of employees’. In this project, program codes were written to 

construct different graphs which can help to understand the performance of 

different employees in different work scenario. Allocation of employees to different 

projects based on the project needs was also an objective of this project. This project 

was carried during my internship at Ixia Technological Solutions, Kolkata. 

 

 Received training in programming languages(C and C++) from Trust Infocomm.  

 

 Project on ‘Design of single balanced mixer’ (Electronics). This was an academic 

project in my under graduate level. 

 

 

Work Experience 

 Worked as Program Analyst in Cognizant Technology Solutions from May 2013 to 

June 2014. 

 

 

Technical skills 

 Competence to work in R and Python. 

 Basic knowledge in SQL, C, C++. 

 Basic knowledge in Software testing. 

 

 

Extra-Curricular Activities 



 I Love to play football and played District level league and inter-school league in 

football. 

 I am interested in reading Bengali stories and watching movies. 

 Playing chess is also a part of my activities. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hereby I certify that the above details are true to the best of my knowledge.  

 

 

          Date:  06/09/2017 

Soumya Bhattacharya        Place: Kolkata 


