












































Curriculum Vitaé

RESUME
Name

: Nabakishore Sahoo
Mobile No
: +91 9439007058 , +91 7008471071

E-mail
: sahoo.nabakishore61@gmail.com



Career objective: 
Seek to work in an environment that will challenge me further, where I can apply my existing knowledge while allowing me to contribute to the continued growth and success of the organization.

Profile:
· Competent, diligent and result oriented software professional with a progressive experience of 2.5 years in implementation of  Data Warehousing projects using Teradata, Unix and Oracle.

· Exposure to end-to-end development of Business Applications, right from requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding, testing, de-bugging, documentation, implementation and warranty support.

· Good problem solving abilities, willingness to learn, key team player, hard worker with good communication skills.
Professional Summary:
· Currently associated with Exilant Technologies Pvt. Ltd. as a Software Engineer.
· Good knowledge in creating tables, macros, views, stored procedures, joins and indexes in Teradata database.
· Have strong knowledge in different indexes (PI, SI, JI, PPI (MLPPI, SLPPI)) and Collect Statistics.
· Worked with Teradata utilities like BTEQ, Fast Export, Fast Load, Multiload, TPT Load, TPT Stream to export and load data to/from different source systems including flat files.
· Good knowledge in Autosys Jobs and scheduling.
· Used tools like SQL Work Bench, SQL Developer, SVN, GIT Lab, Central Station, Espresso and Radar for Project configuration and management.
· Good communication and interpersonal skills along with strong analytical skills.
Technical proficiency:
	Operating System  
	Mac Os (UNIX), Windows 98/XP/Windows 7 and familiar with LINUX.

	Database (RDBMS)
	Teradata (15.0 and 14.0), Oracle (10g).

	Language Skills
	UNIX shell Scripting

	Reporting Tool
	Business Objects 3.1

	JOB Scheduling
	AutoSys

	Teradata Utilities
	Fastexport, Fastload,Multiload, TPUMP and TPT

	Training/workshops
	Python


Project Summary:

	Project
	GCA (Global Customer Analytics)

	Customer
	Apple

	Description
	Apple which is one of the top most MNC’s in the whole world has an altogether separate area that deals with customer loyalty. The project involved exposure of customer behaviour related attributes to business which in turn was used for analytics and decision making.

	Role
	Team Member (Analyst and Developer)

· Requirement gathering from client requirements.

· Feasibility analysis

· Preparing functional specification and design document..

· Development of backend teradata and oracle codes as well as unix scripts.
· Preparing test plan and test cases
· Performing Unit Testing, Regression Testing and Functional Testing and report bugs.

· Preparing data dumps for business using teradata utilities

· Providing solution and resolving the issues raised by business

	Solution Environment
	· Operating System 

MAC

· Data Base & Scripting Language Used

ORACLE, TERADATA, UNIX
Teradata Loading Utilities(TPT & Fastload)

	Duration
	From June 2015 Onwords


Training:

· Got intensive classroom training in Python for about 10 days.
Academic Qualifications:
	Degree / Certificate
	Institute
	Board / University
	Year
	Aggregate % / CGPA

	B.tech
(ETC)
	KIIT University, Bhubaneswar
	KIIT University,
Bhubaneswar
	2010-13
	8.45

	Diploma
(ETC)
	Kalinga polytechnic,KIIT,
Bhubaneswar
	SCTE & VT, Odisha
	2007-10
	83.43

	10th
	Arabinda Bidya Mandira,MRDL
Dhenkanal
	B.S.E, Odisha
	2007
	80.13


Personal Details:
Father’s Name

:
Binod Bihari Sahoo


Mother’s Name

:
Sabita Sahoo
Date of Birth


:
04-June-1992


Gender


:
Male
Marital Status

:
Single
Nationality

            :           Indian
Languages Known

:           English, Hindi, Odia
Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
Date: 






 Signature: 

Place: 


