














































Pranav 

Maruti Nagar, Bangalore 

+919608076748, pranav3672@gmail.com 

Objective 

Seeking challenging opportunities in the field of embedded development where, I can utilize my 

experience, develop my skills, efficiency to communicate my ideas, views and contribute towards the 

goals of the organization. 

 

Career Summary 

 Having 3.8 years of experience in embedded software development and low level module 

testing. 

 Currently working with Toshiba Software India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore as a Software Engineer 

since Aug 2015. 

 Have programming experience in Embedded C. 

 Working experience 32-bit controllers like LPC1343 and Toshiba controllers. 

 Having knowledge on Arduino UNO compatible boards and different shields like TFT Touch 
IR and SD. 

 Experience in development and implementation of protocols like SPI, I2C and UART. 

 Having knowledge in NVIC. 

 Worked on different peripherals like EEPROM, RTC, LCD and Seven Segment. 

 Working experience on IR and Gyro Sensors.  

 Ability to understand user manual, data sheets and schematics to implement software. 

 Quick learner with the ability to grasp new technologies and software. 

 Ability to work in both independent and team environment. 
 

Technical Expertise 

 Languages   : Embedded C and C 

 Microcontrollers : LPC1343 and Toshiba Controllers 

 Software Tools : Keil µvision, IAR, Proteus and Git   

 Protocols  : SPI, I2C and UART  

 RTOS   : MbedOS Version 2 and 5 

 Debugger  : SWD and DAPLink (Bootloader and Interface firmware) 

 Operating System : Windows 7/8/10, Linux Ubuntu 14.04 LTS 
 

Professional Experience 

1. Toshiba Software India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore [Aug 2015 to Present] 

Software Engineer 

 As a Developer, I am responsible for gathering and understanding the client requirements, 
verifying and analyzing the hardware schematics, determining inputs/outputs and designing 

algorithm for the modules. Develop SRS, SDS docs, developing the embedded code, preparing 

the test plans, testing and bugs resolving and Interface with Application Software. 

 

2. Microbit Embedded Solution, Hyderabad [Jan 2014 to July 2015] 

Embedded Software Engineer 

 Responsible for developing the low-level peripheral drivers, maintaining and testing. 



Professional Projects 

1. Arduino Boards Application and MbedOS v2 & 5 Porting. 

 Languages  : Embedded C 

 Microcontroller : Toshiba TX00, TX03 and TX04 Series  

 Tools and RTOS : Keil µvision 5.23, IAR 7.5 and MbedOS v5 

Project Description : To develop the application for Arduino boards using different shields. The 

goal is to design an application which uses the Mbed OS features and that can be easily port to any 

other controller. 

 

2. TFT Touch Shield Applications on Arduino Boards. 

 Languages  : Embedded C 

 Microcontrollers : Toshiba TX04 & TX03 Series 

 Tools  : Keil µvision 5.13, IAR 7.4  

Project Description : To develop the TFT touch shield application software for Arduino boards 

features. Also, the goal is to design simple test application that can be easily integrated with any other 

base boards apart from what we were used with the same TFT shield. Application design contains 

calculator and picture display, zoom in-out, move on the TFT Touch Screen. 

 

3. Flexible Dot-Matrix LED Display with Power Saving System. 

 Languages  : Embedded C 

 Microcontroller : LPC1343 

 Tools   : Keil µvision 4 

 Role    : To develop Low level drivers for SPI based Graphical LCD, Keypad

      and Alphanumeric LCD 

Project Description : An objective of this project is to design using CM3 to input, store, and control 

and output the data for the message characters on a dot matrix. Display patterns can be selected for 

flexible display by using input via Keypad/PC. Design and realizing the moving message display panel 

and power saving achieved by scheduling the Device on-off timings properly, which is done by a 

microcontroller. First yearly calendar database is designed by making use of keypad and RTC. And 

after that device, on-off timings will be scheduled and saved in EEPROM using SPI protocol. 

 

4. Peripheral Device Drivers Validation for Cortex-M3 based Platform. 

 Languages  : Embedded C 

 Microcontroller : LPC1343 

 Tools  : Keil µvision 4 and Proteus 7.7 

 Role   : Developed driver for peripherals 

Project Description : This project aims for testing of all Onchip and On-board peripherals like LCD, 

LED, Switch, Seven segments, Motor driver etc. Each peripheral is individually tested and validated in 

all the possible ways. 

 

  



Academic Projects 

1. Automatic Railway Crossing Gate Control. 

 Languages  : Assembly 

 Microcontroller : AT89C52 

 Tools  : Keil µvision 3 and Proteus 7 

 College  : Lovely Professional University, Jalandhar 

Project Description : This project is designed using 8051 microcontroller to avoid railway accidents 

happening at unattended railway gates. 

 

2. Preprocessor command when executed with input [source code, “.c”] in command line 

argument it remove all the comments, include files and macro substitution after process 

completion and it generate file name with ".i" extension, which is the extended source code. 

 

Academic Profile 

 Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Lovely 

Professional University, Jalandhar during 2009-2013 

 10+2 in Science from Nitishwer Singh College, Muzaffarpur in 2009 

 High School from Sri Ram Sewak Sahu High School, Muzaffarpur in 2007 

 

Hobbies  

 Building small embedded application for different controllers 

 Watching Cricket 

 Travelling 

 

Personal Details 

Father’s Name : Late Binod Thakur 

Mother’s Name : Late Vibha Devi 

Date of Birth  : 16-02-1992 

Gender  : Male 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages   : Hindi and English  

Marital Status : Single 

 

Declaration 

I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Pranav 


