












































Anindya Kundu

Curriculum Vitaé
Name
   : SOHAM SENGUPTA
Address   : 126, BLOCK – A, BANGUR AVENUE, KOLKATA - 700055
Phone No: +91-9051055699 (M)

E-mail
   : sohamthechamp007@gmail.com / gupta.sen1992@gmail.com 
Objective

A challenging position in an organization where I can use my knowledge and skills along with latest technology to manage projects and take initiatives, with a focus towards symbiotic growth and continuous learning.

Professional Abridgment

2 years and 6 months experience in Accounts Payable domain at Genpact India Pvt Ltd. Currently associated with my 2nd project with an US client, managing  payments, as a Process Developer.
Proficient in managing tasks for running successful process operations. Proven skills in operations of the client and also got certificate from Genpact, for developing process improvement idea. Also, have received various rewards and recognitions as well as compliment letters at home, for outstanding performance in operations as well in handling customers. 
Areas of Expertise 

. End to end knowledge of Procure to Pay (P2P) cycle with knowledge on European VAT.
. Worked in SAP, to process invoices of the customers, using transaction codes like MIRO, MR8M, FB60, FBl1N,   XK03. Etc.
. Making and analysing various reports in excel, which are circulated among internal Genpact management as well as to the client.
. Working on Duplicate Audit Tool, to detect potential duplicates, for duplicate posting of invoices.
. Solving helpdesk query emails as well as taking calls from various vendors of the client.
Work Experience 

Genpact, since 22nd May,2015.
Present designation

From 1st May, 2017 
Process Developer – Working with my 2nd US based client, managing payments for various business divisions.
Accountabilities:

. Preparing forecasting report from SAP and sending out to customer for approval.
. After approval, running payment proposal for checks in SAP, doing duplicate audit with previous week’s payments.

. Making the final pay run from SAP and sending the feed to another department, where the checks are automatically printed and send out to the vendor’s address.

. Uploading of manual payments like WIRE and ACH in to bank portal and after payment clearing them from SAP.

. Encashing checks in SAP, after they are paid out from the bank.

From 22nd May, 2015 to 28th April,2017
Process Associate – Worked with my1st US based client, in European company codes.

Accountabilities:
. Processing invoices for Netherland and UK company codes in SAP, with the knowledge of European VAT.
. Running only payment proposals for the Netherland and UK company codes and sending the report to customer for approval.

. Making and analysing of various reports in MS Excel using various functions and formulas like vlookup, pivot table, data validation etc., which are being shared with internal Genpact operations management and also to the customers.
. Solving emails in helpdesk within the stipulated timeline and also taking calls from the client’s vendors, to revolve their query and to send remittance advises.
IT Proficiency

. Post Graduate Diploma in Certified Financial Accountant (PGDCFA) from Brainware Computer Academy (2014).
. Advanced Excel from Brainware Computer Academy (2013).

Educational qualifications
	Degree
	Board/University
	Year
	Percentage

	B.COM

(HONOURS)
	University of Calcutta
	2013
	55.77%

	CLASS XII (AISSCE)
	C.B.S.E
	2010
	82.00%

	CLASS X (AISSE)
	C.B.S.E
	2008
	68.80%


. Pursuing MBA from ICFAI, which would be completed by 2018.
Personal Minutiae

· Date of Birth
: 6th February,1992
· Gender

: Male.

· Marital status
: Unmarried.

· Linguistic Abilities: English, Hindi and Bengali.

· Interests: Driving, traveling, reading story books, listening music and audio stories, watching videos.
