













































Rajeev Sharma


Balaji Murugan R                     Email: balajimuruganr@gmail.com 
ASSISTANT MANAGER                    Mobile no:  +91 9742453243 

 

 

Career Objective 
 

 
To work in a challenging environment and in an atmosphere of motivation and team spirit. To perform to 
the best of my abilities in the task entrusted to me to the satisfaction of one and all and looking for 
challenging assignments which will expose my professional skills while being resourceful and flexible. 

 
Professional Summary  

 
 Proven leadership skills, strong intellect and a disciplined agent of changes. 

 Interpersonal skills with good decision making and communication skills. 

 Multi-tasking capabilities. 

 Good project management skills 

 Have strong analytical skills, able to work under tight time constraints, with an ability to interact and 

build consensus among people 

Work Experience 
 
I carry a total experience of 8.5 years with Infosys BPM Limited. 
 
Assistant Manager – People Services for a Banking client (01/07/2018 till date) 
 
 Lead a team of 23 Members 

 Manages the day-to-day activities and controls to ensure daily deliverables are met. 

 Manages and facilitates timely resolution of issues. 

 Keep management abreast of any potential issues 

 Propose and work to implement workflow changes and support technical solutions leading to 

improved productivity and profitability. 

 Keep abreast of regulatory compliance and developments for the assigned area and apprises staff as 

necessary. 

 Identifies and analyzes operations risks related to current and potential business and recommends 

procedural changes as needed 

 Uses quality service measurement tools to ensure compliance with operational standards with SLAs 

and SOPs and create management reporting as needed 

 Participates on projects or committees within the department and/or with BU Shared Services, 

COHs and Client Operations teams. 

 During the course of normal day-to-day operation, responsible for identifying any unusual or 

potentially suspicious transaction activity and reporting and/or escalating in accordance with 

corporate policy and guidelines detailed in relevant operating procedures. 

 Conduct periodic performance review; provides ongoing counsel, training, development and 

motivation of staff. 

 Participate in the hiring, promotion and termination recommendation process 

 Maintain and update the client-Billing tracker and dispatch the invoices to the client for approval 

and forward to the finance team to process further.  



Balaji Murugan R                     Email: balajimuruganr@gmail.com 
ASSISTANT MANAGER                    Mobile no:  +91 9742453243 

 

 
Team Lead – Australian Payroll processing for a Banking client (01/07/2016 – 30/06/2018) 
 
 Lead a team of 18 Members 
 Managed end to end Payroll Operations for Banking Client. 
 Ensure SLA & Accuracy targets are met 
 Ensure compliance to Sanctions related policies. 
 Managed stakeholder relationship. 
 Delivered Process Improvements, building process efficiency. 
 Reviewed process against applicable policies. 
 Managed Headcount, efficiencies and cost targets. 
 Capability Building through technical & soft skill training. 
 Identified Operational Risks & Implementation of Controls 
 Responsible for Business Management Deliverables 
 Conduct monthly one on one for the employee 
 Conduct and update the Bi Annual Appraisals for the employee. 
 
Process Specialist – Australian Payroll processing for a Banking client (01/07/2015 – 30/06/2016) 
 
 Allocate the daily tasks to the team. 
 Ensure SLA & Accuracy targets met for the team. 
 Manage daily productivity output for the team. 
 Handle escalation calls and emails. 
 Assist the team on complex Queries. 
 Responsible for the fortnightly pay run Activity. 
 Coordinating training & mentoring sessions 
 Frequently reviewing work of new hires 
 Provide on-going feedback for the new hires in the first days, weeks and months. 
 
Senior Process Executive – Australian Payroll processing for a Banking client (27/02/2014 – 
30/06/2015 & 01/01/2012 - 31/12/2013) 
 Complete the allocated task on the daily basis. 
 Ensure SLA & Accuracy targets are met. 
 Working as an agent handling end to end people services tasks as below: 

o Generating offer Letter, Promotion Letters, Transfer Letters, etc. 
o Set up new employee profile in SAP. 
o Created few macros for generating Letters automatically with the data provided. 
o Quick Transfers and Transfer in SAP and we do process Secondment, Substitutions and 

relevant Transfers in SAP. 
o Simulation of Employee’s pay advice through employee pay advice central in SAP. 
o DIR (Data Integrity Report) in order to validate the data inputs in SAP. 
o Generating offer Letter for bulk recruitment and Got client appreciation for designing a 

macro tool for generating bulk Letters for graduate recruitment process. 
o Processing Payroll in the SAP system for the NAB employees 
o Updating of Salary, Incentive and Leave details of the employees 
o Updating separation n details in SAP and send separation paperwork. 
o Provide reconciliations on leave and pay enquiries. 
o Reconcile pay accounts post payrun. 

 
Handling Family Business – Vegetable Export, Finance and cable communications (01/01/2014 – 
26/02/2014) 
 
I was in a situation to support my dad in his business, as he required my support due to illness. He has 
recovered faster and I have joined back to Infosys and continued from where I left. 
 
  



Balaji Murugan R                     Email: balajimuruganr@gmail.com 
ASSISTANT MANAGER                    Mobile no:  +91 9742453243 

 

 
Process Executive – US Insurance (14/06/2010 - 31/12/2011) 
 
 Researching the SSN of the participants with the client and setting up account under various 

retirement plans. 
 We will maintain the records of retirement and the details of the deceased participants in our system 

for any future references. 
 Regular follow up through emails with the clients to resolve the discrepancies in the participant 

account. 
 Checking the documents uploaded in stellent and validating all retirement records submitted by the 

participants and also from the spouse of the deceased participants. 
 Recording the same details in the penproplus and setting up the correct payments in Northern Trust. 

 

Service Delivery  
 

 Organize distribute the work to all the team members and ensure quality productivity  
 Minimize the errors and ensure no operational loss 
 Strict adherence to service level agreement (SLA) and reporting on the same 
 Coordinate with counter parts in Melbourne with respect to escalations and process clarifications  
 Roll out new process and prepare process documentation for the same  
 Preparing MIS for productivity and errors and driving projects for cost and process efficiency 
 Evaluate the training required by the team members and nominate accordingly. Ensure that all of 

them are well aware of sanctions and compliance as well as Anti Money Laundering.  
  

Key Contributions & Achievements  

 
 Ramp and Individual extra miler award winner. 
 T-100 HRO Advanced and advance US Retirement benefits certified. 
 I have several client appreciations in my career with Infosys. 
 Star of Infosys award for the year 2012-2013. 
 Lean automaton project certification. 
 I have maintained high standards of delivery. 
 Identify and address process gaps against applicable policies / guidelines. 
 Received token of appreciation for High Performer Incentive for the year 2018 
 T200 Certified in Australia Payroll 
 Have been to Melbourne Australia in the year 2018 to understand the issues and concerns from client 

end and made changes in my team based on the feedback, enabling smoother client relationship. 
 

Educational Profile  

 
 B Sc Computer Technology – Passed in 2010 with 78.00% 
 Higher Secondary from Srinivasa Vidhyalaya, Udumalpet -  passed in 2007 with  
 68% 
 S.S.L.C from Srinivasa Vidhyalaya, Udumalpet - Passed in 2005 with 79%.  
 

Personal Strengths  

 
 Proven leadership skills, strong intellect and a disciplined agent of changes. 
 Interpersonal skills with good decision making and communication skills. 
 Multi-tasking capabilities. 
 Good project management skills 
 have strong analytical skills, be able to work under tight time constraints, with an ability to interact and 

build consensus among people 



Balaji Murugan R                     Email: balajimuruganr@gmail.com 
ASSISTANT MANAGER                    Mobile no:  +91 9742453243 

 

 

Personal Information  

 
Date of birth  : 01

st
 march 1990 

Sex                         : Male 

Nationality  : Indian 

Marital status  : Single 

Languages known  : English, Tamil and Kannada 

Hobbies                           : Traveling, Music 

Mobile number                             : +91-9742453243 

Present address  : Balaji Murugan R 

    Electronic City, Bangalore 560100 

     

 

Declaration  
 

I hereby declare that all above-mentioned information is in accordance with fact or truth up to my 

knowledge and I bear the responsibilities for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 


