













































SANJIB CHANDRA

SANJIB CHANDRA                           

	Address Of Communication


69/2B, Sikder Bagan Street 

Kolkata: 700004,West Bengal, India.

Mobile: +91-9903017794,+91-9088570508
E-mail – snjb.Chandra@gmail.com 
Pan No -  ALEPC3386L
Objective:

To be a dynamic professional in my chosen field and work to the full of my abilities and to build a symbolic relationship with my organization. Looking forward to a Company having professional outlook, believing in teamwork and goal orientation and having career plans for its employees. To a position where I can provide the best technical support and at the same time gain ample opportunity to learn new technology.

	Professional Experience 


Total Years of Experience:
 3.9 Years 

 Xenolith Technologies Pvt. Ltd. – Kolkata

Company Profile:  A New Kolkata based company with business in the IT support industry. A Golden Partner of Microsoft and IBM. The company is an end-to-end solution provider offering Microsoft Enterprise solution, Massaging Solution, desktop and network support to its clients from all industries with the engineers being posted as in-house engineers at the client’s site.

Job Profile: Working as an IT & Systems executive maintaining Systems & Network of DPSCL at Sector-5 (Salt Lake) in the payroll of Xenolith Technologies (Pvt) Ltd. 
· Troubleshoot hardware & OS related problems.
·   Configuration of Outlook Express as well as Microsoft outlook mail backup, Address book backup, setting message rules & trouble shooting in client end.
·   Installation & Configuration of Lotus Notes Mail Client, mail backup, Address book backup & troubleshooting in client end. 

·   Installation & configuration of Mozilla Thunderbird Mail client, mail backup, email contacts backup & all kind of troubleshooting in client end.

·   Maintaining LAN & Network and troubleshooting.

·   Hardware and software troubleshooting and solution.

·   Configure & Maintenance VPN Connection in client end.  

·   Taking NT Backup & Restoration in Windows2000, 2003 Server.

·   Configure DeskJet, LaserJet, & Network printer &. Maintenance.

·   Asset management & updating.

·   Daily Auto-backup with Alwaysync Software using batch file in schedule Task Manager.
·   Data Backup, Formatting & Installation of Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 & also 2000 & 2003 Server.
·   Symantec Antivirus Update, Antivirus Client Monitoring, Broadband connection.
·   Maintain Tape Backup in daily basis of SAP Server.

Also Worked as a Desktop engineer from June 2008 to July 2010

maintaining Proxy server, Desktop level problem troubleshooting & network
of SEARCH ENGINE RANKING SYSTEM CONSULTANTS (PVT) LTD in the
Payroll of Xenolith Technologies (Pvt) Ltd.

             Worked as a Desktop & Network support engineer at SREI Finance

             PVT LTD, Kolkata, for Xenolith Technologies Pvt Ltd. Handled over 250 IBM

             PC & 100 Laptop. Handled over 300 users.

             Worked at Jayashree Textiles Pvt. Ltd. in the parole of Xenolith Technologies

             Pvt Ltd, Rishra.

             Worked at Foster Wheeler India Ltd. in the parole of Xenolith Technologies 

             PVT Ltd, Salt Lake (Sec-5).

·   Computer assembling, maintenance and Operating system installation. 

·   Maintaining LAN & Network and troubleshooting.

·   Hardware installation, troubleshooting and solution.

·   Software installation and troubleshooting.
Job Objective: 

· Systems (Desktop & Server) support & Maintenance.

· OS Troubleshooting in client end.
	Technical Skills 


· Hardware fault detection, rectification knowledge over different devices.

· Knowledge of installation of Windows9x, Windows 2000 Professional, 2000, 2003 SERVER, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7.
· Installation & Configure VPN connection in client end.

	Academic Qualification


· 2007 — B.COM from Calcutta University 
· 2000 — Higher Secondary W.B.C.H.S.E. Board 

· 1998 — Madhyamik W.B.C.H.S.E. Board 

	Professional Qualification


· Hardware & Networking Diploma Course from TECHNO LAB.

	Personal Profile


· Date of Birth: 19th July 1981.
· Father: Late. Sukumar Chandra.

· Sex: Male.
· Language Known: Bengali, Hindi, and English.
· Marital Status: Single.

	Personal Strength


· The ability to finish a specified task within a specified time bound;

· The ability to work within a team and coordinate with members accordingly;

· Good communication skills to liaison with people;

· The ability of proper planning & Competitiveness.

HOBBIES:
Listening music, play cricket (Occasionally) 

INTERESTS:
Making friends, interacting with people. 

EXTRA CURRICULUM ACTIVITIES:

· Participate in college cricket tournament.

· Participate in college fest singing competition.

DECLARATION:

                  I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Kolkata                                                                             
                                                                                                     Signature





                                                                   

 Date:                                                                                                                        Sanjib Chandra. 


