










































RESUME

CURRICULAM VITAE

S. ANNIE RITA

W/O Mr.Emmanuel,

New  no.19/5, Old no.200/2,
Naidu street, sundar  nagar,
Thirunagar,






        Contact no: 9788243769
Madurai  – 625 006.





        Email Id: annieritas@yahoo.com


Objective:

To prove my prowess in the areas entrusted to me and to secure a challenging position, which would enable me to integrate my knowledge and skills.

Educational Qualification:

(i)  Persuing Master of Business Administration (MBA) Human Resource Management

       in Madurai Kamaraj University from 2010.

(ii)  Bachelor of Business Adminstration (BBA) from Madurai Kamaraj University 

       during 2003 – 2005

(iii)  Diploma in Electrical & Electronic Engineering (DEEE) completed in the 

        year April 2001.

(iv)   S.S.L.C completed in the year April 1998.

Additional Qualification:

Type writing English Junior & Higher passed

Experience :

(i) ISG Novasoft Technologies Pvt Ltd, Bangalore.
ISGN is a global Mortgage Solutions Company positioned to transform the mortgage lending space by providing end to end spectrum of Mortgage solutions. 

Worked as an Analyst in Senior lien update process (Semi Voice) in default servicing.
            from June 2008 – May 2010.
Worked for GMAC RESCAP client, Got ON SITE TRAINING for 3 months by the client in GMAC RESCAP, Dallas, TX, United States 
Senior lien update process works for GMAC which holds the junior lien on a particular property. We need to identify the senior lien holder of the property. In case of foreclosure, if the senior goes for a sale, our junior might get wiped off. Hence we need to identify the senior lien holder, track the loans whether the payment done correctly & foreclosure status. Contacted the attorney & senior lien holder to get the foreclosure status.

Process training was given to the newly joined associates. Clearing the doubts & guiding them to learn the process efficiently.

(ii)
First Indian Corporation (Member of First American family of companies) Bangalore
Worked as a Senior Process Associate in Task Research Process 

from April 2006 – May 2008. 
Task Research Process is a mortgage support functions.  

In case of issues/queries from the customer end, the loan number was sent to us for research process. Using wingspan, where all the current & historical information of the lien & contract was provided, does the research; the property is searched using the tools such as PLS, agency links & WIN2data.After the research, the contract information such as situs, legal, owner information, lien information, current changes of the contract, liability & payment history is entered in the bpm application. All the above research details were created as snapshot which provides the research results of the contract.

Provided research process training to the new team members, Trained for the new tool testing (BPM), Sending queries through email to business area & cascading the clarifications to the team & also provided new tool (Bpm) training to the team members.

(iii)
 Affiliated Computer Services (ACS), Bangalore 
Worked as a Keyer from June 2005 – March 2006

Entry of the credit card information in the image such as Name, Address, SSN, etc in the database
(iv) 
Supreme Scientific Corporation, Madurai
Worked as a Office Administrator from September 2003 – February 2005

Quotation preparation, preparing purchase orders & Invoice, maintained payment outstanding details, petty cash accounts, file maintaining etc.

Known Language:

English, Tamil, Kannada

Computer Knowledge:

Ms Office, FoxPro, AUTO CAD & Scanning works.

Personal Details :

FATHER’S NAME



:

A.M. Santha Kumar

DATE OF BIRTH



:

26-11-1982


SEX                                                           :                     Female

MARITIAL STATUS


:

Married
NATIONALITY



:

Indian

RELIGION




:

Christian

E MAIL ID




:

annieritas@yahoo.com
PASSPORT DETAILS


:

G8085401 valid till 2018









Holding US B1 visa valid 2018
Declaration :

I hereby assured that the particulars mentioned above are true and correct.



          (S.ANNIE RITA)
