












































Name:  Indrajeet Kumar Singh                                                                                                   
Address:  A4, Sri Sai PG, 19th Cross, 7th main, NS Palya, BTM, 2nd stage, Bangalore. 

  PIN - 560076
B.Tech (Branch)
  : ECE

                                                                     E-mail: indrajeet.iks@gmail.com                                       
Date of Birth : 20th January 1989                                                                             Mob No: +918904845722



	Objective:


To get placed in a firm that provides me an opportunity to expose my talent to the fullest so as to create an identity of my own.
	Education:


	
Degree/Class
	
Institution
	
Board/ University
	
CGPA/ Percentage
	
Year of Passing

	B.Tech. (ECE)
	Faculty of Science and Technology  (FST), Dehradun.
	ICFAI UNIVERSITY
	
 7.17
	
 2011

	
Class 12
	B.N. College, Patna University, Patna
	  

BIEC

	  

62%

	   

2006


	
Class 10
	D.A.V. Public School, BSEB Colony, 
Patna.


	 
CBSE

	
 89%
	
 2004


	Academic Project Profile:


Internship Program – I (June 1 – July 21, 2009) : 
“A Project on ‘Marketing’ in HDFC Standard Life, Connaught Place, New Delhi”, under esteemed guidance of “ Dr. S.K. Mathur”, faculty ICFAI University and  “Chandan Jyoti Baisya”, Channel Development Manger, HDFC Standard Life. In this project, I made a report on HDFC Standard Life marketing strategy and policies. Also, I studied the current market need and requirement and different products of HDFC Standard Life. 
Internship Program – II (July 5 - December 15, 2010) : 
“A project on LED Spectral Lamp” in Kwality Photonics, Hyderabad, under esteemed guidance of “Mr. Shashi Kanth”. This high power LED Spectral Lamp is based on PIC16F628A and the ability of this micro-controller to produce PWM pulses. The source code of PIC Micro-controller was based on embedded C language. Varying pulse width we can produce millions of color combinations using only the three basic colors. So only one RGB (Red-Green-Blue) LED is capable of producing a rainbow of fading colors. With the help of four switches we can handle all functions of the lamp. We can choose fading or jumping between colors, we can select a rainbow style or a random color changing behavior, we can choose slow or fast changing of colors and we can pause on a desired color.
	Computer Skills:


	


· Language: C, C++
· Software Packages -   MATLAB, AUTOCAD, MS Office
· Operating Systems - Window 98, XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, LINUX
	Core Skills:


· C

· C++

· Electrical Science

· Analog Electronics

	Extra-curricular Activities:


· Played cricket on district level from the club M.C. XI Malsalami (Patna City).
· Participated in Sanskrit Sambhashan organized in Patna Museum.
· Organiser of Football in ICTHALON 09 (Inter college sports competition)
 Personal Profile:
	Date of Birth

	:
	20-01-1989

	Sex

	:
	Male

	Marital Status

          
	:
	Unmarried

	Languages Known
Nationality                                     
	:
:      
	English, Hindi.

Indian.



	Permanent Address


	:
	S/O Shri Din Dayal Singh, Vill.- Baliyari, P.O.- Singhara, 

P.S.- Bikram, Distt.- Patna. BIHAR.   PIN- 801102



	Hobbies :

	
	
	


· Playing outdoor games like cricket, badminton etc.
· Computer games like Counter Strike, Need for Speed, FIFA, Cricket, Solitaire, Free cell, Minesweeper etc.
· Photography

· Web Surfing

· Driving, Travelling
	Strength :


· Creativity 
· Quick Learner
· Leadership Skills 
· Good understanding of Team Dynamics 
· Adaptability

Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above information are true and to the best of my knowledge and if any discrepancies are found, my selection can be cancelled.                             

Location: Bangalore                                                                                                                 Indrajeet Kumar Singh                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

