


















































		
VENKAT KANNEBOINA
Email:venkikanneboina@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-7977073993				


Professional Summary:

· 3.0 years of total experience in Software design, UI and Application Development and Maintenance
· Excellent proficiency on MVC,ASP.Net,C#.Net, WEB API,WCF, SQL Server, Angular JS and JavaScript,HTML technologies with excellent debugging skills.
· Understanding Client Requirements and creating, managing & coordinating between teams to optimize work.
· Experienced in implementation of end-to-end solution at customers’ location.
· Experienced in handling multiple tasks to meet deadlines in pressure situations without compromising with quality
Professional Experience: 

· Working as Software Developer in RELIANCE as a consultant from RIGVED Technologies, in Mumbai.From: April 2016 to till date.
· Worked as Software Developer in PROCESS WEAVER SOFTWARE SOLUTIONSin Hyderabad.From: Nov 2013 to Mar 2015.


Education:

· Bachelor degree in Computer Science from JNTU, Kakinada, 2013 with an aggregate of 75%.
· Intermediate [MPC] from Board of Intermediate Education, A.P. with an aggregate of  81%
· 10th [SSC] from SSC Board, A.P. with aggregate of 76%.

Technical Summary:

· ASP.Net
· C#.Net
· MVC
· SQL Server
· WCF/Web Services
· WEB API
· ADO.Net
· Angular JS
· Java script and HTML
· JQUERY
· AJAX




Work Experience:

PROJECT#1:
Name          :Sports Facility Booking System
Client		  : Reliance Industries Ltd
Duration	  : May 2017 to till date
Role 		  : Software Developer
Skills Used    : MVC,C#,WCF,SQL SERVER, Angular JS,HTML
About Client:
Reliance Industries Limited is an India-based private sector company, with business in energy, materials value chain and in retail and digital services. The Company operates in these segments: refining, petrochemicals, oil & gas and organized retail. Reliance JIO is an upcoming provider of mobile telephony, broadband services, and digital services in India.

Project Description:

In this  application using for online slot booking  for  sports grounds in RIL and this  application applicable to all employees and consultants across reliance group in Mumbai location.


	
Roles and Responsibilities:

1) Understand the requirements for developing the UI for this application.
2) Designed custom controls to meet the client requirements.
3) Create 


PROJECT#2:
Name	         :Work Force Management System
Client		  : Reliance Industries Ltd (JIO)
Duration	  : April 2016 to till date
Role 		  : Software Developer
Skills Used      : ASP.Net,C#,WCF,Entity Framework,SQL SERVER,Java script
                                  JQuery,HTML
About Client:
Reliance Industries Limited is an India-based private sector company, with business in energy, materials value chain and in retail and digital services. The Company operates in these segments: refining, petrochemicals, oil & gas and organized retail. Reliance JIO is an upcoming provider of mobile telephony, broadband services, and digital services in India.





Project Description:

Labor works is an enterprise wide system which helps organizations in managing the Contract Laborers while maintaining cordial Industrial Relations.
	
Roles and Responsibilities:

4) Understand the requirements for developing the UI for this application.
5) Designed custom controls to meet the client requirements.
6) Implementedthe date formatter for showing the date in desired pattern
7) Worked with QA team for creating test cases.


PROJECT#3:
Name	               :Central Dashboard
Client		            : Reliance Industries Ltd
Duration	            : April 2016 to till date
Role 		            : Software Developer
Application Type      : Web based
Skills Used               : ASP.Net,C#,Entity Framework,SQL SERVER, Angular JS,HTML


Project Description:

In this project display all Reliance sites employee’s attendance count day wise and showing valid employees in graphical representation.





Roles and Responsibilities:


1) Understand the requirements for developing the UI for this application.

2) Implemented copy functionality for copying the serial numbers in excel, word etc.
3) Implemented download functionality for downloading the serial numbers for the particular product
4) Implemented download functionality for downloading the total stock  for the particular particular selected warehouse
5) Implementedthe CSS for showing icon tab bars in different color for different stock
6) Implementedthe formatter for formatting the back-end data to show in the front-end differently
7) Responsible for creating adoptive UI design to support desktop and mobile devices.


PROJECT#4:
Name	                :ERP Gateway
Client		            : Process Weaver
Duration	            : Nov2013 to Mar 2015
Role 		            : Software Developer
Application Type      : Web Based
Skills Used               : ASP.Net,C#, WEB API, Angular JSEntity Framework,SQL SERVER
   JQuery, Java script,HTML
	

Project Description:

These applications handle the recorded transactions of its various users and stores it in database after following its steps of verifications from the clients
	
Roles and Responsibilities
1) Understand the requirements for developing the UI for this application.
2) Framework Design and Development
3) Store creations
4) Order Creation
5) Order pulling
6) Order Updation

PROJECT#5:
Name	:xCarrier
Client		            : Intel,Hony Well
Duration	            : Nov 2013 to Mar 2015
Role 		            : Software Developer
Application Type      : Web based Application
Skills Used               : ASP.Net,C#,WCF,SQL SERVER,Java script
                                  JQuery,HTML

Project Description:

Xcarrier is an integratedshipping management system developed using web services to access the services of carriers like FedEx,UPS,USPS,DHL and LTL  and other carriers  over the world and This product allows the user to perform any shipping transactions,tracking,generatinglabels,cancellation of shipment,address validation with FedEX,UPS,USPS,DHL

Roles and Responsibilities:
1) Understand the requirements for developing the UI for this application.
2)  Involved in end to end development from requirement gathering to testing and maintenance.
3) Involved in UI development and testing.
4) Implementedthe date formatter which supports various time zones and formats



