


























SivaSenkar kyc


SIVASENKARBABU PAMULETY
  

9-1-1/B/93-1 Defence Colony Langer House Hyderabad
9441424914

pamuletyshivashankar@gmail.com

Objective: Position utilizing solid background in banking, office supervision, 
database management, sales, personnel administration, and 
customer service.

Experience:
  
ICICI Bank Ltd Secundrabad, Telangana.
Assistant Manager - Operations Jan 2016 to Present

Handling Asset loan management system implementation,disbursement and all 
Operations entries.
Checking Pre and Post Sanction documents.
Escalate risks identified outside of the KYC standards to Global Financial Crimes and 
Compliance (GFCC).
Analyzing data to identify patterns and compare transaction history against KYC 
standards. 
Handling Finacle Customer Relationship Management(FCRM) which helps in 
processing transactions with ease and finding FT/RTGS rejections through I-Pay dump.
Reduction in errors reported in Branch rating module and Audit Report.
Using SAS module generating daily reports,payment operations,rejections and service 
requests reporting to regional heads.
Drive the team towards achievement of TAT as per SLA.
Analyze the data and document their findings.
Focus on productivity and achieve efficiency levels as desired by senior management.

FINO Paytech Ltd Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh
Mandal Co-ordinator Oct 2010 to Nov 2015

Responsible for the overall implementation of Gov't schemes likes NREGS and SSP 
funds distributions. 
Monitoring and planning the payment withdrawals Mandal wise in line with specified 
SOP. 
Responsible for liaison with the government officials and Banker for the smooth 
functioning. 
Responsible for liaising with respective Government officials and the Bankers.
Ability to manage large teams and effectively supervise, monitor and control.
Reporting the unpaid payments to the government.



SIVASENKARBABU PAMULETY Page 2

Elite BPO Services Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh
Supervisor April 2007 to April 2008

At Elite BPO ability to provide to clients with professional document management 
outsourcing solutions designed specifically to meet their business objectives.

Strengths:
  

Good Listener
Self-Motivated
Very Patient

Education:
  

M.B.A (Finance) from R.C.R.I.M.T College, S.V University, Tirupathi           2009 - 11
B.com (Commerce) from Gov't Degree College, Anantapur.                        2006 - 09
Intermediate (Bi. P.C) from SSBN Junior college, Anantapur.                     2002 - 04
SSC from Little Flower English Medium High School, Anantapur.                2001 - 02

Hardware and Software:
  

Operating System   : XP/Vista/Win 2007/Win 8.
Domain Knowledge : Banking domain.
Typewriting English Lower (50 W.P.M) passed.

Extra - Curricular Accomplishments:
  

Received as Employee of the month in FINOpaytech for the month of May 11, Jan 12, 
April 13 & Mar 14.
Secured B1 level in the BULATS examination.

Personal Vitae:
  
Name                     : Pamulety SivaSenkar Babu
Date of Birth          : 03 AUG 1987
Father's name       : P Yellaiah
Sex                        : Male
Languages known : English, Hindi, Telugu
Marital Status        : Married
Passport Details    : M2579164

Declaration:
  
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.


