


















































MONALISA PATRO


 

 

MUPPUDATHI T 
Software Engineer 
3.2 Years of Experience 

muppudathi1158@gmail.com 
+91 9500871024 

 

Summary 

 3+ years of experience in Software testing on both Desktop and Web based applications using 

Manual and Selenium Automation Tool. 

 Excellent communication & interpersonal skills. 

 Client interaction experience. 

 Extensive experience in agile development methodologies. 

 Experience in scripting the functional test cases using Keyword driven, Data driven framework 

and Hybrid framework using POM. 

 Good Knowledge in Team Foundation Server and Bugzilla. 

 Good Knowledge in SQL query handling 

 Experience in preparing Weekly status reports and Daily status reports. 

 Good Knowledge in ERMT and CQMP Report checking. 

 

 

Employment History 

From To Company Designation 

Aug 2014 Till Date HCL Technologies Software Engineer 

    

    

    

 

Technical Skills 

Tools  TFS, Bugzilla, Soap UI, Oracle SQL Developer 

Automation Testing Tools  Selenium Webdriver, TestNG,AutoIT,Cucumber 

Language 

Database Technologies 

 Java 

 SQL 

  

 

Education 

 B.Tech (Electronics & Communication Engineering) from VIT University, Vellore with 7.72 

CGPA. 

 HSC from Government Higher Secondary school, Pullukkattuvalasi with 96.4%. 

 SSC from Government Higher Secondary school, Pullukkattuvalasi with 94%. 

 

 

mailto:muppudathi1158@gmail.com


 

 

Achievements 

 Pride @ Boeing award from the Customer for Excellent contribution towards 737 Max flight. 

 Appreciations from customer for Zero D sprints 

 

Project Information  

Company Name               HCL technologies  

Duration                            22-Aug-2014 to Till 

Date 

 

Title Flight Test Computing System 

Type of Application Windows and Web based application 

Role Automation Test Engineer 

Testing Tools Selenium Web driver, TestNG, TFS, Bugzilla, Oracle SQL developer, Soap UI 

Responsibilities  Preparing and Executing Functional, Non-Functional and Regression test 

cases.  

 Involved in analysis of automation testing feasibility. 

 Involved in development of new suitable framework. 

 Preparing and executing test scripts using Selenium web driver and 

TestNG.  

 Database testing using Oracle SQL developer. 

 Reporting issues & raising CRs. 

 Writing cases and executing the regression test scripts. 

 Preparing Daily and Weekly status reports. 

 Build Acceptance/Rejection based on ERMT and CQMP reports. 

 Working on Product Backlog by continuous interaction with client 

 Working with the team and end users on the pre analysis of the items to    

be added in sprints for subsequent releases 

 Working closely with development team on controlling the release of 

Builds 

 Perform Regression Testing 

 Coordinating with the onsite team to deploy builds and verify the issues 

faced at customer site. 

 Allocating the work to the team and maintaining the team effort. 

 Requirement coverage traceability maintenance. 

 Defect and test summary report creation and maintenance.  

 Conducting the internal agile meetings and Weekly Status meetings. 

Description FTCS (Flight Test Computing System) is a Windows and Web based based 

application, being used for Preparing Test Plan and creating RAW Test 

data for Performing Flight Test on Boeing commercial airplane models. 

FTCS application has been designed with JAVA for windows application 

and Angual JS with XFORMS for Web. 

  



 

 

 

 

Personal Details  

Full Name Muppudathi T 

Father’ s Name Thirumalaivelu M 

Gender Male 

Date of Birth 27-05-1993 

Present  Address 181,Casa Grande Pavilion, 

Palandi Amman Street, Thalambur, 

Chennai-603103, 

India 

PAN Number CPIPM5800B 

 

 References Available on Request 


