












































	

	 

    Name  :  Rashmita Maharana

    Mobile : 09337875493/9178462042
    E-mail : rashmitame@gmail.com(Personal) 
   

	CAREER OBJECTIVE

	To implement the tasks assigned to me with professionalism and enthusiasm. I personally aspire to be in a mangerial role in my future having equipped with technical and inter-personal skills by streamlining my ability and experience towards the growth of the organization and self too. As of now, I just want to quench my curiosity to learn and seek new challenges.



	EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

	1. ICICI BANK LTD (July’07 – Till Date)

      Holding experience of 5 Yrs in total and currently associated with ICICI Bank and working as

      Branch Service and Compliance Manager.
2. KARVY COMPUTERSHARE SERVICES LTD (July’06 – June’07) – On the Job Training.
      Accountable for login of mutual funds and timely issuance of statements. 


	FUNCTIONAL AREAS

	Finance and Marketing

· Monitoring branch operation related to Cash, Clearing, Customer services, Forex, asset operations and generating ideas for market penetration. 

· Accountable for up selling and cross selling of various products for growth and driving sales initiatives of various third party products to achieve business goals.

· Handling the Clearing activities with special adherence to statutory compliance & control.
· Conceptualizing and discussing business plans to with team in order to penetrate potential customer accounts and expand existing ones for various financial services by tracking competitor’s activities & providing inputs for business inflow.
Key Account Management

· Initiating & developing relationships with key decision makers for business development.

· Identifying prospective clients from various sectors thereby achieving business targets. 

· Monitoring clients’ portfolio performance, conducting profitability analysis and rendering advisory services to the clients.

· Making changes in systems/processes/work methods to improve performance.

Client Relationship Management

· Managing customer service operations, ensuring customer delight by achieving quality service in the shortest possible time.

· Building, nurturing and maintaining health & cordial mutually beneficial business relationship with the customers.

· Personalizing and prioritizing the customer requirement so as to deliver the best of service standards to maintain goodwill by following all the applicable regulation.
Others Activities

· Overseeing the preparation of MIS on a periodical basis and providing information about the progress in the field to the top management. 

· Providing value added customer services by attending customer queries and issues. Understanding the client’s requirements & providing quality services.



	CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAININGS

	Certifications Undergone:-
1. AMFI (Association of Mutual Funds in India) - Brokers Module with 65%.

2. NSDL (National Security Depository Limited) – Depository Operation Module with 67%.

3. IRDA (Insurance Regulatory Development Authority) Certified personnel.
4. Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications.
Trainings Undergone:-

1. Trained on FOREX Operations.

2. Trained on Trade Operations (Remittances and Import/Export).
3. Trained on demat operations.


	ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

	MBA in Finance with Overall CGPA of 6.5
EXAMINATION

BOARD/UNIVERSITY

COMPLETION
AGGREGATE

      MBA(Finance)
ICFAI National College, Berhampur
2007
6.5(CGPA)
B.Com
Khallikote Autonomous College, Berhampur
2004
64%
I.Com
Khallikote Junior College, Berhampur
2001
59.8%
Matriculation

Govt Secondary and Training School for Women, Berhampur
1999

71%


	PERSONAL DETAILS

	Details:-

Father’s Name: Mr.Panchanan Maharana
Date Of Birth: March 16, 1984
Sex: Female

Languages Known: English, Hindi, Oriya
Domicile: Indian
Personal Attributes:-

1. Good listener and quick learner with strong interpersonal and analytical skills.

2. Manage time efficiently and effectively through scheduling and prioritizing.

3. Proficient in handling pressure and working in result oriented environment.

4. Enjoy working in a multi-cultural, fast paced and competitive environment.  
Date:-

Place:-                                                                                                        (RASHMITA MAHARANA)


