


































Princy  Varghese

Mrs. Princy Anil kumar Roy 

Mobile: +919764006472,+919049055978
    

E- mail : prico@rediffmail.com ; princyroy@gmail.com
 Job objective

To work in a challenging and fast paced environment, leveraging my current knowledge, with many learning opportunities. I have good communication and interpersonal skills, good work ethic and the ability to work well in a team or individual environment.

Professional Profile 

Presently employed with Syntel Limited as Senior Associate & responsible for managing Document Control Centre (DCC) of the client.

Over 1.0 year of experience as a Lab technician (Microbiology section) in Noble Hospital.

Over 1.0 year of experience as Management Representative in R&D Tech Pvt. Ltd. (Manufacturers of Urological Disposables)

Over 1.5 years of experience in Quality control depts. (Microbiology Section) in Tulip Diagnostic Ltd. 

Over 1.0 years of experience as a Microbiologist in Jubilee Diagnostic Center Branch of Advance health care resource Pvt. Ltd. St.Johns hospital Bangalore. 

Educational Qualifications

Completed course on SQL/PLSQL from NIIT.

M. Sc. (Microbiology) from Oxford College of Science, Bangalore University, Bangalore, securing I st class.

B. Sc . from Oxford College Of Science, Bangalore University, Bangalore,

Securing 2nd class.

Overseas visa:


B1/B2 for USA

Validity : 10 Yrs. 

Organizational Experience:


Working with Syntel Ltd since January 2010.

Worked with Noble Hospital from April 2008 to May 2009.

Worked with R&D Tech Pvt. ltd from Jan 2007 to Jan 2008.
    

Worked with Tulip diagnostic Ltd from February 2005 to Aug 2006.
    

Worked with Jubilee diagnostic center (branch of Advance health care resource Pvt. Ltd. St.Johns hospital Bangalore) From Nov 2003 to Nov 2004.
    

Responsibilities in Syntel Limited:

Project: Clinical Records management 

Identifying, analyzing and processing of clinical records generated during clinical 

trials. 

Adherence to all rules and regulations governing the process- ICH -GCP Guidelines and 21 CFR Part 11 (Electronic records and Electronic signatures) .

Receiving and reviewing the data for accuracy, filing all incoming electronic documentation, and ensure compliance to company procedures.

Naming and filing electronic document according to relevant SOP’s and SOI’s.

Preparation of documentum attribute mapping (DAM) sheet for documents to upload into documentum.

Preparing Trial master file for essential documents.

Processing Clinical and Regulatory Submission request in document control center mailbox.

Work allocation among the team members.

Daily coordination over phone with US and UK team to resolve queries & update knowledge by improving SOP’s and SOI’s.

Worked for five months at the client site in USA, and gained exposure on processing paper documents for clinical trials. 

Responsibilities in Noble Hospital:

Responsible for all activities in Microbiology section.

Extensive experience in staining techniques like gram’s staining, AFB staining.

Identification of pathogens from clinical samples and conducting biochemical tests.

Publishing Microbiology reports of patient data.

Responsibilities in R&D Tech Pvt. Ltd.:

Reporting to Director.

Preparation of technical files for Urological Disposables.

Conducting internal audit and management review meeting.

Preparation of document for ISO & CE regulatory authority.

Responsibilities in Tulip Diagnostic Pvt. Ltd.:

Reporting to Quality Control Head.

Responsible for all activities in Microbiology section.

Preparation of validation protocol and reports.

Research and development on dehydrated media.

Isolation, Sub culturing and Maintenance of Mycobacterium Tuberculosis .  

Isolation, Sub culturing and Maintenance of Pathogenic clinical Microorganism .

Experience of ELISA

Audit Faced:

ISO- 13485: 

COMPUTER SKILL:

Office automation system which include MS-Office and Internet Applications .

Languages known:

English, Hindi, Malayalam

DATE :                                                           MRS.  PRINCY ANIL KUMAR ROY

                                                                                                                                                              (Signature)

