
























































                                                                                                                                                Shikha Kurara
shikhakurara@gmail.com
+91 9704558170
Hyderabad




			

Professional Summary



· 9+ years of experience while working for BT and AT&T in complete Software development life cycle starting from requirement gathering/analysis, preparing requirement/design documents, Application Analysis, Design, Development, implementation, maintenance and testing of large and complex Web, Client-Server based Enterprise Applications using Java/J2EE technologies and Software Development Methodologies/Frameworks such as Waterfall and AGILE.
· Have worked closely with clients at onsite as requirement manager & Onsite Lead. (Have valid H1-b visa)
· Extensive experience in design and rapid development of web and J2EE applications using Core  Java, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, Spring, Hibernate, Struts, design patterns like MVC (Model, View, Controller), Front Controller, Strategy, Prototype, Proxy, Decorator, Factory, Singleton and Data Access Object (DAO) etc.
· Experience in developing applications using spring framework, spring web MVC using features like IOC and configuring application context for spring bean factory.
· Good experience in SQL and UNIX for writing complex SQL statements, procedures/views/materialized views/triggers etc. and scheduling these through shell scripts, handling logs, writing basic shell scripts, using SQL loader etc.
· Expertise in developing data models using Hibernate (Caching, Relationships and Hibernate DAO) Object Relational Mapping (ORM) framework and configuring Hibernate persistence layer. Have experience in Toplink too.
· Expertise in XML and related technologies like XSD and parsers like JAXB.
· Good Experience in Web Services (SOAP & REST) using Struts and Spring framework respectively with clear understanding of WSDL standards & UDDI.
· Experience with WEB technologies like Ajax, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, dojo and fusion charting.
· Experience in gathering requirements from clients, analysing requirements, suggesting solutions to them.
· Expertise in preparing HLD/LLD, Business to Technical requirement mapping and UML modelling using tools like MS Visio.
· Experience in deployment of applications on Web logic 10 & 12, & Jboss servers.
· Worked extensively on build and deployment tools like ANT and Jenkins.
· Experience in version control using SVN.
· Log4J for extensible logging, debugging and error tracing.
· Experience in using Eclipse, Putty, QC, HP PPM, BO Reports and Toad.
· Strong logical & analytical skills to work on problems/solutions, good interpersonal & communication skills with ability to lead a team & keep them motivated.
· Worked with Junit and Postman for unit testing.
· Worked on Devops implementation in around three projects using Junit, Sonar, and Jenkins etc.


	
	

Technical Skills

	
	

	Operating Systems
	MS Windows, UNIX

	
	

	Languages
	Java, SQL, Unix

	
	

	Databases
	Oracle

	
	

	
	

	Framework
	Struts1.1, Spring along with design patterns

	
	

	ORM
	Toplink, Hibernate

	
	

	Web Related
	Java script, JSP, HTML, Ajax, JQuery, Dojo, Fusion Charting, Angular JS

	
	

	Tools & Utilities
	Eclipse, Rational Software Architect (RSA), Sub Version Control (SVN),

	
	Toad, Putty, Toplink Workbench, Workshop for WebLogic 10gR3 & 12,Tomcat,Apache Ant, BO Reports,  SQL Reports, Java Web Service Developer Pack 1.6, BMC Remedy etc. 

Automation: Jenkin, SONAR, Junit etc.

	
	

	Communication
	Web Services (SOAP & REST), JAXB, XML & XSD, JSON

	
	

	Domain Knowledge
	Telecom, Enterprise




Education

	Degree
	University
	Year of Passing

	MS (Software Engineering)
	BITS, Pilani (CGPA - 9.3)
	2012

	Bachelors in Computer Applications
	Maharishi Dayanand University (80%)
	2008





Awards and Achievements

	Award Name
	Project Name
	Year

	
	
	

	Rising Star
	PART
	2009

	
	
	

	Valuable Team player
	ADEPT/SRTS/ARTT
	2013

	Pat on the back
	ADEPT/SRTS/ARTT
	2015

	ACE Award
	ADEPT/SRTS/ARTT
	2016

	Pat on the back
	ADEPT/SRTS/ARTT
	2016

	
	
	




	
	
	Project Experience 




	1.
	Project Name : ADEPT(AT&T Design Engineering & Planning Tool)

	Client
	AT&T
	
	

	
	
	
	

	Role
	 Tech Lead
	

	
	
	
	

	Organization
	Tech Mahindra, India

	
	
	
	

	Duration
	12/2009 – till date

	
	
	
	

	Team Size
	Project :20
	
	Module : 12

	
	
	
	

	Environment
	Software
	Languages : Java, SQL, Unix
Framework: Struts , Spring

	(with skill versions)
	
	Database : Oracle 10g,11g

	
	
	Tools : Workshop for WebLogic 10gR3 & 12.1.2 ,SVN, Toad,

	
	
	 Toplink workbench, Eclipse, Apache Ant, Quality

	
	
	Center, HP PPM, SQL Reports, BOE Reports, Jenkin, SONAR, JUnit

	
	
	O/s : Windows, Unix, Linux

	
	
	
	




Project Description

ADEPT (AT&T‘s Design Engineering & Planning Tool) is a comprehensive design and deployment strategy and architecture for the IT infrastructure.
ADEPT includes applications such as-

· SRTS (Storage Request Tracking System): System to raise, handle and maintain different types of storage related requests. It contains the complete life cycle of a storage procurement request from requirement submission which flows through various teams for approvals and tasks till the completion stage after actual implementation. Challenge is to handle various users working on the same tickets as there could be few workflows going in parallel for the same ticket. It also has web services available to create or modify requests from the backend. (without interacting with the GUI for each single ticket)

· ARTT (Application Recovery Tracking Tool): Tool to track various applications backup details in forms of various dashboards. This tool is to bring data from various backup technologies like Netbackup, RMAN for databases etc. and process them to bring out the useful information for backups and recovery. It presents data in form of various type of charts, facility to get the on demand reports and some auto generated reports too.  


Roles and responsibilities:

· Leading the team from offshore for ARTT application. (within this duration, have lead the team for all three applications ADEPT/SRTS/ARTT from offshore and ARTT from onshore too) 
· Responsible for complete SDLC starting from requirements till production deployment and support.


· Developing and deploying Spring/Struts Application to implement the business logic and to handle various interactions with the database.
· Design and develop user interface screens by using front end technologies such as jQuery , HTML, Java script and JSP
· Develop DAO classes to interact with Database.
· Develop Hibernate mapping files and hibernate configuration for persisting data to the database.
· Responsible for writing, tuning and maintaining complex SQL statements/views/materialized views/procedures etc.
· Responsible for maintaining UNIX shell scripts and scheduling if required.
· Develop web services to produce and consume data (to interact with various other internal applications)
· Used Eclipse 3.5 IDE for coding, debugging and testing purposes.
· Used Log4j for logging and tracing the messages.
· Used SVN for version control across common source code used by developers.

· Other than developing solutions, Requirements gathering/Analysis, preparing estimation, design documents etc.
· Interacting with clients for requirement discussion. 
· Single POC for handling client queries and End User queries/issues for various modules.

· Guiding team members in development and helping them to understand requirements & design.
· Ensuring quality control by reviewing code developed by peers & reviewing all documents prepared by peers such as Details technical requirement documents, HLD/LLD etc.




	2.
	Project Name : PART

	Client
	AT&T
	
	

	
	
	
	

	Role
	Technical Associate

	
	
	
	

	Organization
	Tech Mahindra, India

	
	
	
	

	Duration
	(03/2009) – (11/2009)

	
	
	
	

	Team Size
	Project : 8
	
	Module : 4

	
	
	
	

	Environment
	Software
	Database :Oracle (SQL)

	(with skill versions)
	
	Tools :HP PPM, HP Quality Center, BMC Remedy, TADDM,

	
	
	Toad

	
	
	O/s :Windows

	
	
	
	




Project Description
PART provides both Testing and Release Management Services for clients.

Roles and responsibilities:

· Analysis of the specifications provided by the clients. 

· Design and Development of test cases. 

· Testing , bug reporting and documentation.

· Leading the CMDB (Configuration Management Database) module and performing Database testing. 




	3.
	Project Name Global Service Unused Circuits Program (BT)

	Client
	BT
	
	

	Role
	Junior Technical Associate

	
	
	
	

	Organization
	Tech Mahindra, India

	
	
	
	

	Duration
	11/2008 – 02/2009

	
	
	
	

	Team Size
	Project : 32
	
	Module : 16

	
	
	
	

	Environment
	Software
	Database :Oracle (SQL)

	(with skill versions)
	
	Tools :STARS, MTNI, Tahiti ,Chameleon, ORION, Toad

	
	
	O/s :Windows

	
	
	
	




Project Description

Project objective is to cease the unused circuits, which is achieved by comprehensive analysis and testing of circuits.

Initially circuits are tested to find if they are being used or not by the use of tools such as- Tahiti, MTNI, Chameleon and Orion. Unused circuits’ monthly recurring charge values are then obtained from the respective country representatives and after final validation, soft cease order of the circuits is generated.


Roles and responsibilities:

· SPOC for 16 team members 

· Analysing and testing of circuits using various tools such as – Toad (SQL), MTNI, Chameleon, Orion and Tahiti. 

· Performing database testing. 
· Preparing daily dashboards, preparing and presenting weekly reports in client meeting. 





TechM Restricted
TechM Restricted
