













































YOGESH UDERMALE Bld-A/2/5, Ramnagar Hsg

YOGESH UDERMALE Bld-A/2/5, Ramnagar Hsg.Soc Gavhane Vasti, Pune-411 039.
 

 Career Objective:
 

To undertake challenging assignment & to provide good service to organization
Professional Achievements:
TEKSON Electronic, Pune.
Period   


  : January 2007 to June 2008  
Designation  


  : Account Asst.  

Area of Specialization
  : Accounts Payable / Receivable 
 

Job Profile:
 

· Bill passing & making entries in Tally 7.2 package.  

· Making creditor payments  

· Handling day to day Petty cash exp & maintaining record of same.  

· Passing entries of pay received from debtors.  

· Reconciliation of Bank Statement manually. 

 

 

 

Current Employment:
 

WNS Global Service Pvt LTD
Period    

 :  March 2009 to till date
Designation    
 :  Sr Associate
 

Job Profile:
 

· Worked with Annuities process for 10 months as CSA. The job included verifying the document and the application to enter accurate data on Citrix applications. The job was basically to set up Annuity accounts for the clients.  

· NIGO the documents if they are not in correct order & request for the same by mail  

· To apply the fund on newly established account number with Trace ID.  

· To Transfer the money as per the Transfer documents from existing account to newly established account. Apply the checks as per the document Purchase receipt. To Make quality checking of the processed documents.  

· Simultaneously worked with Wrap and process partly, with same job profile as Above. To established new Wrap account on Cola application 

· Also Worked with Brokerage Accommodation & LTD Brokerage process which was add doc work from February 2010 to August 2010. The job include to verify the account which was established by MPLS advisor and do the needful corrections if needed and also create a new account on Advisor compass application for the clients. Providing the new account number to ODS River source for the further process.  

· Currently working with Process name as Riversource with Sub process New Business.The job include creating the new policy number for the client. Apply the fund which comes through the Checks snaps and docsource for those policies. Review the forms and see if the case is NIGO or IGO case and request through the mail for missing any requirements . To send the follow up mails for the missing requiremets. Transfer the funds from External company and Internal accounts  as per the client instructions. 

 

Academic Credentials:
 

Bachelor of Commerce  
(Completed in June 2008 from University of Pune)
 

Computer Proficiency:
 

· Microsoft Office 97/2000 (Word / Excel / Power-Point)  

· Tally Accounting packages  6.3 / 7.2 / 9.1  

· Diploma in Computer Application (D.C.A) 

  

Achievement:  

Appreciation from the client for the best performance for the add work Brokerage Accommodation & LTD Brokerage process. 
 

QualificationAchievements:  

Stood First in ‘Diploma in Computer Application’ Course Conducted by MCE
 

Current Qualification:
 

Currently pursuing P.G.D.B.M. (Post Graduation in Dip in Business Management)
Second Semester May 2012
 

Personal Details: 
 

Date of Birth:   
  29th July 1984  

Martial Status:  
  Unmarried  

Contact No: 

  9922174568
 

Email ID:   

gshkudermale@gmail.com
 


yogesh.kudermale29@gmail.com
 

Language Known   :  

(Spoken)   

 : English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada.  

(Written)   

 : English, Hindi, Marathi.
 

 

I hope you will find my qualification suitable for available vacancy & give me an opportunity to serve in organization
 

 

 

 

Date:    /    /2012                  (Yogesh. Kudermale)
