














































  ` 

Real time  

 

 

Summary 

 Over 3 years of IT experience in J2EE based technologies, SQL 

and web services. 

 Experience in SOAP and REST based systems. 

 Experience in API design. 

 Experience in Unit testing applications. 

 Very good at Object-oriented design. 

 Very good ability in grasping new things. 

 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 

 A team player and self-starter who is capable of adapting 

quickly to emerging technologies. 

 

Highlights of Qualification 

Bachelor of Technology (IT Engineering) 
Usha Mittal Institute of Technology, Mumbai 

              
2015 

 

 

Professional Background 

Java Programmer/SOAP API Developer 

Trimax IT Infrastructure& Services LTD - 
Mumbai 

July 2016 –   
Current  

 

Public Online Ticket Reservation System For MSRTC . 

The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation is the state run bus 

service of Maharashtra, India with 16,500 busses which ferry 7 million 

passengers daily on 18,700 routes. It serves routes to towns and cities 

within Maharashtra and adjoining states. Apart from locations within the 

state of Maharashtra, the MSRTC service also covers destinations in 

neighbouring states. It also offers a facility for online booking of tickets for 

all 18,700 routes. In this project we have developed API’s which 

communicate between the MSRTC official mobile app and other vendor 

apps (RedBus, AbhiBus, etc) 

 

Technology/Tools used: Eclipse Studio, Java, Web Services 
(SOAP),soapUI, MySql adminer, XML, mybatis framework, Mantis bug 
tracker. 
 
 
 
 

Ashwini Vijay Wani 

 

Email: 
ashwiniwani1502@gmail.com 

Cell: +91 9768 185 134 

 

Java Developer, Web  API expert 

 

SKILLS: 

 

Front end and Back end: 

 

Core Java, C, C++ 

Python Basics(Learning) 

J2EE: JSP, JDBC 

J2EE Servers: Tomcat 

Database: MySQL 

IDE’s: Eclipse, NetBeans 

DB Tool: MySQL Adminer 

Testing Framework: SoapUI  

Logging framework : Log4j. 

Front end: HTML, JavaScript 

 

Version Control: SVN 

 

Agile Methodologies: Scrum, XP 

 

Operating Systems: 

Windows 7/8/10, Linux 

 



 
 

 
 
 
Responsibilities:  
 

 Implemented LOG4J from scratch in the code to maintain      logs of transactions. 

  Involved in requirements gathering, Design, Development, Configuration and 
Documentation. 

 Worked on SOAP based Web services. 

 Responsible to implement new codes to scale the API. 

 Bug fixed as found by the testing team. 

 Support and maintenance of both mobile and vendor API. 

 Verify and monitor functional working of MSRTC android app. 

 Worked with cross-functional teams to complete deliverables. 

 
 
Software Support Executive 

Trimax IT Infrastructure& Services LTD - 
Mumbai 

                                          July 2014- July 2016 

   

Support and maintenance of UPSRTC Transport system and RSRTC Transport system. 

 UPSRTC and RSRTC are state run bus services of U.P. and Rajasthan state of India.  

 The project is to support Java based software that communicates between Bus Depots, buses 
with data Stored in Database backed Digital Transport System.  

 
Technology/Tools used:  MySql adminer, MySql Database, NetBeans Studio, Java, GLPi. 
 

Responsibilities:  
 

 Worked at Data Centre thus having good experience of Database and Project Development. 

 Taking Care of day to day queries/tickets raised by client and resolving their issues in agreed 

upon SLA’s. 

 Designing SQL queries for solving problem. 

 Bug fixing in Java and Change Request Implementation. 

 Defect tracking and reporting. 

 Working on a web based application built on Java and check coding and problem solving. 

 Code and design to specifications. 

 


