

















































pratik tandel

	

PRATIK N. TANDEL

Email Id.: pratiktandel777@gmail.com
Contact:  7666420262                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Career Objective:

                                        To serve an organization which offers scope for self-improvement and enhancement of knowledge to strive for betterment of the organization which provides me opportunities to reach and exhibit best of my abilities to grow with the job and to enlarge my sphere of activity.

Summary:

1+ Years of SAP BW/BI experience, which includes Data-Modelling, Data Extraction, Data Loading, Scheduling, Monitoring, Reporting and Performance Tuning.

Extensively worked on designing/creating Info Objects, Info Sources, Data Store Object (DSO).

Having precise expertise in understanding the R/3 and ECC 6.0 System and considerable experience in SAP BW/BI, documenting, design and Analysis of reports Using BExAnalyser.

Worked on BEx Analyzer in building Queries using Filters, Variables, Structures, Restricted Key Figures, Calculated Key Figures, Conditions, Exceptions and created aggregates for frequently used queries.

Experience in Data loading, Monitoring and Scheduling using Process Chain.

Having ability to communicate effectively at all levels of Application Development phases in the Company.

An excellent team player as well as an individual contributor with good communication and interpersonal skills, Also a Quick learner and strong desire to master new Technologies.

SAP BI Expertise:

Modeling: Info Objects, Info object Catalogs, Info cubes, DSO objects, Info Sets, MultiProviders, Application Component, Info Sources, Data Sources, Update Rules, Transfer Rules, Communication Structure, Transfer Structure, Info Packages, Info Package Groups, Process Chains, PSA, Transformations, Data Transfer Process (DTP) etc.

Extractions: Used Business Content extensively, loaded statistical data using (BC) Technical Content. Extracted data from ECC, classification system, through Web service and Flat File. LO Cockpit Extraction, Generic Extraction, Flat file Extraction for Master data and Transactional data, and Activating Data structure, transporting data sources, customizing and Enhancement of Extract.

Reporting: Expertise in Reporting with Business Explorer using BEx Analyzer, BEx Query Designer, Condition Reporting, queries using Filters, Free Characteristics, Calculated Key figures, and Restricted Key figures, Variables, Structures and RRI (Report to Report Interface).





Technical Skill set:

· ERP: SAP R/3 4.6C, ECC 6.0
· Date Warehousing : SAP-BW 3.5, SAP BI 7.0
· Languages: ABAP/4, C++, Java.
· Operating Systems: Windows 95/98, NT, 2000, Linux, Ubuntu.
· Reporting Tool: BExExplorer.
· Web: HTML, Java Script.
· Documentary : MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel.

ABAP Skills:


Reports		:  Classical, interactive, ALV reports.
Layout Sets		:  SAP scripts, Smarts forms.
BDC			:  Transaction Method, Batch Input/Session Method.
Data Dictionary	:  Creating Tables, Data Elements, Domains, Structures, Views and
                         Others Dictionary Objects.
Transactions		:  Menu Painter (Creating User-Defined Menus & Buttons), 
                         Screen Painter (Designing Screens, Coding transaction using 
                         Table-controls & Tab strip Controls).
Modularization -
Techniques                  :  Include, Subroutines, Function modules.
Enhancements	            :  Conceptual knowledge on User Exit, Customer Exit and BADIs.
Conceptual -
Knowledge                  : RFC and BAPI Object.

Experience:

Client: Confidential.
Duration: Apr '17 till date. Environment: SAP BI 7.0, ECC6.0 
Business Areas: BI/BW, BPC.
Role: SAP BW/BI Consultant 

Accomplishments:

Worked Extensively on Data Warehouse Workbench and customized info objects, info cubes, DSOs, Data Sources, DTPs, Transformations and multiproviders
Set up periodic Data loads from legacy system (flat files)
Involved in extracting the data from External Source system.
Installing and creating BI objects like info objects, DSOs, Info cubes.
Creating and managing dataflow using DTP, transformations and info packages.
Data Source Enhancement according to customer requirement.
Designed and developed queries to generate reports in BExAnalyzer.
Worked extensively on query designer.





Educational Qualification:    

                    
	Degree
	School / College
	Stream
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
Obtained

	B.E.
	G. V. Acharya Institute of Engineering and    Technology
	Computer Engg
	May 2016
	68.05

	H.S.C.
	N.G. Acharya & D.K. Marathe college
	Computer science
	Feb 2011
	67.17

	S.S.C.
	Dominic Savio Vidyalaya
	English
	Mar 2009
	80




Training & Certification: 

· Trained in SAP ABAP.
· Certified in open SAP course in Big Data with SAP HANA vora with 78%.

Engineering Project:

            An ERP for College Using Cloud Storage.

      Overview: The main objective of the ERP system is to integrate all departments and    
                            Functions of college on a single computerized system.   

     Technology Used: JavaScript, mySQL.


Declaration:

                            I confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my Knowledge and belief in together learn, work and contribute.






