


















































Huzefa Dalal
huzzidalal52@gmail.com    							        9833508652

Objective:
To contribute to the success of an organization by fully utilizing my skills and knowledge in the field of Web Development & Graphic Designing in a position offering continuous growth and development.

Educational Qualification:
· BSC (C.S.) from K.C. College, Churchgate, Mumbai
Personal Qualities:
· High grasping power
· Keen intellect
· Can work under pressure to meet deadlines
· Team player
· Innovative and creative
Technical Skillset:
· Programming Languages: ASP.NET With VB, VB.NET
· Databases: MySQL, MS Access, MS SQL Server 2008
· Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, XML
· Content Management System: WordPress
· Scripting Language: PHP, JavaScript
· Development Tools: NetBeans
· Computer Platforms: Windows, Linux, Mac OS
· Business Tools : Ms Excel, Ms Access
Certification:
1. Completion Of Graphic Designing Course From Arena Animation.
Professional Career – 4 years of experience
1. Company Name: Qamar Media Pvt Ltd
	Duration: August, 2013 to August, 2016
	Designation: Web Developer & Graphic Designer
	Technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, WordPress, VB.Net, ASP.Net	
			Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator & CorelDraw.		
Job profile: Worked as a Web Developer & Graphic Designer to manage all the 
	         Websites & Graphic Designs for various clients 	        
                                 
2. Company Name:  PrestaPrintz
Duration: November, 2016 to January  2018
Designation: Web Developer & Graphic Designer
Technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, WordPress, VB.Net, ASP.Net,
		Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator & CorelDraw.
Job profile: Worked as a Web Developer & Graphic Designer to manage all the 
	         Websites & Graphic Designs for various clients



Some Of My Projects

1) Project Name : www.artoindia.com
Project Details : This website is used to create to display the home textile products which company arto india use to manufacture.
Technology : HTML5 CSS3 Javascript.

2) Project Name: www.straitsbridge.com
Project Details : The project main goal was addresses the gap between the advise and execution support CFOs need in enhancing enterprise-wide financial effectiveness and what traditional consulting firms offer.
Technology : Wordpress

3) Project Name: www.rahatenterprises.in
Project Details : Project goal was through the website the Rahat Enterprises should be well known. And what kind of services they provide to there clients.
Technology : Wordpress

4) Project Name: www.wonderlazer.com
Project Details : The project goal of website was get as many people to know in market as well as world wide about wonder lazer India’s largest wooden Keychain manufacturer and engravers 
Technology : Wordpress

5) Project Name: www.basantenterprise.com
Project Details : Deliver customer specified quality bearings and services through innovative approach.
Technology : HTML5 CSS3

6) Project Name: www.gurjargaudsamaj.com
Project Details : To communicate and share the gurjar gaud samaj community details through this website with registration of normal user and matrimonial registration so that inter caste marriages can happen.
Technology : PHP, MYSQL








Personal Details

	Date of Birth
	04 / 06 / 1992

	Language Known
	Hindi, English, Gujarati, Marathi

	Hobbies
	Swimming, Cycling, Trekking, Reading, Football





Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

Place: Mumbai         								Huzefa Dalal
