














































SUDHEENDRA KOTHAPALLE                                                                  
 

|sudheendra.kothapalle@pgpxp.woxsen.edu.in | +91 9566495466| 
|www.linkedin.com/sudheehere| 

 
       Dedicated. Determined. Disciplined.  

Result oriented, self-motivated person with an aim to provide additional value to any team which I 

am part of and to make sure I gain the maximum insight and exposure while delivering high 

quality products to the clients. 

 

SKILLSET   

 Full lifecycle development                                    

 Oracle Database Systems 

 HTML 5, JAVA, CSS3, JavaScript 

 Team Player 

 Decision Making Skills 

 Clear Communication skills 

 

 

 Reviewing and understanding the scope and objectives of the ‘Business Units Requirements’ for 
application enhancement through effective collaboration.  

 Preparing a Project Plan covering the Project Life-Cycle through Design, Code Development, Multi- 
Platform Integration, Testing, Maintenance and Documentation.  

 Overseeing implementation of application development. 
 Developing and maintaining applications using technologies such as HTML5, Java / J2EE Frameworks, 

JDBC, Adobe LiveCycle, SQL(Oracle 11g), XML.  
 Understanding and modifying the existing framework as well as research methodologies for optimum 

programming solutions across platforms. 
 Implementing with the highest level of quality programming; enhancements to applications by following 

standard programming methodologies. 

 Deploying the code in UAT and Production environments using Oracle Weblogic. 
 Collaborating with other offices and territories to plan and implement new technology. 

 Ensuring proper release and maintenance of all systems. 
 

 AWARDS, RECOGNITIONS AND ACHIEVEMENTS   
Professional 

Was awarded the ‘On the Spot’ Award in appreciation of my outstanding contribution to TCS  
Was appreciated for the timely rollout of revamping the entire Compensation & Benefits module in 3 months. 

 
Co – curricular 
Was unanimously elected as the Chief Student Coordinator of Theta’13 – A Techno-Management Festival conducted 

at Srinivasa Ramanujan Center, SASTRA University. 
Was adjudged the ‘Best Speaker’ by the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs, Government of India, as a part of 17

th
 

Regional Youth Parliament Session conducted at Visakhapatnam by Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan. 
Member- Debating and Elocution Society, Kalamalika, SASTRA University. 

Sports 
Was a member of Cricket and Volleyball teams at school and colleges which won many tournaments at different 
inter college fests. 

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  
   
 Woxsen School of Business                                                                                                    2017 - 2018 

 Post Graduate Programme in Management for Experienced Professionals (PGPXP) 
 

 SASTRA UNIVERSITY, Thanjavur                                                                                           2009 - 2013 
 Bachelors of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Systems Engineer, Tata Consultancy Services Limited, Mumbai                                     Aug  2013 – Nov 2015 



 


