



















































Sabari Shankar

Sabari Shankar

No: 2, Avvai Street, Selaiyur, Chennai 600073
Email: sabarishankarps@yahoo.com

Phone: 9962528838

Career Objective:

To be a part of dynamic, highly qualified professional team and expecting a challenging career in IT reputed organization where there is recognition for hard work and sincerity. 

Educational Qualification:
	Examination
	Discipline/
Specialization

	School/college
	Year of Passing
	%

	BE
	Computer-Science
	Tagore Engineering College


	2005
	64%



	Diploma
	Electronics and Communication Engineering
	Valliammai Polytechnic


	2000
	68%

	SSLC
	S.S.L.C  
	Jaigopal national school


	1997
	70%


Technical Skill Set:

· Operating Systems
:
OS/390, Z/OS, Windows XP

· Languages

:
JCL

· Access Methods
:
VSAM, Non-VSAM

· OLTP


:
CICS

· RDBMS

:
DB2
Work Experience:
June 2010 to Till Now with RENAULT NISSAN TECHNOLOGY &  BUSINESS  CENTRE INDIA PVT LTD
Position: System Engineer
Responsibilities:
· To provide Application Support to Users (NISSAN SUPPLIERS and NISSAN PURCHASING AND DESIGN DEPARTMENTS) of the Software applications 

· Software Applications supported include SAP based applications and CAD Data Transfer Application like Team Center Passion developed by SIEMENS.

· Aided in the Development and Implementation of the  I-tracker Ticket Tool

· Scope of the Application Support ranges from Operational and Utility support to Escalations to Maintenance Teams of respective Applications

Efforts and Achievements:

· Maintenance of Ticket Tracking tool I-Tracker (Application developed on Java Platform) and played a part in Enhancements.

· Created a Knowledge base to improve resolution

November 2009 to March 2010  with MAPLES ESM TECHNOLOGIES LTD:

Position: Trainee

Responsibilities:
1. RACF Administration 

· Creating and maintaining profiles

· Auditing unauthorized resource access

· Providing Access and managing Users and groups

· Maintenance of RACF Database define additional segments like OMVS

 

2. Storage management 

· Defragmentation, data compression and release

· Clean up of nonstandard datasets.

May 2008 to till October 2009 with Sutherland Global Services

Position: Senior Technical support (Microsoft)

Responsibilities:

· Mentor and Team Coach

· Offering Floor Consultation on Process and Technical issues. 

· Handling Supervisory calls

· Handling In-bound and Out-bound calls
· Offering technical support on calls

· Documentation and summarizing Call Performance

August 2007 to January 2008 with Sutherland Global Services

Position: Senior Technical support (bell ISP)

Responsibilities:

· Offering technical support on calls

· Documentation and summarizing Call Performance

· Solving issues with hardware and software related
June 2007 to September 2007 with Wipro

Position: Associate.
Responsibilities:
· Solving issues with hardware and software related.

· Interacting with clients with   US.

November 2005 till November 2006 with CMS Computers LTD, In Citibank NA.
Position: Data Center Operator

Client: Citibank

Responsibilities:
· Responsible for managing Data Center Operations; involved in output generation of the bank’s customer related data and internal operations data. 
· Ensuring adherence to Service Level Agreement between the business and the technology in all output related activities of the bank.

· Actively involved in handling the escalation process of both hardware and software problems to respective personnel.

· Played a major role in data collection and preparation of MIS to enhance the performance of the operations; maintained maintenance records of all hardware and software related issues.

· Instrumental in running a set of batch programs with the help of PERT; involved in scheduling EOD & BOD process and ensuring the EOD & BOD is completed on the SLA.

· Closely interacting with hardware manager & maintenance personnel for resolution of any problems.

· Established relationship with Global technology team in US, London & Singapore.
Personal Profile:
Name                           :
            Sabari Shankar
Father’s Name             :
Purushothaman

Nationality

:
Indian

Languages known
:           Tamil, English, Malayalam, Japanese

Permanent Address
:
No: 2, Avvai Street,

                                                     Selaiyur, Chennai-73

Phone No                    :
              91- 9962528838

Date of Birth               :
              04-12-1981

DECLARATION:

I solemnly pledge that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

                                                                                                    Yours sincerely,

Sabari Shankar

