












































Ms


 

 

            

Nandita Misra 
Dabolim, Goa 

 
LinkedIn : www.linkedin.com/in/nandita-
misra-1b0b95161 
 

Mobile: (+91) 8805310791 
   
E-Mail: nandi.misra@gmail.com  
                                    

 

Summary 
 

❑ Career experience of 3 months in Hospitality Industry as Guest Service Officer at Park Hyatt Resort and Spa, Goa 

❑ Knowledge and understanding of Human resource management, Marketing, Sales , Guest Relations, and People 

Management. 

❑ Interned for 2 months each at Dona Sylvia Beach Resort, Goa and Park Hyatt Resort and Spa, Goa 

❑ Good Communication and Interpersonal skills. 

 
Awards and Recognition 
 

 

❑ Was the only person to be offered a full time employment at Dona Sylvia after the completion of Internship, with high 

regards from the Management staff. 

 

Career Contour 
 

Since Apr’ 18: Park Hyatt Resort and Spa, Goa – Guest Service Officer – Front Office Team 

 

❑ Management of the members under my team , forming schedules and assignment of tasks to each member. 

❑ Helping with the recruitment of new members for my team. 

❑ Undertaking the task of providing training to the new comers and assigning them with mentors to shadow. 

❑ Involved in performance management of the team members, goal formations and mentorship. 

❑ Ensuring that the day to day activities are running smoothly and if not, then coming up with efficient techniques to do 

so. 

❑ Handle all guests and internal customer complaints and inquires in a courteous and efficient manner  

❑ Maintain positive guest and colleague interactions with good working relationship 
 

Internships  
 

Apr’ 17 - June' 17: Park Hyatt Resort and Spa, Goa – Front Office Trainee  
 
 

Apr’ 16 – June’ 16: Dona Sylvia Beach Resort, Goa – Front Office and F & B Trainee 
 
 

Technical Skills 
 

❑ Operating System  – Windows, Mac OS X. 

❑ Tools  –  MS Office, Oracle Opera (Hotel Management Software.), Tally 9.1 

 
Education 
 

❑ B.B.A in Hospitality, Travel & Tourism from Goa University, Dept. of Management, securing 7.32 CGPA, 2018 

❑ H.S.C from Goa Board, securing 62%; 2014 

❑ S.S.C from Goa Board, securing 82%; 2012 

mailto:nandi.misra@gmail.com


 

 

 

Areas Of Strength 
 

Team-Player, Friendly, Quick Learner, Hardworking, Optimistic, Knack for learning new things, Self-Motivated, Dedicated, 
Adaptable. 

 
 

Extra-Curricular  
 

❑ Played for Goa State level Volley ball, 2010. 

❑ Represented Deepvihar Higher Secondary in District level Volley ball Championship , 2013 

❑ Won the 50th position & prize in Talent Search Institute’s National level General Knowledge Competition 

❑ Represented my college in various elocution and singing competitions in English and Hindi 

❑ Participated in the Slogan writing Competition for Cancer Awareness. 

❑ Participated in HIV/AIDS Awareness Rally organized by ZINDAGI-GOA. 

 

 

Personal Details  
 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages  : English, Hindi, Konkani and Marathi                               

References  : Available on Request 


