















































 

Abhishek Ladi  

Associate Business Analyst  

A9/301, Sanskruti Township,  

Hyderabad Telangana - 500088  

Phone: +917032820703 | Email: ladi.abhishek1992@gmail.com  

  

 Profile: 
  
I am working as a SAP MM/Data Consultant skilled in developing and configuring a system that is 

useful in consumption planning, Inventory management, verifying invoices, evaluating vendors, 

purchasing, third Party Interface/ Idocs, etc. I am part of support projects, testing the 

implementation and subsequent roll out of various projects.  
  

My job also includes: -  

 Handling clients and coordinating with the project development team & COE team 

regarding the enterprise structure, release strategy, business process design documents 

and baseline configurations of SAP MM.  

 I provide workarounds & detailed training to Business for any SAP functionality within 
the SAP MM.  

 Publish Knowledge articles under the guidance of a Lead Consultant to contribute to 
Knowledge Management of the team and client.   

 Provided trainings to new joiners of the organization on SAP MM.  

 Working on MS-Excel for reporting data to clients and gathering data from the   clients.  
  

 Skills Matrix  
  
Enterprise resource Planning | Business Process & Analysis | Data migration | Procurement | 

Business Support | Data Analysis | Governance | Compliance | Configuration | Testing  

  

 Personal Attribute   
  

 I believe in continuous learning of new modules to keep myself updated – I am working 

on my understanding of SAP S4/HANA, MDM and MDG.  

 I am a team builder. I am currently mentoring 2 colleagues trying to abridge them to 
work on project.  

 Worked on data migration to S/4 Hana from legacy system for 2 months.  

 I have good communication skills and I believe – knowledge and articulation of the 
knowledge forms an integral part of being a consultant.  

  

 

 



 

Professional Experience  
  

Project #1 Adient  

Role  Rollout  

Duration  1st May 2017 - current  

  

Responsibility Overview:  
  

 Migration of Master data through programs and LSMW’s/tcodes, SQVI’s.  

 Configuration of various Document types, Number ranges for PR, PO, SA.  

 Mapped new plants and storage locations, loading initial stocks.  

 

Project #2 Bombardier  

Role  Implementation  

Duration  1st September 2016 to 30th April 2017  

  

Responsibility Overview:  
  

Proficient in SAP R/3 in MM functional Module- Business Process Mapping, configuration and 

customizing:  

 Maintenance of client-specific number ranges in material master, vendor, 

Purchasing.  

 Creating client specific document types and its number ranges for PR, PO, RFQ.  

 Configuring Pricing Procedures for purchases.  

 Release strategies for PR and PO.  

 Working out data migration through LSMW and Z programs.  

 Preparation of End user documentation.  

 Unit testing for created document types.  

 

Project #3 P&G  

Role  Support   

Duration  1st October 2014 -- 30th August 2016  

  

Responsibility Overview:  
  

 Provide support to End user in their day-to-day work.  

 Handling Issue’s in the form service Requests and reviewing them to meet deliveries on 
compliance with SLA.  

 Providing solutions to users in MM / master data / SAP and 3rd party integration and 
providing configuration changes whenever required.  



 Giving expert support and support to the queries raised by customer while changing and 

creating new configuration or rollouts.  

 To understand the business process of the clients & provide consultation process.  

  

I have also received training in Infosys Ltd, Mysore as Systems Engineer Trainee from May  

2014 to September 2014 in JAVA, SQL, Software Engineering (Generic), SAP ABAP, SAP SD.  

  

Professional Development   
  

 Internal Certificate Course in SAP MM/SD - Infosys Ltd.   

 Insta Award of Certification – Infosys Ltd.  

 Member of Toastmasters International.  

  

Education and Qualifications  
  

 B.Tech, in Computer Science & Engineering from C.V.Raman College of engineering, 

Bhubaneswar, Odisha— 2010-2014.  

 Inter, state board in MPC from Sri Chaitanya College, Vizag— 2008-2010.  

  

Hobbies and Interests 
 Dancing,  

 listening to Music,  

 playing cricket. 

  


