













































Regency.G 
Email: regency21george@gmail.com                                                      Mobile No: 9962348702 
 

 

Objective: 
 

To work in a globally competitive environment on challenging assignments that shall yield the 
twin benefits of job satisfaction and a steady-paced professional growth. 
 

 

Proffesional Experience:          
 

Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Pvt.Ltd – 01/2012 to 02/2017 
 

Designation: Process Associate 
 
Responsibilities: Contract Amendments Team 

 
➢ Working using SAP Transactions  
➢ Creating Quotes With detailed information of the customer request 
➢ Order booking those quotes with approval 
➢ Working on customer request regarding changes in ongoing contract and quotes 
➢ Chatting with customer for clarification regarding ongoing projects. 
➢ Dealing with Huge invoice both Bills Payable and Bills Receivable 
➢ Completing the order well before the TAT 
➢ Communicating the completion details to customer through SIEBEL tool  

 
Responsibilities: Pricing & configuration Management Order Booking Team 
 

➢ Validate Customer PO’s and Book the orders and fill “Order acceptance check list”. 
➢ Analyze and verify all the required approvals to authorize the service contracts. 
➢ Ensuring the Customer Service Legal Agreement’s (SLA’s) is met consistently. 
➢ Do end to end process and Communicate with customer, administrator. 

 
Achievements:  
 

➢ Maximum e-award  achiever( based on PMS ranking) 
➢ Maintained Consecutive Six Sigma 
➢ Top Ranked in consolidate PMS 

 

 

Intelenet Global Services Pvt. Ltd – 06/2010 to 01/2012 
 

Designation: Customer Service Executive 
 



Responsibilities: Sanctions Team (GPP – Global Payment Processing) - Barclays Bank 
 

➢ Invest the payments of BARCLAYS BANK PLC (GLOBAL PAYMENTS) customers by Rule - 
based decisions and Barclay's prohibition policies. 

➢ Processing the SWIFT payments 
➢ Investing the payments with the help of provided applications 
➢ Releasing their payments with 100% accuracy, quality and legally 
➢ Processing currencies with priorities and cut - offs 
➢ Carrying out process capability studies for process improvements 

 
 

Qualifications: 
 

Degree College/School Year of Passing % 

B.C.A Sathyabama University, Chennai 2010 72% 

H.S.C St.Anthony’s Hr.Sec.School, Kanyakumari 2007 61.9% 

S.S.L.C Mary Immaculate Girls High School, Kanyakumari 2005 83.6% 
 

 

Personal Details: 
  

Father’s Name George.L 

Husband’s Name Naveen.K 

Date of Birth 21-05-1989 

Sex Female 

Martial Status Married 

Nationality Indian 

Present  Address 33/3 Block B1, Fortune Nest Apts, Agasthiyar Street, 
Ramapuram, Ambattur, 
Chennai – 600 053 

Permanent Address 33/3 Block B1, Fortune Nest Apts, Agasthiyar Street, 
Ramapuram, Ambattur, 
Chennai – 600 053 

Languages Known English & Tamil 

 
 
Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and 
belief. 
 
 
Date:                               Yours Faithfully 
Place: Chennai                                                                                                                     (Regency.G) 


	Regency.G
	Objective:
	To work in a globally competitive environment on challenging assignments that shall yield the twin benefits of job satisfaction and a steady-paced professional growth.
	 Invest the payments of BARCLAYS BANK PLC (GLOBAL PAYMENTS) customers by Rule - based decisions and Barclay's prohibition policies.
	 Processing the SWIFT payments
	 Investing the payments with the help of provided applications
	 Releasing their payments with 100% accuracy, quality and legally
	 Processing currencies with priorities and cut - offs
	 Carrying out process capability studies for process improvements

