















































Resume –Abhishek Rajvanshi 
 

 

Abhishek Rajvanshi 
Email address: -  abhishekrajvanshi82@gmail.com 
Mobile number: - +91-9891409506 
 
 
Profile Summary:- 

 
Currently working at Infosys Ltd. Pune as a Test Engineer with 2.8 years of experience in 
Automation Testing. 

 

Professional Details:- 

 

• Total 2.8 years of experience with Infosys Limited.   
• 6 months of experience in Python, Object Oriented Programming, Data Structure, Oracle 

Database.   
• Decent knowledge of Automation Testing using Selenium Web Driver and UFT/QTP. 
• Developed Data Driven framework for the project. It’s automated for multiple applications 

on various platforms like JAVA, vbscript, DB testing Etc.   
• Good knowledge of Database Management System in the SQL   
• Experience in understanding the requirement and specification and accordingly building the 

framework.   
• Good experience of direct client interaction and to deal with their requirements.   
• A good Team player, believe in Smart Hard work, Quality conscious, enthusiastic in learning 

new things with target oriented approach following timelines.   
• A hard worker and a fast learner and quickly grasp new concepts and technologies, possess 

problem solving skills.   
• Good communication and Interpersonal skills. Flexible to learn advancements in the IT 

Industry.  
 
 

Technical Skills:- 
 

Languages: Java, vbscript, Selenium Web Driver, Python, SQL and PL/SQL  
Database: Oracle, MySql 
  

6 Months Training at Infosys :  
Python, Object Oriented Programming, SQL and PL/SQL 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 
Infosys Technologies Ltd. in Mysore (September, 2015-February, 2016) and Pune (March, 2016 
– Present) 
Position - TEST ENGINEER 
 
PROJECTS INFORMATION 
 
UBS: FirmWide Risk Platform 

 

Project Type     : Database and UI Testing 

Client       : UBS; Zurich, Switzerland 

Testing Approach    : Manual and Automation 

Tools used      : Toad, Oracle, Eclipse, UFT/QTP, QC 

Duration      : April 2015 onwards 

mailto:abhishekrajvanshi82@gmail.com


 

 

Abstract 

This system is one of the core database of the FirmWide Risk for the bank. Testing involved testing 

the integration of the ZEUS system with other system, importing data from source system, 

performing the required transformation, storing the data for a future need and supplying to 

downstream systems for reporting purpose which the RCO’s use to analyse, monitor client’s 

portfolio movement which will help them in tracking the overall risk. 

Responsibilities 

 Effective communication with all stakeholders to understand and suggest solutions for 

effective functioning of the application. 

 Test Case Preparation and Execution ensuring full coverage of planned functionalities. 

 Writing SQL Queries, Identifying Test Data, Data conditioning and documentation. 

 Involved in communication with stakeholders to resolve any interruptions, preparation of 

reports, query resolutions and risk analysis. 

 Developed Automation script to automate regression test cases .  

 Conducted Database and Integration testing of the application to ensure a quality product.  

 Daily Interaction with the Development team for resolving issues and defects 

 Assist in all production support as well as Application management issues that arise from 

the user. 
 
      
      

 EDUCATION     
      

 Qualifications   Year of Passing   Performance          Institute/University/Board  
      
 B.Tech in Electronics 2015 7.6/10 Jaypee Institute of  
 and Communication         Information and Technology  
 Engineering     
 12th in PCM 2010 70.4% Modern Public School  
 10th 2008 84.6% Modern Public School  
 
 

PERSONAL 

Date of Birth: 13th January, 1993 
Languages Spoken: English and Hindi. 
Nationality: Indian 
Passport: Available 
 

Declaration: 
 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. References shall be provided if required. 

 
 

Place: Mumbai 
Date: (Abhishek Rajvanshi) 

 


