









































Microsoft Word - Musaddique Resume 3.4.2


Musaddique Ansari                     musaddiq.ans@gmail.com 
Plot No.31,        Mobile No: +91 8087886917 
Sr. No. 364, Ansar Nagar      Date of Birth: 21st Dec 1988 
Dhule-424001        Passport No: J4318186 
 
 

FTTX SPECIALIST AND PLANNER – TELECOM INDUSRTY 
Offering 5 years’ experience 

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY  
 A versatile professional with 5 Years of experience of telecommunication and electrical network 

which include field exposure, Network planning, design and implementation of Broadband 
networks (OSP & ISP) like FTTH, FTTN, FTTP, FTTB. Having domain Knowledge of telecom 
technologies like GPON and PON. 

 Detailed understanding of Access Networks (Fiber and Copper). 
 A Single point of contact (SPOC) and Technical lead with exemplary communication, analytical 

and problem solving skills. 
 Stake holder management. 
 Defining best practices for project support and documentation. 
 Quality Check and Quality Assurance. 
 People development: Training new joiners as well as team members with expertise knowledge. 

 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 Tools: AutoCAD, QGIS, MapInfo, Spatial Net, Revit MEP, PLC and SCADA, Dialux, Notepad++, 
Google earth. 

 Analytical & database software: MS office (Excel, Word, power point). 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 
Accenture Solutions Ltd.       Dec 16 – Current 
Designation : Network Operations Advisory Analyst 
Client  : NBN Australia 
 
Responsibilities: 

Working on FTTX and FTTC Network (NBN and Telstra) 
 Acting as Technical lead and POC for FTTX technology. 
 Handling 20 resources as a team and its deliverables. 
 Managing the work load and its forecast with the onshore client. 
 Identifying process gaps and disadvantages and improving the process. 
 As built work of FTTX and FTTC network.  
 Updating the design as per the constructed network which is modified on site as per the 

requirement.  
 Planning the connectivity of the premises which is missed during planning of whole area. 
 Correcting the planning which should be modified as per the situations and conditions. 
 Tracing the customer’s connectivity from its premise till the FAN through Pillar, FNO, DPU and 

Splice cases. 
 Suggesting the network modification wherever found better solution for it.  

 
 
 



Tata Communications Ltd.       Sept 15 – Nov 16 
Designation : Jr. Executive 
Client  : NBN Australia 
 

Fiber to the home (FTTH) is a generic term for any broadband network architecture 
using optical fiber to provide all or part of the local loop used for last mile 
telecommunications. Planning for connecting OLT, Access Network, Outside Plant (OSP), 
Inside Plant (ISP) and Home network covering all aspects required for a smooth roll-out of 
the optical network and ensuring all the business services are offered. 

 
Responsibilities:  

Fiber to the node planning (OSP). 
 Fibre cable laying planning from exchange (FAN) to node (384 or 48) using maximum existing 

Telstra infrastructure (Ducts, Pits, Trenches) with minimal propose infrastructures. 
 Calculation of fibre cable size requirement according to number of serviceable locations. 
 384 or 48 Node placement by avoiding High voltage line, existing utility underground service 

lines such as power, gas, water and climate prone zone area. 
 900, 1800 copper pillar placement where number serviceable locations are not possible to 

served by existing copper pillars. 
 Placement of MPT, DJL and CJL in such a way that existing Telstra pits should be used. 
 Power cable laying from existing nearest power source to proposed node after analysing the 

connection availability and by avoiding existing underground service lines such as 
telecommunication, gas, water. 

 Preparing BOM & BOQ as per client requirements. 
 The fibre planning design is made in such a way that all the premises (serviceable locations) 

should get 25MB down/5MB up speed keeping losses under 43dB. 
 Team/Resource management: Allocating daily task to the field team, getting status and updating 

the trackers. 
 Supervision, quality checks (QC) & assurance of optical distribution network (ODN) for 

successfully completion. 
 
Dynamic Electricals Pvt. Ltd., Pune.      June 14 – March 15  
Electrical Contractor 

Dynamic electrical is government approved one of the leading electrical contracting company in 
Pune. Planning, designing and execution of electrical system for offices, commercial and residential 
buildings. 
 
Designation : Electrical Design Engineer 
Responsibilities: 

Acting as electrification design engineer for commercial and residential projects, 
 BOQ preparation of project. 
 Calculation of total project power demand. 
 Designing of power distribution system according to proposed electrical equipment’s. 
 Illumination design, intensity and quantity calculations. 
 Single line diagram designing from MSEB mains to all proposed electrical equipment of 

buildings. 
 11kv, 22kv substation designing. 
 Cable tray, raceway designing for electrical as well as telecom. 
 Selection of perfect protective scheme for all electrical equipment’s. 
 Lightening arrester and earthing system designing. 

 



Project Title : Proposed Rathi Chemicals office, Vimannagar, Pune. 
Client  : Rathi Chemicals Pvt. Ltd. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 It has two floor each floor contain 50 workstation total 100 workstation is present on this site. 
Two UPS supply for workstations, one server room, one electrical room, Main panel for supply of UPS, 
Lighting loads, Power loads, HVAC loads. 30kVAR APFC on each floor. Total electrical load of site is 
120KW. 
 
Project Title : FruitwaleDharamashala, Alandi, Pune. 
Client  : Mumbai Dnyatichya Phal Dharmaday Trust, Mumbai 
Role  : Whole Electrification design of proposed commercial building and Bhavan building. 
 
Responsibilities:  
 This site has two building one building as a main building and second one as a sanskrutikbhavan 
building, Main building has eight shops one of them for bank, two offices, all three floors for Hostel 
purpose. 
It has distributed substation, 200KVA ONAN Transformer, Metering Kiosk, 11KV RMU, Two DG sets of 
40KVA, Meter Panel, Two Main Panel both buildings. It has total 170kW connected load. 
 
Sufa Electricals, Pune.              May 13 – May 14  
Electrical Contractor 
Designation: Junior Engineer 
 

Sufa electrical an electrical contractor company which takes part in electrification of residential 
and commercial buildings. 
 
Responsibilities: 

Acting as junior electrical engineer for commercial and residential projects, 
 Execution of electrification of buildings as per drawing of consultant. 
 Inventory management. 
 Project execution management in given period. 
 Handling labour to get work done efficiently. 

 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION  
2013  B.E. Electrical  Dnyanganga College of Engineering, Pune. 65.73% 
2010 Diploma Electrical Government Polytechnics of Dhule  76.25% 
2004 S.S.C.   Mohammadya Boys Urdu School, Dhule  70.26% 

 
 
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICAIONS  

 PLC and SCADA 
 MS-CIT 

 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  

 Efficient in Communication. 
 Persuasiveness and Leadership capability. 
 Ability to follow instructions and feedback. 
 Ability to cope up with repeated exposure to distressing circumstances. 


