














































To,

To,

The HRD

Sub:
Application for suitable position in HR/Administration Dept. or any co related section.



Respected Sir,

I have acknowledged through e-mail from that your esteemed organization requires specialist in different field. Here I am forwarding my CV for your kind perusal and consideration please.

I am working as a HR Assistant, UEPL ETV Televison Division of Ramoji Group the Largest Film City in the World., as well as presently looking in these departments and well versed in my field related functions.

Thanking You.

Yours faithfully,

[Yogesh Kumar Gupta]

Yogesh Kumar Gupta

	G.D. Studio 

Near Lal Building  

Chinhat, Lucknow, India

227105
	Phone Mobile 0091-7275250322

Fax     Mobile 0091-9335-613130

E-mail yogeshkumargupta4@gmail.com


SUMMARY

· Profile:                   

Male, 30, Single

· Nationality:                   

India

· Current Location:         

Lucknow, U.P., India

· Current Position:          

HR Assistance (Since May 2011 to till now)
· Company:                     

UEPL Etv Television Division

                                            

 Head Office- Ramoji Film City

                                            

 Hyderabad, AP.

                                            

(Reporting to - HR Assistance)

· Present Annual Salary:

95000/ -PA

· Expected Annula Salary:        
Negotiable 
· Notice Period:         

30 Days
· Preferred Locations:

Lucknow

· Job Profile:

To see all HR related proceedings of total manpower 



 in UP & UK attendance, leaves and all other applications.

Insert Punches of New Employees in Biometric Machine with their new ID numbers.

Update the attendance of employees in PIS (Personal Information System) of all our 2MB Centers in UP & UK and send to HO for salary proceedings. 


To see the PF related formalities nomination and withdraw or loan if any employee wants.


ESIC eligible employee’s registration generate challan and deposit of all branches of UP & UK and other employees problem and needs of ESIC related formalities. 

Labor issues complains and to see all hearing of labor case labor office related issues.

Acting as link between the Employee, Management and the Employer.

WORK EXPERIENCE

May 2011 – to till now
Ushodaya Enterprises Limited Etv Television Division (Ramoji Group)
Ramoji Film City having the largest film city in the world and Etv the famous regional channel in India and whole world, working in Personal and Administration Department as a HR In- charge of UP and UK. 
Nov 2010 – April 2011
Saroj Institute of Technology and Management
Saroj Educational Group offering highest standard of quality education of students across India. It was established in 1997 as a single engineering college, and today it has converted into group (SEG), running in institutions as Aligarh named “Shivdan Singh Institute of Technology & Management” and at Lucknow Two Institutions by the name of “Saroj Institute of Technology & management” and “Lucknow Institute of Technology & Management”.
           

(Reporting as an: Administrative Assistant)
· 
Provide administrative support to the Chairman and all Directors.

· Acting as link between the Faculty/Staff and the management.

· Maintain the calendar according the appointments of the Directors.
· To see official requirements of all departments related form, stationary and all other needs. 
· To see all maintenance requirements of all dept and communicate to caretaker of the block.
· Coordinate and maintain monthly attendance and annual vacation records.
· To check out that classes in all blocks whether running or not and report to head and academic cell.
· Dealing with student and guardian to resolve their problems.

· Answering the queries and information sought by the staff.

· Planning activities within a department, cooperating with other departments and external clients.

· Received and examine the monthly and weekly report of Purchase Department and Store Department’s stock and examine.

· Inspection of mess department’s stock and related quality problem. 
May 2009 – Feb 2010  Quality Photo Lab



Lucknow, U.P., India




Office Superintendent 




To see all official work, stock and management.

Aug 2007 – Feb 2009
Hind Institute of Medical Sciences

Barabanki, U.P., India




Asst. Administrative Superintendent cum Office Asst.




To see official work management and computer related problems.

Feb 2006 – Mar 2007 
Amity University



Lucknow, U.P., India





Office Assistant cum Computer Operator




To see official work management and computer related works.

Jan 2003 – Jan 2005
Scan Hard System



Lucknow, U.P., India




System Engineer cum Marketing Executive

To solve computer troubleshooting problems of customers and to tell about our new products and updating in computer, hardware peripheral purchase and sale. 

Total Experance 
: Total 5 year experience in Administration and Personal Department.


Education

2011—(Pursuing)

PGDHRM (HR/IR)
SKM.O.U


India

1998 – 2000

B.A.

Dr.R. M. L. Awadh University

Faizabad, U.P., India
1996 – 1997

Intermediate
U.P. Board



Barabanki, U.P., India
1995


High school
U.P. Board



Barabanki, U.P., India
PROFECTIONAL CERTIFICATES

2000


D.C.A 



Pioneer Educational society, BBK, India

2001


C.I.C



IGNOU, Lucknow, India

2004


A.D.C.H.A


NITM, Gorakhpur, India



  

LANGUAGES

· Hindi

Native

· English

Normal

PERSONAL DETAILS


Father’s Name


:
Late Mr. Ramesh Chandra Gupta


Date of Birth


:
29th JAN 1980


Residential Address

:
D 1/377, Vastu Khand, Gomtinagar, Lucknow

Present Address


:
G. D. Studio, Near Lal Building Vidhayak 







Chauraha,Chinhat Bazar, Lucknow, 227105.


Gender



:
Male


Nationality


:
Indian


Contact No


:
7275250322, 9335613130 

HOBBIES

· Videography and Photography. 

· Music

COMMENTS

Considering My Self, Familiar with technical aspects and confident of my abilities to work with team as well as team leader, I here declare that the information furnished above is true of my best knowledge. 

Place: Lucknow





[Yogesh Kumar Gupta]






4

