















































Arindam Paul



Email: arindamp5@gmail.com                                      

              Mobile: +91 9029649910
Professional Snapshot 

· A result oriented professional with approx 2 Yrs of experience in Finance & Auditing.
· Good communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner. 

· Having strong analytical skill and troubleshooting approach.
Academic 

2011                        B.Com (H) From Calcutta University, with 52% marks

2007

    XII (HSC) from I.S.C Board with 60% marks  

2005

   X (SSC) from I.C.S.E Board with 52% marks
Working Experience 
· Presently working in Universal Enterprises (Franchise of SKF India LTD) in Mumbai as Assistant Finance from May’12 to till now. 
· SRB & Associates Chartered Accountants Firm in Mumbai from July ’11 to April’12 as an Audit Executive.

· Das Sinha Ray & Associates Chartered Accountants Firm in Kolkata from August ‘2008 to August’2009.
Organizational Experience 

	Organization Name
	Universal Enterprises( Franchise of SKF India Ltd)

	Work
	Fund Realization  

	Role
	Assistant Finance


	Duration
	May’2012 to till now


Contribution
As a team member, was responsible for 
· Reporting and co-ordination with Business Head.
· Preparation of various Financial Statements.
· Following up with Customers for release of payments.
	Organization Name
	SRB & Associates (Mumbai Branch)

	Project
	HSBC , AXIS BANK  & KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK LTD

	Role
	Audit Executive


	Duration
	July ‘2011 to April’ 2012

	Team Size
	5


Project Description

 This Organization has empanelment with various banks across India having 5 branches all over India. Among that I was associated with above mentioned following banks. For HSBC I associated with DFP Program and Receivable Finance. For Axis Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank I was associated with Stock Audit and Routine Inspection.

Contribution

As a team member, was responsible for 
· Auditing & Verifying all the documents and data at client corporate office.

· Reporting to Bank official as well as our Senior Team Members. 

· Co-ordination with clients and Bank Official.

· Preparation of Project Report of Bank’s captioned clients

· Submission of Project Audit Reports to Bank official.
· Sales Ledger Analysis and Bank analysis.

· Preparation of MIS and reporting to seniors on daily basis.
	Organization Name
	Das Sinha Ray & Associates (Kolkata)

	Work
	E-filling of Income Tax Returns & Auditing.

	Role
	Audit Assistant


	Duration
	August ‘2008 to August’ 2009

	Team Size
	10


Contribution

As a team member, was responsible for 
· Auditing & Verifying all the documents and data at client corporate office.

· Preparation of  Income Tax Returns & E-TDS Returns
· Assisting and supporting with seniors to complete Project Report.
Personal Details

Father’s Name

Mr. Surojit Paul
Mother’s Name

Mrs. Chanda Paul
DOB
            

23rd June 1990
Sex


Male

Language Known
Hindi, English & Bengali
Marital Status
               Single

Nationality

Indian
Alternate Email

arindampaul89@yahoo.com
Pan Card No

AXHPP6971B
Present Address              104 A-wing, Lata Apt. Kulupwadi, Borivali(E), Mumbai-400066

Permanent Address        22, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road Kolkata-700055
Declaration

I hereby declare that the above particulars furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 Date: 







                       Sign:

