
















































Curriculum Vitae


	
	SUMAN CHOWDHURY                       
Benaka Boys Hostel

Room No 302

11th  Cross 

MSR Nagar 

Bangalore- 54                                                                                                        Ph: +91 9611373781
                                                                                                                           Email: suman.c@cresto.com.au
                                                                                                                                    Sumankec20@yahoo.co.in
                                                                          


OBJECTIVE: 
To be a part of an organization that provides me opportunity to invest my knowledge and skills towards the growth of organization and long-term personal development and professional excellence.
Current Organisation: Cresto Trading Pty ltd.  Solace Zone.  Rev Furniture  YDONTUBUY
Role:  Business Analyst - Merchandise Planning 
Joining Date:  1st Jun 2011

Responsibility: 

· Product Research for the new product line (penetrating).

· Creating Specification Sheet for the proposed product line.

· Finding the relevant supplier/manufacturer from around the globe basically from China, Malaysia, and Vietnam.
· Contact The Manufacturer and ask for the quotation in terms of FOB.

· Continuously monitor & communicate with the manufacturers.

· Selecting the manufacturer and placing the order (Issuing the Purchase Order).

· Creating Sales and Marketing Strategy for the Procured Product.

· Preparing sales listing strategic schedule for E-bay Store sales.

· Listing the products in own website as well as in E-bay store.
· Category formulation research and Attribute set creation for the new website Rev Furniture.

· Monitor the Web Admin tool in the uploading of new products.

· Monitor SEO and SEM teams in terms of PPC keyword research.

· Category analysis and formulation for the new Business Model. ( www.ydontubuy.com.au)
Skills & Software proficiency:  

Merchandise Planning, Product Research, Research Analytics Product Planning, Business Development

.NET Framework up to v4.0, Microsoft SQL Server up to v2008
Oracle 9i (SQL and P/L SQL)

Basics of JAVA

Microsoft Office Applications

MANAGEMENTPROJECT WORK:

      Knowledge Management in Insurance Industry
Duration: 3 months during 2nd year of MBA.
Description: This project was the part of our MBA program at RIMS, Bangalore. We implemented the transformation system of data to knowledge and analyse the employee knowledge about the Met-Life products, customer etc. Plan the knowledge base to be optimized to achieve the goal of the organization.
Organization Study at BRG Iron & Steel Pvt. Ltd.

Duration: 3 months 1st year of MBA.
Description: This Project work is part of our MBA program at RIMS, Bangalore. We learnt about the different Organization Structure and its importance to the swift workflow in an Organization. BRG Iron and Steel is Manufacturer of iron plate (mild steel and stainless steel). 
Community Project on Schedule Cast & Tribe: 

Duration: 10 Days during 2nd year of MBA

Description: This Project work is meant to understand the backward caste and tribes and their well impact in the society. We were engaged to collect statistics on their education, food and their lifestyle.  
TECHNICAL PROJECT WORK:

Card based Security System:

Technology Used: Microprocessor Technology.

Duration: 4 months during 7th Semester of B.Tech.

Responsibility: Team Member (Development)
Description: Card based security system is a modern technique which was developed using some magnetic strip cards. Those electronic cards are used as a password to the system. The system was a simulator of original security system. The devices required to implement that are card R\W, bulb, wires, and system.

Railway Reservation System: 
Technology Used: .NET (Windows Form Application), MS SQL Server 2008.

Duration: 4 months during 8th Semester of B.Tech.

Responsibility: Team Member (Development)
Description: Railway reservation system is a system simulation to the current railway reservations. We were using intranet to have the system working. It is possible to install to mechanism in World Wide Web. This was developed using .NET (Windows Form Application). MS SQL Server 2008 was used for database mechanism. An end user can book ticket, get train information, availability etc. on the other hand the Admin can handle the database like add train, get current train chart etc.

ACADEMICS:  MBA in Marketing & Operations from RIMS (Ramaiah Institute of Management Sciences), Bangalore. B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering from KEC, Bhubaneswar.
	Examination
	School/College
	University/Board
	Year  Of 

Passing
	Percentage/CGPA

	MBA in Marketing & Operations
	RIMS, Bangalore

	Annamalai University
	2011
	70%

	B.Tech(CSE)
	KEC, Bhubaneswar
	BPUT (Biju Pattnaik University Of Technology)


	2009
	66.5%

	Uccha Madyamic Parikkha(12th)
	Balurghat Khadimpur High School
	West Bengal Council Of Higher Secondary Education


	2005
	67.2%

	Madyamic Parikkha(10th)
	Balurghat Khadimpur High School
	West Bengal Board Of Secondary Education
	2003
	81%


CERTIFICATION DETAILS: 
1) Oracle Certification Programme from Oracle University Centre.

2) Hardware & Networking Diploma from Central Tool Room & Training Centre.

3) Networking Diploma from CTTC

4) Windows Based Office Application From APTECH Computer Education.  

Soft Skills:
· I am a hard worker, adaptable & Quick Lerner

· I can work in a team.

· I can work under pressure & can handle the situation.

· I am very sincere & loyal.

· I have good representation skills.

other currcular activities:
· I was leading my team in intra college ROBOTING seminar.

· I was a fast bowler in my college cricket team. 

Hobbies: 

· Reading Bengali Novels

· Writing short stories

· Cocking 

PERSONAL DETAILS:

             


   Name


: Suman Chowdhury

   Date of Birth

: 5th Nov 1987
   Gender 
               : Male

   Nationality

: Indian

   Father’s name

: Sri Sanatan Chowdhury
   Mother’s name
: Lt. Smt. Tarulata Chowdhury

              


   Languages speak          : Bengali, Hindi, English, and Oriya
              


   Permanent address     : vill- Khadimpur, Sastitala
                                                               

  Po- Balurghat

                                                                                           Ps- Balurghat

                                                                                           Dist- Dakshin Dinajpur (West Bengal)

                                                                                           PIN – 733101
     Date:                                                                                                                              

BANGALORE                                                                                                

     Signature
