












































	Rishu Kansal
	
Senior software engineer
rishuu1989@gmail.com
+91-9550565873

	

	· Personal Objective: - To be associated with an organization that gives scope to apply my knowledge, skills ,explore new technologies and thus to work with sheer grit and dedication to the best of my abilities towards the growth of the organization


· Professional Summary:-
· Nearly 5 years of IT experience involved in developing and maintenance of Software applications using Spring and Java/J2ee.
· Executed end to end Developments and implementations of software projects 
· Extensive working experience on Spring, springboot, micro services architecture, Hybris and Oracle ADF 11g 
· Good knowledge of Java\J2EE ,web services, WSDL, SOAP,REST,Eureka, Ribbon, Hystrix, Feign, JPA and zuul.
· Hands on experience on technologies like JMS,ActiveMQ and Kafka.
· In-depth knowledge on UI development with JSFF, ADF skinning, JSP, HTML, CSS , Java script and JQuery.


· Excellent analytical, inter-personal ,verbal and written communication skills 



 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

	Banking


	One of the largest bank in the world maintaining a portal which was developed over decades ago. The challenge was to break the legacy monolithic application into individual micro services.

	Module
	The job was to disintegrate mesh of interdependent services into stand alone applications. 


	Duration
	May 2016 - present

	Team Size
	4

	Role
	Lead

	Responsibilities
	· Migrating to boot project 
· Creating POM with needed dependencies
· Created Eureka cluster and registered services
· Eureka integration
· Load balancing using Ribbon
· Implemented design patten like circuit breaker
· Exposing as edge service using zuul
· Implemented ETL(Extract, Transform, Load) using Kafka, Confluent and Zookeeper.

	Technology Used
	Spring, springboot, Eureka, REST, Ribbon, Feign




	Vodafone RedSky - Hungary  

	A B2C E-commerce solution using SAP Hybris platform to provide customers rich online product and service consumption experience and covering all the end points[web,shop,back-office,admins]. This platform allows user to select various different products[phones] and services[Contract based communication services] from Vodafone’s inventory.

	Module
	Order Management System[OMS]
After the user completes the OMS kicks in. It has number of sub modules which involve the tasks from credit vetting to service activation and order delivery interacting with various back-ends.

	Duration
	Feb 2015 –  April 2016

	Team Size
	4

	Role
	Senior-Software Engineer/ Partial Lead

	Responsibilities
	· Creating process
· Back-office integration
· Service integration
· Exception handling,loggers and code quality.

	Technology Used
	Hybris OMS,Spring ,JAVA.




	Vodafone OnePortal- Vodafone UK

	A B2B portal which uses Oracle ADF, WCP, WCS, JSF as core technologies and gives a common platform to all its customers with services like raising quotes, placing order, checking availability , raising fault tickets and lot more for Vodafone’s various enterprise and wholesale products.

	Present Journey
	Net View
It is one of the portal which aims at providing services and support to Vodafone network device users and Support Engineers. It aims at reducing the overhead on the scripting server team by providing interactive and easy interface.

	Duration
	March 2013 – Jan 2015

	Team Size
	2

	Role
	Software Engineer

	Responsibilities
	· Currently working as core developer on NetView  journey 
· Developed UI screens
· Service layer integration
· Task flow creation
· Exception handling

	Technology Used
	JAVA, Oracle ADF, Javascript, JSF, Web services, SOAP,REST,Rundeck,Grails

	
	




	VCarpooling  

	· strives to provide and coordinate carpool information for  Virtusa’s employees
· It is an automated system that replaces the manual work of contacting each other i.e., between a person who wants to provide the car and person who wants to share/pool his car.

	Duration
	Feb 2013 –  June 2013

	Team Size
	6

	Role
	Trainee 

	Responsibilities
	· Requirements analysis
· Developed the provider part of the carpooling system.
· Prepared the ui screens using html and css
· JUnits and loggers

	Technology Used
	Spring 3.0, JAVA, Servlets & JSP(J2EE),  JavaScript, Html, CSS




EDUCATION


	Year
	Degree
	Institution
	CGPA/Percentage

	2008-2012
	B. Tech. (IT)
	Maharishi Markendshwar Engineering College ,Ambala
	6.7

	2006-2007
	      12th
	St. Kabir Convent School
Bathinda
	
65%

	2004-2005
	      10th
	St. Xavier’s High School
Bathinda
	
84%




STRENGTHS
· Good Leadership and Presentation Skills 
· Logical Approach towards problem solving
· Positive Attitude 
· Confidence and easy adaptable to various environments.


	
Current Organization:
Virtusa Consulting Services PVT LTD., Hyderabad


Skills
Java
J2EE
Springboot
Web Services
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
JSF


Frameworks
Oracle ADF
Spring 3.0


SDLCs Followed
Agile
Waterfall



IDES
MS Office
Oracle J-Developer
Eclipse
Sts



Operating Systems
DOS
Win2000/XP/7/Window8
Linux( Basic)
OS X



	PERSONAL PROFILE
Being an easy-going person, am keen to learn new technologies with minimal time period, guidance and am a team Player with excellent communication skills. I have the patience to listen when someone speaking and proactive to share my views.
		Father’s Name
	 Mr. Bhir Bhan Kansal

	Nationality
	 Indian

	Sex
	 Male

	Date of Birth
	 25/02/1989

	Languages Known
	 English, Hindi,Punjabi

	Marital Status
	 Single

	
	



	



	



	Date:
	
	

	Place: Hyderabad
	
	Rishu Kansal



