














































RUMPA DEY | Confidential | Page 1 

 

 

Career 

Summary 

RUMPA DEY   Mobile: 9900387123 | E-Mail: rumpadey08@gmail.com | LinkedIn 
 

 

HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT & PEOPLE ENGAGEMENT SPECIALIST  
HRM Services Delivery | Talent Acquisition | Key Account Management | Multi-Disciplinary Team Collaboration 

 

Commenced career in 2010 as HR Executive with Sigma Infosolutions and steadily progressed to the position of Assistant 

Manager HR Business Partner with Net Connect Pvt. Ltd. in 2016. During the tenure, gained experience in sustaining 

relationships with the staff and management of business lines by facilitating the delivery of HR services and conducting 

employee-engagement activities. I have been also managing key accounts and maintaining profitable business relationships 
 

In Jan 2017, I took a break due to my marriage and now I am keen on restarting my career in the field of Human 

Resource Management and Account Management. I possess a robust aptitude in improving the HR structure (talent 

acquisition & employee engagement). I am skilled at discovering business opportunities to secure profitable business volumes. I 

keep up to date with market trends and competitor activities in order to forecast /  track key account metrics. 
  

  P R O F I L E  S Y N O P S I S  

 Accomplished in managing the overall provision of organizational HRM services, key accounts, and administration structure as per 

staff requirements and business goals 

 Skilled at driving cost-effective standard recruiting and hiring practices that promote workforce progressive discipline system  

 Adeptness in managing accounts involving sourcing clients, interfacing with key clients from various sectors 

 Organized approach in identifying revenue streams and developing relationships with key decision makers & stakeholders 

 Responsible for hiring employees on client role and following up with clients procurement team for PO & SOW agreements   

 Proficient in conducting training programs to integrate workforce development and establish a culture of excellence at workplace 

 Ability in administering corporate initiatives comprising providing a broad level of counseling on recruitment and managing client 

relations / business network  

 In-depth involvement in Attrition Management; facilitating retention of key employees along with Employee Lifecycle Management 

from recruitment to exit formalities 

 Seasoned people skills to achieve results through alignment of cross-functional activities and people engagement abilities 

 IT Skills: Conversant with MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point) and other Internet Applications 

 Linguistic Abilities: English, Hindi, Bengali, and Kannada 
 

   S K I L L  S E T  

HR Operational Excellence & HR Policy ❑ Recruitment ❑ Key Account Management ❑ Revenue Generation ❑  People Management ❑ 

Training/Induction/On-Boarding ❑ Payroll & Compensation ❑ Employee Welfare/Relations/Grievance Management ❑ Performance 

Evaluation ❑ HR Database Management ❑ MIS Reporting ❑ Inter & Intra Department Coordination ❑ Team Management 
 

  C A R R E R  B R E A K  (Since Jan 2017) 

 Built up a raft of high valued skills  including problem solving, time management, crisis management and maturity 

 Developed entrepreneurial skills by making stuff toys and supplying them to several wholesale dealers in various marketes 

 Developed interest in Gemology and Astrology and read about the aspects and effects of both in everyday life 
 

   W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E  
 

Assistant Manager - HR Business Partner  Net Connect Pvt. Ltd. Apr ’14 – Dec ‘16 
 

Growth Path: Joined as Employee Engagement Lead and promoted to Assistant Manager - HR Business Partner 
 

★ Previously Employee Engagement Lead - HR for Net Connect employees @ Hewlett Packard (Global) 

★ Successfully worked on Red projects with escalation and turned green: Result: ensured PO renewals from happy and satisfied clients 

(HP Britannia, HP SOCGEN and more) 

★ Currently handling roles and responsibilities of Client Engagement Manager for HP Clients. Handle New contracts, PO renewals, 

Project Transitions, ensuring monthly approvals of worksheets and on time billing and receiving payment from client as per SOW  

★ First point of contact for all HR matters for the Customer Service Teams directly supporting a span of approx. 500 employees 

★ Received several appreciations from client for moving Red projects to Green and Green projects with Zero escalation. 
 

Projects Handled: 

 HP Global: MSIL, USL, ESSN, PPS, RTA,   HP Domestic: USL, GEGS, Andhra Bank, SOCGEN, Ashokleyland, FIS, 

 Other Projects - Accenture, IBM, TCS, VM Ware, Ericsson, TCL, Walmart, Delphi, ISGN, Fujitsu, FIS, Lowes, Sabre, Microsoft  
 

Responsibilities: 

 Human Resource Management: Played a role of Business Partner and as a HR Generalist. Develop/ administered HR programs, 

procedures, & guidelines and aligned with strategic business goals. Planned & executed HR strategies in coordination with senior 

management to advance ongoing HR practices, safeguard business ethics and integrate workforce development. Conducted 

monthly meeting with clients and discuss project progress, employee‟s succession path, performance appraisal & disciplinary issues   
 

mailto:rumpadey08@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rumpa-dey-b569b260/


RUMPA DEY | Confidential | Page 2 

 Key Account Management: Served as Project Manager / Account Manager to effectively handle new business purchase order, PO 

renewals, termination and more. Established working relationships with management, decision-makers, stakeholders, suppliers and 

business partners to follow-up with existing accounts. Explored new avenues by understanding existing outsourcing protocols and 

prospect new contracts.  
 

 Recruitment: Ensured success during all phases of recruitment throughout the organization to build a pool of qualified & suitable 

candidates. Handled an array of recruiting activities from sourcing to on-boarding and ensured the recruiting process aligns with 

current & future workforce needs. Involved in short listing candidates from internal employee referrals & other aids and performed 

reference & background checks for potential employees. Secured substantial cost saving in talent acquisition process.  
 

 Payroll & Compensation Management: Handled the entire salary structure & Payroll and provided employees with extra 

economic security. Drove employee friendly components for maximum tax benefits and net pay in close harmonization with 

External Consultants. Carried out a gamut of activities related to Salary Management, Payroll Administration, MIS Reporting and 

Compliance. Reviewed the current compensation practices and recommend equitable compensation balancing fiscal resources. 

 Reviewed poor performers by proactively encouraging business managers for initiating PIP as appropriate, influence business 

leaders around organizational commitment to differentiate performance 
 

 People Management: Coordinated with net-connect backend finance team for on time project billing and on time payment 

receivable from client. Participated in executive management and organizational staff meetings to set HR policies, define HR 

training program‟s scope and plan corporate training budget. Closely worked with diverse teams, Managers and Employees on 

daily basis to create relationship and source new candidate leads. Led a team of HR Business Partners for PAN India South. 
 

 Reporting & Documentation: Developed & reviewed crucial periodic MIS reports for management to track the performance level 

and business goals. Maintained all pertinent applicant and interviewed data. Sustained the inherent value of company‟s 

documentation and MIS reports about the findings, inaccuracy & risks in the database to the senior management. 
 

 Induction & On Boarding: Overviewed HR Onboarding team for timely completion of joining formalities and contact induction 

training as per project specifications. Provided guidance to candidates on corporate benefits, salary and HR policies; release offer 

letters to candidates, after acceptance of Salary Stack. 
 

 Employee Engagement & Welfare: Involved in Employee Development, Induction, Training, Benefits, Employee Engagement & 

more. Managed the employee relations issues & discrepancies, and took appropriate actions to resolve the same. Delivered value-

driven support to employee & labor relationships to standardize the employee development processes. 

✓ Improved ESAT and CSAT through employee engagement activities like Awards, Quarterly Lunch and outings for employees, 

Birthday celebrations, arranging competitions on various festivals between teams, Talent hunt Cultural events  
 

Store People Officer (SPO)  Future Group India – Big Bazaar and Food Bazaar Store, Durgapur  Nov ‟13 – Feb „14 

 Oversaw entire Employee Life Cycle right from hiring, joining formality, and compliance to exit formality 

 Handled Labor Union issues, Contract staffing through Adecco and self-recruitment, Mega Sale events people management 
 

HR Associate II - Generalist  Glopore IMS, Bangalore Oct ‟10 – Jun „13 
 

Succession Path: Associate I ► Associate II 
 

★ Awarded ‘GLOPORIAN of the Month – January 2013’ for completing Performance Appraisal Cycle for the Year 2011-12  

★ Received nominations and votes for Yearly award category – Gloporian, Innovation And Excellence 

 Recognized training needs for a particular position, analyzed the existing level of competencies of individuals vis-a-vis gaps in skills  

 Sourced potential candidates and carried out the initial recruitment process; managed first round of recruitment. Discussed salary 

annexture details, pay slip distribution & described CTC breakup norms after conducting referral check of the short-listed profiles 

 Led appraisal cycle includes updating the appraisal process, conducting annual and half yearly performance reviews, goal setting – R&R 

 Undertook joining formalities; passing requisition forms to IT & Admin unit for system plans as per reporting leads necessities 

 Handled payroll processing through Payroll management software “Relyon” 

 Handled employee grievances, disciplinary issues, warnings and PIP (Performance Improvement programs) while counseling employees 

 Initiated employee engagement activities like National Festival celebrations, Sports, cultural activities, Annual Award Ceremony 

 Enhance employee engagement through reengineering processes. Coordinated with Payroll Compensation, Finance unit with 450+ staff 

PRIOR EXPERIENCES  

HR Executive   Sigma Infosolutions, Bangalore Mar ‟10 – Aug ‟10 

 Assisted with recruitment and selection process and completed joining formalities for new hires.  

 Involved in managing leave of the employees and consolidating attendance for monthly Payroll. 
 

Individual Distributor   Herbalife, Bangalore Mar ‟09 – Feb ‟10 
 

  E D U C A T I O N  &  C R E D E N T I A L S  

2009 – MBA (HR & Marketing) from ICFAI University || 2007 - BBM (Specialization in HR) from Bangalore University 

 

Summer Internship Assignments (MBA): 

▪ Optimum Utilization of Resources – Case study and analysis on how to do optimum utilization of Pilots in Kingfisher Airlines 

▪ Training Need Analysis in Retail Sector –Types of training given to employees in Big Bazaar and its need to improve overall productivity 


