


































Ashwini .
Technical support advisor

To work with a reputed organisation which is challenging and demanding and to serve faithfully and fully
utilizing all my capabilities, skills and talents in your prestigious organisation that offers sensitively and
professional growth being resourceful and innovative.

aashushetty143@gmail.com 9591263573 Bangalore, India www.linkedin.com/in/ashwini-shetty-377120138

WORK EXPERIENCE

07/2016 – Present

Technical support advisor
Hinduja global solution

Bangalore
Resolving and troubleshooting modem/router  related queries online.
Helping in billing related problems on call. Assisting customer with
internet issues such as network security, password reset and etc.

07/2015 – 06/2016

Junior admin level 1
Diya system

Mangalore
Proficient in handling emails and providing Level 1 Technical, Billing and
sales support to end- users.                                                                                     
Experience in troubleshooting website or server related issues and
providing appropriate Solutions.                                                             
Handling billing and sales related issues.

EDUCATION

06/2012 – 03/2015

Bachelor of Computer Applications
SDM college of business management

Mangalore

BCA

Computer applications
and coding

SKILLS

Decision maker Leadership Problem solving

Listening Team work Ms office

People management Networking Public speaking

Presentation skills Adaptability Reasoning

Composed Website development front-end Html

Css Marketing skills

PERSONAL PROJECTS

‘E-HR AND PAYROLL MANAGEMENT’
E-HR and payroll Information Systems (HRIS) or HR Technology
shape an intersection between human resource management
(HRM) and information technology. It merges HRM as a discipline
and in particular its basic HR activities and processes with the
information technology. This takes care of the two main functions
Service Records maintenance and Payroll generation of the
employees. The HR and Payroll automates the pay process by
gathering data on employee time and attendance, calculating
various deductions and taxes, and generating periodic paybills and
annexure reports.

ACHIEVEMENTS

Miss popular face of Karavali 2016

Won cluster level dance competition

LANGUAGES

English

Kannada

Hindi

Tulu

Konkani

INTERESTS

Modeling Dancing Cooking Interior design

Knowing people Photography Acting fashion

Sports

mailto:aashushetty143@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashwini-shetty-377120138

