












































RESUME

DEEPALI SAKHARAM GOSAVI

Address- 32/1048 Tagore nagar,

Vikhroli (East), Mumbai-400083.

Contact no.-9004757271
EMAIL:deepaligosavi25@gmail.com
                                                                                 
          
Objective

Willingness to accept and face challenges, Looking for a better position, one that build on my skills and make me independent and provide scope for upward movement.

Work Experience
Gangar Opticians Pvt.Ltd.                                              (April 2017 to till the date)
 (Warehouse, Prabhadevi)

  Experience: Data Operator 
· Warehouse stock -picking and receive from vendor. Received all vendor stock in system 

· Daily coordination with vendor and stores to solve product related queries also Follow up of pending order.                            

· Generate purchase orders, goods receipt note (GRN) of tax invoices daily.
· Coordinate with accounts department to solve all invoices related queries also with stores through mails and on call.
Serco BPO (Intelenet Global Services Pvt.Ltd.)
  Experience:  Back office executive                           (April 2015-Nov 2016)
· Verified accuracy of data provided.

· Input various data into software systems in daily manner.

· Performed alpha and numeric data entry to add records in excel sheets.
· Daily report to seniors by using of pivot table, filter and basic excel formulas. 
Educational Qualifications

	Examination
	 Year of passing
	Board/University
	Class


	B.COM
	March-2013
	Mumbai University
	First class

	H.S.C.
	February-2010
	Maharashtra State Board
	Second class

	S.S.C
	March-2008
	Maharashtra State Board
	First class


Computer Knowledge

· Completed MS-CIT , Tally ERP 9, Advance Excel
· MS-office- Excel, Word, PowerPoint
Personal Skills:

 Good qualitative aptitude along with excellent Grasping power and eagerness

 to learn capability of Working in team, self motivated and a passion to succeed.

Personal Details                       

	· Name:
	
	Deepali Sakharam Gosavi.

	
	
	

	· Date of Birth :
	
	25th October 1991

	
	
	

	· Nationality:
	
	Indian 

	
	
	

	· Marital Status:
	
	Unmarried

	
	
	

	· Languages Known:       
	
	       English, Hindi and Marathi

	
	
	


Place : Mumbai

Date :                                                                     
                                                                               (Deepali Sakharam Gosavi)

