












































Malathy.V

Flat – 3, Plot – 226 / 227  Ayya Flats,
Gandhi Road,

Velachery,

Chennai – 42.

Ph – 09710439389

E-mail - v_malathy@rediffmail.com


OBJECTIVE

To add value to the organization and contributing towards achievement of the goals by aligning myself with the organizational objectives and having career growth and learning in the process

Bird’s View 
7+ years of experience in BPO Sector 

5 years of experience in Banking Sector at Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) 

· 2+ years of experience in Claims Processing at Perot System
Academics

· Bachelor of Commerce from University  of Madras .

Work Experience
Executive in Accounts Facilitation Department @ Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), since January 2007

· Client Processing Executive @ PEROT SYSTEM, October 2004 to December 2006

· 1 year of Apprenticeship with Auditor's Firm
Roles & Responsibilities
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) - Executive @ Accounts Facilitation Department
· Maintaining the client accounts of foreign countries - Netherlands, Germany and other European nations.

· Opening, maintaining and closing of client accounts based on their service request.

· Regular monitoring of client mails and taking proper action according to their request and rendering support through mail in addition to their request raised.

· Working towards achieving team/individual targets and meeting SLA's-Service Level Agreements.

· Preparing error reports on periodic basic to meet SLA.

· Need to work towards reducing the request counts of total inflow and keeping the productivity report on track.

· Validating the documents prepared by junior officers based on four eye principle in ISO.

· Doing work place work out to increase productivity, increase efficiency, reduce cost etc.

· Co-coordinating with FTE by regularly monitoring their status and providing inputs to improve client satisfaction with quality service.

· Being a back up of Team leader need to maintain ten member team weekly once and attain sufficient exposure of all activities.

· Rendering support for other teams to attain knowledge among various team activities and reporting to Team leader - Accounts facilitation department.

PEROT SYSTEM - Client Processing Executive
Processing US medical insurance claims 

Handling Documentation verification process

Validating the claims based on clients documents and medical records

Claim payment processing

Personal Information

Father's Name   
:  Varadharajan

Spouse's Name 
:  Srinath. G

Date of Birth   

:  02-04-1984

Nationality

:  Indian

Languages

:  Read, Write & Speak - Tamil, English

Hobbies


:  Cooking & Reading Magazines

I hereby declare that all information provided above is true to best of my knowledge.

(Malathy. V)
<Page 2 of 3>

