

























 

Aakash 
Shinghal 
 

 
Aakash Shinghal 
Flat No: 204, Doctor’s Pride Apartment, Madhapur, Hyderabad  
Pin - 500081 
 
+91-8800134756 
shinghal.aakash@gmail.com 

ㅡ 

Vision 
 
 
 

 
 
I want to continue my endeavour in a challenging environment, which 
would allow me to apply my technical, analytical, and interpersonal skills 
to attain the organization echelon and groom my knowledge.  

ㅡ 

Profile Snapshot 
 

 
 

● Have 4 years of experience in Digital Marketing, Web Analytics, 
Product Management (Web). 

● Strong knowledge of Business Analytics and excellent 
understanding of customer needs. 

● Results oriented approach and ability to play with data to seek 
trends and then develop solutions. 

● Strong knowledge of Implementation, Analyzing, Reporting and 
Troubleshooting the data & reports with highest precision. 

● Good knowledge of Google Analytics, BigQuery and SQL 
Database Management. 

● Excellent communication, collaboration, mentoring, and team 
building skills. 

● Quick learner and ability to adapt new technologies and 
concepts easily. 

● Fast executer to accomplish the assignment well before the 
deadlines. 

ㅡ 

Experience 

 

Accenture Solutions/ GA 360 Specialist (​Client Site: Google, 
Hyderabad​) 
March 2016 - Present,  Hyderabad, India 

● Responsible for providing superior technical assistance and 
liaising with other departments to provide two-way 
communication on client's issues and questions. 

● This includes problem prioritization, analysis and resolution of 
issues, always resulting in a high level of client's satisfaction. 

● Mined online marketing and web analytics data for insights into 
customer behavior. 

● Analyzing the user behavior and content type that driving more 
business revenue outcome that helping to make better business 
decisions. 

● Creating Dashboards, to quickly get the overview of various 
reports based on the selected dimensions and metrics. 

● Rigorously working with Business Excellence and Business 
Solutions teams for the continuous improvement of the process 

mailto:shinghal.aakash@gmail.com


and to achieve the metrics. 

Other Responsibilities handled: 

● Shift Lead / Queue management 
● V-Guru (BigQuery, API and Optimize 360) 
● Daily Reporting 
● POD Lead 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited / Internet Marketer and Quality 
Assurance Executive  
December 2014 - March 2016,  Noida(Delhi NCR) India 

Internet Marketer: 

● Researched new and latest techniques for better user interface. 
● Researched client feedback for better client satisfaction. 
● Strategically and aggressively drive good spikes in customer 

engagement through various online and offline campaigns. 
● Planning strategies on the basis of the data available, for a better 

user experience. 
● Designed and Revamped Mailers/Process  
● Forming strategies/use case model for increasing the open rate/ 

click rate of mails sent in bulk to the clients.  
● Working on Bounce Rate-forming strategies and executing them 

to  decrease the bounce rate of mailers sent to clients 
● Ensuring the Product presentation in the client's website for 

better visitor experience and to increase the ROI of the client. 
● Ensuring the client satisfaction regarding designing of there 

websites/catalogs. 
 
Quality Assurance Executive: 

● Responsible for maintaining all aspects of site's quality.  
● Monitoring and auditing of product to ensure high standards of 

quality  

T.E.C.C.S (BSNL Credit Society) / Software Trainer 
July 2014 - November 2016,  Bareilly (U.P) India 

● To report the flaws in the software and get them fixed. 
● Provide training to the employees so that they can work 

independently. 
● To suggest and implement strategies for better Interface.  

ㅡ 

Education 

 

R.I.M.T  (UPTU) / Bachelors of Technology 
● June 2010 - June 2014,  Bareilly(U.P) India 

B.B.L Public School,​  (CBSE) / SSC 
● 2009 - 2010,  Bareilly(U.P) India 

B.B.L Public School,​  (CBSE) / HSC 
● 2007 - 2008,  Bareilly(U.P) India 

 



ㅡ 

Awards 

 

● Awarded as CSAT King for the month of May 2016.. 
● Awarded With ‘Behind the Scenes’ award for Sep’17. 
● Awarded as Employee of the Month for the August 2015.. 

 

ㅡ 

Skills 

 

 
Professional in Web-analysis skills using Google analytics 360, 
AdWords and hands on experience in Google cloud using BigQuery. 
 
Analytics and Webmaster: 

● Google Analytics 360, Tag Manager 360, Optimize 360, Data 
Studio, Search Console, and Google Webmaster Tools  

Ads and Campaign Management: 
● AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook Ads, and basics about 

DoubleClick 
Database Management: 

● BigQuery, SQL Server, MS Office, Google Spreadsheets 
Programming language   

● C, C++, HTML 
Operating System   

● Linux, Windows XP/07/08/10 
 

ㅡ 

Personal Information 
 
 
 

 
Name    :  Aakash Shinghal 
Date of Birth  :  03-10-1992 
Father’s Name    :  Vinod Shinghal 
Nationality  :  Indian 

             Languages Known              :  Hindi, English. 
             Permanent Address            :  House No. 633, Sahukara Dano  
                                                              Street Bareilly. (U.P) 

Declaration: 
 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
 
Date:  
Place: Hyderabad                                                                                                                                                             Aakash Shinghal 
 
 


