












































RESUME

RESUME

Name  : Milind Baliram Bhalke           
E-mail:milindbhalke@gmail.com     

Mobile No.:  8669035439
                                                              

	Objective:

	To develop my career where I will be a valuable team member, contributing quality ideas and work. I have ability to work well as a lead in a team or individual environment. 


	Educational Qualification:

	Degree
	College
	University/Board
	Percentage

	BSc.(Agri.)
	College of Agriculture, Nagpur
	Dr.PDKV, Akola
	71.30%

	H.S.C
	M.U.M College,Udgir
	Latur
	60.83%

	S.S.C
	Dr.B.D.V,School, Mukaramabad
	Aurangabad
	59.46%


	Personal Information:

	Date of Birth:
	01 June, 1982

	Contact Address:
	Milind B.Bhalke, Shivnerinagar, Lane No. 30, Kondhwa Khurd Pune-411048

	Mobile No.: 
	8669035439 

	Nationality:
	Indian

	Languages:
	English, Hindi, Marathi. Good communication skill.

	Area’s of Interest 
	Banking & Finance, BPOs and KPOs


	Work Experience: 8  years

	1. CICR NAGPUR: Technical Associate at CICR, Nagpur. Technical work of research.
2. Basix, Micro Finance, and Non Banking Finance Co. (6-group of holding co.) as an Executive for the period 1.8 years. (Joined on 2nd may 2008. Left on 19th Jan 2010). 
3. JUST DIAL: Information Retrieval Officer 2 years (3rd Sept, 2012 to 8th Oct, 2014).
4. Intelenet Global Services Pvt Ltd, Team Leader (Operations) for the period of 4 Years. (Joining Date 28th Nov, 2014.to 6th Dec, 2018). 


	Computer Skills:

	
	· MS-CIT  with 71.00 %

· Basic knowledge of computer.   

       


	WORK SKILLS: As Team Leader: (4 Years)

	OPERATIONS:
· Intelenet Global Services Pvt. Ltd. Pune BPO-Voice (Viman Nagar) Team Size-25.
1. Management of Team and Training skills: Testing abilities, personality and motivation, Management and personal development, Testing abilities, personality and motivation, Managing stress, Team work, Negotiation skills, Time management, Performance management and commercial contacts.
2. Quality management and Improvement: Identify the problems and bringing improvement by monitoring calls and provided constructive feedback to associates and enhance the team bound work.

3. Delegating power and responsibility: Centralization and decentralization of decision-making, advantages and disadvantages of delegating. Procedure and problems of delegating.

4. Good Analytical Skills and excellent communication skill to handle in multiple stress conditions of grievances.

5. Well versed with MS-Office, MS-Excel, PowerPoint, and quick learner of new concepts to enhance the business.
6. Report Management: CTR, IVRS, DV, Attrition, Shrinkage reports on Daily, weekly and monthly reporting to AM and HR to manage manpower.
7. Manpower Management: Well versed with manpower planning includes, shrinkage & attrition, Performance monitoring, scheduling and rostering, 
· Basix Micro finance. Managed Financial Services. Team size -20
1. Managing Business Planning of monthly and annually, Loan Appraisals, and disburse of sanctioned loan amount.
2. Recovery of Loan amount, Manage recovery team grievances.

3. Sales of Insurance products, (General and Life Insurance).
· Just dial, Pune

1. Handling inbound calls. Generating Business leads to register with company.

· CICR, Nagpur:  Technical Help.



DECLARATION:                   
I am confident of my ability to work as AM / Team Lead for a team and individual to develop my career by improving the company objectives. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Pune
Date:                                                                                           (Milind Baliram Bhalke)
