















































 

Personal Info 
Mobile 

+91-9822910454 

 

E-Mail 

rohanraher@gmail.com 

 

LinkedIn 

www.linkedin.com/in/rohan-aher 
 

Techniques 

Regression, Decision Trees, SVM, K-

Means Clustering, Random Forest, 

Market-Basket. 

 

Tools & Technologies 

R, Amazon RedShift, SQL, PowerBI, 

IBM Cognos, Tableau, Python. 

 

Soft Skills  

Problem solving, creative thinking, 

critical thinking, accurate and detail 

oriented, team player, effective 

communication skills, quick learner. 

 
Area(s) of interest 
Machine Learning, Storytelling via 

visual analytics, Predictive Modelling, 

Statistical Modelling. 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Rohan Aher 
Business Analyst 

Experienced business analyst with 1.5 years of experience in auto and retail sector with 

strong attention to detail who quickly understands and analyses complex issues striving 

to deliver every output in a high standard. Applies analytic techniques and creativity to 

provide the customer with crucial strategic info. 

Experience 

Jan 2018-            Business Analyst 

Present                Hansa Customer Equity Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai 

Client: A niche retail apparel brand. 

- Performed a Market-Basket analysis to identify the seasonal 

behavior of customers and stocking up in anticipation to an 

upcoming season. 

- Designed and implemented a holistic dashboard in IBM Cognos, 

covering entire business for brick-n-mortar as well as online 

medium. 

- Deep-dived into the data, to understand, track and analyze 

various business KPI’s to discover hidden trends and patterns 

across the data and achieve business targets. 

 

Client: Indian 2-wheeler market leader.  

- Built a tree to identify channel wise service campaign 

effectiveness at different levels. 

- Proposed a ‘Buy Till You Die’ model to predict the likelihood of a 

customer opening the next campaign. 

- Developed and deployed a complete business tracking suite in 

Power BI comprising of detailed reports for campaigns and 

essential KRA’s to drive the business. 

- Periodical analysis on different trends and figuring out promising  

solutions to improve the business and improve the customer    

engagement with the brand. 

- Assisted in mapping the CLTV for the brand. 

July 2017- Business Analyst Intern 

Oct 2017 Tata Motors Limited, Pune 

-      Forecasted a profit & loss analysis. 

-      Deep dived to perform a fraud analysis to identify suspicious      

       claims for annual maintenance contracts. 

  -      Multiple Ad Hocs for TATA Motors and Jaguar Land Rover. 

June 2016-         MIS Analyst 

Oct 2016            Penta Designers & Engineers Pvt. Ltd. 

 

April 2015-         Graduate Engineer Trainee 

Dec 2015            Neodes Designs, Pune 

Education 
June 2017 SP Jain, PGPBA in Big Data & Analytics. 
April 2014 P.V.P.I.T, Pune University, B.E Mechanical Engineering. 

 

 

 

mailto:rohanraher@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/rohan-aher

