














































Mridhul TP 
Padakkarayil House, Pipe line Road, Palluruthy, Cochin – 682 006 
mridhulp@gmail.com, Mob: 8089778087 

 
» OBJECTIVE 

 
A highly self-motivated individual, looking to join a challenging team of experts with professional 
working environment, where my skills will be put to optimum use in a reputed multi-national 
company. 

 

» EDUCATIONAL  
 

 BACHELOR OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 2009 to 2012. 

(MG University). 

 HIGHER SECONDARY COMMERCE 2007 to 2009(Board of HSE, Kerala). 

 SECONDARY 2007 (Kerala State Education Board) 

 

» KEY SKILL 
 

 Good experience in handling various formulas and pivot tables. 

 Advance Excel Skills & Basic Macros 

 Good knowledge over all MS office applications 

 Ability to maintain accuracy of all excel spreadsheets 

 knowledge in Excel add-ins, Build Scripts, building macros 

 

» PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
   

(From 2013 September 2
nd 

to 2015 February 27
th

) Audit Associate (Finance and Accounts), 
KPMG, Info Park Cochin. 

 
 Worked under Confirmation and FSMA (POD) Team of KPMG, Cochin. 

 To assist the US certified Accountants for Analyzing and verification of monthly, quarterly, annual 

returns of financial statements. 

 Verify the arithmetical accuracy of Final Accounts. 

 Preparation and analysis of Lead Sheets, aging report purchase and sales sample population. 

 Maintaining good relationship with clients through outlook, internal messenger and phone (if 

necessary) to expand the business. 

 Take the review and Submit the completed work to QRM team members for further review if 

applicable. 



 Responsible for day to day operations of the team, Cross Training, Backup plans, Process 

improvements, handling and resolving IT issues etc. 

 

(From 2015 July 10th to November 2016) Consultant at Reporting and analysis team in 

Sutherland Mortgage Inc. 

 Collate & prepare daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, half yearly and annual reports based on 

various financial data. 

 Prepare Weekly business report (WBR) and submit to the client team Manger, “WBR” is a 

tabular and graphical representation of weekly production of the MCS team. 

 Analyze Daily ending report (DER) and Prepare LOB, Agent productivity report ,Service level 

agreement (SLA), Weekly, Monthly and annual reports of MCS and CS team of Sutherland. 

 Preparing weekly productivity summary for continuously monitoring performance and quality 

control plans to identify improvements. 

 Preparing stack ranking for the analysis of monthly performance of employees and determine the 

incentives of every individual. 

 Developed management reports and ensured accuracy of financial information.  

 Evaluate reports and facilitated decision making for clients. 

 Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. 

 Create Dashboards in excel as per the request of Management team.  

 

 (From 2016 November 25th to Present) Associate at Wipro Technologies (HRSS Team). 

 Works at off boarding department. Here, we dealing with ex- employee’s final settlement. 

 Compute/verify the employee final settlement salary (during the time of notice period). 

 During the time of notice period, recover all liabilities and make all payment to employee. 

 Verify each employee balance sheet and clear pending dues if necessary (check earnings 

and recovery) 

 Verify the Salary components in SAP and update the taxable earnings on the PPS (Payroll 

processing system) to determine the income tax. 

 Calculation of income tax and Vouching of Income tax proof. 

 Once the proofs are vouched, it is being updated in PPS (Payroll processing System) 

corresponding to the respective component and run income tax. 

 Answer ex - employee queries related to Income tax deduction of final settlement.  

 Issuing Form 16 and Salary calculation break up. 

 Daily Preparation of Earnings and recovery file (Net payable) /Upload file /IT run file . 



 Daily termination, Savings bulk uploading and Income tax run. 

 Daily preparation of closure List and allocating work to the team mate.  

 Preparation of provision on every month end to raise fund for next month FI clearance / 

forecasting the total net payable of open final settlement  of ex-employees. 

 Create FI clearance working file that helps to simplify the work and track the daily productivity  

 Make a report of negative final settlement and report to the team lead and recovery team. 

 Sharing withheld salary and hanging entry details to HR person. 

 

» PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

 Sex     : Male 

 Date of Birth  : 1st May 1991  

 Nationality  : Indian  

 Marital Status  : Single 

 

» DECLARATION 
 

 I, Mridhul T P, do hereby declare that the above given information are true to the best of my 

knowledge and belief and I can support it with documentary 

 
 
Place: Cochin 
Date: 
 


