














































                                                                                                                                  
CURRICULUM VITAE

Ivan Xavier Fernandes

Mobile Number : +918108898971 ivanfernandesivan88@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE:

· To seek a long-term career with a progressive organization which provides flexibility for growth opportunities for maximum utilization of potential, through creative contribution in all areas of work and efficient use of the knowledge and skills.

SYNOPSIS:

· Young, energetic & result oriented professional. Self motivated and highly ethical, trustworthy and discreet..

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:               
Company: Tech Mahindra Business Services Limited
Position: Senior Customer Service Representative Experience: 8/12/2010 - current

Job Description:
· Monitoring calls and giving feedback. Also give process and product Training.
· Handle Esclation calls and floor walk for new batches.
● Initiates required action for response to customer service requests for order changes, including the maintenance of order/customer information files and communicates changes to the appropriate personnel/departments.
● Receives inquiries from and/or contacts the organization’s branch/regional offices to resolve a variety of order related issues.
● Accesses the company’s internal systems to obtain and extract order information and provide customer service management with the data for inclusion in various scheduled and special reports
● Performs assigned system maintenance to various electronic order files.
● Participates and provides expertise as a member of the customer service’s departmental team. The team's objectives are develop and recommend changes to existing methods and systems to increase the accuracy, efficiency and responsiveness of the customer service department as a whole.

Company: First Source Pvt. Ltd.
Position: Senior Customer Service Representative
Experience: One Year 4 months (2009­2010)

Job Description:

● Understand customer query and respond to it ensuring that all queries / concerns are answered.
● Answering customer queries in a clear and concise
● Guides the customer with the relevant information they seek.
● Responding to e­mails from the customers to take their orders, answer queries and inquiries.
● Maintaining customer data

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor of Arts (BA)
● College: St. Andrews College Bandra West
● Specialization: Economics

Higher Secondary School Certificate:
● Specialization: Arts
● College: St. Andrews College Bandra West
● Grade: Second Class

Secondary School Certificate:
● College: St. Theresa’s School Bandra West
● Grade: Second Class

TECHNICAL SKILLS:  
· Operating Systems: Windows 2000/XP/Vista
· Packages: MS - Word, MS - Excel, MS - Power Point

EXTRA­CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES:

Was part of the organizing committee for the College dance festival ‘Jhankaar’ 2007 & 2008

Hobbies / Interests 

Travelling, Listening to Music

Skills / Strengths 
· Good Interpersonal skills and management
· Team player
· Go-getter
· Good Communication skills
· Enjoy interacting and dealing with people

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of Birth:30 th Nov, 1988
Email Id:fernandesivan88@gmail.com
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Konkani 
Mobile Number :+918108898971
Permanent Address: Room No. 113, Gaundevi, Vakola Pipeline, Subhash Nagar,Santa Cruz (E),
Mumbai 400055 


( Ivan Fernandes)
 


