
















































SUNITA RANI                                                                                                    
Mobile: 9599223297                                                                                                                      

Email:  sunita1jangra@gmail.com

Career Objective

Seeking a position where I can utilize my skills for the benefit of the firm by implementing latest QA programs for maintaining quality standards to ensure that the organization meets the requirements and comply with the market needs.

Core Competence

· Quality Assurance and Software Testing in Telecom, E-commerce and KYC Domain
· Software Requirements Analysis
· Test Documentations Proficiency 
· Defect Management 

 Summary


· Currently working as Lead Engineer in HCL Technologies.
· Having 4.5 years of Experience in Software Testing in Telecom, E-commerce and KYC Domain. 
· Good knowledge of SDLC and STLC.
· Experienced in Agile scrum methodologies.
· Prepare documentation to be shared and agreed with customer like RBT, Acceptance Test Plan and Coverage Matrix, etc.
· Testing the user interface applications within established testing protocols, guidelines and standards to ensure programs and applications perform to specification and provides support during onsite-testing and go-live phases of the project.
· Possess problem-solving skills, ability to follow industry standards and procedures.
· Ability to quickly master new concepts, applications and a team player. Good communication and interpersonal skills.

	   Technical skills
	

	
	

	Testing Type
	Sanity, Functional, Acceptance, Regression, Compatibility, Robustness, Ad-hoc Testing

	Automation Tool
	Soap UI, Selenium WebDriver with Java
Proprietary tools- RMv1\v2

	Framework
	TestNG

	Bug tracking Tool
	JIRA, IBM Clear Quest, GNAT.

	Test Management Tool
	JIRA
Proprietary tools - APTest Manager, TPM

	Database
	SQL Server

	Operating system
	Linux, Windows10, Windows8 

	Source Configuration Management Tool
	CVS

	Protocol 
	OSPF, SIP, VOIP.




Professional Experience
Currently working as ‘Lead Engineer’ in HCL Technologies Ltd, from 28th June 2013- till date.

Projects Undertaken

Project 1.1: International Front-end Optimization [April’17- Present]
Client: Western Union Money Transfer
Team Size: 8
Tools: JIRA, Splunk, Putty, Soap UI, Selenium WebDriver with java, TestNG
Environment: Linux, Windows, Agile
Role: Senior Tester (Manual + Automation)

Project Description:
The Western Union Company is International money transfer service provider that specializes in the transfer of money from one place to another across world. In International Front-end Optimization track, moving the site from legacy to responsive and handles responsive country launches to production.
Project 1.2: Global KYC [Jul’16- Mar ‘17]
Client: Western Union Money Transfer
Tools: JIRA, Splunk, Putty, Soap UI
Environment: Linux, Windows, Agile
Role: Senior Tester (Manual + Automation)

Project Description:
Global KYC track is to digitalise the KYC process. The product is created and tested as per the requirements of the customer, the services offered to the customer like ID verification, Upload documents, Scan documents.
Responsibilities:
· Requirement specification closure with client.
· Providing Effort Estimation.
· Responsible for analysing the requirements and identifying the Test Scenarios
· Responsible for manual and automation execution of Test cases. 
· Responsible for logging and tracking defects in JIRA.
· Responsible for attending scrum calls and sending daily progress reports to the Onshore/Offshore Lead.
· Closely coordinating with the development team in fixing defects


Project 2: UCA & NG Communication Suite[Jan’15-Jun’16]
Client: Mitel Networks
Team Size: 5
Tools: IBM Rational Clear Quest, QC, AP Test Manager, JIRA, Soap UI
Environment: Linux, SIP, VoIP, PBX, IP Phones, Manual Testing, Mobile Testing, Agile
Devices: Samsung, IPhone, Windows Phone, Mac Client
Role: Tester (Manual)

Project Description:
Mitel Networks is a telecommunications company providing unified communications solutions for business.
UCA (Unified Communication Application) is a desktop application which supports various environment like Citrix, VM ware, etc. and internal and external network. NG (Next Generation) is a mobile client application which supports various operating system like Android, iOS, BlackBerry OS and Windows OS.

Responsibilities:
· Implement Test Plans, test cases writing, test environment setup.
· Responsible for testing call, call forward, chat, voicemail, call history, MiTeam functionalities.
· Involvement in Test Execution, Result Analysis, Defect Reporting and Defect validation using JIRA and Clear Quest.
· Perform Sanity Testing, Regression Testing, Negative Testing, Robustness Testing, Cross-Platform Testing, Forward and Backward Compatibility Testing.
· Report issues to the integrator and Developers through JIRA.
· Perform regression testing in subsequent cycles of project on correction packages.

Project 3: Protocol Automation Regression Testing[Jun’13-Dec’14] 
Client: Juniper Networks
Team Size: 10
Tools: RMv1 and v2, GNAT, Test Profile Manager, CVS                 
Environment: Linux, Perl, Basic of OSPF, Automation & Manual Testing
Platform: JUNOS (Operating system for Juniper boxes)
Role: Junior Tester (Automation)

Project Description:
Juniper Networks markets networking products. Its products include routers, switches, network management software, network security products and software-defined networking technology.

Responsibilities:
· Responsible for Automation testing for covering functionalities on different products of juniper (m, mx series routers) for latest JUNOS release. 
· Responsible for trigger automation run on test scripts.
· Responsible for debugging the failure script in automation run.
· Report defects to developer through Bug Tracking Tool (GNU Compiler GNATs).
· Perform regression testing in subsequent cycles of project on correction packages.

Training and Certification




· Certified in Juniper Networks Certified Internet Associate-Junos (JNCIA-Junos) with 95% score.
· Certified in CEPP- Business Aligned Training- Selenium.
· Certified in IKM-Software Quality Assurance Test.
· Got a certificate of excellence as Tester Junior- Process.




	  Education
	
	



	Examination
	Name of institution
	Board/University
	Year of Passing
	% Marks

	B.Tech(CE)
	YMCA Institute of Science and Technology, Faridabad
	MDU, Rohtak
	2012
	79

	10+2
	Central Senior Secondary School, Sirsa
	H.B.S.E
	2008
	86

	10th
	Anupam Senior High School, Sirsa
	H.B.S.E
	2006
	90




	  Personal Details
	
	



Name                                                Sunita Rani
D.O.B. 				13th March 1991
Spouse’s Name                               Ram Chander
Marital Status                                 Married
Nationality                                      Indian
Hobbies                                           Cooking, Dancing
Languages   			English and Hindi

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief and nothing has been concealed or distorted.

						                                          Sunita Rani
