











































RESUME


Rajnish Kumar Rai                    		Email:	monu8272949062@gmail.com
C/o Raghunath singh                   		Mob: 8420235043
#11,A.N Deo path,Titagarh 
Purani Bazar, P.S. - Titagarh
Dist. -North 24-Pargana,
Pin- 700119




Objective
Seeking a challenging career, where I can enhance my skill sets by being a part of the team, that excels in living up to the employers expectations and work towards fulfilment of the organizational objectives.



Educational Qualification
    Examination/Degree         Board/University 
       1. B.sc                  Andhra University
         2. Higher Secondery       WBCHSE
         3. Madhyamik             WBBSE

						





                       WORK EXPERIENCE

Current Company: 	Gainwell Comosells India Pvt. Ltd.
Job Profile:	Call Center Coordinator
Period:	24th September’16 – Till date.
Job Description: 

· Inbound customer complaint handling

· Registration of customer compliant and allocation to Product Support Manager through SAP CRM.

· Follow-up and feedback of the complaint till closure.

· Inbound sales call handling and uploading in Lead Management System.

· Customer complaint feedback calling

· Customer Loyalty survey calling.

· Response to the online chat to the customer through company website.

Company Name:	Concentrix Daksh Pvt Ltd
Job Profile:	Sr. Practitioner
Period:	6th September’13 – 2nd. February’16
Job Description:          
· Customer’s policy verification and issuance


· Follow-up and feedback for the complaint.


Company Name:	TBSS (Tata Business Support System)
Job Profile:	Customer Support Assistant
Period:	Feb’11-October’11
Job Description:          
· Calling Tata Sky Customers and upgrading channels.  .
· Complain registration with the help of sap.



 
Computer knowledge:  (Bsc. In Computer Science)
· MS Office (Word , Excel , Power Point)

· Tally ERP.9 

Personal Information
Name:	             Rajnish Kumar Rai
Father’s Name:	Awadh Kishore Rai
Date of Birth:	      23. 12. 1984
Sex:	             Male
Blood Group:          B+
Languages Known:	English, Hindi, Bengali
Nationality:	       Indian
Hobbies:	       Sports & Listen to Music

Declaration
I consider myself familiar with work aspects. I am also confident to work in a team.
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.




Date:	27.11.2018				
Place: Kolkata								Rajnish Kumar Rai
                             
