












Ritesh Jain


	Ritesh Jain
	Plot No. 119-C,Vithhal Nagar 1, Behind Janki Nagar, Uday Nagar, Manewada, Nagpur-440024
Mobile :09260693639/7020250523
E-mail: sine.jain@yahoo.com




 (
 Career Objectives
)

An optimistic, self-motivated, hardworking individual aspiring to be an excellent professional  who is eager to consistently learn, contribute and upgrade in the professional culture. I take the job with a great sense of responsibility, enjoy the challenges of new situations and assure you of making a positive value addition in my position.

 (
 Professional Qualifications
)



	Examination
	Name of the Institution
	Year of Passing

	C.A. FINAL
	The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
	2011

	C.A. PE-II
	The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
	2007

	C.A. PE-I
	The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
	2006



 (
 Academic Qualifications
)


	Examination
	Name of the Institution
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
Scored

	B. Com
	 College of Commerce & Management Studies, Udaipur
(MLS University)
	2008
	63

	H.S.C.
	Guru Govind Singh Sen. Sec. School , Udaipur, Rajasthan (R.B.S.E.)
	2005
	76.62

	S.S.C.

	Gyan Mandir Sen. Sec. School Udaipur, Rajasthan (R.B.S.E.)
	2003
	77.67






 (
Work Experience
 
)
	Job Experience
	Work Exposure

	Barbate Automotive (I) Pvt. Ltd., Nagpur (Arya Cars Group)
	From Apr 2015 to till date
Head - Accounts & Finance
Leading, handling & supervising a team of around 30 Accounts staff members including accounts executives, managers & senior managers.
Job Responsibility :- 
* Responsible for overall accounts, finance & taxation till the Finalization of Balance Sheets. 
* Fund management of Group Finances.
 * Preparing & presenting the monthly MIS covering all the small & major aspects of Accounts & Finance.
* Managing and complying with the internal Audits.
* Dealing & Managing with organization’s Banking & Insurance Companies.
* Coordinating & complying with the statutory audits requirements & finalization thereof.
* Preparation of Projected financials & Budgetary forecasts.
* Handling all the statutory workings, payments, Returns & assessment proceedings ( i.e. Income Tax,GST,  Sales Tax, Service Tax, LBT, PF, ESIC, PT etc.)
Current CTC : 8.20 Lakhs

	Tristar Retail Limited, Nagpur
(One of the largest Retail chains of India,
Owning more than 10 international big brands across more than 160 exclusive outlets)

	From Nov 2011 to Mar 2015(Post Qualification)
Senior Manager : Accounts & Taxation
Coordinating & supervising till finalization of Accounts
(handled a team of 15 accounts staff )
Experience of numerous fields of Retails
Latest CTC : 5 Lakhs


	Nyati & Associates
Chartered Accountants,
Udaipur
	9 Months i.e. From Nov.2010 to July 2011(Pre Qualification)
· Audit assignments
· Taxation works
· Accounts & Finance

	S.C. Ajmera & Co. Chartered Accountants, Udaipur.
(Internship)
	· Statutory Audit of Listed as well as Private Companies
· Dealt with Internal Audits
· Tax Audit of Companies
· Limited Review
· Bank Audit
· Statutory Audits
· Concurrent Audits
· Central Statutory Audit
· Special Audit Assignments 
· General Accounting & Certification work


 (
Major Client Base 
)

· GACL (Gujarat Alkalis and Chemical  Limited), Stat. Audit (Baroda, Gujarat),
· MGVCL (Madhya Gujarat Vij Company Limited)(Formerly Known as Gujarat Electricity Board, Stat. Audit (Baroda, Gujarat)
· Bharti Hexacom Ltd.( Airtel) Suk and VCC Audit
· Pacific Industries Ltd. (Marble & Granite Industry)
· Gattani  Group Of Companies, Udaipur  
· Internal Audits
· Autokam Honda ( Kamal Automotives Pvt. Ltd.)( Branch Udaipur)(A dealer in Cars and Parts/Accessories)
· Hotel Radisson Blue (Udaipur , Rajasthan)
· Concurrent Audit 
·  Dena Bank, (Udaipur , Rajasthan)
·  Bank of Baroda, (Udaipur , Rajasthan) 
· Syndicate Bank, (Udaipur , Rajasthan)
· Statutory Audit of banks
· Bank of India (Udaipur , Rajasthan)
· Central Statutory Audit of banks
· State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (Jaipur, Rajasthan)


·  (
Information Technology
)Completed the “Compulsory Computer Training Program” of 100 hours in accordance with the requirements of regulation 45 of the Chartered Accountants Regulations, 1988 at Aptech Computer Education (Udaipur Rajasthan).
· Well conversant with Tally, Internet, Microsoft Office (including MS-Word, MS-Excel & MS-Power point ) and other windows based software application.
 (
 Additional Attributes
)

· Proficiency in Accountancy, Taxation and Mathematics.
· Keen to Learn and good grasping power.
· Ability to handle and coordinate team during Audit Assignments.
 (
 Personal Details
)

Date of Birth	:	13th June, 1987
Nationality	:	Indian
Languages Known	:	English, Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi
Permanent Address	:	1266, Aadarsh Nagar, Sector No. 4, Hiran          Magri, Udaipur (Raj.), Mob. 09021300579
		 (
Declaration
)

I hereby certify that above details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
					(Ritesh Jain) 
