
















































FARHEEN SHAHJAHAN						

Email Id: shahjahanfarheen@gmail.com
Mobile:  +91-9831299011



About Myself:

I am a self motivated, responsible and hard working person. I am a mature team worker and adaptable to all challenging situations. I am able to work well under pressure and adhere to strict deadlines.

Objective:

To strive towards identification of a win-win situation where my interest, aptitude and proficiency match the requirements of a responsible position in your organization, allowing me an opportunity to contribute towards its growth and development.

Educational Qualification:

Professional and Academic Credentials

	Year
	Examination
	School / College/ Institution
	Percentage

	2012
	IPCC
	Institute of Chartered Accountant of India
	50

	2011
	B.Com (Hons)
	University of Calcutta
	51

	2008
	Class – XII
	West Bengal Board of Higher Secondary Education
	75

	2006
	Class – X
	West Bengal Council of Secondary Education
	61



Work Experience:

Name of the Firm	:       AHK And Company, Chartered Accountants
                                                9/12,Lal Bazaar Street, Mercantile Building,
                                                3rd Floor, Block- B, Room No. 7,
                                                Kolkata- 700 001

Designation		:      Article Assistant
       (From October 2012 – September 2015)
      Team Lead
      (From November 2015 – Till Date)

Work Exposure:

Major area focused in Taxation

· Computation of Total Income & E-Filing of Income Tax Returns.
· Computation and payment of GST, TDS, P Tax, Service Tax, WCT, PF & ESI Liabilities.
· Preparation of GST, TDS, P Tax, Service Tax, WCT, VAT & CST Return.
· Assist professionals and individuals by providing advice on strategies for reducing income tax.
· Reconciliation of Taxes including GST Reconciliation with GSTR 2A.
· Assisted Senior’s and Partner’s in Income Tax Cases at the time of hearing.

Major area focused in Accounts & Finance

· Finalization of Accounts, including AS compliance & CARO compliance.
· Preparation of Projected Financial Statements.
· Maintained cash book, bank book, debtor’s ledger, creditor’s ledger and all other subsidiary books of accounts.
· Maintained fixed assets register, updated details of new assets purchase, sale of old assets, provided depreciation etc.
· Monthly payroll processing.
· Procuring investment declaration from employees & assisting them for the same.
· Review of various reconciliation statements like Bank Reconciliation, Debtors and Creditors Reconciliation, Inventory Reconciliation etc.
· Prepare and review Cash Flow, budget, revenue, expense, payroll entries, Invoices, and other accounting documents. 

Major area focused in Statutory Compliance

· Preparation and filing of Forms AOC-4 and MGT-9.
· Incorporation of Company, One Person Company, Limited Liability Partnership, Partnership.
· Conversion of Company to Limited Liability Partnership.
· Appointment and Resignation of Auditor.
· Appointment and Resignation of Director.
· Compliance related to issue of shares.
· Preparation of Minute Book and Statutory Registers.
· All the compliances related to Company, LLP and Firm.

Major area focused in Statutory Audit

· Conducting Statutory Audit, Tax Audit, VAT Audit & Internal Audit.
· Preparation of Audit Plan and ensuring completion of the same within time.
· Supervision of Junior staff in the conduct of the Audits.



	S.No.
	Name of Client
	Assignment

	1
	Mounthill Group of Companies/ LLPs/ Firms
	Advance Tax Computation and payment

	
	
	Income Tax Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	TDS Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	PTax Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	WCT Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	Service Tax Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	PF & ESI Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	GST Computation, Payment and Return

	
	
	Form 3CA and 3CB

	
	
	Payroll processing

	
	
	Preparation of Financial Statement (Statnalone/ Consolidated/ Projected)

	
	
	Reconcilation of Bank. Debtors/ Creditors, Inventories, etc.

	
	
	Maintainance of registers as per Companies Act

	
	
	Filing with the Registrar of Companies

	
	
	Internal Audit

	2
	Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
	TDS Computation, Payment and Return

	3
	The New India Assuarance Corporation Limited
	Statutory Audit

	4
	Paschimbanga Agrimarketing Corporation Limited
	Statutory Audit

	5
	LGW Limited
	Statutory Audit

	
	
	Income Tax Audit

	
	
	VAT Audit

	
	
	Filing with the Registrar of Companies

	6
	Natural Group of Companies
	Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statement

	
	
	Filing with the Registrar of Companies

	7
	Maybright Ventures Pvt Ltd (Mpokket)
	Statutory Audit

	8
	DNV Food Products Pvt Ltd
	Statutory Audit



Computer Proficiency:	

· Possess working knowledge in MS Office, Windows, Oracle, Outlook and Tally ERP 9.
· Possess working knowledge of different software for preparing and filing of E-TDS, ITR, Statutory Registers.
· Successfully completed 100hrs of computer training conducted by ICAI 

Personal Skills:

· Ability to work in a team environment.
· Initiative and desire to excel.
· Proficiency to learn new software at ease.
· Strong accounting and system knowledge.
· Capability to supervise the work of others.
· Proven track record of client service.

Languages Known:

· English, Hindi, Urdu and Bengali

Personal Details:

· Address         - 102, H/1, Madan Mohan Burman Street,
                  Kolkata – 700007		
· Other Activities -  Teaching, Reading, Web Surfing
· Current CTC- 4.2 lacs.




Farheen Shahjahan


