










































                               MANASI M

MANASI M.KHOT

Cell No. :            7208576658
E-mail   :            manasi.khot@gmail.com
Date of Birth :    14,july-1985

Address :           Seawoods, Navi Mumbai.

	Objective


To secure a position in a reputed organization that provides me an opportunity to gain further exposure and experience. Wish to optimally utilize my potential and add value to my organization and myself.

	Educational Qualifications


 Pursuing Cost and Works Accountancy Course from ICWA institute 
 Bachelor of Commerce from University of Mumbai in April – 2005

 Industrial Accountant Course in ICA institute (financial software Tally 9, e tds)
	Work Experience


A)  May-2008 till date

Company
:

Talwalkars Better Value Fitness Pvt. Ltd.

Position
:

Manager Accounts

· Handling six branches independently up to finalization.
· Co-ordination with the Branch Accountant regularly

· Preparing Financial Statements like Balance Sheet in Schedule VI (Half Yearly and Annually), Profit and Loss Account, Daily Collection Report, Cash Flows and MIS Reports every month

· Co-ordination with Internal & Statutory Auditors for Smooth Functioning of Audit & Preparation of Compliance on Internal Audit report.

· Monitoring monthly Statutory Payments & filling returns(TDS,Service Tax)

· Monthly Ledger Scrutiny & Finalization of Branch Accounts.

· Monitoring Reconciliation of Inter branches, Banks, Creditors.

· Preparing Budgeted MIS and Profit and Loss account for every branches

B)  Aug-2006 till Apr-2008

Company
:

Society for Nutrition Education & Health Action [SNEHA]  
Position
:

Finance Officer 
· Making all types of data entry in Tally package like Tally 7.2

· Preparation and Filling of  (professional tax Challans ,TDS Challans)

· Preparation and Filing of Quarterly TDS Return 
· Salary for employees ,Bank reconciliation
· Co-ordinating with Statutory Auditors for smooth Functioning of Audit.
c) July 2005 till  July-06
Company
:

Schematix Interior Ltd  
Position
:

Accounts Assistant  
· Payment of Service Tax & Half yearly return

· Monthly TDS payment & Quarterly return

· Sales Tax

· Bill preparation

	Personal Profile


Date of Birth

:
14th july 1985
Residential Address:         Seawoods Darave, Navi Mumbai
Contact No

:         Mobile: 7208576658
Nationality

:        Indian

Languages 

:
English, Hindi and Marathi.

	Hobbies


Reading , Listening music

