














































Rahul Margale
	Room No. 930, Korba Mithagar,
Laxmanwadi, Wadala(E)
Mumbai 400037
	Mob: 9022176996
Email: rahulmargale@gmail.com


										

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Being an enthusiastic person by nature, I would like to work and grow in an environment, where performance is rewarded with new responsibilities, and serve in a reputed growth oriented Industry in the field of Design, Development and Maintenance to power my career ahead.

SUMMARY

Over 3 Years 6 months  of programming experience in Web applications environment implementing all the stages of SDLC using Java and SQL. 

· Work experience in Java, SQL and Spring 
· Employed JDBC to retrieve data and connect to Oracle.
· Proficient in developing Java Web Applications using JSP and Servlets
· Proficient in developing various Web based applications using struts, Spring frameworks.                    
· Working knowledge in collection framework and knowledge in multithreading concept.
· Experience in Object Oriented Programming, OOPS Concept.
· Have the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a productive team member.

SKILL SET

	Operating Systems
	
	Linux, Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP

	RDBMS
	
	Oracle 10g 

	Web Technologies
	
	 Spring, Struts , Java, JSP and Servlet, 

	Editor
	
	Ecilipse, EditPlus and Pl/Sql developer

	Scripting Languages
	
	HTML , JavaScript, AJAX and CSS 

	Web/Application Server
	
	Jboss5, Jboss6, Jboss10 , Tomcat 6

	Documenting Tools
	
	MS Office













EDUCATION

BSc (Information Technology)
	           Degree
	    Year Of Passing
	  University/Board
	        Class

	BSc- IT 
	            2013
	         Mumbai
	           Second Class

	H.S.C(XII)
	            2009
	  Maharashtra Board
	           Pass Class

	S.S.C(X)
	            2007
	  Maharashtra Board
	            Second Class


 
Other Qualification:
	Course
	Institution
	Year

	SCTS JAVA(Software Engineering)
	SEED InfoTech
	2013 - 14







WORK EXPERIENCE

Company 		: In-solution global pvt Ltd (02-Sept-2014 to till date)
ROLE 			: System Engineer

In-solution global pvtLtd (www.insolutionsglobal.com) is led and managed by principals with a combined corporate and consulting experience in various IT disciplines. With its core competencies aligned for a value domain leadership, In-solution global pvtLtd strives to deliver best of class service and product. In-solution global pvtLtd. assists the clients in formulating strategy, developing solutions and successfully managing results. We work with clients to define their business strategy and implement interactive solutions that redefine relationships with customers, suppliers and employees. We help clients improve business performance by delivering a complete, business-focused menu of end-to-end Web enabled business solutions including ecommerce, Internet/Extranet networks and integrating existing systems with Web technologies.




PROJECT UNDERTAKEN:1
Project name	:   Banking project (Reconsilation/ Fee Management)
Role	                      :  Coding, Development, Support and Maintenance
Client			:   Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, and FDI Bank
Technologies			: Core Java, JSP, Servet, Struts 2 and  Oracle10g
Team size			: 18
Team Name			: Interchange

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN:2
Project name	:   Banking project (Payment Gateway)
Role	                      :  Coding, Development
Client			:   Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, and FDI Bank
Technologies			: Core Java, Oracle10g, Spring and Hibernate.
Team size			: 10
Team Name			: Interchange


Responsibility:
1. Writing queries for different modules.
2. Support and module development. 
3. Implementation & testing of different modules database of the project like addition, deletion and updating.
4. Documentation (Action Plan, Application Overview)
5. Involved in solving user issues. 





STRENGTH

· Good command over Spring, Hibernate, Java,  J2EE and SQL.
· Good communication and interpersonal skills.
· Maintain the work performance constant.

PERSONAL PROFILE


Name    			: Rahul Margale.
Sex/Status		: Male/Single
Nationality		: Indian
Language Known	: Marathi, Hindi, English.


Date:
Place: Mumbai									(Rahul Margale)

