
















































KHASNIS TANAYA GURUNATH
Residential Address: 4883, 19th road, new MIG, Ramchandrapuram , Hyderabad.
Contact no.: 7796259551
Email-ID: khasnistanaya@gmail.com

Carrier Objective: To become successful professional in the field of software engineering so that I and my organization will use my knowledge in the constructive work.


· Academic Qualification:
	Level
	Stream
	Passing year
	Institute 
	Degree
%

	PGDCA

	CDAC’s  Advanced Computing 
	2016
	Sunbeam institute of CDAC, Pune
	PASS

	BE

	Electronics
	2015
	M.S. Bidwe engineering college, Latur.
	73
Distinction 

	H.S.C.
	Science 
	2011
	Dayanand science college, Latur
	68.5
1stClass

	S.S.C
	General 
	2009
	Shri. Deshikendra High School, Latur
	93.23
Distinction 



 Knowledge in Computer Application   : C, Object oriented programming with C++, Data structure,
MATLAB.

Knowledge in Computer Application:  C, C++, JAVA, Data Structures, C#,.NET, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL ,PL-SQL.

Additional Qualification / Certification:   Embedded system with C, PLC, Ethycal  Hacking.
	
Work Experience: 
Organization: Siemens Healthcare Pvt  Ltd.
Experience in Months: 19
Designation: System Engineer 
Work  :  Developed a testing framework for MVVM pattern in C#. This framework is used for automation testing. As the application is started framework should start and run the test cases and develop a test result.
Developed a logging interface in C++.When the application is running it use to write a log file for all the running processes.

Academic Project: Online Bus Booking Application
Project Details: It is a project implemented in MVC .NET with Razor syntax. The application is used to book bus tickets online. Jquery is used for validation.CSS and Bootstrap is used to make UI user friendly.

Languages known: Marathi, Hindi,

Extra Curricular Activities:
· Class representative at School
· Winner in college gathering group act competition
· Participation in college level poster presentation
· Participation in national level virtual campus
· Participated in volleyball match in interschool competition.


Personal   Information:
I. Date of birth: 19/05/1993
II. Marital status: Married 
III. Gender: Female                                                       
IV. Blood group: O+



