












































Tony Mathew


Arun Kumar Nayak
Mobile: +91 8637224764.
         nayak.arun1290@gmail.com
Major Skills:

•MVC-4 •ASP.NET 3.5/4.0 •C#.NET •SQL Server 2005/2008 •ADO.NET  •JavaScript •JQuery •HTML •CSS •Stored Procedure •Web Services •Angular js•Entity Framework•Linq
Educational  Qualification:
B.Tech from Biju Patnaik University of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar, Orissa
Professional Experience Summary:         
 3+ years of extensive experience in Development, Maintenance, Enhancement and Redesign Web based Applications.

· Currently working in ICICI Bank Ltd, Hyd and   associated with Ameya Invfovision  Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai  as Programmer  from May 2015  to till date.







· Having hands on experience on MVC-4, C#, ASP.NET 4.0, SQL SERVER, HP ALM tool, Burp suite and SQL Server 2008.
· Proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly & utilizing the same in a productive manner. 

· Acquired knowledge and understanding of several subjects such as .NET Framework, SQL Server 2008, C#, database programming, Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Concepts, etc. through various academic projects.

· Abilities in handling multiple priorities, with a bias for action and a genuine interest in personal and professional development.

· An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills. Strong analytical, problem solving abilities. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.

Technical Skills Summary: 
Languages:             C#
Technology:           MVC-4, ASP.NET 4.0, ADO.NET, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS.
Databases:            SQL Server 2008.
Platforms:             Window7.
Professional Experience:

Project#1   
             : Integrated Calculator
Client                              : ICICI Bank 
Language

 :  C#.

Technology

 : MVC 4, Ajax.
Scripting Languages
 : Jquery, JavaScript, HTML, css.

Database

 : SQL Server 2008

Platform

 :  Window7

Team Size

 : 4
Duration

 :Sep 2016 to till date.
Project Description:

Integrated Calculator is a intranet base application which is used for calculating cost of funds for different products for e.g. Loan, IBG, Export Credit, LC, Bank Guarantee, Dealer/Vendor/Customer Financing, Cash Credit etc
Scope of the Project
Functional users of this application are GALM(Global Asset Liabilities Management) team.

Description of business environment 

To quote product-wise Cost of funds for specific calculator.

GALM users calculate cost of funds for specific funds for specific product such as Loan, EPC, LC and provide the same information to client.
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Understanding of Software Requirement Specification coming from Project 
         Management team.

· Involved in Coding using MVC 4, C#, sql server 2008.
· Involved in closing various ASLC points such as Session hijacking, Session Fixation, CSRF etc 
· Involved in various testing tools like Burp suite, Paros.
Project#2   
            : Performance Management System
     Role

           : Developer

     Duration
           : May 2015 To Aug  2016
    Environnent
           : ASP.net, C#.net, SQL Server 2008, Ajax, java script.

Project Description:

Performance Management System should be used on continuous basis to be really effective. For this to happen, system should be very easy to use, should provide real benefits on why someone should use the system, etc. It is designed with these in mind. It is a no-fill, functional system and provides right information at right time. For doing certain activities, you don’t even have to login to your system. You can even provide your continuous feedback from Outlook.

Every business is unique, culture is unique and processes are unique. Your business is going to change continuously and your HR Performance Management System should keep pace with business needs. We understand this and made it really flexible and easy to configure. We believe that good HR software must be flexible enough to adapt to company’s process and design. And, your HR can do these changes yourself and don’t have to depend on IT or its implementation team.

Having performance appraisals on-time is the basic expectation of any employee at any level. It provide tools like continuous feedback, interim feedbacks, annual appraisal feedback, etc. which enables the employees and managers to keep track of their own and their immediate circle of employees’ performances and achievement. HR and managers have several tools within to kick-start an appraisal, send reminders and notifications, follow workflows, etc. This enables HR to conduct the appraisals in a shorter duration and without much stress.

Top 3 benefits of using Performance Management system :

· Reduced Attrition, Higher customer satisfaction & Increased business performance.

· Foster collaboration and better engagement of employees.

· Strategic Decisions out of performance management & better control on talent planning through insights provided by PMS.

Roles and Responsibilities:

· As a team member responsible for designing screens and coding.
· Wrote stored procedures and SQL statements to access filings data from SQL Server database.

· Used JavaScript, CSS for Presentation layer, where the web pages are made more attractive and user friendly.


