










































SANJEEV LAKHANPAL

Vinoth Kumar G                                                             

Mobile: +91-
9611111431/ 9738814941




   





E-Mail: vinukumar.king@gmail.com
To pursue a challenging career with a growth oriented Human Resources and Payroll by utilizing my knowledge and skills thus contributing to a progressive organisation.

Career Highlights




Personal Strength: Communication & Interpersonal Skills, Confident & Positive Attitude.

HR Operations Activities:

·   Taking care of entire hr operations activities.
·   Handling a team of 3 HR Executives and monitoring their day-to-day work.
·   Maintaining attendance and Leave Management.
·   Employee life cycle management (Joining till exit).
·   Responsible for Confirmation process of all the employees across Bangalore Region.

·   To Communicate, Implement and monitor all HR policies and Guidelines.

·   Handling statutory compliance. 

·   To ensure smooth process of ITF & IJP.
·   Taking care of Exit Formalities and Full & final Settlements.

·    Probation Confirmation Letters.
·    Maintenance & Documentation of all kind of records of all employees.
· Responsible to handle the HR internal and external audits.
· Payroll/Compensation Benefits. 

· Employee Engagement 
· Generating Esic Number for the new joiners.

·    Maintain complete employee records.
·    To keep check on the implementation initiatives towards Attrition.
· Generating Employee codes for the new joiners.

·    Handling the employee’s salary issues.

· Grievance handling and issue resolution in effective way.
· Finalization of must and desired list of personnel file documents.

· Organize for the new salary account opening for the new joiner with the organization-associated bank.

· Initiate & process of Referral Bonus of the referred candidates.

·    Responsible for clearance of “NO DUES FORM “for exit employees.

·   Maintaining good internal communication within the company.
Payroll Processing / Compensation and Benefits:
· Coordinating with the Central payroll team for the preparation of Monthly payroll.
· Handling Payroll Compliances like PF, PT, ESI, and Gratuity.
·   Organizing of Pay Roll Help desk for providing clarification for employees.
·   To ensure error free salary inputs/Payments as per the TAT’s.  
·   Process payroll on time and ensure accurate cost allocations.
· Preparing consolidated wages, registering salary details for bank deposits and ensuring timely payment of incentives & referral to the employees.

·   Managing the payment of Full and final settlement for resigned employees.

·   Maintaining attendance details for the complete location & completing necessary Insurance and Medical cover formalities.
·  Leave Encashment calculation for resigned employees.

Employee Relations:
·  Plan and implement Retention Strategies for controlling Attrition and Employee Wellness Projects.
·  Build a better connect with business by conducting regular one-on-one with employees, share the feedback with Process Head and collaborate with Ops team to implement strategies identified to address concerns

·  Manage employee relations activities and advise managers on employee issues
·  Plan and Develop necessary intervention to ensure right kind of attrition.
·  Counselling Employees on Personal and Professional Conflicts.
·  Coordinating with L&D (Learning and Development) team to enhance employee-training programs on time. 
·  IJP - Internal Job Postings for all the Internal Growth of in-house employees.
·  Policy Refreshers for Employees/Middle Management.
·  Career Profiling for Employees based on Tenure.
·  ESAT: Employee Satisfaction Survey - Conducting periodic ESAT Surveys and implementing the findings.
·  Work with Global Business Functions Manager and employees to address all types of employee relations issues ensuring a balance in representing all parties’ interests.
·  Provide ongoing support to the leadership team on human resources related matters, policies and procedures.
·  Coordinating with corporate communication team to initiate employee engagement programs and employee benefits plans.
·  Documenting CAP/DAP (Corrective action plan & Disciplinary action plan) as per the company policy.

·  Supporting them career and professional development of all personnel by educating them on the career model providing.
·   Preparing attrition reports on Monthly basis.
Data Base Management:
· Maintaining employee master (entire life cycle of employees) for Bangalore Region.

· Updation of employee record in related applications.

· Maintain the attendance for the complete site.

· Maintain standard formats & process for various HR Reports like Attrition report, EWS etc.
· Maintaining Employees Personal File.
· Preparing HRIS reports on weekly and monthly basis.

Performance Management:
· KRA setting exercise for new joiners & existing employees in the beginning of the year.

· Working on People Vision, Hrms & Online attendance.

· Ensuring 100% compliance during the audits.

Professional Achievements:
· Received the best support recognition reward for the year 2012. 
· Received the Best star performer for the year 2014.
· Received the best HR south recognition reward for the year 2015.
·  Received the annual award as Best Enabler reward for the year 2016.

· Had achieved 100% compliance in ISMS audit.
· 100% accuracy on biometric attendance system implementations.

· Had played major role in achieving the first position in pan India to have the error free uploads in the SW. 


 
Educational Background:

	Course
	Institution
	Year of passing

	MBA
	IIBM Institute of Business Management
	Pursuing

	B.com
	 DR. C.V. Raman University 
	2015

	12th
	LVS Secondary & Senior Secondary School
	2008

	SSLC
	S.V.S.Convent 
	2006




IT Skills:
· Exposed to Multi Level applications and software’s in people management.
· Proficiency in Advance knowledge in MS – Office, excel & Outlook.


Personal Details:
Father Name        :        Govindan M
Date of Birth
   :     
June 08, 1989
Nationality           :       Indian
Material Status    :       Single
Address


    :      No 25, 22nd Cross, K.P.Agrahara, Bhuvaneshwari Nagar, Bangalore-560023.
Languages Know:      English, Kannada,Tamil,Telegu,Hindi.
DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:                                                                                                                                                             
Place: Bangalore

                                                                                                                           (Vinoth Kumar G) 
HR professional with around 7 years of experience HR Operations, Employee Relation & Payroll.

Currently associated with Intelenet Global Services (Serco Global Services) as Senior Executive - Human Resource.

Expertise in Attendance, Payroll, Statutory compliance, Employee relation, Excel etc...







_1534343837.xls












FromTo
1Serco/Intelenet Global ServicesBangaloreSenior Executive - HR14/01/2011Till date
Experience 
Sl. NoName of the OrganizationLocationDesignation































Sheet1
	Sl. No	Name of the Organization	Location	Designation	Experience
					From	To
	1	Serco/Intelenet Global Services	Bangalore	Senior Executive - HR	14/01/2011	Till date


