


















































Niklesh R Singh

Address for Correspondence:				Phone	+919892683335
A-1, RH-2, Sector-6,						Email	: niklesh026@gmail.com
Vashi,Navi Mumbai,
Maharashtra, India
	

	CAREER OBJECTIVE



	ACADEMIC BACKGROUND


Seeking a challenging position that will enable me to best utilize my academic achievements for the development of the organization and my personal growth; and benefit through professional grooming from a specialized professed environment.


	Year(s)
	Qualification – Degree / Diploma / Certificate
	Board/University
	College
/ Institute/ University
	Percentage / CGPA


	2011-2014
	B.E (Information Technology) 
	Amravati University, Amravati
	Raisoni College of Engineering, Amravati
	         65.00%

	2008-2011
	Diploma (Information Technology)
	Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education
	Terna college, Koparkhairane,
Navi Mumbai
	68.08%

	 2004-2005
	Class X
	Maharashtra State Board
	St. Joseph’s High School, Kurla, Mumbai
	56.00%




	WORK EXPERIENCE



1. Working as Service Desk  Engineer for Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited, India. Located in Reliance Corporate Park, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai:
(Through ASM Pvt. Ltd.)
Duration: 1St August 2017  to till date
Job Profile:  
Activities performed:
· Troubleshooting and providing support on several citrix servers for Reliance Jio employees on pan India level with the help of HP SERVICE MANAGER ticketing tool.

· Provide support on Citrix related issues from phones, through remote access to citrix users through Desktops, Thin Client and Laptops, email access and archiving for local and remote offices
· WIFI configuration and basic troubleshooting
· Checking details of users in Active Directory and provide troubleshooting accordingly.
· Solving outlook related issues in Citrix desktops.


2. Working as GIS Engineer for Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited, India. Located in Reliance Corporate Park, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai:
(Through Aadi IT solutions Pvt. Ltd.)

Duration: 22ndFebruary 2016 to till date
Job Profile:  
Activities performed:
· Expertise in Telecom GIS using Telecordia Network Engineer for.
· Out Side Plant
· Inside Plant
· XML Import/Export
· Network Planning
· Experience in Outside Plant
· Connectivity of Network Elements
· Graphic Validation of Telecom Feature against Telecom Rules
· Attribute Validation

· Experience in inside plant creation
· Manhole layout
· Span Cross section view
· Floor plant (Configuration of Equipment)

· Network Planning
· Involved in Network Engineer, Fiber planning, Site creation and Equipment Instance.
· ISP and OSP connection dump and map preparation for QA team.
· The nature of the work is to validate the Trans media, fiber connection by using NE.
· Network Planning supports different Planning and Business Team.
· Migration of Links across R4G states.
· QC and QA of migrated data on NE Tool. Check association between fiber cables and Equipment’s, Conduits, structures.

· FTTx OLT Planning: Fiber to the ‘x’ customer (FTTx) is a generic term for any broadband network architecture using optical fiber to provide all or part of the local loop used for last mile telecommunications. Planning for connecting FSA, Access Network, Outside Plant (OSP), Inside Plant (ISP) and Home Network covering all aspects required for a smooth roll-out of the Optical Network and ensuring all the business services are offered.


2. Company: Chemtron Science Laboratories Private Limited, NaviMumbai
Duration: July 2015 to January 2016
Designation: SAP Trainee
Job Profile:  

· Monitoring of SAP Server of the Company and updating the database of the Company including Client’s details, Quotations, Orders, Invoices etc.
· Handing the issues and the queries of the Employees (SAP users) and at the same resolving the issues related to the networking.


3. Company: Orient Technologies, NaviMumbai
Duration:  December 2014 to February 2015
Designation: Network Support Engineer
Job Profile:  

· Remote Monitoring of Network & Client End Connectivity via various NMS Tools such as Flex master, Zone director, Telnet, etc.
· Access of Core Routers via telnet installed in operational cities to check the ping response of serving Access Point and client end device in order to determine drop in connectivity as well as speed related issues.
· Taking necessary action on complaints received from clients based on technical data available from various NMS tools and resolving the same with support of NNOC Team in case of network issue or field team in case of issue observed with client end connectivity by raising a ticket in Siebel application.
· Remote configuration of routers (Cisco, DLink, Netgear, Belkin, Tp-Link & various other wireless communication devices available with clients.
	PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN



College Timetable Management
Duration: 6 Months
Project Description:It helps the teaching staff to manage the database of the subjects in the college.
Back End:  SQL
Front End: Java

Anti-Phishing Browser
Duration: 6Months
Project Description:This browser helps you to check the authenticity of the website through WHOIS Server.
Back End:Microsoft SQL 2010
FrontEnd:C#


	ACHIEVEMENTS



· Second winner in Poster Presentationcompetition in “Paroksha-2013” a National level event held at Raisoni College of Engineering, Amravati.
· Participated in Quiz Competition at “Seed IT Idol- 2013”, Raisoni College of Engineering, Amravati.
· Participated in “Tech Krunch-2014”, Raisoni College of Engineering, Amravati.
· Participated in “Microsoft App Fest-2013”, Raisoni College of Engineering, Amravati.

	TECHNICAL SKILLS


	Database
	S    SQL Server

	Web Technology
	HTML 

	Operating System
	       Windows-XP/2000/2003,Win 7 Home/Ultimate, Win Vista, Windows 8

	Packages and Simulators
	MS Office, Blender, Flash, Coral Suite.










	PERSONAL DETAILS



Date of Birth (DD-MM-YYYY)	:          26-08-1989
Father’s Name			:          Mr.Ravindranath G Singh			
Mother’s Name			:          Mrs.Rani Singh
Category			:          General
Gender				:          Male	
Nationality			:          Indian
Home Town			:Navimumbai
Permanent Address		:A-1, RH-2, Sector-6, Vashi, Navi Mumbai-400703
Permanent Phone No		:91-9892683335
Languages Known		:     Hindi, Marathi and English
Mobility			:    Willing to relocate anywhere in India and Overseas
Passport No    			:          N1349251



I declare that the details above are correct and true to the best of my knowledge.
		
Niklesh R Singh
