

























RESUME 
 
 
Manikandan Engunan 
e-mail: manikandan.engunan@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91 9884285268 

 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
In quest of challenging assignments in the field of Computer Science and Information 
Technology with organization of high repute which enables me to explore my fullest 
potential and contribute. 
 
Organization profile  
 
 
Omega owes its origins to the personal experience of its founders. After various tenures 
in the US healthcare industry, both partners recognized a major lack of support for 
medical billing companies and healthcare payment systems. Combining their domain 
expertise and business knowledge in the Revenue Cycle . Omega is the premier offshore 
provider of healthcare outsourcing services We specialize in medical billing, coding, 
accounts receivable management, and other healthcare related services.  

 
Project Roles  
 

● Established guidelines for proper coding/billing for providers.Worked hand in hand with           
front office staff to ensure that the proper information was received for claims processing. 

 

● Oversaw and run necessary reports to ensure that all statuses were worked in a timely               
manner and helped in any capacity necessary.Maintained and updated all files including            
insurance companies, diagnosis, procedure, fees/profiles. 

 
● Follow up with insurance companies to understand the status of claims. Follow up is done               

through insurance company/ TPA website or through outbound call 
 

● Accurately completed applications of cash receipts against outstanding account         
receivables.Performed account reconciliations and documentation.  
 

● Maintained accurate account receivable logs and database entries. Completed all          
additional duties as assigned by management. 
 
 



Organization Profile  
 
Apptivo  initially launched in 2009,  mission was to be an affordable and easy to use 
solution for small businesses to collaborate with customers and partners. Our industry 
leading solution has grown substantially in this time and so have our clients. Over 
150,000 businesses in 194 countries now rely on Apptivo for their ​CRM Software​, Project 
Management, Invoicing and communication needs. 
 
Today, the Apptivo integrated suite of apps is used by businesses of all sizes, ranging 
from just one user to thousands. As you can see, we’ve expanded over the years, proving 
our goal that small businesses are the engine for economic growth. 

 
Project Roles  
 

● Product Sales and Technical support  Web Research & Database building 
 

● Research and Analysis of the targeted companies, products and customers. 
 

● Collect the source from the business directories like CrunchBase, Lead411,          
Bloomberg, Brownbook,Angel.co.in, Google and Linkedin. Involved in Daily        
Scrum meeting  
 

● Track the customer case reports and send the update via email and schedule the              
call to provide an update and alternative work around for the logged issue. 
 

● Involved in Bug Reporting in our system cases app and escalation to the Dev              
team.Acquiring leads and prospects through Email Marketing and Social Media 
 

● Convert the leads into potential customers by performing online sales activity and            
sending email campaigns. Contact customers in response to inquiries or to notify            
them about the investigation results or any planned adjustments. 
 

● Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customer           
problemsAnalysing and Understanding the Business Requirement according to the         
client's needs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

https://www.apptivo.com/solutions/crm/


ACADEMIC DETAILS 
 
 
Course   
 

Board of   
Examination 

Name of the Institution   Year of   
Passing 

Marks 
obtained 
(%) 

B.Tech  Anna University  Anand Institute of Higher       

Technology 

2015  6.5 

XII  State Board  Zion Matriculation Higher     

Secondary School, Chennai 

2011  73 

X  State Board  Jaigopal Garodia National Higher 

Secondary School, Chennai  

 

2009  79 

 

 
Skill Set:  
 
 Web design Languages   :  HTML,  CSS, JAVASCRIPT 
 
PERSONAL SKILLS: 
 

▪ Quick learner & self-directed 

▪ Team player and adaptable  

▪ Smart working and dedicated 

 

 

DECLARATION 
 

I hereby assure you that the information furnished above is true to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

Place: Chennai 

Date:  (Manikandan E) 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 

    
    
   
  
  
  
   



 

 


