

























 

Niveditha Madasu 
 
Mobile No: ​+918099718061                                                                 ​Email ID​: ​nivedithamadas1994@gmail.com

 
 
Objective 

Seeking a challenging position which provides me managerial assignments in the areas of Technical 
support/ Content review  with an organization of high reputation. 

Educations 
Degree/Examination: computer science (B.tech) 
School: Aurora Technological Research Institute, Hyderabad  
Score: 70% 
Year of Passing: 2015 
 
Degree/Examination: Intermediate ( M.P.C ) 
School: Aurobindo Junior College, Dilsukh nagar, Hyderabad. 
Score: 92% 
Year of Passing: 2011 
 
Degree/Examination: S.S.C 
School: Pragathi vidyalayam High school, Nalgonda 
Score: 89% 
Year of passing: 2009 
 

Technical Skills 
● Packages: MS-office, Adobe photoshop 
● Programming languages: C, Java, Linux 
● Web based Technologies: HTML, JavaScript 
● Operating systems: Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 0, Linux 

 
Achievement​ ​in​ ​the​ ​Organization​: 

● Achieved star of the business awards from Sept 17 2017 - Feb 18 2018. 
● Received 3 monthly awards for maintaining 90% Csat. 
● Received best performed award for 6 months. 

 
Working Experience 

●   Technical support associate  in Accenture from March 12 ( 2017) to July 10 (2018) 
●   Digital interactive Associate ​ ​in 247 customer Private limited from June 12​th​ 2015 to   March 

10th (2017). 

mailto:nivedithamadas1994@gmail.com


 

Job Profile 
● Maintains communication equipment by reporting problems. 
● Maintains and improves quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines; recommending 

improved procedures. 
● Updates job knowledge by studying new product descriptions; participating in educational 

opportunities. 
●  Working with customers to identify problems and advising on the solution which they encounter 

with Google products(Pixel/Nexus device). 
●  Logging and keeping records of customer queries. 
● Analysing issue logs so we can spot common trends and underlying problems. 
● Updating self-help documents so customers can try to fix problems themselves. 
● Install and configure computer hardware operating systems and applications 
● Monitor and maintain computer systems and networks. 
● Talk to staff or clients through a series of actions, over the phone, to help set up systems or 

resolve issues. 
● Troubleshoot system and network problems and solving hardware or software faults replace parts 

as required. 
● Provide support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports. 
● Following diagrams and written instructions to repair a fault or set up a system. 
● Support the roll-out of new applications. 
● Set up new users' accounts and profiles and deal with password issues. 
● Respond within agreed time limits to call-outs. 
● Work continuously on a task until completion (or referral to third parties, if appropriate). 
● Rapidly establish a good working relationship with customers. 
● Test and evaluate new technology. 
● Supporting the agent to fetch CSAT and give the best experience to the customer. 
● Providing feedback to the agents on different parameters.  

 

Competencies 
Have ability to deal with people diplomatically, hard working, dedicated & competent with a positive 
attitude. 

 
Personal Profile:  
Name : Niveditha Madasu 
Date of birth : 01/11/1994 
Father’s Name : Srinivas Madasu 
Location : Hyderabad. 
 
 

 
Date-                                                                                                                  Niveditha Madasu 


