














































JAYESH VILAS CHAUDHARI 
 

Flat No. B 001, New Gokul Plaza Apartments,  M: +91 98233 72400 

Opposite Videocon Tower, Thakur Complex,        +91 83692 42192 
Kandivali (East), Mumbai 400 101.    E:jayesh2400@gmail.com 
 

 
 

More than7 years’ experience in Recruitment, Talent Acquisition, HR, Training activities 
 

    

Key Strengths  
 

Key Skills 
 

Exposure 

 

 Creative   

 Proactive 

 Industrious 

 Well organized 

 Attentive 

 

 

 

 

 Talent Acquisition 

 Stakeholders 
Management 

 Job Portal Search and 
Social Networking Search 

 On Boarding, Exit 
Formalities and Training 

 Industry Mapping and 
Head Hunting 

 

 Corporate Role 

 Paint, Engineering, 
Manufacturing, FMCG, 

Pharmaceutical , Healthcare, Life 
sciences, Banking etc. industries 

and verticals 

 Bulk Level Hiring 

 Mid and Senior Level Positions 

 Campus Recruitment 

EMPLOYMENT 
 

Designation  Company       Duration 
 

 

Asst. Manager – HR BSH Household Appliances Pvt Ltd         March 2018 to June 2018 
   (Brands – BOSCH, Siemens) 

 

Pan India Talent Acquisition for Sales, Service, Admin, HR, Finance, Supply Chain, Marketing funcitons 

 

Sr. Officer - HR Kansai Nerolac Paints Limited, Corporate Office  June 2016 - Sept 2017 

(Corporate Talent  
Acquisition Role) (Parent Company - Kansai Paints Japan)   
 

Role Overview: 
 

Recruitment: 
 

 Handling end to end recruitment (Pan India) for functions like Accounts, Industrial Sales, R 
& D, Plants, Projects etc.  

 Performing initial rounds of interview. 

 Candidate evaluation from HR point of view on the basis of candidate's functional 

experience, Aptitude Tests, Psychometric Tests, Personality etc. 

 Managing Internal Recruiters for positions assigned to them. 
 

Interview Coordination 
 
 

 Interacted with various levels of candidates, hiring managers to schedule interviews such 
as: 

o Telephone screening for recruiters, supervisors and hiring managers 

o Personal interviews (panel and sequential; reserving interview rooms) 

o Skype / Video Interview 

o Coordinating travel arrangements and expense reimbursement as needed 
o Sending interview confirmations to interview panel (typically via Outlook Calendar 

Invite) and Vendors / Candidates via email 

Stakeholders Management: 
 

 Getting Job Descriptions weighted from each stakeholder / line manager for effective 
sourcing process. 

 Discussion on periodical basis with HOD's on recruitment status, challenges, strategy to 
close positions within specified TAT. 

 Developed effective relationship with HOD's, GM's and hiring managers. 
 

MIS & Reports 
 

 Preparing and sharing weekly Recruitment Status Report for all functions. 

 Preparing monthly Recruitment Analysis Report across organization 

 Preparing monthly Attrition Analysis Report across organization 
 

mailto:jayesh2400@gmail.com


Vendor Management 
 

 Interacted with Recruitment Partners on day to day basis for recruitment process, profiles, 
feedbacks interview coordination, invoice etc. activities. 

 Periodical meetings with Recruitment Partners for effective sourcing, improving quality, 
identifying solutions to challenges while sourcing. 

 Mapping industries / particular talent as per need through effective coordination with 
Recruitment Partners. 

 Ensure Payments to Recruitment Partners. 
 

Offer Management 
 

 Coordinated with Candidate and to ensure proper documentation for preparation of offer. 

 Interaction with HR Operations team for rolling out offer to candidate through mail and 
dispatching the same through courier. 

 Offer discussion, negotiation with candidates. 
 

On Boarding and Induction 
 

 Ensured proper coordination with HR Operations team and candidate for pre joining 
formalities 

 Welcomed candidates on very first day and coordinated first day activities. 

 Prepared and coordinated with Induction Plan for Managerial candidates. 

 Planning initial introduction meetings with All HOD's for senior candidates. 
 

Employee Referral Scheme 
 

 Effective implementation of Employee Referral Scheme 

 Performing Job posting on internal portal for getting referrals. 

 Execution of Employee Referral Reward with necessary approvals and ensuring reward 
amount is credited to referring employee with salary. 
 

HRIS (In house HR Portal): 
 

 Internal Job Postings 

 Ensure employee requisition approval at all stages for additional  / Budgeted positions. 

 Optimize HRIS for carrying out Recruitment Process. 
 

Noteworthy Achievements: 
 

 Closed tough positions within specified TAT. 

 Process improvement for Cost Effective Recruitment 

 Promoting and enhancing Employee Referral Scheme. 

 Proposing internal Recruitment through in house recruiters for effective sourcing and cost 
saving purpose. Idea proposed, evaluated and implemented with Best Results. 

 Process improvement for Reimbursement Payment process. 
 

Sourcing Specialist Korn Ferry (Futurestep Recruitment Services Pvt Ltd) Nov 2013- June 2016 
    

   (Client - Mondelez India Foods Private Limited)    
   (Formerly known as Cadbury India Limited)  
Recruitment Admin          
 

Sourcing and Talent Acquisition for various Mid and Senior Level assignments 
 

In Sourcing Specialist role: 
 

Role Overview:  
 

To ensure the delivery of strong potential candidate pipelines for all open positions through direct 

and indirect candidate sourcing, sourcing channel optimization and proactive development of 

talent pools.  
 

To achieve personal targets and contribute to the overall success through candidate and client 

interaction.  
 

Job Responsibilities: 
 

Process Management & Sourcing   
 

 Following agreed standard global recruitment process and client specific process 

 Performing initial and advanced assessment of candidates against defined criteria 

 Proactively reviewing the best sources of potential candidates by function and sector for 
targeted markets and build into on-going sourcing process and plan.   

 Creating& executing multi-channel sourcing strategy to source candidates meeting client 
requirement and building talent pool for current and future requirements. 



 

Candidate Relationship Management   
 

 Effectively communicating position opportunity and client value proposition to generate 
interest in therole   

 Managing all candidates effectively throughout recruitment process  

 Developing and maintaining relationships and seek referrals of other candidates 

 Managing candidate expectations and ensure timely and constructive feedback 
 

Client Relationship Management   
 

 Conducting interactions with internal clients in a timely, professional and responsive 
manner   

 Identifying & communicating continuous improvement opportunities and strategies   

 Participating in role briefing with client and contribute to sourcing strategy & process  
 

In Recruitment Administrator role (Corporate Talent Acquisition): 
 

Role Overview:  
 

Handling End to End Recruitment Coordination for 3 functions, being part of Talent Acquisition 
Team at Corporate Office ensured deliveries of all task assigned by client and required for 

fulfillment of recruitment activities of 3 functions and executed the same in efficient and effective 

manner. Key contact for providing data, status updates and general information about the 

recruitment process to Talent Acquisition Mangers, HRBP’s, Hiring Managers and Vendors. 
 

Job Responsibilities: 
 

Interview Coordination 
 

 Interacted with various levels of candidates, Talent Acquisition team and hiring managers to 
schedule interviews such as: 

o Telephone screening for recruiters, supervisors and hiring managers 

o On-site interviews (panel and sequential; reserving interview rooms) 

o Video conferences 

o Coordinating travel arrangements and expense reimbursement as needed 

o Sending interview confirmations to interview panel (typically via Outlook Calendar 

Invite) and Vendors / Candidates via email 

Coordination with internal stakeholders 
 

 Developed and maintained efficient relationships with all hiring managers and administered 
all recruitment activities for various projects.  

 Interacted with Talent Acquisition Manager, HRBP’s and hiring managers to ensure a 
successful and positive recruitment process 

 Assisted Hiring Managers and HRBP’s with posting, maintaining and refreshing job 
requisitions on Taleo. 

 Handled PR and PO process for invoices received from Vendors. 
 

MIS & Reports 
 

 Prepared and run various reports, MIS weekly, monthly. 

 Prepared necessary Candidate / Hiring Data in Excel as well as Taleo. 

 Prepared necessary dashboards as and when required. 
 

Vendor Management 
 

 Interacted with vendors on recruitment process, profiles, feedbacks interview coordination, 
invoicesetc. activities. 

 Created new requisitions in Taleo and assigned the same to relevant vendors and recruiters 
 

Offer Management 
 

 Coordinated with Candidate and Compensation and Benefits team to ensure proper 
documentation for preparation of offer. 

 Rolled out offer to candidate through mail and dispatched the same through courier. 

 Maintained offer acceptance as well as necessary documents in personal file of candidate 
 

On Boarding and Induction 
 

 Ensured proper coordination with on boarding team and candidate for pre joining and 
Induction formalities 

 Welcomed candidates on very first day and coordinated first day activities. 



 Prepared and coordinated with Induction Plan 

 Endured necessary arrangements for Induction training of new joiners. 

 Continuously lookedfor ways to improve the process ensuring clients, candidates and new 
hires have a positive experience 

 Balanced critical priorities with personal self-development initiatives 

 Collaborated with other Talent Acquisition Coordinators which serves as a backup to 
recruiters as needed. 

 Special projects as assigned. 
 

 
 

 

 
 
 

Designation  Company       Duration 
 

Consultant  IKYA Human Capital Solutions Pvt. Ltd.   Aug 2012 - Nov 2013 
 
 

Verticals: Pharmaceuticals, Healthcare, Life Sciences 

 

 

Job Responsibilities: 
 

End to End Recruitment: 
 

This involved each and every step mentioned 

below and which is important for entire 
Recruitment Cycle of any mandate / 

assignment 
 

Understand the client needs: 
 

Understood the client requirement in detail 

before starting the sourcing process. 
 

Find matching talent: 
 

Proceeding with proper search with use of 

exact Key Words and criteria matching the  

Client Need 
 

Evaluation: 
 

Evaluated the search with the parameters of 

JD. Checked the eligibility of candidate profile 
with JD parameters like Technical 

background, Qualification and Experience, 

Key Skills, Specific Knowledge and Skills if 

required.  
 

Communication: 
 

Ensured proper communication and 

coordination with client by contacting HR 

Representative, Team Leader and Candidates 

etc. 
 

Focus on quality: 
 

Ensured the quality of profiles to send to 

client for the required position considering 

the parameters with almost all profiles must 

match the client requirement and get 
shortlisted, considering the future goal of 

getting more assignments from clients with 

the quality of work which help to build faith 

of client in us. 
 

Speed of delivery: 

Ensuredthe speed of delivery which would 

match the timelines required by client and 

the terms agreed with client. 

Short List: 
 

Considering Quality of work, most of the 

profiles get shortlisted and need to process 

further rounds of interviews in coordination 
with Client Representative properly.  

 

Grooming candidates about the client 

requirement and helping them with client 

history and company profile. 
 

Client Interviews: 

 

Ensuredthe completeness of process by 

pushing candidates and clients with the 

schedules. Maintained Communication 
between the client and candidate to arrange 

andplan the smooth interview process. 

 

Strong, long-term relationships:  

 

Once the clients interviews are done it is very 
essential to maintain relationships with client 

as well as candidate with proper 

communication and feedback and continuous 

engagement of both sides for successful 

closure of the assignment. 
 

It is very necessary to maintain the strong 

and long term relationships with candidates 

as well as client which will definitely help in 

future assignments 

 
Engagement: 

 

The most important part is offer stage, 

successfully handled both client as well as 

candidate for mutual understanding and 
getting positive result out of the process. 

Assisted client and candidate on the various 

parameters of offer and closed the 

assignment successfully. 



 
 

Designation  Company       Duration 
 

Mgt Trainee - HR  BOSCH CHASSIS SYSTEMS (I) LTD. (JALGAON)   July 2010 - July 2012 
 

Based at Plant Location having Engineering Manufacturing Facility with Foundry 

Handled End to End Recruitment and Training for entire plant (Employees Strength - Around 2000) 
 

BOSCH is a German based leading business group engaged in manufacturing of automotive parts, 

industrial goods, and home appliances all over the world. 

 

BOSCH CHASSIS SYSTEMS INDIA LTD. JALGAON is a part ofBOSCHgroup known as RBIC (Robert 

Bosch India Chassis) engaged in manufacturing Hydraulic Brake Systems supplying for all leading OEM’s 
in India. 
 

Designation: - Management Trainee - HR. 

 

Job Responsibilities: 
 

 Recruitment and Selection: 

 Challenge: 

o Recruit engineers at remote place. 

o Demand commitments 

o Linking with production growth 

o High turnover 

o Absenteeism 

 Efforts and Achievements: 

o Sourcing Candidates 

o Campus Interviews 

o Internal Communication 

o Advertisement 

o We were hiring around 500 

engineers per year 

 Medical Insurance Policy Execution: 

 

 Other Work: 

o Coordination of all joining and exit 

formalities. 

o Maintaining MIS of Recruitment, 

Training, Mediclaim data.  

o Preparing various reports on the 

basis of data. 

o Coordination of various internal 

and external events. 

 Training: 

 Challenge: 3 Mandays per person per 
year 

 Employee Strength (Approximate): 

o M & S S (Executives) – 250 

o Permanent Bargainables 

(Unionized Workers) – 190 

o Trainee Engineers (Diploma 
Trainees) – 300 

o Trainees (ITI Trainees) – 800 

 Concept: 

o Bosch Production System (BPS) 

o Lean Manufacturing 

o TPM 

o MOST 

o Work Life Balance Training 

 Execution: 

o Training Need Analysis 

o Training Calendar 

o Execution  as per plan 

 Trainer: 

o Induction Training 

o On job training support 

 

Summer Internship Project: 
 

Project Title: - Employee Training and Development 

Organization Name: - BOSCH CHASSIS SYSTEMS INDIA LTD. JALGAON. 

Duration: -05th May 2009 to 05th July 2009. 
 

Learning and Work done under Project: - 
 

I. Project Training: - 
 

Training Need Analysis 

Activities before Training 

Arrangement of training program 

Conducting Training Program 

After Training Work 
Determining Training Effectiveness and 

Evaluation of same 
 
 
 

II. On the Job Training: - 
 

Recruitment and Selection 

Provident Fund Activities 

Salary Administration and Attendance 

Report 
Daily Attendance and Manpower Report 

Employee Welfare 

General Administration 

Visit Administration 



 
Educational Qualifications: 
 

EDUCATION       Percentage    Duration 
 

 

Masters of Business Administration (HR)   Aggregate = [66.61%]   2008 - 2010 
 

G.H. Raisoni Institute of Engineering and Management, Jalgaon 
Affiliated to NorthMaharashtraUniversity (Jalgaon)  

 

 

Bachelors of Commerce (Management Group)  Aggregate = [52%]   2004 - 2007 

 
M.J. College (Jalgaon) affiliated to NorthMaharashtraUniversity, Jalgaon 

 

 

Certificate Course in Computer Application   Aggregate = [76%]   2005 - 2006 

 

M.J. College (Jalgaon) affiliated to NorthMaharashtraUniversity, Jalgaon 
 

 

Higher Secondary Education – 12th (Commerce Field) Aggregate= [54%]   2003 -2004 

 

Affiliated to MaharashtraState Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education,  
Pune (Division Nasik) 

 

 

Secondary School Education – 10th   Aggregate = [52%]   2001 - 2002 
 

Seth LaljiNarayanjiSarvajanicVidyalaya(Jalgaon) 
 

Affiliated to Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education,  

Pune (Division Nasik) 

 
 

TEHNICAL PROFICIENCY 
 

 

MS – CIT (85 %)  ERP  Microsoft Office  TALEO 

 
NOTEWORTHY ACHIVEMENTS 

 
 

At Master’s level 
 

 Won the 3rd prize for paper presentation on 
Knowledge Process Outsourcing. Paper Title- 

“INDIA: A GlobalWinner of KPO”in National 

Conference at AIM’s, Chalisgaon. 

 Won “Best Presentation Award" for Human 
Resource Specializationin “SIP Valedictory 

Function” organized in our college. 

 Participated in University level Quiz and 
Debate competition. 

At Bachelor’s level 
 

 Presented a poster on “Right to Information Act 2005” 
at an exhibition held in M. J. College, Jalgaon named 

“VEDH PARIVARTANACHA”. 

 Active participation in cultural programs at M. J. 
College, Jalgaon and won 1st prize in Group Dance. 

 Active participation in “JANATA RAJA MAHANATYA” 
(A Marathi Epic). 

 

 

 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 

 

 Date of Birth  :   August18, 1986 

 Gender  :   Male  

 Marital Status :   Married 

 Languages Known :   Marathi, Hindi, English 

 Interests  :Listening Music, Dance, Acting 

 Passport No.   :   H0689365 
 


