













































Mr. Deepak D. Vyas--Tel No.: +91-9850390051.--Email:  deepak.vyas@outlook.in B/404, Samta 2, Samta Apt., Sunder Nagar, Agashi Rd., Virar (w)- 401303


Deepak D. Vyas  +91-9168766696 
deepak.vyas@outlook.in 

 

 

Course Institute University Percentage Year ofPassing 

Bachelorof 

Commerce(B.com) 

P.D LionsCollege 

of Commerceand 

Economics. 

 

MumbaiUniversity 

 

65.00% 

 

2013 

 

H.S.C 

P.D LionsCollege 

of Commerceand 

Economics. 

 

MaharashtraBoard 

 

55.00% 

 

2010 

S.S.C N.E.H.S(Virar) MaharashtraBoard 69.00% 2008 

 

 

 ABNJ & Co. & Aradhaya Consultancy Services :Senior Executive – HR (August’13 – 

September ‘16)(1st September ’17- Present) 

o Responsible for directly interacting with Corporate Clients viz. Reliance Jio 

Infocomm, Reliance Retail, Axis Bank, Reliance Securities,Colliers 

International and servicing their HR/Operational Support Requirements 

within a tat of 3 days. 

o Joined as an Associate HR with a strength of just 15 employees. 

o Supervising and indulging in the entire HR process from 

 Recruitment- 
o Head Hunting, Using job portals viz- Times Job, references mails 

for recruiting employees. Indulging in Screening the right person 

for the job, Calling process. Ensuring candidates reaching to their 

respective Interview location. 

o Filtering of eligible candidates for the next round. 

 Appointment- 
o Issuing Appointment letters with all the terms and condition of 

employment. 

o Third party verification of employees. 

 Payroll- 
o Complete payroll processing for more than 300 employees. 

o Finalising of Attendance, vouchers and processing all the salaries 

through Internet banking. 

o Approving full and final settlement of the employees. 

o Maintaining records of all the employees through HRMS software. 

o Also responsible for issuing and approving invoices to the clients’ on a monthly 

basis for the services rendered by the firm. 

o Leading a team of 3 in the HR Department and direct reporting to the Partner. 

o Aiding in setting up offices in other cities by identifying and appointingcandidates 

as per the clients’ requirements in such cities.(Hyderabad). 

 

Educational Qualification 

Work Experience: 

mailto:deepak.vyas@outlook.in
mailto:deepak.vyas@outlook.in


 

o Drafting of the Modus Operandi of the HR Department and the Employee Code of 

Conduct in consultation with thePartner. 

o  Handled an audit assignment “Investment proof verification” - for claiming tax 

deductions under Chapter VI-A of Income Tax Act, for  Reliance Industries & 

Reliance JIO employees (a strength of 40,000 employees). 

 Geojit Financial Services Ltd(Formerly known as Geojit BNP 

ParibasFinancial services Ltd). October’ 16- 31st August ’17. 

o Working as Executive (Business Support). 

o Responsible for all the operational support in the branch viz. processing of the 

dematerialization forms and Delivery instruction slips. 

o Helps to achieve in the Business targets assigned in terms of, generating revenue, 

acquiring clients, enhancing and upgrading the client relationships. 

o Profiling Customers and suggesting financial products to meet customer needs as 

per their risk appetite. 

o Ensuring the highest levels of service to the clients. 

o Responsible for activation of Demat & Trading account of clients and assisting 

new entrants in the equity market to understand the dynamics of market. 

o Responsible for cross selling products like Mutual funds, SIPs etc to the existing 

and new customers. 

 

 

 Highlights: 

o Report Generation , Tax Knowledge, Good Communication, Strong Leader, Team Player, 

Self Motivated. 

 Computers: 

o Functional knowledge of MS Office ( Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook), well versed with 

the drafting of mails and the usage of Email incl. MailMerge. Sound knowledge of SAP. 

o Adept with using PeopleSoft HRMS Portal for generation and updation of information. 

 Sports: 

o Table Tennis, VolleyBall, Cricket. 

 Hobbies: 

o Listening to music. 

 Certifications: 

o Passed NISM-Series- V-A: Mutual Fund Distributors (MFD) Certification Examination. 

 
o Father’s Name : Dinesh K.Vyas. 

o Adress : B/404,Samta2,Sunder Nagar, 

Agashi Rd, Virar(w),401303 

o Date of Birth : 4th December,1992. 

o Languages Known : English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati. 

Extra-Curricular Skills & Interests: 

Personal Details : 


