























































KABILAN G      Contact Number: +91 9788996950 
       Email id: kabilangka7@gmail.com 
    

 

Technical Knowledge 

 
 Experienced in System, Desktop Support and Strong background in Windows Operating Systems, 

Application support, Active directory & Computer Networking. 
 IT-support professional offering extensive experience and thorough knowledge of different 

operating systems, hardware, desktop peripherals, IT Network systems. 
 Efficient problem solving and multi-tasking abilities. 
 Installed operating systems, software’s, Managed Active directory, had tasks as an 

                System Administrator. 
 Managed, supported and maintained network systems, providing both on-site and off shore 

telephone support. 
 Creating and Managing Users & Groups and their Profiles like Roaming. 
 Good Knowledge in Microsoft Outlook and Lotus notes. 
 Sharp Troubleshooting and Analytical Abilities. 
 Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot Windows Operating System and any other 

authorized desktop applications. 
 Updating patch on Windows Operating System. 
 Installing printer and scanner over the network. 
 Maintain computer peripheral devices like printers, scanners and resolve associated problems, 
 Shared folder creation on file server and provide proper permission across various domains. 
 Diagnose and troubleshooting Printers and Scanner. 
 Cisco Routers - 1700, 1800, 2621 
 Cisco Switches – 1900, 2900 
 Routing Protocols : RIP,OSPF, EIGRP, Basic BGP, Static 
 Switching : VLAN, STP, VTP, Etherchannel. 

 

Trainings attended 

 Completed Networking & Hardware Course. 
 Trained on “Multimedia Courses” 

 

Work Experience 

Datamark Prodapt Solution from 2014-2015. 
Responsibilities: 

 Online Typing in Image capture from FedEx Application and Sometimes Quality Checking. 
 Documenting any major problems customers are facing with the products in large numbers & 

reporting it to the concerned department. 
 Managing the team target as well as individual target of team members. 

  



 

Certificate & Course 

 Institute name : Sansbound Networking school, Chennai. 
 Certification      : CCNA. 
 Duration            : April 2018 - Jun 2018. 

 

Education 

 Diploma in Computer Technology (2009-2012), Annamalai Polytechnic, Chettinad. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above are true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

Place:     

Date:          KABILAN G  


