















































           ------Profile Summary------ 
 

o IBM Certified IBM BPM Developer with around 3 years 9 months of 

experience in enhancement, up gradation, analysis and development of the 

BPM driven applications. 

o Worked in IBM BPM 8.5.5 & 8.5.7 and Team Works components. 

o Provided production support using IBM BPM admin tasks using Rest API, 

Process Inspector. 

o Worked in Java to identify issues in Java UI layer using log and eclipse. 

o Communicating internal/external clients in resolving complex issues with 

available inputs for requisite output; educating client with proper information 

on application workflow. 

o Cooperating and communicating within team or other team members as per 

business need to share knowledge for efficient management work. 

o Experienced with working in ServiceNow for Change & Incident Management 

o Worked on Release Life Cycle Management (RLM) for deployments of 

different component. 

o Good understanding of JSON, WSDL, XML, JavaScript. 

o Worked in Oracle database, repositories like SVN, GIT. 

o Worked in Talend & Autosys Jobs for production support. 

 

 

 

 

 

CURRICULUM VITAE  

Surajit Mazumder 

Application Developer 

 

------Contact Details------ 
 

Mobile: +91 9038908200 
Email: surajit7@outlook.com                 

suro7c.r@gmail.com 
 
 

 
------Personal Details----- 

 
Nationality:    Indian 
Cast:                 Hindu  
D.O.B:              20-NOV-1991 
 
 
 
 

------Experience------ 
 

3 Years 11 Months 

 

 

 

------Key Skill------ 
 

IBM BPM 8.5.5 &8.5.7 
Core Java 

                   
 
 
 
 
 
 

------OBJECTIVE------ 
 

I am seeking an assignment in the area of IBM BPM and Java development which 

offers adequate exposure and personal growth with more responsibilities. With 

my dedication & hard work, realistic, pragmatic approach & experience to my 

professional life, I hope to participate & contribute effectively to the interest of the 

organization, while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 

------Work Experience------ 

 
 Organization:           IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 
 Designation:              Associate System Engineer 
 

--Assignment 1--  

 
Project: Citi Workflow Management (CWM)  

Platform: IBM BPM 8.5.5. 

Team Name: CWM Production Support Team 

Role in Group: Support in IBM BPM Applications 

Project Duration: Mar, 2015 – Present 

 
 
 
 
Project Overview: 

This project is based on a kind of framework on which multiple 
applications are hosted (used by different business units within 
bank) and built of IBM BPM 8.5.5. These applications are used 
across the world in 365*24*7 fashion. Back end of all application 
is supported by oracle DB. Java is used to create interactive UI 
layer. Applications are used to communicate with different 
heterogeneous system to produce different reports and to make 
system synchronous. Talend is used as a report generation tool 
for all application hosted inside CWM. 

 

mailto:surajit7@outlook.com


D 

 

------Languages------ 
 

English (R-W-S) 
Bengali (R-W-S) 

                  Hindi (R-S) 
 

 

 

 

------Academic Profile------ 
 

        B.Tech in Computer Science 

 

--Assignment 2— 

Project: India First Life Insurance (IFL) 

Platform: IBM BPM 8.5.7. 

Team Name: Application Development Team 

Role in Group: Application Developer 

Project Duration: Feb, 2017 – May, 2017 

Project Overview: 

This project is bases on complete workflow of an insurance 
process. IBM BPM 8.5.7 is used a middleware; UI part is 
designed in a 3rd party software and oracle is used for DB. 
This application is basically used in India to provide life 
insurance to citizen. There is also some rule engine to provide 
some basic decision based on some user data. This project is 
stated from scratch level and still is development environment. 
 
 
 

                                 ------PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION------ 

✓ “IBM Business Process Management Express or Standard Edition V8.5.5, 
BPM Application Development” on 2016. 

 
 
 

------Technical Skills------ 

Web Technologies : 
HTML, Java Script, JSON, WSDL, 
REST API 

Database : Oracle (SQL) 

Operating Systems : Windows (XP,7)   

                                          

                                          ------Academic Achievement------- 

Academic Project entitled “Multiple faults Detection Technique for Micro-Fludic 
Based Biochip” was selected on “Fifth International Conference on Advances in 
Recent Technologies in Communication and Computing, ARTCom 2013” with the 
collaboration of “ACEEE” and “IEEE Explore. 

 

 

Declaration: I hereby declare that the information furnished above is correct to the best of my knowledge and 
belief … 

Date:                  

Place: Kolkata                     

           
        

 

 

(Signature) 
 

 


