















































                          RESUME

D.SUSITRA

D/O Mr.K.Dayanidhi                                       E-Mail: susitra69@gmail.com                                                                                 #31b East street




             Mobile: 9176952279
Kolathur,

Chennai-600099.

PROFILE:
· 30 months of experience in Networking as a Support Engineer, worked extensively in troubleshooting the Networking devices and has excellent verbal and written communication skills.

· Good team player, ability to work in Co-ordination with large teams and ability to handle projects independently.
ACADEMIC:
•   Master in Business Administration (Technology Management)   (April 2011)

 Anna University  (Pursuing)
    •   Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics and Communication)      (April 2008)

Shri Andal Alagar College of Engineering, Anna University
Average Percentage: 70.65%
    •   Higher Secondary                                               (March 2004)
Jaigopal garodia Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennaie-600082

Average Percentage: 86.25%
·  Senior Secondary Education                                                             (April 2002)

Model Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennaie-600082

       Average Percentage: 73.4%

JOB HISTORY:
Project Name

:  Netgear

Client
:  NETGEAR Inc. Santa Clara, California USA.

Role



:  Technical Support Engineer
Team Size


:  Twelve

Duration


:  DEC 2008 – June 2008
Scope
:  Installing and Troubleshooting Netgear routers and adapters on call with Netgear customers.

Project Name

:  Netgear

Client 
:  NETGEAR Inc. Santa Clara, California USA.

Role



:  Support Engineer
Team Size


:  TWENTY
Duration


:  June 2008 – Aug 2011
Scope
:  Installing and Troubleshooting Netgear products on call with Netgear customers. Taking escalated calls on advance products like NAT MODEMS,Access Points,print server and wireless Bridge. Mentoring team in the absence of TL and giving training about the products to team members. Maintaining statistics and the productivity of the team. 

SUMMARY:
As a Senior Support Engineer, in the platform of providing Networking assistance to end users.
· Cybernet Slash Support, CSS Corp Pvt Ltd., a globally recognized and reputed organization for testing and providing solutions to Networking based queries of the customer in the US.

· Proficient in network setup and network administration for Small Office Home Office.
· Primarily analyze and assist a team of 20 with regards to the support rendered to the customers.
· The role assigned mainly involves assisting L1 agents with regards to Troubleshooting, Customer Support with extensive Decision making and Analysis and Interpretation of Product Testing to debug flaws.

· As a senior member, enacted roles for Team process and Handling Client Escalation Calls for resolving critical issues.

· Extensively involved in Supporting Team on tough times and increasing the productivity of work by giving Quality Support. Have a hands-on experience with regards to sever level maintenance pertaining to network security flaws for customers and clients.
· TECHNICAL SKILLS:  
	Languages
	 Java,J2EE (Done is Apollo Institute)

	Operating Systems
	 Windows 2000/Xp,vista,windows7.
MAC(working knowledge).


STRENGTHS:


Good verbal and written communication skill.


Hard working individual with good team spirit.

PERSONAL PROFILE:

 


Name                 : D.Susitra


Father’s Name
        : K.Dayanidhi(late)


Date Of Birth
        : 06:09:1986


Sex

        : Female


Marital Status         : Single


Languages Known     : English ,Tamil 


Phone                : 044-25503394
Place:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Date:       







(D.Susitra)
