
















































 (
 
 
GOPAL PRASAD
 
       
(SAP FICO/Finance )
   
 
Phone : 
9891647508  
E-mai
l :gps100299@gmail.com
   B-18 South Ganesh Nagar,Shakar Pur Delhi - 110092
)			

		
OBJECTIVE:

· Strongly Desire to pursue my career in a well-established Company. I am looking forward for an organization where I can enrich my knowledge, skills & explore myself to learn new things; I look for an opportunity that would bring out the best of my potential. To look for new frontier that challenges my professional & intellectual ability and continually to excel and make career in the industry.

Educational Qualification

· Higher Secondary from C.B.S.E Delhi.
· Senior Secondary from C.B.S.E Delhi.
· Pursuing B.Com Final Year From Delhi University.

JOB EXPERIENCE:

	Working as Accountant Executive with
	Sharda Infraengineers Pvt Ltd. from July 2017 to till dated.

Key Responsibilities being taken care of

· Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statement 
· Maintenance of cash books and bank books ledger and journal.
· MS office Work experience.  
· Preparation of vouchers (Manually and computerized.)
· Cash handling 
· Maintenance of Books of Accounts.
· Examine and verifying Books of Accounts.

COMPUTER SKILLS

· Good Working Knowledge in Accounting Packages like Tally ERP 9.0, BUSY, SAP FICO etc.
· Good working knowledge of MS Excel, Word & PowerPoint.
· GST Knowledge.
· ITR Knowledge.
· ESI/PF.
· Internal Audit.
· Pay Roll maintainance.

Sap FI/CO Skills 
		General Ledger Account:
 Defining organization elements like company, company code, business area.
 Chart of accounts, account and fiscal year variant, posting period variants, tolerance
groups.
 Creating and maintaining of master records and open item management.
 Holding &amp; Parked documents, sample and reversal of documents.
 Chart of accounts, country specific and Group, Operational and Foreign Currency
Valuation.

              Accounts Payable & Account Receivable:
 Creating and maintaining AP/AR master records and tolerance groups for AP/AR accounts.
 Vendor/ Customer transactions with down payments using special G/L transactions.
 Defining house bank check lots and assignment of house bank to vendor master.
 Set up Automatic payments program to vendor and Payment terms &amp; Payment method.
 Dunning procedure, assignment in the customer master and execution of dunning
program.
 Extended withholding tax (TDS) and creation of Tax Codes for sales/purchase.
              Asset Accounting:
 Chart of depreciation &amp; depreciation areas, account determination &amp; asset classes.
 Defining number rangers for document types.
 Creating main asset master and sub asset master.
 Integrate asset management with general ledger accounting.

             HOBBIES:
          
· Listening Music
· Net surfing

STRENGTH:

·  Positive attitude, punctuality, confidence, patience, teamwork along with leadership quality, and hardworking.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

	Father’s Name		:	Mr. Anil Prasad Singh
	Date of Birth		:	10th Feb 1999
Gender			:	Male
Languages Known	:	Hindi & English
Nationality		:	Indian	


I hereby declare that all experience and knowledge are correct if you will give me chance to work in your organization. I will prove the asset of organization.

Date:	18/12/2018
Place:	Delhi								(Signature)						
