
































 

 

1 

 

 

NAMDEV SHVAJI NARHARE 

Sanpada sector 5  Navi Mumbai – 400601 
 

Sex: Male; Date of Birth: 03rd June 1991 

Email: :namdevnarhare08@gmail.com 

Mob: +91- 8898266298/8080360159 

 

                   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

W o r k  E x p e r i e n c e  
 

Axis Bank Ltd.                                     Sep-2016 - Current 

Designation –Assistant Manager 

Role:  PL-SQL / UNIX Developer – Advaces (assets),ATM, Finacle and DMAT 

Responsibilities: 

 Creating SQL / PL-SQL blocks for extraction of data required by various users. 
 Designing and development of the  transactional reports with the help of PL-SQL and 

UNIX to keep monitoring the status of real time transactions as per requirement from 

Internal team. 

 Handling Advances Part(Assets)daily , monthly  reporting activity .working  on adhoc 
requirements Commercial and microfinance reporting to CIBIL on monthly basis.good 

knowledge on Finacle core tables.Invloved development of Internal Audit Project,Worked on IU 

subbmisson to NESL. 
 

 

 Technically sophisticated & functionally sound Software Developer (Oracle PL-SQL Developer), with 
an experience of 4.0 years on Oracle Database capable of writing efficient stored procedures, 
packages, triggers, functionsand  currently serving in Axs Bank(Airoli Navi Mumbai).Mumbai 

 A result oriented individual with good experience in Banking domain(finacle). Experience includes 
Operations, Enhancements, Configuration Support, Deployment of Change Requests/New releases 
into production and Quality Management processes of CRs/New Releases. 

 Development experience in SQLand PLSQL which includes constructing and executing Complex   
queries, Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions, Triggers, Packages, and Cursors etc. 

 Development experience in Unix/Shell Scripting. 
 Developed application in Oracle APEX 4.2 
 Expertise in writing jobs for uploading/extracting complex data into/from a global data environment 

using PL/SQL   
 Experience of supporting a live data environment for a business critical application 
 Proficient at maintaining cordial relationship with customers, ensuring quality and service norms 

thereby achieving customer satisfaction and business retention.  

 Data modeling using various sources.  
 Highly self motivated, hard working, professional and a wonderful team player with strong technical 

skills. 

                                                    Career Summary 

Have 4 years of professional experience as Pl-SQL and Unix Development engineer functioning in IT 

Industry, specialized in Banking  Advances Part(Assets). I have excellent written and oral 
communication skill to communicate directly with the user and gather details of requirement.Been 

Motivating and enthusiastic professional with an excellent approach to achieve triumph in all 

projects and logical skills to determine errors in early stages to avoid time / cost expenditures. 

Articulate communicator who can fluently speak the languages of both people and technology, 

blending financial expertise with exceptional interpersonal skills while interacting effectively with the 

team. 

mailto:dipeshan88@gmail.com


 

 

2 

 

 

 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

Clover Infotech                                                                                           March -2015  to Sep 2016. 

Role  : Oracle PL/SQL Developer. 

Designation       : Softwate Engineer 

Client                  :SBI life Insurnce(Belapur) 

 

Project Description: 

      SBI Life Insurance has various Applications used internally by them for minimizing manual 

work and automating their Day-to-Day Activities. These Applications serve a good and a 

centralized instrument for performing Daily necessary Department specific activities and also 

serve as an Activity monitoring Tool. These Applications also generate various Dashboards 

which reflect Critical Data Cuts which helps Management of SBI to monitor current Activities, 

to Know Historic trends and thereby help to take a particular necessary Action or Decision. 

Some of these Applications help in smooth Co-ordination between different Departments of SBI 

by giving a provision to each Department to upload some critical Department-specific Data 

which may be used by some other Departments of SBI. 

Some of these Applications are E-Sampark, Outward Register, Training Application System, 
CCAUDIT and PMJJBY (PRADHAcN MANTRI JEEVAN JYOTI BIMA YOJANA)etc. 

 

Responsibilities:   

 Involved in Understanding the Business Requirement Document of Proposed Applications. 
 Involved in Making Prototype of Applications in Excel. 
 Involved in designing Table structures related to Applications. 
 Involved in ensuring smooth flow of some applications by fixing bugs. 
 Involved in Application’s Front End Designing in Oracle Application Express version 4.2 
 Involved in Application’s Back End Object creation in Oracle 11g. 
 Involved in making new changes in Application. 
 Involved in discussion with User for understanding New Changes in Application. 
 Involved in Documentation of Application Flow Process. 
 Involved in Testing of Applications. 
 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----- 
Experian India 
Role                :Consltant 

Designation     : Executive 

Responsibilities:   

 Involved data loading  (commercial ,consumer and cards) 
 Generating credit score . 

      Environment:  SQL, PL/SQL,Shell Scripting,Unix.                                                                                                         

 

Educational Qualification 

 

Name of 

Exam 
Name of College Board/University Percentage 

Year of 

Passing 

         M.C.A 

 
IMCOST THANE MUMBAI 57% 2014 

          BCA COCSIT  LATUR SRTMU NANDED       66.9% 2011 

         H.S.C Shahu College  LATUR LATUR 82.17% 2008 

         S.S.C 
MAHESH VIDHYALAYA 

SHIRUR 
LATUR 74.80% 2006 



 

 

3 

 

 

 

 

A r e a  O f  I n t e r e s t  
 

 Software Development. 
 Analyst. 
 IT in Banking Sector. 
  Application Support. 

 

O t h e r s  
 

 Surfing on net  
 Participated in various Inter and Intra colleges events. 
 Hobbies include listening to music, playing cricket and watching news . 

 


