














































                                            Arputhamaniraj J 

Mobile : 9003053850                   Email : Vijay497@gmail.com                       DOB : 03-02-1992 

               9840487796 

`        CAREER OBJECTIVE 

                        

To work in a challenging environment demanding all my skills and efforts to explore and adapt 

myself in different fields, and realize my potential and contribute to the development of organization 

with impressive performance. 

             PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE  – 5 YEARS 

           HCL TECHNOLOGIES LTD  

Ecommerce Domain (US)                            Specialist - SME                   December’14 – December’18 

Acting Team Lead:   

 Motivating the Agents towards accomplishing the targets.  

 Providing regular Coaching and Feedback to strive better performance.  

 Real Time Support on tackling challenges also providing resolution to end 

users.  

 Accomplishing Client requirements and providing updates on process 

challenges.  

 Shaping the team towards achieving the incentive and grooming them for the 

next role. 

 Managing Team Attrition & Shrinkage , Also sending the reports on Monthly basis 
 

Subject Matter Expert :  

 Monitoring Calls/chats on a daily basis for better customer experience.  

 Updating Individual Scores and Performance on a daily/weekly basis.  

 Providing daily updates regarding the process changes.  

 Deals with customers and follows Escalation Process.  

 Team handling in the absence of Team Lead also providing assistance to a 

real time scenario.  

 

E-com Support(Voice/Chat Support ) :  

 Interacting with the customers and resolving their queries.  

 Work towards achieving the monthly targets.  

 Providing better customer service with good Chat/Voice quality.  

 Minimizing the wastage on the Chat/Voice. Reducing AHT .  

 

mailto:Vijay497@gmail.com


Health care (US)                                Business analyst                                    June’14 – December’2014 

 Undergone training in US Health care domain  

 Finance Closure between provider and doctors  

 Insurance claiming / Fax support .  

 

Wipro India Private Limited-  

 
Admin-operation                                Front office Admin                                             Sep’12 – March’2013 
 

 Managing Software updates of Guest Check-In and Check-Out activities 

 Publishing reports on weekly & Monthly basis pertaining to Occupancy 

 Coordinating with hospitality on guest arrivals & departures 

 Handling all reports & send that to send clients 
 

                                 CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 

 Groomed more than 10+ employees to next level in the Organization 
 Got the star performer award for JFM’15 and twin start performer for AMJ’15, 

Got Star performer award again JAS’15  

 Got the certificates for performance from the Excellencio premio HCL’15 
 Promoted as Subject matter Expert in the Year of 2016. 
 Best SME Rewards given By the Clients for Multiple times & got money rewards.  
 Outstanding Performer Award O-Infinity-2017 For two Consequent years. 
 I have won some Certificates & Rewards for on-floor Activities .  

 Proficient in Tools Handling (Siebel, oracle, MS excel, OS, etc.) 

 

                                       EDUCATION 

 Completed BCA ( computer application) with 82% in the year 2012 from Mohammad 
Sathak Arts and Science College, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 

 Completed HSC (Mathematics , Computer Science) with 77%  in the year 2009 from 
Muslim higher Secondary School, Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu 

 Completed SSC with 79% in the year 2007 from Municipal High School, Sivakasi, Tamil 
Nadu  

 

 

Address : 1/1175 1st south Street, Bethel Nagar, injambakkam, Chennai -600115   

 

Date:     

Place:                         Arputhamaniraj J 


	`        CAREER OBJECTIVE
	PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE – 5 YEARS
	CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
	EDUCATION

