














































 

Suchitra R 
Mobile: +91 9710098482 
Email: suchitra.alavandar.rs@gmail.com  

      

OBJECTIVE 
 
To be part of Organization where I can learn and apply skills in best possible way to achieve company goals 
and enhance my career growth. 

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

 Presently associated with Accenture Services Pvt Ltd and working as Senior Application 
Development Analyst  

 Experienced in ETL tools – Informatica, Pentaho and BI Analytics reporting tools – OBIEE, Tibco 
SpotFire as developer and also in Production support 

 Experienced in BI APPS – OBIA as developer and in Production support 

 Worked on requirement gathering, analysis, planning, design, build, test, pre-implementation and 
post–implementation activities of projects 

 Worked in end to end implementation of projects involving creation of data model with 
implementation using data warehousing and OBIEE 

 Strong analytical skills in debugging issues in ETL / Business Analytics reports  

 

 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 

Reporting Tools OBIEE, BI Publisher, Tibco  Spotfire 

Trained on Tableau, Qlikview, OAC 

Data warehousing Tools 
and Schedulers 

Informatica PowerCenter, Pentaho - Kettle, OBIA, DAC 

Databases Oracle Database, SQL server 

Operating System Unix and Windows 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
PROJECT PROFILE 
 

Project  #1   

 Client   : KPN  

Domain  : Telecommunication 

 Role   : Application Development Analyst, October 2013 – October 2015 

 Responsibilities:  

 Experienced in Agile method of working and also on waterfall method. 

 Worked on the Production issues without SLA miss. 

 Maintenance of critical jobs so that the data will be up to date for the Business every day 
and send out communication to Business for status on daily basis at right time to keep them 
updated.  

 Coordinated with third party vendor for the source files to make the jobs complete on time 
for the reports to be updated for Business. 

 Actively handled the tickets of all priorities by analysing and providing solution to users 
meeting SLA on time. 

 Migration of code from Test to Pre prod and Production environment. 

 Acted as SME for a scrum team to identify issues/risks in the releases that may risk the 
Production environment. 

 Played role of Change Lead to identify the patching / up gradation of applications. 

 Maintenance of critical applications in Production environment. 

 Worked in the UNIX and service now ticketing tool. 

 Have individually supported Spotfire reports and handled the issues in Spotfire Production 
environment. 

 
Project #2   

 Client      : Transaction Network Services (TNS)  

Domain  : Telecommunication 

 Role       : Senior Application Development Analyst, October 2015 – till date 

 Responsibilities: 

 Working in critical Financial module & HR Absence module (OBIA) – maintenance, change in 
requirements, issue fix. 

 Experience in complex components end to end implementation of building warehouse from 
various sources. 

 Have independently worked in End to End implementation of Procurement & Spend module 
by resolving the issues raised by business. 

 Experience in Agile method of working and also on waterfall method. 

 Worked in all phases of Data warehousing development which includes business 
requirements gathering, development, Testing, production deployment and support. 

 Playing role of  a Developer in modifying / building the code. As a tester performing 
regression and Unit testing. And performing movement of code from lower environment to 
higher environments. 



 Monitor and take immediate action for any issues in Production environment sending 
timely notification or communication to the client. 

 Experienced in warehouse data modelling based on the requirements and building the 
warehouse data from different sources and making it available for reporting in OBIEE for 
Business. 

 Experienced in PDI – migration of jobs from Informatica to Pentaho. 

 Experienced in building the OBIEE RPD working in all 3 layers of RPD.  

 Implementation of business logic required in Business Model Layer and exposing them to 
Presentation layer. 

 Worked extensively in OBIEE answers creating reports and Dashboards as per the Business 
requirement. 

 Handled critical issues in OBIEE Financial and other reports and have implemented the code 
fix required. 

 Maintenance of critical Production environment. 

 Work in the Remedy ticketing Tool and handling all priority tickets. 

 Basic knowledge on Oracle Analytics Cloud 

 

EDUCATION 

 

 R.M.K. College of Engineering and Technology 

B.Tech Information Technology – 8.05 (CGPA) [2013] 

 Maharishi Vidya Mandir HSS, Chennai. 

12
th

 Grade[State Board] – 85.58% [2009] 

 St Thomas MHSS, Chennai. 

10
th

 Grade[Matric] – 84.82% [2007] 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

 Date of Birth   : 8
th

 Oct 1991 
 Hobbies           : Crafts and sketching 
 Languages known  : English, Tamil, Telugu, Hindi 

 
 

DECLARATION 

 

I declare that the information mentioned above is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge.  
                                                                  

                                                                                                              
Date:                Yours faithfully, 
Place: Chennai                                     
                 

      [SUCHITRA R]                                                                                                                                          


