












































Southariya

Name


:  Noorjahan Mohamed 

Email-id

:  noorjahanjinnah@gmail.com
Mobile


:  +91-9940618200

Preferred Location
:  Hyderabad 
Objective

Intend to build my career in a quality IT environment that provides me ample opportunity to excel in the field of Information and technology while carving out the niche for personal, professional as well as organizational goals to benefit mutual growth and success.
Experience Summary:

Trained in C, Java, SQL. Having 2 years and 5 months of experience in Java Technology at Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd., Chennai. As part of my assignment, I have been in Production support and development activities which includes Incident analysis, Defect Fixing & Testing, Batch Jobs monitoring, Product upgradation. 
 Academic Qualifications

	Degree 
	Year 
	Institute, University/ Board 
	% /CGPA 

	B.TECH (IT) 
	2016
	S.S.N College of Engineering, Anna University 
	8.55/10 

	H.S.C 
	2012 
	Adarsh Vidhyalaya School, Tamil Nadu State Board 
	94.8% 

	S.S.C. 
	2010 
	Adarsh Vidhyalaya School, Matriculation 
	93.80% 


Technical Skills:

	Operating Systems
	Windows 7

	Languages/Technology
	Java, SQL, HTML,CSS, JavaScript, Angular Js

	Development Tools
	Jdeveloper 11.1.1.7.0, Eclipse, NetBeans, Sublime Text


Project Experience:  Has been part of two projects till now and I have mentioned the details below.
Project Name: CAD AMS (Accessory Management System

Client Name: Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc.




Team Size: 40

Languages used: Java, SQL

 Project Description:

AMS enables the Sales Part Accessories Department (SPAD) users to manage vehicle, accessory, and part information throughout the accessory life-cycle. The activities that are managed in AMS span across the core functional departments of SPAD, Department of Distribution, and Toyota Logistics Services (TLS).

AMS provides greater efficiency, streamlined business processes, and improved access to core business information for the users.

Role and Responsibilities
· Joined as a trainee in the Project and was involved in the Production support activities.

· Involved in finding the Root cause analysis for incidents raised in various modules of the application and reporting to onsite on daily basis.

· Proactive problem resolution for users through temporary workaround where ever required.
· Managing all the incidents through service now tool.

· Tracking all changes with the incidents and RFC’s as per firm standard.
· Involved in defect fixing for the various modules and delivering them during After Sales Phase.

· Involved in Integration Testing.

· Involved in documentation activities like daily status report and monthly RCA for our application.

· Involved in monitoring the jobs in the application and finding the root cause if any job failed. 

· Providing KT across the team with New Technologies and reiterating the Existing technology and processes.
· Respond to and manage service issues and problems.
Project Name: Assert serv (Open text)
Client Name: Loreal



Team Size: 2
Languages used: Java, SQL
 Project Description:
	Open Text Media Management is an open digital-management application and framework that provides access and flexibility to capture, manage, and dynamically use digital assets (including images, video, audio, text, layouts, and graphics). L’Oréal uses Open text to manage all the digital assets which users can upload, edit, download and perform many operations on the assets. 
	


Role and Responsibilities
· Joined as a Programmer Analyst in the Project and was involved in the Production support activities.

· Involved in finding the Root cause analysis for defects raised in the application and reporting to onsite on daily basis.

· Proactive problem resolution for users through temporary workaround where ever required.
· Involved in fixing the defects raised by the user.
· Involved in product upgradation. (Open text version upgrades)
· Involved in documentation activities like PROD and QA changes document on a monthly basis.
· Providing KT across the team with New Technologies and reiterating the Existing technology and processes.
· Respond to and manage service issues and problems.
Personal profile
Date of Birth                    :       9th Sept, 1995
Gender                             :        Female
Nationality                       :        Indian
Linguistic proficiency     :        English, Tamil

Declaration

                    I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

(Noorjahan Mohamed)                                                                                                 
