



























































































DEBASISH PAL CHAUDHURI (RESUME)



    




Neha Srivastava




	Address
	House No. 168/21, 2nd Floor, 4th Cross, Venkateshwara Layout
Sudhgunttepalya, DRC Post, Bangalore - 560029

	Phone
	09643802061

	Email
	srivastavaneha05@gmail.com



Summary
As a HR Professional having practical knowledge on Recruitments, Salary Computation, Employee Welfare and Policy Formation, implementation of effective HR strategies. Possess excellent interpersonal communication and organizational skills.
Proficient in overseeing the HR process including human resource planning, recruitments, selection, employee welfare, retention etc. Deftness in maintaining harmonious relations among management and employees through efficient resolution of employees’ grievances.  
 
Areas of Expertise
· Recruitments & Selection
· Employee Welfare & Development
· HR Operations & Salary Computation
· Payroll Management & Compensation
· Performance Appraisal
· HR Operation
Educational Qualification

          
	Examination
	School/ Institute
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	MBA (Regular)
	IBMR Business School
	2010
	75.47%

	B.Sc.(Biotech)
	Kanodia College
	2007
	74.07%

	Std. XII
	Subodh Public School
	2004
	75.60%

	Std. X
	  Central Academy
	  2002
	69.67%


WORK EXPERIENCE 

Company: Collabera Technologies
Designation: Lead HR
Duration: Dec 2015 to Apr 2017

Company Profile: Collabera has been a leader in IT staffing for over 25 years and is one of the largest diversity staffing firms in the industry. It is known for its high-touch, customer-centric approach, offering clients the unmatched quality, responsiveness and flexibility. 

Role And Responsibilities:

· Recruitment: Managing the complete recruitment process of the organization. Hiring through consultants. 
· Training and Development: Managing the training imparted to all new employees on a particular subject and business in general. Having brain storming sessions with the trainers to understand how the training modules can be made more productive. Monitoring and reviewing the progress of trainees through questionnaires and discussions with managers. 
· Employee Engagement: Bring in various employee engagement activities so as to control attrition and also to bring in a sense of belonging towards the organization. Bringing in the concept of Rewards and Recognition so as to acknowledge star performers in front of the whole team. 
· Labour Laws,   P.F., E.S.I  
· Payroll : Attendance  & Leave Managemet followed by Salary Processing.
· Office Administrartion: Making Purchase orders of company Grocery, Housekeeping,Stationary, IT and  Maintainance items. On arrival of the items, making GRN and Payment processing. Arranging corporate lunch & high tea. 
· Formats of all HR documents: Creating the formats of HR documents that are being used in the organization now. Issuing LOI, Appointment, Confirmation, Probation, Increment, Appraisal, Promotion Letters, etc. Joining formalities process of new employees (Welcome circular, Orientation, Induction,Emp Code, ID Cards, Stationary, Bank Account, Reference check, etc.)

Company: Motherson Air Travel Agencies Limited (A compamy of Samvardhana Motherson Group)
Designation: Executive- HR & Administration
Duration: Mar 2013 to Apr 2015
Role And Responsibilities:

· Recruitment: Managing the complete recruitment process of the organization. Hiring through consultants. 
· Training and Development: Managing the training imparted to all new employees on a particular subject and business in general. Having brain storming sessions with the trainers to understand how the training modules can be made more productive. Monitoring and reviewing the progress of trainees through questionnaires and discussions with managers. 
· Employee Engagement: Bring in various employee engagement activities so as to control attrition and also to bring in a sense of belonging towards the organization. Bringing in the concept of Rewards and Recognition so as to acknowledge star performers in front of the whole team. 
· Labour Laws,   P.F., E.S.I  
· Payroll : Attendance  & Leave Managemet followed by Salary Processing.
· Office Administrartion: Making Purchase orders of company Grocery, Housekeeping,Stationary, IT and  Maintainance items. On arrival of the items, making GRN and Payment processing. Arranging corporate lunch & high tea. 
· Formats of all HR documents: Creating the formats of HR documents that are being used in the organization now. Issuing LOI, Appointment, Confirmation, Probation, Increment, Appraisal, Promotion Letters, etc. Joining formalities process of new employees (Welcome circular, Orientation, Induction,Emp Code, ID Cards, Stationary, Bank Account, Reference check, etc.)


Company: NDTS India (P) Ltd. Mumbai 
Designation: Executive- HR & Administration
Duration: Jan 2012 to May 2012

Name of the company: Hi- Tech Gears Limited
Designation:  Executive- HR Operations
Duration: Feb 2011 to Nov 2011

SUMMER INTENSHIP

Organization: Continental Engines - Duration: Apr 2010 to May 2010
Topic: “Deploying the concept of Appreciative Inquiry”

About: A methodology that focuses on ‘what’s working around here’ with an idea that the most lasting change comes when people work together to examine what makes their organization work at its best, and use what they find to build a solid vision of the road to the future. 
Concept of Appreciative Inquiry was attracted by all and was taken up by the company for implementation.

Organization: Reliance Communication - Duration: Aug 2009 to Sep 2009
Topic: “Human Resource with ERP”

About: “HR with ERP” was portal to communicate with each employee online to keep them updated about their records and performance in the organization. It is based on SAP which increases their collaboration towards their work & dedication towards their company.

HR with ERP was appreciated and was taken up by the company to make it more user friendly.

     COMPANY VISITED


· “Newater” Water Recycling Industry, Singapore.
· “Royal Selangor” Pewter Product Industry, Malaysia.
· International Rubber Products Exhibition Centre, Malaysia.
· REC Engineering Products Private Limited, Belgaum, Karnataka.
· Polyhydron Private Limited, Belgaum, Karnataka.
· Spicer India Limited, Dharwad, Karnataka.






AWARDS & RECOGNITION


Won Gold Medal in MBA as an award for Excellence in all round performance.
Secured 4th position in college in MBA III semester.
Secured 3th position in college in MBA II semester.
Attended seminar on Financial Crisis at Multimedia University Malaysia
 Participated in workshop held at National Library Board at Singapore
Won First Prize in Inter College Bio- Tech Seminar in Youth Festival “Kasturi” 2007 at Jaipur.
Won Third Prize in Inter College Poster Presentation in Youth Festival “Kasturi” 2006 at Jaipur

IT SKILLS


· Software Packages: MS Advanced Excel, Payroll Software Processing, MS Office, 
· Windows 98, XP,Out look Express,MS- Office,MS- excel (Vloolup, HLookup, Goal seek,  Pivot Table & expert in advanced Excel sheet)Power-point

ACHIEVEMENTS

· Won First Prize in Cultural Event in “NIRMANA-08” management fest held by Kuvempu University.
· Worked as a volunteer in on-stage committee in “DECATHLON-09”.
· Participated in “NIRMANA-08” management fest held by Kuvempu University, Karnataka.
· Worked as Active Member in Bio-Technology Committee in “KASTURI” 2006-07, Jaipur.
·  Worked as Volunteer in Welcome & Reception Committee in “KASTURI” 2005-06 & 2006-07, Jaipur.
 PERSONAL DETAILS

 
Date of Birth: 5th September, 1985
Languages Known: English & Hindi 
Marital Status: Married
Permanent Address: 34/377, Pratap Nagar, Jaipur (Raj.)
Contact No.: 09643802061
References: To be furnished upon request
Preferred Location: Bangalore
						



