


















































 (
RESUME
)

T.RAMYA SREE
12-13-205, Street No 2,
Tarnaka, Hyderabad, Telangana
Pincode : 500017
Contact Number  : 9703521510
Email address: ramyatalichetty@gmail.com
					
CAREER OBJECTIVE

To be a successful individual in whatever work assigned and to work with such an organization that enables growth in career and enriches job opportunities.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

	Course of
Study
	Name of the
Institution
	Year of study
	Board /
University
	Percentage Of Marks

	Master of Pharmacy (Pharmaceutical management and Regulatory Affairs)
	Vijaya College of Pharmacy
	2014-2016
	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
	82%

	Bachelor of Pharmacy
	Teegala Krishna Reddy college of Pharmacy
	2010-2014
	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
	77%

	Intermediate
	Sri Chaitanya junior college
	2008-2010
	Board of
Intermediate, AP
	85%

	S.S.C
	St. Ann’s HighSchool
Hyderabad
	2007-2008
	State Board of Secondary Education
	77%







SKILL SET

· Microsoft Word
· Microsoft Excel
· Microsoft PowerPoint

persoNal traits

· Punctual.
· Hard working.
LanGUages KNOWN

· English – Read, write and speak
· Telugu – Read, write and speak
· Hindi -  Read, write and speak

Achievements AND EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

· Stood as Gold medalist for the three consecutive years during the course of 2011-2014 for securing highest marks in the respective years.

· Participated and presented a seminar in International seminar- Pharma Transpire 2014 on topic Micro Bubbles-The Ultra sound tool in molecular imaging held in CES COLLEGE OF PHARMACY, Chinnatekur, Kurnool and stood in 1st place. 

· Participated in THE HINDU FEST-2014 held in Teegala Krishna Reddy Educational Society as coordinator. 

· Participated and presented a seminar in National seminar- Innovate 2013 held in PULLA REDDY COLLEGE OF PHARMACY, Dundigal Air Force Academy,Annaram(V), Jinnaram(M).

· Participated in PULSE POLIO immunization program 2014, Participated in social activities like Blood donation camps and awareness programs (Help Age India & Lepra India)and stood in 3rd place in inter college competition. 

· Participated and presented seminar in Insignia 2012 conducted by Teegala Krishna Reddy college of pharmacy and stood in 2nd place.





PROJECT- B.PHARMACY
Title:
Formulation and Evaluation of Natural Lipsticks from the colored pigments of Beta vulgaris taproots

Description: 
The main aim of this work is to formulate and evaluate natural lipstick from colored pigments of Beta vulgaris taproot by using natural coloring pigment and minimizing the side effects of synthetic formulations.

Result:
To overcome the adverse effects of the synthetic lipsticks, these natural lipsticks where prepared by optimized formulas. In order to improve the consistency and color of the formulation various attempts were made and six different formulations were prepared and evaluated for the following tests-Melting point, breaking point, Ease of application, Surface anomalies, Aging stability, Solubility test, pH parameter, Perfume stability and Skin irritation test.
From both formulation and quality control tests point of view Formulation-6 was found to be the best formulation.
The Thesis work was also published in The Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences(e-ISSN 2320-1215 and p-ISSN 2322-0112).

PROJECT- M.PHARMACY
Title:
Drug approval process and safety recall procedures in therapeutic goods administration Australia and Medsafe New Zealand

Description:
The main aim of this work is to study and regulatory bodies in Australia and New
Zealand. The objectives of the present work are to analyze basic facts and regulatory guidelines, to know the detailed information regarding Intellectual Property Rights and its amendments, to acquire a basic knowledge about regulatory affairs and the implementation in various regulatory bodies, to study the regulatory requirements and guidelines for the registration of prescription drugs in Therapeutic Goods Administration, Australia and Medsafe, New Zealand, to enlighten on streamlined submission process for prescription drugs for marketing Authorization in Australia and New Zealand.

Result:
The study was undertaken with an aim to study the Drug approval process and Safety Recall procedures in Therapeutic goods administration, Australia and Medsafe, New Zealand. To study the guidelines, safety recalls procedures. Constraining the rapid escalations of health care costs while extending health immune insurance coverage to all the primary objectives of the health care reform will require significant improvements in the performance of our system of health care. This performance imperative is especially important because of some factors behind rising health care expenditures, such as the aging of the population, are external to the healthcare system. In permeable to this report, we set forth the committee’s review that the
fundamental goals of reform are to maintain and improve health and wellbeing, to
make basic health coverage universal, and to encourage the efficient use of limited  resources.

PERSONAL PROFILE	
Name                        : T.Ramya Sree
Father’s name          : T.Rajagopal
Sex                            : Female.
Marital Status           : Unmarried.
Nationality                : Indian.
Date of Birth             : 7-July-1992.
Languages known    : English, Telugu and Hindi
DECLARATION

	I declare that above mentioned information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


DATE  : 
PLACE:  HYDERABAD                                                                                                                                     (T.Ramya Sree)
