














































Curriculum Vitate  
 

Suraj Bhasashankar 
Mob: +91-9404558728 | bhasashankarsuraj@gmail.com 

 

Application Development Analyst  
Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd. 

 

Career Summary  
 
 3 years 9months of experience in the industry as a Java Software Programmer with MCA from 

Sinhgad Institute Of Management Pune.
 Rich domain knowledge & comprehensive understanding of various Software & designing tools.
 Proven technical and analytical skills, with sound understanding and skill of creating new 

softwares & systems, designing, analysis, testing, database development and coding for 
modules while structuring customized hardware and networking solutions to meet 
customers specific needs.

 Technical proficiency in a high paced production environment.
 An effective team player with exceptional planning and execution skills coupled with a 

systematic approach and quick adaptability.
 

Organizational 
Experience  

 
 Accenture Ltd., Mumbai

Application Development Analyst, Dec 2016 –  Till Date 
 

 Adisoft IT care pvt ltd Pune.

Java Developer, Mar 2016  To  Dec 2016 
 

 Skynet Webtech Solutions Pvt LTd Pune.
Jr. Java Developer, Mar 2016 –  Dec 2016 

 

Tool & Technology 
Proficiency  

 

Technologies : Core JAVA, J2EE, Spring MVC 
 Project Lifecycles : Agile SDLC 
 Frameworks : SPRING, Executor Framework 
 Databases : MySql,  PLSql, Oracle. 
 Operating System : Windows (XP/ 7),Unix 
 Tools and Software :       NetBeans, ECLIPSE, PUTTY, WinScp, Jira,

          SQL DEVELOPER, TOAD, BAMBOO, GEMS, SVN, GIT HUB.  
Education  



 MCA from Sinhagad Institute Of Management Pune in 2015 with 66%. 

 Server : Apache Tomcat 7.x . 



                   Work Experience 
 

 

PROJECTS 
 

Project: Zeus 
Client: UBS  
Organization: Accenture 
Domain: Investment Banking 
 

Description of the project: 

 

Zeus is a central database which provides single view of Investment Banking credit risk data to credit officers, risk 
control and reporting users. It is a Java and oracle based application that collates, processes and de-normalizes 
credit risk information between 10 different up- streams and down-streams through more than 2500 inter-
dependent jobs and 50 calculators for each business days and month-ends. There is also a tomcat based middle 
tier web service (Hades) providing data services for end users UI and a reporting layer serving MIS system. 

 

Tools and Technologies: Core Java, Oracle, PL/SQL, SVN, GIT HUB, BAMBOO, Jira, Spring MVC, Multithreading, 
Executor framework 
 
 
 
 

Project: Marathwada Bank Association  
Organization: Adisoft IT Care Pvt Ltd Pune. 
Domain: Banking 
 

Description of the project: 

 

Enhancing  existing Core Banking  system for bank to actively manage their day to day transaction in terms of 
intraday liquidity positions and risks to meet payment and settlement obligations on a timely basis. This is required 
to ensure they contribute to the smooth functioning of payment and settlement systems under both normal and 
stressed conditions 
 

Tools and Technologies: Core Java, Spring, JDBC, Oracle, SVN 
 
 
 

 

Project: Vigilance and Quality Control 
Organization: Adisoft IT Care Pvt Ltd Pune.  
 

Description of the project: 

 

Providing centralize graphical user interface to monitoring and managing number of Test. Performing  number of 
test for quality assurance and generate test report and observation. Calculating the test price and measure quality 
by performing number of sub test. Maintaining the track of sub test which needs to be perform for various Test.  
   
Tools and Technologies: Spring MVC, Spring Hibernate, Eclipse, JDBC, MYSql, JavaScript, Jquery, XML, GIT.  



Project: PATSANSTHA 
Organization: SKYNET WEBTECH SOLUTIONS PVT  
Domain: Banking 
 

Description of the project: 
 
PATSANSTHSA is a computerized system to overcome manual Banking system to Computerized system.  
Maintaining day to day transaction, Account opening registration of customer and maintaining balance sheet. 
 

Tools and Technologies: Core JAVA , MySql, NetBeans, Swing, JDBC. 
 

  

 
 
 

Project: CARP (Captcha as Graphical Pasword) 
 Organization: SKYNET WEBTECH SOLUTIONS PVT   

Description. of the project: 
Provide high security while doing authentication. Click point algorithm are used for authentication. 
 

Tools and Technologies: Core JAVA ,JDBC, Swing, MYSql. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Rewards and 
Recognition 

 

 

 I have done research paper on Comparative study of Internet protocol 
IPV4 and Internet Protocol IPV6.

 Participated in cyber Security Campaign.
 Participated in Design-fire SDLC Competition.

 

Personal Details 
 

 Full Name : Suraj Bhasashankar
 Date of Birth : 04 July 1988
 Sex: Male



 Marital Status: Unmarried


 Current Location: New Mumbai-400708


 Mobile : +91-9404558728


 Email: bhasashankarsuraj@gmail.com


