












































Sowmya Shantharam



Aishwarya Shesha
Phone:  9130172334


Email: Aishwaryashesha@gmail.com 
CAREER VISION

I would eventually like to be a part of a core team in a professional organization that will offer me opportunities of growth and learning in a challenging and supportive work environment. I believe that my perseverance, cool temperament and ability to think analytically will let contribute meaningfully to the organization while achieving my long-term career objective.
PROFILE  SUMMARY
	              ORGANIZATION :
	Infosys BPM Ltd.

	                            ROLE:
	SENIOR PROCSS EXECUTIVE

	                     DURATION:
	 (16Nov 2015- Till date)


Responsibilities:

Recruitment:
· Searching profiles from Job Portals

· Screening and short listing of prospective candidates based on the desired job profile.
· Reporting, Vendor Management, Sourcing, Interviewing, Campus Recruitment
 - Client Handling, Salary Negotiation, Executive Hiring, Contract Recruitment.

· Speaking to prospective candidates & explaining the desired profiles

· Scheduling & arranging the interviews of short listed candidate and co-coordinating the same. 

· Responsible for End to End Cycle of Recruitment

· Responsible for sourcing, screening, selection and generation of candidates for all vacancies received. 

· Source candidates through internal database and job portals, networking employee referrals for end-to-end recruiting thereby building a strong pipeline for the current and future openings
· Conducting face to face interviews of the candidates 

· Completing the joining formalities

· Conducting induction programs

· Planning training programs according to requirements

· Grievance handling

Exit:
· Handling end to end Exit formalities.

· Responsible for full and final settlement and sending details to the accounts department for the salary process of resigned employees.

· Taking exit interviews and analysing the employee’s prospective of leaving the job

.

Other roles and responsibilities:
· Inventory Management for different areas. 

· Managing Maintenance related work.

· Organizing for travel.
· Organizing parties and functions (Internal & External).
· Celebrating different days n events in the company
· Celebrating different days and festivals in the organization.
Asquare hr solutions pvt ltd.
	              ORGANIZATION :
	Asquare hr solutions pvt ltd 

	                            ROLE:
	Recruiter

	                     DURATION:
	 ( 4 Nov 2014- 30 Oct 2015)


Job Profile:

· To have hiring done for junior, middle & senior level.
· Sourcing relevant profiles from job portals, references and professional networking sites.

· Taking HR interviews for the technically shortlisted candidates

· Preparation and issuance of Offer Letters & Appointment Letters& Relieving Letter, Experience Letter.
· Educational Details:
	Course
	Board/University
	Percentage

(Aggregate)
	Grade
	Year of Passing

	M.P.M
	Indira College, Pune
	50%
	2nd
	2014

	B.Com
	Jivajiuniversity,Gwalior
	67%
	1st
	2011

	H.S.C (XII)
	M.P. Board 
	61%
	1st
	2008

	S.S.C (X)
	M.P. Board
	50%
	2nd
	2006


Project Details:

· MPM  Internship Project:

	Project title
	A study on Recruitment and Selection practices adopted in S.N. Casting LTD

	Description
	The Project which gives knowledge about recruitment and selection of the candidates by using different sources like Head hunting, Mouth publicity, Advertisement, Cold calling etc. It included the selection process of candidate. It also involved the training activities.

	Role
	Recruiter, HR

	Duration
	50 days

	Team Size
	Individually


Awards and Participations:
·    Best performance award
· Participated in 15 days NSS Camp and took active part in the activities conducted as follows:

· Tree Plantation

· Free health checkup camp
· Blood donation

· computer training in school
Hands on Experience and skills:

Operating system: MS word, MS Excel, MS power point
LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY
English, Hindi,.






STRENGTHS
· Honest Nature

· Expert in motivating and team building with ability to work under pressure

· Good leadership skills.

Personal Information:

	Name:
	AishwaryaShehsa

	Date of Birth
	3/2/1992

	Mobile no:
	9130172334

	Marital Status:
	Single

	Religion:
	Hindu

	Language Known:
	English, Hindi, 

	Email
	Aishwaryashesha@gmail.com


Declaration:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Date: 







Place: 


                                                                                                   AishwaryaShesha






2 | Page

