













































Sourabh Dey

	Sourabh Dey

	Contact Address: 
#4M, East wing ,Fernhill garden Appt,No-46, HSR Layout
6th Sector, Bangalore - 560034.
	Mobile no: +91 9663918081
E mail : sourabhdey@yahoo.co.in

             sourabhscms@gmail.com                                                                                             

	   Objective

	Align and establish myself in the various business dimensions of marketing with the organizational objective and achieve success through innovativeness and synergistic endeavor which will provide me ample opportunities to learn and grow in future.

	   Work experience

	(A) Company: You Broadband & Cable India Ltd
Designation: Key Account Manager. 

            Functional Area: Corporate sales(PRI,CENTREX,LEASE LINE,MPLS)
Duration: Aug 2011 to Till Date

(B) Company: Reliance Communications-Bangalore

Designation: Sales Executive. 

            Functional Area: Corporate sales(PRI,CENTREX,LEASE LINE,MPLS,WIMAX)
Duration: Feb 2010 to July 2011
          Job Profile: The overall work includes

· Working as a  Sales Executive in a team size of 7

· Responsible for selling Reliance Services to Corporate and its employee. 

· Handling some key accounts of the company, providing proper service and generating revenue from those accounts. 

· Achieving monthly target in terms of numbers & revenue.

· Responsible for revenue collection while providing new connections.

· Follow ups, making cold calls for new as well as existing customers.

· Providing Weekly & Monthly sales metrics to the team lead.
(C) Company: Tata Communications Internet Service Limited, Bangalore

Designation: Senior Sales Associate

Duration: Aug 2009 to Jan 2010
          Job Profile: The overall work includes
· Working as a Senior Sales Associate in a team size of 10

· Responsible for selling Tata Indicom Broadband (Wimax) connections.
· Achieving monthly target in terms of numbers & revenue

· Responsible for revenue collection while providing new connections.
· Follow ups, making cold calls for new as well as existing customers.

· Coordinating marketing activities for sales improvement like; Banner distribution and posters.


	   Educational Qualification

	 SHAPE  \* MERGEFORMAT 



Period

Course/ Study

 Board/ University


%
1

Jul 07- Apr 09
PGDM(Marketing)
School of Communication and Management Studies—Cochin
69
2

Jul 02– May 05

B.B.A ( Marketing) 

B.P. Poddar Institute of Management &Technology--West Bengal University of Technology, Kolkata  

70
3

Jun 00– Apr 02

ISC 

A.N.inter college, Dumka

Jharkhand Intermediate Education Council,Ranchi
59
4

 2000

10th 

St. Joseph’s H/S, Dumka
—B.E.B.S.E, Patna
55


	   Summer Training

	(A) Company        :  Bharti Airtel Ltd
      Location          :  Bangalore
      Project Topic:  “Market potential for Bharti Airtel Leased line services in Bangalore.” – Through my project, I developed an understanding on various aspects of Lease Line service offered by the company. Working for the company to find interested customer as well as also working with a team for booking and implementation of Lease Line circuits from entire South.
     Duration           :   65 working Days

     Date                  :   16th Jun 2008 – 25th Aug 2008
(B) Company        :  Golden Trust Financial Services
      Location          :  Kolkata
      Project Topic  :  “Post implementation of insurance policy analysis and problem solving     techniques” – Through my project, I developed an understanding on various aspects of insurance domain and its working through a large pool of agents and thereby analyzing and implementing day to day problem solving techniques.   
      Duration          :   90 Days

      Date                 :   Jun 2004 - Aug 2004


	Academic Project at SCMS

	 In-house Project    

    Company          :  JK Organization
    Project Topic    :  “Study on JK Organization” – Through my project, I gained a wide understanding of the various organizational operations, strategies and financial performance of the company.
     Date                  :   Aug 2007 - Oct 2007

	   Achievements

	· Top Performer Awards in Reliance Communications for consecutive months.   

· Actively participated & captained school cricket team from 1998-2000.

· Unanimously nominated from high school for the school level chess championship.

· Actively involved as a committee member in the executive board of “ELIXER”, 

an annual cultural Fest between the year 2004-2005.
· Participation certificate from “GOLDEN TRUST FINANCIAL SERVICE” in the year 2004.

· Acquired 3rd position in “Business Plan” at the management fest of Rajagiri COEM.

· Acquired 3rd position in the “Inter-College Chess Championship” at SCMS-COCHIN.

	   Key Area  of Interest

	      Various business laterals of marketing.

	Personal Data

	 Date of Birth
	     16th  Dec 1983

	 Gender
	Male

	 Marital Status
	Single

	 Religion
	Hindu

	 Father’s Name
	Sadanand Dey

	 Nationality
	Indian

	 Languages Known
	English, Hindi and Bangla

	      Hobbies
	     Playing Cricket and Chess, Traveling.  

	Computer Proficiency

	MS-office, Basic computer application, Internet.

	     Declaration

	       I do hereby declare that the above mentioned data are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

	Place:

	Date:                                                                                                          

                                                                                                                                     Sourabh Dey


