







































9th Jan 2017 - 31st Mar 2018

1st Apr 2018 - Till date

MAYUR SHELKE
 Bhekrai Nagar, Hadapsar, Pune-412308

 9145243078 | mayurshelke0241@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To secure and challenging and creative position and to commit my skills, abilities, knowledge and experience 
to an organisation that offers me scope for growth and ultimately entailing value addition to the organisation 
and opportunities for my professional and personal development.

EXPERIENCE

Shipco IT Pvt. Ltd. (Day Shift)
Jr. Accounting Officer
Vouchering-

 • Processing of shipping Invoices for different regions.
 a) Creation and updation of vouchers in Phoenix

 b) Deduction of taxes (if required)
 c) Generating Credit/ Debit notes

 d) Updating monthly exchange rates.
 

Reconciliation-
 • Vendor Reconciliation( Accounts Payable)

 a) Local Vendors
 b) Agents

 • Inter-company Reconciliation (Accounts Payable).
 

Reporting-
 • Monthly reconciliation report to Stakeholders

 • Maintaining edit reports of vouchers
 • Data validation.

 
Extra Activities-

 • Attending calls of the clients
 • Attending calls for new migrations

 • Preparation of SOP’s for pilot process
 • Downloading and sending weekly statements to the customers/ clients.

 • Auditing.
 

Shipco IT Pvt. Ltd. (Night Shift)
Accounts Executive IC-3
Freight Bill Audit & Payment: Account Payable Department. 

 • Audit and review the payable invoices in order to make the correct payment.
 • Disputes if any findings with respective vendors.

 • Make vendor payments if everything matches with our records.
 • Reconciliation of carrier payment statement on weekly and bi-weekly basis.

 • Communicate with particular carrier or Shipco person via email.
 • Process invoice vouchering and stamping. 

 • General ledger entries in the books of accounts



MAYUR SHELKE

EDUCATION

New Arts College, Ahmednagar
B.Com with 72.50%

 2015

Sun Pharma Junior College, Ahmednagar
HSC with 80.33%

 2012

New English School Shrirampur, Ahmednagar
SSC with 74.91%

 2010

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Ms Office, Tally ERP 9.0, Phoenix, Oracle, Outlook.

PERSONAL STRENGTHS

A) Quick Learning adaptability and loyalty are my greatest assets. 
 B) A self-confident person who believes in smart and hard work.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Date of Birth : 08/07/1995

Marital Status : Single

Nationality : Indian

Known Languages : English, Hindi, Marathi

Hobby : • Reading Novels ( Romantic & fictional ) • Watching movies and Cartoons.


