









































	Hiranmoy Das

	Ballymore, Kalitala, P.O + D.T
 Hooghly. West Bengal -712103
                                                                                                                    Email: hiranmoydas63@gmail.com


Contact: 07709948462
	Objective

	· To contribute towards the organization’s goals and establish myself as a key contributor.


	Experience

	Wipro Technologies                        Instructional Designer                          Oct 2010 – Till Date

	Instructional Designer

	· Projects worked in :
· ORIGIN ENERGY RETAIL

Origin is one of the largest electricity suppliers in the Australian market. Project covers developing learning material for SAP training. 
Duration: October 1st 2010 to March 30th 2011
Role: Content Writer 

Responsibilities: Creating Content Outlines, PowerPoint Presentation, Instructor Guide, Editing Simulation, Collecting information from the BPDD’s, Interacting with the SME’s, Listing the steps and making the process precise and clear.
Tools used: RWD UPerform
Skills Set: MS Office

· HARMAN INTERNATIONAL INDUSTRIES INC

Harman is one of the biggest manufacturers of audio appliances in the US market. Project covers developing learning material for SAP training.
Duration: April 10th 2011 to June 24th 2011
Role: Content Writer 

Responsibilities: Creating PowerPoint Presentation, Instructor Guide, Editing Simulation.

Tools used: Adobe Captivate

Skills Set: MS Office

· TRU ENERGY
Tru Energy is one of the largest electricity suppliers in the Australian market. Project covers developing learning material for MDMS training.
Duration: July 15th 2011 to September 23rd 2011
Role: Content Writer 

Responsibilities: Creating PowerPoint Presentation, Instructor Guide, Quick reference guide, Exercises, Editing Simulation, Gathering information from the BPDD’s, Interacting with the SME’s, Listing the steps and making the process precise and clear.
Tools used: Adobe Captivate 

Skills Set: MS Office

Wipro BPO                                         Data Analyst                                      Feb 2008 – Oct 2010

	Data Analyst for BT Process

	· Worked as a Call Analyst in Wipro (British Telecom) 

· Analyzed data for compliance checks
· Analyzed the team's performance and took appropriate measures to enhance it
· Troubleshooting connectivity issues for wired and wireless ISPs

· Troubleshooting modems ,routers, and configured VOIP set ups 

· Installing and troubleshooting antivirus software

· Familiar with Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7


	Education

	· Bachelor of Arts from Burdwan University (WB)

· HSC from West Bengal Board Of Higher Secondary Education

· SSC from West Bengal Board Of Secondary Education


	Personal Details

	Date of Birth
	August 4, 1982

	Marital Status
	Unmarried

	Languages
	English, Bengali, and Hindi

	Hobbies
	Trekking, listening to music, and playing computer games


I do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Pune

Hiranmoy Das

