













































RANGA PRASANTH KUMAR                    prasanthkumar.ranga@gmail.com
+91-8142192195
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
	•	To acquire a rewarding and responsible position in a growth oriented company where excellent analytical and technical skills can help to improves company profitability.

SUMMARY:
• 1.7 years of experience in object-oriented programming, Java development and integration      of scalable, multi-tier distributed enterprise business applications.
• Strong knowledge in working with MVC architecture using Struts Framework.
• Hands on experience in developing enterprise applications using Struts2 Frame work.
• Good knowledge in working with Hibernate, Struts and Web Services.
• Ability to learn new technologies and to adapt to new environments.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Programming language	: Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, JSTL
Databases			: My SQL,Oracle.
Frameworks		: Struts 1, Struts2 & Hibernate.
IDE			: Eclipse, My eclipse.
Version control		: CVS, GitLab
Web Server		: Apache-Tomcat 6 and Apache-Tomcat7.
Application Servers	: Web sphere.
Web Technologies	: Bootstrap, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, Html, Json  
Web Services		: SOAP, REST.
Build Tool		: Maven 
Platforms			: Windows.

PROFFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:
	•	Working as a Junior Software engineer in SutiSoft Pvt.Ltd, Hyderabad from July2016 to Till Date
	•	Worked as Trainee consultant at Incresol Software Services Pvt.Ltd, Hyderabad from Dec2015 to May 2016.

PROJECT:
Project name: My Travel Portal
Technologies: Struts, Hibernate, Web Services, MySQL, JQuery, Ajax, HTML, XML
Team Size: 10	




Project Description:
My Travel portal is travel agency software that automates the entire travel management process. It has been designed to meet the day–to-day needs of travel agents and travel management companies of any size. It eliminates the technology breaches by providing cost-effective, powerful, and easy-to-use platform to book, create, integrate, manage and distribute travel inventory. The system is incorporated with powerful tools that enable travel agencies to manage reservations, suppliers, sub agencies, mark-ups, funds, commissions, make online payments and more from a centralized platform. It helps travel agencies focus more on core business without booking administration and technology agitations. It centralizes commissioning & billing system and informs special offers, discounts and holiday packages. Its back office system manages air, car, hotel, cruise and other travel activities. Integrated payment gateways make secure online payments.
Roles & Responsibilities:	
	•	Involved in Integrating Hotels. 
	•	Involved in writing Service calls for Mobile App.
	•	Involved in integration of client web sites (Responsive Designs).
	•	Involved in  analyzing and implementation of new functionalities given by clients like 
Cruises, Holidays, Umrah Packages and Customized Hotels.
	•	Involved in resolving bugs identified in testing phase.
ACADEMIC PROFILE:
	•	2010-14 B.Tech with Electrical Engineering  from Sri Venkateswara Institute Of Technology, Anantapur with 76.31%.(Aggregate)
SKILLS:
Programming Languages	: Java.
Frameworks			: Struts, Hibernate, Spring.
Web Programming Skills	: JSP, Servlet, Javascript, Ajax, Html, CSS.
Database				: MYSQL, Oracle.
Scripts				: JavaScript
Tools				: Eclipse, My eclipse.






 PERSONAL DETAILS:
    Name                              	  	: Ranga Prasanth Kumar
    Date of Birth			: 16 March, 1993
    Sex				: Male.
    Marital Status			: Single.
    Languages Known		: English, Telugu and Kannada.
    Nationality			: Indian.
    Contact Number			: 8142192195
    Email id				: prasanthkumar.ranga@gmail.com
    
 DECLARATION:
                 I am confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:   
Place:   Hyderabad                                                                  (Prasanth Kumar Ranga)
