












































RESUME

SANDEEP KUMAR VUCHULA
Contact No: +91-9205115980, Email Id: sandy.aero93@gmail.com

Objective
To pursue my career in a better way and to utilize my knowledge to explore in various ways and sharpen my skills to achieve parallel growth as an individual while growing as a professional and I’m the one who always strives to fulfill the organizational goals. 
Career Goals

· I want a challenging job that encourages the creativity and provide exposure to new technology.

· I want to be successful in all of my endeavors in life, but the success should not be measured in terms of wealth and position but in terms of work satisfaction.

Educational Qualifications
	Course

	Alumni
	Affiliation
	Passing Out
	 Percentage
secured

	B.tech (Aeronautical Engineering)
	MLR Institute of Technology.
	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad
	2015
	66%

	Intermediate (M.P.C)
	Sri Gowthami Junior College.
	Board of Intermediate Education, Andhrapradesh
	2011
	81%

	SSC
	Nava Jyothi High School.
	Board of Secondary Education, Andhrapradesh
	2009
	86%


Software Exposure and Technical Interest:
· Programming Language’s
: C - Basic
· Designing Software’s
: Catia V5, Ansys, CFD 
· Operating Systems
: Windows 7, Windows XP, MS –Office,Excel
· Technical Interest
: Production Technology, Aerodynamic and Structures
Professional Experience:
· Working as an Associate Analyst in GlobalLogic Technologies Ltd, Gurugram since July 2016 to till date.

· Holding the responsibilities of reaching the targets per TAT and maintaining the accurate data in the spreadsheets. Monitoring the Quality dashboards and submitting to the Lead management in given timelines.
Extra-Curricular activities:
· Participated in a workshop on “Modern Trends in Navigation Systems” jointly organized by Aeronautical Society of India.
· Participated in a workshop on "Manufacture of Chemical Rocket" conducted by Aerotrix.
· Participated and got merit in many paper presentations, technical & non- technical events conducted at school and college level competitions.
· Participated and got merit in sports conducted at school and college level competitions.
· Participated in "25k cycling" conducted by TAF (Atlanta Foundation).
Key strengths:
· Quick in adapting new technologies

· Flexible to any kind of environment

· Hard working and sincere

· Positive mind-set with self-motivation
Personal Profile:     
Father Name             
: James Vuchula
Mother Name 

: Mariyamma Vuchula
Date of Birth

: 15-Jul-1993
Nationality

: Indian

Linguist in

: Hindi, English, Telugu.
Loves to                
: Play Sports and going on Adventure Trips   
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge.             
Date:

Place:










Name: Sandeep Vuchula                                                                                     
