










































 RESUME 

 

Name                          :  Jeena Mariam Saji 

Email Address :  jeenamariamsaji@gmail.com 

Contact  :  7798197715 

Career Objectives     : To acquire a challenging career where I can make positive contribution to 

your company, and enhance my skills as a Software Professional. 

 

Professional Summary: 

 

Have 1.10 years of professional software development experience. Worked for the development 

of Antivirus and Malware Analysis where I have hands on experience in SQL Queries as well as 

in software design and development. Have experience in areas of Microsoft Business 

Intelligence (MSBI) where SSIS is used in Malware Analysis. 

• Hands on experience in SQL Scripting using Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012. 

• Highly motivated, quick learner and versatile. Have good knowledge about the over-all 

flow of the project. 

• Good knowledge on Sub Queries, Joins, Set Operations and Stored Procedures.  

• Well versed with the concepts of SSAS. 

Work Experience: 

• Working as Software Developer with Welkin IT Services, from May 2016 till date. 

Projects: 

 

WardWiz Antivirus (for WardWiz Deutschland at Welkin IT Services) 

• Duration: May 2016 till date 

• Domain: Product Development, Malware Analysis 

• Summary: 

➢ WardWiz provides system essential tools along with antivirus to customers for 

complete protection of PCs from malware, virus, ransomware and other variants.  

➢ There’s a provision to view the reports that is associated with scanning and other 

operations for which MS SQL Server 2008/2012 was used for creating and 

managing the database. 



➢ Analysis of samples are also done for maintaining a database and report of 

malwares which is done using SSIS. 

➢ It also provides tools for optimization of computers with the help of registry 

optimizer and temp file cleaner.  

➢ It also provides a tool for data encryption where users can encrypt their data using 

a password.  

• Technologies  : MS SQL SERVER 2012, VC++, HTML5, TiScript 

• Project Role  : Software Developer 

• Modules  : Reports, Custom Scan, Downloader, UI Design, Tray Pop-Up,   

Adware Cleaner, Scheduled Scan 

• Key Deliverables : 

o Knowledge Transfer: 

➢ Detailed study of requirement document to understand the 

requirement. 

➢ Go through the test cases to understand the testing scenarios 

better. 

➢ Finalize the flow that is to be implemented that would be optimal. 

o Development: 

➢ Create database for the module the execute queries to insert and 

fetch data using SQL. 

➢ Analyze samples for Malware Analysis using SSIS. 

➢ Design UI, implementation for backend as well as front end and 

mapping them. 

o Testing: 

➢ Test with test cases in unit level as well as integrated. 

o Documentation: 

➢ Created documents on the flow of the project, and about the new 

implementations. 

Educational Qualification: 

 

Sr. No. Qualification Percentage University 

1. Fourth Year in BE 

Computer 

69.04 Savitribai Phule Pune University 

2. Third Year in BE Computer 

 

64.20 Savitribai Phule Pune University 

3. Second Year in BE 

Computer 

57.53 Savitribai Phule Pune University 

4. First Year in BE Computer  49.07 

 

Savitribai Phule Pune University 

 Aggregate 60.40 %  



5. HSC 74.50 

 

Maharashtra State Board of 

Secondary Education 

6. SSC 80.92 Maharashtra State Board of 

Secondary Education 
 

 

Seminars and Projects: 
 
 

 

 

B.E Final Year Project: 

 

Title: Advancement in personalized web search engine with customized privacy protection 

Description: Creation of Web Search Engine with privacy protection and enhancing search by 

retrieving results based on profile of the user. 

 

T.E. Semester II: SEMINAR 

 

7 seminars were given to TE COMP students on Data Analytics and Business Intelligence at 

I2IT, Pune. 

 

T.E. Semester I: Mini Project (Showroom management system) 

 

Application Based on database SQL, MYSQL. 

Aim was to store, insert and manipulate all data in showroom management system. 

 

HSC I.T Project  

 

Web designing project based on HTML. 

 

Certifications: 

 

Microsoft Certification: HTML5 

 

Barclays Certification: Barclays Life Skills Training 
 

Extra-Curricular Activities and Achievements: 

 

 

• Assembling of Computers and Installing Operating Systems. 

• Achieved Gold medal in national level Scholarship exam 

• Worked as House Head and Class Monitor from 7th std - 10th std 



• Achieved Gold medal in district level Singing Competitions. 

• Attended Workshop on 'IBM- Bluemix' by Mr. Y.Chintam (IBM).  

• Reading inspirational books 

• Composing Songs, Singing, Listening Music, Learning Music 

• Poetry, Script Writing and Direction of Documentaries 

• Practicing Yoga, Meditation.  

 

 

Personal Details: 

 

• Name                : Jeena Mariam Saji 

• Date of Birth      : January 14, 1994 

• Address  : Flat No- 4, 248/2, Sajan Building, Sudarshan Nagar, Chinchwad, 
Pune 

• Gender   : Female 

• Nationality  : Indian 

• Languages known : English, Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam 
 

   


