














































 

 

 

G. SHARATH CHANDRA SHARMA 

 

                                                                                                                      Contact No:  +91-9441518912  

                             E-mail: 421sharath@gmail.com 

 

 

Career Objective: 

 

To pursue a professional career in an organization wherein I can utilize and implement my 

theoretical concepts and practical knowledge for self-development and the organization served. Constantly 

grow within the company, acquire specific skills at each level and give my best efforts to work for overall 

stability and prosperity of the company. 

 

Experience: 
 

 Worked 2.6 years for 3i InfoTech as Technical support associate Engineer. 

Company : 3I infotech consultancy services limited 

Designation : Associate Engineer  

Client  : Hero Motocorp Ltd 

Project  : DMS Helpdesk Support 

Location : Gurgaon New Delhi 

Duration :  2016 to 2018 

 Worked 1.2 years for Magnum Networks Support Pvt. Ltd as Trainee Engineer. 

Company : Magnum Networks Support Pvt. Ltd. 

Designation : Trainee Engineer 

Client  : BSNL  

Project  : Network Support 

Location : Karnataka/AP 

Duration :  2015 to 2016 

 

Summary of Experience: 

Regular duties and responsibilities: 

 Responding to queries via chat, email, or phone 

 Providing technical assistance for questions and problems 

 Resolving problems with networks and other computer systems Diagnosing system errors 

and other issues customer/Dealer side  

 Following up with Dealers/customers to ensure full resolution of issues 

 Remotely accessing hardware or software for Dealers to make changes and fix problems 

 Running reports to analyze common complaints and problems 

 Requesting feedback and/or monitoring calls and other methods of correspondence to 

improve training methods. 



 

 

 

Academic Profile: 
 

 

 B.Tech in Electronic and Communication Engineering from Medak Engineering 

College,Siddipet. 

 Intermediate MPC from Pratibha joiner College,Siddipet . 

 SSC from Gurunatha  High School,Siddipet. 

Technical Skills: 
 

 Programming Languages  :   C, python basic level  

 Operating Systems             :   Windows 

 Software Packages             :  MS Office 

 Hardware Skills                 :  Installation, Assembling & trouble shooting 
 

 P.G.D.C.A (Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications) 

Personal Skills: 

 Analytical and conceptual skills. 

 Comprehensive problem solving abilities. 

 Ability to deal with people diplomatically. 
 Willingness to learn team facilitator hard worker. 

Hobbies: 

  Reading Books 

 Playing Bosket boll & Chess 

 Watching TV, Listening Music  

Personal Details: 

                       Name                :   G.Sharath chandra sharma 

                     Father’s Name  :   G.Ravishankar Sharma 

             Date of Birth  :   17
th
 March, 1991 

Nationality  :   Indian 

 Languages Known          :   English, Telugu & Hindi 

 Gender                            :  Male 

  Marital Status                 :   Single 

              Address   :   H.No:14-172, Savithri Neelayam    

        PrashanthNagar, Maruthi nagar,    

                     Mdl:Siddipet, Dist: Siddipet,     
                     Pin code: 502103, TS. 

Declaration: 

             I hereby affirm that the above given information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

                                                                             

                                                                                                            (G. SHARATHCHANDRA SHARMA) 


	G. SHARATH CHANDRA SHARMA
	Name                :   G.Sharath chandra sharma
	Father’s Name  :   G.Ravishankar Sharma

