


































Resume_Mounika_updated.docx.docx

Mr B.Vamshi Krishna Goud
Bachelor of Technology 
Electronics and Communication Engineering 
CMR Technical Campus
Email ID: kittu5511@gmail.com
Phone no: +91 9490900715

Objective:
To make a successful career in consulting in a dynamic and progressive organization and contribute to the company’s objective and growth of my career.

Professional Experience:
Amazon Development Centre (India) Pvt. Ltd. Hyderabad
Role – Virtual Operations Technical Support (Global First Responders) International phones
Experience - March 2017 – Present
· Providing support for Amazon Global VCS (WFH) Employee's with Chromebooks.
· Proficient in handling escalated calls and providing 1st & 2nd Level Technical Support to end-users.
· Troubleshooting softphone and Amazon Internal website's and tools.
· Troubleshooting Network and Wireless connection issues.
· Handling issues related to Outlook, VPN's and educating them whenever needed.
· Microsoft Outlook, Outlook Express configuration, backup, troubleshooting.
· Troubleshooting issues related to Software, Hardware and External devices connected to the Chromebook.
· Maintaining AHT, ACW as per skill goal and FCR to make sure issue is resolved on the first call.
· Follow up with the pending tickets to ensure issue is resolved and to maintain good rapport with CSA's by making Outbound calls.
· Identifying severe issues and Escalating them to appropriate team.
· Updating all the information on the Ticketing tool.







Knoah Soluions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad
Role – IT Technical Support(chat & e-mail)
Experience - August 2015 – Febraury 2017.
· Providing end users support for desktops, laptops, chromebooks, printers, Wi-Fi and carrier tablets, smart phones , digital  cameras and many more.
· Handling 80 chats per day on an average with the chat concurrency of three.
· Provided the Remote support & Net meeting support using following software Team Viewer, VNC Server, Ammyy Remote Software, Remote Desktop.
· Providing assistance to the customers looking for placing orders, filing complaints, replacing products, refunds, installation, and other issues.
· Installing, troubleshooting software and hardware issues. 
· Troubleshooting Network and Wireless connection issues.
· Installation & Configuration of Network printers & Scanner and its basic level of troubleshooting.
· Extensive knowledge of troubleshooting OS, hardware, and network related problems.
· Updating daily status to concerned TL/Manager by e-mail and In person.

AWARD (BRAVO):

· 2015-16: Award of appreciation for exceptional performance.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
	Operating systems
	Windows 10/8/7/XP/NT/2000/98/95, Mac, Chrome OS.

	Remote Management
	Terminal Services.

	Tools
	MS-Office, Remote Desktop Connection, Team viewer, Remote support tool.

	Hardware
	Fault Diagnosis & Troubleshooting Errors, 
Assembling of Pc’s, Re-imaging.







Academic Qualifications:

	Year
	Degree
	University
	College/school
	Aggregate

	2015
	B-TECH in ECE
	JNTUH
	CMR Technical Campus
	62.35%

	2011
	Class XII
	Board of Intermediate
	Sai Chaitanya junior college
	83.5%

	2009
	CLASS X
	SSC
	Childrens high
School
	75.5%



Personal Details:
Father name            	: Gnaneshwar Goud
Gender                     		: Male
Nationality               	: Indian
Marital status          	: Single
Language known     	: English, Telugu, Hindi (Read, Write & Speak)

DECLARATION:
      I hereby declare that the information provided above is true and authentic to best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Hyderabad		
Date: 
  B. Vamshi Krishna Goud				
2 | Page

