
















































A.Upendhar,                                                       	                                           upendhar4@gmail.com                
44-37 Bheerappa Nagar,                                                                                            +91-9949792418
Jagadgirigutta-Hyderabad



        .NET DEVELOPER
Seeking challenging & rewarding opportunities across the industry 


CAREER OBJECTIVE
                                     Seeking a position to utilize my technical, functional and communication skill in the Information Technology Organization that offers Professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible


PROFILE & STRENGTHS

· Having 3 Years of experience in coding, development and implementation of projects using Microsoft technologies.
· Proactive & result oriented software professional accented with the latest trends and techniques of the field, having an inborn team work spirit, determined to carve a successful career.
· Working experience on Object Oriented Methodology; excellent knowledge on .NET Technologies: ASP.Net MVC 4.0, 5.0, C#.Net, Web Services,Web API.
· Middle-Ware: Having Knowledge on ADO.Net, and Dapper, Three Tier architecture with Ado.Net or Dapper.
· Experience in SQL Server2012 writing stored procedures and Complex queries, functions.
· Client Side technologies : Java Script , JQuery ,  having Knowledge on HTML and CSS
· Good knowledge on hosting website, Services, Task Scheduler based console applications.
· Highly motivated, enthusiastic & thorough professional, with capabilities of working on own initiative with a systematic approach & a single-minded dedication towards the task at hand. Skilled in Object Oriented Concepts & Programming. 
· Ability to learn & develop using new technologies quickly.



EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS

· B.Tech (ECE), 2009-2013, Vidya Bharati Institute of Technology at Pembarthi,Jangaon.


TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Languages	C#
Web technologies 		ASP.NET, Web Services, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery.
Design Patterns			MVC 4.0, 5.0
ORM				LINQ, Dapper.
EDI Tool			Microsoft Visual Studio.
DBMS				SQL Server 2008R2, 2012.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
· Working as Software Engineer in Seanergy Consulting Services Pvt Ltd., Hyderabad August 2014 to till date.




PROJECT SUMMARY:

Project 1:

Title					 : 	Pegasus Web Portal
Client					 :         Pegasus Logistics Group,
Environment			:         ASP.NET MVC 4.0, C#.NET,WeAPI
Backend 			:         SQL Server 2012
Role				:         Developer

Description

Pegasus Web Portal provides a comprehensive suite of services, products and support to help solve even the most complex logistics challenges in the US domestic market.

Contribution:

As a team member, was responsible for
            1. Writing business logic
            2. Involved in designing UI using Html5 and Jquery.
            3. Used MVC4 Framework, the Business and Data Access Layers..
4. Involved in coding and unit testing.

Project 2:

Title					 : 	Onicx Energy
Client					 :         Onicx Energy,
Environment			:         MVC 4.0 (View Engine), C#.NET
Backend 			:         SQL Server 2012
Role				:         Developer

Description
                        It’s a total energy solutions company. With a full range of services and more than 60 years of combined experience, Onicx Energy helps increase net operating income by
optimizing energy efficiency by providing the full range of lighting solutions and support to
the customers analyzing the establishment and maintenance cost when compared to traditional
lights. It provides services replace the existing traditional lighting system with their wide range
of LED products..


Contribution:

As a team member, was responsible for
            1. Analysing the Application and coding
            2. Writing the services using  BL, DAL and implementing web pages using MVC 4.0
            3. Used Dapper in Connecting to Data Access Management with Sql Server 2008R2

Project 3:

Title					: 	UGetHelp 
Client					:          Seanergy,
Environment		                        :          ASP.Net MVC4.0, C#.NET, Web API,                      				                       ADO.Net,SQL Server
Role 		                             :          Developer

Description
                              UGetHelp is a secure portal for apartment/Gated Communities/Societies/Villas to Manage day to day operations efficiently.Each resident can get help instantly through efficient communication channel was built in the portal.This product will help the residents to get the day by day information regarding the Notice, Event, Ticket, Maintenance Invoice,,Maintenance Receipt,Forum,Photo gallery and Visitors through the email and SMS.
Contribution:
As a team member, was responsible for
            1.  Analysing the Application and coding using MVC 4.0, C#.Net
            2.  Writing the stored procedures, queries for functionality using SQL server.            
            3.  Involved in 3-layered architecture coding




PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Father Name			:	Venkat Narayana.
Mother Name			:	Venkatamma.
Date of Birth			:	08th May 1992
Marital Status			:	Single
Nationality			:	Indian
Permanent Address		:	Maripadiga, Gundala(Mandal),
Jangaon District, T.S, Pin:508101.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Hyderabad
Date:                                                                                            	 (A.Upendhar)

