












































PRASENJIT CHAUDHURI

PRASENJIT CHAUDHURI

Mobile No. : 09064192291/ 08759413334                               

            E-mail -  psmplx@gmail.com
Objective:
Looking for a suitable job in IT industry. 
Profile:

Technical troubleshooting skills in Linux environment. More than 3 years of experience in Linux Desktop support and 3 year experience in Server Administration and Maintenance Services. I’ve overall 9 years of experience in the IT field. 

Professional Experience:

System Support Engineer(Oct’2007- April’2014)
Simplex Infrastructures Limited

Roles and responsibilities:

· Performs installation and services of Personal Computers.

· Administers computer related services such as troubleshooting of PC Hardware
 and Software and Network Equipment.

· Installation and Configuration of ERP system in Linux & Windows machines at office and all sites .
· Installing printers and scanners in systems.

· Giving support to users through phone and email.
· Responsible for all IT decision making, support and administration at a site of more than 120 demanding users in a fast paced architectural and engineering environment.

· Keeping all records of computer Asset Masters & network devices.

· Cabling (straight, cross) in office building.

System Support Engineer(Nov’2014-Till the date)

Manufacturing Automation and Software Solution (MASS)

Roles and responsibilities:

Operating System: 
Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Suse Linux Enterprise Server
User Management: 
Good understanding in user, group administration and file permissions.

Having knowledge on Logical Volume Manager(LVM), Swap partition. 
Providing extra privileges and limiting user privileges by configuring su, sudo, quota . 
Softwares: Package installation through red hat package manager, YUM repositories. 
Having experience in file system backup and restore activities using tar, rsync 
Having knowledge on rsyslog and logrotate. Scheduling tasks using cron 
Process and Daemons: Monitoring and controlling system services and user process using various tools. 
Monitoring: Monitoring system performance using various tools like ps, top,iostat, vmstat, free,  etc. 
Networking: Configuring network and troubleshooting all network related issues . 
Have basic knowledge in  DHCP, DNS, NFS,LDAP,FTP, APACHE web server, SAMBA server.
Remote: Experience in remote server administration tools like SSH. 
Having basic knowledge of Clustering on RedHat Linux and SLES. 
Having basic experience of installing Vmware Esxi server and virtual machines .
Having experience in CA Service Desk Management and CA Spectrum, Netiq Sentinel.
Experience in installation of IDM Server,PAM Server Agent of NetIQ IDM application software. Creating Rules, Host Group, User Group in Privilege Account Manager, Creating Roles and Resources in IDM, Search object in Fanout configuration etc.
Educational Qualification:
· Passed B.Tech (C.S.E) in the year of 2007 from Asansol Engineering College. 

· Passed H.S Examination in the year of 2003 from Burnpur Boys High School.

· Passed Secondary Examination in the year of 2001 from Asansol Ramakrishna Mission High School.
· RHCE and RHCSA in the year 2014 , CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 140-230-632
Personal Details:

· Father’s Name

:
Prodyut Chowdhury
· Date of Birth

:
24-11-1984 

· Sex



:
Male
· Marital Status

:
Single

· Languages Known
:
Bengali, Hindi & English

· Hobbies


:
Painting, poetry
· Permanent Address
:
Mrinalini Apartment





Flat No:c-4,Puranhat





P.O-Burnpur, Dist.-Burdwan





West Bengal





PIN-713325





Cont. 9434390822
Date:









…………………………………………..

Place:









      Prasenjit Chaudhuri
