




























































Name		: Rakesh Jakka
Email		: jakkarakesh23@gmail.com
Contact	: 9030-588-574


To be the best in whatever I believe and do has been my motto.

Professional Experience:

1. Worked in Utilities domain of SAP environment for "National Grid Project" as a Project Engineer for SAP Monitoring Team which includes error monitoring and activities of SAP ERP, SAP PM inbound and outbound queues, SAP Basis health checks, SAP BI Alerts and Process Chain Monitoring, BCM Portal logs health checks, RFCJCAPS and Cosmos health checks every hour and two other third party systems of CLICK & SYCLO server systems.

Duration		                 : March ’15 to till date.
Project	                 : National Grid (SDTP-SS-UK-ERP)
Client                                      : National Grid, UK.
Technologies Component          : EHP7 FOR SAP ERP 6.0
SDTP-SS-UK-ERP is a shared service project which is majorly responsible in delivering the business activities of Gas Distribution Front Office (GDFO) of National Grid UK.

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
· Monitoring of the Work Order flow from end to end Business process in SAP.
· Handling tickets and providing the timely solutions to respective functional team.
· Preparing of reports on daily basis. Having timely communications with business users in delivering the work orders on time.
· Maintaining repository of the Error Monitoring Team.
· Monitoring PR0 and PIS systems and also monitoring SAP PM Inbound and outbound queues especially Emergency queues round the clock and taking appropriate actions like processing the work order from the queue, debugging and making necessary changes and following up with the internal teams(SAP PM, SAP Basis, SAP SRM, Click portal, Syclo servers) and end users.
· Monitoring housekeeping jobs along with SCOT/SOST.
· Scheduling jobs such as early watch sessions and Monitoring PMO system(SYCLO server) and route to the respective teams upon getting critical alerts.
· Monitoring SAP BI alerts and process chains along with BCM portal logs and COSMOS/RFCJCAPS alerts.
· Involved in the business for continuous improvement in automation and was much appreciated by the management and also appreciated for the best support and resolutions given to the end users.

2. Worked as a Senior Risk Analyst for the Client Google.

Duration		: Jan ‘14 to Feb ‘15
Process	: Transaction Risk Management System – Semi Voice process.

Responsibilities:

· Was assigned to a vertical called “Ashbury – physical goods”
· Monitoring all transactions made using Google Wallet to purchase apps and in apps
· Ensuring the authenticity of the transaction made by checking if the customer is genuine or fraudulent.
· Using the latest technology and the tools  provided by Google to the fullest to reduce the risk rate by checking online presence, apps and in apps purchase history, IP traces, dollar value in all possible ways and then releasing the transaction
· Collaborating with Googlers globally through video conference on new updates in reviewing accounts, discussing updates with regards to high risk apps and sharing it to team instantly.
· Based on the priority assisting customers technically (windows related)

Educational Qualification:

	Degree
	Institution
	Board
	Percentage

	B. Tech (ECE)
	Sri Indu college of Engineering and Technology
	JNTUH
	63.70

	Diploma
	TRR College
	SBTET
	73.65

	SSC
	St Augustine High School
	SSC
	73.66



Technical Skills:

· Basic programming languages.
· SAP Business Warehouse.


Personal Details:

DOB			: 23-04-1991
Father’s name	: J Narender
Marital Status	: Single
Address		: H. No 3-4-59/6/A, Aravind Nagar,
			  Ramanthapur, Hyderabad.


Rakesh Jakka.


Sensitivity: Internal & Restricted

