











































Resume - Surendra Kushwaha

Guru Prasad. J
      Ph: (+91) 9677298131     


     E-mail:  ronaldo5300@gmail.com

       

           

Summary: 

· Result oriented professional with 5+ years of experience in development of web based applications using Java/ J2EE technologies.

· Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in WIPRO Technologies and currently working with HCL Technologies.
· Working knowledge in Core Java.
· Working knowledge in Javascript, Jquery, CSS
· Working knowledge in Spring Framework.

· Knowledge in SOAP Web Service
· Knowledge in Hibernate Framework

· Expertise in full project life cycle development for implementation and integration with deep understanding of technology focused on delivering business solutions.

· Good Insurance domain understanding, as worked for around 3.5+ years, with US based & Australian based Insurance client

· Good communication skills coupled with rich experience in interaction with clients.
	Skills

	Programming Languages
	Java

	Framework
	JSF, Spring, Hibernate

	Middleware
	Weblogic,Apache Tomcat

	XML/HTML
	XML, HTML, CSS

	Scripts
	 JavaScript,jQuery,

	IDE
	Eclipse

	Build Tool
	Apache Ant

	Source Control/ Tools
	Tortoise SubVersion(SVN), Beyond-Compare

	Database and tools
	Oracle, TOAD


	Professional Experience

	Currently working as Senior Developer in HCL Technologies from March 2017 to till date.

Worked as a Senior Software Engineer in WIPRO Technologies from July 2012 to March 2017
Job Profile: Java-J2EE Developer L-3.1


	Education

	2007
	S.S.L.C
	S.S.M. School, Bangalore
	89%

	2007-2009
	P.U.C (PCME)
	P.E.S PU College, Bangalore
	63%

	2009-2012
	B.C.A
	 Surana College, Bangalore
	68.4%

	2012-2016
	M.S (Software Engineering) – Distance Education. As part of WIPRO’s 4 year WASE Program
	Birla Institute of Technology, Pilani
	6.88 CGPA


	PROJECT DESCRIPTIONS


	                                                          1.  Standard Chartered Bank (Scope International)

	Company
	HCL Technologies

	Client
	Standard Chartered Bank

	Applications
	· theBridge (JIVE)

	Team size
	5

	Skills
	 Java, Javascript, HTML

	Project Description
	theBridge is a web based application similar to Microsoft’s SharePoint, which is being used by the employees of the bank and serve as a common platform to share ideas, colloborate with each other, post latest Announcements/ Acquisitions.


	Responsibilities
	· Build Add-ons
· Bug Fixing
· Production support activities
· Change Request Handling and co-ordination



	                                                          2.  ANZ Wealth

	Company
	WIPRO Technologies

	Client
	ANZ Bank, Australia

	Applications
	· Ebiz

	Team size
	8

	Skills
	 Java, Angular JS, RESTful services, SpringMVC, Hibernate

	Project Description
	Ebiz or Ebusiness application allows the Existing insurance holders/the Agents/ the Advisor to manage his/her/Client’s policy details with facilities like checking Policy Term, Payment Due Date, Make Policy Changes, Make Payments etc.


	Responsibilities
	· Code review, Bug fixing

· Unit testing and Integration testing
· Modify/Enhance the application according to the Client’s business requirements
· Fix bugs
· Database table updates
· Accept change requests and make changes to Home page Banners and layouts periodically
· Monitor Batch Jobs
· Incident Management


	3. The Hartford Grow

	Company
	WIPRO Technologies

	Client
	The Hartford

	Applications
	· Consumer – Universal Consumer Front End (UCFE 2.0)

	Team size
	9

	Skills
	 Java, J2EE, JSF, CSS, JQuery, Spring IOC, Hibernate, Jax-WS

	Project Description
	Universal consumer sales project delivers a robust, flexible and reusable internet presence, supporting consumer Quote, Issue and ultimately, Service, Billing and claims capability.

UCFE is a web based portal application which allows the customers to quote and issue auto policies online. The application is deployed in dedicated portal server instance. It facilitates AARP individuals and non – AARP individuals to get quotes and issue policies to the customers. It interfaces with PLA mainframe system.
 

	Responsibilities
	· Requirement analysis, Design, Implementation.

· Code Development.

· Worked in Java, JSF, CSS implementation.

· Code review, Bug fixing,

· Unit testing and Integration testing

· Skillsl used are Core Java , Java/J2EE, SQL, Toad , SVN Subversion Repository,  CSS, jQuery, Spring and JSF framework.



	4. Consumer Service Center

	Company
	WIPRO Technologies

	Client
	The Hartford

	Applications
	· CSC (Consumer Service Center)

	Team size
	9

	Skills
	 Java, J2EE, JSP, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Spring MVC, JPA, Jax-WS                                                                                     

	Project Description
	CSC application allows existing policy holder to make change amends in policy. User can pay bills and claim online using this application.

Consumer Service mainly deals with the existing AARP policies. Consumer service application is used by customers mainly to do policy/vehicle/driver level coverage changes on issued policies. Adding a vehicle, adding a driver, changing the Driver information, Changing vehicle/driver/policy level coverage, Policy Inquires, Requesting ID cards etc are the typical operations performed through this application.



	Responsibilities
	· Maintenance work – discretionary, non-discretionary enhancements.

· Worked in Core Java, Java/J2EE, SQL, SVN Subversion Repository, css, jQuery, Eclipse, Spring and JSF frameworks.
· Database table updates.


	5. Resource Co-ordinator Virtual Edition (RCVE)

	Company
	WIPRO Technologies

	Client
	Fujitsu

	Applications
	· RCVE

	Team size
	5

	Skills
	 C++, Ruby On Rails, HTML

	Project Description
	The RCVE application is responsible for handling the customer’s Blade Management Servers. 

This was completely hardware based application which was solely used for maintaining the health status of the Blade servers.

 

	Responsibilities
	· Bug Identification

· Fix critical defects and hand them over to development team

· Documentation

· 24/7 Production Support Activities


	Achievements

	· Got “Star Performer of the Release” Award from The Hartford Clients
· Got “Enhancements Champion” Award from The Hartford clients for extensive enhancement work and zero defects.

· Got multiple appreciations from Lead and Client for delivering discretionary enhancement works without a single defect and within the stipulated time.

· Unified Competency Framework (UCF) certified in Java/J2EE Level 2.1, a certification provided by Wipro Technologies

· Certified in TrendNXT assessments, a Technical competency assessments conducted by Wipro Technologies, in the following technologies:

· JQuery-L2

· HTML-L2

· Core Java-L2

· JavaScript-L2

· Hibernate-L1

· Ruby On Rails-L1


	Personal Details

	Full Name
	Guru Prasad Jagannathan

	Father’s Name
	Jagannathan. G

	Sex
	Male

	Marital Status
	Married

	Nationality
	Indian

	Interests
	Road Trips, Reading Books, Socializing

	Permanent Address
	#42, 9th Cross, 3rd Block, Thyagaraja Nagar, Bangalore-560028, India

	Phone Number
	+91-9677298131

	Date Of Birth
	12th of October 1991


Declaration:



                       I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
2

