















































 

 



             CURRICULAM VITAE

                                                                       





               RAKESH SANWALOT
Door No.17, 1st Floor,

21st Cross, Cubbonpet,

Bangalore – 560 002.

Call – 98440 34640



       
To be associated with a progressive organization that gives a scope to apply my knowledge and skills.


B.Com in 2008, securing 62%

Bangalore University 

Adarsh College,B’lore
Pre University in 2005, securing 72%

Adarsh College,B’lore


Office Automation Tools

: 
MS Office, Internet Browsing, Tally (tally4.5, 7.2,  

                                                                        9ERP and familiar with SAP Business One)
Operating Systems


: 
MS DOS, Windows


Firm: B.L.JAIN ASSOCIATES (CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS)
Duration: For 2 yr. (Part Time) (Mar 2006 to Nov 2008)
Job Profile: Accounts Assistant

Job Responsibilities: 

· Maintaining various books of accounts like Purchase Book, Sales Book Daily Expenses.

· Bank Reconciliation.

· Stock verification and reconciliation on weekly.

· Submitting the monthly service tax file to sales tax office.

· Preparing the Final accounts, Balance Sheet, Filing the tax return for the year.  


Firm: MUKESH ENTERPRISE, (TEXTILE & HANDLOOM FIRM) 

Duration: 9 months- (Dec 2008 to Sep 2009)
Job Profile: Accountant

Job Responsibilities: 

· Preparation of final Accounts.

· Audit Report generation.

· Verifications of books of Account.

· Invoice entry into the system.

· Filing Tax returns.


Organization: Hewlett Packard (HP), WTR Bangalore.  

Duration:      since Feb 2010 till date. 
Job Profile: Process associate (P & G - Accounts Payable Department)

Job Responsibilities: 

· Coordinating with the Client to for the smooth functioning of the activities.

· Handling exceptions related to process, vendor queries and analysing discrepancy documents.

· Posting of the invoice in the SAP, with 2 methods (FI & MM).

· Invoice posted for these countries- Belgium, Netherlands, France, Germany, Italy, & UK. 

· Reversal & Corrections of the invoices based on the errors.

· Handling Customer queries & escalations.
· Quality check of rejected invoices.
· Handing the Reversal & Corrections file on the weekly.

ACHIVEMENTS
· Been awarded as “Outstanding Achiever of the Quarter” Dec-2010.

· Received appreciation mails from customers.


Email ID


:
sane4123@yahoo.co.in
Languages Known

:
Kannada, English & Hindi.

Marital Status

:
Single.

Date of Birth


:
6th November 1986


Hobbies

                 :
Making Friends, playing cricket, table tennis & going    

                                                             for long drives.  

.


I here by declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. If given a chance to work under your esteemed organization, I assure my best and honest service to your organization.

Place: Bangalore.

                                                                                                      [Rakesh Sanwalot]

Career Objectives:  



Work Experience:

 



Work Experience:

 



Personal Details: 



Educational Qualifications: 



Technical Skills: 





Declaration: 



Work Experience:



 











