














































Mohammed Faizan Khan
pharmacistfaizan@gmail.com 
(798) 737-2801.

Objective: To pursue career in organization where I can enhance as well as contribute my knowledge and 

Technical skills.

Key attributes:

 Safety Database handling.

 Good skills in MS Office Suite.

 Team player.

 Quick learner.

Experiences: 

 Presently working as Pharmacovigilance Officer in Wipro from November 2016 to till date.

 Worked as Pharmacist in Hayat Hospital from December 2014 to 0ctober 2016.

 Worked as Pharmacist in Satire Remedies from July 2010 to January 2012

Responsibilities:

As Pharmacovigilance officer in Wipro Ltd

 Preparation and submission of individual case safety reports to USFDA.

 Handling of adverse events, medical queries and product complaints spontaneously. 

 Data entry individual cases safety reports in Argus.

 Coding of adverse events using MedDRA. 

 Inconsistency check to prevent reverts.

 As Pharmacist in Hayat Hospital.

 Preparation of sales, purchase, stock, returns, and expenses reports using MS-Excel 2010.

 Provide advice on the dosage of medicines and the most appropriate form of Medication.

 Demonstration of various devices to patient and hospital staff.

 Participate in ward rounds to take patient drug histories.

 Discuss treatments with patient, patient’s relatives, and HCP’S.

As pharmacist in Satire Remedies.

 Make sure medicines are stored appropriately and securely.

 Check prescriptions to make sure there are no errors and that they're appropriate and safe for the 

individual patient.

 Answer questions about medicines, dosage forms and medical devices.

 Liaise with other medical staff on problems patients may experience when taking their medicines.



Qualifications:

 Master of Pharmacy from Rajiv Gandhi Technical University with Aggregate 75.6%. 

 Bachelor of Pharmacy from Rajiv Gandhi Technical University with Aggregate 70.2%. 

 Passed Diploma in Pharmacy from SardarVallabhBhai Polytechnic affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi 

Technical University with 62.75%.

Trainings:

 Four weeks industrial training at Lupin Limited,Mandideep, Bhopal.

 Six months internship training from Bhopal Memorial Hospital & Research Centre.

Projects:

 M. Pharmacy Project: Formulation and Characterization of Mucoadhesive Bilayered Tablet.

 B. Pharmacy Project: Study the effect of Air Pollution on the health of the people.

Computer proficiency:

 Completed Diploma in Computer Application & Multilingual D.T.P Certification by 

D.O.E.A.C.C. with ‘Distinction’.

 Proficiency in computer, good command on operating systems XP, Windows7 and Windows 10.

 Proficiency in computer in Office Suite (Microsoft office, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint and 

Microsoft Outlook).

Languages:

 Completed Two years Diploma in functional Arabic with ‘Distinction’.

 Proficient in English, Arabic and Hindi.

Achievements:

 Stack topper for the month of October in Wipro. 

 Received GPAT fellowship from AICTE, New Delhi.

 Qualified GPAT organized by AICTE, New Delhi.

Extracurricular Activities:

 2nd prize in oral presentation in Pharmacon organized by R.G.C.P. in 2013.

 2nd prize in paper presentation in Renaissance organized by B.E.R.I. in 2009.

Personal Information:

 Father’s Name: Late Abdul Qayyum Khan.

 Mother Name: Rehana Khan.

 Date of Birth: 1st march 1985.

 Sex: Male.

 Hobbies: Playing Carrom and Reading books.

 Current Address: 78-A Saria Julena near Escorts Fortis Delhi 110025

 Permanent Address: G-7/22 North Tatya Tope Nagar Bhopal (M.P.) 462003 

Affirmation:

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Place: Delhi Mohammed Faizan Khan

https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=14&ved=0ahUKEwj01b25vtTYAhVKNo8KHV3_CQ0QFghkMA0&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wetfeet.com%2Farticles%2Fextracurricular-activities-on-your-resume&usg=AOvVaw3wLPb0Tcm0sPpB9nVJXzeg

