









































Gayathri K.S 

219, 1
st

  E Cross 3
rd

 Block HRBR Layout,Bangalore-560084Mob: +91-9742328870 Email: gayathrisubbukrishna@gmail.com 

Career Goal 

Experienced in end to end HR business processes and functioning of HR department. Looking forward to build a 
career in HR / Operations Management. I am a self-starter, motivated, independent and possess the ability to 

work with teams to create and deliver the best possible solutions for customers. 

Experience 

EMPLOYEE EXPERTS PVT LTD – BANGALORE 

Employee Experts is a Bangalore based Technology Company founded in 2011. It is a Global SaaS Platform focused 
on automating all employee related operations in a boundary –less manner on a single platform and enabling the 
Digital Transformation of the organization. 

 

Consultant-HR, November 2015 to July 2017 

I worked as a HR consultant. My responsibilities included:  

 Understanding the HR processes (On-Boarding, Induction, HR Transactions, Leave, Separation, HR 
Interface to Payroll). 

 Review existing policies, document them and present them to client management team. 

 Help smaller organizations create HR policies.  

 Requirements Gathering, Platform Configuration along with the Technical team and Testing.  

 

Key Achievements: 

 Have contributed to Byjus-Think and Learn Pvt.Ltd six fold growths in their Employee base in the last 9 
months and charted a new path based on their Original idea and cutting edge technology from the initial 
phase of gathering requirements to successful Implementation of the Product.  

 Worked with Practo Technologies Pvt Ltd in digitizing the operations and added transparency, speed, 
scalability & flexibility to support their dynamic business needs.  

 Worked closely with Interweave Consulting Pvt.Ltd as a Technical Partner in hosting the POSH Course on 
the Platform and providing support till the completion of the course. The focus was exclusively in the area 
of Diversity Management and Inclusion for the workplace.  

 Have been an integral part of data collection and re-designing the Learning Management System Module 
for Trianz- a Business Management Consultancy.  

 

Education 

Institution  Course  Details  Percentage  Year of  
Completion 

CMR Institute Of Management 
Studies (an Autonomous 
Institution affiliated to Bangalore 
University) 

M.Sc - Industrial & 
Organizational 
Psychology 

Aggregate of IV 
semesters 

73.85 

2015 

Mount Carmel College, Bangalore 
(an Autonomous Institution 
affiliated to Bangalore University) 

BA - Psychology, 
Optional English, 
Economics 

Aggregate of VI 
semesters 

66.83% 

2013 

CMR National PU College, 
Bangalore(Karnataka Board) 

II PUC  - Physics, 
Chemistry, Maths , 
Biology 

(II PUC) 

61.66%  
2010 

The Best High School, 
Bangalore(Karnataka Board) 
 

X Standard (SSLC) X Standard 
(SSLC) 

80.96%  
2008 

 



 

 

 

Academic and Non-Academic Achievements: 

 Received the Prestigious CMR Scholarship for the year 2013-14.  

 Women’s Cell Secretary at CMR Institute of Management Studies. 

 Compeered several Public functions, College fests and other organizational activities. 

 Under the guidance of Prof. Ramya Ranganathan(OBHRM Area), worked on preparing a course material 
on “Current Trends in Positive Psychology” at the Indian Institute Of Management, Bangalore. 

 Member of Indian Music Association at Mount Carmel College. 

 Won Prizes and accolades at several individual and Group singing Competitions. 

Skills and Computer Proficiency 

 Skills - Problem Solving skills, Business Communication, Leadership and Project Management Skills, 
Analysis and Planning Skills, Customer Sensitivity and Business Priorities and Business Applications of 
Technology and Data.  

 Software Packages – MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint. 

General Information 

 Date of Birth: 16th December 1991 

 Gender: Female 

 Father’s Name: K V Subbu Krishna 

References 

1. Available on Request 

 


