











































                          

	Govind Joshi
E-mail: joshi.govind@outlook.com
Mobile: (+91) 99034-76310
Address for Communication:

C/o. Sri Sohan Lal Joshi
10 B Madan Mohan Burman Street
Kolkata-700 007
West Bengal

Permanent Address

C/o. Sri Sohan Lal Joshi

10 B Madan Mohan Burman Street

Kolkata-700 007

West Bengal

Personal Information

Father's Name:  Sohan Lal Joshi
Date of Birth   :  2nd Dec 1988
Sex                   :  Male

Nationality      :  Indian

Marital Status :  Single

Languages       :  English, Hindi and 

                             Marwari                            

Hobbies

Listening to Music, Playing Snooker. 

	Career Objective
A groomed Professional, self motivated, goal oriented, quick learner, looking for an opening in an organization where professional skills are combined with ethical and social values so as to make a meaningful contribution to the development of the organization, society and myself.

Education
    Bachelor in Commerce 
Calcutta University 
Percentage -48 %

Year of Passing – 2010
    Higher Secondary (Class XII)

West Bengal Board for Higher Secondary Education 
Percentage -50 % 
Year of Passing – 2007
    Secondary (Class X)
West Bengal Board for Secondary Education 

Percentage -55.00 % 
Year of Passing – 2005
 Computer Proficiency
Exposures:

Knowledge of Accounting Package viz. Tally ERP9.

MS Office 2010
Work Experience
 Sound Recording Company – 01-04-2014 to 31/07/2018
A.M. Banka & Co. CAs – 01-03-2011 to 31-03-2014

	
	


Professional Experience
SOUND RECORDING COMPANY
Key Role

Preparation of Books of Accounts: 

1. Management of Cash and Bank Transactions

2. Service Tax / GST Return
3. Preparation and Finalization of Books of Accounts.

4. TDS Return.

5. P.Tax Return
Other Role

· Preparation of financial statements including Trial Balance, P & L A/c, General Ledger, Balance Sheets on regular basis.
A.M. BANKA & Co. CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
Key Role
Managed the daily Cash and Bank Transactions.
Managed and Prepared the Books of Accounts of the Firm.
Firm’s Service Tax Responsibility – Service Tax received and Deposited Approprietly 

Service Tax Return Responsibility
Other Role
Statutory Audit & Tax Audit – Ramkamal Housiery Pvt Ltd, Embee Internationals, Banco

Preparation of Accounts and IT Returns of Individuals.

Statement of Purpose

My experience during the service has given me an insight into various aspects of and Financial matters. This has widened my perspective and has given me a sense of understanding of business from a practical point of view. My interaction with management personnel at different levels has provided me an opportunity to build upon my communication skills and understand the working environment in different organizations. I would welcome an opportunity to consolidate and expand my knowledge leading to a career growth and positive contribution to your organization. My academic background, ability to work in team and analytical skills will definitely be an additional advantage in pursuing my objectives and contributing to your organization.

Date:

Place:









(GOVIND JOSHI)
