












































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

TEJASHRI SURESH WAJE
CONTACT NO.: 9324981416
ADDRESS: SAI MAHAL CHS.

                     E-12; 2:9; SECTOR 48,

     SEAWOODS (NERUL) 

     NAVI MUMBAI – 400706.
E-MAIL: wajetejashri12@gmail.com 

          
	Objective:

	I look forward to work in a challenging environment that provides an opportunity to learn key technologies, be an effective team player in developing, managing projects and to be an asset for the organization by delivering to the best of my capabilities.


	Competencies:

	Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA
Operating System: Windows XP, Windows7 , Windows8
Products: Adobe Campaign, IBM Unica, IBM Tealeaf, SQL Server, DB2



	Experience:

	Project
	Epsilon

	Duration
	DEC 2015 – Present

	Client
	Epsilon

	Role
	Campaign Development and Maintenance

	Location
	Mumbai(India)

	Roles performed
	As a Team Member , responsible for

· Incorporated testing and control groups to test and measure the effectiveness of campaigns.
· Consolidated business requirements for enhancing the quality of marketing campaign delivery process.
· Worked with technical teams to design and build campaigns.
· Tracked assigned campaigns, correspondence, etc., from initiation to completion and addresses each within the timeframes prescribed by the client. 

· Regularly cooperates with coworkers and others in meeting commitments and accomplishing assigned work on time; e.g., sharing information freely.

· Fixed and tested (end-to-end) the bugs that found during developing and testing the campaign to ensure that the existing functionality is compatible with the reworked one. 

· Maintained the quality of the project workload and have completed the tasks assigned to me on time. 
· Effectively used Adobe Campaign Management tool to create personalized, multi-channel and automated marketing campaigns.



	Technology used in project
	· Operating System : Windows 2008
· Product : Adobe Campaign, Oracle SQL Developer 
· Office Products : Word, Excel, PowerPoint


	Office Products
	Word, Excel, PowerPoint

	Description
	Epsilon is a growing, dynamic, global organization where achievement is rewarded.

The project’s main responsibility is playing leader role in creating connections between people and brands. The added responsibility is building the entire campaign and to test the entire campaign. He also participated in analysis, design and development of the campaigns in Neolane Client Console.

 


	Project
	Crescent-POC on Smarter Commerce Solutions II

	Duration
	MAR 2014 – NOV 2015

	Client
	Crescent

	Role
	Unica Developer

	Location
	Mumbai(India)

	Roles performed
	As a Team Member , responsible for

· Installation of Websphere Application Server, Oracle 11g, Unica Platform, Unica Campaign, Marketing operations, Interaction, eMessage, Cognos BI 10 on SIT Environment.

· Applied fixpack on currently installed products.
· Designing Flowcharts
· Designing Marketing Operation objects like Plan, Program, Project, Workflows.
· Installed Unica components on Development and Runtime Environment.

· Documented Installation Procedure guides.

· Helped Client on Installation queries to some extent.

· Reviewed test plan and test scenarios for interfaces.

· Resolved PMR's and documented the issues.



	Technology used in project
	· Operating System : Windows 2008
· Product : Websphere Application Server, IBM Unica Campaign v9.0, IBM Marketing Operation v9.0, IBM eMessage, IBM Cognos 10, Oracle 11g
· Office Products : Word, Excel, PowerPoint


	Description
	Working with IBM Smart Commerce project for about long period with different products like customizing the already published store according to the requirements in WCS. Setup the IBM WCS & Unica 9 environment on the CG network for the POC development and customer demo. Several technologies were used like WCS, Unica, Java, Struts, JSP and Servlet. Have worked on DB2 as well.



	Training Attended

	JAVA Training in Capgemini
Hybris Core and Commerce Training in Capgemini
Tealeaf Training in Capgemini



	Certifications

	Adobe Campaign Business Practitioner
Unica Campaign v8.5
Tealeaf Customer Experience Management v8.7
DB2 10.1 Fundamentals



	Academics

	Qualification
	Percentage

	· Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.IT – April 2012)

M.E.S Pillai’s College of Arts, Commerce & Science- New Panvel.

Mumbai University.
	76.81%

	· HIGHER SECONDARY CERTIFICATE (H.S.C.- FEB 2009) 
Bharati Vidyapeeth, Belapur.
	73.50 %



	· SECONDARY SCHOOL CERTIFICATE (S.S.C.-March-2007)

M.G.M. High School, Nerul.


	81.07%


	Personal Information:

	Name:
	Miss. Tejashri Suresh Waje

	Sex:
	Female

	D.O.B:
	12th June 1991

	Nationality:
	Indian

	Marital Status: 
	Single

	Languages:
	English, Hindi, Marathi.

	Address:
	Sai-Mahal CHS. E-12; 2:9; Sector-48
Seawoods (Nerul) Navi Mumbai – 400706.

	Telephone No.: 
	9324981416

	E-mail: 
	wajetejashri12@gmail.com


	Declaration:

	I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my

Knowledge and I bear responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.



Date:

Place:
                                        



  TEJASHRI SURESH WAJE
PAGE  
2

