


































VENKATESH VASUDEVA
Senior Developer - 4 years of experience
An exuberant and self-motivated data scientist with excellent organizational skills and a good eye for
detail. I am thriving hard to get closer to perfection every day by putting in labor to study concepts and
apply them in my projects. Clarity of thought process and articulation is one of the major strengths which
most of the time act as an edge over others. With a real hunger to expand my knowledge base, I look
forward to greater opportunities and challenges to sharpen my analytical skills.

vvenkateshnitk@gmail.com 9920634913 Mumbai, India

WORK EXPERIENCE

01/2014 – 06/2014

Intern
Nomura Services India Private Limited

Worked as a java developer to build a tool which helps non-
tech team to build reconciliations on fly without involvement
of tech people which results building a reconciliation in days
time typically takes weeks time with involvement of tech
team.

07/2014 – Present

Senior Developer
Nomura Services India Private Limited

Working in HR analytics space to build a product on
employees survival probabilities and employees attrition
models to predict which employee likely to leave
organisation using R shiny and H2O machine learning
libraries.

Presented an idea on Timeseries analysis to predict stock
prices using Quandl dataSource and ARIMA Machine learning
model available in R language in NomuraTechFayre IT event.

Performed analytics on trade, position and cash
reconciliations to increase match percentage which helps the
operations team to do analysis on smaller data sets to
optimize resource utilization.

Performed data cleansing and analytics on Nomura
settlement trades which flows in xml format and
transform,load the data into relational database which
results easily to generate invoices and send those to clients
for settlement.

HONOR AWARDS
Meritorious student in 10th and 11th interstate
Ramanujan talent tests

93% in OCPJP
Oracle Certified Java Programmer Exam

Nomura Quarterly SPOT award
Nomura Services India Private Limited

Analysis and design in migrating from legacy technology to Jasper
technology for Client Invoices which results in reduced risk and cost

Nomura Quarterly SPOT award
Nomura Services India Private Limited

Upgraded Java engines to reconcile million of records in a minute

SKILLS

R Java Python SQL Time Series

Data Structures Informatica Unix

BigData Tools Decision Trees Regression SVM

MS Office Tableau

ACADEMIC PROJECTS DURING
DIPLOMA
Credit Risk Modelling

Create credit risk models using R, Tableau for banks to predict
defaults for a customer. Open source data sets for German
consumers were utilized to score different models and throughput.

Recommendation engine for real estate products
Using historical purchased data,recognize patterns from previous
real estate product purchased by a customer and recommend
available real estate products.

Employee Attrition
Predict the probability of the employee attrition using logistic
regression and Random forest models in R.

EDUCATION

03/2017 – 03/2018

PG Diploma in Data Analytics
IIIT Bangalore

3.2/4.0

11 months Online course
from IIIT Bangalore and
Upgrad

07/2011 – 07/2014

Masters in Computer Applications (MCA)
National Institute Of Technology,Surathkal

8/10

06/2006 – 04/2009

Bachelors in Computer Science
Govt College (Autonomous),Rajahmundry

73.92%

Work Experience

Work Experience

Courses

mailto:vvenkateshnitk@gmail.com

