













































GURUPANDI


Mrs. Abinaya Pooranan  

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

Contact No: +6014 610 9037 (MYS) 

Email Id:  abinayapooranan@gmail.com                                                          

Skype Id: abinayapooranan 

                                                                                                            

Work Experience 

 
Almost 4 Years of Working as a Project Engineer (Teradata and ETL Development) in 

Wipro Technologies Duration: From Feb 2013 to till date - Dedicated IT professional 

with exceptional data warehouse, database, and business intelligence experience. 

Career objective  

To accomplish a challenging work environment, which would provide me 

valuable learning and professional growth, where my analytical, managerial, problem 

solving skills and application knowledge can be put in for the successful execution of the 

project and organization. 

Professional profile 

o Having 4 years of experience in banking domain with expertise in design, 

development and testing using Teradata, Informatica, SQL and PL/SQL. 

o Working in Wipro Technologies, a leading service provider of integrated 

business, technology and process solutions on a global delivery platform.  

o Extensive experience on Teradata database, analyzing business needs of 

clients, developing effective and efficient solutions and ensuring client 

deliverables with in committed timelines. 

o Strong hands on experience using Teradata Utilities. 

o Having experience in ETL tool Informatica 8.1/7.1/6.2.Created mapping 

documents and workflows. 

o Extensive experience with development, testing, debugging, implementation and 

documentation 

o Experience in SQL Coding. 

o Experience in Dimensional Data Modeling using star and snow flake schema. 

o Involved in understanding of business processes to learn business requirements. 

o Experience in different scheduling tools like TIVOLI workload scheduler. 

o Efficient in incorporation of various data sources such as Oracle11g. 

o Experience in UNIX Shell Scripting. 

o Experience in databases SQL, PL/SQL, and SQL Loader AMD DBMS Packages. 



Academic qualification 

o Master of Computer Application (2012) from Anna University –Coimbatore with 

9.57 CGPA (Gold Medalist). 

o B.Sc., in Computer Science (2009) from Bharathiyar University with 85% marks 

o Higher Secondary School with Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Computer 

Science (2006) from Christhu Jyothi Matriculation Higher Secondary School with 

75% marks. 

o SSLC - Secondary School (2004) from Vellalar Matriculation Higher with 75% 

marks 

o Secured first position in college during MCA. 

 

Technical Skills 

 

DWH (Data Warehouse) Informatica PowerCentre 9.1/8.6 (Workflow 

Manager, Workflow monitor, warehouse 

Designer, Source Analyzer, Warehouse 

Designer, Transformation Developer, 

Mapplet designer, Repository Manager, and 

Informatica server), Informatica Web 

Services, Metadata, Data Mining, Data Mart, 

OLAP, OLTP, SQL *Plus, SQL Loader. 

Reporting Tool           Business Objects 6.5/6/0, BIRT 

Dimensional Data Modeling Star Join Schema, snow flake schema, Fact 

and Dimension Tables, Dimensional and 

multidimensional modeling, Denormalization 

Techniques. 

Operating System Windows XP, 7, 8, 8.1 and 10 

Programming Languages Unix shell Scripting, C, C++, Basic Java, 

PL/SQL, HTML 



Database Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g, MS SQL Server 

2000. MS Access, MYSQL 

Database Tools 
 
Toad for Oracle, Teradata SQL Assistant. 

Tools & Technologies 
 
MS Office 2010  
(MS Word, MS Excel and Power Point) 

Project Experience 

Project - I 

Team size: 12 

Client: OCBC Bank, KL, Malaysia 

Technologies: Teradata, Control-M and UNIX. 

Company: CogDev Malaysia SDN BHD - Malaysia  

 

 The primary objective of BNM ISS reporting project is to enhance the current 

data sourcing and transformation platform EDW to meet the latest BNM reporting 

requirements 

Roles and responsibilities 

 Involved in design, analysis, implementation and support of ETL processes. 

 Participated in build/review of the BTEQ Scripts, Fast exports, Multi loads and 

Fast Load scripts. Reviewed Test Plans and System Test Cases. 

 Worked on Teradata stored procedure and function to conform the data and load 

it on the table. 

 Involved in Analyzing/building Teradata EDW using Teradata ETL Utilities and 

Informatica. 

 Worked extensively with lookup, joiner, sorter, and aggregator and update 

strategy transformations. 

 Worked with sequential files, oracle and db2 as sources and oracle as target 

data warehouse.  

 Developed mappings using Teradata designer, validated, scheduled, run and 

monitored in workflow manager. 

 Responsible for tracking and solving the defects created by the testing team. 

 experience in detailing the required transformation rules, B-MAP, B-Keys, 

reference data related specifications 

 Experience in customizing the FSLDM model 



Project - II 

Team size: 10 

Client: State Street Bank, US. 

Technologies: Teradata, Informatica PowerCentre, and UNIX. 

Company: Wipro Technology - Chennai 

 

Description: State Street Corporation, known as State Street, is an American world 

wide financial services holding company. State street was founded in 1792 and is 

the second oldest financial institution in the United States. Global advisors is state 

Streets asset management business and dates back to 1978. It provides Investment 

management, research, and advisory services to corporations, mutual 

funds, insurance companies, and other institutional investors. Global advisors develops 

both passive and active management strategies using both quantitative and fundamental 

approaches. 

 

Contribution: As a Teradata and ETL Developer  

 Used Teradata ETL utilities and Informatica. 

 Used Complex SQL queries to test the data generated by the ETL process 

against the target database. 

 Used SQL Assistant to querying Teradata Tables. 

 Performance tuned and optimized various complex SQL queries. 

 Used Informatica PowerCentre 9.1 as an ETL tool to extract data from source 

systems and transforms the data by using business logics and loads data into 

data warehouse database. 

 Extensively used transformations in Informatica PowerCenter. 

 

Roles and responsibilities 

 Analyzing functional requirement and preparing design document. 

 Involved in Analyzing/building Teradata EDW using Teradata ETL utilities and 

Informatica. 

 Worked on Teradata Multi-Load, Teradata Fast-Load utility to load data from 

oracle and SQL Server to Teradata 

 Developing Informatica mapping, workflow, and Session logs and fixing bugs. 

 Tuning SQL queries to overcome spool space errors and improve performance. 

 Periodic backups, data re-provisioning, identifying and creating new test data for 

new business requirements are done. 

 Supporting data subset creation and management from a wide variety of 

databases such as oracle, SQL server 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_services
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holding_company
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_oldest_banks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asset_management
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_fund
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_fund
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insurance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institutional_investor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passive_management
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_management


 

Project - III 

Team size: 12 

Client: CITI Bank, Singapore. 

Technologies: Teradata, Informatica PowerCentre and UNIX. 

Company: Wipro Technology - Chennai 

 

Description: CITI Bank is the leading global banking company. It has approximately 200 

million customer accounts and operates in more than 160 countries for providing 

services to consumers, corporations, governments and institutions.  

 

CITI is currently executing a huge initiative named as rainbow to implement its 

standardized core banking and cards application across the globe. As part of this 

initiative CITI wants to deploy the standardized application go to common (g2c) across 

Australia and certain countries in South East Asia (sea).  

 

Contribution: As a Teradata and ETL Developer  

 Used Teradata ETL utilities and Informatica. 

 Used Complex SQL queries to test the data generated by the ETL process 

against the target database. 

 Used SQL Assistant to querying Teradata Tables. 

 Used Informatica PowerCentre 9.1 as an ETL tool to extract data from source 

systems and transforms the data by using business logics and loads data into 

data warehouse database. 

 Extensively used transformations in Informatica PowerCenter. 

 Involved in system integration testing (sit) and user acceptance testing (UAT). 

 

 

 

Roles and responsibilities 

 Involved in design, analysis, implementation and support of ETL processes. 

 Participated in build/review of the BTEQ Scripts, Fast exports, Multi loads and 

Fast Load scripts. Reviewed Test Plans and System Test Cases. 

 Worked on Teradata stored procedure and function to conform the data and load 

it on the table. 

 Involved in Analyzing/building Teradata EDW using Teradata ETL Utilities and 

Informatica. 



 Worked extensively with lookup, joiner, sorter, and aggregator and update 

strategy transformations. 

 Worked with sequential files, oracle and db2 as sources and oracle as target 

data warehouse.  

 Developed mappings using Informatica designer, validated, scheduled, run and 

monitored in workflow manager. 

 Responsible for tracking and solving the defects created by the testing team. 

 

 

Achievements  

 Achieved instant karma award for the year 2015 in the CITI Bank project. 

 

Certification 

 Certified in Data Stage 9.1. 

 

Other Details 

Father’s name     : Mr. Pooranan K 

Date of birth                             :  02 September 1988 

Nationality                                :         Indian 

Marital Status :  Married (Spouse working in Malaysia) 

Husband’ name    : Mr. Dhanapal Subramaniyam 

Location :         KL, Malaysia 

Languages known                    :      English and Tamil  

Passport No                             :        N9966737  

                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                        

Abinaya Pooranan 

Dated:  


