














































 
 

1 
 

Jotesh 
Dhuriya 

46/A Sadbhavana Nagar 
Nandanwan, Nagpur   

 

9595590095  

dhuriyajoteshdj@gmail.com  
 

Obtain a challenging leadership position applying creative problem solving and learn management skills 
with growing company to achieve optimum utilization and maximum profit. 

Professional Summary 

 4 year of experience in ASP.NET development 

 Good knowledge and experience in C#, .NET, 
ADO.NET, SQL Server, Ajax, JQuery, JavaScript 
etc. 

 Team management and Team building. 

 Client handling 

 Experience in writing database objects 
(Triggers, Store Procedure, Functions ) 

Skill Set 

 Technologies: ASP.NET, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS, MVC, Windows Form. 

 Languages: .NET Technology(ASP.NET 3.5/4.0/C#/,ADO.NET), Basic understanding of WPF,WCF,     
                                WWF, Web Services (.asmx). 

 RDBMS: MS-SQL Server 2008. 

 Architecture: 2/3 tire Architecture, MVC. 

 Operating Platform: Windows (XP,Win7/8/10) 

Work Experience  

2014 – 2015 

Jr. Developer / Ocean Software Technologies, Nagpur. 
Was Creating Some Websites For Company like Kendriyamanavaadhikar.com etc. Updating Websites as 
per client requirement , reporting daily work and learning new technologies for the company if required 
like android studio (Work For 6 month creating a pigmy app ). 

2015 – 2016 

Ass. Developer / Ocean Software Technologies, Nagpur. 
Started working with 2/3 layered architecture, Updating companies live project asthvinayak, omvarsa, 
Yalsko under guidance of Sr. Developers Nilesh Meshram and Learned Working on Team Foundation 
Server and Fundamentals of Team Managements and Team Building. Learned Decision making and using 
the best optimized solution for the problems occurred in project. 



2 

2015 – 2016 

Team Lead / Ocean Software Technologies, Nagpur. 
Take over the team working under since a year. Worked on I-society 4.0 from scratch till the completion 
of the product worked on all aspect of the product database (Store procedures, Triggers, Functions), 
data layer, web services, web designing. Managing Team of 5 people, keep track on team member’s 
work and daily work report submission and code review on the basis of my knowledge, reporting seniors 
weekly regarding the development progress of the product etc. 

Project’s 

 Website’s: Kendriyamanvaadhikar, Girnar, Govindamgarments, etc. 
 

 Project’s:  
 Omvarsa, Asthvinayak, Suraksha, yalsko (Similar projects listed together ) 

 

                                Type: Web Based application. 
 

                                Technologies Used: Asp.net, MS-SQL Server 2008, JavaScript’s, CSS. 
 

                                Responsibility: Updating the functionality as per client requirement under the 
                                                              Guidance of the Senior developer. Worked Designing, 
                                                              Coding (ASP.NET 3.5), Creating Database objects etc. 
                                                              Description: Application is financial domain application.it help in           
                                                              Order for Cash Process. It’s an auditing software for co-operative 
                                                              Societies where a user can easily handle cash processing by 
                                                              creating ones account, crediting and debiting cash from the ones 
                                                              account and maintain the relative reports required as per the 
                                                              Standards and maintain the over-all transaction of the user or cash 
                                                              For the respective society branches separately as well as combined 
                                                              Reporting for the 999 branches of the respective society. It is IP 
                                                              Restricted application means only client having the IP approval can 

                               Access the application. 
 

 I-society (4 tire application presentation, model, business, data layer) 
 
Type: Web based application 
 
Technologies Used: Asp.net, MS-SQL server 2008 r2, JavaScript, jQuery, 
                                     Web-Services. 
 
Responsibility: Understanding the goal of the product, Taking the best Solution for 
                            the Problem faced on earlier projects, keeping eye on Database 
                               designing, creating or updating the table’s asp per Understanding, 
                               creating database objects (function, triggers, store procedures), 
                               Designing web forms. Keeping Track Development Process, Reporting 
                               the development progress to the seniors. Discussing the problems  
                               with seniors if any occurred in team or while development etc.           
 



3 

 

Description: Application is financial domain application.it help in auditing the 
                         Order for Cash Process. It’s an auditing software for co-operative 
                         Societies where a user can easily handle cash processing by 
                         creating ones account, crediting and debiting cash from the ones 
                         account and maintain the relative reports required as per the 
                         Standards and maintain the over-all transaction of the user or cash 
                         For the respective society branches separately as well as combined 
                         Reporting for the 999 branches of the respective society. It is IP 
                         Restricted application means only client having the IP approval can 
                         Access the application.     
 
 

 HMS (4 tire application presentation, model , business , data layer ) 
 
Type: Web Based Application. 
 
Technologies Used: Asp.net, MS-SQL server 2008 r2, JQuery, CSS, Dapper(ORM), 
                                        Inherited Master Forms, Routing, Bundling and optimization,  
                                        gzip, Obfuscation.          

 
Responsibility: Worked single handedly on project for my personal client. Designing 
                               Database, Modular Architecture, Application UI, optimize code, client 
                               satisfaction, Error Handling. 
 

Description: Application is Hospital Management Application. It maintain the 
                          Modular approach where we have the modules as per roles of the 
                          User like doctor, nurse etc. you can have the appointment for opd 
                          Type patient as well as ipd type patients. Maintain the prescription 
                          Record of the patient, ot-management, inventory-management 
                          For both machineries as well as medicines. Inventory reporting 
                          (Purchase, sales, item shortage alert etc), financial reports as per 
                          Client requirement. 
 
 

 Simple Billing For A Restaurant, Software For Taj-Finance Associate 
 
Type: Windows Application. 
 
Technologies Used: Windows Form, MS-SQL server, Modern Design, ADO.NET. 
 
Responsibility: Worked single handedly on project for my personal client. Designing 
                               Database, Modular Architecture, Application UI, optimize code, client 
                               satisfaction, Error Handling. 
 
 

 
 
 



4 

Education 

2006 

SSC / Adarch Vidya Mandir, Nagpur. 
50% 

2008 

HSC / Umya Shankar Jr. College. 
59% 

2016 

B.E / RTM-Nagpur-University,Ngapur. 
54% (Aggregate) 

Activities 

SEMINARS/WORKSHOPS/CONFERENCES 

Worked on Robotic (inline and Photo sensing Bot) 

Attend Seminar On Robotic 

*Never Worked Further (2009-2010) 

Attend Seminar and Certification on ethical hacking 

At NIIT Nagpur, mangalwari branch 

*Never Worked Further (2010-2011) 

Attend Seminar on Asp.net and Certification 

At Alive Tech Services, Nagpur (2011-2012 /6 month) 

*Continued Further 

Skill Set 

 Playing Chess, Novel Reading, Trekking, Playing Cricket. Languages. 

 Travelling New Places and Meeting New Peoples, Sharing New Ideas. 
 

 
 

Date:                                                                                                                                 [Jotesh Dhuriya] 

Place: Nagpur. 


