
















































S SPANDANA
Mobile: +91 9704751222
E-Mail: spandureddy123@gmail.com

Title :
MySQL Database Administrator

Summary
A mysql database administrator with 3 years of experience with exceptional analytical, negotiation, relationship management and problem solving skill and be part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance knowledge and skills and to reach the pinnacle in the field of computing with sheer determination, dedication and hard work. 

Professional Summary:

· Professional and motivated, having over 3 years of DBA work experience in the software industry with MySQL
· Experience in Database Administration, design, development, maintenance and production support of relational databases, business applications, new server setup, MySql Server installation, upgrade, migration in Linux-based systems.
· Good experience in Mysql Enterprise Monitor to monitor the servers.
· Expertise in Shell Scripting
· Knowledge in MySQL database replication, performance tuning, backup and recovery.

IT Forte:

	Programming Languages
	C, C++,Java

	Web Technologies
	HTML, CSS and Java Script

	Databases
	Oracle, MySQL

	IDE Tool
	Eclipse, Mysql Workbench, Putty, MobaXterm

	Operating Systems
	Windows 7/8, Linux

	Scripting languages
	Shell Scripting


Primary Skills:
Development, Design, Maintenance, production support of relational databases, business applications, new server setup, Replication, Backup and recovery, User Management, Data Migration

Relevant Experience:
	Employer
	Infosys Limited, Bangalore, India.


	Duration
	January 2015 - February 2017

	Designation
	Senior Systems Engineer

	Client
	Indian Government

	Project
	Goods and service Tax

	Technologies
	Java, MySQL DBA

	Tools
	MySQL workbench, Putty, Mobaxterm, GS Eclipse



Responsibilities:

· Administration and management of the entire development, QA and production environment.
· Installed and configured MySQL on Linux and Windows environments.
· Managing/Troubleshooting in production and developer environments on Linux.
· Performed installation, new databases design, configuration, backup, recovery, security, upgrade and schema changes, tuning and data integrity.
· Increased database performance by utilizing MySQL config changes, multiple instances
· Effectively configured MySQL Replication.
· Performance Tuning on a daily basis for preventing issues and providing capacity planning using MySQL Enterprise Monitor.
· Proficiency in Unix/Linux shell commands.
· Created and deleted users, groups and set up restrictive permissions, configuration of the sudo files etc.
· Created data extracts as part of data analysis and exchanged with internal staff.
· Performed MySQL Replication setup and administration on Master-Slave.
· Documented all servers and databases.
· Shell script is being used for some data migration and backend work management.
· Provided technical assistance for establishment and tuning of database servers and migration processes.
· Responded to database problems and issues relating to applications and systems.
Certifications and Trainings:

· Pursued Java certification internal to Infosys.
· Completed Oracle university training on MySQL.

Scholastics

	Degree
	Institution / University
	Year
	C.G.P.A/%

	B.Tech(CSE)
	Sri Kalahastheeswara Institute of Technology (AP)
Affiliated to JNTUA, Anantapuram(AP)
	 2014
	70.62%

	Inter (M.P.C)
	Sri Chaitanya jr. college,
Tirupathi.
	2010
	87.20%

	10th (SSC)
	Sri Rushi valley high school, Srikalahasthi.
	2008
	87.80%




Final Year Project
Duration	   :  Jan 2014 - May 2014 	
Project Title      :  Cloud-Assisted Privacy Preserving Mobile Health Monitoring  		
Key Learning    :  Basics of Cloud Computing, Java.
Role                   :  Team Leader

Value Added Program
· High Performer in Java stream training at Infosys Mysore. 
· Received Insta award in Infosys for my contribution towards the project - Regulatory Operations.
· Participated in National level workshop on “ANDROID”, conducted by SIDDARTHA EDUCATIONAL ACADAMEY GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS. 
· Owned certification in 'C' programming from NARESH TECHNOLOGIES.
· Participated in the event "BANG THE BUG" in the technical Fest, INNOQUEST 2k12, held at SKIT in OCTOBER, 2013.
· Owned certification in National level technical symposium PRAKETA'14, held at SKIT in APRIL,2014.

Paper Presentation
· Volunteered in the event "PAPER PRESENTATION" in the Technical    Fest,TECHWIZARD 2k13, held at SKIT in OCTOBER,2012.

Personal Dossier
Date of Birth			:  10-10-1992
Address			:  D/o S. Prasad Reddy, D/no. 16-847(8), Gopi Krishna Street, 
                                                   Sri Ram Nagar Colony, Srikalahasthi-517644, Andhra Pradesh
Languages Known		:  English, Telugu and Hindi


Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place: Bangalore                                                                                          S Spandana
