

















Sonam Wangdi Sherpa

                         
                     

                                                      Juli Kirti

House number: 4065
Sector 23A
Gurgaon, 122017
Contact: 9899209518
Email: kirti.juli@gmail.com

Career Objective:

To work with an organization having challenging and creative environment with all my sincerity and dedication alongwith being attemptful to evolve myself as a better professional and human being.

Professional experience: 
·	Working as a Process Associate with Steria India Ltd since September 2009 till now. 
	Billing and customer query handling effectively and efficiently.
	Handling ad hoc customer queries, resolving them within before the statutory time period.
	Handling the role of process trainer for new joinee. 
	Preparing the quality and productivity reports of new employee.

Maintaining trackers for the process on daily basis.  
	Coordinating with the team to prepare the monthly stacks. 

·	Worked as Customer Service Executive with Mahek Agency from April 2008 to July 2009. It is an organisation handling blended process for ICICI Bank and Barclays credit card process.
	Receiving customer’s call regarding credit card enquiry for billing and payment.
	Also handling query for fresh application regarding credit card and 

Travel cards for corporate tie ups.
	Verification of the application form details as mentioned by the customer and the relevant KYC given along with the application form.
	Apart from verification, initial appraisal of the application and submitting it to the final approving designate authority for final sanctioning.

	 Handling first level of escalations and solving them. 



Significant Accomplishments: 

·	Consistently met all process SLA in terms of Productivity, Thoroughness and Accuracy.
·	Various Spot awards were awarded for handling ad hoc customer requests and on timely process deliverables.
·	Trained new hires on the different work types.
·	Received continued and positive feedback from the Process Owner, Team Leaders and clients for successfully achieving the target with 100% quality and productivity. 


Training Programs Attended
	
·	Attended various training programs on Inter-personal Communication Skills, E-mail Writing Skills, Goal Setting, Emerging Excellence, Customer Centricity, and Conference Call Essentials across the tenure with STERIA. 



Academic Credentials

	Proficient user of MS-Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Internet/email. 
	Diploma in Computers from NIIT, Delhi
	B.Sc (H) from Ramjas Collage (DU).

Intermediate (XII) from B.I.E.C.
	Xth from Mithila Public School (C.B.S.E Board)
 

Personal Details:
 
	Hobbies: Listening Music, Travelling, Internet Surfing, Interacting with peoples
	DOB      : 25 April 1983
	Marital Status: Married
	Languages Known: Hindi, English








Place:



Date:                                                                                (Juli Kirti)

