
















































Vishal Joshi
13/2, Punit Nagar Society Part 2, Satellite Road, Opposite GIPS Hospital, Ahmedabad – 380015
E-Mail: joshivishal78@gmail.com; Contact: +91-9322192203


A. Profile and Strength
· A Chartered Accountant having 12 years of post-qualification experience in the field of Accounts, Finance & Direct Taxation with more than 5 years of experience as controller;
· Experienced working with multi-products & multi location large size manufacturing company;
· Leading a team of qualified and semi-qualified accountants; also an effective team player participating in various Corporate projects such as IND AS implementation, DRHP disclosures for listing purposes;
· Effective communicator with good number crunching and analytical skills, Familiar working in ERP environment such as– SAP & Microsoft Dynamics - Navision;
· Skilful in formulating and implementing Finance & Accounting policies/ procedures and adherence to Statutory compliances with the ability to relate theory with practice;
· Possess ability to roll out management plans to mitigate risk element in the transactions. Sound record of achieving business/financial targets and ensuring compliance with service standards and operational policies;
· Proficient in cross functional co-ordination with external agencies and skilful in managing people from diverse culture, ethnicity and nationality;
· Exposed to International financial reporting structure and compliances. Have experience of working at European location;
· Prior experience comprises of working with Big 4 Audit firms for approx. 3 year in audit and assurance.

B. Professional Experience
Currently working with Chiripal Poly Films Limited, Ahmedabad since 16th August, 2017 as Head of Accounts and Finance. Responsible for entire gamut of statutory and management reporting, financing and taxation functions.

Past Employments:
1. Prince Pipes & Fittings Pvt Ltd, Mumbai as Head of Accounts from 18th July, 2016 to 13th August, 2017. Responsibility comprises of entire gamut of:
· Financial accounting & reporting as per Companies Act and audit thereof;
· Management reporting, cash flow statement, cash budgets and other financial reports to track financial performance; 
· Direct Taxation such as assessments, appeals, transfer pricing, representations, liasoining with tax consultants for tax compliances & management;
· Participation with key business team such as treasury, procurement, capex etc for ensuring effective utilization of non-fund facility (letter of credit);
· Various process improvement activities related to Accounting Information Systems such as implementation of cost centre accounting, budgetary control thru systems, etc.
Key achievements
Overhauled Accounting Information Systems and related process to enable company to prepare & present financial results as required by SEBI’s Listing Obligation & Disclosure Regulations, Companies Act, 2013 & IND AS. Participated in preparation of DRHP filing including presentation of 5 years restated financial statements.

2. Crompton Greaves Limited, Mumbai as Senior Manager in Corporate Finance & Accounts from 22nd December, 2009 to 15th July, 2016. (Gap of 6 months in continuous employment from 1st Jan 2011 to 30th June 2011 as opted for practice). 
Responsibility comprises of:
· Quarterly financial reporting activities after ensuring compliances with Companies Act, IND AS/ IFRS and SEBI Regulations;
· Presentation of standalone and consolidated financial statements as per Companies Accounting Standards Rules & Schedule III of Companies Act, 2013;
· Ascertainment of GAAP differences of various overseas subsidiaries and ensuring uniform accounting policies for group reporting;
· Presentation of monthly MIS, business performance forecast, budgets and variance analysis with business reasoning;
· Compliances of direct taxation, including transfer pricing. Representation during assessments & appeal proceedings, drafting submission and liasoining with senior tax counsels/advocates;
· Accounting and Tax compliances of SPVs registered & located at The Netherlands and Mauritius. 

3. Big 4 Audit Firms – Audit and assurance services
(a) Pricewaterhouse (PwC), Chartered Accountants, Mumbai as Associate from February 2008 to November 2009.
(b) Pannell Kerr Forster, Chartered Accountants, Dubai, UAE as Audit Senior (on short term deputation) from April 2007 to November 2007.
(c) Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, as Assistant Manager from April 2006 to April 2007.
Key result areas at audit firms:
To ensure that financial statements are prepared as per IFRS, Indian Accounting Standards and regulatory requirements with respect to measurements, recognition and presentation & disclosures.

C. Academic credentials


	Course
	% Obtained
	Year of Passing
	
	Institute/ University

	C.A. Final - Group I 
	54
	May 2005 
	Institute of Chartered Accountants of India


	                    Group II
	51
	November 2005
	

	C.A Intermediate - Group I 
	50
	May 2001
	

	                                  Group II
	58
	November 2002
	

	B.Com
	66
	March 1999
	
	Mumbai University

	H.S.C.
	65
	March 1996
	
	Maharashtra Board

	 S.S.C.
	62
	March 1994
	
	Gujarat Board




D. Personal details

	Date of Birth:
	16th March, 1978

	Languages Known:
	English, Hindi, and Gujarati




