














































Resume 
Name 

LAXMI 

BHARADE 

 
 

 

Email 

 

laxmibharade8@gmail

.com 

 

 
 

Contace no.  

+91 7715045308 

 

 

Place: 

 

Thane 
 

 
Date of Birth 

06th June, 1994 

 

 

 

Sex 

Female 

 

 
 

Nationality 

Indian 
 

 

 

Marital Status 

Unmarried 

 
 

 

Linguistic 

Proficiency 

English, Hindi & 

Marathi                 
 

 

 

Permanent Address  

New Trimurti Apt., 

Shivaji Nagar, 

2nd Rabodi  

Thane - 400601 

 
 

Career Objectives: 

 To obtain a challenging & demanding position in an organization of repute, 
which stimulates and enhances my organizational and professional skills. 

 

 

 

Educational Qualification: 

 Completed M.Com II, Mumbai University (IDOL), year 2017. 

 Completed Diploma in Export Import Management from Welingkar Institute, 
Matunga. 

 Completed Graduation (TYB.Com) in the year 2014 - 2015 from V.G. Vaze 
College of Commerce with Ist Class – 70%. 

 Completed H.S.C in the year 2011 – 2012 from V G Vaze Kelkar College of 
Commerce with Distinction – 76%. 

 Completed SSC in the year 2009 – 2010 from Shiv Samartha Vidyalaya, Thane 
with Distinction – 80%. 

 

 

Work Experience:  

 

  Inchcape Shipping Services India Pvt. Ltd 

 

Designation- Executive- Credit Control 

Duration-      Dec 2016 till date  

Job Profile-   

 Downloading Bank Statements (Bank of New York & Bank of Mendes 
Netherlands) and sending collection report to all teams. 

 Payments from Bank of New York & Bank of Mendes Netherlands Portal in all 
currencies. 

 Forex Reconciliation, Bank Reconciliation of all Bank accounts. Sending 
monthly report to Global finance manager for review.  

  Processing Cash to Master and CWD – Crew Wages and other payments as 
required. 

 Posting payment entries in DREAM ERP software. 

 Answering Statement of Accounts & Resolving queries from Local Office 
agents & Sub-agents all over world. 

 Liaising with Bank for Payments and Banking related issues. 

 Liaising with Local Local Public Agents & Sub Agents with regards to 
payment related issues and queries. 

 Daily Processing of Payment List after Invoice verification of all Local Agents/ 
Sub Agents and sending them bank advices. 

 Liaising with Global Funding Office/ Corporate Treasurer UK with  regards to 
payments / Forex issues. 

 Creation of Agent codes in the ERP system as and when required. 

 Fortnight and monthly Accounts Payable reporting and follow up for the 
outstanding FDA’s. 

 Weekly maintaining a  track on FDA approved by principal on ODA site 
allocation of same in system. 

 Posting receivable entries and their allocation in system. Generating customer 
ageing reports keeping track of outstanding payment and follow up for the 

same on daily basis.  
 



Resume 
   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 Thane Janata Shahakari Bank Limited 
 

Designation-  

Duration-   15Nov 2015 to 30 Nov 2016 

Job Profile-   

 Experience in handling transaction processing activities as Export finance, 
Inward remittances. 

 Handling Export documents on collection basis/under LC, dispatch well 
adhered to UCP guidelines. 

 Scrutiny of Documents under LC. 

 Processing Preshipment Finance  in LCY and FCY.  

 Processing Post shipment finance export bills purchased/negotiated/discounted 
in LCY and FCY. 

 Inward Remittances for Exports. 

 Online Shipment of documents through DHL. 

 EDPMS Reporting Online For Collection, Realizations Bills, Inward 
Remittances for Advance and Export Proceeds daily. 

 CBWT Reporting.  

 Updating E-Brcs Online on DGFT Site. 

 Liaising with clients for their queries and payments.  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        

 

 

 

 

 

 



Resume 
Honors  and Awards 

 

 Part of Award winning team for our performance in quarter. 
 

    Computer Proficiency: 

 

 Microsoft Office 

 Tally ERP 9 

 DTP 

 Internet & its applications 

 

 

 

 

I hereby confirm that all the above information provided is true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

Laxmi Bharade 

 

 

 


