
















































Niranjan Swamy H N
SQL DBA
Bangalore, Karnataka
Email me on: niranjan.swamy33@gmail.com	
Mobile: 9538932779

OBJECTIVE
To be associated with an organization that provides opportunities to apply my knowledge and skills along with growth of the organization.

SUMMARY
• Around 2+ years of experience in Database Administration and Production Support SQL DBA with proficiency in SQL Server 
• Installation, configuration and maintenance of MS SQL Server 
• Experience in implementing and managing backup strategies. 
• Experience in Database Backups, Restores, attach and Detach databases, shrinking databases.
• Database refreshes from Production backup to Stage, Test, QA and Development environments.
• Experience in applying patches on production and non-production environment. 
• Checking the status of Backup and troubleshooting the failed backups. 
• Managing the Disk Space and Memory management and maintaining the daily health check of critical systems. 
• Managing Security (Creating users, logins and roles, granting permissions) and indexes. 
• Having good experience in trouble shooting the SQL server issues.
• Having good knowledge on log shipping and mirroring.
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Profile: SQL DBA 
Company: Cognizant Technology Solutions- Bangalore, Karnataka.
Duration: August 2015 to present 

Technical Skills: Databases: MS SQL Server 2008/2008R2 and 2012. 
Operating System: Windows server 2003/2008 and 2008 R2.
 Languages: T-SQL
 Tools: IRIS
 Project #1:
Title: JnJ-DB-managed-services 
Team Size: 70
Role: DBA Admin 
Environment: SQL Server 2005/2008/2008 R2 and 2012
Job Responsibilities: 
• Applying patches on production and non-production servers. 
• Creating databases as per requirements and configuring backups for new databases.
• Checking Os event logs and SQL server logs for unusual events.
• Confirm that backups have been made successfully saved to a secure location. 
• Verify that all scheduled jobs have run successfully. 
• Database refreshes from production backup to non-production servers. 
• Configuring database mail for SQL server alerts.
• Checking Alerts and resolve issues to take appropriate action as need. 
• Managing user creation and providing permission as per user's requirements.
• Fixing Orphaned users through Stored Procedures. 
• Monitoring the Scheduled jobs and fixing the failed jobs. 
• Working closely with application team to better understand environments and providing solutions as per application team requirements.
 • As a part of the DBA team providing 24x7 production support to the clients.
Other Technical Skills:
In the process of getting certified in ‘Hadoop and spark developer’ course.
Having hands-on experience in impala, hive, pig, flume, yarn and MapReduse.
INTERNSHIP
Infosys Limited, Mangalore.
Skills learnt: JAVA (Core Java/J2EE) and RDBMS
Duration: 3 Months

EDUCATION DETAILS

	Name Of Courses
	Board/University
	Name Of The Institution
	Year
	Percentage (%)

	Bachelor of
Engineering
(E & C)
	VTU, Belagaum
	GEC, Mandya
	2014
	67

	PUC
	Department  of
Pre-University Education
	Sadvidya, Mysore
	2010
	67

	SSLC
	Karnataka
Secondary
Education
Examination
Board
	SFES, Chamarajnagar
	2008
	92




DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above information and details provided by me are correct to the best of my knowledge.
									Niranjan Swamy H N





