














































SAGAR BYALI                   
Mobile: +91 8867036730          
E-mail: sagarbyali@gmail.com 

in.linkedin.com/in/sagarbyali  

 
Brief Introduction: 

M.Tech qualified Software Engineer with 2 years 11 months of experience in Database. Outgoing 
and team-oriented, I'm proficient in T-SQL development, SSMS, Performance tuning, maintaining 
database, DB design along with good amount of experience in ETL tool SSIS. 
 
Work Experience: 
 

Sl. 
No 

Employer Designation Role Experience Duration 
 

1 EVRY India Pvt Limited 
(SPAN Infotech India Pvt Limited) 

Software 
Engineer 

Database 
developer 

2.4 years Jan 2015 to Apr 
2017 

2 XLHealth Corporation India Pvt. Ltd 
(UnitedHealthcare Group) 

Apps 
Developer 1 

Database 
analyst & 
developer 

0.7 years May 2017 to till 
date 

 
Experience summary: 
 
Database design, enhancement & domain 
 Requirement analysis, ER modeling, converting ER to Relational schema, Functional dependencies & Normalization. 
 Performing Data analysis through SOP understandings, reconciling the analyzed data. 
 Have experience working in Mobile platform, Retail and Healthcare insurance domain. 
 
Development: MS-SQL, SSIS, SSRS 
 Handling Mobile App and Web Product development, Application maintenance, Bug fixing. 
 T-SQL, CTE, Views, Triggers, Cursors, Functions, Dynamic SQL. 
 Extensively worked on Stored procedures. 
 Automation scripts to load data into and from SQL Server using SSIS 
 Data transformations using SSIS, loading data from various sources using SSIS. 
 Deploying SSIS packages and setting up jobs. 
 Creating SSRS reports. 

 
Datawarehousing 
 Familiar to Facts, Dimensions, MOLAP cubes. 

 
Performance tuning 
 Capture events, data, request tracking and trouble shooting using the SQL Server Profiler, SQLDebugger. 
 Solving Performance issues related to: Parameter snipping, slow running queries, indexes, identifying locks, blocking 

processes, re-writing the logic/stored procedures whenever necessary. 
 Analyzing the query plans, improving execution time of Stored procedures. 
 DB Comparer for data synchronization & performance tuning of slow running queries using Db engine tuning advisor. 
 Load testing using SQLQueryStress, Performance monitor and setting up Extended events to monitor Deadlocks. 

 
Database Maintenance 
 Redgate and devart tools to compare data and synchronize data across environments. 
 Indexing, Backup & job scheduling, Log file purging, DBA related querying. 

 

mailto:sagarbyali@gmail.com
file:///F:/RESUME/in.linkedin.com/in/sagarbyali


Technical Skills: 
 

Skill Summary 

Technical Language: 
 T-SQL 

DB Tools: 
 SSMS 2012 
 SSIS 2012 
 SSRS 2012 
 SQL Server Profiler 
 Database engine tuning advisor 
 DB Comparer 
 SQLQueryStress 
 Redgate - SQL Compare, SQL Data compare 

Project related SDLC Model: 
 Agile - Iterative/Incremental 

Project Management Tools: 
 TFS, JIRA, Asana, SVN, Bit-bucket. 

 
 
Educational Qualifications: 
 

 M.TECH 
Computer Science and Engineering 
KLS Gogte Institute of Technology, Belgaum 
Percentage: 74.9 % 
Duration: 2012 - 2014 

 

 B.E 
Computer Science and Engineering 
S.D.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Dharwad 
CGPA: 6.87 / 10 
Duration: 2007 - 2011 

 
Academic Ranks: 
 

 M.TECH  PGCET Entrance  
Rank - 61 

 
Recognitions: 
 

 Performance issue related to App data in Project was countered using a technique ‘Caching’ and was 
rewarded with ‘SPOT award’ for successful implementation. 

 ‘Team Spirit award’ - Collaborative effort to ensure successful delivery of the workforce Management 
system (WMS Error queue), Provider reconciliation and synchronization of NDB-CSP Facets Project. 

 
 
 
 
 



Projects: 
 
Project – 1 

Project Name 
Domain 

HubCiti 
Retail 

Role Database developer  
Organization EVRY India Pvt. Ltd. 
Duration  Feb 2015 to till date 
Tools and Technologies  SSMS 2012, SQL Server Profiler, Performance monitor, 

DB Comparer, SQLQueryStress, DB engine tuning advisor 
Team size 21 
Complexity High 
 
Product: 

1. IOS and Android application (7 instances) 
2. Web application (5 portals) 
3. RSS feed news application 

 
Project Description: 
HubCiti™ is a city branded all-purpose mobile app for cities of all sizes. It connects residents and visitors with 
your city’s public services, local businesses, restaurants, attractions, school activities, news, non-profits, and 
a variety of other daily life information. Other notable features were: Push notifications, News app, Music 
bands, Interactive maps. Residents and visitors are now able to access real-time information about where to 
shop, where to go and what to see on a daily basis, saving time and money. 
 
Web: The Retailer portal helps retailers to tell their story, retailers can register with ScanSee and their 
multiple locations spanned across US. After registering with ScanSee, retailers can login into ScanseeWeb 
Portal and setup their ads, products, discounts, hot deals, coupons and special offers to App users. Retailers 
can upload their Products, add their locations, renew membership.Hubciti portal enables Admin to configure 
App screens: Mainmenu, Submenu, menuitems, bottombuttons, Launch screens, color, menu icons. Create 
users. It also provides provisions to set-up Events& fundraisers, schedule events & fundraisers, deals. The 
scheduled deals, events will be pushed to App users as Push notification. Other functionalities involved: 
Setting up Music bands and News. Role-based access functionality can be setup for created users in 
Hubciti.Scansee Admin can create Hubciti or Hubregion. Admin will maintain the created Hubciti’s using using 
the the portal. 
 
App: App users can view all the information for the city where they areregistered in. Users can set up their 
preferences like: Cities, Radius, Bookmarks, Push notifications etc. Based on the user settings data gets 
displayed in the app. IOS & android apps for about 7 instances are provided to the users. 
 
Role Description: 

1. Web and App requirement analysis & logic implementation using T-SQL along with design 
enhancements, new design, requirement changes.  

2. Responsible for design, UTC and screen specification review and task estimations.  
3. Supporting the project with critical issue fixes whenever need arises as a part of Project maintenance. 
4. SQL Server development involved: writing Stored procedures, Functions, Triggers, Cursors, 

Automating data uploads with scripts, Configuring batch process, Push notifications, Unit testing the 
implementation.  

5. Database activities: Database and schema creation, taking back-up, indexing, scheduling jobs, product 



 

support, bug fixing.  
6. Production movement and QA releases, loading data and DBA related activities.  
7. Performance activities namely: Query and stored procedure tuning, monitoring performance, re-

writing stored procedures, Blocking and Dead lock detection. 
8. DB design includes designing from scratch as well as enhancement to the existing design along with 

impact analysis using ER diagrams/Normalization. 

9. Client communication, Knowledge transfer and training other resources. Coordinating with team 

members in solving project related and technical issues. 

 

Project – 2 
Project Name 
Domain 

Provider reconciliation and synchronization of NDB-CSP 
Facets Healthcare operations 

Role Database Analyst/Developer  
Organization XL Health 
Duration  May 2017 to till date 
Tools and Technologies  SSMS 2012, SSIS 2012, TFS 
Team size 09 
 
Project Description: 
The three main storage centers namely: NDB, CSP Facets and UHN contain Healthcare Provider information 
(Hospital, Practioner and Facility) related to Contracts and Demographics. A nightly feed goes from NDB to 
CSP. The errors are reported in BSAR, WMS, DotNet Error queue systems. The NDB & CSP is mapped through 
a Crosswalk report. 
 
Role Description: 

1. Analyze SOP documents, procedural code, ETL packages, data in database and find the 
discrepancies, false positives and propose a solution. 

2. Compare data between the database systems and identifying the flaws, analyzing the error queue, 
coming up with a better solution by understanding the business requirement. 

3. Objective is to improve the system and improve the VPH which will add to the business value, CSR 
rating for United Health care insurance. 
 

 


