











































NAME

                                       BHISMARAM  MOHAPATRA     
           
                                                Present Address      
                
                                  Duplex # HD - 195, Dist: Gautam Budh Nagar,

                       Near Shree Ram millennium School, Noida Sec 135, UP

    






                                   







                              Email:bhismaram@gmail.com








          Mobile: 7503040929

Career objective 
To secure a position with a progressive and innovative corporate organization that will allow me to utilize my substantial background and being an important team player in organization’s success. I am looking forward to my overall development with the organization I work for.
Education:
MBA  (HR & Operations) from NIMS,  Delhi

Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) from Utkal University, Orissa
10+2(Commerce) from Council of Higher Secondary Education Orissa
ACCOMPLISHMENT:

1. I have completed my Lean training

2. Successful Public speaking

3. Advance Excel Training

4. Banking Domain Level 1

5. Data integrity and information security

6. Essential communication skill
Working experience:
· Company: GENPACT INDIA PVT. LTD
Duration: 22th Sept 2012 to till date

Designation: Senior Process Associate
Roles & Responsibilities: 
. 

· Process the request of Onshore to build the deal throuh Automation and submit with the guidelines set by the Australian government within 2 hours of SLA/TAT for their Clients.
· Prepare loan documents for Australian Clients looking for BMW, Mercedes, Audie's, Honda, VOLKSWAGEN, Hardson, Harvester, excavator, bulldozer etc.
· Build the deal through Digital System for the clients so that they can access the loan processing status anytime digitally.
· Prepare AML/CTF report to segregate not identified or identified customers and to prevent fraudulent activity against loan.
· Search for Companies registration status and directors list including historical details to check the eligibility of the client.
· Extract letter from PDF or Image file to text format as per the requirements using snipping tool.
· Email and Chat with Australian clients, State manager etc. to get confirmation as per business requirements.

· Sending Production nos. SLA & TOS report, Weekly Dash board etc.
· Handling customer escalation and resolving them within the specified turn around time(TAT).
· Support new joiners by handling their queries and download those updates From clients and share them with team regarding the process and share the feedback with FLMs to conduct refresher as required.

· Taking care of Team production within SLA, Quality and ensure daily and weekly target met.
Personal information

Date of Birth             :    April 28, 1986



Father's Name         :    Purnachandra Mohapatra

Nationality 
           :    Indian

Languages               :    English, Hindi, Oriya, Bengali

Hobbies                    :    Equity research, Net surfing, Watching Movies

Mobile                       :     (+91) 7503040929


I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:____/____/________


                            Bhismaram  Mohapatra     
