
















































			     CURRICULUM VITAE

VINIT KUMAR ANAND                      			      
 Rampadarath Nagar, P.o – Chak-
 Mahila, Bypass Bus Stand
 Dist- Sitamarhi (Bihar)- 843302						                                        
Email: vinitsitamarhi@gmail.com                                                  
Contact-9431223276, 7296006221    

                Looking for  job as BANKING OPERATION, CASHIER
 Working as Tech.CMP in Tata Consultancy Services (Bank of India Fi Project)

 CAREER objective
1. To achieve excellence in the all arena, by constantly taking up challenging assignments and continuously upgrade skills to keep pace with the rapidly changing environment. Excellent team player having good communication and interpersonal skills and good knowledge to computer work.

EXPERIENCE DETAILS 
 Working  as Tech.CMP in Tata Consultancy Services (Bank of India Fi Project) At Hazaribagh Zone & Jamshedpur zone from October 2014 to till yet.

teach. qualification
Computer 		:  P.G.D.C.A (Sterlite Foundation Sitamarhi), 2009(80%)
                                Windows98,WindowsXp,Vista,Win.7,Word,Excel,Powerpoint,Internet 
ITI			:  Diesel Mech. (NCVT), 2011 (82%)
education details
Passed graduation from b r ambedkar bihar university
Extra Curricular Activities
· Ambitious and passionate, with strong teamwork abilities and excellent communications skills.
· Fast learner and fast accommodation to new environments. High availability to stress and working against tight deadline.
· Hard worker and voluntary participated in all events.
· Strength- Convincing people at any situation.


Personal Details
Father’s Name		: Devesh Jha
D.O.B			 : 15/02/1986
Sex				: Male
Languages Known	: English, Hindi, and Maithli
Permanent Address	: Rampadarath Nagar, P.O- Chakmahila,P.S-                 Sitamarhi, Dist-Sitamarhi,(Bihar)-843302

Declaration:
I hereby solely declare that the above-furnished details are correct to the best of my knowledge.  


Date:-


Place:-								    
									…………………………
										Signature




