


















































Anand Soni
91/1116, Uday Appartment,
B/H Telephone Exchange, Naranpura,
Ahmedabad – 380013(Guj) India
M : +91 8460401670
E : bittu.soni13892@outlook.com

PERSONAL SUMMARY
A strong and inspirational leader who knows how to drive team members to greater success. Anand has experience of scheduling, supervising, and motivating branch staff so that they achieve maximum efficiency. He is an expert at managing a high level of customer expectations, dealing with complex managerial problems and ensuring that sales targets are met. On a personal level He has a professional appearance, enthusiastic attitude and has the ability to instil trust and confidence in customers. Right now He is looking for a suitable position that offers brilliant prospects for future development and career advancement.

CAREER HISTORY
Executive Accounts – 11 Sep 2017 to till date…
Unicorn Infosolutions Private Limited - Vadodara

Customer Service Officer – Assistant Manager - 01 Jun 2017 to till 09 Sep 2017
Equitas Small Finance Bank – Ahmedabad
Duties:
· Generating new business from customers.
· Building strong relationships with customers.
· Generating customer footfall.
· Resolving and customer issues in a timely and professional manner.
· Co-ordinating promotional activity.
· Analysing competitor activity.
· Maintaining accurate times sheets and personnel records.
· Implementing long term plans.
· Ensuring the security of the branch.


Associate Service Delivery Manager  - 21st March,2016 to 02nd Feb, 2017.
Indusind Bank Limited – Ahmedabad
Responsible for making sure the customer experience in the branch is the best on the high street.
Duties:
· Generating new business from customers.
· Building strong relationships with customers.
· Generating customer footfall.
· Resolving and customer issues in a timely and professional manner.
· Co-ordinating promotional activity.
· Analysing competitor activity.
· Maintaining accurate times sheets and personnel records.
· Implementing long term plans.
· Ensuring the security of the branch.

Executive  - Phone Banking – 02nd July,2013 to 08th January,2016.
ADFC Pvt Limited ( HDFC BANK) – Ahmedabad
Executive  - Healthcare Data Management – May 2012 to March 2013.
Mangalam Infotech Private Limited - Ahmedabad

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Management
·     Dealing with ever-changing requests from customers.
·     Able to work quickly.
·     Experience of working in a busy retail environment.
·     Knowledge of a wide spectrum of management disciplines.
·     Aptitude for providing a high degree of customer service.
·     Dealing effectively with unexpected scenarios.
·     Excellent listening and questioning skills.
·     Creating branch business plans.
·     Ensuring that a branch is profitable.
Personal
·     Committed to attaining & maintaining the qualifications required for the job.
·     Possessing a keen commercial mind.
·     Leading by example.
·     An exceptional communicator with good facilitation, coaching and influencing skills.
·     Having the drive and tenacity to make changes when they’re needed

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Spotting opportunities
Customer assistance


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
	Degree
	Board/University
	YOP
	Percentage

	B.com
	Gujarat University
	2012
	50

	H.S.C.
	G.S.H.E.B.
	2009
	71

	S.S.C
	G.S.E.B.
	2007
	80



REFERENCES
Available on request.
