



















































Govind Basnal
A – 001, Kingston Annex, Vasai west, Thane (401202), Maharashtra * 8879615911 / 9892510654 * govind.basnal1985@gmail.com

Career Objective	    			      
To continue my career with an organization that will utilize my MANAGEMENT, SUPERVISION & ADMINISTRATIVE skills to benefit mutual growth and success.

CORE COMPETENCIES		
· 


Customer Service
Client Management	
Cost Efficient
Work Force & Operations Management
People Management
Detailed and Organized


Professional Experience		

Sitel LTD, Mumbai.
(September 2011 – till date)

Manager 1, May 2015 till present

Managing the Global Command Center & Workforce Management Teams.
Leading a team of 38 professionals including Planners, Schedulers and RTA’s.
Catering to multiple international clients and managing Operations and other teams to ensure smooth functioning of business.
Review the forecast assumptions & scheduling deviations to validate the correct alignment with the recent trends.
Work on the Ramp Plans with the operations to ensure the Hiring recommendations are shared on a timely basis and are in line with the requirements.
Providing scenarios and recommendations for schedule optimization.
Improvise and enhance the current business by means of identifying opportunities to improve performance in a cost effective way.
Keep a tab on business performance and work on the business performance plan for the impacted LOB’s with the planner and the scheduler.
Sharing the account review with the Management team and keeping the leadership updated about the highlights and lowlights of the business.
Identifying the challenges/road blocks encountered by the team and eliminating the same via best suitable action plans to help the team perform to the best of their potentials.
Identifying the areas of opportunity for the team members and work on helping them improve via timely feedbacks and counselling.
Conducting Weekly reviews with the team to monitor the business performance and solicit the mitigation plans as required.
Outlining the development and growth plan for the team members and working in sync with the team to achieve the desired goal in their career path.
Plan and work on the team bonding activities to ensure that the team works in sync and feels positive and motivated always.




Team LEADER - Global Command Center
(September 2013 – April 2015)

Working in Coordination with the Operations/Planning/Scheduling and the IT teams for effective transition of accounts and smooth functioning of business.
Managing the GCC for multiple accounts including Retail Business and Technical Support with a team of 6 analysts.
Responsible for the Intraday Performance of the accounts and LOB’s.
Ensure that the performance for any given day moves in the right direction as planned.
Determine and allocate training and other shrinkages as per the business needs.
Plan for the cross skill trainings and movement of agents as per the availability.
Mitigation of any anticipated impact to the business on the current day or future days of the week/month.
Creating new and effective templates to set up the reporting structure for the accounts transitioned.
Ensuring the deliverables are met on time and issues/concerns are highlighted and resolved in the best possible ways.
Sharing every updates and information within the team by conducting briefings as required.
Attending the Weekly Review with the stake holders to discuss the business performance and areas of opportunities for a better optimization.
Deriving best output from the team and appreciating and motivating the team players for the good work displayed.
Providing appropriate and effective feedbacks by means of Counseling/Coaching sessions to the team members as and when required.
Grooming the team members in different ways like conducting training sessions, team meetings and team bonding activities, ensuring participation of the team members on the Hiring Plan Calls and Deviation calls etc.
Preparing and sharing the Pacman scores and performance appraisals on a timely basis every month.
Have ensured that the team works together as a unit and feels free to approach me for any issues/concerns/suggestions they might have whether official or at personal front.

	
Tech Mahindra Business Services Pvt LTD, mumbai.
Sr. Operations Analyst (September 2011 – September 2013)

Coordinating with Floor TL / TOM / HOD by highlighting efficiency via Call and Email.
Proactively highlighting non-adherence issue's to Operations and taking corrective measures.
Proactively balancing queue's to ensure center & department abandon % & SL % is under control at all times.
Monitoring of the overtime usage to ensure that the overtime is used in compliance with the directives from the site leadership.
Interacting with internal & external support functions.
Interacting with on shore team with regards to Network outages and getting the same resolved.
ID management and Reconciliation, Attendance capturing, Audit on Attendance Outage management.
Handling staffing related concerns / Seat allocations/ Break Schedules.
Sending real time reports on absenteeism, queue performance, late logins, schedule adherence, OT requirements and additional analysis.
Preparing department wise EOD reports.





Intelenet GLobal Services LTD
Sr. WFM Analyst (October 2010 – September 2011)

Monitoring staffing requirements.
Generating operations and client related reports on daily weekly & Monthly basis.
Interacting with internal & external support functions.
Interacting with Clients on day to day business activities.
Outage management
Handling staffing related concerns / Seat allocations/ Break Schedules.


WIPRO BPO LTD
(January 2006 – October 2010)

MIS / Real Time Analyst (December 2007 – October 2010)

Managing the floor Real Time for staffing adherence in Mumbai and remotely monitoring the floor for Pune location.
Ensuring that the SL and the Line Adherence is met for the account.
Mitigation of the real time impacts on the business.
Manage the BCP working in sync with other sites.
Preparing multiple intraday reports and publishing the same to the relevant audience.
Preparing the seat allocation for the floor.

Customer Service Associate 
(January 2006 – November 2007)

Interacting with US based customers for American Express Credit Cards.
Helping the callers with their requests and providing best of the solutions to their problems.
Maintaining confidentiality of customer details.
Helping customers to dispute unauthorized transactions on their accounts.
Addressing their complaints, suggestions and forwarding the same to appropriate departments for immediate resolutions.
Identifying the needs and requirements of card members and accordingly up selling new products.
Consistently meeting quality parameters and Sales Targets.
In a very short call taking span of 9 months was moved to the training team to help the trainers with the new batches.
Have handled a team of 15 associates in the absence of the team leader for 2 months, delivering best performance on CSAT and SALES.
Have floor walked for the new batches and help them pass through the OJT phase thus further improving the training throughput.
Monitoring quality parameters of the team members and providing effective feedbacks to gain desired outcome.





Page Point Services India LTD
Customer Service Representative (January 2005 – January 2006)

Interacting with customers from Indian market for Airtel India.
Providing them with necessary details.
Handling customer complaints.
Solving customer queries & issues.
Consistently achieving quality standards.


rEWARDS & rECOGNITIONS

Won the “Best Manager 1” Award Q4 2017.
Awarded with “The Call of Duty” for effectively leading the BCP and ensuring smooth functioning of business in the year 2017.
Manager 1 with maximum awards for the best team performances.
Consistently being in the top 3 performers in sales for American Express account in Wipro BPO.
100% achievement in CSAT throughout my tenure as a CSA with Wipro BPO.
CEO Award winner for the best team - Intelenet Global Services.


Education		
Mumbai UNIVERSITY, Mumbai, Maharashtra

SSC – Academic year (1999 – 2000)
HSC – Academic year (2001 – 2002)
Bachelor of Arts (2017 – 2018)


Additional Skills		
Experienced in account transitioning.
Experienced in Incident / Outage Management and ID Management for the Business.
Worked on CMS AVAYA, IEX, and Genesis.
Good experience in creating various time saving and user friendly templates on Excel.
Handling an Operations and Workforce team both.
Exceptional Customer Service and upselling skills.
Fluent with Speaking, Reading & Writing in English, Hindi and Marathi.


Hobbies

A moviegoer, spending time in Nature, Sports and Writing.

