









































 
 
 

 
 

MOHAMED VASEEM M 
 

No: 24/34, HMA Street, Jam Bazaar,                          : +91 9629761762 
Triplicane, Chennai – 600005.                                              :  mvaseem07@gmail.com 

 

Objective   
 

A Consultant of 7+ years experience with extensive subject matter expertise in IT Services Management (ITSM) 
to build and grow businesses by leveraging appropriate technology processes and innovations based on my 
Leadership experience. 
 

Core Competencies  
 

Strategic & Tactical Planning   Operations Delivery  Continuous Process Improvement 

Budgeting & Cost control   P&L Accountability  SLA Management 

Client/ Stakeholder/Vendor Management Transition Management  Team Management 
 

Trainings & Certification  
 

     ITIL® V3 Foundation Certificate 

     ITIL® Intermediate Certificate in Service Operations (SO) 

     ITIL® Intermediate Certificate in Service Transition (ST) 

 
Career Details  

 
    Process Specialist – Critical Incident, Problem & Change Manager 

    HCL Technologies Limited, Sholinganallur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 
    March 2015 – Present (44 months) 

 
 Critical Incident Manager: 
 

 Lead all the critical incidents (P1/P2) and ensure the Management process operates effectively 
and SLA are met. 

 Ensure process, procedure and work instruction documentation is up-to-date and 
promotes the correct use of the process. 

 Manage the escalations and function as a point of escalation for incident analysts. 
 Recommend process improvements to process owner and producing management 

information, including KPIs and reports. 
 Reviewing and auditing the process. 

 
 Problem Manager: 
 

 Ensures post-review of major problems by coordinating of all Problem Analysts, including 
suppliers and external teams, to ensure timely resolution of problems and close all problem 
records. 

 Coordinate between various support teams to identify the root cause of a problem and find 
a workaround or solution. 

 Ensure that the right resources are available to investigate, identify, and resolve the root 
cause of a problem. 

 Ensures reactive and proactive management of IT problems and owns the Known Error 
Database and ensures its maintenance. 

mailto:mvaseem07@gmail.com


Change Manager: 
 

 Coordinate and conduct meetings with Change advisory board (CAB) to discuss higher risk 
changes. 

 Authorize and approve minor/low change and have authority to implement or reject a 
change by assessing the risks involved. 

 Prepare Change Summary Sheet that summarizes all reviewed RFC’s. This sheet helps the 
CAB team to understand and evaluate the proposed change. 

 Create an RFC (Request for change) and update its status whenever required. Check and 
decide an implementation date, ensuring that it doesn’t conflict with other activities 

 Request for a review from technical peer who will ensure that all technical steps are 
appropriate and correct. 

 Ensure all necessary communication, documentation and testing are done prior to       
approval in SNOW. 

 Test and implement the change coordinating with the other impacted team prior to 
submitting the change and execute it on the scheduled date and time. 

 After successful completion provide closure status. 
 

    Senior Technical Consultant 
    Sutherland Global Service. Pvt. Ltd, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 
     September 2013 – February 2015 (18 months) 

 
 Handle critical tickets and resolve it within SLA. 
 Need to follow up with the vendors and get the update to share it with the client and 

stakeholders. 
 Give support to my team to resolve technical issues of the customers and get maximum 

CSAT. 
 Involved in taking up the escalation calls for better customer service. 
 End to End internet technical resolutions and give maximum team support. 
 Reporting on daily responsibilities and tasks assigned to me. 
 Perform RCA on missed SLAs and DSAT calls. 

 

   Senior Customer Services Executive 
   Dravtel Communications. Pvt. Ltd, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India 
    January 2011 – September 2013 (33 months) 

 
 Sale the product to customers and make them comfortable with the product. 
 Convince them to do huge sale by giving some bonus offers. 
 Involved in soft collections and have always exceeded the expectations. 
 Significantly targeted the high value customers. 
 Received the “Best Employee” award for the year 2011. 
 Handle the customers if they have any issues with the product. 

 
Education  

 
 Aalim Muhammed Salegh College of Engineering, Anna University, Chennai. 

 

Bachelor of Engineering (BE) in Computer Science with 65%. 2007 – 2011 

 
Personal Dossier  

 
Date of Birth  : 07th April 1990 
Languages Known : English, Urdu, Hindi and Tamil 
Passport Number : K0368359 
My Skype ID  : vaseecute 
References   : Available upon request 


