


















































Gobinda Giri

 (M) +919836178561
(R) +919748954958
Email: govindagiri110892@gmail.com

Objective

To obtain a position in an organization where i can deliver the best of my knowledge to bring out new ideas, contribute to the development of the company and growth with the organisation.


Job Experience
Wipro Ltd (20th August 2105 to present), project Engineer

· Part of an Application Support Desk team responsible for providing application support and troubleshooting for the clients.
· Interaction and co-ordination with the users directly and other teams to provide support and testing operations.
· Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction Emails (Appreciation emails).

Euphoria Infotech India pvt ltd (18th February 2015 to 18thAugust 2015), Full Stack Developer

· Worked as trainee developer on web Application. Developed, design and maintained web applications using Dot Net, MySQL, Java Script, HTML for west Bengal state government bodies.

Technology Summary

	Databases:
	Oracle, SQL



	Languages:
	Visual Basic, SQL, HTML, C#(ASP.NET), JavaScript 



	Software:
	Visual Studio, Remote desktop, SQL server management studio, SQL developer, HP Service Manager (Ticketing tool).




Academic Project Under Taken 

Have done winter training from Globsyn Finishing School (Kolkata) on “Advance java (JEE)”
From December 2012 – January 2013

Project Title: Automated student registration system

Role: Developer
.
Description: Automated student registration system is a system by which student registration process can be done. This system can be used by any education institute where registration process can be done online and automatically.

Achievements & Extra-Curricular 

· Performer of the year Award for best performance from the team.
· Participated in school CAB cricket.
· Painting.



Education

Graduation Details:

Future Institute of Engineering and Management – B. Tech in IT
University – West Bengal University of Technology, CGPA – 7.58

Personal Details

Permanent Address		: 66 Motilal Nehru Road Kolkata - 700029
Date of Birth			: August 11, 1991
Nationality			: Indian           
Religion			: Hindu        
Gender				: Male
Languages Known		: English, Bengali, Hindi, Oriya
Place				: Kolkata 








I declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.


                                                                                                                                                                       Gobinda Giri
