










































My CV

                 Ajay D. Shinde
Bldg. No.C-10, R.N-6, Sahyadri Nagar,  Charkop,

                                                               Kandivali (W), Mumbai


  CONTACT
                                                                                        E-mail:
ajayshinde9022@gmail.com
                                                                                                                            Phone: 
 +91 9819 920 837                         
To work with an esteemed organization having enormous growth rate that provides an excellent platform for developing and furnishing my knowledge, skills & which will help me to contribute towards achieving the organizational goals.
  Summary
EER     



MM Activities and Description:  (HDFC LIFE)
· Entering the Premium Receipts in Core System (Life Asia) for the Various Electronic mode of payments

processing & tracking Premium collection of PAN India Insurance Policy premium through Verious Electronic & Payment gateway modes like Electonic Clearing System, Standing Instruction,Online Net Banking,Direct Debit,Bill Pay, PAY U,Online Credit/Debit card Payment, Credit Card Mandate & Amex Card.
· Transferring amount from premium suspense to unclaimed on daily basis: Accurately Transferring amount
from premium suspense to unclaimed gather than 180 days on daily basis  
· Excess amount in premium suspense to be monitored and initiating refund for the same.

· Excess amount to be analyzed and payout to be initiated and ensuring there is no erroneous payout initiated. 

· Monitoring receipt passed in dead status to ensure receipt passed in dead status is analyzed    and no wrong refund is processed

· Monitoring  Monthly report are Company suspense  and Premium due, Money Back Suspense, Lapse Suspense and Payment Suspense.
· Passing journal entry in life Asia i.e. manual procedure Short premium JV Entries System rectification entries ,GST Reversal entries, fund transfer, Lock in charges JV, Fund transfer policy to policy.
                                  DVU - Loan document verification as per Bank KYC policy.(RBL Bank)
· Leading team involved in system approvals Account opening process in warding -DVU-Account opening-Disbursement.
· Maintaining Log of account opening AOF.
· Verify documents as per Bank KYC Policy & Updating DVU status and queries in DVU MIS.
· Booking Loans and Disbursements on time without any error also maintaining daily account opened status in Account Opening MIS.
· Managing error free & timely account opening process, co-ordinates with team members related process issues.
· Maintaining daily MIS of 20 BC branches also circulate it with BC branches.
· Preparing PDD MIS and TAT analysis
Scrutiny of form which are login from branch.(HDFC life) New Business
· Scrutinize the scanned document in WONDERS and cross check with the recorded information in LIFE ASIA.
· Verify the receipt no. & update the same in LIFE ASIA
· Converting the case one there is no FR or issue pending from branch.
· To insure that TAT’s for processing are achieved consistently for all transactions.
· Ensuring accuracy in processing.
· It is a team work and tray to achieve goal in specific given time.
HDFC Life                                          January 2016 — April 2018
Senior Associate – FCRM & Accounts
RBL Bank 
December 2012 — December 2015
Associate – Operation FI Ops
HDFC Life                                 



     Associate-Operation New Business

              January  2012 — December 2012
Sector Expertise – Insurance, Banking
Consistently  achieved Exceptional performance in appraisals and fast track promotions.
	  EDUCATION

	PGDM (Banking & Insurance)
	2016 — 2018

	
	Welingkar Institute of Management Development & Research
	

	
	Bachelors (Commerce)

N.M College of Commerce &  Economics


	2009— 2011


  SKILLS

Accounting Skills

 Reconciliation of Banks/MIS reports, Working in coordination with Operations & Resources Team, Handling Auditor’s Query  & Requirement, Handling Inter Entity  Loans.

Software Skills

Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), Tally, ERP, Ms Access

Value-Added Skills

Individual High performance & Efficient team work, Ensuring overall profitability, Effective communication and leadership skills, Building healthy client relationships to achieve high levels of customer satisfactions, Task oriented & Self Motivated, Time management, Reporting & Administration, Meeting expectations, deadlines and commitments, Effective Team  Player, Steadiness  under pressure.

English Hindi Marathi

  INTERESTS

Cricket
Music

  REFERENCES

References available upon request.

	
	 
	

	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	


CAREER OBJECTIVE



WORK EXPERIENCE



KEY ATTRIBUTES



LANGUAGES KNOWN







