



















































 

 

2009 – 2011  P.G.D.M. (MBA)  

IILM Gurgaon, Haryana, India 

2006 – 2008  M.Com. (Management) 

Jiwaji University, Gwalior, M.P., India 

2006 – 2007  P.G.D.C.A. 

Jiwaji University, Gwalior, M.P., India 

2003 – 2006  B.Com. 

Jiwaji University, Gwalior, M.P., India 

 

EDUCATION 

204, Building 2441, 15th Cross, 26th 

Main, Sector-1, HSR Layout, 

Bangalore, Karnataka-560102 

+91 9818824469 

+91 9818938469 

 

Sengar19jan1985@gmail.com 

Kulgourav.sengar@rediff.com 

 

 

 

  
KULGOURAV SINGH SENGAR 

Kulgourav Singh Sengar 

kulgourav.sengar 

Kukki Sengar  

A young dynamic professional with 7+ Years of integrated experience in Audit Issues/Actions/Operational Risk Events, 

Risk & Governance, Control Testing, Fraud Detection, Audit Analytics, Risk Analytics, MI Reporting, Stakeholder 

Management, Process Improvement, Project Management and Team Management 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

August 2017 – Present 

Associate (Manager - GCB 6) 
HSBC - Bangalore 

 

Key Deliverables 

 
Audit Issues/Actions, Control Testing, PIR Process, Risk Analytics, SharePoint Management and Automations 

 
Global Business Management – Markets Front Office Control Assurance Team: Controls Testing, Post 

Implementation Review process for New Product Due Diligence, Audit Issues/Actions/Risk Event and Analytics 

 

Work Scope: Work closely with the BRCM team and business managers to ensure all issues/actions, risks and 

controls are captured and managed in line with operational risk framework, Build the Internal Control Monitoring 

Plans for businesses within Global Markets in order to review and test effectiveness of key controls, Challenge 

effectiveness of controls and priority of risks as part of risk assessment refresh process, Support the BRCM team and 

the business managers in the maintenance and upload Risk/Controls/Issues/Actions/Events/Impacts into HELIOS, 

the Group’s operational risk management tool 

 

OBJECTIVE 

To obtain a position that enables me to utilize my strong 

abilities and organizational skills, Educational 

background and ability to work well with people and 

offers professional growth while being resourceful, 

innovative and flexible. 

 

WORKING PROFILE 

 Performing Control Testing for DFA – Pre Traded -

Mid Market Mark, Volcker Rule and PIR Process 

 Capable in implementing various systems (as-is & 

to-be analysis) and reviewing processes as per 

business specifications 

 Developed various complex data analytics models 

using SQL, MS Access, MS Excel and VBA for 

clients with respect to process improvements, fraud 

detection, Identify the Risk, Effectiveness of the 

controls and cost saving opportunities, 

 Excellent Comprehensive Problem Solving Skills, 

Communications and analytical abilities to manage 

multiple projects and competing priorities as well as 

ability to deal people diplomatically, willingness to 

learn team facilitator hard worker. 

  

mailto:Sengar19jan1985@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/kulgourav-singh-sengar
https://www.facebook.com/kukki.sengar


RÉSUMÉ 
  

 

- Assist Front Office Business Managers/Control Officers in the maintenance and control of items into ORION, the 
Group’s Operational Risk management tool and AID. (Risk Assessments, Issue and Actions, Incident/losses, Internal 

Control Monitoring Plans).  

- Production of weekly/monthly Issue and Actions report. Ensuring that actions plans have been remediated and items 

are closed in timely manner. 

- Assist in developing and implementing best practice and Global Standards across Markets 
- Team Admin.  Management of Holiday booker, central comms management, share point administration. 

- Work closely with the system owners (Operational Risk and Audit teams) to highlight any functionality or 
performance issues. 

- Responsible for ensuring seamless communication and teamwork between Control resources in Onshore locations 
and counterpart resources in Bangalore 

- Building strong relationships with counterpart resources in Onshore locations  

- Partially working on Dodd-Frank Pre-Trade Mid-Market Mark Testing. 

- Partially Working on Dodd-Frank – Volcker Rule – Testing 

- Managing the SharePoint for Senior Level Management and regularly get in touch with seniors in regards to manage 

latest information. 

 

       Software:  MS Excel, MS Access, MS Word, MS Power Point, Tableau and Visual Basic (With Macros) 

Current Status: Working 

 

September 2014 – July 2017 

Assistant Manager 
Barclays Shared Services - Noida 

 

Key Deliverables 
Risk & Governance – Audit Analytics, Risk Analytics, Data Analytics, Reports Making, Review and Risk Event 

Quality Assurance 

 
Audit Issues, Regulatory Issues, Risk Event Breaches for Approved/Unapproved, Risk Event Quality 

Assurance Process and MI for UK, Americas and Asia Region: MI Reporting and Analytics 

 

Work Scope: Reviewed daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, half yearly and yearly data to compare and analysis for 

senior level management and developing and maintaining strong client relationship, Execution and delivery on live 

processes. 

 

- Developed and maintained strong onshore team relationship (MD, Directors, and VP from UK, Americas and Asia 

region). 

- Provided logistical support to control questions across the IB, ensuring the IB can respond to various senior 

stakeholders, helping to answer the question "Are we in control?" 

- Worked on multiple data sources or systems i.e. Synergy (Audit Issues), BRES (Barclays Regulatory System), 

ORAC (Operational Risk Assessment Control), Audit Tracking Tool, CITAM (Control Issues Testing and 

Monitoring) to develop and deliver Controls Issue Dashboard for the Chief Controls Office of UK, Americas and 

Asia region (data volume – approximately 3500 Issue) 

- Was Tracking and analyzing all the communications between Issue Responsible Business Executives or Issue Owner 

through mails. 

- Experience in writing technical documentation and user guides; providing end-user training and support (SOPs). 

- Record all the breaches related to the Risk Events and prepare weekly/monthly consolidate analysis reports based on 

their discovery, creation and approval dates. (data volume approximately 600 Risk Events) 

- Downloading data from ORAC (Operational Risk Assessment Control) system and analyzing the change history of 

the Risk Events and verify the Risk Events for breaches and re approvals against the threshold and this is complete 

manual process (data volume – approximately 70 Risk Events). 

- Responsible for quality assurance of Risk Events i.e. event description, financial details and escalation rating as per 

the threshold. 

- Analyzing and mining data to identify patterns, trends and correlations among the various data points. 

- Prepare Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly and Yearly comparative analysis for stakeholders 

- Direct and daily coordination with onshore team and IRBEs 

- Identify the Risk in the process and apply Internal Controls to reduce the errors or risks.   

- Analyze complex data sets and convert them into the information which drives business decisions. 



RÉSUMÉ 

 

 

  

 

July 2011 – September 2014 

ANALYST 
BMR Advisors Pvt. Ltd. – Gurgaon  

  

Key Deliverables 

 
Risk & Advisory – Data Analytics, Report Making & Review and Quality Assurance 

(Analyze and verify the data for rewards, incentives, commission and profits) 
 

- Reviewed SOPs with objective to ensure about existing practices are in line with the defined SOP 

- Collected and analyzed data to detect deficient controls, duplicate effort, extravagance, fraud, or non-compliance 

with laws, regulations, and management policies 

- Analyzed & Evaluated Internal Controls for the Company 

- Compiled and presented audit findings, recommended control and business practice improvements 

- Designed models for data integration checks, computation and post computation checks for a leading insurance 

company to compute monthly, quarterly, half yearly and yearly incentives and rewards with use of SQL , MS 

Access, MS Excel with macros and VBA.  

- Designed and performed data analytics for clients, especially in Banking and Financial Services Industry with the use 

of tools like MS Excel, SQL, MS Access and VBA.  

- Prepared data requirement after evaluation and analyze data/business processes to solve or identify business 

problems/saving and improvement opportunities with business impact.  

- Designed and developed various financial and non-financial models with use MS Excel and MS Access across 

industries especially in BSFI with in-built controls.  

- Performed data analysis with use of SQL/MS Access for analytics like route optimization, minimum rate product, 

breach of minimum stock levels etc.  

- Designed & implemented various financial reports and data integration model for securitization. 

- Worked on secondary research project which was related to – AML KYC Process and IP Infringement. 
 

Project Undertaken (with BMR Advisors) 
 

 Russian Alphabets Converter (Duration- 1 month) 

It converts Russian names and alphabets in English alphabets. With the help of this converter, one can convert Russian 

names into English names within a second. 

Software: MS Excel and Visual Basic 

Current Status: Active 

 

 PNB MetLife Insurance Company (Duration- 3 Years) 

Assignment: To ensure accuracy of incentives and rewards payouts 

Work Scope: Reviewed monthly, quarterly, half yearly and yearly payout computations. 

Data Volume: Approximately 25 thousand rows data (MS Excel format) 

 

 Developed an analytical model on MS Access with in-built checks and controls to perform computation of the  

incentives and rewards based on dynamic parameters and generate exception reports 

 Commission rate set-up in the system were reviewed with the respective agreement and regulatory requirements 

 Collated data across databases and identified missing linkages 

 Conducted over 600 reviews for incentive and commission schemes reports over 3 years and reported 900 

observations. 

 

Software: MS Excel, MS Access, MS Word, MS Power Point and Visual Basic 

Current Status: Project Accomplished 

 

 

 



RÉSUMÉ 
 

  

 

 Heidelberg Cement Manufacturer (Duration- 1 Month) 

Assignment: Process Improvement and Opportunity Assessment 

Work Scope: Procurement, Inventory management, Supply chain, Order to Cash, MIS framework 

Data Volume: Approximately 10 lacs rows data (MS Access format) 

 

 Key impacts of saving of Rs. 5 Cr. In route optimization in supply of material 

 Recommended an action plan for mitigating the process gaps/ risks identified 

 Developed a MIS framework to compute and monitor the key performance indicators 

 

Software: MS Excel, MS Access and Visual Basic 

Current Status: Project Accomplished 

 

 Citi and Santander Bank Securitization (Duration- 9 Months) 

Assignment: To ensure accuracy of data and responsible for representation of data 

Work Scope: Reviewed raw data and data integration checks 

Data Volume: Approximately 2500 rows data (MS Excel format) 

 

 Developed a macro based excel for run all data integrity checks for raw data. (Weekly Process) 

 Prepared summary with pass and fail data integrity checks and report it to the seniors as well as client. 

 Also prepared waterfall charts, column charts, bar charts, pie charts and data tables to represent data into the ppt. 

(Total slides around 95) 

 Responsibility level – Critical  

 

Software: MS Excel and Visual Basic 

 

Anti-Money Laundering - Politically Exposed Person (PEP), Correspondent Banking and IP Infringement 
(Secondary Research)  
 

- Global Research of Politically Exposed Person (PEP Screening)  
- Create a Complete Portfolio of PEP's  
- Listing and making master structure  
- Maintaining Database  
- Due Diligence, Know your Customer (KYC)  
- Overcome language issues through various translators  
- Identify and populate the RDC GRID with detailed information on global PEPs by performing adequate due 

diligence through research from government, public and other valid sources  

 

- Identify & list down banks parent or subsidiary branch with all the status since it’s founded, About board of directors 
or regulators and ownerships with working System 

- Making MIS report by consolidate the data  
- Making final reports  

 

- Identify & list down the IPs of site and its owner with its details  
- Search about related links and companies with owners  
- Check the information  
- Consolidate the data  
- Prepare final report of each website 
 



RÉSUMÉ 

 Office Work  MS Excel, MS Access, MS  

Word, MS Power Point  

(Excellent Command) 

 Analytical & BI Tools  SAS & Tableau   

(Having some knowledge  

and working experience) 

 ERP Software SAP S&D Module  
(Having knowledge) 

 Content Management System MS SharePoint 

(Having some knowledge and working experience) 

 Languages  C, C++, Visual Basic 

 A/C Software Tally A/C Software 

 

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 

Winner 1st Place 

 Presentation ‘Computer Virus’ at College level. 

1st Rank 

 PGDCA (Post Graduate Diploma in Computer 
Applications) 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS 

Name  : Kulgourav Singh Sengar 

Father’s Name : Mr. G.K.S.Sengar 

Birthday  : 19 January 

Nationality : Indian 

Gender  : Male 

Marital Status : Unmarried 

Languages  : Hindi and English 

 

PERSONAL PROFILE 

 

 


