












































Mrs. Jayashree Yogesh Devkar                                                          
Contact No: - 9029167220

                     jayashreeydevkar@gmail.com
	Objective


I am looking for a challenging position as an “Accounts & Back Office Assistant” in a leading organization, which will give me an opportunity to learn and refine my skills talent and potentials, and where I can make a worthy contribution.

	Experience


1. Conneqt Business Solutions Ltd (Earlier-Tata Business Support Service Ltd. (Thane))
Currently working in TATA BSS/ as a Office Assistant in Rejection Dept. from 1st Oct, 2016. 
Responsibilities
· Passing Bouncing entries in SAP/BANCS & FINNONE System as per online Bank MIS received. Publish Daily Rejection Report as per details provided. Prepare related Pivot Table and Solve mails relation to Rejection Dept. 
· Audit of Prepaid & Postpaid Customer Application Form as per Area.  
2.  Sankalp Consultants (Architect – Thane)
· One year experience as an Office Assistant & Accountant (for the period 1st Oct,              2012 to 30th Nov, 2013)

3. C.S.Diesel Engineering Pvt. Ltd. (Rabale)

One year experience as an Account Assistant (for the period 1st Nov, 2007 to 15th Nov, 2008).
Responsibilities      

· Responsibilities handled during the engagement are- Accounting of Purchase, Sales & Bank transactions, maintaining Petty Cash Register. Accounting of petty cash transactions in the account’s software of the company. 

· Reconciliation of Bank Statement every month (Online Banking).
4. Bimal R.Mehta & Associates (C.A.-Vidyavihar)

One and half year’s experience as an Accounts Assistant & Computer Operator (for the period 1st Sep, 2005 to 31st March, 2007).
Responsibilities     
· Maintaining Petty Cash Register, Bank Entries & Shares Working in Tally &       Excel and Reconciliation of Bank Statement every month.(Online Banking)
	  Academic Profile


Qualification

Month/Year 

Percentage
Name of the Institute




Of passing

B.Com


Mar- 2004

66.00%
Mumbai University
H.S.C.


Mar- 2001

65.33%
Mumbai Board
S.S.C.


Mar- 1999

58.00%
Mumbai Board
	Computer Knowledge


Proficient in windows based application software like Microsoft Word and Excel, Tally, Internet. Having Knowledge of VLOOKUP, Pivot Table, Auto Filter, and BANCS & SAP.
	Personal Details


 Date of Birth

: 12th October, 1983
 Nationality

: Indian.

 Gender

: Female.

 Marital Status

: Married.

 Hobbies

: Listening Music, Reading.

 Languages Known
: English, Hindi and Marathi. 

Permanent Address: 
Jayashree Yogesh Devkar
Bldg.No.2/102,Brahmand Ph1chs,
Azad Nagar,Ghodbandar Road,Thane-West.
	Declaration


I hereby declare that above said furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:  

Place: Thane




            (Jayashree Y. Devkar)
