














































 

Kshitij Nawal 
Email: nawal.kshitij@gmail.com          Mobile: +91 8976229899                                                   

 

 

 
 

 

 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deloitte Haskins & 
Sells LLP 
(Mumbai, India) 
 
Assistant Manager 
(Statutory Audit) 
 
March 2017 to  
May 2018 

Statutory Audit 

 Exposed to Statutory Audit of Cables, Cans and Pigments 

Manufacturing Companies, Garment Trading Company, Financial 

Institution, Company providing Housekeeping Services and Non-Profit 

making organisations. 

 Performed Substantive Testing on various line items of Balance Sheet 

and Profit & Loss Statement by performing vouching & verifying on 

documents pertaining to them, verifying assertions at each level. 

 Preparing and analysing monthly variance and ageing of Trade 

Receivable, Trade Payable, Revenue from Operations and Purchases 

to identify any significant changes during the year.  

 Ensuring compliance with requirements of Companies Act and 

Accounting Standards on reporting in Financial Statements. 

 Ensuring compliance with other applicable Laws and regulations. 

 Obtaining and verifying external confirmations for outstanding assets 

and liabilities as at the period end. 

 Reviewed Minutes of Board Meetings and Annual General Minutes to 

understand major transactions performed during the audit period. 

 Performed Physical Verification of Fixed Assets and Inventories. 

 Prepared Audit Report and presented the same for review to seniors. 

 Done extensive documentation as per firm’s guidelines. 

 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Performed Control Testing of various business processes for ensuring 

effectiveness of controls setup for mitigating various identified risks. 

 Performed Walkthrough procedures to validate the Design and 

Implementation of Controls for the risks identified are in place. 

 Managed discussion of observations with the respective process 

owners and recommended controls necessary to mitigate risk. 

 

1+ year post qualification experience  Exposure to various industry segments 

Significant exposure in Statutory Audit of Private as well as Listed Companies 
 

 

Freelancer       

June 2018 till date 

 Provided Feasibility report for setting up a R&D centre in India to a US client. 

 Provided a literature review and article on Sales Balanced Scorecard. 

 Conducted Stock Audit of Manufacturing company 

 Filed Income Tax Return of Individuals 

mailto:nawal.kshitij@gmail.com


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

Completed classroom training on certificate course of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Detection 

conducted by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India during 30
th 

June to 21
st

 July 2018. 

 

 

 Martial Art – Kung Fu 

- Awarded Black belt in Shaolin Martial Arts by Association of Martial Arts Shaolin Kung Fu 

(Mumbai) 

- Participated and won prizes in kick-boxing at state and national level championship 

- Trained students under Martial Art as a Master at Association of Martial Arts Shaolin Kung Fu 

 Other Interests 

- Playing Carrom, Badminton and Cricket 

- Trekking and other adventurous activities 

 
 

 Having good work experience on MS Excel, MS Power Point and MS Word. 

 Exposed to ERP system like SAP, One Team and accounting software like Tally   

  
 

 Date of Birth             : 22
nd

 March 1994 

 Marital Status          : Unmarried 

 Languages                 : English, Hindi & Marathi 

 Nationality                : Indian 

 Passport                    : Republic of India (S8314705) 

 Residential Address: A-304, Ganadhish Apartment, Chogle Nagar, Near Shani Mandir, Borivali 

(East), Mumbai – 400 066.   

 

Qualification Institute/University Year of Passing Marks Obtained 
Chartered Accountant   The Institute of Chartered 

Accountants of India 

November 2016 52 % 

Bachelor of Commerce   University of Mumbai India April 2015 CGPA 6.08/ Grade - A 
HSC - 12

th
 Maharashtra State Board, 

Pune 

February 2012 82 % 
SSC - 10

th
  March 2010 86 % 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

COMPUTER SKILLS 

 

Pathak H.D. & 
Associates 
(Mumbai, India) 
 
Articled Assistant 
(Statutory Audit) 
 
October 2013 to  
October 2016 

 Exposed to Statutory Audit under Companies Act and Quarterly Audit 

under SEBI guidelines of Infrastructure company – Reliance 

Infrastructure Limited, Hotel Industry – Khanna Hotels Private Limited 

and Service Industry – Jetair Private Limited. 

 Conducted Tax Audit of companies under sec 44AB of Income Tax Act. 

 Performed Certification work relating to Net Worth of a company, 

bidding for Projects, Asset Capitalisation etc. 

 Conducted Physical Verification of Fixed Assets and Inventories. 

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION 

 

OTHER COURSES 

 


