














































	CURRICULUM VITAE

	

	Name
	Vidhi  Pravin Shah

	Address
	A 402 , Vidhyadham Flats,

	
	Opp. Bhatuji Mandir, Nr.Vidhya Kunj Society

	
	Manjalpur,  Baroda- 390 011, Gujarat, India.

	
	

	Contact NO.
	Mob. No. (Own)  8866690705 ,   (Father )  9228794450

	
	

	Date of Birth
	3rd  May,  1995

	
	

	Email
	Vidhishah199531@gmail.com

	
	

	Educational Qualification
		Exam passed
	Board/University
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	CA-IPCC Group-1
	The Institute Of Chartered Accountant of India
	NOV-2016
	51%

	M.COM (Accounting & Finance)
	The Maharaja Sayajirao University (Baroda)
	May-2018
	50%

	B.COM
	The Maharaja Sayajirao University (Baroda)
	May-16
	
70%

	H.S.C
	G.S.H.E.B (English Medium)
	2013
	67%

	S.S.C
	G.S.H.E.B (English Medium)
	2011
	70%




	
	

	Articleship Experience
	Since last 23 months  I am serving as an  Article Assistant at Mukund & Rohit Associates –Chartered Accountant Firm  in Baroda (Gujarat)  
During my Articleship  I have worked in following Areas
· Statutory Department  – I  have been  a part of Audit team for I.T Company, Manufacturing  and Trading Companies 
· Stock Audits of big Departmental Stores & Manufacturing Companies
· System Audit of a Manufacturing Company


	
	

	IT Skills and other Activities
	
· Proficiency in M.S Excel ,M.S Word &  M.S Power point presentation
· Accounting  Software- TALLY ERP 
· Compu Office software  for It returns , Tax Audit reports & other tax related purpose 
· and also Attended  in C.A. Students Conference .

	
	

	Objective
	 I want to pursue a challenging carrier which demands best of my abilities and my professional skills which will help me to enhance and build my knowledge and skills.  I want to be a part of organization and team which will give me opportunity to prove my abilities and potential.

	
	

	About my self
	→   Self-motivated focused and dedicated. 
→ Highly adaptive and believe in perfection. 
→ Energetic, enthusiastic and agile. 
→ Hard working, emotionally strong. 
→ Innovative, skills of leadership and resourceful. 


	Languages Known
	English ,Gujarati &Hindi 

	
	

	Hobbies
	Travelling, Cooking, Reading  & Art & Craft


  
Declaration: I hereby declare that the above mention information is correct up to my Knowledge and Belief
Place: 	Vadodara
