













































Nithin Kamath - Resume


 

Email: bharatrajan99@gmail.com 
Bharat rajan E C       Mobile: 8123320239 

 

OBJECTIVE: 
 

 Looking for an ambitious company which will challenge my developer and problem solving skills and 
allow me to continue to develop my knowledge and potential. 
 
CAREER SUMMARY: 
 

 3.10 years of professional experience in IT and Enterprise Web Application Development. 

 Hands on experience in JAX-RS (RESTful Web Services), OAuth, JQuery, JDBC, Servlets, JSP. 

 Experience in working with Spring 4.x 

 Hands on experience in Java, J2EE technologies and Object Oriented Programming concepts. 

 Hands on experience in working with Jasper Reports. 

 Good practical understanding of Payroll, Pension Domain. 

 Java Software Professional with in depth understanding of all phases, focusing on translating business 
requirements into viable technical solutions. 

 Excellent Analytical thinking and problem solving skills. 
 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
 
Languages:            Java SE, Java EE 
RDBMS & Tools:           PostgreSQL 9.5 
Web Technologies:              Thymeleaf 3.2, JSP, Servlets, JQuery, JavaScript, HTML, XML, XSLT, Restful API 

Web Framework:           Struts 1.x, Spring4.x, Log4J, OAuth 
Server Software:           Tomcat, JBoss Wild Fly 8.2 
Configuration Tools:           Smart CVS 7.1.6, Maven 

OS Platforms:            MS Windows, Linux 
IDE:                                      Eclipse, Software Tool Suite (STS) 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
 

 Module Leader in I.T Contractors Pvt. Ltd – Bangalore  (Jan 2016 to Present) 
 Software Developer in I.T Contractors Pvt. Ltd – Bangalore (Jan 2014 to Dec 2015) 

 
PROJECT SUMMARY: 
 
AeExchange 
 

 AeExchange helps to simplify AE Pension complications with a one stop comprehensive integrated AE 
solution for AE data, AE assessments and AE Comms letters. Adopting state of the art technology, the 
features of this innovative approach are detailed below: 

 Batch Processing for Payroll Bureau: A payroll bureau may use CSV files or API to submit their AE data 
from different clients to aeExchange in batch. AeExchange will in turn conduct AE assessments, produce 
AE Comms letters, and further submit the data to respective pension providers in batch. 

 Batch Processing for Employers: Employers too can also conveniently submit their AE data for different 
pay periods in batch for us to process. 

 Batch Data Collection for Pension Providers: For those pension providers who have a working API, the 
data will go straight through from our system to theirs over Https. For those pension providers who 
have yet to provide an API, they can visit the www.aeExchange.com post box and collect the AE data 
which has been placed there by payroll bureaus and employers, in the correct format. 

 Technology: Cent OS 6, Java, Servlets, Thyme leaf, Spring, Ajax, JQuery, RESTful API, OAuth,  
Jasper Reports & PostgreSQL,  JBoss Wild fly 8.2, Maven,  Log4J,  SpringToolSuite (STS). 

 

mailto:bharatrajan99@gmail.com


 

 
EfileReady 
 

 EFileReady is an e-filing specialist providing an exceptionally user friendly and cost effective e-filing 
system allowing you to e-file every document you need to submit HMRC and Companies House (CH). 
Whether you are making eReturns for RTI payroll, iXBRL Accounts, CIS, VAT or Pension, etc, our system 
will help you to complete them with ease. For more than eight years we have successfully served many 
household name companies, enabling them to send their various eReturns to HMRC and CH. We can 
eliminate any worries you may have regarding XML or IXBRL data interchange complications as our 
intelligent auto data conversion engine does all the work for you. 

 EReceipts are also one of the services in the e-filing package we provide. Here EfileReady intelligent data 
converter will automatically convert any notices such as P6, P9, SL1, SL2, RTI NINO Notice etc. from 
HMRC into easy to ready PDF & easy to handle CSV files. Many customers have used our system for 
auto-tax code updates. 

 Technology: Cent OS 6,  Java,  Servlets,  Thyme leaf,  Spring,  Ajax,  JQuery,  RESTful API,  OAuth,  Jasper 
Reports & PostgreSQL,  JBoss Wild fly 8.2, Maven,  Log4J,  SpringToolSuite (STS). 

 
Super Trust 
 

 With the introduction of the Pensions Act 2008 all employers in the United Kingdom are required to 
automatically enroll their employees into pension scheme. Auto enrolment is being phased in between 
2012 and 2018, starting with larger employers, although reducing to medium and small employers. 

 Employers are required to assess their workforce based on their earnings, age and working status into a 
pre-defined worker category i.e. Eligible, Non-Eligible, Entitled Worker. 

 Each category holds individual obligations under auto enrolment to which the employer must adhere to 
once they reach their staging date. 

 There are a set of requirements for the pension scheme used for auto enrolment, particular those 
designed to accept employers with any number of workers. The Super Trust Pension Scheme & its 
supporting controls systems are specifically designed to ensure employers, advisors and payroll agents 
can deal with the employer obligations while matching to the capabilities of their current accounting 
employee benefit and/or payroll solutions. 

 Super Trust accepts all employers regardless of size, industry or demographic – ensuring they have a fast 
and simple solution ready for their staging date. 

 Technology: Cent OS 6,  Java,  Servlets,  Thyme leaf,  Spring,  Ajax,  JQuery,  RESTful API,  OAuth,  Jasper 
Reports & PostgreSQL,  JBoss Wild fly 8.2,  Maven,  Log4J, SpringToolSuite (STS). 

  
EDUCATION: 
 

 Bachelor of Computer Science Engineering (2008-2012) from Er.Perumal Manimekalai College of 
Engineering, Hosur (Affiliated to Anna University Chennai) with 7 CGPA 

 12th Board (2008) from Don Bosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Krishnagiri with 73.4% 

 10th Board (2006) from Krishiland Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Krishnagiri with 75% 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 
Date of Birth:   22-11-1990 
Father Name:   Elanchezhyan T 
Mother Name:   Mani R 
Gender:   Male 
Hobbies:   Cricket, Movies 

 
 
 
Place: Bangalore            Bharat rajan E C 


