














































CA. Komal Sharma  
komalsharma1593@gmail.com 
+91 88712 57021, +91 91313 10739 
 

 
 

CAREER OBJECTIVE  
 

A Qualified Chartered Accountant, diligent and sincere, is looking for an opening in a growth oriented 
organization, to carve out a dynamic and challenging career with responsible position which helps me 
grow as an individual and improve myself in every sphere as well as offers opportunity to contribute 
my learning towards the overall success of organization too. I look forward enjoying whatever I do, 
be it work or leisure. 
  

 
ACADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION        

 

Particulars Institution Year 
➢ C.A. Institute Of Chartered 

Accountant of India 

May -2018 

➢ B.Com IGNOU December-2015 
➢ HSC CBSE March -2011 
➢ SSC CBSE March-2009 

 
 

ARTICLESHIP WORK EXPERIENCE  
 

➢ JAIN & CO. Chartered Accountants, is a Professional firm in Indore. This firm engaged in the 
areas of Auditing and Assurance, Taxation, Statutory Audits and Internal Audit for last 25 years.  
I was associated with the firm from 2nd September 2013 to 9th May 2016. 

 
Responsibilities includes: 

Taxation Area:  

➢ Got the practical exposure of both direct as well as indirect taxes (Service tax). 

➢ Preparation of filling of return of all types of taxes such as Income tax, TDS, Professional tax, 

Service Tax. 

➢ Well acquainted with various laws and regulations of regarding registration procedure under 

income tax and service tax. 

➢ Handled income tax assessments. 

➢ Tax deduction at source work [issuance form 16 and 16a along with periodic return]. 

 
Auditing & Assurance:  

➢ Statutory Audits of Crown Palace Hotels Pvt.Ltd, Ujjain Diesels Ptv.Ltd, Savi Autotech Pvt.Ltd. 

➢ Statutory audit of Dall mill. 

➢ Tax audit of partnership firm and proprietorship concerns. 

➢ Audit of bosch service centre. 

➢ Audit of nursing home. 

 

 

 

 
1

mailto:Komalsharma1593@gmail.com


Accounts: 

➢ Finalization of Accounts & Preparation of Statement of Profit & Loss and Balance sheet. 
➢ Statutory and Tax Audit Reports, Ledger Scrutiny, Fixed asset Register and Bank Reconciliation 

Statement & petty Cash maintenance. 
 
Law: 

➢ Preparation & filing of ROC returns, checking of shareholder’s registers as well as minutes’ 

books. 

 
Finance: 

➢ I was involved in the preparation of CMA data of Anandmayi milk Pvt.Ltd, where key areas 
were project planning, forecasting and analysis of the key financial assertions of the company. 

➢ Also, I had prepared project reports for various companies. 

 
Other:  

➢ Preparing audit programs in consultation with client. 
➢ Analysis of draft financial statements including notes to accounts. 
➢ Compliance with requirements of schedule III of companies act 2013, Accounting Standards. 
➢ Drafting audit reports as per the reporting requirements of Companies Audit Report Order, 

2016 (CARO) 
 
 

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  
 

➢ Successfully completed computer training course, 35 hr. orientation program and course of 
General Management Communication Skills and 100 hrs Advanced IT conducted by ICAI. 

➢ Participated in National Convention held at Indore by Indore Branch Of Central India Chartered 
Accountants Students Association (CICASA) of ICAI. 

➢ Attended seminars on Tax Audit organized by CICASA, Indore. 
➢ Attended various cultures programs in school. 

➢ Actively participated in various program in school sports, and other activities’. Won First prize 
in March past and Stick Jump. 

 

 

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY  
 

➢ Working knowledge of MS-word, MS-excel & Power Point 
➢ Familiar with Internet Operations. 
➢ Accustomed to working in different places. 
➢ Expertise in working with Smart Tax, Smart TDS. 

 
 

PERSONAL PROFILE 
 

Date of Birth 15th August 1993 
Father’s Name Mr. Rameshwar Sharma 
Mother’s Name Mrs. Santosh Sharma 
Languages Known English, Hindi 
Permanent Address 168/2 Green park colony, Behind Shree Krishna Mangal Parisar, 

Burhanpur (450331), Madhya-Pradesh  
Interest Listening songs, Hanging out with friends. 

 
 
 
 
 
 

2 


