












































VINOD A M
EMail Id: lifeamvinod@yahoo.com| phone no.: 08754738070
VINOD A M


Objective
Responsible Technical Support Executive who is an expert at using metrics to improve associate performance. Adept at developing efficient metrics guidelines training technical support associates and improving technical support performance based on input from the Client.
HIGHLIGHTS
· Having 5+years of experience in the field of Software Support Executive(Tech Support)and IT Desktop Support.
· Experience in support for ERP, Maintenances Management Software, PACS, HIS, LIS, PHARMACY. 
· Experience in OS Installation (Windows XP,7,8,10) and Upgradation.
· Knowledge in installation, configuration & administration in different versions of SQL Server.
· Strong exposure on performance and tuning Hardware and Software, Windows OS
· Good knowledge in Software support related to products.
· Ability to troubleshoot technical problems, demonstrate problem solving and resourcefulness in obtaining information.
Education
	Qualification
	Institution
	University/Board
	Course Completion
	Percentage

	B.E EEE
	Noorul Islam College of Engineering, Nagercoil
	Anna University, Chennai
	2012
	67

	HSC
	APCV Matric Hr. Sec School, Tuticorin
	State Board
	2007
	72

	SSLC
	APCV Matric Hr. Sec School, Tuticorin
	Matriculation
	2005
	77


Experience
Allied Business solution, Chennai.
	Role
	: 
	SOFTWARE SUPPORT EXECUTIVE

	Duration
	: 
	March 2016 to September 2017

	
	
	



Roles and Responsibilities:
●	Implementation and Software Support for the Clients in India and all over the World.
●	Adhere to client templates, instructions, and project specifications.
●	Installing, maintaining and upgrading standard and custom software packages for Clients all over the World.
●	Deals with PACS and various modality connection with Imaging Software, MediView.
●	Deals with HIS, Pharmacy application its implementation, support and also training provided to the Client.
●	Providing online, remote assistance and also offline for technical faults.
●	Maintaining updated records of daily activities and compile reports received from junior executives.
●	Testing new applications and features and preparing technical documents for the same.
●	Periodic maintenance of Client software system and verification.
●	Provide technical environment for the programmers in the Official and also in the client Side.
●	Installation, Upgradation and technical issues related to computer hardware and Software in the Official side. 

IT SUPPORT 
Sri Ranga Infotech
Role			: 	IT SUPPORT
Duration			: 	DECEMBER 2012 to March 2016
Roles and Responsibilities:
· Performing annual maintenance support.
· Performed troubleshooting user problems relating to Operating System issues, Network Connectivity, TCP/IP configuration, upgrades, MS Office products and Internet connectivity
· Performed upgrades, installation of s/w drivers and essential desktop troubleshooting
· Managed to resolve hardware and software issues through communications
· Deployed updates, service packs & hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Update, & Group Policies
· Responded and recorded calls, emails related to Computer Support issues like software installations, updates, and licensing issues
· Worked in multiple desktop programs, configuration and debugging techniques
· Installed logical printers on a print server and preparing print server to host clients.
· Troubleshooting hardware peripherals like printer’s modem etc.
· Ensured to track all the issued hardware and software inventories.

SKILLS
Technical Skills Operating systems
· Windows XP, Windows 7,8 and 10 
·  Programming language - Basics in C. C++
·  Database – MICROSOFT SQL SERVER.

PERSONAL PROFILE
	Date of Birth
	:
	15.09.1989

	Sex
	:
	Male

	Nationality
	:
	Indian

	Marital status
	:
	Married

	Languages Known
	:
	Tamil, English

	Address for communication
	:
	2F 1034 P&T COLONY 5TH STREET WEST 3RD MILE 
TUTICORIN







TUTICORIN										VINOD A M
Page 2
