













































Resume


 

 
 

 

Niyati Rahul Prajapati 
M.com 

                
H-104, Bhakti Enclave, Bhakti circle,                                   Mobile: +91-8401704644 
Opp. Rasraj Jeckpot Party plot,                                        Email: shahniyati1991@gmail.com 
Near S.P ring road,         
Nikol,  
Ahmedabad-382349    
           

  

 

To work with the organization that provides challenging atmosphere to work, flexibility for 

growth and maximum utilization of my potential. Seeking responsible assignments through 

creative contribution in area of Environment, Health and safety. 

 
 

 
1. PINAXIS HI TECH ENGINEERING PVT. LTD.- AS SALES CO-ORDINATOR 

(DECEMBER 2017 TO TILL TODAY) 

 Making Monthly reports on sales, expenses and new developments. 

 Co-ordination between CEO and Sales Team. 

 Product demonstration & presentation. 

 Sales forecasting & Budgeting. 

 Strategic planning and analysis. 

 Client relationship and management. 

 Maintain India mart and Tradeindia account for business lead and convert it into 
inquiry. 

 Report analysis. 

 Sending catalogues and other details to clients as per request received from website 
and handle India mart for searching new leads and corresponding with them. 

 Managing promotion campaigns, weekly promotion letters 

 Sending quotation, Performa Invoice, Payment follow up, co ordination with after 
sales dept. 

 Obtaining satisfactory certificate/feedback from client 

 Responsibility of Payment collection after completion of Order 

 Maintaining Daily Diary of activities done and planned for next day 

Objective 

Experience 

mailto:shahniyati1991@gmail.com


 

 

 

 

2. STALMEC ENGINEERING PVT. LTD. - As Back Office Executive. 

     (September 2017 to November 2017) 

 

 Handling Account on Tally. 

 Receive the entire details form client and making PO. 

 Generate PI. 

 Payment receiving. 

 Coordinate with client and provide general information. 

 Corresponding with client via Email. 

 Manage the documents in proper way in Excel & Word. 

 Collect daily report & sent to respective department. 

 Handle all the other responsibilities related to the job. 

 

3.  Techflow Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. - As Back Office Executive. 

     (September 2013 to February 2015) 

 

 Entering details in ERP and making co-ordination between sales & production. 

 Making Monthly reports on sales, expenses and new developments. 

 Co-ordination between CEO and Sales Team. 

 Taking inquiry calls and forwarding to sales team as per directions of CEO. 

 Product demonstration & presentation. 

 Sales forecasting & Budgeting. 

 Strategic planning and analysis. 

 Client relationship and management. 

 Report analysis. 

 Sending catalogues and other details to clients as per request received from website 

 Managing promotion campaigns, weekly promotion letters 

 Sending Performa Invoice, Payment follow up, co ordination with after sales dept. 

 Obtaining satisfactory certificate/feedback from client 

 Responsibility of Payment collection after completion of Order 

 Maintaining Daily Diary of activities done and planned for next day 

 

 



 

4.  A.K.Alloys - As an Assistant Accountant and as an Inventory Manager.     

      (July 2011 to January 2013) 

 

 Entering bills in Tally. 

 Making Excise register. 

 Handling Inventory and entering in manage stock in Tally as well as in Excel. 

 

 

Degree Board / University Year  Percentage 

M.Com 
H.A.College of Commerce from 

Gujarat University 
2013 67.14 % 

B.Com 
 

H.A.College of Commerce from 
Gujarat University 

2011 60% 

H.S.C 
 

Gujarat Higher Secondary 
Board, Gandhinagar 

2008 
 

73.86 % 

S.S.C 
 

Gujarat Secondary Board, 
Gandhinagar 

2006 77% 

 
 

 
 Secured 49th rank among 15000 aspirants in Gujarat University 2013. 
 Second rank in H.A.College of commerce in 2013. 
 Won second prize in Essay competition in school level competition 
 6.5 Bands in IELTS   
 

 

 
 Hard working and good at team work. 
 Rapid at learning things. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Academic Profile 

Achievements 

Personal Strengths 



 
 

 
 Date of Birth: 09.11.1991 
 Husband’s Name: Rahul B. Prajapati 
 Gender: Female 
 Marital Status: Married 
 Religion : Hindu  
 Nationality: Indian 
 

 
 Gujarati 
 English 
 Hindi 

Personal Details 

Languages known : 


