














































1 | P a g e  
 

Dominic Mark D’Souza 

West Avenue C.H.S F-102, 
Station Road, 
Nallasopara West  
Pincode401203, 
Dist: Palghar 

  
Email: domark1991@gmail.com 

Telephone: +918390822032 
 

 

SUMMARY  

 
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled 
in Mobile and Web Technologies. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Technology (M.Tech) focused in Software 
Systems from Birla Institute of Technology & Science, Pilani. 

KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES 

 
 An ambitious programmer with proficient knowledge and experience in working on Android and Angular.  
 3.10 years IT experience in working in the IT Industry. 
 Worked with numerous technologies and have gained technical exposure to work with any of them like CICD, angular2 etc. 
 Proactive, confident and with a positive "can-do" attitude. 
 Able to clearly communicate technical data to non technical colleagues and clients.  
 In-depth knowledge of industry practices and application development protocols 
 Passionate to update my knowledge and skills though continuous self learning. 

WORK EXPERIENCE:  

 
 Current Working as Senior Software Engineer at Hexaware Technologies, since December 2013. 
 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:  

Technologies: Android, iOS(Beginner), Angular, CI/CD, git, svn. 

Programming Languages: Java, C, C++, TypeScript, JavaScript. Swift(Beginner). 

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 

 

Course Institution Board/University Year of Passing Grade 

M.Tech in Software 
Systems 

Birla Institute of 
Technology Science 

Birla Institute of 
Technology Science 

2017 8.9 CGPA 

B.Tech (CMPN) St. Francis Institute of 
Technology Science 

Mumbai University 2013 64% 

HSC Vidya Vikisini High School 
and Jr. Colloege. 

Maharashtra Board 2009 81.16% 

SSC St. Francis De Sales High 
School 

Maharashtra Board 2007 78.61% 

     

 

 



2 | P a g e  
 

CERTIFICATION 

 

Certification Institute Year 

Oracle Certified Professional Java 
Programmer SE6 

Oracle 2012 

Oracle SQL Fundamentals Oracle 2014 

 

 

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN 

CICD PROJECT 

Client: American Airline Company 

Duration: Jun 2017 - Jul 2017 

Skill Used: Grunt, Jenkins, Karma, JavaScript, 

Role Description: Writing the grunt scripts to build the code, writing the Jenkins pipeline, setting up the karma framework for unit 

testing, Grunt scripts to deploy the artifacts, creating build and deploy Jobs for building and deploying the projects. 

Project Details: Setting up the CI/CD pipeline for 10 client projects. So that the build and deployment process is automated. 

 

FLIGHT STATUS APPLICATION 

Client: American Airline Company 

Duration: Nov 2016 - Apr 2017 

Role: Programmer 

Skill Used: Angular2, HTML/CSS, git. 

Role Description: Developing the pages as per the Visual Designs, Implementing Accessibility, Fixing bugs, Part of a SCRUM team. 

Project Details: The client is one of the leading Airlines in the United States of America. This application is a responsive website 

developed in Angular2 for desktops, mobiles and tablets.  

The website offers the following features to users: 

1. Search and View Flights by number and route. 

2. Track a particular Flight. 

3. View past flight information and the route taken by a particular flight 



3 | P a g e  
 

APPROVAL APPLICATION 

Client: Hexaware 

Duration: Sep 2016 - Oct 2016 

Skill Used: Andoid, Salesforce, 

Role Description: Architecting, Designing and developing the application and integration with the backend 

Project Details:  This application helps the user i.e. the approver to process requests for expenses, timesheets, customer on-

boarding, contracts etc. on the fly from a single application. This application includes integration with 3 Content Management 

Systems in a single application .The 3 content management systems are Salesforce, PeopleSoft and Workday. 

 

ADJUSTER APPLICATION 

Client: Hexaware 

Duration: Jul 2016 - Sep 2016 

Skill Used: Android. 

Role Description: Understanding the requirements and building the necessary functionality. Architecting and developing the android 

applications as per the specifications, Visual designs and Wireframes.  

Project Details: It consists of 2 applications one for the desk adjuster, field adjuster and one application for the client of the 

insurance organization. A total of 2 applications. The client application is linked to the sensors in the clients insured property and 

notifies him of any damage on the property, it also helps him to raise a claim and track the progress of the claim from time to time. 

The field/desk adjuster application helps them to track the raised claim, process it, set up and appointment with the client for access 

the property damage. The app includes a live streaming feature integrated with a drone so the field adjuster can share the live feed 

with the desk adjuster and both can access the insurance claim and do the necessary task of processing the claim quickly. 

TAXI BOOKING MOBILE APPLICATION 

Client: Cityfleet 

Duration: Mar 2015 - May 2016 

Skill Used: Android. 

Role Description: Understanding the requirements and building the necessary functionality. Developing the android applications as 

per the specifications, Visual designs and Wireframes. Fixing bugs reported by the testers. 

Project Details:  The customer is a Leading Global Ground Transport Provider that provides safe and reliable transport for the UK 

corporate market. Their service offering covers taxis, private hire vehicles, executive travel, coach hire, and specialist transport 

services. The project involved development of a mobile application for android and iOS with 4 different brands depending on the 

customer base. 

 

 



4 | P a g e  
 

HEXAFIT 

Client: Hexaware 

Duration: Jan 2015 - Mar 2015 

Skill Used: Android. 

Hexafit is a fitness tracking application available for the android platform. It allows the user to setup a profile based on his current 

fitness status i.e. weight, height and goals to be achieved within a specific time. The application recommends the necessary diet and 

exercise to achieve his goals set. The user can track his daily activities, exercises, sleep and diet. Based on the activities the 

application computes the calories gained or burned respectively. The application is designed to work with fitness bands (E.g. 

Jawbone) as an analytics tool. Application is compatible with Microsoft HealthVault - A centralized repository with user’s e-health 

records. 

M-SHOP 

Client: Hexaware 

Duration: May 2014 - Oct 2014 

Skill Used: Android. 

Role Description: Designing the UI, Implementing the functionality 

Project description: It is a retail shopping mobile application available for the android platform. The application provides a large 

number of products categorized based on type electronics, household appliances, furniture etc. Provides a quick access to 

discounted products, recently visited and most popular items rite on the home screen. The Search and filter functionality allows the 

user to quickly locate the product he is looking for. The user can make a shopping cart and a shopping list for quick purchase. 

FTD MERCURY RETAIL TO GO 

Client: Florist Transworld Delivery 

Skill Used: Android. 

Role Description: Designed the UI for a couple of Modules: Securing the app with a Lock screen having a four digit PASSCODE. 

Handling the transaction data within the device and displaying them as Reports. Fixing bugs reported by the testing team. 

Duration: Apr 2014 – Apr 2014 

Project description: Retail to Go is a mobile application available for android and iOS platform. The application main objective was 

to expedite the payment process for the customers who are physically present at the retail stores. This mobile application has salient 

features like payment through credit card with swiping feature through the uDynamo device attached to the smart phone. This 

Application does not support offline capabilities. 

 

 

 



5 | P a g e  
 

UNNATI 

Duration: Jan 2014 – Jan 2014 

Role Description: Understanding the requirements by studying the functional document. Designed the UI for a couple of Modules. 

Integrating the mobile application with the Salesforce backend. Unit testing of different modules. Fixing bugs found during testing 

Project description: This is a retail mobile application built targeting the Android Platform. This app helps a retailer to ease his day to 

day activities by managing his inventory and customers. This application features a rich and dynamic UI and has support for 3 local 

languages. This application constantly keeps your data on the mobile and web updated by syncing data between the backend server 

and the device local storage as soon as network connectivity is present. 

 

 

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

Date of Birth : 28
th

 Nov, 1991 

Sex                : Male 

Nationality : Indian 

Marital Status : Single 

Language Known  : English, Hindi and Marathi 

 

 

 

Declaration 

I Dominic D’Souza hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

 

Place: Mumbai                                                                                                                                                     

Date: 


