












































Ganesh_Resume_HR

D.Ganesh







    +91-9962080620
dganeshau@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
        To serve the organization to the best of my abilities and to gain immense experience in the field of Statistical research and grow along with the organization.

ACADEMIC DETAILS

	Course/degree
	Institution
	Percentage Marks

	MBA

(Human Resources & Marketing)
	College of Engineering,                   
Anna University, Chennai-25.
	7.0 CGPA


	BSc Biochemistry
	Prince Shri Venkateshwara arts and Science College, Chennai.

(University Of Madras)
	82.1 %

	                     XII
	New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School.
	89.99 %

	S.S.L.C
	New Prince Matriculation Higher Secondary School.
	85.23 %


OTHER ACADEMIC DETAILS

	Course/degree
	Institution

	MSc PSYCHOLOGY


	IDE, University Of Madras


ACCOLADES ACHIEVED

1. University rank holder in BSC BIOCHEMSITRY (Rank 6th) from University of Madras, Chennai. 

2. Got First proficiency prize for the two consecutive years (second and third year) in UG degree.  
3. Performed a Poster Presentation at SIVET College, Gowrivakkam and won SECOND PRIZE in the competition.
4. Participated in several symposiums and management events in PG.

5. Active Member of Madras Management Association (MMA) and Participated in 8th All India management students’ convention of MMA on the theme “GenY @ Ind: Challenges for Young India”.

Software Skills:

	Operating Systems
	MS DOS, Windows

	Databases
	MS Access

	Packages
	MS OFFICE

	Business Soft wares
	SPSS, Tally


AREAS OF INTEREST:

· Talent management

· Career management
· Statistical Research
· Data analysis using SPSS
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

	Cortex Consulting Private Limited

	Designation: IT Recruiter
	Duration: July 2011 – Till date

	US Concern Name:
	IT Trail Blazers

	Clients:
	TCS, Capegemini etc

	Responsibilities:

1. Provided support for the Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) division of IT Trail Blazers.

2. Highly successful in identifying candidates utilizing unique sourcing techniques for niche skills as required by our clients.

3. Maintain accountability for the entire recruiting process as defined by the client

4. Partner with team lead to identify core competencies and position requirements.

5. Developed and maintained relationships with various recruiting sources to include current employees, candidates, other recruiters to foster a competent pool of qualified professionals as candidates and networking contacts.

6. Oversaw completion of documentation process, from personnel requisition forms to offer letters; check candidate references and verify credentials.
 


	Sutherland Global Services


	Designation: Customer Support Executive
	Duration: June 08- Dec 08

	Client:
	An American-based multinational electronic commerce company

	Role:
	Troubleshooting Customer Queries through email

	Responsibilities:

1. Maintaining a low percentage rate of customer EDR (End dissatisfaction rate) throughout my job.

2. Helping my team mates and new Joinees in the process through troubleshooting their queries.

3. Handling queries and complaints of customers.
4. Satisfying client’s requirements.


SUMMER PROJECT DETAILS

	Tata Consultancy Services

	Project Title:
	Study of challenges faced by recruiters in recruitment process of Experienced professionals

	Role:
	Project Trainee {HR-TAG(Talent Acquisition Group)}

	Responsibilities:

1. Responsible for pre and post-recruitment process.

2. Conducting telephonic interview, face to face interview & business process aptitude test (BPAT).

3. Coordinating Induction and Training program for new entrants.

4. Maintaining personnel files for all the employees.


FINAL PROJECT DETAILS

	HYUNDAI MOBIS LIMITED

	Project Title:
	Quality of Work Life of employees at Hyundai Mobis limited

	Role:
	Project Trainee

	Responsibilities:

1. Issuing welfare kit to workers.

2. Calculating the number of working days of all workers every month.

3. Allocating incentives to the eligible workers.

4. Conducting Training program for the workers.
Extracurricular activity:

· Conducted a 10days training program for the workers along with the help of management.


Extra curricular activities:
· Conducted a Communication Skills training program in Rajkumar Sulochana Matric. Hr. Sec. School, Nanganallur, Chennai.
· Students Representative for the academic year 2007-08 in Prince Shri Venkateshwara Arts & Science College, Gowrivakkam, Chennai.
· Event coordinator for the event "BEST MANAGER" in "ETHOS 2010". 
· Event coordinator for our Placement Brochure release 2010.
· Placement coordinator for the academic year 2010-11 in College Of Engineering, Anna University, Chennai-25.
CERTIFICATIONS

	Course
	Institution
	Year Of Passing

	Data Analysis for Management Research using SPSS
	Anna University
	2010

	Diploma in Management
	University of Madras
	2009

	Diploma course in Desk Top Publishing
	United Systems Environment Network Solutions
	2007

	Diploma in computer applications
	CSC
	2005

	Rastrabhasha Praveen

(Equivalent to B.A. Hindi)
	Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha, Chennai
	2003


	PERSONAL DETAILS


	Name
	D. Ganesh

	Father name
	V. K. Durai

	Date of Birth
	07 October 1987

	Gender
	Male

	Marital status
	Single

	Permanent Address
	No.6, Rama Krishna puram, second street, Adambakkam, Chennai-600 088.

	Language known
	Tamil, English and Hindi

	Passport Details
	Number : H3766402  Valid Till 2019


Declaration:   I hereby declare that the above provided details are true to the best of my knowledge.
Date: 








           
Station: Chennai                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                     Yours truly,

                               
                                                                                     D. Ganesh                                                                       
