














































                                                                                                          

 

RANJEETHKUMAR.R 
#2,  2

n d  
Street ,  Prabhuraja  Nagar,  

Medavakkam, Chenna i  -  600 100  
Mobi le No:  +91 9962499077  
Emai l :  ranjeethkumar. r@out look.com  

 
 

Skills Summary  

 Dynamic professional with 10 years of efficient IT services experience in the areas of end-to-end web applications 
development/support, project management and mentoring. 

 1+ year as ‘Technical Project Manager’ and 4+ years’ experience as ‘Project Lead’ managing 10-15 members’ team. 
Well versed in understanding project vision and objectives, analyze functional requirements and convert them into 
technical design with broad solutions knowledge in software, estimation, planning, infrastructure and its security. 

 Knowledge in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular 2, ASP.NET Web Forms/MVC, SQL Server 2012/2008. Building 
Responsive web design projects leveraging Bootstrap front-end framework on top of Sitefinity Web CMS (Solutions 
Developer Certified) with Google analytics integration and SEO compliancy. 

 Experienced in Agile (Scrum) development and maintenance project management methodologies. Excellent 
communication and interpersonal skills with proven abilities in managing a well sized team. 

 Host technology trainings (Sitefinity CMS, Web Development Skills) for new associates. Also lead the recruitment 
panel for resources procurement. 

Accolades  

 Tech Mahindra certified APEX PROJECT MANAGER (Achieving Project Management Excellence) and SCRUM Master. 

 Have been awarded Associate Consistently Excel (ACE), Star Performer & Pat on Back awards from Tech Mahindra for 
exhibiting the sheer commitment and the desire to win client’s confidence and expectations. 

 My career progression has been highly appreciated by business clients, program & project managers and delivery 
managers. Always received commendable peer review feedback from my team. 

Professional Experience 

 Tech Mahindra (Satyam Computer Services)                                      –  Jan 2008 to Till date 
[ELTP --> Software Engineer --> Sr. Software Engineer --> Project Lead --> Tech Manager] 

 Well demonstrated my skills as a Web Solutions Manager during re-organization phase of our business clients and 
ensured business as usual while transition. 

 Have been at onsite (Mars Business, United Kingdom) as a Tech Lead to gather project requirements, participate in 
business review meetings and support UAT phases for smoother deployment of different campaign programs. 

Education 

 Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics, Anna University, 2003-2007, 80% 

 Higher Secondary School, Don Bosco, 2001-2003, 85% 

 High School, Don Bosco, 2000-2001, 82% 



                                                                                                          

 

Technical Skills 

Operating Systems Windows Server 2012/2008, Windows 10 
 

Microsoft .Net ASP.Net 3.5/4.0/4.5, MVC Design Pattern, C#, Entity Framework, Web API 

  

Web Development HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery , Typescript, Angular 2 
 

Web CMS Progress Sitefinity, OpenText 
 

RDBMS SQL Server 2012/2008 

 
IDE Visual Studio 2015, Brackets, Visual Studio Code, Notepad++ 

 
Tools Microsoft VSTS, Kiwi, SVN, VSS, FxCop, Adobe Photoshop, Gulp, SaSS, Qualys Security, Google 

Analytics, Website Auditor, Fiddler, Filezilla, Magic 2.0, Kayako 
  

Key Professional Experience 

Mars - WebCC Factory is a digital wing of Mars Account which delivers web solutions to the Mars business. As part of this 

service, we provide end-end support/consulting for Mars business by creating websites, mobile applications, campaigns etc. 

We develop both internet & intranet sites for global markets of MARS brands such as Snack food (Snickers, Maltesers, M&Ms, 

Galaxy, Twix, and Starburst), Pet care (Pedigree, Whiskas, Royal Canin, Cesar) and Food (Uncle Ben’s, Ebly, Seeds of Change). 

 

My primary job is to manage new websites and applications development for Mars Brand with 10-15 members’ team. This 

project team provided a right base to my IT service career and helped me to explore skills learnt during the training and to 

build my skills set with new technologies. Below are some of my contributions towards this project. 

 

Project Phase Core Contribution 

Initiation  Project requirements gathering, technical analysis and estimation of new work requests. Also 

open a risk register to pen down associated risks and their mitigation throughout the lifecycle. 

 Electing right technology, architecture design and configuration tools for a project. Technology 

consultant and mentor for the core development team. 
 Host technology trainings (Web Development Skills, Sitefinity CMS) for new associates and 

support them to be ready on the floor as quick as possible. 

Planning  Breakdown work products and provide estimation for building the web based products. Creation 

of functional and technical documents that is applicable for a project. Includes SCRUM practices. 

 Prepare detailed project plan along with its schedule & highlight critical milestones for a project. 

Execution  Coding, unit testing, re-usable components development and update knowledge base for the 

project. Responsible for development teams code review. 

 SPOC for day-to-day communication with the clients and other dependent teams within 

customer space (Hosting, CRM) or agencies for the projects/work product requests owned. 

Monitor & Control  Monitor project execution per agreed work deliverables, cost and timeline with desired quality. 

 Manage teams’ task allocation to deployment ensuring standard coding practices + web security. 

 Conduct weekly project reviews, work product demo with the business group and track their 

feedback. Introduce change log wherever applicable. Prepare weekly project status reports. 

Closure  Prepare project delivery metrics to Customer Service Managers to value outcome of a project. 

 Conduct retrospective meeting and document lessons learnt. Release resources to new project. 

 



                                                                                                          

 

Key Project Details 

Project ‘Seeds of Change Unification’, MARS, USA 

Role Technical Manager,    Team Size: 10-12 

Technologies ASP.Net 4.5, MVC, C#, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS & SQL Server 2012 R2 

About Project Mars Food North America has established a goal for Seeds of Change® to be the fastest growing 

Brand in Mars over the next 5 Years. One of the pillars for growth for this 5Y vision is the acceleration 

of brand awareness through a unified and upgraded digital experience that improves the 

consumer/customer outreach. 

This website target to harmonize a distinctive brand positioning that unifies the Food and Seeds 

businesses in the US. Hence, this web design acts as a globally scalable platform that can be more 

easily adopted for new/existing SOC markets. 

 

Project ‘Sweet Nights In’ Campaign, MARS, UK 

Role Technical Manager,   Team Size: 5 

Technologies ASP.Net 4.0, MVC, C#, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery & SQL Server 2012 R2 

About Project Sweet Nights In is a campaign microsite for Mars Confectionery (Pouches, Blocks and Multi Packs) in 

the UK market which offers Google Play discount coupons. Consumers need to collect minimum 

three promotional codes to claim the discount offer and each promotional code are worth one point. 

Each promotional chocolate pack will contain a promotional code. Consumers will be asked to bank 

their codes on the site. 

 

Project Mars Corporate, MARS, Global 

Role Project Lead,    Team Size: 7-9 

Technologies ASP.Net 4.5, C#, Sitefinity, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS & SQL Server 2012 

About Project Mars.com is a multilingual, multi localization corporate website used for Corporate Reputation and 

Talent Recruitment. This is a flagship website and the main mars.com global site is supported 

24hr/365 days a week. The current website is on OpenText CMS. We redeveloped the website onto 

Sitefinity CMS which is more users friendly for business users to manage the website content. This 

new website is a responsive one using Bootstrap on top of the CMS. 

 

Project Royal Canin Breeders Portal, MARS, AU & NZ 

Role Project Lead,    Team Size: 7 

Technologies ASP.Net MVC, C#, Sitefinity, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX & SQL Server 2012 

About Project Achieve a best in class web portal for Royal Canin Breeders – providing them integrated access to 

Royal Canin tools and information to all key consumers from Australia and New Zealand markets. 

This website is built on the Sitefinity CMS Platform thereby rollout across different markets. 

 

The portal is integrated with a CRM system to enable SSO implementation for simplifying account 

management. This website features articles, news, events, products and registration module. The 

portal users can also purchase Royal Canin products from their ecommerce platform. 

 



                                                                                                          

 

Project Sweet Sundays Campaign, MARS, UK 

Role Project Lead,    Team Size: 5 

Technologies ASP.Net 4.0, MVC, C#, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery & SQL Server 2008 R2 

About Project Maltesers Sweet Sundays is Mars most successful EBA (Evidence Based Advertising) ever and 

continues to grow YOY. Sweet Sundays is a promotional microsite for the entire UK Chocolate 

segment which offers FREE CINEMA TICKETS all over UK. Consumer has to bank unique codes found 

inside of SWEET SUNDAYS™ promotional chocolate packs which is set as the minimal criterion to 

claim cinema tickets. 

 

Project M&M’s Europe eMarketing and Wanted campaigns, MARS, Europe 

Role Project Lead,    Team Size: 9 

Technologies ASP.Net 4.0, C#, Sitefinity CMS, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, AngularJS, JQuery & SQL Server 2008 R2 

About Project This project is aimed to achieve a common MMs eMarketing platform across various markets in 

Europe. We chose Sitefinity CMS for this project development and ensured to rollout template/pages 

for 18 markets. In addition, we also built and integrated seasonal campaigns which are based on 

unique code printed on packs. 

 

Project Mars Drinks, MARS, USA 

Role Project Lead,            Team Size: 7 

Technologies ASP.Net 4.0, C#, Sitefinity CMS, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JQuery & SQL Server 2008 R2 

About Project Mars Drinks is a responsive website developed on top of Sitefinity CMS tool for Mars Drinks segment. 

It contains different pages for its different flavors; it also contains the nutritional information about 

the drinks. The website has free trial and contacts us pages for the users to contact the Mars drinks 

division. As this is a multisite and multilingual website we did rollout this website for seven markets. 

This website also features News, Careers and History journey sections. 

 

Project Pedigree – Puppy Club, Pedigree Wet, MARS, France 

Role Developer,   Team Size: 6 

Technologies ASP.Net 2.0, C#, HTML4, CSS2, JavaScript, JQuery, VSS & SQL Server 2005 

a) Project Description 
Puppy Club is part of a Pedigree France market website which deals with puppies, their breeds and food products. Visitor 

can register their puppies; update their characteristics and food habits. Visitor can view different breeds of dog and take up 

quiz to know more about their puppies. This website provides nutritional information for pets (Dog). User can post a 

question, view top questions & answers, take up quiz to know more about their health condition of their pets. This offers 

user registration section, E-coupons, Alert mails, videos section to nurture pets, administrator tool to manage the site. 

 
b) Contribution 
 Create HTML pages and implement assigned features. Responsible for creating, monitoring unit and system integration 

test cases of all screens in the project. Finally generate a report to be used for project metrics. 

 Perform unit testing, security testing and cross browser testing of all web pages. 

 Responsible for overall code and compliance of all web templates as per W3C standards. 

 Understand end to end business process and efficiently manage cross functional systems integration. 

 Demonstrated effective verbal and written communication skills with MARS business managers. 

 



                                                                                                          

 

Project Intranet Applications and WikiCentral CMS Support, MARS, Global Services 

Role Support Analyst,    Team Size: 4 

Technologies ASP.Net, C#, HTML4, CSS2, JavaScript, JQuery, VSS, SVN, Magic 2.0 & SQL Server 2008 

 Project Description 
This project is primarily focused on maintaining and enhancing MARS intranet applications. There were various high visible 

projects in this bunch such as Associate Search, Mars Videos, HR Forms workflow etc. I was also responsible for support of 

WikiCentral content collaboration platform acting as the single point of contact for any issues/queries with the same. 

 
 Contribution 
 Responsible for managing Service Desk communications with end to end support. Track and resolve P1, P2, P3 and P4 

incidents, Service Requests and problems as per SLA. 

 Assess changes to the existing systems, estimate efforts and deploy changes into production environment. Ensure all 

Change tickets are managed appropriately and backlogs are addressed. 

 Demonstrated effective verbal and written communication skills with MARS business managers. 

 Understand end to end business process and efficiently manage cross functional systems integration. 

 Responsible for overall compliance on all incidents handling, service requests, change management policies, quality of 

service and escalation management. 

 

 

Personal Profile 

Date of Birth  : 30 Dec 1985 

Father’s Name  : Rajendran.N 

Gender    : Male 

Nationality  : Indian 

Marital Status  : Married 

Languages  : English, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada 

Passport No       : P9191269, Valid up to 27 Apr 2027 

Notice Period      : 45 Days 

Hobbies      : Listening to music, Photography, Play games (Soccer, Basketball & Cricket). 


