
















































Résumé - Mr. Karthik Venkatesh


 

  

KRITHIKA KRISHNAMOORTHY 
 
Mobile #9677282108   Email: krishnamoorthy_krithika@yahoo.com 
 

                                                 PROFILE 

 

Innovative, Hard-Working and Technically Skilled Accountant. Applying financial discipline to 

delivering optimized business solutions while consistently meeting all the business goals. Recognized 

as an innovative and strategic thinker with the ability to influence leadership across the organization 

Strong capability in identifying the issues around the process and eradicate them in a smooth way.  

 

ACADEMIC OVERVIEW 

 

 2014        B.Com (Acc & Fin) – Women’s Christian College, Chennai. 

 2011        HSC (State Board) – Sri Sitaram Vid. Mat Hr. Sec. School, Chennai. 

 2009        SSLC (State Board) - Sri Sitaram Vid. Mat Hr. Sec. School, Chennai. 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 1. State Street HCL Services Pvt. Ltd, Chennai – Senior Analyst (GL)  

From Aug-2014 to till date 
 
 

 Journal Entry: 

 Posting the Accrued expenses for the various divisions in State Street Corporation. 

  Adjusting the accruals based on the payment and posting the true ups. 

  Posting the Prepaid entries which includes re-class of an invoice to prepaid and 

the amortization of the invoice based on the service period.  

 Supporting month end with ad hoc entries such as, cost center re-class, expense 

re-class and B/S re-class entries. 

 Posting Intercompany reimbursements.  

 

 Reconciliation: 

 Experienced in Accrual and Prepaid reconciliations. Reconciling the accrual accounts 

with the supporting document to the general ledger balance for every month. 

Receiving all supporting documents and backup files from the respective team which 

backs up the reconciliation and that complies the Reconciliation policy.  

 Submitting the reconciliation in order to adhere the TAT.  

 Certifying all the reconciliation through certification tool to ensure the recon balance 

is matching with the ledger balance. 

 Checking if any aged variances are maintained and confirming the clients regarding 

the action taken to clear the variances. 

 Deleting the in active accounts and publishing the de activated accounts 

 

 

mailto:krishnamoorthy_krithika@yahoo.com


 Quarter end Report: 

 Ensuring enough accruals are maintained for the expenses based on the confirmation 

from the vendors. 

 Evaluating the paid invoices and check about the amortization schedule. 

 Assisting and researching about the larger variances and reporting to the BU’s. 

 Documenting, monitoring the expenses generated and recurring vendors are listed. 

 

 Month end report: 

 Providing the trends of the various expenses of the company which helps the 

management to plan in advance and also negotiate the third party vendors which 

drives the best returns. 

 Constant lookout on the chart of accounts any change in that is reported, 

documented and approved my clients. 

 Providing timely support for any decision making regarding the budgeting 

projections and assisting for any month end P&L and Balance Sheet adjustments. 

 Monthly KPI/ volumes delivered by the entire team is reported and published. 

 

 Audit support: 

 Maintaining a framework of internal controls to ensure the accounting records are 

complete, accurate and adhere to the policies of the company. 

 Ensuring all the entries are made with accordance to Generally Accepted accounting 

Principles. 

 Maintaining the Risk metrics and not bypassing it.  

 Overseeing the preparation of all companywide accrual and prepaid accounts and 

compliance documentation 

 

 Other Responsibilities: 

 Coordinating with team to provide 100% error free deliverables.  

 Helping out the team member for timely submission. 

 Regularly conducting meetings with the finance team to plan for the deliverables.  

 Providing accurate report on the global zero balance accounts of the company. 

 Publishing the monthly KPI for the team which helps the Senior managers for 

evaluating the performance of the team. 

 
The Highlights, 

 

 Successfully transitioned the Legal confirmation process from Boston to Chennai. 

 Awarded as outstanding performer for innovative decisions and timeliness. 

IT CREDENTIALS 

 

Operating systems :       Windows 

Packages/Tools  : Oracle R.11 & R 12, AIMS Datacert E-billing system 

 



 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

Date of Birth  : 22nd Jan 1994 

Father’s Name    : Krishnamoorthy M 

Mother’s Name    : Seetha Lakshmi K 

Nationality  : Indian 

Language Proficiency  : Tamil, English 

Gender   : Female 

Permanent Address : 11/82, VOC Street, Agatheeswarar nagar      

Polichalur,Ch-600074 

 

Declaration: 

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

    

Yours faithfully, 

  

(KRITHIKA KRISHNAMOORTHY) 


