










































RESUME

Vivek Ramadas
Email – viv_606@hotmail.com
Mob No. – +919655377142
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Post Graduation: MBA (2009-2011) 
Amrita School of Business


   


Graduation: Bachelor of Commerce (1996 – 1999)






Kerala University,

Trivandrum, Kerala.
Senior Secondary (12th), April 1996





Kendriya Vidyalaya,

Trivandrum, Kerala.

High School (10th), March 1994







Indian School,

Bahrain.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Employer       : Beroe Inc
Tenure           : April 2011 - Present
Designation    : Senior Research Analyst
Roles and responsibilities

· Assigning ratings, upon assessing the financial risk associated with the existing and prospective suppliers of Fortune 500 clients, through financial statements analysis, qualitative risk analysis and SWOT analysis.

· Evaluating the suppliers’ financial stability and operating capabilities through primary and secondary research, including interaction with industry experts. 

· Interacting with clients for requirement gathering, presentation of analysis and report delivery.

· Tracking daily news updates and critically examining its impact on the financial stability of suppliers.
Employer       : Capstocks & Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd. 
Tenure
         :
 Jan 2002 to May 2008
Designation    :
 Assistant Accounts Manager
Roles and responsibilities
· Monitoring the preparation and presenting of brokerage statement periodically.

· Monitoring daily bank reconciliation statements.

· Preparation of financial statements and reports.
· Managing the clearing and settlement accounts of NSE & BSE.

· Monitoring Pay-in, Pay-out, Bank balance, Fund transfer between Bank Accounts.

· Payment of Salary, Salary Advance and co-ordination with HR department.
Employer       : Sharp & Tannan 
Tenure
         :
 June 1999 to December 2001
Designation    :
 Audit Assistant

Roles and responsibilities
· Vouching & Verification.

· Verification of Bank Reconciliation Statements.
· Clients include Larsen & Toubro, Crompton Greaves etc. 

SUMMER INTERNSHIP

Company                  : Karvy Stock Broking Ltd
Tenure                      : April 2010 to June 2010
Department placed   : Karvy Comtrade Limited

Objectives

· Identifying the major as well as minor functions of the Risk Management and Surveillance Department in Karvy Comtrade Ltd.

· Identifying the risk factors faced by the Risk Management and Surveillance Department.

· Providing recommendations regarding how to improve the overall functioning of the Risk Management and Surveillance Department. 

PROJECTS 

· Designed a virtual NGO ‘Disha’ for the rehabilitation of children of sex workers in Pune.
· A market research project for the feasibility of starting a venture for the training of executives in Bangalore. 
ACHIEVEMENTS

· Got merit certificate for securing cent percent in French in the 10th Standard.

· Active member of Web Committee (WEBCOM) for maintaining the college web site at Amrita School of Business.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of birth

 : 25/03/1979
Marital status

: Single
Nationality

: Indian

Languages known
: English, Hindi, Malayalam and Elementary French
