


















































Shashank S. Waghmare
Email: waghmare_shashank@rediffmail.com
shashankwaghmare90@gmail.com
Contact No: +919987031673

	Career Objective:



To work for an organization that provides me the opportunity to employ my technological aptitude and skills, so that I may propel its growth and development, while also contributing to my personal and professional fulfillment.

	Skills Summary:



· Hands on experience in HTML5, Jade, CSS3, Bootstrap web technologies
· Good command of Javascript, and AngularJS.
· Working knowledge on database like SQLlite and SQL
· Good knowledge of IDE like NetBeans 8.0. , X-Code
· Good knowledge of GIT

	Work Experience:



1. Organization: QuickSoftPro
Duration: April-2016 to May-2017
Designation: Software Engineer

Role:			Developer
Environment:		GIT,Postgres
Programming:		HTML,Jade,CSS,AngularJS,SQL,Bootstrap
Description:		Web-sites creation and maintenance
Responsibilities:	Developing application using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, AngularJS, SQL.
Use Postgres to create tables, views, inserting data etc.
Functional and Unit Testing.
Make reports.


2. Organization: Felix-It’s
Duration: Jan-2016 to Mar-2016
Designation: Trainee

Role:			Developer
Environment:		X-code,iOS Simulator
Description:		Created Visit Pune Application
Responsibilities:	UI Design, Requirement Gathering and coding
Functional and Unit Testing
Make reports.






	Scholastic Pursuits



· B.E. (Computers) from Mumbai University - 2015
· Diploma (Computers) from VPMs Polytechnic, Thane 



	Professional Courses:



· iOS
· .Net
· Java
· Web Designing

	Personal Snippets:



Date of Birth	:				December 3, 1990
Permanent address:			A/8, Flat No. 303,Lokdhara,Kalyan(East).
Gender:					Male
Marital Status:				Single
Nationality:					Indian
Languages:					English, Hindi, Marathi.
Hobbies:					Net surfing, Playing Cricket and Listening music.

	Declaration:



I hereby declare that the above stated details are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
	


