














































SELVI MANMATHAN 

selvi1694@gmail.com 

+91 7708499509 

Objective 

To be part of an organization which would provide me an atmosphere of mutual growth and benefits 

where I can efficiently use my talents and potential.  

Professional Summary 

 Working as an Android Developer with nearly 2.2 years of experience , with the designation 

Project Engineer at Wipro Limited ,Bangalore 

 Good Experience in developing Android mobile apps. 

 Have Knowledge in Core Java and database like PostgreSQL. 

 Started learning Hybrid mobile app frameworks such as Ionic. 

 Proficient in understanding the requirements and implementing effective solutions. 

 Flexible to learn and adapt to new technologies and tools. 

 

Educational Qualification 

 Completed B.Tech IT in the year 2015 from Kongu Engineering College, Perundurai, Tamil Nadu with 

an aggregate of 89.9 

 Completed HSC in the year 2011 at Sri Amman Matric Hr. Sec. School ,Salem , Tamil Nadu with an 

aggregate of 93.08   

 Completed SSLC in the year 2009 at Sri Amman Matric Hr. Sec School, Salem , Tamil Nadu with 

an aggregate of 94.40  

 

Technical Skills 

Technologies : Android , Core Java , HTML , CSS ,Javascript , Ionic(Beginner) 

Database  : PostgreSQL 

IDE/Tools : Android Studio,Eclipse 

Web Servers : Apache Tomcat, Jboss 

Projects 

1. Project Name    :  Parking & Security 

Client      :  City And Industrial Development Corporation(CIDCO), Maharashtra 

Platform/Skills   :  Android ,Java ,PostgreSQL 

 



Description:   

 CIDCO Parking application has been developed to show availability of parking slots to the 

citizen of Maharashtra. It also shows the route from the user’s position to the selected parking 

area. 

 CIDCO Security application has been developed to make the entry and exit of vehicles to the 

parking areas by the security persons working there. After the exit of vehicles, it will generate a 

receipt with the help of a printer. 

Role : 

 Worked on app UI and Android coding part. 

 Integrated Google Maps and its APIs. 

 Created database functions for its major functionalities. 

 Integrated Printer with the help of an SDK. 

 

2. Project Name     : Smart Fleet  

Client       : Western Coalfields Limited(WCL),Nagpur 

Platform/Skills   :  Android ,Java, PostgreSQL 

Description:   

 Smart Fleet is a vehicle tracking mobile application developed along with the web application. It 

has different features like monitoring the vehicle’s status, location and its route. It also generates report 

based on the vehicle movement in real time basis. 

Role : 

 Worked on app UI and Android coding part. 

 Created and modified database functions for its major functionalities. 

 

3. Project Name      : Tic Trak 

Client       : Electronic City Township Authority(ELCITA) 

Platform/Skills   :  Android ,Java, PostgreSQL 

Description:   

 Tic Trak is a ticket tracking application which will be used by three users, Commissioner, 

Department Head and Staff. Commissioner has the provision to view overall tickets and its status. 

Department Head and Staff has the provision to view all the states of tickets assigned to them and also 

verify and close the ticket from the app itself. 

 

Role : 



 Worked on app UI and Android coding part. 

 Created API to upload the captured images from the mobile Camera to the server.  

 Integrated chart libraries like mpCharts to show pictorial representation of overall ticket count. 

 

4. Project Name         : Smart Citizen 

Platform/Skills       :  Android 

Description:   

 Smart citizen application is developed for the citizen having features like citizen services, nearby 

places ,traffic and parking, etc. Citizen can raise complaint about the services and they can provide 

feedback through the app. 

Role : 

 Worked on app UI and Ionic coding part. 

 Integrated Google Maps and its APIs. 

 

Personal Details 

 

Date of Birth             :  16- Feb-1994  

Languages known     :  English, Tamil  

Nationality           :   Indian 

Permanent Address   :  2/240,Kalipatti cross road,  

                        Vaikuntham(Po),  

                                                  Sankari(Tk),  

                                                  Salem(Dt), 

  Tamil Nadu- 637103.   

 

 


