














































CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

                                                                                                          

Umang   S.  Patel 

 

Career Objective 

To obtain system & network administration role in the field of IT infrastructure management 

where I can utilize my knowledge, education and experience and perform the best, thus 

contributing to excellence of my clients and my company. 

 

Key Skills  

Technically competent Network Administrator with strong understanding of networking concepts, IT 

Communication, Networking Protocols & Topologies, and administration of Networking Devices in multi-

platform environments 

 

Professional Experience (4.6 years) 

 

 

    Wipro  

 Client  : Vodafone India Limited 

 Designation : Network  Administrator  

 Duration    : Sep 2014 to Till Date. 

 

 

 

 Responsibilities in Vodafone: 

 

 

 Handling ISP operations with Fault Analysis and Troubleshooting 



 Troubleshooting day to day ILL related issues which require tweaking traffic load on 

upstream/peering links as per necessity 

 Troubleshooting High Latency, Packet Drops and Routing issues for internet and MPLS  

customers 

 Working on Cisco, Juniper Routers & Switches. 

  Troubleshooting of all problems related L2 VPN, L3 VPN and ILL 

 Performing critical planned events and migration on the existing services and ensuring 

that the activity is completed in stipulated time frame with the services being restored to 

normal. 

 Worked on Juniper router m320, mx104 switch ex-4200 and Cisco rouer7606, 7609 

 As IP Data Engineer handles escalation from client, customers and team members 

 Responsible for maintaining shift operations and escalation of issues as per the SLA 

 Demonstrated expertise to share root cause analysis for highly escalated issues to 

customers.  

 Monitoring of networking devices through network monitoring tools like WANDL 

SEVONE  

 

 Network Management: Putty software, OSM Tool, HPSM Tool and Sevone . 

 

 Achievements- 

 

 Received Spot Award for valuable contribution.  

 

 

 Wipro  

 Client  : Volkswagen India PVT LTD. 

 Designation : Technical  Engineer 

 Duration : May 2013   to   Aug 2014. 

  
 

 Responsibilities in Volkswagen: 

 

 Provide investigation, diagnosis, resolution and recovery for hardware/software 

problems 



 Maintain overall ownership of user’s issue & service ensuring that they receive 
resolution within a reasonable timeframe. 

 Provide initial assessment of urgency and business impact on all support calls. 

 Manage service requests, software installations, new computer setups, upgrades, etc. 

 Record incident resolutions in the Help Desk tool. 

 Provide enhancement request feedback to IT regarding technology environment and 
customer needs through the defined processes. 

 Support the following technologies: Microsoft Office 2007 products – Outlook, Word, 
Excel, Access, Internet Explorer, Windows XP, desktops, laptops, networked copiers, 
NIC’s, basic LAN/WAN connectivity and others as assigned. 

 Monitor daily backups. 

 Ability to work independently and in a team environment. 

 Skilled in designing, planning and implementing LAN/WAN solutions 

 Providing remote support for the users and resolving the issues. 

 Adding the system to the domain network. 

 Installation of software’s using MSTSC and VNC Application.  

 Installation of Network Printers. 

 

 

 Achievements- 

 

 Received Galary  Award for best value contribution.  

 

 

 

Technical Skills   

 

Network Protocols: - OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, RIP 

Routers: - Juniper M320 Cisco CS-7600, CS-7606 

Switching:- (VLAN, VTP, STP ) 

 

Certification: - CCNA (CISCO ID CSCO13045771) 

 

 

        



Educational Qualification 

 

 M.Tech in System Engineering from BITS Pilani University year of passing 2017 with 

DISTINCTION(7.02 CGPA)  

 B.Tech in Information system from BITS Pilani University, Year of passing 2016 with 
DISTINCTION(7.05 CGPA) 

 DIPLOMA in electronic and communication from VPMP polytechnic (Gujarat Technological 
University),   Year of passing 2012 with DISTINCTION (7.83 CGPA).   

 SSC from Gujarat State Board, Year of passing 2009 with DISTINCTION (75%).  
 

Strength 

 Self Confidence & Self-discipline. 

 Positive Thinking 

 Flexible toward learning new concepts 

  

Personal Profile 

 

Full Name:                                          Umang Shankarbhai Patel 

Address:                                           B-103,Pooja Garden,kharpude nagar,B/H Pavan restaurant, 

                                                                Wadagaonsheri ,Pune, Maharashatra    

                                                                       

Contact #:                                       +91-9767799161 

 Email:                                      umang619@hotmail.com 

 Date of Birth:                                   8th September, 1993 

 Nationality :                            Indian 

 Sex :                                        Male 

 Languages Known :               English,Hindi,Gujarati 

  Hobbies:                                              PC game, Listening music, Cricket, Volley boll 



 

 

Declaration 

          I hereby declare that the above information’s are true to the best of my Knowledge. I will 

be humbly grateful if given a chance to work in your esteemed organization. I assure that I will 

be loyal to my duties and will not leave any stoke interrupt.         

Place:Pune                                                                                                        Umang   Patel 

 


