










































RESUME

Dileep Medikonda
E-mail: dileepmedikonda@gmail.com 

Phone: +91- 7306268185
Objective:

Intend to build a career at an esteemed organization, which would tell my knowledge, help me to achieve my goals and to move ahead in this competitive world.

Summary:

· Committed IT professional around 2+ years’ experience in web application development using Visual Studio.NET.

· Experience in development of 2-tier enterprise applications using Microsoft technologies.

· Robust Web application development using Microsoft .NET framework (ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#).
· Well-versed with Object Oriented Programming Concepts.
· Hands on experience with Relational Databases like SQL Server.
· Good experience in ADO.NET objects such as SQL Connection Object, SQL Command Object, Data Reader Object, Dataset Object and Data Adapter Object.
· Good experience in Generating Crystal Reports and Excel Sheets.
· Good knowledge on HTML, CSS and AJAX.

· Having working knowledge on scripting languages like JavaScript.
· Good knowledge of XML Web Services (SOAP) Server Components using .NET Framework.

· Good exposure to Model View Controller (MVC) architecture.
· Good Knowledge on Entity Frame Work.
· Good Knowledge on Angular Js.
· Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a productive team member.

Education:

· B.Tech in Electrical & Electronics engineering from JNTU, Kakinada in 2015.
Career Experience: 

· Working as a Software Engineer in HJ Software., Hyderabad from September 2015 to till date.

Technical Skill Set:

Languages


: C# .NET 

.NET Frameworks

: MS.NET 3.0 and 3.5

.NET Technologies

: ASP.NET, ADO.NET,
Web Technologies

: CSS, JavaScript, Angular Js .

Web server


: IIS, Web Services
Database


: SQL Server 2005/2008/2014.
Operating Systems

: Windows family

Projects Summary:
	Project #1
	Travelsmate

	Client
	 Mobiliti Management Services Pvt. Ltd, India

	Duration
	11/2015 – Till Date.

	Role & Activities
	As a Developer, writing code ,writing queries and preparing quality documents for project life cycle.

	Environment
	 C#, .NET,    ADO.NET,  SQL Server 2008/2014 and Windows XP

.


Description
Travelsmate software is an intranet tool that will assist in managing the  booking process of vehicles various locations.. This project contains 10 modules they are 1.Master 2.Transactions 3. Quick Access and 4. Fleet Activities. 5. Billing 6.Finance and Accounts 7. HR.8.Reports.9.Admin
Master is an internal Intel unit requesting assistance from Travelsmate for vehicle tariffs and creating new customers and suppliers and new vehicles. Transactions is an external module for create new bookings and dispatch the bookings and closing the created booking and also creating logbook based bookings. Quick Access is creating crystal reports and generating excel sheets for customers and suppliers and bookings and search the invoice and bookings by contact. Fleet Activities is used to create vehicle service schedule and fuel transaction for each vehicle. 

Contribution

 

As a Developer, was responsible for 

 

· Coding  ASP.NET web forms using C# 

· Handling Masters, Transactions and HR and Reports and Admin and Billing parts of the project 

· Developing SQL stored procedures 

	Project #2
	Kidzz School

	Client
	 HJ Software, India

	Duration
	05/2015 – 11/2015.

	Role & Activities
	As a Developer, writing code, writing queries and preparing quality documents for project life cycle.

	Environment
	 C#, .NET,    ADO.NET,  SQL Server 2008 and Windows XP

.


Description

Kidzz School software is an intranet tool that will assist in managing the  student and staff details across various branches.. This project contains 4 modules they are 1.Admin 2.Masters 3. Transactions and 4. Reports.

Admin module used to create user profiles and financial year and ledger accounts and bank master and financial reports. Masters module used to create terms and classes, batches, types of classes, daycare slots and also staff. Masters module contains student enquiry and admissions and financial transactions(receipt voucher, payment voucher, journal voucher) and also books(bank book, cash book, ledger book, day book). 

Contribution

 

As a Developer, was responsible for 

 

· Coding  ASP.NET web forms using C# 

· Handling Client Masters, Transactions and Reports parts of the project 

· Developing SQL stored procedures 
Personal Details
Name



:
Dileep Medikonda 
Father’s Name


:
Srinivas Medikonda
Date of Birth


:
12-02-1994
Sex



:
Male 
Marital status


:           Single. 
Nationality


:           Indian. 
Languages known

:           English, Telugu, Hindi  
Permanent Address

:           Mallavaram (Vill)
                                                            Chagallu (Mandal), West Godavari (Dist), A.P - 534342.
                                                             
Declaration:

I consider myself familiar with above mentioned concepts. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:
Place: Hyderabad                                                                                                        [ signature ]  

                                                                                                                                      M. Dileep
