












































Resume

	Resume







 Objective

 

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers me security and professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

 



 Academic qualifications

 

 Bachelor of Business Management (2006)

		College	: SGC, Mangalore, Karnataka.

		University	: Mangalore University, Karnataka.

		 

 Senior Secondary (12TH)

		Board		: Pre-University.

		School		: Government PU College, Kavoor,    			  	   Mangalore.

		 

 Secondary (10TH)

		Board		: SSLC.

		School		: B.E.M. HIGH SCHOOL, Mangalore.





 Additional Qualification



 Master of Business Administration (MBA) 

	Institute	: Symbiosis Centre for Distance Learning. 

	Specialization	: Finance.

	

	

 Achievements

 

Spot Award, Ramp Award, Proton–I, Individual Extra Miller Award, Successfully re-planned and restructured the LAN file (Configuration controller).



 

 Employment record

 

 Current Employer	: Infosys BPO Ltd. 

 Role			: Process Specialist (SME).

 Since    		: October 3rd, 2006.

 Client		: US based Insurance Company.

			  Swiss based Agribusiness Company.

 Job Profile



 I worked as a process specialist for a US client at Infosys BPO,

 Bangalore. My responsibilities included handling client calls,

 guiding and mentoring a team of 21 employees,  training and

 certifying all new joiners to the team and working on various

 reports published to client, Quality team and Top management.

 Later, I have relocated to Mangalore to work for a Swiss 

 based   Agribusiness Company.



 My experience with Infosys, not only enhanced my                                                                                                          professional skills, but also empowered me with the ability to                                            handle situations. 



 

 Name:

 

 Mohammed Kasshaf Sada	

 

 

 Present Address:

 

 701 B, 6th floor, 

 Nalapad Kunil towers, 

 Nellikai road, Near State bank,

 Bunder, 

 Mangalore – 575001

 India

 

 E-mail Id:

 

 smkasshaf@hotmail.com

 

 

 Personal Details:

 

 Gender		: Male

 DOB			: 21/10/84

 Nationality		: Indian

 Martial Status	: Married

 			: 9900800668



 Languages Known:



English, Hindi, Kannada, Urdu,    Malayalam, Nawayti, Konkani.

 



 Strong Capabilities:



 Team Player, Optimistic,                                                           Quick Learner, Flexible, Reliable,                                                                     Dedicated, Self-Motivator, Problem                                                                              Solver, Good Analytical Skills. 





 Technical Skills:



 Diploma in Basic Fundamentals of                                                                                                                                                                                                       Computer: -

 

 MS Office Tools.

 Knowledge of Visual Basic (Macros).



	: 9886788925

E-Mail	: Satyender_Gangwar@Infosys.com



Task Description in US Based Insurance Company.	 

Verifying and analyzing the proposals/applications received from the broker on behalf of insured.

Assigning a unique App ID on the basis of the prior data.

Transferring  the application files to respective underwriting queue for further processing. 

Roles And Responsibilities in US based insurance company

Performance management.

Ensuring contract compliance. 

Planning and scheduling the task. 

Weekly, monthly and quarterly review with the end customer.

Driving automation and transformation initiatives. 

Studying, understanding and providing process improvement ideas to clients.

   Achievements as a supervisor.

Six sigma - Yellow belt trained.

Have been T-100 Certified (First level of domain certification for Infosys BPO)

Have been T-300 certified as well. (Second level of domain certification for Infosys BPO)

Received Team Champion Award for the excellent performance in terms of Quality & TAT.

Achieved Certificate of Operational Excellence from Clients.

   Roles And Responsibilities in Swiss based Agribusiness company (PMO)

   (6 weeks Project)

Preparing bench report of Project folks.

Preparing RAG report and uploading the same to the Team space after the final approval.

Handling the SOX tool related requests (NT id creation, NT deletion, NT extension, Batch creations, Batch extensions & VPN access).

Location Anchor for Mangalore STP location. (Includes activities like providing access to restricted ODC, coordinating with other Location anchors if the network is down, Preparing Audit report and Floor plans., etc)

Preparing Master List audits of all the activities. 

Updating the Swiss work permit tracker on a weekly basis.

   Roles And Responsibilities in Swiss based Agribusiness company (PMO)

  (Current project)

My current work primarily deals with a statistical analysis of data to be published to the top management of the organization and further the same will be shared with the Swiss based Agribusiness Company. The role requires my interaction with various stack holders as the data furnished helps in making managerial decisive interpretations. Here is the brief description of my work in the current project:

Preparing backlog report for one of the production support functions.

Preparing Global weekly report with regards to open, backlog, inflow and closed incidents. This will be presented to the end customer.

Ensuring employee effort compliance.

Planning and scheduling the task for 350 employees deployed in various teams of the project.

Project planning and compliance at a macro level. 

Allocation and de allocation of employees to project.

Preparing various managerial reports.

 Co-ordination with SQA (Software Quality analyst) for Quality related reports.

Declarations



 I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.







Date: 12/02/2012.                                                                           Mohammed Kasshaf Sada



Place: Mangalore									Signature









