





































Curriculum Vitae 
Name :    RhushabhShirishJagalpure. 

Gender :    Male 
Date Of Birth:                 23rd February, 1992 
Age:                                 24 
Contact Number :    +91 9892759562 
E-Mail Id:                        rj98599@gmail.com 
Nationality:                     Indian. 
Marital Status:              Single. 
Linguistic Ability:           English, Marathi, Hindi, Gujarati, Konkani 
Personal Strength:        Self-Confidence, Optimism and Hard Working. 
 

(i) Academic Credentials: 

 

Qualification Board/University Percentage Class Year 
S.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 74.14% First Class 2008 
H.SC. Maharashtra State Board 60.00% First Class 2010 
B.Sc. (Physics) 
Bachelors  

University of Mumbai 
(RamnarainRuia College) 

64.46% First Class 2013 

M.Sc 
(Solid State 
Physics) 
 

University of Mumbai 
(RamnarainRuia College) 

CGPA: 5.41/7 
Percentage:77.39% 

First Class 
with 
Distinction 

2015 

 

(ii) Career Objective:- 

 To pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive 

 Organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills and to reach the 

pinnaclein the computing and research field with sheer determination, 

dedication and hard work. 

 Offer support and welldisciplined environment to ensure the success of each  

and every colleague. 

 

 

 

 

mailto:rj98599@gmail.com


(iii) Project during M.Sc (Physics):- 

TITLE: “Magnetoresistance of Bismuth at low temperature and room temperature” 

Project Guide:- 

a) Dr.RadhaSrinivansan, Department of Physics, University of Mumbai. 

b) Co-Guide:- Prof. A.K. Nigam, Department of Condensed Matter Physics & Material 

Science, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai. 

Instruments Handled:-  

 X-Ray Diffractometer. 

 Thin Film Deposition Technique. 

 Scanning Electron Microscope. 

 DC Hall Effect. 

 

Project Submitted:-  

 Presented project to Prof. K.G.Suresh, Department of Physics, IIT Bombay, Powai. 
 Presented project to Prof.M. Senthil Kumar, Department of Physics, IIT Bombay, Powai. 

 

(iv) Technical Skills: 

 
a) Programming languages: C, C++, JAVA, Embedded Systems, Lab-VIEW. 

b) Operating System: Windows, Linux. 

 
 

(v) Computer Skills: 

 
a) Knowledge of MS Office that includes Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint. 

b) Knowledge of creating teaching materials and formal presentations using MS office  

tools. 

c) Knowledge of Origin 5.0, Microprocessor, Microcontroller. 

 

(vi) Educational Skills: 

 
a) Leading and moral purpose. 

b) Having self belief. 

c) Being a learner. 

d) Guiding and supporting. 

 



(vii) Field of interest : 

 
a) Low temperature Magnetisms,  

b) Superconductivity,  

c) Magetoresistance. 

 
 

(viii) Seminars attended:  

 
 DAE-BRNS 60th Symposium on Nuclear Physics, SSSIHL, Andhra Pradesh, India. 

 Attended Seminar on X-Ray Diffraction at R.D. National College, Bandra in 2014. 

 Attended various Courses and Seminars in Department of Physics, University of  

Mumbai. 

 Attended Physics festival (Infinity) at RamnarainRuia in 2011 as Volunteer 

 Attended Physics festival (Infinity) at RamnarainRuia in 2013 as Volunteer 

 

(ix) Certificate Courses: 

 

 Certificate Course in Non Destructive Testing(NDT), Government Polytechnic Mumbai, 

Bandra, Mumbai. 

(a) Liquid Particle Testing. 

(b) Radiography Testing. 

(c) Magnetic Particle Testing. 

(d) Ultrasonic Testing. 

 Certificate Course on Embedded Systems and PIC microcontroller at RamnarainRuia 

College under Prof. Vijay Mayekar. 

 Certificate Course in Solid State Physics, NPTEL, IIT Kharagpur 

 MS-CIT Certificate from MSBTE and MKCL. 

(x) Awards:Awarded with Late LataRao Foundation in M.Sc Part I for scoring First Class 

atB.ScPhysics at RamnarainRuia College. 

 

(xi) Hobbies:-  

a) PlayingCarom,  

b) Swimming,  

c) Cycling,  

d) Crack difficult situations,  

e) Playing Badminton. 

 



(xii) Academic References:  

a) Dr. Nana Pradhan, Associate Professor, Department of Physics, RamnarainRuia College. 

Contact No: - 099201 47845 

b) Mr. MilindSapre, Managing Director Unicon Fibro Chemicals Pvt. Ltd. 

Contact No: - 093235 20921 

 
(xiii) Declaration: 

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best ofMy knowledge 

and belief. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 SSC Certificate 

 

H.S.C. Certificate 

 



B.Sc. Certificate 

 

 

MSc Certificate 

 

 



 


