





































Vanitagauri  Sharad More                                             SQL Developer (1.4 years) 

Mobile: +91 9146860914 

Email:  gaurimore7994@gmail.com 

Objective  

To utilize my technical and communication skills to get myself in an excellent working environment and become 

an asset for the organization. 

Professional Experience 

 Hands on experience on MS SQL Server 2012. 
 Good exposure to Statistical as well as Predictive Analysis 
 Extensively working on IRIS and I have Knowledge of MS SQL Server with strong understanding of 

Healthcare domain.  
 Excellent oral as well as written communication skills. 
 Strong working Knowledge of EMR like Medflow,Chartmaker Clinical Suite,ipatientcare. 
 

Educational Background 

Qualification Board/University Year Percentage 

B.E. Shivaji University, Kolhapur 2016 67.40% 

Diploma Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education, Mumbai 2013 67.29% 

S.S.C. State Board, Pune 2007 88.00% 

 

Technical Skills 

Operating System Windows XP/7/8.1 Professional   

ETL Tools IRIS   

RDBMS/DBMS MS SQL Server   

Tools/Utilities Microsoft SQL Server 2008 and 2012   

 

Strengths 

A team player with 

 A very quick learner who is able to adapt new technology. 
 Strong analytical design skills and problem solving ability. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Result oriented, self-started and able to work with minimum guidance. 
 Ability to understand business problems and apply technology to build workable solutions. 

Professional Qualification 

Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering from Shivaji University, Kolhapur in the year 2016.  
 

 

mailto:gaurimore7994@gmail.com


Work Experience 

Working as an Associate Software Engineer (SQL Developer) with FigMD India Pvt. Ltd. Since from Feb  13, 
2017 to till date. 

Project Details 

Client American academy of Ophthalmology, USA(AAO) 

Project Name Intelligent research insight (IRIS) 

Domain Healthcare 

Environment IRIS, SQL Server2008, Windows 

Project Description  The American Academy of Ophthalmology is the largest national membership 
associations of Eye M.D.’s Ophthalmologists are medical and osteopathic physicians 
who provide comprehensive eye care including medical, surgical and optical care. On 
behalf of AAO. Our team extracts data from over 1600 clinical databases scattered all 
over the U.S. to study data and provide reports on standards each provider as well as 
practice is able to deliver. On the basis of our data extracted and reported, each 
provider is entitled to incentives ranging from $ 2000 - $ 50,000 every year. 

Project Description   Requirements gathering and requirement analysis 
 Create mappings to build business rules to load data 
 Extensively used IRIS for extracting the data from various sources 

involving Microsoft Excel, Access, Flat Files and MS-SQL Server file loading 
it into Data warehouse. 

 Analyze the data from source as well as target to map and load data into 
the data warehouse by considering various levels of transformations 

 Worked on data retrieval through SQL views.  
  Extensive experience in writing SQL queries.  
 Performed data extraction and transformation and loading phase 

 

 

Achievements 

Extra-Curricular Activities: 

 Attended Android Application Development Workshop. 

 Attended Hardware Workshop 2K15 at Walchand,Sangli. 

Professional: 

Worked on new project based on PostgreSQL (Cloud Medflow 2.0) and MS SQL Server (ipatientcare EMR) database 
and lead project to production  

Consistent performance in team from 1.4 years 

 

 

Personal Profile 

Name Vanitagauri  Sharad  More 

Date of Birth 07/09/1994 

Languages Known Marathi, Hindi, English,Tamil 

Hobbies Drawing 

Address 2452,’D’ Ward,Juna Budhawar Peth,Kolhapur. 

 


