
















































Somasekar B                                               
No 90,sholingur Road,
Pallipattu,								            E-mail ID: somasekarjb@gmail.com
Tiruvallur DT - 631207                                                                                                                   Phone No.: +91-9566302331

Data Analyst
An analytics Base SAS certified professional who is dynamic and seasoned with about 4.3 years of experience in SAS development(ETL) and Data Analytics providing innovative business solutions and recommendations that would help the business to take appropriate strategic actions at the right time. 

Career 
	Company
	Designation
	Domain
	Period

	Infosys*
	Associate Consultant
	 Data Analytics/ETL
	July 2014 till date




Academic Credentials
	Course
	Name of the Institution
	University
	Period

	B.E. Electrical and Electronics Engineering
	RMK College of Engineering and Technology
	Anna University, Chennai
	2010 - 2014



Certification:
  Base SAS  certified Programmer with certification serial BP072112v9.
Professional Experience
Functional Expertise – Analytical
Data Extraction, Transform and Load, Data Analytics and reporting on windows and Unix environment

Key Areas of Expertise
Retail, Banking.

Technical Skills
Analytical Languages: SAS, Python basics.
Analytical Tools: SAS studio, SAS windowing environment.
Reporting languages and tool: SAS, Macros, SAS/BASE, SAS/MACRO, SAS/SQL, SAS/ACCESS, SAS/ODS, SAS/STAT, SAS/GRAPH
Other Languages: JAVA, HTML, Django, Shell scripting, Perl scripting
RDBMS: MySQL, Oracle 11g.
Platforms: Windows, Linux( Redhat, solaris)
Frameworks: Django web development


Projects Handled:
	Name of the Project
	Demand Forecasting and Predictive Analysis

	Technology
	SAS, MySQL

	Duration
	1 year

	Description
	Used linear regression and Multiple linear algorithms which are built in SAS modules to create better models to predict the marketing performance for one of the most renowned retailers.



	Name of the Project
	Retail Customer Analytics/Reporting

	Technology
	SAS, Macros, MySQL

	Duration
	2 years

	Description
	· Identifying requirements from the stakeholders and diagnosing the potential areas of improvement.
· Optimized SAS code to reduce run time and make the process more efficient. 
· Generated output files in various formats like text, MS Excel. 
· Developed SAS code using Macros to run recurring jobs and optimized code. 
· Prepare ad hoc reports, as needed
· Automated monthy/weekly/daily report in the Linux environment using PERL and shell scripting.
· Using the Output Delivery System, the reports are formatted into respective file formats as such in HTML, PDF, CSV and RTF




	Name of the Project
	Retail 

	Technology
	SAS, Macros, MySQL

	Duration
	5 months

	Description
	· SAS Macros and procedures like Proc SQL, Proc Transpose, Proc Univariate, Proc Means, Proc Freq.
· Developed SAS macros for Data cleaning, Data mining and Reporting and to support routing processing. 






	Name of the Project
	Telekom Customer Analytics

	Technology
	SAS, Excel

	Duration
	3 months

	Description
	Leading Telekom client in UK had come up with an objective to increase its market and customer base by a certain percentage. Worked on Time series forecasting and Predictive modeling to reach the business objective.









Academic Experience


Project Details
‘Multilevel inverter with hybrid switching  ’ – The project proposes, new way of harnessing solar power with the help of hybrid switching topologies which minimizes the power loss and increases efficiency of the inverter.

Responsibilities Undertaken

· Was the co-ordinator of a National Level Technical Symposium ‘Opuzelek’ and organized the same.
· Was the organizer of various cultural activities held at my college.

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above furnished information and facts are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

	Place: Chennai
	                       Signature: 

	
	

	Date: 
	                       Somasekar B



