






































CV Template

Résumé

N.VASANTHI/212240


NAME: Shazia Khanam S
                                            

Address: No 27/66 C Thiruvalluvar Nagar,

   Alandur, Chennai - 600016
Phone #: 9791161544
Email Id : Shaziazabi@gmail.com
Career Objective:

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible to current trends.

Experience Summary 

I have altogether 5.11 months of experience in BPO industry. My 2.6 years of voice experience were  in Sutherland Global Services for 8 months in a finance(Computer loans) process, 1.6 months in Accenture pvt ltd in a semi-technical(internet troubleshooting) process and 4 months of experience in Xora pvt ltd in technical (GPS device troubleshooting in phone) process. My three years and five months of non voice experience were in Tata Consultancy Services ltd in a finance process (AP and AR included).
Qualifications

	Degree 
	Institute
	Major and Specialization

	Bachelor of Science
	Justice Basheer Ahamad College for Women, Chennai
	Biochemistry


Training / Continuing Education Summary 

	Program or Course
	Coverage

	Call Centre Training
	Soft Skills and Accent Neutralisation

	Computer Training
	MS-DOS, C++


Career Profile
	Dates
	Organization
	Role

	Aug 2003- April 2004
	SUTHERLAND GLOBAL SERVICES PVT, LTD
	Customer Service Executive (Voice Process)

	June 2004- Dec 2005
	ACCENTURE PVT, LTD
	senior process Associate, (Voice Process)

	Dec 2005 – May 2006
	XORA SOFTWARE
	Technical Account Representative, (Voice Process)

	June 2006 – Dec 2009

	TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES LTD
	Process Executive  (F and A Semi-Voice Process)


Assignments
	Company
	Tata Consultancy Services Ltd

	Customer
	The Home Depot

	Period
	June 2006 – Dec 2009

	Process Description
	AR - Sales Audit – Semi-voice process (To do complete audits on day to day sales happening in the store and to make sure correct data has been captured in the store’s system(IBM).

AP - Maintenance Payables - Semi-voice process (To push invoice details into SAP system to make sure the maintenance vendors are paid on time).

Services – Data Management – Non-voice process(To enter vendors details along with the price into the Siebel system to be used by store personnel)

	My Role
	AR – To do audits for the assigned stores. 
AP – To do complete QC for the details along with the maintenance vendors address entered in foxpro system and then push the information to SAP for payment releases. Answer email enquiries, Attend fax cases. To train new associates joining the process.
Services – To do complete QC for the vendors details entered in Siebel and IBM systems. To assign work to fellow members. To train new associates joining the process and also give refreshment training for all once in a while. To update reports at the end of the day in the report trackers.

	Tools Used
	IBM, SAP, Foxpro, Siebel.


	Company
	Xora Software pvt ltd

	Customer
	Xora Software

	Period
	Dec 2005 – May 2006

	Process Description
	To educate customers to download the Xora Software(GPS) on their mobiles phones

	My Role
	To train the US customers on the usage of Xora over the phone and to attend their emails queries and incoming calls on the same. To train new associates joining the process. To do QC on the documentation work done by my fellow team members. To send reports to the clients at the end of the day. 

	Tools Used
	Netscape


	Company
	Accenture pvt ltd

	Customer
	SBC Yahoo DSL

	Period
	June 2004 - Dec 2005 

	Process Description
	To troubleshoot internet queries through phone

	My Role
	To troubleshoot internet queries through phone, train and help fellow associates by attending supervisor calls. To conduct refresher trainings and pull associates reports on a daily basis. 

	Tools Used
	Vantive, CRM


	Company
	Sutherland Global Services

	Customer
	Gateway Finance

	Period
	Aug 2003 – April 2004

	Process Description
	To help the customers for applying computer loans

	My Role
	To apply computer loans online for the customer by collecting their crucial information over the phone. 

	Tools Used
	Siebel, Gateway website


Personal Details

	Father’s Name
	Shukurullah Khan R

	DOB
	26.08.1982

	Sex
	Female

	Marital Status
	Married

	Interest
	Internet Surfing, Reading Novels.

	Language Known
	English, Urdu, Hindi.


Date:
Place:









Signature

Page 3 of 3

