









































Microsoft Word - Resume-Nainesh_More.docx


 
NAINESH KAILAS MORE 

 
 
Cell No: +91-9403112656 
 
Email:naineshmore24@gmail.com 
 
 
 
 
 

E X P E R I E N C E S U M M A RY 
 
 
 
 Total 4 years of Experience in Oracle Database administration (9i, 10g, 11g, 12c).  
 Hands on experience in maintaining multiple databases, having experience on high transactional databases.  
 Hands on experience in all database maintenance activities for Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c.  
 Hands on experience of Recovery Manager (RMAN), performed automatic full and incremental backup.  
 Hands on experience in installation, Upgradation and migration of Oracle Databases in various versions of oracle on, Linux, 

AIX and Windows platform.  
 Hands on experience in Upgradation of databases from different versions of oracle to 9i, 10g, 11g & 12c.  
 Expertise in Replication of data from one database to another database.  
 Hands on experience in backup and recovery strategies through RMAN as well as manual.  
 Expertise in oracle utilities like Export/import, /EXPDP/IMPDP.  
 Expertise in Creating and maintaining standby Databases for single instance & RAC.  
 Expertise in cloning of database, UAT refresh.  
 Expertise database capacity planning.   
 Hands on experience in Implementing and enforcing database security.  
 Oracle RAC database Migration from Oracle 10g to 11g.  
 Oracle RAC Database activities. Adding/Removing a node. 
 Configuration and maintenance of ASM.   
 Applying Opatch on Oracle single instance & RAC Database.  
 Hands on experience in resolving user account issues.  
 Hands on experience in maintaining partition tables in databases. 
 Hands on experience in Transparent Database Encryption implementation and maintenance. 
 Hands on experience in SQL Loader utility of oracle. 

 


 
  A C E D E M I C S   
 
     
 Qualification Name of the College/University Year  

 B.E. 
Finolex Academy of Management and Technology, Ratnagiri / Mumbai 
University 2012  

 HSC Nav-Bharat Jr. College, Khed (Ratnagiri) 2006  
 S.S.C L.P. English School, Khed (Ratnagiri) 2004  
 
 

T E C H N I C A L S K I L L S 
 
Skilled in the installation, configuration and administration of Oracle Golden gate for Oracle/ SQL Server on various platforms like 
AIX, Linux, and Windows. 
 
Experienced with a broad range of software, utilities and protocols, including the following: 

 
 Databases –Oracle (9i, 10g,11gR1, 11gR2 and 12c)  
 Networking - Telnet, FTP, DNS, ifconfig, SCP  
 Office - Open Office, MS Office  
 Tools  - OEM, RMAN, Sql Developer, TOAD 

 
P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E 

 
CLOVER INFOTECH PVT LTD. 
 
Organization Name: CLOVER INFOTECH PVT LTD, 2nd Floor,Dhana Singh Processors,Vazir Glass Lane, J.B. Nagar,Andheri- East, 

   Mumbai400059 
 
URL: http://www.cloverinfotech.com/ 
 
 
Clover InfoTech is a leading technology services and solutions provider servicing organizations in Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai and 
Ahmadabad. 



 
 Period: June 2013 to Till date. 

 
 Designation: Technical Associate 

 
 Responsibility: I am responsible for providing onsite support to client organization on behalf of clover for managing and 

maintaining all database operations with predetermined SLA and timelines. My assignments include all day to day database 
activities along with monitoring and troubleshooting and performing planned and unplanned activities on client’s request. 
Additional Responsibility: Preparing monthly, quarterly & Process Documents. 

 
 

CLIENT:   WORLDLINE INDIA PVT. LTD.          June 2013 To Till Date 
 

Worldline India Private Limited provides end-to-end services for electronic transactions in India. It focuses on electronic payment 
services for banks, merchants, and government institutions. The company offers acquiring managed services, including merchant signup and 
activation; point-of-sale (PoS) terminal procurement, supply, and installation; and merchant training. Additionally, it provides credit, debit, 
and prepaid cards application, issuance, and transaction processing; and currency conversion, fraud and risk management, and Internet and 
mobile payment services. 

Major Activities Performed: 
 

 RAC installation and configuration 11g R2. 
 Single node standby database configuration for multi node RAC databases on ASM. 
 Database migration from 10g production database on windows to Oracle 12c on Linux environment with ASM storage. 
 Oracle 10g/11g/12c Installation, Administration, Monitoring, Database Backup and Recovery  
 Upgradation to oracle 10g, oracle 11g and oracle 12c. 
 Oracle configuration: Configure listeners and other network parameters, configure oracle initialization parameters for different 

instances according to their usage and load requirements. 
 Create and manage tablespaces, indexes and physical storage structures like data files, redo logs, archive logs. Allocate and manage 

logical storage structures like tablespaces, schemas and extents. 
 Database Recovery using the physical and logical backups, familiar with RMAN backup and recovery. 
 Creating and Managing Partition Tables. 
 SQL query optimizing and performance tuning. 
 Rebuild Index and Database Re-org. 
 Transparent Data encryption (TDE). 
 Creation and maintenance of DR. 
 DR Failover and switchover. 
 Opatch application. 
 Update database statistics. 
 Data loading using SQL* Loader. 
 Creating profile and assigning the same to application users. 
 Report analyses of AWR, ADDM, Explain plan, Trace and TKProf. 
 Manage basic request related to MSSQL server. 
 Well planned Daily/Weekly/Monthly Backups and recovery strategies for production and UAT. 

  
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Name    : Nainesh Kailas More. 
Date of Birth  : 24th April 1989 
Marital Status  : Married 
Nationality   : Indian 
Language Known  : English, Hindi, Marathi 
Permanent Address : Suvarna Kalash CHS, B-20, Tarun Bharat Circle, Chakala, J.B. Nagar, Andheri  

East, Mumbai-400059 


