












































Resume
S.Rajkumar
 E-mail: rajkumar9787@gmail.com
 Contact No: +919500239869

                                     


                    

Career Objective : 










     Aspiring to take up a dynamic position in the field of Software Development, broadening my vision in the software field and making a distinct contribution for organizational growth.

Summary: 










· 6 years professional experience in designing and development of applications using    MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO .NET technologies in C#.Net,Asp.Net, SQL Server.
· Having a positive and receptive attitude towards the changes in the industry.

· Self-motivated and quick learner with strong analytical, management skills, and leadership qualities.

Current Position: 










· Working  as Software Engineer for Giritechnolgies Pvt Ltd., Chennai
           From November 14th 2011 to Present.

Academic Profile: 










· M.C.A (2011) from ARJ  College of Engineering, Anna University and secured 80%. 
· B.C.A  (2008) from SASTRA University and secured 74%. 
· H.S.C (2005) from Little Flower Hr Sec School, State Board, Kumbakonam  and secured 65%.
· S.S.L.C (2003)from Little Flower Hr Sec School, State Board, Kumbakonam  and secured 70%.
Software Skills: 










Programming Languages 
             : C#, ASP.Net, VB.Net
Web Technologies

             : HTML, JavaScript, Bootstrap Css
Database


             : SQL Server 2008, MS Access

IDE



            : Visual Studio 2005, 2010
OS/Platform
              
             : WINDOWS XP/7

Work Preferences: 










Desired Job Type                                     : Full Time

Can Travel For Work                               : Moderately

Current Location                                      : Chennai

Willing to Relocate                                  : Yes

Have Passport                                          : Yes

Notice Period                                           : 1 Month

Project :1
Project Name    
: Online Chit Payment 
Client 

:Nac, Nathella

Website             : www.nacsavings.com,www.nathellagold.com
Duration        
: March 2013 – Sep 2013
Position         
: Developer – Asp.Net Web Application

Tools & Tech    : Asp.Net, Sql server
Description:

The Online Chit Payment has been developed to help Jewelers It allows Join New Customer as well as Add Existing customer to make a payment through the online.

·  New customer first create online account then able join new scheme if the customer completes one transaction via payment gateway (pay one installment) they are eligible to get Register No as well as the details will send to their register  email id and phone number. 
· Existing customer the details will be checked in the show room database and then activation key will be send to registered email id.Customer use this key to activate the account in online 
then can pay installments through the online.
Features:
· Customer can login to the website to check their installments details and also give the description of each installment.

· Customer can activate more scheme in online.

· Multiple payment can be make in a single transaction.

 Roles/Responsibility:

· Worked in developing Web Forms, manual testing  of the Application.

· Responsible for maintaining the database.

· Responsible for creating and maintaining backend services using dot net.
Project:2

Project Name    
: Giritech Calls 
Client 

: Giritechnologies

Website             : www.giritechnlogies.com/giritechcalls
Duration        
: Oct 2013 – Nov 2013 
Position         
: Developer – Asp.Net Web Application

Tools & Tech    : Asp.Net, Sql server , javascript,Windows service
Description:
       This web based application is used to Employee make entry in Received calls, Allotted calls, Reassign Calls, Completed calls and also Send the calls details to the higher employees via SMS using window service.

Features:
· Monitoring the employee

· Allotted the work to employee

· Reassign the work to employee

· Maintain pending work and complete work

· Current status will be automatically sent SMS to higher employees

Roles/Responsibility:

· Worked in developing Web Forms, manual testing of the Application.

· Responsible for maintaining the database.

· Responsible for creating and maintaining backend services using dot net.
Project:3
Project Name                     : Akshaya Savings

Environment                      : VB .NET, SQL Server 2008

Organization                      : GiriTechnologies Pvt Ltd., Chennai
Duration        
                : June 2013 – Nov 2015 
Position         
                : Developer – Vb.Net Window Application

Description:      

 This window based Application is designed to maintain Jewelry Savings Management system. This Application is mainly used to handle New Member Entry, Monthly Entry based on fixed installment amount as well as variable installment amount. Accordingly, it accumulates either rupees or gold weight to the Savings accounts of the account holder. 

The Administrator Module has privileges to maintain all Administrative Information such as creation of new Company, creation of new Employee and Users of the Application.

This application supplies extra Module of Creating Branches and maintaining the branches in one place by using the concept of synchronization.

Features:

· Quick billing

· Synchronization

· Provides Security Policies

· Easy to view customer payment details using reports

Roles/Responsibilities:

· Understood the business requirement and developed functional specification

· Responsible for creating  Tables and Stored Procedures for required task using SQL Server 2008
· Supporting the application for support team when required.
Project:4
Project Name                     : Akshaya Retail Jewellery

Environment                      : VB .NET, SQL Server 2008

Organization                      : GiriTechnologies Pvt Ltd., Chennai

Duration        
                : Nov 2015 – Till Date

Position         
                : Developer – Vb.Net Window Application

Description:      
 This window based Application is designed to ease an Inventory Management system and Accounting system. This Application is mainly used to Stock Maintenance and  billing purpose, file taxes and  all the activities. 
The Administrator Module has privileges to maintain all Administrative Information such as creation of new Company, creation of new Employee and Users of the Application.

This application supplies extra Module of Creating Branches and Maintaining the branches in one place by using the concept of synchronization.

Features:

· Quick billing

· Synchronization

· Highly secured. Role based authorization levels to control to access modules/sub modules for enforcing data security.

· Easy to maintain sales, stock ,purchase, sales return using report 

Roles/Responsibilities: 

· Understood the business requirement and developed functional specification

· Responsible for creating Tables and Stored Procedures for required task using SQL Server 2008
· Supporting the application for support team when required.
Personal Details: 










Father’s Name

Subramanian.S

Date of Birth

09-07-1987

Gender


Male

Permanent Address
1/42,Agraharam,




Visaloor,Kumbakonam 612402.

Pen Picture: 










With good analytical ability, problem solving and communication skills, I look forward towards a progressive and challenging work in your reputed organization. I am a hard-working person with sincerity. My strengths are self-confidence, punctuality and discipline. Ability to work as a team player. I constantly drive for excellence.

Declaration: 










         I hereby declare that the information furnished above is correct and true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:Chennai
Date:11/12/2017 



                                                  Rajkumar.S

PAGE  

