














































 

 

Mobile: +91-9899463727 

jdfido@gmail.com 

 J Dinesh Kumar 

Objective  To obtain a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my experience and multi-

dimensional skills as a Web Developer to induce productivity and growth for the organization and 

myself. 

Work History  Computer Programmer/Webmaster at US/American Embassy New Delhi 

Jan 2012 - Present 

Professional Duties  SharePoint/Web Development 

Currently working with US Embassy New Delhi as Computer Programmer/Web Developer 

(SharePoint Administrator 2007/2010) from 17/Jan/2012 till date (5+ years). 

Duties: In this organization, there are about 1200 users, all being SharePoint end users. As a Web 

Master/ SharePoint Administrator, I have the following duties: 

1) Development of Web applications based on approval workflows according to the business 

needs using technologies like AJAX, jQuery etc. for client-side scripting and ASP for server-side 

scripting and MS-SQL 2005 for data integration. 

2) Development of interactive and data manipulative web pages/single page web applications. 

3) SharePoint Administration involving site creation, user management, permission management, 

creating and managing lists and libraries, InfoPath form integration, CEWP, workflows, etc. to 

provide business solutions according to needs of the customers. 

4) Graphic Designing for intranet websites using Photoshop. 

Major Projects  1) US Embassy – Online Check-in/Checkout System 

     The Online Check-in/Checkout system was developed to ease the arrival and departure process 

of the American officials serving in New Delhi by eliminating a major part of paper process. This 

automated system allowed the entire process to complete in a day which manually took about 7-

10 days, hence making things easier of all sections involved. Classic ASP, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL, 

and data transfer secured with AES Encryption was used to develop the entire system. 

2) Mobile Device Request System 

       This application was developed to eliminate the existing manual paper process of issuance of 

mobile devices like Blackberry, iPhone, iPad, Laptop, Thumb Drives etc. This is a multiple approval 

process with different levels of approvals depending upon the type of device. Hence making life 

of the approver and requestor easy. 

3) Training Registration Application 

        This application allows employees of the embassy to enroll for training provided by the IT 

department to educate employees with technical skills required to perform daily duties. It also 



Page | 2 J Dinesh Kumar 

 

has administration module which enables the trainer to manage trainings, applicants, courses, 

registrations online and also provide statistical analytical tools to generate reports and graphs for 

accountability purposes. 

THE ABOVE BEING MAJOR, I HAVE DEVELOPED MANY OF OTHER LIGHTWEIGHTS APPLICATION 

WHICH PLAY CRUCIAL ROLE IN DAILY DUTIES OF MORE THAN 1000 USERS. I HAVE ALSO 

DEVELOPED APPLICATIONS WHICH ARE USED AT OTHER CONSULATES IN INDIA AS WELL 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS  AWARDS: 

1) Mission Honor Award: This award was presented to me for developing the Echeckin 

Application 

2) Eagle Award: This award was presented to me for developing “PKI Card Registration 

Application”. I was awarded this because I developed the entire application in just 4 

days as we had a surprise rollout of PKI cards with a deadline of 15 days.   

Skills  1. SharePoint 2010 

2. Classic ASP 

3. SQL 

4. HTML5  

5. CSS3 

6. Bootstrap 

7. JavaScript / OOJS(Object Oriented Java Scripting) 

8. jQuery/AJAX 

9. RESTful-API 

10. iOS Development 

11. Python – Numpy/Pandas 

12. Machine Learning (SciKit Learn) 

13. AWS-EC2 

14. Photoshop 

Other Qualifications  1) Online Course: Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp 

Completed this course to understand Machine Learning concepts and implement them in real-

time datasets to analyze and build prediction models with advanced services and tools like 

Amazon Web Services, Hadoop, and SPARK etc. 

Certificate: http://ude.my/UC-M6Q2W2CS  

2) Online Course: iOS 11 App Development Bootcamp  

Completed this course to understand the concepts of developing iOS mobile applications scalable 

to multiple apple devices. 

Education  B. TECH – IT (2005-09), Anna University 

 

https://www.udemy.com/python-for-data-science-and-machine-learning-bootcamp/learn/v4/overview
http://ude.my/UC-M6Q2W2CS
https://www.udemy.com/ios-11-app-development-bootcamp/learn/v4/content

