




































Microsoft Word - CG 09.11.18


  

Page 1 of 2 
 

CURRICULUM VITAE 
MR. CHANDAN GUPTA, M.COM, ACS 

S/O Sri Kameshwar Gupta 
4, Mahendranath Roy Lane 

  2nd Floor Room No. 201  
Howrah – 711 101 

        Cell: +91 8017171763/7003304394 
Email: acschandangupta@gmail.com, chandan.gupta791@gmail.com,  

DOB – 30th  January, 1989 
 
Career Objective 
To be successful Personnel by performing my role and responsibilities with full effort, efficiency, and 
creativity & give my best to accomplish the given task and be able to apply sound and logical 
judgments to problems in hand, who is an asset to the organization and whose growth objective 
coincide with those of the organization. 

 
Qualifications (Academic & Professional) 

Examination Institution Name Month / Year 
Professional Programme 
(Company Secretaries)  

The Institute of Company Secretaries of India June 2016  

M. COM  Sikkim Manipal University 2014  
Profession Competence 
Course (PCC) [C.A. Inter] 

The Institute of Chartered Accountant of India May 2012 

B. COM  University of Calcutta 2009 
Computer Proficiency:   
 100 Hours Compulsory Computer Training from ICAI  
 Working knowledge of MS Office package suite, Tally ERP, petite knowledge in application of 

SAP system. 
 

Field of Knowledge 
Accounting, Auditing, Taxation & Company Law matters including various types of Compliances. 

 
Work Experience  
A. Post Qualification Experience 

a) Currently associated at Roy Ghosh & Associates, Chartered Accountants Firm as a consultant 
since 14th August 2018 with monthly fees Rs. 25,000/- Per Month. 

b) Worked at Roy Ghosh & Associates, Chartered Accountants Firm as a Qualified Audit Executive 
from October 2017 to 13th August 2018. 

Major Assignment handled:- as Team Leader/Team Member which are as:- 
A. Finalization of Accounts of the following Client  

a) ECI Group (Consisting 7 No`s of Companies),  
b) Maa Nistarini Cold Storage Pvt. Ltd, 
c) Bihar State Road Transport Corporation 
Responsibility assigned 
 Practical exposure and applicability of Accounting Standard, & finalization of Annual 

Accounts Reports including Auditor’s Report, Director’s Report, financial Statements like 
Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss Account & Notes to Accounts etc. 

 Maintenance of necessary Books of Accounts as per Companies Act, 2013. 
 Performed accounting procedures including balancing ledgers, reconciling invoices, 

processing payment vouchers, monitoring requisitions and purchase orders, 
 Reconciliation of Bank Reconciliation Statement on Monthly basis 
 Preparation of Journal Vouchers,  
 Maintenance of Stock Book and checking of stock on half yearly basis 



  

Page 2 of 2 
 

 Maintain and manage fixed assets register, 
 Reviewed financial documents, purchases orders, vouchers, and invoices 
 Preparation of Payroll Data including Form 16 & accounting treatment thereon. 
 Calculating payroll from timesheets. 
 Calculating and recording sickness payments and processing time sheet. 
 Processing all tax documentation as required by Income Tax Act. 
 Arranging the payment of staff salaries through the computerized payroll system. 
 Processing expenses and overtime claims. 
 Supporting to seniors for forecasting and budgeting process. 
 Resolving client’s queries regarding overdue payments, 
 Reconciliation of sales & purchase figure between VAT returns & Books of Account. 
 Drafting of Notice, Board Meeting, Directors Report, Minutes, Annual General Meeting, 

Annual Report, Lease Agreements, Leave and License Agreements, Power of Attorney etc. 
 

B. Statutory Audit of the following major Client: - 
a) Eastern Coalfield Limited - Kajora & Kunustoria Area,  
b) Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan – Midnapur, Purulia Bolpur units,  
c) Bihar Rural Livelihood Promotion Society – Patna 

 
C. Internal Audit of the following major Client: -  

a) National Thermal Power Corporation Limited – Kahalgaon,  
b) NBCC (India) Limited– Noida Office,  
c) HLL Life Care Pvt. Ltd - Noida, 

 
D. Store Audit of NHPC Limited –  

a) NHPC limited - Uri - 1,  
b) Mahanadi Coalfield Ltd.– Jharsuguda & Orient Area,  
c) Dabur India Ltd. – Kolkata Division 

 
B. Details of Past Experience /Training Conducted (Pre Qualification Experience) 
 Apprenticeship Trainer at Swarnali Das & Co, CS Firm from 1st July 2016 to 30th September 2017. 
 Worked at Roy Ghosh & Associates, CA Firm as an Audit Executive from July 2014 to June 2016. 
 Worked at Savitri Garments (Prop – Kali Pada Manna) as an Accountant from July 2010 to May 

2014. 
 Article Assistant at Roy Ghosh & Associates, CA Firm from 28th December 2006 to 27th June 

2010. 
Management Skills 
Completed 15 Days Course on 128th Management Skill Orientation Programme (MSOP) Batch as 
prescribed by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, 

 
Expected CTC Negotiable 
Language Known Hindi, English, Bengali 
Personal Qualities Positive & Analytical Attitude, Confident and Willing to Learn 

 
Certification 
I hereby declare that above stated facts are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I assure 
you that if you provide a chance in your organization, I will work to the best of my abilities and 
commit myself towards the organizational goals. 

 

 
Date: -                                                                                                                         (CHANDAN GUPTA) 

 


