











































                                                                                                   		


RESUME
Nilesh Wasudeorao Barai
                                                                                                 

nileshbarai27@gmail.com                                                                                     



+91-9503559772



Objective:

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential.
Resume Summary and Overview:
· Having Total 3.5 Years of Experience. (Experience in Production Support, Application Support, System  & Application Analyst and Monitoring L2 in Telecom domain.)
· Working as L2 Support Engineer for Reliance JIO Client.

· Good knowledge in ORACLE Database Administration.

· Good knowledge in basic Linux and SQL.

· ITIL foundation 2011 level certified in IT Service Management.
· Involved in Database, Server, Application and NOC Monitoring and Management.

· Responsible for Intimation and Escalation of sever issues as per the Escalation Matrix.

· To play major role in prevention of severity and maintain SLA of the customer.

· Monitoring Production Servers, Applications, Databases and Networks, Using IBM Tivoli, Orion SolarWinds and OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager), Solman (SAP Solution Manager), Applications Monitoring through HPBSM(HP Business Service Management) tool, Recharge Monitoring, App Dynamics, OMi, Splunk, SASO and OSS Monitoring(TEMIP, NNMI, MyCOM, Granite, HPSM, Etc.)
· Worked on BMC Remedy and HPSM ticketing tool.

· Responsible for Maintaining and building status reports Regularly to Leads/Managers and other concern Heads on daily basis.

· Good Experience in Project Coordination, Resource Planning and Management.

· Providing training to the Project resources and providing Coordination with local support Team, Maintaining Daily Activity Update Details And, Collection Mandatory reports from Circle teams.  

· Got best performance of the year award from the Reliance JIO Management.

Work Experience:

Worked on IBM (Vodafone Project) on the Payroll of Softenger (India) Pvt. Ltd

Working as a Software Engineer for Reliance Jio Client on the payroll of Atos India Pvt. ltd.
Educational Qualification: 
	Name of Exam
	Name of College
	Board/University
	Class / %
	Year of passing

	M.C.A.
	P.R.Pote college Amravati
	Amravati University
	62.00%
	2014

	B.C.A. 
	NACS College, Wardha
	Nagpur University
	48.83%
	2011

	H.S.C
	H.R.J. college Ashti
	Nagpur Board
	54.00% 
	2006

	S.S.C
	L.V. Ashti
	Nagpur Board
	70.26%
	2004


PROJECT # 1: Application Operation Centre
Client: IBM Vodafone India
Duration: 1 NOV 2014 to 4 March 2016
Project Description: This is a Project for Monitoring and Maintaining the Databases, Production & Applications Servers and Networks for the Client Vodafone which all are managed by IBM. Understanding the severities, Revenue Impact And Accordingly Informing, Intimating and Escalating the issues to the higher management. Prevention of Severities, Direct/Indirect revenue impact and Maintaining the SLA of the Customer.

Role And Responsibilities: 
· Responsible for Monitoring and Maintaining Production & Application Servers, Databases, Applications And Networks.
· Using the tools like IBM - Tivoli, Orion Solarwind, Oracle Enterprise Manager and BMC Remedy.
· Coordinating with Database, Unix, Application, Wintel, Network and Incident Management Teams to resolve the issues and Finding out the Root Cause Analysis.
· Participating in Client calls to Discuss and resolve Technical difficulties to save revenue impacts.
· Responsible for Maintaining and building status reports Regularly to Leads/Managers and other concern Heads on daily basis.
· Involved in Intimation, Informing and Escalations the Technical issue to the Leads/Circle Heads and Higher Management.
PROJECT # 2: Operations Control Centre
Duration: 10 March 2016 to Till Date
Project Description: This is a Project for Analysis and Monitoring and Maintaining the Databases, Applications, Servers and Networks which all are managed by Reliance Jio. Understanding the severities, Revenue Impact And Accordingly Informing, Intimating and Escalating the issues to the higher management. Prevention of Severities, Direct/Indirect revenue impact and Maintaining the SLA of the Customer.

Role And Responsibilities: 
· Responsible for Operation Management and Team Management.
· Responsible for system security and application security.
· Using tools like Orion SolarWind and OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager), Solman (SAP Solution Manager), Applications Monitoring through HPBSM(HP Business Service Management) tool, Recharge Monitoring, App Dynamics, OMi, Splunk, SASO and OSS Monitoring(Temip, NNMI, MyCOM, Granite, HPSM, Etc.).
· Worked on HPSM ticketing tool.
· Coordinating with Database, Unix, Application, Wintel, Network and Incident Management Teams to resolve the issues and Finding out the Root Cause Analysis.
· Participating in Bridge and conference calls to Discuss and resolve Technical difficulties to save revenue impacts.
· Responsible for Maintaining and building status reports Regularly to Leads/Managers and other concern Heads on daily basis.
· Involved in Intimation, Informing and Escalations the Technical issue to the Leads/Circle Heads and Higher Management.
· Responsible for Sanity testing of all Jio Applications.
Academic Project Worked On:
	Project Name
	“Insurance System with Tracking Manager”

	Year
	MCA Six Sem , 2014

	Description
	In “Insurance System with Tracking Manager” the database is stored centrally in the server system, to maintain the database of all Insurances like (Life Ins, Medical Ins ETC ) , we proposed  the new concept of storing the data and connecting all the Insurances centrally using the Insurance System centralization.

	Front End
	 Java (J2sdk1.7.0), JSP.

	Back End
	Oracle 11g XE


Extra-Curricular Activities :

· Participated in University level Cricket.

· Participated in College events anchoring.

· Participated in College sports.

Personal Profile:

Name                             
:        Nilesh Wasudeorao Barai

Permanent Address
          :        At-post : Ashti, Th : Ashti, Dist : Wardha, 

                                                          State : Maharashtra, Pin code : 442202.        


Date of Birth
 

:        29th july 1988.

Language Known
 

:        English, Hindi, Marathi.

Hobbies                  

     :      Playing & Watching Cricket, Watching movies, Listening to Songs.                                             

Marital Status            

:       Married.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to best of my knowledge and belief.

     Place:

     Date :








Signature of Candidate
