














































ILANGO V 

E-Mail   : vilango.be@gmail.com 

Mobile   : +91-9578857578 

Experience: 4.10+ Years 

Position: Senior Java Developer 

 

Objective 

To be associated with an organization that gives me scope to update my knowledge and in 

accordance with the latest trends in IT industry and be a part of a team that dynamically works 

towards the growth of organization. 

 

Professional Summary 

 Experience in software development using Java, J2EE technologies.  

 Expertise in developing web-based applications using JSP, Servlets, Spring.  

 Excellent analytical & logical abilities and relationship management skills. 

 Extensively worked in Hibernate, Postgres, Oracle and MySQL. 

 Have good client interaction experience during the implementation / support phase of a 
project. 

 Good interpersonal skills, committed, result oriented, hard working with a quest and zeal 
to learn new technologies. 

 Flexibility to work independently or in a team environment. 

 

Work Experience 

 2 years of working experience as a Software Developer in Xortican Technologies 

Private Limited at Coimbatore from 2013-2015. 

 Currently associated with Altavista Tech as Sr. Java Developer from November 2015 
to till date. 

 Have had an opportunity to interact and work with client at Cyberjaya, Selangor, 
Malaysia from June 2017 to August 2017. 

 Involved in User Acceptance Test for the product at Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia 
from Feb 2018 to Mar 2018. 

 Involved in Pilot Test during product deliverable phase at client place Muar, Johor, 
Malaysia in July 2018. 

 

 

Educational Qualification 

 Graduated in Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science) from TamilNadu College of 

Engineering, Coimbatore in 2011 with an aggregate of 67.20%. 

 Higher Secondary Certificate from E.R.S. Hr. Sec. School, Tuticorin in 2007 with an 

aggregate of 70.75%. 

mailto:vilango.be@gmail.com


 S.S.L.C from E.R.S. Hr. Sec. School, Tuticorin in 2005 with an aggregate of 74.60%. 

 

Technical Skills 

Operating System   : Windows XP, Windows 7 and 8 

Languages    : Java  

Framework    : Spring, Hibernate 

Database    : MySQL, Oracle, Postgres 

Web Technologies   : Servlet 2.4, JSP 2.0, JDBC 2.0, HTML,  

   JavaScript, ZK framework, JSON 

Window Technologies  :        JavaFx 

Web Publishing Tool  :  Scene Builder 

Web/Application Server : Tomcat 6.0, 7.0 

IDE’s/Tools  : Eclipse, MyEclipse, IReport 5.6 

 

 

Project #1      

Title            : Business Continuity Process  

Technologies used   : JavaFX, Scene Builder, IReport, Eclipse, Postgres.  

Role                          : Sr.Java Programmer (Member of Six-Person Team)           

Description:  

BCP (Business Continuity Process) is pharmacy based application that allows 

users effectively involved by placing order of medicine or making prescription when web-

based application having issues like server down or network down, hence users can able to 

proceed without any paper works. Project mainly involved based on login users and their 

credentials, and on ordering medicine, dispensing medicine to inter unit or intra unit of the 

hospital. Ordering/Dispensing, based on clinic/wad/hospital. When web-based application 

issue resolved BCP data synchronized with web-based application data.  

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Gathering and analyzing the requirement. 

 Designed Fxml pages as per business requirement 

 Implemented Java Classes  

 Written Service Interfaces and their implementations. 

 Written DAO`s and their implementations. 

 Written Services and exposing it. 

 

Project #2     

Title           : IPHIS 

Technologies used  : ZK Framework, IReport, Eclipse, Postgres.  



Role                         : Sr.Java Programmer (Member of Ten person Team)           

 

Description: 

Iphis (Integrated Pharmacy Information System) is pharmacy based on web-

application that allows users effectively involved by registering new patient, placing order of 

medicine or making prescription. Project mainly involved based on login users and their 

credentials, and on ordering medicine, dispensing medicine to inter unit or intra unit of the 

hospital. Ordering/Dispensing, based on clinic/wad/hospital. Project has been segregated 

based on Hospital (IPHIS), IWP (MOH) and Ep services.IWP playing authorization role where 

requests are sent by Hospital level. Hospital/IWP is connected and data updated in each 

Db’s using Schedulers, hence user’s requests on hospital level can move to IWP for approval 

of orders. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Gathering and analyzing the requirement. 

 Designed Zul pages as per the Requirement. 

 Implemented Action Classes. 

 Written Service Interfaces and their implementations. 

 Written DAO`s and their implementations with Hibernate. 

 Written Services and exposing it. 

 

 

Project #3: 

Title             : SRTS 

Technologies used    : Spring, Hibernate, IReport, Eclipse, Oracle.  

Role                           : Java Programmer (Member of Three-Person Team)           

 

Description: 

           SRTS (Special Request Tracking System) is use by facility to do online special 

request direct to their higher authority, which helps the entire user to easily manage their 

request and get real time update on their request. Request is based on inventory items which is 

not available in the facility. The user can Request required items from the higher end. Totally 

three levels involved in this project, User, JKN and Project Team. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Gathering and analyzing the requirement. 

 Designed JSP’s as per the Requirement. 

 Implemented Action Classes. 



 Written Struts Service Interfaces and their implementations. 

 Written Struts DAO`s and their implementations with Hibernate. 

 Written Services and exposing it. 

 

Project #4: 

Title   : Jewelry management system 

Technologies used     : J2EE, Spring, Hibernate 3, Eclipse, MYSQL server 5.5 

Role       : Java Programmer (Member of Five-Person Team)        

    

Description: 

Jewellery management system, shop managers can easily handle their shop and business 

transactions by accessing a single window. This Jewellery Management System will have 

Utilities, Transactions and Report generations menus. Utilities section will deal with backing up 

databases either on daily basis, timely basis, monthly basis etc as set by the admin, adding new 

employee, deleting new employee, managing existing employee details, adding new customer, 

adding and deletions of new supplier, changing the password, categorize different Jewellery 

items etc. 

Transaction will deal with financial accounting part of this business scenario. It will provide 

information on sales, purchase, Cash In and Cash Out associated with this business process. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Designed JSP’s as per the Requirement. 

 Implemented Action Classes. 

 Written Service Interfaces and their implementations. 

 Written DAO`s and their implementations with Hibernate. 

 Written Services and exposing it. 

 

 

Project #5: 

Title   : Hospital Management System 

Technologies used     : J2EE, Spring, Hibernate 3, Eclipse, MYSQL server 5.5 

Role       : Java Programmer (Member of Five-Person Team)           

Description: 

 This project covers all functional areas of a health care center. Project was aimed to 

computerize all the paper work done by the nurses and other staff in the hospital environment. It 

deals with different modules for different functionalities. Patient Module: This module covers 

Registration, appointments, staff and configures reports, user management, waiting list and 

Documentation. Find A Doctor Module: This covers doctors’ schedules, weekly and daily 

appointments, patient allergies, diagnose and diet of patients and prescription, tests etc. Bill 

Module: This module covers registration bill, diagnose bill, lab bill, drug bill receipts, and 

patient balance and also maintenance bill. Inventory Module: This covers all areas of inventory, 



supplier history and payment details. It also deals with blood bank information available in 

hospital like donor name, blood issued. 

 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Written DAO’s and their implementation with Hibernate. 
 Responsible for writing the Hibernate Mapping Documents and Persistence Classes. 
 implemented Hibernate DTO's using annotations 
 implemented controller classes 

 

 

 

Personal Details 

Full Name   : Ilango V 

Date of Birth           :  14th May 1989 

Languages Known  :  Tamil, English 

Permanent Address  :  40, Uppupalayam,  

       Vellakovil,  

Tiruppur-638111, 

     Tamil Nadu, 

     India. 

Passport Number  : N4289992 

Passport Expiry Date  : 08-12-2025  

 

               

DECLARATION 

 

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Place : Tiruppur       

Date :                           [Ilango. V]   


