















































 

PESARI SWATHI 

   Mobile No.: +91 9000932047  

  Email: pesariswathireddy@gmail.com  

Career Objective:  

With an experience of 4 years in Human Resource Management, Employee Relations, 

Training & Development, I have acquired skills related to Talent Management, Employee 

Delight, Performance Management, Policies and Administration. Having diversified experience, 

my peers testified my key strength is into Human Resource Management, hence I am 

looking for HR role. Given an opportunity, my skills and expertise give me the confidence to 

contribute and grow together with your Organization.  

 
Professional Experience: 

 
Employer: Softpath Biztek Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.               Nov 2014 to Till Date 
 
Role: Senior HR – HR & Administration  

Key Activities Include: 

• Handling all HR activities (centralized) ranging from Strategic Planning to 

Day-to-day Operations of all the employees 

• Managing HR activities over Sentrifugo Open Source HRMS 

• Disseminating Organizational communications to all/relevant employees 

• Ownership of Recruitment process – Recruited over 150+ employees 

o Manpower planning,  

o JD Preparation, Listing in Portals & Channels,  

o Scrutiny/Short listing, Assessment, 

o Reference Check, Background Verification, 

o Salary Negotiation, Designation Finalization,  

o Offer & Appointment Letters,  

o On-boarding, Induction & Orientation,  

• Vendor Empanelment and Terms  

• Formulation and Implementation of HR Policies 

o Designing, Implementing and Updating HR Policies & Procedures 

o Prepare Organization structure and Employee Handbook 

o Coordinating with all departments regarding smooth implementing of HR 

Process. 

• Handling Employee Joining Activities –  

o Collect relevant documents, Update Employee Database, 

o Issue Employee ID provide office access, Create Email ID,  

o Support opening salary account,  

o Share Policies and Programs documents,  

o Send Employee Introduction Mail across organization,  

• Handling Employee Training and Development 

o Planning for training & development programs in association with 

external/Internal Trainers/Consultants 

o Facilitating training as per calendar and collating feedback from participants to 

evaluate and analyze the effectiveness of training to share it with their 

respective managers. 

• Handling Payroll and Statuary Compliance- covering all activities ranging from  

o Preparation of Monthly payroll data in Sentrifugo HRMS based on the 

attendance & necessary Deductions viz, PF, PT, ESIC etc. 



 

o Coordinating with PF consultant on returns, challan, withdrawals and transfer of 

PF. 

o Issue PF & ESIC declaration Form to new employees. 

o Preparing salary statement & coordinating with consultant for compliance 

payment, Maintaining Records for Audit,  

• Handling Employee Engagement –  

o Conducting Events - Annual Day, Festivals,  

o Arranging Outings and Team gatherings,  

o Conducting Employee Satisfaction surveys,  

o Rewards and Recognitions 

• Ensuring Positive Work Environment by identifying potential employee challenges 

with respect to change management and address them proactively to enhance 

employee satisfaction. Also, plan for appropriate OD interventions 

• Strengthening communication between Employees and Management 

• Handling Employee Performance Management – 

o Managing Probation review process. 

o Initiating and managing end-to-end Performance Appraisal of all employees and 

ensuring timely completion of process. 

o Preparing Compensation structures according to bands, issuing revised letters 

to all employees and handling queries 

• Reducing Attrition – Maintaining amicable relations with employees thereby 

ensuring uninterrupted work environment and peaceful resolution of any disputes, 

Conduct Exit Interviews for Attrition analysis   

• Handling Exit Activities – 

o Issuing clearance Form and Exit Interview Form to resigned employees. 

o Collect ID card, visiting cards and any other company documents. 

o Make the Full & Final settlement after getting Clearance Form duly signed by 

respective HOD. 

o Issue experience, relieving letter and salary certificate, providing PF withdrawal 

Form and closing Employee file. 

• Handling other HR Activities - 

o Preparing & Maintaining of Monthly HRMIS i.e. Additions, Resignations, 

Transfer, Promotion, Increment etc. 

o Documenting & maintaining the Mediclaim records of all employees. 

o Coordinating with Mediclaim consultant for issuing the medical cards and 

settlement of medical reimbursements. 

o Even handling Admin Tasks – Bill Payments – Office Supplies, Internet, Rent, 

Electricity. 

 

Achievements: 

• Managing 150+ employees in distributed across India, UAE and USA 

• Appreciated many a time   

o by Management for quick closures, retaining employees and handling finance 

activities as well in parallel  

o by employees for engaging fun activities  

 

Education:

 
Master of Business Administration (MBA) in HR from B.V Raju Institute of Technology 

J.N.T.U in 2014  

Bachelor of Science (BSc) From Loyola Academy in 2012  


