













































Curriculum Vitae Template IMIX


WORK EXPERIENCE           (32 MONTHS) 

 
 

Syntel Pvt. Ltd 
SSIS, SSRS, SQL, Tableau - 

Developer 
Nov 2015 – till date 

Client Details: EQuIP team, Quality team, KPO team, Risk team, HR team 

Roles& 
Responsibilities 

Project 1 : Creating EQuIP Agile Reports                                     

Environment: MS SQL Server 2008, SQL Server Integration Services , SQL Server Reporting 
Services 
Clients : Quality Team, EQuIP Team 
Following reports are designed and prepared also stored procedures created as part of this 
project: 
1. Developed Project Dashboard : 

 Report provides information about Defects Details, Transitions Details, Effort 
Distribution, Engineering Efforts for various projects 

 Report contains summary about the tasks created for employee like  Defect Density, 
Defect Containment, Effort Variance 

2. Developed Agile Dashboard : 
 Report gives summary about the Backlog in project, speed and stability of project. Also 

provides information regarding reworks done. 
 Reports provides summary capacity utilization 

3. Prepared Product backlog report : 
 Report gives details about customers of projects, allocated work , acceptance criteria , 

status, complexity ,priority and efforts required 
 report also provides the expected duration time and status about current work situation 

4. Prepared Export estimation report: 
 Summary of task assign to customers, status, Employee assign to task and efforts 

required 
5.  Prepared Sprint Tracker report :  

 Summary about the tasks, employee assigned, total efforts done and remaining efforts 
6. Created Burn-down chart : 

 Summary about each project planned work and how are chasing this target 

Project 2 : GSD Interaction reports 

Global Service Desk is a portal from where we can raise a ticket to do our task. For example 
Installation of software, Taking access on server and database etc. 
 
Following reports are designed and prepared also stored procedures created as part of this 
project: 
1. Developed Incident Management Report: 

 Gives information about how many tickets are open under which Assignment Group 
(Team) and on which step it is open. 

 There are 7 steps through ticket provide like Customer response, open, pending approval, 
pending change, work in progress, etc. 

2. Developed TSG Open IM Month wise Assignment Group Report: 
 Gives information about the IM open ticket count on yearly and monthly basis as per the 

Assignment Group. 
3. Developed  TSG Open IM Month wise Interaction Status Report : 

 Gives information about the open tickets count of last 4 months as per the city like 
Mumbai, Chennai, and Pune in status of open ticket.  

 It also gives idea about the open ticket count under the employee who are working on it. 
4. Developed IS (Information System) change management Report : 

 Gives information about the Open ticket count under the managers. 
 This ticket counts are separated in 3 categories below 100 days, between 101-200 days, 

above 200 days. 
5. Developed Open change phases  Report: 

 Gives information about the open tickets count of manager under phases like Logging, 
Requesting Logging, Review, Test, CAB/ECAB Approval, Implement and Evaluate,etc. 

6. Developed TSG change management Report : 
 Same like IS change management, TSG change works. 

 

PAYAL VINOD AVALE 
FEMALE,  DOB: FEB25TH, 1993 

 

: +91 9766822271 

                                                                  : piu293@gmail.com 
 

  



 
 
 
 
 

Roles & 
Responsibilities 

Project 3 : Risk DashBoard 

Environment:MS SQL Server 2008, SQL Server Integration Services , SQL Server Reporting 
Services 
Clients : COO, Risk team 
Developed Risk Dashboard which calculates Risk Absolute Value (calculations based on Revenue and 
Margin) and analyse Risk of specific customer and vertical i.e. this customer is profitable for company 
or not. 
 
Risk Dashboard is created by integrating and calculating following points : 
1. Growth: (Absolute Risk Value calculate)  

1. By comparing current and previous quarter revenue. 
2. By Top 3 Customer Growth calculation based on Revenue. 
3. By Revenue of new customer added. 
4. By having positive revenue and negative margin of Customers. 

  
2. Concentration: (Calculation of) 

1. Revenue percentage of fixed price revenue 
2. Gross margin from FP revenue. 
3. Share of Revenue-Growth performance from T&M projects.   
4. Margin Growth perfornce of T&M projects. 

 
3. Delivery: (Calculation of) 

1. CSAT score of the Customers. 
2. PQI score of customers. 

Project 4 : Tableau reports 

Environment:Tableau 
Clients: COO of Syntel , DM of IS 
Developed Role Based Manager Scorecard : 

 Analyse relation between Revenue and Headcount, Revenue and CSAT score, Revenue 
and PQI score and CSAT and PQI score on yearly, quarterly  basis and also on vertical 
level and customer level. 

 2. Role based revenue comparison and in which role which manager is giving best 
performance is calculated as per the data. 

Project 5 : Strategy On A Page 

Environment:MS SQL Server 2008, SQL Server Integration Services , SQL Server Reporting 
Services 
Clients : DNC team 
Prepared following reports : 

 This project is about the Revenue and Growth comparison and calculations on Syntel 
level and Vertical level. Here we calculate late 2 year Actual Revenue upto current 
Quarter, Estimated and Predicted Revenue of future Quarter and Year.  

 This calculation is calculated based on the Customer level categories, Team like 
development, maintenance and Top customers of each Vertical. 

Project 6 : Assessment reports 

Environment:MS SQL Server 2008, SQL Server Integration Services , SQL Server Reporting 
Services 
Clients : HR team 

 Summary of employee count which completed assessments for the functional area 1 and 
functional area 2 of onsite and offshore employees 

 Summary of employee count which are subscribed n not subscribed for test on onsite 
offshore n vertical wise count for function area 1 and function area 2  

 Count of status for the skill area and functional area 

Achievements 

1. Received ENTREPRENEUR of the Year award in the BI team for FY 2016 
2. Received 1  Spot Award from CEO of SYNTEL for dynamic dance performance at Annual 
Day function 
3. Received 5 different Spot Awards for performances in different projects handled 
4. Received award for LEAN performance in BI team 
5. Core Member of Global Dance team OF SYNTEL - "Engage" 



 
 
 
 

SCHOLASTIC RECORD 
 
Education: 

 B.Tech in Computer Engineering from (DBATU) Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University. Lonere (2015) 

Year Degree Institute CGPA/% Remarks 

2015 B.Tech (Computer Engineering) DBATU, Lonere 7.5 Distinction 
2008 12th (Maharashtra State Board)) A.G. H.S, Junior College Dapoli 78 Distinction 
2004 10th  (Maharashtra State Board) Alfred Gadney High School, Dapoli 89.5 Distinction 

 

 

AWARDS &ACHIEVEMENTS                                                                                                                            
 

Academic 

1. Ranked 4th in district in 'MTS' examination' 
2. Ranked 1st in district in 'KTS (Kokan Talent Search') examination 
3. Finalist of 'Cintax' coding event in BATU Tech fest - 'Cynosure'12'  

  

Extra-
Curricular 

1. Winner of the 'Grand Finale-02' of DAM DAMA DAM (Duradarshan television program) 
2. 3 times GOLD medal winner and 1 time Silver medal in Solo dance performance - Annual 
event (DBATU) 
3. 2 time Gold and 2 silver medals in Group dance performance - Annual event (DBATU) 
4. Event Head - CodeSmash in 'Cynosure'15' event (DBATU) 
5. Cultural Head of Computer department for all years of engineering (DBATU)  

  

 
 

PERSONAL STRENGTH 
 

Strengths 
 Excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skills 
 Enthusiastic and a Quick learner of new concepts and technologies 

 

 Good team player  
 
 

 


