



























































Mrs. NILAM KIRAN GHOGARE
Madhuvan CHS, Plot No. 388, Flat No. 203,
Sector-19/C, Koparkhairane,
Navi Mumbai - 400 709.
Contact No: +91 8108871575, +91 9967175164
Specialization:- Master of Computer Application (MCA)
Email ID :- phalkenilam@gmail.com

Objective:
Proficient in software testing with strong interpersonal and teamwork skills, analyzing FRS
and use case documents, defining test scenarios, writing and executing different kinds of test
cases, participating in reviews, defect tracking and reporting and preparing status report.

I have high magnitude with sense of creativity and innovation, high commitment towards
work, result oriented and interested to learn new technologies also intuitive toward process,
management and co-workers. I can perform well under pressure and short-notice. I aim to
contribute towards organization with all my gained knowledge and experience.

Educational Qualification:
Name of Exam Name of institute /

College
Board /
University

Percentage /
Grade (CGPA)

Month / Year
of Passing

MCA IMCOST,Thane Mumbai 7.58(SGPI)* June-2016

B.C.A SNDT,Ghatkopar-(W) SNDT 69.04% April-2013

H.S.C. (Science) Pune Vidya Bhavan,Ghatkopar-(W) Maharashtra 65.17% Mar-2010

S.S.C. Saraswati VidyaMandir,Ghatkopar-(W) Maharashtra 77.84% Mar-2008

*SGPI (Semester Grade Performance Index) :- SGPI is out of 10.

Work Experience:
Professional Experience
Currently working in a Phalcomm Infra Solutions Pvt. Ltd as a Software Tester (Working
From 6th September 2016 to till Date)

Key Skills:
 1.5 years of Experience in Software Testing of web based applications.
 Proficient Knowledge in Manual Testing.
 Good in requirements understanding and analyzing.
 Good in preparing SRS Documentation
 Knowledge of different phases of Testing (Installation Testing, Functional Testing, GUI
Testing, Regression Testing, Application Testing, WebServices Testing).
 Experienced in preparation of Test scenarios, Test cases and executing the same.
 Knowledge of Software Engineering Process and familiar with various Life Cycle Models
like Waterfall, Spiral and ‘V’ model.
 Familiar with Test Strategy, Test Plan and Traceability Matrices Documents.
 Experienced in Test results analyzing, sending suggestions and defects.
Worked on Bug Life Cycle.

mailto:phalkenilam@gmail.com


 Experienced in interacting with the developers to make sure that they have understood
the issues and proactively involved in defect review meeting

Project Details:
Project #1:

Project Title : “Complaint Management System (CMS)”
Testing Approach : Manual Testing
Role : Software Tester

Description:
 The complaint management system (CMS) is to be effective the system must provide the

guidelines for receiving, recording, processing, responding to and reporting on complaints,
as well as using the guidelines to improve services and decision-making.

 Customers, when they have complaint, query, request, every Organization users will have
access to create new ticket and should able to assign the ticket to specific members of the
complaint handling team of the particular Company.

 This ticket should be logged into the database and complaint/request/query number
should be generated. The customer should get an acknowledgement back saying with
email/SMS that his/her complaint is received like “Your query/complain /request (any
one as per type selected) is been registered and your unique reference number for further
communication is _______.”

 All organization users in hierarchy can see the complaint/query/request which is in Open,
In Progress, Waiting on Customer, Waiting for third party only. They can’t see the closed
ticket.

 For e.g.; Phalcomm user1 has raised the ticket and assigned to specific members of the
complaint handling team then Phalcomm User1, Phalcomm User2, Phalcomm User3, Super
Admin, Assigned user of complaint handling team can see the ticket and will update also.

Project #2:
Project Title : “Dynamic hierarchy in Organization”
Testing Approach : Manual Testing
Role : Software Tester

Description:
 There are two roles. 1) Admin 2) staff. Each Admin can manage staff working under him

and each staff manages users who are working under him. Admin (org. admin) can manage
a set of projects which will be assigned by super admin to admin. Org. admin will act as
super admin for those set of projects only.

 Each org. admin shall able to access to 'Pre-sales', 'Post sales' and 'Sales’. Each org. admin
able to create staff under him and can give access to like 'Pre-sales', 'Post sales' and 'Sales’.
Each org. admin cannot manage staff users of other admin.

 There org. admin would be no rigid access rights for any users i.e., under 'pre-sales' admin
there can be 'post sales' staff also.

 Each org. admin can assign projects to their staff users. Each org. admin cannot create
other admins or staff users for other admin. Each org. admin cannot update roles.

MAJOR IT SKILLS:
 Certification of Testing (Manual + Automation)
 Good Knowledge in QTP, Web Driver, Selenium IDE, Jmeter, Tarantula, Mantis BT.
 Good Knowledge in Database SQL, MS Access, Oracle.
 Programming Languages Known JAVA, HTML and .NET C#.
 Certification in Advanced MS-CIT
Windows XP/7/8/10.
Successfully completed C Programming Course with 1st class.



Academic Project:
 Internship :

Done Internship for 6 months (From 4th Jan 2016 to 3rd June 2016) in Hindustan
Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) on Server Performance Monitoring System (SPMS)
Project.
Front-End: ASP.NET using C# language.
Back-End: Oracle

 The final year project on “Server Performance Monitoring System (SPMS)”
 Front-End: ASP.NET using C# language.
 Back-End: Oracle.

 Mini Project on Hotel Management System.
 Front End: ASP.NET using C# language
 Back End:MYSQL.

 Mini Project on Intranet Mailing System.
 Front End: Net beans IDE 7.4
 Technology: Advanced Java.
 Back End: SQL.

 Mini project on Mobile Shop Management System
 Front End: Net beans IDE 7.4
 Technology: Core Java.
 Back End:MS-Access 2007

Personal Details:
 Date of Birth : 07 Feb 1993
 Language Known : English, Hindi and Marathi
 Marital Status : Married
 Hobbies : Cooking, Driving, Listening Music, Traveling, Playing Badminton.

Extra-Curricular Activities:

 Participating in the UGC sponsored seminar on Networking.
 Participated in Employ-ability Enhancement Series Workshop of Seed InfoTech.
 Participated in Social works with Ashadeep NGO organized by College & Aadhar Shiv

Prathistan.

Strengths:
 Good Social Behavior as I am confident of my ability to work in a team and ready to

take initiative.
 A keen learner and strongly believe that learning is possible at every step in one’s

Career.
 Fast adaptability to new challenge and responsibilities.
 Strong interpersonal skills and self-confident.

I hereby declare that above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:
Date:

Mrs. NILAM KIRAN GHOGARE


	Mrs. NILAM KIRAN GHOGARE 

