

























Akshat Jain 
 
Email : ​akshatjain9556@gmail.com 
Mobile:​ +919873696009  
 

Career Objective 
 
To work in an environment that provides me job satisfaction, self-development and coordinate 
all my efforts and talent towards the success of the organization. 
 
Educational Qualifications 
 
Exam/degree Institute/School Percentage 
B.A. (Hons) German  Department Of Germanic &    

Romance Studies, University   
of Delhi 

63.5% 

12​th​(CBSE)  
 

Geeta Bal Bharti Senior    
Secondary School,  Delhi 

89% 

10​th​(CBSE)  
 

Geeta Bal Bharti Senior    
Secondary School, Delhi  

74%  

 
 

Work Experience 
Currently I am associated with Google India Pvt. Ltd. on the payroll of VACO Binary 
Semantics LLP (A Vendor to Google) in the role of German Language Expert since ​FEB’2017​.

  
My KRA’s include  
 

SKU and Policy validation for the Google Shopping US merchants. 
Resolving  / Troubleshoot  merchant’s  query  through  email  (in  german  language  ) 
Ensuring client satisfactory solution via Call, Chat 
Direct connect to merchant via Video Conference 
Also do quality  checkup  of  the Promotions reviewed  by  other  team  mates. 
Also converting the quotes in German language  for  their  respective  clients  
Data validation and pulling with SQL script. 
Review & analyzing of data through a queue in a Google whitelisting tool. 
Adhering & maintaining SLAs as per client requirements. 
Maintaining TAT with TAMs & SPMs. 

 
Google Shopping Merchant Promotion & Policies 
 

Result oriented Professional with experience in areas of online shopping,Content 
Development 
Provides regular merchant / online retailers feedback to ops onshore team 



Responsible for assigning daily works in a sequential & appropriate manner with in the 
Team. 

 
 
Additional  responsibility  
 

Taking interviews  to  get  the  new  and  eligible  resource  for  the  organization  who can 
actively  perform  all  the  task provided  by  the  organization  
 
Also giving  the  training  to  new  resources  and  make  them  ready  to  take  the 
challenges which  can  contribute  towards  the same  organization  goal.  
 
Also actively participating in extra fun activity  to  make  the  work  environment  more 
friendly.  

 
Rewards  &  Recognition 
 

Client Appreciations  and  quarterly  star  performance  award  in  every  quarter  for 
handling   process  independently  under minimal  supervision  with  High  volume. 
 
Successfully  conducting  the  training  for  new  joiners  in  the  process  and  awarded 
for  the same. 

 
Technical Proficiency  
 
        Familiarity  with  some  MS  Office  packages  (MS  word,  MS  PowerPoint),  Dashboard  
 
Hobbies And Extra Curricular Activities 
 

Watching Movies  
Listening Music  
Playing Indoor Games  
 

Personal Details 

        Date of Birth                          28​th​ July1995 
        Father’s Name                        Mr. Rakesh Jain 
        Marital Status                         Single 
        Permanent Address                X/3321 Street No. 2, Raghubarpura, Gandhi 
                                                       Nagar, Delhi - 110031  
 
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge  

  
Signature                                                                                                     Place: New Delhi 
Akshat Jain  


