













































Sowmya Shantharam


 

 

1 | P a g e  
 

 

SRINIVASARAO NELLURI 

CONTACT +91- 9866787379 

MAIL: SRINIVASRAO.NELLURI@GMAIL.COM 

 

 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  

 

 

 Around 7.8 years of experience in SAP MM with Three Roll outs, One Support Project & One Support Project 

 Very Good knowledge in SAP SD.  

 SAP Certified Application Associate - Procurement with SAP ERP 6.0  

 Strong functional knowledge in areas of Purchasing, Special procurement process & Stock transfer process. 

 Thorough knowledge in EDI/IDOC processing 

 Handled Data Migration and cutover activities for Master data 

 Performed various roles like Team member, Team lead in different projects 

 Extensive experience in managing cross-functional modules 

 Provided support in technical aspects for New Project RFPs.  

 

SAP Skills & Certifications 

 SAP MM Certified  

 SAP Ariba Down Stream.  

Education 

 B-Tech in Mechanical engineering from J.N.T.U. 2007. 

 

Professional Experience  

 

Organization Industry From To Role 

Present Company CTS June 12 Till SAP SCM Consultant 

Previous Company 1 L&T Info Tech Aug 11 May 12 SAP MM Consultant 

Previous Company 2 WS Industries 
India Ltd 

Mar 10 Feb 11 Executive Engineer 

 
Project Details: 

Client:   Jabil Lite Rollout. (Sep 16 – till Date) 

Project:   Rollout  

SAP:   ECC 6.0 

Role:    SAP MM, WM & LE Consultant 
Location:  Hyderabad 



 

 

2 | P a g e  
 

 

 
Client:   Microsoft, BPRT Project, NA. (Oct 15 – till Date) 

Industry:  Health Care 

Project:   Regression Testing  

SAP:   ECC 6.0 

Role:    SAP SD & MM Consultant 
Location:  Hyderabad 

 
Client:   Philips Wave2 Steady State, NA. (June12 – Sep 15) 

Industry:  Health Care 

Project:   AD & AMS 

SAP:   ECC 6.0 

Role:    SAP SD & MM Consultant 
AD Project Roles 

 Understanding Business new requirement by studying the Adaptive CR templet provided by the user 

 Reaching out users and gathering the information with respect to their requirement 

 Customizing the document types, and message types depending on requirements 

 Preparing functional and customizing documents 

 Sharing the Functional Specification to Technical team and explain the User Requirement  

 Working along with the Technical team to customize user Exits 

 Analyze the Gapes and clearing the gapes using customizations or new code using user exits 

 Gathering the master data information from different users 

 Verifying the Master data with Users before uploading it in production. 

 Uploading Master data with the help of LSMW 

 Working along with interface teams 

Project Roles 

 Reaching out users and gathering the information with respect to their requirement 

 Customizing the document types, and message types depending on requirements 

 Preparing functional and customizing documents 

 Sharing the Functional Specification to Technical team and explain the User Requirement  

 Providing user trainings for the new process.  

 Preparing process document 

 Creation of Organization Structure. 

 Creation of new pricing & output procedure 

 Master data Migration 

 Preforming module test in development 
 

Project Roles 

 Discuss with Business to ensure the KPI's are met. 

 Analyze the issues raised by customer and provide the solutions with in SLA or OLA 

 Working with team members to fix long pending issues 

 Escalate the issues to higher management to receive help from all other streams 

 Receiving the KT for the new project changes which are already moved in Production. 

 Understand the Business scenarios and list the no of validations, which are need to validate while test 

 Provide  reverse KT to the SIT team and get the approval script to add in test package 

 Add the scripts to Solomon Test Packets to run in while Regression test execution. 

 Test script management for bot manual and automation testing 

 Execution of the test scripts  

 Prepare the sign off documents and share in for the validation. 
 



 

 

3 | P a g e  
 

 

 Setting the Batch jobs with respect users requirements. 

 Providing user trainings for the new process.  

 Preparing process document 

 Preforming module test in development 

 Helping users & follow up with Users with regards of UAT. 

 Performing integration test 

 Verifying the transport sequence while moving the changes to production.  

 Proving support of the new changes in the warranty period. 

 Proving KT to Support team and User regarding new changes.  
 
Support Project Roles: 

 Understand Emergency of the Business and respond to it accordingly to meet the KPI's 

 Analyze the issues raised by customer and provide the solutions with in SLA or OLA 

 Working with team members to fix long pending issues 

 Escalate the issues to higher management to receive help from all other streams 

 Work on Corrective CRs if any Bug found in the program and fix it permanently 

 Work along with other Business partners to fulfill the client requirements 

 Analyze and understand the Interface issues. Escalate the issues to correct stream to fix all interface issues 

 Checking Old Data and collecting the retention period to archive the data to improve performance of the 
production system 

 Working on Interface team to Improve Performance of the production system 

 IDOC monitoring in production and reprocess the Failed IDOCs 

 Monitor IDOCs which are struck between the interface and push it by processing 

 Continues Monitoring of the Batch jobs, do needful to run without any interruption 

 Re-Run or stop the jobs if any job fails and running for long time 

 Creating the new batch jobs as per the Users requirement to fulfill their daily activities like report fetching etc 

 Escalate job details to BASIS team to automate the jobs so that no manual intervention is required to run the jobs 
as per the user required timings 
 

 

Client:  Al Mulla Groups, Kuwait 

Industry: Customer Service  

Project:  Roll out to New Company code 

SAP:   ECC 6.0 

Role:    SAP MM Consultant 

Location:  Mumbai 
 
Project Roles: 

 Studying business Process and finding Client requirement. 

 Analyze the client requirement and come up with the solution. 

 Preparation of Blue Print as per client Business process 

 Analyze client organization structure and creating the organization structure 

 Configuration of purchasing documents 

 Configuration Release strategies for Purchase Requisitions, purchase Orders. 

 Configuration of Purchasing Document output 

 Configured Pricing Procedure: Defining Condition Type, calculation schema & schema group 

 Invoice verification setting for blocking the invoices 

 Prepared Functional specification as per the Client Requirement 

 Performed Unit testing based on the test cases 

 Involved in Integration testing. To recommend the solutions to the client and implement them 

 Development of reports as per client requirement 



 

 

4 | P a g e  
 

 

 
 
 
Client:  LUPIN, MUMBAI 
Project:   SAP PM Implementation  
SAP:   SAP ECC 6.0 
Role:    SAP MM Consultant 
Location:  Mumbai 

 

Project Roles:  
 

 Studying business process  

 Analyzing gaps and providing solutions. 

 Configuration of number ranges for purchase documents and material documents. 

 FS preparation as per the client requirement. 

 Uploading the master data and purchasing data using LSMW. 

 Knowledge Transform to end user. 

 QA: Module testing, integrations testing, Helping users in UAT. 
 


