














































CURRICULUM-VITAE 

 

ABHISHEK R        

SAP GRC Consultant 

Mobile: +919036194800                                                                        

Email ID: rabhishek295@gmail.com 
 

Career Summary 

Employer: Wipro Technologies 

Experience: August 2015 – Present (2 years and 2 months) 

Key Skills in SAP GRC Process Control 10.0 

 Customize and configure SAP GRC Process control 10.0 

 Creation of PC Master data 

 SAP GRC Access Control and Process Control integration 

 Maintain Continuous Control Monitoring (CCM) Business rules and Data sources 

 Schedule CCM jobs 

 Export/Import of Business rules and Data Sources 

 Knowledge about MDUG and CLM tools 

 Policy Management 

 Test and Assess Controls and Sub-process 

 Perform Business Transaction such as Sign-Off and Aggregation of Deficiencies (AOD) 

 Good understanding of Workflows in SAP GRC Process Control 

 Managing and configuring Event Queues and Event Linkages 

 Configure Multiple-Compliance Framework 

 Configure Plan Usages (For Policies, assessments, tests, Sign-off, and AOD) 

 Creation of Questions and Surveys 

 Configuration of Ad-hoc issues 

 Entity Level Authorization in SAP GRC PC 

mailto:rabhishek295@gmail.com


 Maintaining Custom agent determination rules and Fall-back receiver 

 Maintaining Data-marts for reporting in SAP GRC 

 

Key Skills in SAP GRC Access Control 10.0 

 Customize and configure ARA, EAM and UAM in SAP GRC Access control 10.0 

 Maintain Configuration settings for ARA, EAM, and UAM 

 Customizing Notification messages 

 Configuring user provisioning settings 

 Customize MSMP Workflow configuration for Access request Process. 

 Creation of BRF plus Flat rule for Initiator and Agent rule kind. 

 Maintenance of BRF plus Decision table  

 Complete understanding of Segregation of Duties (SoD) Control. 

 Creation of Rule set and functions 

 Scheduling Synchronization jobs to extract the Repository object/Action/Role usage 

information from target connector 

 Running risk analysis at user/role level 

 Worked in a Role clean-up project to remediate/mitigate the risk 

 Alert generation for ARA. 

 Perform SoD review 

 Configuring ID based Firefighter 

Project Contribution 

SAP GRC (May 2016 – Present, 1 year 5 months) 

 Changes to SAP GRC configuration as per requirement 

 Identifying Bugs in the application and implementing SAP note to apply the fix. 

 Running batch risk analysis 

 Rule set maintenance 

 Debugging issues with MSMP workflow path 



 Scheduling CCM jobs every month 

 Launching Plans using Planner functionality as per user’s request 

 Troubleshooting workflow related issues 

SAP Basis and Authorization (Nov ‘15 to April ’16, 6 months) 

 Complete system monitoring and Job monitoring 

 Analyse system logs, ABAP dumps, Table locks, and Update errors. 

 Client opening and closing 

 Printer administration 

 RFC configuration 

 User Administration 

 Role Creation, modification and deletion 

 Setting up trace for a user to determine authorization issues 

 GRC Role upload and Access request administration 

 

Technical Skill Set 

 ERP System: SAP NETWEAVER 7.0 

 Tools: NWBC, BRF plus, Transport Expresso. 

 Ticketing Tools: Triole, Cherwell 

 Operating system: Windows 10/8/7/XP.  

 Office packages: Excel, Word 

Key Responsibilities Handled 

 Provide end to end support on SAP GRC 

 Adherence to OLA and SLA 

 Timely response to issues and escalations 

 Weekly calls with clients to discuss the progress of on-going issues 

 Provide trainings on SAP GRC application to business users. 



Qualification 

 Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science and Engineering) from Sir M. Visvevaraya 

Institute of Technology, Bangalore in 2015 with First Class degree. 

 Pre University College (P.C.M.E) from St. Joseph’s Pre-University college, Bangalore in 

2011 with 78%. 

 SSLC from Evershine High School, Bangalore in 2009 with 80%. 

Training 

 Hands on Training in SAP ABAP (August ‘15 to October ’15, 2 months) 

Personality Traits 

 Excellent problem solving and analytical skills 

 Ability to work under pressure and finish the task in demanding deadlines. 

 Self-motivated and goal oriented. 

 Easily adaptable 

 Detail Oriented 

Additional Information 

 DOB:  29 May 1993 

 Gender:  Male 

 Marital Status:  Single 

 Languages Known:  Kannada, Hindi, and English 

 Hobbies: Love to read books, Bike riding, Go-carting, Snooker, Travelling, and Swimming 

 Father’s Name & Occupation:  Mr Ravi. N,  works at BHEL 

 


