















































Mantu roy chowdhury 

Sai residency-108 opp ICICI bank, Hi-tech city, Hyderabad 500081  

• Contact No : 9573512525 • Email : mantu438@gmail.com 

 Objective  

I am a consistent, hardworking, highly motivated person. I enjoy working with the public. I feel that i am 
a friendly, outgoing and dependable person. I feel it is crucial to demonstrate the importance of my job 
duties and expectations. I am looking to improve my position in the work force, expand my knowledge 
and skills. I am also looking to establish long term employment in a friendly environment. 

 Education Details  

• MBA, Nmims university 

• 2016-2018 

 Work Experience  

• Vodafone partner service India 

Junior executive 

Sep 2015 – April 2016 

1. transfer of ownership 
looking after sim card for organization and proceed further once authority letter and transfer of 
ownership letter is signed by the CEO or director. 
After signature of CEO or director will proceed sim card to the employees in UK. 
Handling mobile numbers from one Vodafone business account to another business account or 
personal account 
3 interact with customer through email and resolving all queries. 
Managing customer details in CRM 

2. vodafone partner service. 
looking after data service for sim card of individuals and rental plan too. 
Changing plans upgrading customers contracts 
Providing VAS (value added service) 
Providing NUC (network unlocking code) and PAC (porting authorization code) 
Disconnections of mobile numbers. 
 

 IMS people possible 
Recruitment consultant  

May 2016 - May 2018

mailto:mantu438@gmail.com


Department -ORS UK-Medacs Profile- 

Recruitment Consultant 

1.Hiring nurses for permanent in NHS trust for different hospital. 
2.worked for Philippines and India nurses. 
3.Also chased documents for peramnent nurses,audit work,follow up,dead line target. 
4.Achieved 400 nurses target documents and placements in philippines and India. 
5.Direct Client coordination for work and process. 

Department - ORS UK- DOC(Doctorsoncall) 

Profile- Recruitment Consultant 

1. Chasing documnets for short term,long term locum doctors for UK, India, Greece, 
Germany, Northen Ireland, Pakistan, Europe Countries. 
2. Follow up for working doctors within two months and two weeks, also deal with new starter 
doctorsb for different hospital. 
3. Audit work is also covered for all doctors at the end of the month. 
4. Maintaining spreadsheet for mandatory documents before starting locum in hospital. 
5.Client coordination regarding documents chased. 
6. Also maintain face to face appointment for doctors original documents with offsite 
compliance officer for meeting. 
7. Also maintain minutes for doctors documents for recruiter. 
8. Also maintain doctors handbook, login id related to GMC(general medical 
council),revalidation with GMC. 
9. Before moving doctor from grade 2 to grade 1 all documents are verified and to be original seen by 
offisite compliance officer and should be valid. 

Department :- Medecho ORS (UK) 

Profile :- recruitment consultant 

•Managing all portals for timesheet and payments. 

Hiring doctors for locum in UK end to end. 

• Medline recruitment Ltd. 
Senior recruitment consultant  

May 2018 - till date 

 

1. Id medical 
 

Dealing with id medical for different hospitals and placed nurses from all across the world for 
permanent position. 
Also looking after end to end recruitment and follow nurses until they start working with 
hospitals. 

2.Medline recruitment 
 Looking nurses from English speaking country as well as non-English speaking country. Also 

dealing with benefits from our companies and hospital to nurses. 
 Placed permanent nurses in UK for more than 10 nurses and also worked in different projects. 
 Source nurses from different portals and social medias. 
 Screening and submitting resumes, interview process, selection, signing contracts and 

agreement, follow up, and maintaining relationship with clients, candidates and vendors, 
managing database, crediting salary to nurses. 

 

Project Details 

 

• Transfer of ownership 

From business partners used to deal with paperwork name transfer of ownership before 
applying sim card to employees in an organizations 

Period: 6 months Team Size: 20 

Role: Junior executive 

PROJECT:1 



PROJECT: 2 

• Medacs 

Hire permanent nurses end to end from Philippines, India and 

Singapore source them with different portals also post job for 

opportunities.      

Period:  1 year Team Size: 1 

Role: Recruitment consultant 

PROJECT: 3 

• Doc (doctors on call) 

Looking after compliance team for locum doctors end to end 

Period: 6 month Team Size: 30 

Role: Compliance officer 

PROJECT: 4 

• Med echo 

Recruiting doctors for UK end to end and also looking after payment portals and timesheets 

Period: 6 months Team Size: 20 

Role: Recruitment consultant 

 

 Field of Interests  

• Hr 

 Skills  

• Communication, deadline target 

 Strength & Hobbies  

• Parents 

• Badminton, listening music’s, tennis. 

 Reference  

Manan rawal 

Recruitment consultant 

Ims people 

+918866741874 

Garima 

Recruitment consultant 

Medline recruitment 

+917567444642 

 

 Declaration  

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the 
responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

 

Date   : 20
th
 Sep, 2018 

 Place: Hyderabad 

(Mantu roy chowdhury) 


	Objective
	Education Details
	Work Experience
	Field of Interests
	Skills
	Strength & Hobbies
	Reference
	Declaration

