















































Sivaramakrishnan.C

8/29,Dharmalingeshwarar Koil Street, 

Mobile No: 9884370299
Sarva Mangala Nagar, MMTC Colony, 

E-mail id:sivaramakrish@gmail.com 
Nanganallure, Chennai-61.








OBJECTIVE:


To pursue a challenging position with my technical and inter-personal skills which help me evolve in the company as one of the most valuable professional.

EXPERIENCE:

A total of 5 years and 7 months in IT enabled Services

Current Employer: Thomson Reuters from 18th Jan 2010 till date

Role: Product Support Analyst

· Assist customers to perform searches in Thomson Reuters’ products

· Provide frontline support to customers via Thomson Reuters established communication channels
· Monitor various support queues and ensure that customer requests are handled within established SLAs

· Conduct training to the team on new product releases
· Identify potential defects in the products and report them to the development team

· Provide improvements and suggestions to the development team frequently

· Constantly update Thomson Reuters Knowledgebase solutions with new product solutions identified in the products
· Perform User Acceptance Tests for new tools that would get into production environment

· Assist management with MIS reports

Previous Employer: HCL Technologies, BPO Services from 20th July 2006 till 30th November 2009

Role: Floor Coach 

· Mentoring the teams and coaching team members to ensure that every member in team is at the same knowledge level.

· Develop proper action plans / modules based on the observations and trend analysis to conduct necessary trainings for team members. 

· Monitor calls to ensure that resolutions to customer queries are provided as per SLA’s.

· Raise trouble tickets to escalate issues
· Help customers set up the internet connection by configuring routers and modems for them

· Providing solutions to high-speed broadband Internet service
· Provide Network support / configuration of wireless routers to British Telecom customer operations
· Help in configuring e-mail accounts in Outlook Express and Microsoft Outlook
Achievements:
· Recognized as the best coach for the 2nd quarter of 2008.

· Received Quality Champion award.

· Awarded Yellow Belt for playing an active role in a Six Sigma Project 
· Effectively handled a training batch during transition and played the role of a  “SME – Offshore Training Lead”

TOOLS:
Siebel (CRM), Motive Insight (Online Chat Tool), GTA (Remote Assistance), SFDC (SalesForce)

SKILL SET:

	Languages
	C, C++, Java 1.2

	Packages
	MS-Office

	Front End
	Visual Basic6.0

	Database
	Oracle 8i

	Internet Tools
	HTML, JavaScript


ACADEMICS:

	Institute
	Course
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	Anna University (CDE)
	M.SC Computer Science
	65
	2009

	D.B. Jain College
	B.C.A
	70.0
	June 2006

	Sri Sankara Mat. Hr. Sec. School
	XII
	88.8
	March 2003

	Sri Sankara Mat. Hr. Sec. School
	X
	81.09
	March 2001


ACADEMIC PROJECTS

1. Title: Laboratory Test Planning and Invoicing System

The system helps the management keep track of the patients, their samples collected for various tests and laboratory users in various shifts. It is capable of creating new tests and procedures for biochemistry tests like glucose tolerance tests, blood tests, urine test, etc and then generates the test reports and the bills on the test performed.

2. Title: Payroll processing & Employee Maintenance

The project is to manage the employees’ salary details of the organization through the system and make effective use of human resource and maintain the details about various employees’ present in the organization.

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Father’s Name



:

K.Chandrasekaran.

Date of Birth



:

03-Apr-1985.

Nationality



:

Indian

Hobbies



:

Play Cricket, Volley Ball.

ACHIEVEMENTS:


Winner of proficiency awards in the subjects of Mathematics, C++, Microprocessor and its applications, Java, and Computer Networks and its Application during under graduation.

STRENGTHS:

Good team member


Quick Learner

DECLARATION:



I hereby declare that the above particulars given by me are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.








Yours sincerely,

  C.SIVARAMAKRISHNAN

