















































                                                 

ROHINI KARTHIK 
 

  
                                                 

      +91 9645960596 

      rohinikarthik0109@gmail.com 
       

 
 
 

SUMMARY 

Quality-focused accounting professional with cross-functional competencies 

possessing around 5 years of experience in phases of accounting & financial 

analysis. Accounting and Financial Reporting personnel delivering MIS reports 

& statements. Good experience in creating documentation to accompany 

financial documents solving regulatory and financial issues. Stakeholder 

handling experience in different levels. 

 

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE 

 
Senior Associate – Accounts Payable June 2018 - Present 
 
Conduent business services India LLP Kochi 
 
Key Responsibilities: 

 Ensuring that the payment of invoices is completed within a timely manner 

and in accordance with payment terms. 

 Identifying invoices that are overdue or have not been received. 

 Making and receiving telephone calls to and from suppliers on a variety of 

queries 

 Verifying and checking expenses claims 

 Matching invoices to the relevant receipts 

 Keeping track of every transaction and logging details into a system 

 Able to deal with a large amount of invoices. 

 Maintaining rigorous controls over transactions to mitigate any fraud risks. 

 Strong background in internal control processes and procedures. 

 Methodical approach to getting things done. 

 
Previous Experience: 
 
Accountant Executive                                                    Sep 2014 – May 2018  
BRD Securities, Thrissur, Kerala 
 
Key Responsibilities: 

 Handling complete accounting such as recording Assets, Liabilities, Equity, 
Revenue, Cost of sale and Expense after verifying Invoices & supporting 
documents 

 Closing annual books of accounts ensuring all transactions and accruals are 
recorded. 

 Preparation and Presentation of monthly, quarterly & annual statements. 

 Preparation of Accounting schedules for audit purpose & coordinating with 
auditors for annual audits. 

 
 

 
PROFESSIONAL 
COMPETENCIES 

 
 

 Financial 
statement analysis. 

 Financial reporting 

 General ledger 
Accounting 

 Internal Control  

 Bank 
reconciliation.  

 Risk management 

 Inter head 
reconciliation 

 Payroll Processing 

SKILLS AND 
COMPETENCIES 

 

 Effective Time 
Management  

 Good interpersonal 
skills, 
communication 
skills 

 Analytical skill 

 Filing of tax returns. 

 Tech savvy: 

 Microsoft Office 

Suite (Outlook, 

Word, Excel, 

PowerPoint) 

 Tally ERP 9.0 

 SAP 

 ARIBA 

 SAP BY D 



 Managing of accounts receivable & payable process, tracking of invoices for 
collections and payments. 

 Preparation of Monthly Bank Reconciliation statement & recording 
transactions. 

 Recording, settlement & reporting of inter-company transactions & 
advances. 

 Monthly update of salary schedule for transfers via wage protective system 

 Preparing depreciation schedules and the assets register of the company 

 Fund Management. 

 Maintaining primary books of accounts. 

 Assisting the process of finalization of accounts 

 Monitoring the inter head reconciliation.  

 Maintaining all the accounting books, journals & ledgers. 

 Preparing of cash received, deposited at bank, NEFT/RTGS reports. 

 Recording the data into system through Tally ERP software. 

 Verification of Invoices & processing the bill for payments. 

 Keep the record of cheques issued to the concerned party. 

 Responsible for issue & follow-up of receipt books. 

 Maintaining the files & various documents. 

 Negotiating with vendors as per instructions received. 

 Updating day to day bank transactions. 

 TDS and GST filing 
 
Accountant – Impression Travels.                            June 2012 – Aug 2014 
 

 Preparation of Accounting schedules for audit purpose & coordinating with 
auditors for annual audits. 

 Managing of accounts receivable & payable process, tracking of invoices for 
collections and payments. 

 Preparation of Monthly Bank Reconciliation statement & recording 
transactions. 

 Recording, settlement & reporting of inter-company transactions & 
advances. 

      Monthly update of salary schedule for transfers via wage protective system 

 Maintaining primary books of accounts. 

 Recording the data into system through ERP software. 

 Verification of Invoices & processing the bill for payments. 

 Keep the record of cheques issued to the concerned party. 

 Responsible for issue & follow-up of receipt books. 

 Maintaining the files & various documents. 

 Negotiating with vendors as per instructions received. 

 Updating day to day bank transactions. 
 

EDUCATION 

 M.com                                                                                                                   [Present]                                                                                    

CALICUT UNIVERSITY 

 Bachelor of Commerce                                                                                    [2009- 2012]                                          

CALICUT UNIVERSITY 

 HSC                                                                                                                    [2007 - 2009]                                                           

Board of HSE, Kerala 

 SSLC                                                                                                                  [1997 - 2007]                                           

State Board, Kerala 

 

LANGUAGE SKILLS 

 

 English (Fluent) 

 Malayalam (Native) 

 Hindi 

 Tamil 
 

 

 

        PERSONAL INFO    
 

BIRTH DATE: 01/06/1992 
NATIONALITY: INDIAN 
MARITAL 
STATUS:MARRIED 
PASSPORT Availability: 
YES 

 



 
Declaration:  
I hereby declare the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. 
Reference will be provided on further request. 

                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                         
ROHINI KARTHIK 

 

 
 

 


