















































   



    Curriculum Vitae                           

Name :Ajay Ramanand Gupta.

Email:arsgupta9@gmail.com
Contact No. : - 9960602618
Profile


My career has led me to next level by putting my continous efforts. A career oriented guy having more than 2 years experience in Banking and Insurance project, planning and analusis of processed loan data and claim information, reporting stuff for the management. I have helped to plan, forecast the employee managemrnt, to gain 100% accuracy through the process by 100% auditing. My own educational background and analytical interests brought me here at the level where I want to take more responsibilities. I am good at analysis, Excellent decision making, Excel and some tools & application, Extremely self-motivated, can work in even under pressure.


I don’t want to be limited forone project or domain but want to explore my knowledge and career in different areas, departments. Able to relocate any location if support provided by company.

Objective: 
Looking forward to work in an organization that will give me a chance to learn new challenging things as well as opportunities to implement my knowledge, appreciate my contributions and reward my efforts, having a team of professionals and quality environment where my knowledge and experience can be shared and enriched.

Skill Base
· Good Team Player. Always like to work as a team.
· I am good at Analysis of data and can create various reports in Excel.
· Excellent decision making skill.
· Proven leadership and human management skills.
· Flexible to accept the new changes in the procedure.
· Time-efficient, systematic working methodology.
· Languages: English, Hindi and Marathi.
Professional Career

· Associate

EXL service (I) pvt. Ltd., PUNE, INDIA (1 Dec 2016 to Now)

· Responsible for daily production and TAT.

· Creating Daily Reports in the Excel for thr Management.

· Working in US Insurance domain. Having good idea about business and management.

· Assisting agents in their work-related queries and provide an effective solution.

· Create and providing the weekly and monthly reports to the management.

· Responsible for production, TAT, quality and daily reports.

· Organising Huddles twice a week to ensure the process is going smooth.

· Maintain the daily attendance sheet, Quality Reports, Production Reports.

· Process Associate

FutureZ HRSolutions, Pune (13th Jan 2015 to 30th Nov 2016)

· Responsible for daily production and audit.
· (After 6th month of joining) responsible for creating weekly and monthly data presentation.
· Responsible to give a proper reson on client escalations.
· Able to provide more than 100% production and 100% quality.
Academic credentials:-

	Course
	Board/University/Institute
	Year of Passing
	% /Grade

	Graduation(BCA)
	Pune University
	March-2013
	68%

	H.S.C.
	           Maharashtra Board
	Feb-2010
	56.33%

	S.S.C.
	           Maharashtra Board
	March-2008
	72.61%


Computer Skill:-  MS-Excel, MSCIT, MS-SQL, HTML.
Personal Details:-
  Ajay Ramanand Gupta.
  Date of Birth: - 09 NOV 1992
  Languages Known: - English, Hindi, Marathi.

  Hobbies: - Surfing on Internet,Travelling, Listening Songs, Watching Movie.
Local Address:-
New Laxmi ngr, Shastri ngr Police stn,
Near Sai Sayaji CNG pump, Kothrud.

Pune-411038

Permanent Address: -
 At post: -Otur, 

 Tal- Junnar, Dist- Pune.
 Pin code-412409
Declaration:- 

I here by that the information presented above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

Date:










Signature
Place: -
Pune.








           (Gupta A.R)
