














































  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E)    Graduated, June 2016 

Hasmukh Goswami College of Engineering,   Computer Engineering 

Gujarat Technological University   6.42 CGPA out of 10 

 

12th (H.S.C)      Graduated, July 2011  

S. M. S. M High School, Dharampur   50.51% out of 100% 

G.H.S.E.B. Gandhinagar(Gujarat Board)       

 

 

 

To associate with an organization that promises a creative career in progressive environment in order to enhance my 
knowledge and skills in the state of new technology and be a part of the term that excels in work towards the growth 
of the organization 

 

 

Languages Android , C,  C++, Core  JAVA  
Developing Tools Android Studio, Ecllipse, 

NetBeans 

Web Technology HTML Android Skills Github, Google map and Place 

Operating System Windows, Linux  Api, Device Communication 

Database System  MySQL, Sqlite  (Bluetooth),Rx java, Retrofit 

 

Android Developer 

linkedin.com/in/chintanprajapati1993/ 

+91.9586495453 

chintan.prajapati04@gmail.com 

 

Chintan Prajapati 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
1+ Years 

AGE 
24 

ABOUT ME 

Experienced Junior Android Developer with a demonstrated history of working in 
the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Java, C, C++, and 
Android, Json, Mobile Development. Strong engineering professional with a 
Bachelor's degree focused in Computer Engineering from Hasmukh Goswami College 
of Engineering (SFI)-Vehlal Dahegam 718. 

Education 

Career Highlights 

 

Technical Skills 

 



 

 

1.) Web informatic Software Solution. 

Location : Surat, Gujarat. 
Designation     : Software Engineer Trainee. 
Duration : Aug-2015 – Jan-2016. 
Team size        : 3 Member. 
Project : Eatbingo(Android application), Money Expense (Android application). 
Technology : Java/J2EE, MySQL, Android. 

 Worked on Designing and Layout. 

 Worked on Google map API & restaurant Location. 

 Worked on JSON & Web services. 

 Worked on Sqlite database. 

 Worked on Deploying of application on play store. 
 

2.) Shreeram Infotech  

Location : Surat, Gujarat. 
Designation     : Android developer. 
Duration : March-2016 – Nov-2016. 
Technology : Android, Json, XML parsing, SDK, WEB service, Mobile Background service. 
Applications : Video Player, 

  VRX Player, 
  App Lock. 
 

3.)  Uffizio India Software Consultants Pvt. Ltd. 

Location : Valsad, Gujarat. 
Designation     : Junior Android Developer. 
Duration : Nov-2016 – till date. 
Technology : Android, Json, Socket Communication, SDK, Material Design, Google  Map And Place Api,    

  Github, Android Version Marshmallow And Nougat, Design Type , Gcm , Fcm , 
  Retrofit, RxJava .    

Applications : Flitrack (Vehicle Tracking System), 
  WovenGold  (Bluetooth Communication), 
  Personal Tracker (Tracking Application on GPS) 
 
 
 

 

 

 Internet of things  Mobile application Design 

 Device Communications  
 

 

 

 

Father’s Name : Mr. Jayeshbhai Prajapati Marital Status : Single 
Birthday : April 19, 1993 Nationality : Indian 
Gender : Male   

 

 

Work Experience 

 

Personal Interests 

 

Personal Details 

 



Declaration 

I, Chintan Kumar, hereby declare that the information contained herein is true and correct to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. 

 
                     Chintan Prajapati. 
                    Valsad, Gujarat. 
       


