






































Narayana Rao Nethala



               E-mail: narayana.nethala26@gmail.com
   PL/SQL Developer





Mobile no: +91-9502830205                                                                                          

Objective
                A responsible and challenging position in an organization that would enable me to augment my already acquired knowledge, bring to forefront my skill and offer opportunities for growth, based on achievements.

Professional Summary
· 3+ years of programming experience as an Oracle PL/SQL Developer in Analysis, Design and Implementation of Business Applications using the Oracle Relational Database Management System (RDBMS).

· Experience in development of applications using Oracle 11g SQL and PL/SQL. 

· Experience in developing View, Constraints, Indexes (B Tree, Bitmap and Function Based), Materialized views, Synonyms and Sequences.

· Experience in developing DDL (Create, Alter, Modify, Drop & Truncate), DML (Insert, Update & Delete), DCL (Grant & revoke) and TCL (Commit, Rollback & Save point). 

· Experience in writing Complex SQL queries using Aggregate functions, Sub query, Analytic function, Set operators and Joins.

· Experience and Strong knowledge on PL/SQL Procedures, Functions, Packages, Triggers, Cursors, Collections, Ref cursor, Bulk Collection and Dynamic SQL.

· Experience includes in Anonymous blocks, Exception handling, and Parameterized cursor.

· Loaded Data Flat files into Oracle Tables using SQL Loader and External Tables. 

· Experience on Creation of Global Temporary Tables and Table Partitioning. 

· Partitioned large Tables using list partition.
· Experience on Tables Design as per requirements.

· Strong Knowledge on provide Grant privileges and Roles to other users.

· I have basic knowledge of performance tuning.
· Basic knowledge on 12c developer features.



	Organization
	Designation
	Duration

	3i Infotech Ltd.             
	Software Developer
	April-2015 - Till Date



  Skills

	Languages and Software
	Oracle SQL, PL/SQL

	Database                                     
	Oracle 11g (SQL, PL/SQL)

	Operating Systems                    
	Windows 2k, Windows XP

	Tools
	Oracle PL/SQL Developer



Work Experience
#
	Project 
	DATA MART & DATA MIGRATION

	Client
	MASTERCARD ORGANIZATION 

	Duration
	AUGUST-2015 TO TILL DATE

	Technology
	 ORACLE 11g, AND WINDOWS NT.


Description:
Throughout the world, its principal business is to process payments between the banks of merchants

 and the card issuing banks or credit unions of the purchasers who use the "MasterCard" brand debit, credit and prepaid to make purchases. MasterCard Worldwide has been a publicly traded company since 2006.Payment is sent by the cardholder's bank to the MasterCard counter-party to settlement. Payment is sent over to the merchant's bank from the MasterCard counter-party to settlement. Merchant is paid by the merchant's bank for the cardholder's credit card transaction. The cardholder is billed by the cardholder's bank. Final settlement transaction reports should generate every day.

Responsibilities:

· Creating new Schema.
· Developing Packages, Procedures and Functions as per the requirement.
· Loading data from files into tables by using SQL Loader

· Worked on External tables

· Working experience on data migration, Audit Logs, Job scheduling and Reports.

· Creating database objects through development and testing environments.

· Developing SQL queries for the manipulation of data and transferring data.
· PL/SQL coding, Debugging.
· Creating triggers for the application business logic.
· Migrating the previous deals data stored in excel sheets on to the application.


    Education


  Educati


	Degree
	Specialization
	University
	Year of passing

	B.Sc
	Computer Science 
	Andhra University
	2014



Personal Details

	Name
	Narayana Rao N

	Father’s Name
	Appanna

	Languages Known
	English, Telugu.

	Nationality
	Indian.

	Marital Status
	Single.



   I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date

Place:
Hyderabad






          (N Narayana Rao)
 Experience Details



Declaration







