
















































CURRICULUM VITAE

	Name		:Rajkumar.P
	Mobile No	:+91-9003705456				
	Email-ID	:kuttyraj1810@gmail.com


Career Objective:	
Seeking a challenging position in an Organization where my knowledge & skills will be utilized for the mutual benefit and offers opportunities with good prospects of growth and career development 

Key Responsibilities
· Good analytical and planning skills.
· Strong verbal and personal communication skills.
· Good decision making skills.
· Self motivated and initiator.
· Ability to work under pressure.
· Good presentation skills.

Academic Records:	
	Course
	Institution/University
	Year of Passing
	% of Marks
	Class

	B.E
(ECE)
	Trichy Engineering College, Thiruchirappalli.
 (Anna University., Chennai)
	May-2014
	70%
	I Class

	12th
	Goverment Higher Secondary School,               Jayankondam.
	March-2010
	72.7%
	IClass

	
10th

	Goverment Higher Secondary School,               Jayankondam.
	March-2008
	82.4%
	IClass




Skill Set:

· Ability to quickly master new concepts and capable of working in-group as well as independently
· Sincere, Hardworking and Responsible person with Adaptability.
· Urge to learn .new concepts.
· Got performance award on nov 2017.

Technical knowledge:
Operating Systems:	Windows,Unix/Linux,VxWorks(RTOS)
Programming Languages: basics of C,C++concept and MS-Office
Experience summary:
· Worked as pcb quality department in Avalon technology pvt ltd feb 2015 to oct 2016.

· Worked as Senior associate(Level 2) in eNoah i solution apr 2017 to till now .

Project details:
· PCB Board manufacturing and quality checking.

· Fasano Project: It’s based on the medical insurance. Applicant past five years of medical records faxed by the secured FTP. Complete file sort by date into the chronological order. 

· Examone Project: It’s always based on medical insurance process.
The applicant medical records upload to the examiner to complete the quality check of received file and provide the status of the medical records.

· Superior Mobile Medics process: To receive the lab results of the insured and make the quality check of the received lab reports and submit the error details to the client via intranet (client Desktop). 

  Personal Details
Father’s Name		:	Perumal.R	
Mother’s Name		:            Susila.P
Date of Birth			:	 18/10/1993
Gender			:	 Male
Marital Status		:	 Single
Nationality			:	Indian
Linguistic Proficiency:Can Read& write: English, Tamil. 				
                                      Can Speak:Thelugu, English and Tamil
Address:	 R.S.COLONY, VIRUTHACHALAM ROAD,
					 JAYANKONDAM,
					 ARIYALUR (DT) - 621802.
					 MOBILE NO: +91-9003705456

Declaration:
I am very much confident of my skills to work in a Team and I hereby declare, that all the above given Information are true to the best of my knowledge					
Date:
Place: 								Signature 							                                                     (RAJKUMAR.P)	
