














































Nihitha Eldhose 

Ph.:+91 8086027191       

Email:eldho.nihitha26@gmail.com 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

To pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive organization that gives scope to 

enhance my knowledge, skills and to reach the pinnacle in the security and networking field 

with sheer determination, dedication and hard work. 

 WORK EXPERIENCE: 

  Security Analyst, 

  TripleHat Security Lab LLP,Technolodge IT Park, 

  Muvattupuzha 

                           (June 2016-present) 

 

 Vulnerability Assessment  and Penetration testing - identifying and exploiting 

system, server, network- and application-level vulnerabilities in order to illustrate 

risks and provide prioritized recommendations to clients. 

 Performed Web Application Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing 

exercises for various government organizations, and commercial clients in India and 

Middle East. 

 Performed Mobile Application Pentesting. 

 Performed Alien Vault USM installation and deployment for an Indian Debit card 

vendor. 

 Setup AlienVault SIEM and create data source plugin.  

 Performs real-time monitoring, analysis, reporting and escalations of security events 

from multiple log sources. 

 Experience in configuring various modules (Asset discovery, Intrusion detection, 

Network monitoring etc.) of USM for the given scope of the network as well as 

analysis with USM.  

 Able to verify various operations on USM. 

 Ensure that the company knows as much as possible, as quickly as possible about 

security incidents.  Write comprehensive reports including assessment-based findings, 

outcomes and propositions for further system security enhancement. 

 Implementing Snort IDS/IPS. 

 

 

 



 

SAMPLE PROJECTS: 

Project 1: Govt.Organisation 

Client Description Public Sector(UAE) 

Project Duration 1 week 

Project Description Scope of Project  

• Vulnerability Assessment  

• Penetration Testing (Black Box) 

Role  Pentester  

Involvement • Performed external vulnerability assessment 

and penetration testing for a given range of 

host address. 

• Found critical vulnerabilities that could be 

dangerous if not mitigated thoroughly. 

• Prepared Technical report and suggested 

essential mitigations for the findings. 

 

Project 2: Multi-national Hospital 

Client Description Medical Sector (Qatar) 

Project Duration 2 week 

Project Description Scope of Project  

• Vulnerability Assessment 

 • Penetration Testing (Grey Box) 

Role                                             Pentester 

Involvement • Performed vulnerability assessment and 

penetration testing for the web application 

based on DOTNET framework. 

 • Found a critical vulnerability that lead to 

privilege escalation and team compromised 

the web application.  

• Prepared Technical report and suggested 

essential mitigations for the findings. 

 

TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION: 

2017     C|EH        Certified Ethical Hacker     License: 2017 – 2020    ID: ECC77658279015 

2017     AUT         Acunetix v11 User Test      License: 2017-               ID: dnIwaveFn0 

TECHNOLOGY EXPERTISE: 

Vulnerability Assessment Tools: Nessus, OpenVAS  

Web application Scanners: Burp Suite, Netsparker, Acunetix, OWASP ZAP, Beef  



Network sniffers: Wireshark, Ettercap 

SIEM Tools: AlienVault & investigating security threats on network (log Monitoring). 

Exploitation Tools: Metasploit Framework 

Operating System: Windows/Linux systems 

Security Suite: Kali Linux 

Android Security Suite: Santoku Knife  

Web Technologies: HTML, Apache 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 

2016 Bachelor of 

Technology(B.Tech)in 

Information 

Technology 

Anna University 

(Tamilnadu College 

of Engineering, 

Coimbatore) 

                7.85 

 

2012 

 

XIIth 

 

CBSE (St:Mary’s 

Public School, 

Thuruthiply) 

                 

                64% 

 

2010 

 

Xth 

 

CBSE (St:Mary’s 

Public School, 

Thuruthiply) 

                 

                74% 

AREAS OF INTEREST:  

Learning about new methods of attack and about SIEM Tool (Splunk). 

 Learning about Mobile application pentesting (Android & iOS). 

 Frequently participating in OWASP. 

PERSONAL PROFILE: 

 Gender                                 : Female 

 Marital Status                      : Single  

 Languages known               : English, Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi 


