










































RESUMÉ

Bhakti Nagvekar
Balaji House,

Jairam Nagar,
Near Persistent company,
Hinjewadi




                           Mobile: +91 9765937997
Pune-411057




                           Email: bhaktinagvekar1102@gmail.com
Overview
Decisive, action-oriented and results-focused professional offering 3 years of experience in IT industry who possesses self-discipline and the ability to work with minimum supervision. Having a proven ability in AEM 5.6, 6.0, 6.3. Willing to work under challenging environments and determined to achieve success.
Career Summary

	Organization
	Designation
	Period 

	Infosys Ltd.
	Senior System Engineer (SSE)
	October , 2017 - Till Date


Professional Summary:

· 3 Years of experience in web application development and maintenance.
· Design and Development of web applications using Core Java, Servlet, Java Server Pages (JSP), JavaScript, HTML. 
· Hands on Experience in working with Web Content Management system (WCMS) using AEM (Adobe CQ). 
· Managed complete project cycle right from requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding, testing, de-bugging, documentation and implementation.

· Analyzed Business Requirements and defining the scope of development through Interaction with business corporate users, solution providers, management personnel and peers.
· Ability to work as a team to achieve deadlines for successful execution of projects. 
Technical Skills

· Programming Languages:  C, Java
· Server-side Technologies:  Java Servlets, JSP. 

· Web development framework and tools:  Adobe Cq5, JSF, SVN 
· Databases: MySQL 5.1.
· Build Tools: Maven
· Client-side Technologies: JQuery, Ajax, JavaScript, CSS, HTML

· IDE: Eclipse, IntelliJ.

· Web Server: Apache Web Server.
· Platform: Windows.

TOOLS USED:
· Eclipse, IntelliJ, CQ-5, Jira, SVN, Maven.  
Project Profile

1.DIAGEO:
Diageo is a global leader in beverages alcohol with an outstanding collection of brands across spirits and beer – a business built on the principles and foundations laid by the giants of the industry. Diageo produce an outstanding collection of over 200 brands – old and new, large and small, global and local – 
that are enjoyed in more than 180 countries around the world.
The module worked upon was creating a AEM module for Diageo sites. 
The objective of this project is making Diageo site authorable.

TECHONOLOGY USED:  
AEM 6.3, Maven, git, java, JavaScript.
ROLE: Senior System Engineer  
· Creation of technical component specifications.
· Creation of AEM component in 6.3 (Touch UI components.)
 2. MERCK:
Merck is an American pharmaceutical company and one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. The module worked upon was – Medimerck, and was developed for Germany. 
The objective of this project is to develop for doctors and maintain website for Merck and the portal facilitates the user to see various information on different disease, medicines and technologies. 
TECHNOLOGY USED: 

AEM 6.0, Maven, SVN, Java, Servlet, Ajax, Java script, Janrain Integration. 
ROLE: Senior System Engineer 
· Environment set up for development, staging and deploying code on CQ server and publishing them.
· Worked on Development activities like creation, configuration and integration of various components/templates in Classic and Touch UI.
· Worked on Touch UI. Converting components from Classic UI to Touch UI. creation of Touch UI component.
· Led a team of 4 people and successfully delivered the project on time.

· Understanding of requirement and working in collaboration with onsite folks and business stake holders.
· Created a live copy of a project.
· Guiding the team for template and component development and ensuring the workflow in line with the ongoing structure.
· Have been involved in complete cycle from requirement gathering, analysis, code development and deployment.

2. LGI:
Liberty Global is an American, British-based telecommunications and television company that provide pay-tv, broadband, mobile services. 

MYCARE – Customer Portal
The purpose of the project is to facilitate customer with current offers/exchange for existing and new customer. Also provision them to track their usage regarding internet or mobile connection.

Customers can pay and schedule their payment through this portal.

TECHNOLOGY USED: 

CQ5, Java, Servlet, Ajax, Json,
ROLE: Senior System Engineer 
· Set up local instance on CQ and one common Dev instance where production live scenarios can be replicated.
· Development of components and templates as per the requirement.

· Development of customized component that can be used frequently. 
· Building of different bundles in eclipse using maven and deploying them on CQ OSGI web console.
· Understanding of requirement and working in collaboration with onsite folks and business stake holders.

· On time delivery of user story without defect and ensuring its smooth release to production.

ROLE: System Engineer Trainee 
Infosys Limited, Mysore, Karnataka, India 
Systems Engineer Trainee 
Undergone Intensive training in Java Stream. The training was specifically designed which covered technical languages like JSF, JSP, JSTL, HTML, SQL, PL/SQL etc. 
Training and Certifications
1. Training in java stream in Infosys Mysore Training center.
2. Attended 2 days workshop for Design Thinking in Infosys Mysore.
3. Attended Agile training in Infosys.
4. AEM 6.0 developer certification.
Educational Qualifications
	Degree
	School/College
	University/

Board
	Year
	Stream
	Score

	B.E.
	Finolex Academy of Management and Technology,

Ratnagiri
	Mumbai University
	2014
	Electronics
Telecommunication
	71 %

	Diploma
	Government          Polytechnic Ratnagiri
	DTE , Mumbai
	2011
	Electronics

Telecommunication

	87 %

	SSC
	R.P.P.High school,

Kurdhe
	Kolhapur       Board
	2008
	-
	91.07%


Achievements

· Have received appreciation from client and seniors for valuable contribution in project.

· Created artifacts that were reused by the new folks joining the team.

· Have received 2 INSTA Award.
· Consistent academic record till Diploma.
· Participated in science exhibition at school level and paper presentation at college level.
Personal Profile

1. Father’s Name
:  Subhash Raghunath Nagvekar
2. Date of Birth
:  11-02-1993
3. Nationality
:  Indian
4. Languages Known
:  Marathi, Hindi, English
5. Sex
:  Female
6. Marital Status   
:  Unmarried
7. Hobbies
:  Dancing, playing out door games.
8. Passport Number                  : Z3320281
Declaration

I hereby declare that the above furnished details are correct to the best of my knowledge.
  Date:                                                                                                    Signature
  Place: Pune (Maharashtra)                                                            Bhakti Nagvekar
