












































http://bit.ly/infoworld

M.Nandhini,
W/o.G.C.Makeshkumar,
No.121 Sri rajeswari nagar,
Villankurchi,					Mobile	: +91 9384207166
Coimbatore-35.				E-Mail id	: m.nandhinimakesh@gmail.com

Objectives: 
	
	To be associated with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to apply my knowledge .I will do my level best to contribute to the growth of the organization with latest trends and technologies.

Professional Profile:

· Knowledge in website design, development, maintenance, interactive user interface design & development for web sites. 
· Adept knowledge of Web Technologies, Design Pattern, Databases.  

Educational Qualification:


	2012
	B.E (Electronics and Communication Engineering) with 78% from Nandha Engineering College, Erode.          

	2008
	XII with 78% from Kalaimagal Kalvi Nilayam,Erode,State Board.

	2006
	X   with 88% from Kalaimagal Kalvi Nilayam,Erode State Board.


Professional Skill Set:

Programming Languages	ASP.NET 4.0, C#
Web Designing			HTML/CSS
Databases				SQL Server 2008
Operating Systems			Windows 7

Certificate:

· Completed  MCTS  Certification in Web Applications 4.0 (Reference: Transcript id:9534577 Access code: nandhini ramamoorthy).
Career Scan:

· Course Completed .Net 4.0  from Mazenet  Coimbatore.

Personal Skills:

· Adaptive to any situation, willing to learn new things, Maintaining good relationship with my friends.
Project Experience :
Project Name		: Personal Identity Management ASP.Net
Web Technology           : HTML, CSS, Asp. Net with C#.Net
Data Base		: Microsoft SQL Server -2008
Project Description	: This is a Personal Identity Management website which is used to store Personal information like passwords, credit card information and important documents. To provide fesility to maintain password and file management through a website. Only authorized or registered users can login into the system and they can store the data. we have to provide user name and password, for remember different sites is very difficult to remember all those and we may forget lot of times these credentials.
Key Activities: 

· It’s a web-enabled project.
· This project offers user to enter the data through simple and interactive forms. This is very helpful for the client to enter the desired information through so much simplicity.
	
Personal Details
   

Husband Name 			:	G.C.Makeshkumar
Date of Birth 				:	05.05.1991
Language				:	Tamil & English
Nationality 				:	Indian
.
Declaration:

I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.



Place:	coimbatore								
Date:									(R.NANDHINI)



