













































Ekta Sharma                              Phone: +91-9900244467

Ekta Sharma                                 Phone: +91-9457401034
                                                                                 E-mail:  ektasharma2k1@gmail.com
Wide range of experience in Banking domain for resolving long-standing problems and creating solutions that improves operational efficiency in Business Process Outsourcing.
Objective:                                                                                                         

· In quest of challenging assignments in the software industry with a growth oriented organization by way of a challenging environment, where my problem solving, analytical and technical skills are utilizing to build successful solutions for clients.
· A flexible dedicated & self-disciplined individual seeking an opportunity to play a challenging and creative role in development, planning and research with commitment to serve the organization for its growth and development.
Professional Profile:

· Around 2 Year+5 months of Operation Support experience in the Banking Domain.

· Updating teammates with new Policy, terms, new products to run the business smoothly.

· Excellent commitment, dedication and planning towards goal oriented tasks and problem-solving skills with good interpersonal and communication skills.

· Prepare the incident report if any incident occurred.

· Escalating incident to other team as well as onsite team whenever, it is required.

· Performing weekly health check up to run support process smoothly.

· Updating the run book, share drive when new issue happened.

· Contribute to the team learning through open and regular communication. 

· Ensure that product, technical, operational and customer knowledge is maintained at business requirements 

· Minimizing customer complaints and escalations by providing exceptional service.
Academic Background:                                                                                                         

2007                                                                              HIGH SCHOOL 

                                                                                      U.P Board                                                                                                  

                                                                                      SECURED: 74.05%

2009                                                                             INTERMEDIATE                                 

                                                                                     U.P Board

                                                                                     SECURED: 63.03%

2015                                                                             B.TECH (Information technology)

                                                                                     Uttar Pradesh Technical University                                                           

                                                                                     SECURED: 62.02%
Skill set


Programming languages                                       Java (J2EE), VB.Net, basics of C and C++
Web programming                                                JAVASCRIPT, ASP.NET, CSS

Database Used                                                       MS SQL Server 2008

Software packages                                                MS WORD, Excel, and PowerPoint
Interest Of Areas
Networking                                                            Hardware Networking, Routers TP/IP
Technical Certification

· Java                                                                                CCED Institute , AGRA

· CCNA with Network Basics                                          NETWORX PVT.LTD

· ASP.Net                                                                                HITM, AGRA

· AMCAT (PH Score)                                            CERTIFIED IN( Data Processing Specialists,                                                                                                    
                                                                                   Collection specialists, Telesales Professional)
Work Experience:                                                                                                         

Currently working as Senior Process Executive – Infosys BPM limited (one of the top banks of US) since April 2016. 

Project Details:                                                                                                          

Project Title
: 
STOLI (SunTrust Online Support) 
Client
:
SunTrust Bank

Application
:
Argo, Main Frame, E-gain
Team size
:
12
Duration
:
April 2016 to till date

Project Summary:                                                                                                          

SunTrust Online Support is a much advanced database referential retail banking application. It provides a range of financial products and services. It provides an interface to end users to do their day to activity like daily basis transaction, Cash Managing for business, Opening and closing of account, approving Real estate and Non real-estate loan. Users raise the ticket, whenever they face any issue in this application and we have to resolve as per the SLA.

Roles & Responsibilities:                                                                                                          
· Solves client related queries on daily basis and provide proper resolution to client.

· Effectively coach the teammates on daily basis issues and update them as per new SOS.

· Escalating the issues to the higher-level support teams for further assistance, in case if needed.

· Tracking the issue in E-gain tool and resolve depending on the priority of the issues to meet client’s SLA.

Personal Details:                                                                                                          

Name                                :  Ekta Sharma        


Date of Birth

     :  9-Mar-1992     

Language known
     :  English, Hindi     

Marital Status / Gender    :  Single/Female      
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:  Bangalore







Date: 12/28/2017
Ekta Sharma


