













































Chintan S Vyas


 
 

Asha K Kanojiya 
Phone: +91 – 97250 65180 
E-mail: ashakkanojiya1990@gmail.com 
 

 

Work experience:  Total 08 years work experience with BPO and Non BPO industries. 

 
C A R E E R  O B J E C T I V E  

 
To obtain a changing position in the industry with a growth-oriented firm that provides me 
opportunities for advancement where I can utilize and develop my professional skills. 
 
I claim following qualities for myself in relation to my profession.  
 

1. Creative, alert, observant, active and able to carry out the work in given time limit with 

accuracy. 

2. Willing to accept responsibilities. 

3. Ability to use judgment and initiative. 

4. Ability to communicate effectively. 

5. Ability to lead team as well as individually. 

Organization 
C F I R S T  B A C K G R O U N D  C H E C K  I N D I A  LLP  :FEB  2016  T O  T I L L  
D A T E (A H M E D A B A D )  

 

Designation Assistant Manager (Client Service) 
 
Responsibility:  

1. Working directly with clients to resolve issues, 
2. Working as a project manager on small to medium sized company initiatives, 
3. creating weekly and daily work schedule and assignments, 
4. Provide regular updates to clients on the progress of customer service projects and campaigns 

that directly affect each client, 
5. Coordinate internal projects and determine the best utilization of resources to increase 

customer satisfaction, 
6. Encourage revenue growth by inspiring clients to purchase accessories and additional services , 
7. Become the reliable point of contact for each client that is required to establish a strong 

business relationship, 



 
Achievements: 
 

1. Got 1st Ranking in last 2.5 Years as an account owner of IBM 
2. Became exclusive vendor for IBM 
3. Got appreciation from all the accounts for timely delivery 
4. Working on Project call insufficiency which helps organization to stand number 1 

 

Organization A E G I S  :  A N  E S S A R  C O M P A N Y  JUNE  2015  T O  FEB  2016( A H M A D A B A D )  

 
Designation: Team leader ( Vodafone Premium ) 
 
Responsibility:  

1. Develop a strategy the team will use to reach its goal 
2. Provide any training that team members need 
3. Communicate clear instructions to team members 
4. Listen to team members' feedback 
5. Monitor team members' participation to ensure the training they are being provided is being 

put into use, and also to see if any additional training is needed 
6. Manage the flow of day-to-day operations 
7. Create an environment oriented to trust, open communication, creative thinking, and cohesive 

team effort 
8. Provide necessary business information 
9. Ensure deliverables are prepared to satisfy the project requirements, cost and schedule 
 

 
 
Achievements: 
 Create innovative process to improve performance.  
( Project I.I.T. & NFLC)  
 
 
 

Organization 
M P H A S I S  A N  HP  C O M P A N Y :  JUNE  2010  T O  JUNE  2015(M P H A S I S  
B A R O D A )  

 
Designation:        1) Asst. UNIT Manager (QRC & Postpaid Process) (Dec’13 to June'15 Vadodara 
MphasiS) 
Job responsibilities: - 
 

1. Ability to perform analysis of qualitative, Quantitative & Training data 
2. Good Communication skills (English/Hindi/Guj), the role would require to interact with the 

client,  
3. Good MS office skills ( Excel, word and PowerPoint) 
4. Responsible for Operational & Qualitative KPI for the process  
5. Creating scorecards for Operations of SME’s  
6. Creating necessary action plans and driving actions to closure whenever required 



7. Ability to lead & motivate employees towards excellence. 
8. Strong client management and people management skills 

 
Initiative: -  

1. Run the Bottom Quartile Management Process to Improve the process, 
2. Run the Campion to Reduce the Repeat in Airtel Mobility, 

 
 
Designation:2) Senior Officer Process Training  – (Trainer) Airtel Prepaid,Postpaid,QRC. (Sep’12 to 
Dec’13) (12 Months -Vadodara) 
Job responsibilities: - 
 
    1.Being a bridge between Executives and higher management. 
    2.Providing a guidance of newly joined executives. 
    3.Training the new Joiners on Product, Process as well as on soft skills. 
    4.Analisysis of training content 

 
 
 
Initiative: -  

1. Certified as a Trainer by Airtel Bharti(4.9/5) 
2. Start the program like learn with fun campaign at  training to make training more effective 
3. In 12 Months get 7 Best Trainer Award 
4. Help Mphasis Dombivli Center for setting UP new Business Namely Mumbai Postpaid 
  

 
Designation:      3) As a Senior Customer Care Executive Postpaid (Feb’11 to Sep’12) 
Job responsibilities: 
 

1 Daily analysis of the best performers and circulation of report, highlighting the key areas 
affecting the performance in the call center. 

2 Analysis of Customer satisfaction Index. 
3 Handholding and feedback for low performers. 
4 Providing inputs for trainings. 

Responsible for Evaluating and monitoring calls 
 

Designation:  Customer Care executive – Airtel prepaid (Jun ’10 to Feb’11) (12 months - Ahmedabad) 
 
Job responsibilities: - 
 

1 Attending Prepaid calls from all over Gujarat for their complaint/queries. 
2 Ensuring 100% First time resolution to the Customers. 
3 Resolutions to Customer Escalated Cases 

 
 
 
Achievements:  
 



1 Has been awarded with the Best Trainer – 7 times in Msource (India) Pvt. Ltd (Mphasis an HP 
company) 

    
 
Computer skills 

 Spreadsheet 

i) Microsoft Excel 

 Presentation 

i) Microsoft PowerPoint 

 Word Processing 

i)  Microsoft Word 

 Client server/Networking 

i)  Oracle Database Server 

 Internet Explorer 

 Outlook User 

 
Educational Qualifications                                 
 
1.      Passed P.G.D.H.R.D with 70% Distinction from                                   
         M.S.University in MAY –2011. 
2.     Passed T.Y B.A with 69.22% First Class from M.S.University in March / April –2010. 
3.     Passed H.S.C. With 76.43% from Gujarat. H.S.C Board in March – 2007. 
4.     Passed S.S.C. with 66.29.% from Gujarat. S.S.C. Board in March – 2005. 
 
Personal Details 
 

1. Date of Birth        :        13th Dec 1990 
2. Nationality           :         Indian 
3. Sex                       :         Female 
4. Language know                             :         English, Hindi & Gujarati 
5. Marital status                  :         married 
6. Address for correspondence         :        99- Jadav Park So-1 

                 Abhilasha Char Rasta 
        New Sama Road 
               Vadodara-390002 

 
 

Place: Ahmedabad                                                                                                                  (Asha Kanojiya) 

 


