












































RESUME

1 / 2, Kattabomman 4th St, Kodungaiyur, Chennai- 600118
Tamilnadu, India

Email: vidyasg12776@gmail.com
(: 9962123016/9381759087
VIDYA S G

Objective:    

Seeking a challenging career in Customer Service Delivery, which encourages learning, and creativity that provides exposure to new ideas and stimulates personal and professional growth
Current Job Profile:

Name of the Concern 


:  Reliance BPO Pvt Ltd.

  
Designation



:  Team Leader

Period




:  December 2007 till November 2011
Current Profile:
Handling team for Reliance Mutual Funds Process 

Responsiblilities 

1. Assisting the Advisors in Call Handling.

2. Providing periodical training to the Advisors on Product.

3. Handle Escalation calls.

4. Handle Customer calls during peak hours with the view of controlling the abandoned rate.

5. Keep the Advisor trained on new updates and products.

6. Monitor the calls of the Advisors and give them feedback, in view of improving the Quality of the service.

7. Prepare EOD report, Monthly reports and performance PPT.

8. Co-ordinate with Client and Back end regarding Customer issue.

9. Track the Advisor’s performance and keep them updated on their area of improvement. 

10. Handling product training for the new batch.

11. Conduct mock sessions.

Have taken initiative to maintain the Service Level >90% and Abandoned % <3% and Quality Scores more than 90%.

Achievement: Awarded for Best Performing TL Year 2008



Awarded for Best Performance by the Client for “E-Statement” project 



Awarded for Best Performing TL Year 2010


Was rated as “4” in the performance appraisal 2008-2009



Was rated as “5” in the performance appraisal 2009-2010

Previous Experience

1. Name of the Concern 


:  Aegis BPO Services Limited






   
   (An Essar Group)


    Designation




:  Team Leader

    Period




:  July 2006 – December 2007

Process Handled

Hutch (Outbound)


· Retention Team – 8 Agents

: To retain the unsatisfied customers by explaining them the reason for such happening and given them some special offers. Will retain 15 customers from reused database.

· Welcome Calling Team – 5 Agents
: Has achieved 98% connectivity, where the SL is only 80% and has initiated to collect extra informations like whether the caller is a user or subscriber, what network they were using previously and for what reason they switched to Hutch. I’ll prepare a daily report and monthly report on this excess information, which was very useful for the Client.

·  First Bill Calling Team – 5 Agents
: Has achieved 95% connectivity, where the SL is only 80%.

Achievements: Has automated all the reports required by the Client. 



 Has achieved more than 90% connectivity.

TTK Health Care Services


:  Customer Support – 14 Agents

(Inbound)

Achievements: When I took over it was 13 positions, with the help of my call flow analysis presentation, I got approval to increase two additional positions.

Brought down the AHT from 6 mins to 4 mins. Increased the Service Level from 80% to 99%.

Client selected me to attend the ISO 9001:2000 training program held in the TTK Healthcare Pvt. Ltd, Chennai and got certified.

Role in the Organization

1. Assist / Ensure CCEs to perform their responsibilities

2. Providing Product and Soft skill training to the Agents on Weekly Basis

3. Prepare Performance Report and given presentation to the Client.

4. Prepare Daily, Weekly and Monthly Report.

2.  Name of the Concern 

:  i2i Telesource India Ltd.,






   (Formerly known as i2i Enterprises Ltd.)


         Designation


:  Team Leader

         Period



:  April 2003 to July 2006

Process Headed (Inbound)
· Radio Mirchi – Inbound Call Center – 10 seater

· Tractors and Farm Equipments Ltd., (TAFE) Inbound Call Centre – 1 seater

· AMP Sanmar Life Insurance – Inbound Call Center – 5 seater

Process Headed (Outbound)
· Reliance Data Validation – 10 seater

· Standard Chartered – Mortgage loan Outbound Call Centre – 2 seater

· ICICI Web Trade Outbound Call Centre – 3 seater

· Sify – Outbound Call Centre – 1 seater

· ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Outbound Call Centre – 3 seater

· Airtel Post Paid Call Centre – 2 seater

· Airtel Add on card promotion Outbound Call Centre – 12 seater

· TATA AIG Life Insurance Outbound Call Centre –10 seater

· Cholamandalam Insurance Outbound Call Center – 1 seater

· ICICI Prudential Life Insurance – Advisor Recruitment Outbound Call Centre – 8 seater + 4 FOS

· GE Countrywide – Mortgage Loan – Outbound Call Centre – 1 seater

· ICICI Bank Ltd, Outbound Call Center – 15 seater

· Max New York Life Insurance Co. Ltd., - 8 Seater

Other Key points to My Profile:  
I have been selected as a “Star Team Leader” for ICICI Banking Project and my Team was selected as a “Star Team” for achieving target of one Crore for 6 months continuously. And Got appreciation mails from the Client and the higher officials.

My Team got the Best Performer Certificate during Airtel Addon Process from the Client.

I was selected as a Best Caller for achieving 87% customer connectivity during my Airtel Post paid activity.

Role in the Organization:

1) Assist / Ensure CCEs to perform their responsibilities.

2)     People Management,

 a) Development of Call Centre Executives 

· Assist CCEs with calls and provide on the job training 

· Provide on going communications to CCEs

· Implement corrective action procedures when required

· Provide feedback  & training recommendations

· Recognize good CCE performance & recommend reward

 b) Staffing & Scheduling

· Schedule CCEs to meet staffing requirements

· Manage & ensure schedule adherence 

· Help co-ordinate breaks, lunches and training sessions to align with expected call volumes 

3)     Business Process Support
· Support day to day work processes in the call Centre

· Provide timely assistance and intervention with problem calls

· Handle difficult callers 

4) Performance measurement

· Communication performance parameters to CCEs

· Measure individual CCEs by using the performance parameters

· Communicate performance results to CCEs

· Reinforce CCE skills with training

3. Name of the Concern


: Tass Clearance and Services

    Designation                                  

:  Office In charge

    Period




:  November 2001 to March 2003

Company Profile
:  Company Provided Shipping Service               for           various Clients

Responsibilities:

· Office Administration, Petty Cash Handling

· Interacting with Clients regarding Orders and Payments

· Interacting with Shipping companies for booking containers

· Taking care of correspondence and billing

4. Name of the Concern 


:  J.S. EXPORTS 

    Designation




:  Office In charge

    Period




:  Nov 1999 to September 2001

   Company Profile



:  Granites and Marbles 

Responsibilities:

· Office Administration, Petty Cash Handling

· Interacting with Clients regarding Orders and Payments

· Interacting with Shipping companies for booking containers

· Taking care of correspondence and billing

5. Name of the Concern 


:  Selkan Consultancy 
    Designation




:  Telecalling Executive

    Period




:  June 1997 to August 1999

   Company Profile



:  Citibank Credit Card Collection 

Responsibilities:

· Calling the customers for Payment

· Was Taking care of Bucket 1 & 2

I was selected as a Best Caller for achieving 89% collection in Bucket 2 during my Citi Back Credit Card activity in Selkan Consulting.

6. Name of the Concern 


:  ROCK aads
    Designation




:  Office In charge

    Period




:  December 1993 to June 1997

   Company Profile



:  Advertisement Agency                                                                       

Responsibilities:

· Office In charge

· Accounts 

Educational Qualification:

Master in Economics, Madurai Kamarajar University 

Pursuing MBA (Operations), ICFAI University 

Technical Qualification:

English Typewriting higher

Computer Knowledge

Ms – Excel, Ms – Word, Ms- PowerPoint

Additional Qualification

IRDA Certificate Holder (Insurance)

AMFI Certificate Holder (Mutual Fund)

NISM Certificate Holder (Mutual Fund)

Personal Profile:
Date of Birth





: 12.07.1976

Husband’s Name 




: N Subramanian

Marital Status 




: Married

Hobbies
: Gardening / Listening to Songs

Place
: Chennai

Date
:







 (S.G. VIDYA)

