












































Abhinav Gupta

CURRICULUM VITAE
Radhika Londhe

Current Address:-
House No.10,12 Main,BTM Bangalore. 
Mobile: +91-8951766657                               Email Id: radhika.londhe19@gmail.com
Objective:     To establish myself as an excellent professional by implementing my        


technical skills along with my creativity.
Educational Qualification:
	Degree/certification
	University/board
	School/collage
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	B.E. (Computer Science Engineering)
	R.G.P.V.

Bhopal
	All Saint’s College of Technology,Gandhinagar,Bhopal
	2011
	73.41%

	12th (HSC)
	M.P. Board
	Nepanagar.H.S.School Nepanaga Dist.Burhanpur (MP)
	2007
	76.66%

	10th (SSC)
	M.P. Board
	Nepanagar H.S.School Nepanagar Dist.Burhanpur (MP)
	2005
	83.00%


Technical Skills:

· Programming Languages        : C, C++ and J2SE,SERVLETS
· Tools



: EditPlus 3,Eclipse
· Databases                                : MySQL ,Oracle 10g
· Networking  


: Networking Concepts, TCP/IP, OSI Model.
Academic Projects:
	Title-    Student Assessment System

	Environment -      Java, MS Access 

	Team Size     -     3

	Description: - This Project was undertaken as an academic project which aimed at improving students’ performance.In this we calculate the total sessional marks of each student given by their faculty according to their performance including their midterm marks, attendance behavior in class and other activities.Only HOD have the authority to make any changes in any student’s database.


	Title-  Online Outdoor Patient Department:

	Environment -      JSP, Oracle 10g

	Team Size     -      2

	Description: - Main objective of our project is to develop software which not only provide all facility which a Hospital opd provide but also appoints the patients. Doctors are allotted to the patients regarding their query status, all this on just a click of button. For this purpose in our database we have some main entities like Doctors, Users,

Appointment, Departments, Query etc. Whenever any user or patient logged on this website She/he should firstly create an login id or user account through which he/she can logged in from anywhere and can ask their queries and be able to take an appointment


	Title- Instant Kit Management System

	Environment –Manual Testing.

	Role              - Prepared test cases on the IKMS application.

	Team Size     - 2

	Description.  - It is a Banking Project. The aim of the project was to prepare kits automatically for clients or customer of the bank. This project was in different modules mainly Branche, CPU, UAM.In this Branch employee request for kits to CPU,CPU take the details of customers from the Branch and verify the details then generate the physical kits and send it back to the Branches.


Training:-
· Organization         : EduRevolution Group, Bhopal.
·  Duration                : 45 day
· Topic                      : Manual Testing, Good knowledge of SDLC
Technical / Non Technical Achievements: 

· NIIT Certificate on Java,Oracle10g and Introduction to HTML.
· Participated in “National Level Quiz” event at CHIMERA’10, conducted by MANIT, Bhopal.

· Participated in “Paper Presentation” event at BLAZE’10, conducted by VNS, Bhopal.

· Participated in “Treasure Hunt” event at 'CHIMERA’10, conducted by MANIT, Bhopal.

· WON Number of prizes in various co-curricular activities like dancing, drama, debate etc in school. 

Skills: 

· Dependable and Flexible character with inexhaustible stamina for work.

· Established capability to follow procedures and guidelines
· Strength                : -   Adaptability, Trustworthy, Team-Worker, Self-Motivated.
· Area of Interest    : -   Making Cartoons, Dancing.
Personal Detail:
Name                           :-                Radhika Londhe.
Date of Birth                :-               18th May 1989.

Father’s Name             :-                Mr.Dilip Londhe.

Linguistic Abilities      :-                Hindi, English and Marathi.
Permanent Address      :-

 C/O Mr.Dilip Londhe Plot no.33, Near Padma 





 Talkies, Nepanagar Dist.Burhanpur (MP)
      Passport No. 
       :-                J8002995

 Declaration:
           I hereby declared that all the above information furnished by me is correct and true to best of my knowledge and belief.
Place:- Bangalore       

Date:-    /   /2012                                                                                 Radhika Londhe

