















































CHINTAN N LAD
At PO: Segvi Kumbharwad, Valsad, Gujarat – 396001 
Contact: +91 9426318885, 9033913667; Email: chintanlad1@gmail.com ; Date of Birth: 24th January 1988


ASPIRING FINANCE PROFESSIONAL

Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an organization of repute which recognizes my true potential while nurturing my analytical and technical skills 


SUMMARY OF SKILLS

· Qualified MBA in Finance from Shri Jairambhai Patel Institute of Business Management and Computer Applications, Gandhinagar; accented with latest trends and techniques of the field, determined to carve a successful and satisfying career in the industry
· Knowledge of Formulation and Implementation of the Accounting Policies/ Procedures, Accounting Standards and Principles, Cost Estimation, Balance Sheet Analysis, Ratio Analysis, Profitability Estimates and Economic Indicators.

· Worked on projects like ‘A Study on Asset Liability Management in Indian Banks: Comparison of Public vs. Private Banks, A Study of Working Capital Management, A Study of Mutual Fund (Equity Scheme) & A General Project Report as a part of Academic Curriculum.
· Conceptually strong with an innovative and analytical approach to the work with an eye for detail with the ability to learn new concepts & technology within a short span of time.

· Good communication skills, verbal as well as written coupled with good presentation skills with the ability to perform well.



EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS

MBA (Finance), 2011 with 62.50%
Shri Jairambhai Patel Institute of Business Management and Computer Applications, Gandhinagar 
BBA (Finance), 2008 with 55.55%
ROFEL College, Vapi 
Higher Secondary, 2005 with 74.67%
Sett RJJ High School, Valsad 
Senior Secondary, 2003 with 56.43%
Sett RJJ High School, Valsad 

Technical Skills

MS Office, Tally 7.2

Project Undertaken

	Title
	 A Study on Asset Liability Management in Indian Banks: Comparison of Public vs. Private Banks

	Team Size
	 2 members

	Duration
	 6 months


	Title
	 A Study of Working Capital

	Organization
	The Surat District Co-operative Bank Ltd.

	Duration
	5th June’10 – 21st July’10


	Title
	 A Study of Mutual Fund (Equity Scheme)

	Organization
	Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., Valsad

	Duration
	January’08 – March’08


	Title
	 A General Project Report

	Organization
	Kabra Extusiontechnik Ltd., Kachigam, Daman

	Duration
	May’07 – June’07




Work Experience 
· Company: 
  Manappuram Finance Ltd
Designation:  Junior Assistant 
Duration: 
  June 2011 to Present 


Extra Curricular Activities

· Actively participated AD MAD Show on Convegno 2010 (A National Level Management Meet) & also gave a presentation there.

· Active member of the coordinating team of AROHAN-2010 (A National Level Management Meet), held at Shri Jairambhai Patel Institute of Business Management and Computer Applications (NICM), Gandhinagar.

· Participated in All India Cooperative Week Celebration & Rangoli competition held at College.

References: Available on request
Location: Valsad










             Chintan N Lad
