












































RUBI BURMAN

RUBI BURMAN


    Email: burmanrubi@gmail.com

                                                                        Mobile: +91 9958223699

Objective

Looking for an organization where my acquired skills and creativity will be utilized as  well as nurtured to excellence, thrives myself as a team player and share knowledge for the benefit of  the organization as well as  myself towards the continuous growth and advancement.

Current Experience

Organization
:
NARNOLIA SECURITIES Pvt. Ltd., Delhi


A Regional partner of MOTILAL OSWAL SECURITIES Ltd.
Department 
:Research Department

Duration
:January 2011 to till Date

Designation
:Finance Analysis 


Role
: Conducting business research activities such as company/industry information searches.

    Analyzing financial and operating information relating to companies and industries.


     To analyze the  balance sheet & cost management, variance analysis, P&L,etc of the company which are listed in the NSE & BSE Stock Exchange.   

Proffessional Details

· MBA  in Finance specialization from Institute of International Business &  Research  in Pune. 2011 pass out ( 62.2%).
· Bachelor of Science in botany     (62%)                                               

· 10+2th  West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary (63.5%)

· 10th West Bengal Council of secondary broad (78.8%)

.
SUMMER JOB :
I did my summer job from Steel Authority of India in Kolkata on june to july , 2010. The project topic is 'Analysis of  Credit policy" . I had studied of credit policy & minimized the risk of the company .

Computer Knowledge

· Applications


: MS Word, MS Power Point, MS Excel , Tally 9.2

 Extra Curricular Activity
· Won prizes in Science Talent Examination organized by West Bengal government
· Organiser member of PUNE EXPO 2009

· Active member of Adwaita Mulla Burman Cultural and Educational Society. .

· I have completed 3rd year classical music & Rabindra  Sangeet

Traits

Positive Attitude,  Goal Oriented, Adaptable, Good team worker, Quick Learner.

Personal Details

Date of birth

: 11 Nov. 1982

Sex


: Female

Nationality

: Indian

Martial Status
: Married

Languages Known
:  English, Hindi , Bengali

Permanent Address
: 95C, Udaygiri-I ,Noida 

: Sector 34 , UP-201301

