













































YATIN BABULAL N


Curriculum Vitae  
  

Vidyarani N                                                                                     

#04, 2nd Main, 4th Cross,                                                                    

Rukmini Nagar, Nagasandra,                                                              Mobile: +91 7090201042                                

Bangalore-560073                                                                               E-mail: vidyaraniclk@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                

 

  

CAREER OBJECTIVE  

  

My professional objective is to constantly update my knowledge and functional skills at every phase 

in my career by learning new things quickly; I want to add value to myself and organization by 

applying my skills and knowledge.  

 

ORGANISATIONAL SCAN 

 

ABB Global Industries and Services Limited                                                          Mar’ 2016 – Present 

  

• Preparing and Posting of Journal Voucher. It includes Adhoc journals and as well as scheduled 

journals.  

• Reconciling the Adhoc journals and correction.  

• Balance Sheet Reconciliation. This includes from level 1 group account reconciliations to level 

3 group account reconciliations.  

• Accruals preparation and posting.  

• Intercompany Reconciliation and Reporting: From submission of Intercompany statement to 

confirmation of statement. And tackle the issues on aged open lines. And reporting the same 

intercompany balances in Hyperion.  

• Month end ABACUS reporting of financials & non-financials in Hyperion.   

• Sub – Ledger books Reconciliation – Which includes the Customer and vendor books and 

fixed accounts and Inventory books.  

• Recurring entry setup and execution.  

• Taking call with clients on priority to tackle the small issues.  

• Handling End to End Accounting and Reporting during Month End.  

 

SCHOLASTICS 

 

Course/Degree Institution 
Aggregate in 

(%) 

Year of 

Completion 

Master of Business 

Administration (Finance) 
Sai Vidya Institute of Technology 63.95 2015 

Bachelor in Business 

Management  
H.P.P.C. GOVT. First grade college 55.53 2013 

Pre-university  Govt. PU College 44 2010 

SSLC SriSomalingeswara HighSchool 69.44 2007 

 

mailto:vidyaraniclk@gmail.com


 TECHNICAL SKILLS 

                                                        

• SAP (FICO) 

• Oracle Smart view (Hyperion) 

• Trintech (ARIES) 

• MDM (JV Portal) 

• Microsoft Office 

 

COMPETENCIES 

  

 Good team player with analytical skill.  

 Ability to resolve client queries, Problem Solving and handling escalations  

 Team management including coaching fresher’s, sharing knowledge and providing inputs for 

process improvement  

 Accountable and positive approach towards goals  

 Focus on handling additional activities and strive hard to achieve excellence  

 Optimist and Adaptive  

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

Father Name                : Nagaraja H   

Date of Birth                : 09-May-1992   

Language known          : Kannada, English and Telugu   

Permanent Address       : D/O Nagaraja H  

                             #76, Somaguddu, Somaguddu (Post),   

                             Challakere (T), Chitradurga (D)    

Sex                                : Female   

Marital Status                : Single  

Hobbies                         : Playing indoor games 

 

DECLARATION 

 

     I here by the above information furnished by me are true, Correct and complete, to the best of my 

knowledge and belief.  

                  

                             

Date:                     (Vidyarani)  

Place: Bangalore  

  


