Experience
****-******* *******/ ********** *** High School
Huntsville, AL
. Lead the inaugural "Digital Electronics" and "Robotics" engineering
programs
. Engineering, AP Physics, Physics, Robotics teacher, Webmaster/IT support
for High School website
. Covered topics such as CAD, FPGAs, Microcontrollers, electronics,
communication technology development, data processing and
instrumentation, and electronic circuit design, testing, and development
using Multisim Circuit Design Software
. Wrote, applied, and was awarded over $20,000 worth of grants, including
one from NASA, SAIC, Raytheon, Air Force Association, and AUVSI

2011-Present Civil Air Patrol
Huntsville, AL
. 2nd Lt with the Air Force Auxiliary Civil Air Patrol
. As Information Technology Assistant Officer, I design and maintain our
squadron's web page (webmaster) in accordance with AF and CAP protocol.
. As Aerospace Education Officer, I develop and utilize aerospace
educational tools and technologies, such as Satellite and Orbiter
simulation software, to advance the Aerospace mission of CAP
. Extensive leadership, search and rescue, and emergency services/FEMA
training

2011-2012 Teacher Bob Jones High School
Madison, AL
. Physical Science and Physics Teacher and Technology Committee member

2007-2011 Teacher Great Mills High School
Great Mills, MD
. Certified to teach physics, engineering, computers, chemistry, and
mathematics. 4 years experience in physics and 1 year experience with
engineering and earned an Advance Professional Certificate
. Led the inaugural year of the new STEM Engineering Program
. Effectively work with faculty and staff engaged in using educational
technology and instructional electronics and facilitated collaboration
with various departments (such as math and engineering)

. Developed professional development material to present and promote
instructional technologies

. Worked on Unmanned Aerial Systems development, testing, evaluation, and
competitions

. Designed and built a flight simulator under the guidance of Manned Flight
Systems (Pax River)

2007- 2011 Director and Instructor Virginia Space Flight Academy
Wallops Island, VA
. Exposed to sounding rocket development, research, and testing at NASA
Wallops Flight Facility
. As an instructor, I taught robotics, rocketry, aeronautics, astronomy,
and robot modeling/simulation

. Responsible for managing operations, budgeting, employment, training and
support, instruction development, communications, advertisement, and
rules, regulations, and policy development

. Developed educational computer games, a flight simulator, and trained
students on orbital mechanics, flight dynamics, and space shuttle systems
for entertainment and learning enhancement

. Developed advertising and marketing strategies to promote VA Space Flight
Academy

. Managed IT staff to maintain proper computer lab operation and enhance
web page design

. As a Pyrotechnics Ground Crew Coordinator, duties included organizing,
operating, and overseeing the safe operation and coordination of high-end
pyrotechnics display and fireworks at local events

2011 College Adjunct Professor College of Southern Maryland
Leonardtown, MD
. Teach Quantum Mechanics and Modern Physics
. Effectively used instructional technologies used in distance learning,
classroom instructional technologies, and web-based instruction

2010-2011 Operations Manager NASA MSFC
Huntsville, AL
. As project team lead and robotics engineer and researcher, I lead
engineers to develop a Distributed Swarming Robotic System. Managed
multiple tasks and changing demands with minimal supervision

. Used location and navigation methods and algorithms, microcontrollers,
embedded systems, electronics installation and modification, software
development, computer programming, robot modeling and simulation, and
scientific equipment to coordinate the actions of multiple robots to
perform a desired task and develop an autonomous ability. Developed
technical data reports.

. Experience with using the MarcBot robot: an Army, tele-operated, semi-
autonomous unmanned ground vehicle (UGV). Researched replacing a Field
Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) board on it.

. Promoted to Logistics and Operations Manager where I led the inaugural
year and oversaw the day to day operations of the of the NASA Aeronautics
Academy based out of Glenn Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio. I
maintained reports, managed several teams of intern engineers, managed
the logistics and operations of the academy, performed NASA webpage
development, and served as an IT technician managing computers and
hardware for presentation and lecture technologies.

2005-2006 Optics Research Lab Technician Pax River Naval Base
Patuxent River, MD
. Performed research for Navy/NAVAIR and St Mary's College by designing a
magneto-optics trap used for cold atom trapping to enhance research in
GPS, navigations, and gyroscopic technologies.

. Developed and tested specialized circuit boards, controls, sensors, and
electronics to modify a laser and other optical equipment.

2001- 2002 Computer Analyst SEAP Patuxent
River, MD
. Performed computer and lab maintenance for VH presidential helicopter
team

. I explored and researched software and electronic systems on the VH
presidential helicopter.

Education
2011 - Present George Brown College
___ Toronto, Canada
. Robotics Technician Certificate (May 2013)

2010 - Present Capitol College
Laurel, MD
. MS in Computer Science GPA 3.8 (May 2013)

2007-2010 College of Southern Maryland
Leonardtown, MD
. AS in Engineering. GPA 3.8

2002-2007 St. Mary's College of Maryland St.
Mary's City, MD
. BA in Physics and MA in Teaching. GPA 3.0 and 3.4 and enough credits for
a minors in Mathematics

2001 US Navy Test Pilot School
Patuxent River, MD
. Aeronautics course and flight simulator training

Hobbies
. Cell phone and Computer Repair . Taekwondo . Motorcycle and
Automotive Repair
. 1 year experience as IT technician for audio and video hardware and
software for church services

Certificates, Achievements, Skills
. Eagle Scout . Fluent Spanish and Learning Russian .
Certified Locksmith
. CDL License . NASA Student Ambassador . SCUBA
Certified
. AOPA member . Von Braun Astronomical Society Member
. Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International Member . Ham
radio Technician Certified
. Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc) Highly Proficient
. Experience with Java, C++, C#, Labview, Visual Basic, Matlab, CAD
(Solidworks/AutoCAD), SQL, HTML, Adobe, Dreamweaver, Word Press, Web Baker,
Cisco Webex, Fortran, and more
. 10+ years experience with robotics mechanical and electronic systems
testing, production, wiring, and installation
Contact this candidate