Jorge R. Rivera-Hurtado
***** *. ****** ***
Southfield, Michigan 48034
Phone: 248-***-****
Email: ac5d9e@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position related to Manufacturing Automation and Robotics, to work for a company that will challenge me to continue learning and bettering myself both in my knowledge of robotics and my interpersonal skills with my colleagues.
QUALIFICATIONS
I am experienced in the programming, repair, and/or maintenance of the following systems:
Robots
FANUC RJ2, RJ3, RJ3iB, R30iA R30iB and R30iB+ mechanical models
oSoftware
HandlingTool
SpotTool
ArcTool
ROBOGUIDE
SIMpro
HandlingPro
Robot neighborhood
iRVision
OLPCpro
FANUC Ladder III
PMC
DiagnosticPro
ABB S4c+ and IRC5 models
oSoftware
Robot Studio Online
NACHI - AW and AX models

VFD Drives:
Power Flex 70, 700 and 700s
Allen-Bradley 1600 series

Vision systems:
Programming of ISRA
Perceptron Equipment
FANUC Vision 2D, 3DL, 3D Multiview and Tri-view

I am also experienced in the programming, of the following systems:
PLC Controllers:
MicroLogiX 1500
PLC-5
SLC-500
Control-Logix 5000
Guard Logix

ATI Tool Changers

Welding equipment
Medar 3000
WTC-5000
BOSCH
Square-D
Spatz
This experience, along with my interpersonal skills, eagerness to work in a diverse setting, bilingualism, and motivation to continue bettering myself will give me the opportunity to excel in this position.

EDUCATION
2001-2004 Robotic Technology, Oakland Community College, Rochester Hills, MI.
Associate in Science (A.S.) Degree focusing on FANUC robot programming (RC, RJ PPP, RF KAREL), PLC programming ladder logic, MicroLogiX 1500, PLC-5 debug, SLC-500, RS-Logix and Control-Logix 5000
1994-1996 Electronics Technology, CONALEP, Mexico
Microelectronic maintenance, computer maintenance and programming of main boards, AC/DC applications
1990-1994 Cultural Institute 20 de Noviembre, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico (High school equivalent)

EMPLOYMENT
2013 – Present Senior Robotics Instructor and Training Analyst, FANUC AMERICA
Development and delivery of robotics training classes and troubleshooting job aid materials. I deliver classes mainly to skilled tradesmen whose responsibilities are to program, maintain and repair robotic systems. My main responsibilities are to deliver well-structured programming class packages. In these classes the students will develop the needed skills to troubleshoot factory robotic equipment, programming operations and repair the found issues in a timely manner. Other responsibilities include the development of plant specific job aids, development of training student manuals, development of structured class packages for customers which are tailored to their specific needs, the upkeep of the training robotic safety systems, and development of the preventive maintenance of FANUC’s training equipment program. I also assist our supervisor in the management of our robotics training lab and weekly scheduling of more than twenty robotics instructors.

2011 – 2013 Robotic Systems Service Manager, R&E Automated (IPS)
As a service manager my duties included manpower scheduling, inventory and purchasing of spare parts, preventive maintenance scheduling for our client’s equipment, robot maintenance and repair activities, customer specific job aid procedures development, and training of skilled trades personnel. I followed World Class Manufacturing procedures and the implementation of lean manufacturing guidelines.
2010 – 2011 Body Shop Maintenance Supervisor, Chrysler LLC
As BIW maintenance supervisor my duties included manpower scheduling, inventory of spare parts, purchasing and the scheduling of preventive maintenance, robot maintenance and repair, job aid procedures development, and training of skilled trades personnel. I followed World Class Manufacturing procedures and the implementation of lean manufacturing guidelines.

2004 –2010 Senior Robotics Instructor and Training Analyst, Chrysler LLC (FCA)
Contracted by RWD Technologies to develop robotic training classes and troubleshoot job aid materials. I delivered classes to skilled trade personnel whose responsibilities were to program, maintain and repair robotic systems. My main responsibilities were to develop a well structured class package where the student could develop the needed skills to troubleshoot daily robotic operations and fix the issue in a timely manner. Other responsibilities included development of plant specific job aids, one-point lesson plans and pocket guides, provide skilled trade launch support whenever a new product was launched, and assisting the engineering department to a more lean production.

2001-2004 Technician, CellNet Communications
Programmed cell phones, HAM radio, short wave radio, and VHF radio systems to customers’ needs (personals and fleets) from micro-soldering to 12v auto application electronics repair. I am experienced in installing and programming navigation systems, and hands free Bluetooth equipment. I am a Motorola and Nokia certified technician. I started as an installer then I moved on to being in charge of my own technician’s room at a Southfield location.
2000-2001 Quality Control, Tennant
Quality certified inspector for industrial cleaning equipment. Followed factory specs. Certified in ISO-9000. Used numerous electric and pneumatic tools. I assembled everything from hand held vacuums to ride-on gasoline parking lot cleaners. As a team leader, I kept production as expected and on time.

1999-2000 On-Star GM Mirror Assembler, Donnelly Corporation
I repaired and tested On-Star self-dimming electronic lighted mirrors. As a machine operator technician, I assembled mirrors using pneumatic PLC driven machines, diverse tools, safety equipment, and highly advanced test equipment.

REFERENCES

Mike Terry Instructor/Project Manager R&E automated systems
(248) 863 - 6539
Steve Parker LEONI
248-***-****
Steve Kotowski Automation Installation and Sales Manager – US Machine Tool
586-***-****
Contact this candidate