REJISH THOMAS

Thalikulam House
PO cherpu west
Thrissur,Kerala,680561
Mob #: 91-938*-******
Email: actpu1@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE SUMMARY

* ***** ******* ********** ** manufacturing and industrial automation out of which
4 years as Robotics programmer
Currently Robotics Engineer at Comau India Pvt Ltd
Expert in Fanuc and Kawasaki robots. Hands on experience with Kuka and Comau robots
Expert in robotics spot welding, robotic stud welding, robotic material handling, robotic plasma cutting, robotic sealing and robotic thermal coating applications.
Well conversant with Ford, Maruti Suzuki and Tata programming standards.
Managed the installation and commissioning of Y9T project of Maruti Suzuki which involved a total of 53 robots.
3 years experience in mechanical / Machining jobs/1year CNC Turning center programmer.
6 months electrical service experience in plasma cutting systems.
Team player, quick learner with good communication, interpersonal and time management skills, highly organized with attention to details.

EDUCATION
2006
ITI machinist ( 2 years) 76%
(2006 state level first Kerala)
Industrial Training Institute NCVT certificate

Doing
Diploma in mechanical engineering
Karnataka university

2015
Kawasaki Robot Programming
Kawasaki india
2007
Kuka basic programming
Kuka college pune
2007
Kuka advanced programming
Kuka college pune
2003
Auto cad
St marys ITC, thrissur
2007
CNC programming
SISI / govt of india
2006
Electrician ( 6 MONTHS)
Poly Technical College/ tripryar

SKILLS
Master CAM
CNC Programming
LMV Driving

ACHIEVEMENTS
I received Best Craftsman Award (State First In machinist Trade) from Kerala Government in year of 2006.
GOT AWARD the best Performance employee at COMAU IND.PVT.LTD.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of Birth : October 19, 1984, age 31
Place of Birth : Thrissur, Kerala,INDIA
Sex : Male
Civil Status : Single
Religion : Christian RC
Languages :English,Malayalam,Hindi,Arabic.
Passport No : N6832283

WORK EXPERIENCES
Presently group leader robotics at comau india from august 2013
Leading robotics team for installing BIW robotics cells.
Done projects YL1 Door line, YV4/YR9 Rear underbody, Y9T Truck main line and sub assemblies ( door, frond floor, roof, side body LH/RH, cab back _ 53 fanuc robots)
Handling projects of Maruti Suzuki, gurgoan/manaser.
involved in adding 22 new Kawasaki robots. Project name : B515( EcoSport ) extension, at Ford Chennai
involved in TATA shutdown project (94 robots) for addition of OSPREY model
From oct 2012 to august 2013 as group leader Robotics .with M/s Brunel India Pvt. Ltd. / Client of - Areva Solar India Pvt. Ltd.
Group leader of robotics production section Brunel India Pvt Ltd.( Comau C5G nj290 controller acc3, using for mounding 3*2m mirrors on reflector )
Knowledge of COMAU robotics pdl2 language.
Knowledge of reflector production areva India.
Worked as a Robotics engineer trainee from march 2012 to October 2012 at
Plazma technologies (Pvt.) Ltd, Pune India
A team member of robotics Installation and commissioning of plasma cutting Robotics system
Motion Programming of Fanuc and Kuka robotics.
Setup of robot / mastering, TCP, interfacing,
Attending service call of robotics Plazma system.
Knowledge of plazma cutting machine.
WORKED AS A supervisor from 2010 JANUARY to 2012 Feb.
AL-OUTHAH INDUSTRIES LTD. SAKAKA SAUDI ARABAIA.
supervisor production section.
A team of 20 technician.
From August 2007 to 2 January 2010
Koso Fluid Controls (Pvt.) Ltd Palakkad, Kerala,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Nihon Koso Co. Ltd. Japan,
Robotics Operator. KR30. (kuka)
Held robotics training.
Experience in teach pentene programming and moderations.
Designing Masks fixture for coating

From February 2007 to June 2007 Simon Industries,Maharashtra, as CNC Operator

Cnc turning centre programmer

From August 2006 to February 2007
Sun Max Technical Ltd, Kerala Manufacturing of molding dies as Machinist

Lathe machine operating.
Operated drilling, milling and general machines.

PROJECTS DONE
Title : YL1/Door line –spot welding and sealant 24 robots
Client : Maruti Suzuki, Delhi
Duration of project : 2 months
Technology Used : Fanuc 2000iB robot,R-30iA controller, communication Device net
Role & Responsibilities
Teaching of welding and sealant robots
Weld parameter setup in timer controller

Title : YAD /Door line –spot welding, sealant and handling12robots
Client : Maruti Suzuki, Delhi
Duration of project : 2 months
Technology Used : Fanuc 2000iB robot,R-30iA controller, communication Device net
Role & Responsibilities
Teaching of welding and material handling robots
IO configuration and mapping of Fanuc robot
Communication with Mitsuibishi PLC, Nadexo weld controller, SMC gripper module
Setup of servo spot gun

Title : Y9T / complete BIW line(mini truck) 53 robots,Framing station
Client : Maruti Suzuki, Delhi
Duration of project : 1 year
Technology Used : R-30iA controller, Tool changer, communication Device net
Role & Responsibilities
Leading robotic team
Managing manpower
Spot redistribution for quality purpose, Cycle time achieving
Fine tuning of Framing Docking and Toy tabbing programs
Fixture Modification Path modification and variant addition
Production support

Title : YBA / Body complete Respot line New model addition, 30 Robots
Client : Maruti Suzuki, Delhi
Duration of project : 2 months
Technology Used : R-30iA controller, communication Device net
Role & Responsibilities
Teaching and Zoning of spot welding robots
Program Optimization for achieving cycle time
Site support for production

Title : B515/ Expansion of line by adding robots for cycle time reduction
Client : Ford India
Duration of project : 4 months
Technology Used : Kawasaki Robot BX2000,Ethernet communication, 42 Robots
Role & Responsibilities
Teaching of welding and material handling robots
Setup of,Spot welding and material handling Robots
Spot redistribution of existing robots
K-logic modification
Auto trail taking after implementing logic

Title : osprey/Model addition existing line,body side and Body complete
Client : TATA Motors,India
Duration of project : 3 months
Technology Used : 94 KUKA robot, KRC2, INTERBUS communication
Role & Responsibilities
Teaching of welding and material handling robots
Leading of Body complete framing station
Path modification after fixture modification, production support
New model teaching

PRESANTLY DOING
complete BIW welding line for new model jeep for FIAT India, including 140 new COMAU C5G robots, Communicating Protocol ETHERNET

I hereby affirm that the foregoing data/information are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

REJISH THOMAS
Contact this candidate