Roberto Angelo Martello
** ***** *** – married – Brazilian
Guarulhos, SP, Brazil - Zip Code: 07190-050.
+55-11-244*-**** (res) / +55-11-989**-**** (cell). acxwio@r.postjobfree.com.
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE:
Carrier of 14 years working in expressive industries,
Condecorated with 3 Best Projects of the Month and 1 Best of the Year Gold Lean awards in DuPont,
Responsible for elaboration and presentation of Projects Technical Data, Budget and Capex for company’s Global Team,
Member of Automation and Robotics Application DuPont / Axalta Global Team,
Team Leader in Automation Projects Installations and Robotics Operations / Maintenance,
Deep knowledge and particles in instruments, pneumatics, robotics and automation. IDIOMS
Portuguese: Mother tongue, English: fluent,
Spanish: intermediate, German: intermediate.
GRADUATION
Bachelor Degree Automation and Control Engineer - Faculdade Eniac (Eniac College).
Mechatronics Technologist - Faculdade Eniac (Eniac College).
Electronics Technician - Colégio Elite (Elite High School). PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Du Pont/ Axalta – Coating Systems. (Nov. 2013 – Feb. 2016). Department: Research and Development Laboratory.
Title: Technical and Automation Services Representative. Responsibilities: CAPAS (South America Paint application Center) Project development on automation, robotics, layout, technical specification, work flow, professional profiles and quotations,
CAPAS work flow management, improvements, uses and maintenance procedures development,
Development of standard paint application, software and application procedures,
Setup and programming of Liman, Sames, Dürr and Fanuc automotive painting robots. Du Pont – Du Pont Performance Coatings. (Nov. 2011 – Nov. 2013). Department: Project Engineering.
Title: Automation Technician.
Responsibilities: Development of Software, interlock and logic diagrams on Ladder, Block, C++ and Visual Basic in Allen Bradley's PLCs,
Field Instrumentation Wiring Diagrams, Electric, P&IDs and I/O list review,
Automation and Instrument Assembling Team Coordinator,
Development of Safety diagrams interlock and PFD calculation for automation projects. Du Pont – Du Pont Performance Coatings. (Nov. 2007 – Dec. 2011). Department: Instrument and Automation Shop.
Title: Instrument Technician.
Responsibilities: Maintenance on paint application machines and robots, industrial PLCs and electronic devices,
Calibration and adjustments on process instruments such as, Manometers, level, temperature, humidity, flow and pressure switches, transmitters, thermo sensors K,J and PT100, capacitive, inductive, optics sensors and instruments for resin, ink milling and automotive production.
Magnum – Grupo Magnum Serviços Empresariais. (Dec. 2006 – Nov. 2007). Department: Instrument and Automation Shop (DuPont Site). Title: Instrument Technician.
Responsibilities: Calibration and adjustments on process instruments,
Manometers, level, temperature, humidity, flow and pressure switches, transmitters, thermo sensors K,J and PT100, capacitive, inductive, optics sensors and instruments for resin, ink milling and automotive production.
Navarro – Oficina Técnica de Balanças Navarro LTDA. (Dec. 2005 – Oct. 2006). Department: Laboratorial (internal) and technical assistance. Title: Electronics Technician.
Responsibilities: Maintenance, installation and RBC Calibration (Brazilian Calibration Certification) in laboratory, industrial and market scales (Toledo, Mettler-Toledo. Ohaus, Tamtron, Bextra, Navarro, Gehaka, Filizola, Marte, Shimadzu, etc.). INFORMATICS SKILLS
Graphics Development: Elipse SCADA, Solid Works, Sketchup and Auto CAD.
MS Software: Office Package + Visio and MS Project.
PLC Programmers: RSLinx, RSLogix5, 500, 5000, Panel Builder, FT Batch, FT View and Control Builder.
IC Programmers and Electronic Circuit Developers: SimulIDE, Arduíno, Circuit Wizard, EWB, Power PCB and Power Logic.
Robotics: PaintPro + PaintTool (Fanuc), Easy2Paint (Sames), Shop Floor Editor + RobotStudio (ABB), CNC Simulator Pro + Pegasus (Amatrol) and LARSoft (Liman). EXTRA COUSES
Maintenance and operations for Liman robots,
CLP Allen Bradley SLC 500 Family,
Calibration and maintenance of electronic Welmy balances,
Quality Systems, Gero-ISO 9002,
Weight and Metrology Principles Knwaagen.
INTERNATIONAL EXPERIENCES
Responsible for parameters, programming and paint application tests of Fanuc P500 robots with R30iB Controller in Fanuc Auburn Hills MI/USA for a partnership between Axalta, GM and Fanuc (Ago. 2015),
Teach Pendant programmer of ABB IRB 5500 Robots with IRC5P Controllers in VW Autoeuropa Portugal for a partnership between Dürr and Volkswagen (Sep. 2016). Roberto Angelo Martello
Contact this candidate