Weilin Ma
Robotics Engineer with a strong background in mechanical engineering and a variety of robotics related skills including robotic system integration, mechanical design, control system modeling and software engineering. Experienced in industrial robot programming. Employment History
Cobot Engineer Feb 2019 — Feb 2020
Fusion OEM Burr Ridge, IL
● In charge of industrial collaborative robots (Universal Robots) programming and maintenance, and robotics software package development.
● Performed duties including mechanical design, prototyping, testing and material sourcing for various robot related projects.
Robotics Engineer Intern Jul 2018 — Oct 2018
Venture 3 Systems LLC / Telikin Computers Hatfield, PA
● Led the research of Assistive Robotic Arm project, including mechanical design, CAM, electrical design, and software control.
● Performed prototyping duties including CNC, 3D printing, assembly, and control testing. Education
Master of Science in Robotics Sep 2017 — Dec 2018
Northwestern University Evanston, IL
● Coursework in ROS, Robot Design, Mechatronics, Robotic Manipulation, Machine Dynamics, Robotic Embedded Systems, Perception and Machine Learning.
● Independent research projects. (refer to Projects and Portfolio for details) Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Aug 2013 — May 2017 Pennsylvania State University State College, PA
● Course work and topics on Solidworks, MATLAB, Machine Design and Prototyping. Projects
Automatic Whisker Pulling Machine with Speed Control and UI Apr 2018 — Dec 2018 Mechanical Design, Motor Control and System Modelling As a member of a group of graduate students working on a project that “seal whiskers” will be automatically drawn from a plastic filament through a heated pipe in an oven.
● Independently worked on the design, manufacturing and prototyping of the machine.
● Analyzed and modeled the pulling gripper’s motion with varying-speed profiles. Robotic Smart Rotary Actuator with Absolute Position Control Jan 2018 — Jun 2018 Mechanical Design and Manufacturing
As a team of seven, designed and built a rotary actuator with absolute position control.
● Completed CAD, machining and assembly of all mechanical and electrical components.
● Performed stress and heat analysis and tested the electrical communication. Two-wheeled Self-balancing Robot using Arduino Uno Jan 2018 — Apr 2018 Feedback Control System & Microcontroller Programming Built a two-wheeled self-balancing robot with Arduino Uno, 6-axis IMU and Hall effect encoder.
● Developed the a Linear-Quadratic Regulation (LQR) controller using Wolfram Mathematica.
● Programmed the Arduino Uno microcontroller with sensors and LQR controller. Bottle Grabbing Actuation with Rethink Robotics' Sawyer Robot Arm Nov 2017 — Dec 2017 Robotic Manipulation using Robot Operating System (ROS) Collaborated with a group of five to control a 7-DOF industrial robot arm, to grab a coke bottle on the nearby table using the built-in wrist camera and AR tag.
● Constructed a way-point path in ROS Gazebo for precise approach to the bottle.
● Programmed functions for robot gripper manipulation to complete the task after robot moving to target position.
Info
814-***-****
kanso8341will@
gmail.com
Portfolio
kansow.github.io
Skills
Solidworks
Universal Robot
Autodesk
Inventor
RoboDK
Python
ROS
Linux
Bash
MATLAB
Fusion 360
Arduino
3D Printing
C Language
Java
Mathematica
Autodesk Eagle
Android Studio
Languages
English
Chinese
Mandarin
German
Japanese
Contact this candidate