Scott R. Jackson
** ***** ******** ***.
Mundelein, IL 60060
Tel: 773-***-****
add2eq@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Experienced robotics integrator seeking a position within a company where I can fully utilize my over ten years of industrial robotics experience to effectively develop automation processes for end users, and continue to develop new processes and technology.

EXPERIENCE
Devlinks Automation, Arlington Heights, IL 2010 – Current
Lead Robotics Integrator
●Robot Programming: Expert familiarity with FANUC products and services. Programming experience in both TPP and KAREL languages. Online and offline programming using FANUC Roboguide simulation software. Knowledge of most advanced FANUC options, including, but not limited to: iRVision, PickTool, DCS, PMC Ladder, Mixed Logic
●Machine Vision: FANUC iRVision, COGNEX InSight, Keyence CVX
●Project Management: Responsible for coordinating resources on active and upcoming robot projects. Introduced a six phase development documentation process for all robotics projects that streamlined engineering and integration while reducing mistakes and oversight. Managing records for robot inventory and tracking warranty assets out in the field.
●Design: Provide concepts and feasibility studies for pre-sales, sales and engineering purposes using Roboguide software. Develop end-of-arm tool designs using Solidworks software. Calculate mass and moments of inertia of tooling designs to meet robot specifications per warranty criteria. Design and implement safety systems in accordance with ANSI, ISO, RIA and NFPA specifications.
●Field Service: Responsible for local and long distance installations, warranty repairs and service calls.
●Laser Safety Officer (LSO), CNC Programming

DVRupgrade, Chicago, IL 2008 – 2010
Manager of Logistics
●Processed and shipped orders daily.
●Maintained inventory of products.
●Performed warranty and non-warranty repairs on DVRs and hard drives.

eDOC Communications, Mt. Prospect, IL 2006 – 2008
Lead Digital Technician
●Operate and maintain high-speed digital printing presses.
●Perform minor repairs and routine maintenance.
●Pre-press work on digital files.

Northwest Mailing Services, Chicago, IL 2005 – 2006
Assistant Production Scheduler
●Scheduled production equipment to meet demanding deadlines.
●Resolved scheduling conflicts and production issues.
●Coordinated communication and work between account representatives and production team

CopyCat of Evanston, Evanston, IL 2000 – 2005
Production Manager
●Managed staff of four to five employees. Coordinated production flow and schedule. Maintained printing and bindery equipment. Maintained computer and network assets. Accomplishments include 40% reduction in trackable waste, successfully negotiating competitive rates on maintenance contracts and equipment leases.

EDUCATION
New Trier High School, Winnetka, IL Graduated 1997

Columbia College, Chicago, IL, 1997- 2000

HOBBIES & INTERESTS
●3D Printing
●Arduino Robotics
●ARM/Raspberry Pi programming
●Android programming (Java)
●Motorcycle Maintenance
●Woodworking

MEDIA
Kleyman, Bill “I, Data Center: An Interview with A Robotics Professional” Data Center Knowledge, Dec. 2013 https://tinyurl.com/ycnkosmv
Zawislack, Mick “3D Printer Enthusiasts in the Suburbs Unite to Produce Face Shields and Masks”
Daily Herald, April 21, 2020 https://tinyurl.com/ydy976cg

VOLUNTEER WORK
Misericordia, Chicago, IL: SIBS organization board member & volunteer 1999 – Current
NIL-Makers, Lake Couinty, IL: Founding member and organizer 2020 - Current
The Cre8ory, Grayslake, IL: Organizer 2019 - Current
Contact this candidate