E X P E R I E N C E
S é b a s t i e n T H O M A S
M e c h a n i c a l & S i m u l a t i o n e n g i n e e r F A B L A B C o - f o u n d e r a n d m a n a g e r adhfzo@r.postjobfree.com
+84-092******
Born in Quimper, France
Date of birth 16/08/1978
Married, 2 children
5/3 street 25 Tran Nao,
Binh An ward, District 2, HCMC
Vietnam
L A N G U A G E S
Simulation software’s
(Matlab, Ansys, Solidworks,
Fusion 360…)
Robotics,
Arduino, Esp processors,
3d Printing
Sports:
running,
badminton,
Skiing, trekking
I N T E R E S T S
Engineering section manager
AREVA Nuclear Plant, La Défense, Paris 2013 – 2015 Manager of the Reactor Pressure Vessel Internals equipment group (15 engineers/designers). Team in charge of the design and calculation of the reactor pressure vessel internal equipments for French parc and export market. Main activities:
Design and calculation for new reactors projects (EPR, ATMEA).
Fabrication follow-up of the equipments, commissioning support.
Team management, Professional development of the team Founder and director of l’Atelier Fablab
Atelier Fablab, Beijing, China 2016 - 2019
Founder of Beijing Atelier Fablab, a center dedicated to innovation, engineering services and education. A Fablab is a collaborative space sharing innovative equipment (3D printers, laser cutting, robotics) for individuals and businesses. Main fablab activities:
Extra-curricular training in the fields of robotics, 3D printing, Innovation technological
Professional business services (design, robotics, fast prototyping, etc.)
Speaker at the Lycée Français International de Pékin. Deployment of the establishment’s fablab.
French Mother Tongue
Mandarin Intermediate (HSK 3)
English Professional
Mechanical calculation engineer
AREVA Nuclear Plant, Shenzhen, R.P. China 2010 – 2013 Engineer in charge of dynamic analysis for primary equipment’s and reactor cooling system. Coordination between different calculation teams inside AREVA and our Chinese partner(CGNPC). Supervision of a team of calculation engineers for realization of dynamic analysis:
Pressure, thermal and deadweight analyses of Reactor coolant system.
Seismic analysis for reactor coolant system and reactor pressure vessel.
Technical assistance on leak before break and break preclusion concept. Technical environment: ANSYS, EXCEL, MATLAB
Co-founder of Arnodva Company
Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam 2019-2020
Arnodva is a start-up specialized in robotics and mechatronics. (www.arnodva.com) Examples of projects managed by Arnodva:
Development of bathymetric drone for major waste water company (Véolia)
(https://www.arnodva.com/unmanned-bathymetric-drone)
Technical collaboration with magicians regarding Iot mechanisms
Holograms, drone’s customization
Technical environment: Software development, simulation and CAD software’s, 3D printing, Printed Circuit Board (PCB) design and production. E D U C A T I O N
Ecole nationale supérieure de l’aéronautique et de l’espace, Toulouse, FRANCE
2001
Master of Fluid Mechanics, with honors
Training period at ONERA (6 months) - Office National Superieur d’Etude et de Recherche Aeronautique, Toulouse
Subject: Development of shape generator for supersonic aircraft. Interface with Navier-Stockes processor and genetic optimization algorithm. Université de technologie de Belfort-Montbeliard, FRANCE
2001
Master of Mechanical engineering
Training period at CNRS (6 months) - Laboratoire de mecanique des Fluides et Acoustique, Ecole Centrale de Lyon.
Subject: Simulation of anisotropic turbulence using multi-spectral method. Mechanical Engineer
01dB-METRAVIB (now ACOEM), Beijing, R.P. China 2007 – 2010 Application engineer and technical support for Dynamic Mechanical Analyzers (DMA). Responsible for these activities in Asian area:
Provide Rheological training courses for DMA users
Technical management of a network of Asian agents
Commissioning of the dynamic analysers.
Training, maintenance, and technical support concerning dynamic analysers. Technical environment: Acoustic and vibration signal acquisition software’s (dBFa, MULTIDYN, DYNATEST).
Mechanical Engineer
AREVA Nuclear Plant, La Défense, Paris 2004 – 2007 Primary components department. Realization of mechanical dynamic analysis:
Spent Fuel storage rack seismic and airplane crash dynamic analyses.
Piping stress calculation and elasto-plastic analyses. Technical environment: CATIA, ANSYS, TECPLOT, FLUIDYN, MATLAB, FORTRAN, UNIX.
Contact this candidate