SHIVAM JOSHI
Jersey City, NJ adjxu8@r.postjobfree.com 214-***-****
EDUCATION
New York University - Tandon School of Engineering Brooklyn, NY Master of Science in Mechatronics and Robotics Expected - May 2021 Madhav Institute of Technology and Science Gwalior, India Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering May 2017 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: C/C++, Python, Matlab, Bash
Platforms: ROS, Linux, Windows,
Other Tools: Anaconda, Make, Cmake, VS Code, Vim, Arduino, SQL, Git, LaTeX Related Courses: Udacity Nanodegree - C++, Optimal Control and Reinforcement Learning, Computer Vision, Robot Localization and Navigation, Advance Mechatronics, Robot Mechanics, Simulation tools for Robotics. EXPERIENCE
AI4CE Lab - NYU, Graduate Assistant Sept 2019 - Present, Brooklyn, NY RF+DL for through-wall perception: Working towards my Thesis on subject of using RF waves and deep learning for through-wall robot perception problems. Autonomous delivery robot: Fabricated autonomous delivery robot using turtlebot3, NVIDIA Jetson nano and ROS as an open source platform for students, educators and researchers. Vision-based control: Assisted in ongoing research for pose estimation and control of an inexpensive robot manipulator(OWI-535) using single camera (RPI camera) inputs. Obstacle avoiding autonomous robot: Applied Gazebo, Rviz, ROS-navigation stack packages to simulate an obstacle-avoiding mobile robot(turtlebot) to develop understanding of robot navigation and SLAM. Accenture, Associate Software Engineer June 2017 - Feb 2019, Mumbai, India Test Automation: Programmed automation test scripts using python for regression testing of web dashboards to expedite product development.
Collaborated with team members for code reviews, knowledge transfer sessions and technical documentation. Assisted business users for User Acceptance Testing and got sign-o for the test plans. ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Vision based state estimation: Impleamented algorithms for state estimation of MAV using di erent bayesian ltering schemes - EKF, UKF, optical ow measurement - LKT tracking, 4-points, outlier rejection - least square, RANSAC algorithms using variety of sensors for process and measurement modelling, during multiple projects as part of Robot Localization course.
Reinforcement learning for robotics: Implemented optimal control and reinforcement learning algorithms like LQR, MPC, REINFORCE, DDPG for di erent models - inverted cart-pendulum, humanoid, mujoco soft robots, as part of Optimal Control course.
Wildland re ghting robot: Fabricated a wildland re ghting robot using Raspberry Pi and Arduino to be controlled remotely from anywhere in the world. Created smartphone app using MIT inventor,Google Firebase to get live video feed and passing commands from remote location. The robot comprised of basic functionalities required for an re-assistance robot - hauling, weather station, reconnoiter, re suppression. Simulation and control of SCARA manipulator: Implemented algorithms in Matlab/Simulink for kinematic and Dynamic modelling of SCARA manipulator for multiple given and generated trajectories and devised control algorithms for dynamic and robust control of the manipulator.
Contact this candidate