BODDEDA CHANDU NAGA SAI SRI
Mobile No:929-***-****
E-Mail:adjyhn@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin:-https://www.linkedin.com/in/chandu-sai-b-50a042124 Career Objective:-
To work in a technically challenging environment which provides ample learning opportunity and also a platform to utilize my technical and managerial skills. An Entry Level aspirant with a demonstrated history of working as an Applied robotics Intern in the field of Applied Robotics, Automotive,SCADA,PLC.
Technical Skills:-
● CAD Softwares: CATIA, SOLID EDGE, AUTOCAD.
● CAE Softwares: ANSYS,MATLAB Programming,Simulink.
● M.S.Office:M.S Word,M.S Excel,M.S Powerpoint.
Internships:-
Applied Robotics Trainee(2019/07-2020/02)
Andhra Pradesh State Skill Development Corporation, Gudlavalleru-A.P
● Advanced training in evolution of Applied Robotics, Mechanics & Kinematics of Industrial Robots, Motion Controller and functions, End-Arm tooling, Robotic Programming, Sensors and Adaptive functions, Robot Performance
● Hands-on experience with IGUS industrial robots using CPRog to perform operations like Pick and Place, Palletizing and Commissioning, Arc welding. Academic Details
Course of Study
Name of the Institute
Duration Aggregate/
CGPA
B.Tech
(MECHANICAL
ENGINEERING) Gudlavalleru Engineering College
2016-2020 7.44
INTERMEDIATE Sri chaitanya Junior College 2014-2016 82.7% X CLASS J.L.E.M. High School 2013-2014 8.5
● Strong engineering background and applied concepts on controlling and Inspection of Industrial Robots using PLC.
● Industrial Project: Demonstrated working experience on screen development using SCADA for a Labeling Machine to enable supervisory control over the products in the line of manufacturing and production.
Internship Trainee (2019/05/01-2019/05/31)
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.
● Undergone best in class training at Thermal Power Plant facility of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited which produces 286.5 MW electricity for internal plant utility and domestic purpose regionally. 2019-05 - 2019-06
● Hands on experience to work on industrial machinery of water tube boilers, chilled water plant, boiler maintenance, slurry pond, turbo blower, Back pressure turbines, gas expansion turbines.
● Proactively worked on flue gases and waste management techniques for generation of BPTS and GETS.
Academic Project Work:-
1. Title:Characterisation of unidirectional natural fibre reinforced polymer composites. Description:Wind energy is one of the most widely adopted renewable energy harnessing methods around the world. Accordingly, wind turbine blades are gradually undergoing changes in design and geometry to make them more efficient. The project is mainly discussed about the replacing of Glass fibre and carbon fibre materials with natural fibers.Mainly concentrating on the eco-friendly, availability, strength and low weight which is equal to the application materials. Comparing the synthetic fibre with the natural fibre materials. It is important to note that non – renewable resources are significantly depleted by human use, where as renewable resources are produced by ongoing processes that can sustain indefinite human exploitation Fiber-reinforced polymer composites have played a dominant role for a long time in a variety of applications for their high specific strength and modulus Natural fibers include those made from plant, animal and mineral sources.
2. Title: Selection of natural fibre reinforced composites for exoskeleton. Description: It is very difficult to stand and work for an overall shift in the company by a worker. This will reduce the efficiency of the worker. The solution to this problem is to have a portable device which has an ergonomic design,low cost and low weight exoskeleton. Selection of material plays a vital role,the material used for exoskeleton fabrication are steel and aluminum. In this project an attempt is made to replace the metals with natural fibre reinforced materials.The abaca fibre is selected as reinforcement and epoxy as matrix material. Hand layup process is used for fabricating the samples. Then tensile,flexural and impact tests are conducted and results are analyzed. Certifications:-
● Completed ARC 1.0,2.0&3.0 courses by APSSDC, which collaborated with a Germany institute named as APS GmbH European Centre for Mechatronics,Aachen.
● CATIA by APSSDC.
● MATLAB Programming and Simulation by Udemy.
Co-curricular Activities:-
● Attended a bootcamp on Hybrid electric vehicles which is organised by Skill-Lync.
● Attended a workshop on Hybrid car Technology which is organised by JNTU vizianagaram.
● Attended an NDT workshop conducted by “VIDAL NDT” in the college.
● Participated in the “RC AirCraft” workshop conducted by “Aeropsyche” in the college.
● Participated in a paper presentation on “Haptic robotic arm ”in eve of gecfest 2017. Extra-curricular Activities: -
● Volunteer for college fest.
Personal Information:-
Father’s Name : BODDEDA SITA PATHI
Date of Birth : 29-11-1998
Gender : Male
Languages Known : English, Telugu.
Interests : Technology Freak,chess.
Declaration:
I solemnly declare that all the above particulars are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Mahindra World City BODDEDA CHANDU SAI
Contact this candidate