IYANUOLUWA DAVIES OGUNSINA
Email: ado2jf@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +234**********
PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
Skilled Robotics and Automation Engineer with 4years experience in designing and manufacturing engineering,Rob otics,coding, industrial engineering and operations of mechanical equipment, and maintenance. CAREER SUMMARY
Years of excellent shop and safety skills honed from work as a machinist, Robotics and Autoation Engineer, able to fabricate and design and build robot(U.G.V),knowledge of c,c++,python,embeded systems,Arduino IDE,iot(intern et of things ),2D and 3D Engineering CAD designing,microcontrollers and microprocessors,3D printing,and also k nowledgeable in mechatronics engineering and knowledge of HTML,CSS and javascript EXPERIENCE
2020 – pres
ALAN DAVIES TECHNICAL LTD, Lagos State
Position: MANUAL MECHANIST and automation Engineer Duties: machining on mills and lathe.
Setting up of machine shop and operation.
Responsible for complete disassembling/assembling of machines Machine and industrial machine maintenance .
Attention to details and inputting of data.
2019 – 2020
ADLAN VOLT TECH, Lagos State
Position: MILL OPERATOR
Duties: operation of vertical and horizontal milling machine. Maintenance of lathe, milling machine.
Arranging of work tools and tools sorting .
2016 INDUSTRIAL TRAINNG FUND, Lagos State
Position: APRENTICE (Electrical and mechanical department) Duties: wiring of houses
Introduction to practical engineering
EDUCATION
2013 – 2018
BELLS University of technoloy Ota, Ogun State – B.Eng Mechatronis engineering. MISCELLANEOUS
PROFESSION RELATED CERTIFICATES
• Certified Android programmer and automation ...
SKILLS:
. knowledge of Html,Css,Javascript,C,C++,Phyton and embeded C++ for arduino microcontroller for robotics .
. 3-4 years experience on Robotics and Automation.
. Designing of parts
. working knowledge of raspberrypi and Arduino IDE and Arduino micro controllers
. Strong communication and analytical skills
. knowledge of electronics .
. Providing technical advice
. A fast learner, adapting quickly to change
. Accountable and dependable
. Thrives as a team player/Ability to train or tutor on Robotics,web design,automation,Electronics,Design
. Ability to work under pressure with little or no supervision
. Experience with Robot simulation
. Experience with Sensor integration and algorithms.
. Proficiency in CAD (AUTODESK Fusion 360 ) and also mechanical Design (2D drawing and sketch )...
. Experience in Design and Manufacturing.
. Demonstrated hands-on building skills and rapid prototyping experience including 3D printing and electronics prototyping.
. Experience with mechanism analysis,design and implementation.
. Experience with PCB design and layout .
. Experience with operation of mechanical industrial machine which include lathe,milling machine(vertical and Horizontal mills), slotting machine, grinders,etc...
. High proficiency skills in IOT (internet of things)...
. Experience in building electromechanical and mechanical assemblies,components
.
Contact this candidate