L
Mark Lively
Jr
903-***-****
Mark.lively****@gmail
.com
Hawkins, TX 75765
SUMMARY
Excels working alone, with small groups or in large interdisciplinary teams to research, develop and test robotic systems. Well-versed in design, calculation and plan review. Data-driven and reliable with good debugging, technical support and project management abilities.
Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry-level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company growth.
Hardworking and reliable team member with strong ability in quality job performance and multi-tasking. Offering excellent time-management skills and positivity. Highly organized, proactive and punctual with team-oriented mentality. Extremely motivated professional who prides themselves on quality and professionalism. Adds value to any organization in need of great collaboration, interpersonal, and multitasking abilities. Meets tight deadlines every time. Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success. Dedicated employee known for punctuality, pursuing employment options where good customer service and positive attitude will make a difference. SKILLS
Object identification and tracking
Glass handling
LiDAR experience
Application development
Programmable logic control
EXPERIENCE
Robotics Engineer
Longview, TX
Trinity Rail Industries/ Jun 2017 to Apr 2020
Led training, mentoring and operation in robotic welding performance initiatives. Met or exceeded target numbers for on-time customer shipments with motivational approach to team leadership.
Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
Identified and helped resolve nonconforming product issues to support accurate order fulfillment.
Rail Crew
Longview, TX
Cross-Bridge Compliance/ Apr 2016 to Jun 2017
Completed vehicle inspections to verify compliance with standards and regulations and prevented use of vehicles with extreme safety concerns or violations. Inspected vehicles to assess damage and functionality, recommend changes and issue violation notices.
Monitored repair work and inspected post-repair vehicles to verify proper quality and compliance with requirements.
Identified emissions testing procedures and standards appropriate for age and technology of vehicles.
Conducted visual inspections of emission control equipment and smoke emitted from gasoline or diesel vehicles.
Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
Robotics Engineer
Longview, TX
Trinity Rail Industries/ Mar 2012 to Apr 2016
Led training, mentoring and operation in robotic welding performance initiatives. Met or exceeded target numbers for on-time customer shipments with motivational approach to team leadership.
Identified and helped resolve nonconforming product issues to support accurate order fulfillment.
Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma
Frankston High School May 1998
Frankston, TX
HVAC Certification: HVAC Installation And Repair
Clarendon College Nov 2010
Clarendon, TX
Welding Certification: Welding
Cross-Bridge Compliance Jan 2017
Longview, TX
Contact this candidate