AHILA GEORGE MICHLE
adwl66@r.postjobfree.com
+1-267-***-****
Objective:
Seeking an entry level job position in a reputed engineering firm in order to build a long term career by investing the best of my technical knowledge and educational qualifications and to serve the organization with an outstanding output.
Core Qualifications :
Solid knowledge of electronic system and devices.
Familiar with Arduino Projects.
Excellent problem solving skills.
Experience in soldering(THT).
Experience electronic assembling.
Knowledge of testing electronic components.
Familiar with PSPICE,MATLAB,Simulink and Proteus
Knowledge about impedence matching,waves and waveguides,Transmission lines and networks,Antennas,Micro waves.
Basic computer skills

Education :
Master Of Engineering (Applied Electronics) with 79%– Sathyabama University,Chennai,India.
Bachelor Of Engineering (Electronics And Communication Engineering) with 73% – Anna University,Chennai,India.
HSC with 87% - St. Bernadette’s HSS, India.
SSLC with 88% - LMS Girls HSS, India
Additional Qualification:
Completed Embedded C course by using PIC micro controller and arduino.

Work Experience:
SIMCO Ion,Hatfield . June 2022 – April 2023
Role: Electonics Assembler

Roles and Responsibilities:
Assembling and testing of ionization bars and ionization blowers.
Soldering PCB boards, wires and small components.
Assembling hardware such as fasteners, clamps, knobs, and switches
Mounting components such as transformers, circuit boards, and fans onto chassis
Routing and connecting wires between components
Utilize hand tools such as strippers,crimpers,cutting pliers,drilling guns, screwing gun, cutters etc
Machine Operation
Reading and understanding work orders, technical drawings, and work instructions
Testing and troubleshooting finished products and sub-assemblies
Following prescribed safety regulations
Working from wiring diagrams, assembly drawings, specifications, and general instructions

TEKWIZARD Robotics Private Limited, Chennai, India. May 2019 – Apr 2020
Role: Robotics Engineer
Project: Smart Gardening:

Smart Garden is a plant environmental monitoring system. It monitors the soil moisture, air temperature, and air humidity of our plants and automatically waters the plant based on the data received by sensors. The sensors used here is temperature humidity sensor and soil moisture sensor. All the sensors are monitored and controlled by Node MCU which is programmed in embedded c with IoT technology.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in technical analysis, design, coding, code review, integration testing.
Handled calibration issues and enhanced the system.
Provided support for troubleshooting.
Responsible for overseeing the quality procedures related to the projects.
Performed installation and testing

VINS Engineering College,Chennai,India. June 2007 – October 2012
Role: Assistant Professor
Roles and Responsibilities :
Guiding the students for final year(electronic) projects.
Invigilating examinations.
Encourage the students to gain practical knowledge.
Teaching electronics subjects.
Soft Skills
Excellent communication.
Aware of human values.
Self motivated and hard working,sincerity
Good team player

Achievements:
Secured first position in HSC Board exams at School.
Won prizes in essay writing and speech competitions.
Won prizes for GK competition in school level.
Contact this candidate