

























 

 
RESUME 

 
 
 
Rituparna Bandyopadhyay  
Contact Information​​:  
Email: ritu_gdps@yahoo.com 
Address: Krishna Colony Gurgaon- 122001, Haryana.  
Mobile no: ​8800155567 
 
 
Professional Goal 
 
To translate my skills and competencies into action towards growth and development of the              
organization which provides me the opportunity to learn and grow. 

 
 

Working Experience: 
 
Wipro (​​Formerly​ ​​known as​ Aon India Pvt. Ltd. Gurgaon)  
Position:  ​​Benefits Operations Administrator  
Duration:​​ Since 25​th​ February 2016 till date. 

 
 

Job Responsibilities​​:  
 

▪ Researching complex benefit issues and formulates resolutions by analyzing fact          
patterns and applying plan provisions and best practices. 

▪ Providing resolution in accordance with due dates and documents processes. 
▪ Conducting system edit clean up including researching and determining reasons for           

errors and resolving errors which may include working directly with client or third             
party vendor to obtain correct information. 

▪ Manually performing benefit processes and complex calculations that are not          
automated, requiring plan knowledge, analysis, and interpretation.  

▪ Developing and documenting benefit related processes and guidelines.  
 
 
Achievements: 
 

▪ Successfully completed process training before the defined timelines. 
▪ Was involved in seamless virtual transitioning of many processes for ​Ecolab , adidas ,              

Reebok and Stryker Clients. 
▪ Conducting training sessions for new hires as well as other members in the team.  
 

 
Previous Organization: 
 
Usha international Ltd.  
Position:  ​​Service Associate 



Duration:​​ 1​st​ November 2013 to 19​th​ February 2016. 
 
 

Job Responsibilities: 
 

▪ Working on ​Customer service, Operation, Backend. 
▪ Reviewing​ chat and email, team monitor, data validation and distribution.  
▪ Team mentor in absence of team leader, quality and training report publication. 

 
 

Academic Qualification: 
 

● GRADUATION​​                       :​​  ​​DRONACHARYA GOVT.P.G 
COLLEGE (Economics Honours) 

 

● SENIOR SECONDARY​​         :  ​​DEV SAMAJ VIDYA NIKETAN 
SENIOR SECONDARY SCHOOL, GURGAON 

 

● SECONDARY​​ ​                                       ​:​​    ​GYAN DEVI PUBLIC SCHOOL 
SENIOR                             SECONDARY SCHOOL, GURGAON 

 
 
Computer Skills: 
 

✓ MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, etc.)  
✓ Operating Office: Microsoft windows XP/ 7 / 8 

 
 

Skill Sets: 
 

● Fast learner, adapt well to changes and pressures in workplace. 
● Good presentation,  communication skills and leadership qualities. 
● Can work effectively with diverse group of people. 
● Friendly with an upbeat attitude. 
● Committed to deadlines and schedules with focus to achieve targets and deliver            

results. 
● Sincere with a high level of integrity. 

 
 
Individual Contour: 
 
 

Father’s Name Mr. Paratha Sarathi 
Date Of Birth 23rd September 1992 
Sex Female 
Marital Status Single 
Religion Hindu 
Language known English, Hindi, Bengali 



Strengths Facing challenges, Motivated, Team Work 
Hobby Reading, Painting, Listening to Music, Dancing 

 
 
 
DECLARATION:  
 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and                 
belief. 
 
 
Date:  
 
 
Place:  
 
 
 
 
 

(​Rituparna Bandyopadhyay) 


