









































Ratish Nair


RATISH KUMARAN NAIR 

 
E-Mail: nratish11280@yahoo.com          Contact: +91 9820342453 / 022 27713063 

  

Address: A-203 Amrita Sadan, Opp Terna Hospital & Nerul Railway Station, Nerul (W), Navi Mumbai – 400706 

 
 

SENIOR FINANCE PROFESSIONAL  
 

Action oriented leader with a strong track record of nearly 14 years of performance in multi – channel businesses. 

Hands-on manager with expertise in accounting systems development & financial reporting. Proven record of 

developing and implementing financial / operational controls that improve P&L scenario & competitively position the 

firm. 

 

Proficient in handling all financial operations as well as audits & tax functions and preparing reports thereon. Strong 

qualifications in general management, systems implementation & staff development. An effective leader with 

excellent communication, analytical, team building and relationship management skills. Background with extensive 

knowledge of rich management, financial reporting & automated accounting systems. 

 

 

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE  

 

 

Aug’16 - till date Credit Suisse Securities India Pvt. Ltd., Worli, Mumbai as ENO (Accounts Payable) 

 Coordinating with Tax Consultants on various tax related issues and for getting CA certificates for making foreign 
remittances. 

 Auditing various employee reimbursement claims as per company policies for making payments. 

 Coordinating with banks for remittance and tax related issues & with the foreign vendors for procuring various 
documents such as TRC (Tax Residency Certificate), PE Declaration (Permanent Establishment Declaration) before 

making remittances. 

 Handling forex accounting, TDS reconciliation and service tax payments on import of services. 

 Bank Reconciliations, MIS relating to outstanding payments. 

 Assistance in statutory audit and scrutiny of ledgers. 

 Generating monthly financial statements and cost control reports & conducting analysis on monthly basis. 

 GST Reconciliation and preparing GSTR3B details for GST return Filing.  

 

 

Jan’16 – Jul’16 Star India Pvt. Ltd., Lower Parel, Mumbai as Assistant Manager (Finance) 

 

 Preparing IFC audit reports for Statutory Audit purposes. 

 Preparing Sox Analysis reports and Conducted Sox walkthroughs. 

 Worked on payment of timely receipt of payment from the production houses with regards to the advances made. 

 Worked with audit team members to review and appraise the soundness, adequacy and application of financial 
controls to ensure effectiveness. 

 Preparation of Controllership Schedules for management reviews. 

 Handling payments for sports and digital entities of Star India group. 

 

 

Jun’08 - Jan’16 Credit Suisse Securities India Pvt. Ltd., Worli, Mumbai as Assistant Manager (Accounts Payable) 

 Maintaining proper checks on all invoices & expense claims and make due payments. 

 Coordinating with Tax Consultants on various tax related issues and for getting CA certificates for making foreign 
remittances. 

 Auditing various employee reimbursement claims as per company policies for making payments. 

 Coordinating with banks for remittance and tax related issues & with the foreign vendors for procuring various 
documents such as TRC (Tax Residency Certificate), PE Declaration (Permanent Establishment Declaration) before 

making remittances. 

 Handling forex accounting, TDS reconciliation and service tax payments on import of services. 

 Bank Reconciliations, MIS relating to outstanding payments. 



 Working in UAT testing for various projects relating to accounts payable. 

 Timely payments and audit of various expenses and due checks on cost control activities. 

 Vendor & contract data analysis & reporting. 

 Assistance in statutory audit and scrutiny of ledgers. 

 Examining Journal Vouchers, Ledgers Reconciliation’s, Inter Company Accounts and Ledger. 

 Presenting a true & fair view of the financial position of the company by preparing financial statements 

 Generating monthly financial statements and cost control reports & conducting analysis on monthly basis. 

 

Taxation  

 

 Preparing & submitting Service Tax Returns, managing reconciliation of monthly service tax, maintaining Service 
Tax Register & Cenvat Credit Register. 

 Submitting quarterly return for TDS under various section covered salary, consultancy, rent, contractors, brokerage 
/ commission, under section 195 for group companies & handling the assessments thereon. 

 Managing Direct Taxation with timely discharge of obligations for Taxes & Duties, Filing of Returns for VAT, Service 
Tax, TDS Returns. 

 Preparing & reviewing documents for consultancy & reimbursement of operating expenses for overseas branches 
as per Income Tax and RBI Guidelines. 

 

Team Handling 

 

 Currently handling a team of 2 members. The role includes planning for all the deliverables relating to tax and 
vendor payments. Assessing the performance of the team members & helping them to improve their performance 

by arranging for training & Conduct of mid and yearly performance feedback to meet their SLA. 

 

 

May’07 – Jun’08 with Lehman Brothers Services India Pvt. Ltd., Powai, Mumbai as Analyst (Core Finance) 

 

 Auditing Lehman Brothers vendor payments in accordance with firm policy and procedures utilizing the PeopleSoft 
Accounts Payable and the LIAM (Lehman Invoice Approval Management) applications. 

 Providing value add insights to assist in expense managements. 

 Making process wire disbursements, coordinating funding with the treasury department.  

 Conducting analysis of monthly payments with relevance to various tax compliances such as WHT, Service Tax, 
Work Contract Tax. 

 

 

Jul’03 – May’07 with Compass Development (India) Private Limited, Vikhroli, Mumbai as Senior Tax Reviewer  

 

 Undertaking Quality Check on the Tax Returns prepared by the Tax Assistants and checking the reviewed cases 
allotted back to Mumbai for completion. 

 Resolving cases related to property income and capital gains & answering queries of the team members and 
helping them in solving difficult tax related cases. 

 Calling up the Tax Administrators in the UK for assistance in solving the queries if necessary. 

 Maintaining Error Log Sheets and Quality Sheets for the team.  

 Identifying the training needs for the team members. 

 

Accomplishments: 

 Introduced a process wherein the productivity and efficiency of the team can be measured through introduction of 
a revised log sheet. This was useful for the team leader to for performance appraisal. 

 Awarded Extra Miles twice for meeting the timely deadlines of submitting the tax return.  

 Received award from the Management for officiate Founders Day.  

 

Education  

 Post-Graduation Diploma in Business Management (Finance) from University of Mumbai in 2008. 

 M.Com. from University of Pune in 2003. 

 B.Com. from Mumbai University in 2000. 

 

 



IT Skills 

 Operating Knowledge of Microsoft Office, Database Knowledge SQL, Computer Languages Java, C++, Database 
Administration Linux & Windows, PeopleSoft, T24, SAP. 

 

Personal Details 

Date of Birth   : 12th January, 1980 

Marital Status  : Married 

Languages Known : English, Hindi, Malayalam & Marathi 

Location Preference : Mumbai / Navi Mumbai  

 

 

 


