















































avniòoft avniòoft   avniòoft


Dinesh Sharma  







E-mail: dinesh.sharma2110@gmail.com

Contact: +91-9764345182

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To gain expertise in my professional field and become a valuable asset for my organization.

PROFILE

· 4.6 Years of professional IT experience  including 

· Programming knowledge in COBOL, JCL, SQL.

· Database knowledge in DB2, VSAM, Basic IMS-DB.
· Onsite coordinator in USA for 1 year. 
· My strengths are being analytical, flexible and good team player.
· Currently Working as a Module Lead.

· Good knowledge of Banking and Financial Domain.
· IBM Certified Database Associate (IBM DB2 V 8.0 Family).

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
	Languages
	COBOL, JCL, SQL, EASYTRIEVE

	Databases
	DB2, VSAM, IMS-DB

	Tools & Utilities
	Changeman, Infoman, SPUFI, Apptune, FILE-AID, ISPF, XPEDITER, SDF, MQ,TSO and JOBTRAC

	Operating Systems 
	Windows 2000/XP, Z/OS


TRAININGS ATTENDED

	Program
	ITP Training conducted by Syntel Ltd.

	Duration
	September - November 2007

	Details
	Covering the Fundamentals and Advanced concepts of Mainframe system.


	Program
	Training for Advance Banking by Syntel Ltd.

	Duration
	Feb 2009

	Details
	Covering the Fundamentals and Advanced concepts of Banking system.


	Program
	Abridged BA Training by Syntel Ltd.

	Duration
	March 2009

	Details
	Fundamentals of Business Process and Requirement Gathering.


	Program
	Team Building Workshop by Syntel Ltd.

	Duration
	Dec 2011

	Details
	Active participation in Team Building activities.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Organization: Syntel Ltd, Pune.

Designation:  Analyst Programmer
Duration:  20 September 2007 - till date

Projects
	Project
	US Membership Rewards

	Duration & Location
	May 2009 to Till Date, Pune/Phoenix(US)

	Client
	American Express

	Role 
	Team Member/Onsite Coordinator/Module lead

	Description
	USMR 

USMR, United States Membership Reward Program enables card members to enroll to various Membership Reward programs to accumulate points and redeem these points into rewards like Merchandise, Travels and Certificates. MR Programs motivate customers to maximize card usage and gain more benefits. 

COBRAND

Co-Branded Cards are those having collaboration with Amex to promote their business and also give benefits to the customer if only he/she is using the particular types of cards.CoBrand Rewards System is a platform designed to support points-based rewards programs for the Cobranded vendors / partners. Spend points/certificates can be redeemed by the card member at the partner to avail any service provided by that partner.

REBATES

This system deals with the Rebate calculation on the basis of a card members’ monthly or yearly track record of spendings.On their credit records Amex issues some amounts to be levied off for their business promotion and with the very common intention of motivating customers to raise their bar of card usage to gain more & more benefits.



	Responsibility
	· Coordination between Onshore and Offshore.

· Communication with Client in form of discussions, suggestive        sessions, and status calls.

· Knowledge sharing between Team Members.
· Responsible for working on tasks mainly related to Problem management and Incident management.
· Involved in resolving various ABEND and Application issue and providing permanent fix to them.

· Responsible for reporting the production status (Weekly Status reports) of the project to the senior management.

· Unit testing and System testing.

· Ensure before-time, quality deliverables.

· To serve Demand Management Activity for Client cost reduction.
· Involved in production verification testing after implementation

of the product/application.




	Project
	Chrysler Financial – Wholesale

	Duration & Location
	Dec 2007 to April 2009, Pune

	Client
	Chrysler Financial Services, USA

	Role 
	Team Member

	Description
	Chrysler Financial Services provides automotive financial products and services to automotive dealers throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.

Wholesale

The system receives daily input of vehicle purchases by dealers from Chrysler Corporation, other automotive companies, and dealer direct purchases.  Payments, Billing and adjustments are daily input by Zones, Banking/Cash Management, Wholesale Accounting and Auctions.


	Responsibility
	· Involved in the enhancement and supporting existing CF Wholesale system. Making sure that the requirements in Service Requests & Change Requests are met.

· Resolving simple to medium complexity production issues.

· Involved in Impact Analysis, Source code-Changes, Testing and Implementation. 
· Preparation of Unit Test Plan, Coding and Unit testing.     
· Has been involved in development/Enhancement Programs 
· Reviewing deliverables of team member.
· Preparing and maintaining documents related to Quality and project requirement. 



EDUCATION

 Done B-TECH in Information Technology from Kalinga Institute of Technology and  

Science under KIIT University in year (2003-2007) and passed with High Distinction (77.3%) .
ACHIEVEMENTS AND CO-CURRICULUM ACTIVITIES
· Participated in various activities in college and company (Cultural activities, Blood donation camp, Picnic etc.).
· Received appreciation mails from Clients for work delivered.
· Member of Syntel cricket team and awarded for cricket in company and  in University level.
PERSONAL DETAILS

	Communication Address:


	Flat No 4, Indira Society, Gujarath Colony, Kothrud, 

Pune – 411029


	Date of Birth:


	21st october, 1983

	Passport No.
Visa:
	G2164545  ( Valid upto : 03/2017 ) 

L1 Blanket



	Languages Known: 
	English,Hindi,Marwari,Oriya

	Marital Status
	Single



