














































Vishalu N
Email : k.vishalu31@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9590570567



Objectives:
To be a part of organization and contribute my hard work and skills for the further development of the organization and my Skills for future competencies.

Education:
· Graduate in BCA computer Application from Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bangalore 
· PUC from St. Anne’s girls PU College, Bangalore 
· SSLC from B.M.S high school, Bangalore 

Experience:
· 15 months of experience with CONCENTRIX DHAKSH (IBM) in axis bank voice process as customer support executive.
     Role :
Axis Bank consists of two categories.
· Retail banking

My role was part  of Retail sector where we deal with  all types of personal account’s and NRI accounts and ATM related query  for the axis bank customer Through the phone banking center  by taking the right action on fraud transaction, charges charged by the bank for account holder   and transaction  on the internet banking and mobile banking .


· 13 months of experience  with  Tesco Bangalore Pvt Limited in semi voice process  as  first Level Technical support officer

      Role:
     Tesco  Bangalore pvt  Limited is in to retail world the Bangalore branch is in to operation of Tesco
     Business services.

     I was part of  the Cash office team which deals  with three main categories of Tesco stores:-

· Case Management System
· Multipurpose computer and
· Human Resource Attendance Management System

Case Management System :

As the name suggest we deal with  daily  cash flow on  Tesco stores  in   UK by managing the difference in the expected cash the by trading tills and the declared value of the colleague on Cash management system .by  calculating the  cash flow on daily basis  from  trading time till the cash is collected by the collection team(CIT)  and banked .



Multipurpose Computer (MPC)

  
We support the First Level Trouble Shooting of MPC ,Note counter by connecting the device remotely   if the issue is not fixed  at first level  .job will be raised to the  Wincor Engineer to visit the store and check on the  Hardware and Software side and provided the ETA by following up the ticket logged by the store until the issue is resolved .  

Human Resource Attendance Management System. 
 We manage the UK colleague personal data  and their job related details and the attendance      management of each employee depending on the clocking time and clock out time and code the exception accordingly which reflects in the payroll  and so that the employee will be paid  based on the hours they work and also the  overtime coding  and also we manage  the employee details of  the  new starter  branch transfer in .out  employee  details.
    

Skills and Trainings:

Computer Skills:


· DBA (Database management system)
· Microsoft windows applications (Word, Excel, Office, PowerPoint, Access).

Trainings

· Diploma in Computer Office Management System from capital computers.

Personal Skills:


· Ability to work in a fast-paced environment to set deadlines
· Excellent oral and written correspondence with an exceptional attention to detail
· Fast learner 

Achievements & Awards:


· Won 2nd prize in classical dance in state level. 
· Won price in science exhibition.
· Event coordinator for international level  IT Talent feast conducted in college level.



Interests and Activities:


· Classical Dance, Drawing, listening music 

Personal details

	Name
	Vishalu.N

	Date of Birth
	22-05-1993

	Sex
	Female

	Languages Known
	English, Kannada, Tamil, Telghu ,Hindi

	Email Id 
	k.vishalu31@gmail.com

	Contact Address

	D/O, Nanjappa R
No.23, Patel Nanjundappa road,
R.S.palaya.
Kamanahalli main road.
Bangalore-560033.

	Contact Number
	Mobile : +91 – 9590570567


			
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief and these data correctly describe my qualifications and me.

Vishalu N
Place: Bangalore										



