














































                                                                                                        Shashank Awasthi 
 
E-Mail: shashankawasthi60@gmail.com                           Contact No:  +91-7827628478 

LinkedIn Profile:  www.linkedin.com/in/shashank-awasthi-08394189 
 

Objective 
 

Use my knowledge & experience for the growth of the Organization and put my best 
effort to deliver as per the expectations. In the process learn and enhance the skill sets 
which are necessary for the industry as well as career growth. 

 

 

 Work Experience 

 Organization:  gaana.com 

               Designation: Data Scientist 

               Duration: Dec 2016 – Till Now 

               (Under 3
rd

 party payroll till Mar’18) 

               Role: Data Analysis for Product & 

                         Marketing Analytics. 

 

 Organization:  Fractal Analytics 

               Designation: Data Analyst 

               Duration: Jan 2016 – Nov 2016 

               Role: Data Analysis & preparation   

                         for P&G Consumer Market   

                         Knowledge Team. 

 

Technical Proficiency 


        •   Google Big Query, SQL, Google Analytics 
 
        •   Machine Learning, Data Science 
 
        •   R Programming, Python, C, Visual Basic 
 
        •   Google Spreadsheet, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint 
 
        •   Tableau, Data Studio 
 
 

                     Academic Details 
 

         2011 – 2015    Bachelor of Technology from GLA University, Mathura 

       Computer Science Engineering, CGPA – 7.54 

 
      2009 – 2011   Intermediate     Percentage – 72.2% 

  
 

      2009   High School       Percentage – 73.17%
 



Projects 
 

1. Daily E-Mail Reports Automation: Implemented the python framework to automate                                                   
Scheduled daily emails with reports. We can schedule the emails by giving the 
necessary fields like scheduling time, queries to fetch data from big query or SQL. 

 
     2. User Churn Model: Created User churn model for Gaana App based on Random 

Forest Classification Algorithm using Python & Google Big query. We had taken the 
1 month historical data of each user and 6

th
 month churn as dependent feature to 

predict current users churn.  
 
     3. User Life Time Value Analysis:  Created a Regression Model in python and                   

Big Query to predict the life time value of the users based on the total songs user          
listens. Using the historical data of 1 month we predicted the total no. of plays user 
will play in next 6 months. 

 
     4. User Retention Analysis: We have analyzed the short term and long term  
           user retention rate pattern using cohort analysis and improved it by new user 
           behavior analysis. 
 
     5. Brand Health On Demand: We were maintaining one of the P&G  
           databases which have different information about P&G brands with Trade Panel 
           and Sales Fundamentals data like value sales, volume sales Etc 

 
6. Online Shopping Portal: Designed and implemented Online Shopping Portal using 
       ASP.NET with C# in graduation. 

 

  Achievements 
 

 NPTEL Certification in Machine Learning 
 

 Microsoft Certification in Microsoft Technology Associate: Web Development  
Fundamental 

 

 DataCamp Certification in Data Scientist with Python 
 

 DataCamp Certification in Deep Learning with Python 
 

  Interests and Hobbies 
 

    Reading different information about Science 
 

    Watching movies, Listening Music 

 

    Playing Foosball 
  
 


