















































 
 

Rahul Kumar 

rahul.kumar231092@gmail.com | +91-8252454648 

Profile Summary 

Promote optimal performance, reliability, and security across core business systems 

• Results-driven professional offering a progressive, 3+ years’ career in Analytics & information technology. 

• Have Strong academic back ground with skills in Data Science, Machine Learning and Hadoop Ecosystem 

• Repeated success directing projects from inception to execution, issue resolution and on-budget delivery. 

• Process improvement champion with a history of delivering the proposed solution as per the company 
global delivery standards and to the customer’s expectation, enhance operational efficiency. 
 

– Areas of Expertise – 
 
Predictive Modelling | Machine Learning| Python | SQL |Statistical Analysis | Data Mining |Data 
Visualization | Exploratory Data Analysis | Data Backup & Recovery | Big Data | Spark | 
 

Technical Proficiencies 

Analytics Techniques: 

Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Segmentation (K-Means), Decision Trees, 

Ensemble learning (Random Forest, Bagging, Boosting), Time Series Forecasting, 

KNN, Naïve Bayes, Artificial Neural Network, Deep Learning, NLP, Spark 

 Analytics Tools: Python, MySQL, Hadoop – Hive, Pig, Tableau 

 Platforms:                       Linux, Windows, Solaris10 

Professional Experience 

Company Name: - L&T Infotech Pvt Ltd (LTI) 

Key Projects  

Duration: - 04/2018 – 10/2018 

Role: - Data Scientist 

Client: - Fidelity Business Service Pvt Ltd 

•  Predict and Prevent: This project aims at discovering patterns of variations from the given data logs (GB’s of 
unstructured data). It helped to understand the uncertainties related to incident tickets and predict 

beforehand any occurrence of any incident. The project uses sophisticated processes such as statistics, 

Natural Language processing and supervised machine learning to create predictive models. 

 

• Techniques used: Python, machine learning, Statistical tests, Natural Language Processing(NLP), Logistic 

Regression, K-Means Segmentation, Spark streaming, Kafka, log stash, Nifi and Optimization. 



 
 

R
A

H
U

L
 K

U
M

A
R 

Company Name: - Ericsson India Global Services Pvt Ltd  

Key Projects  

Duration: - 03/2016 – 01/2018 

Role: - Junior Data Scientist 

Clients: - Optus Pty Limited-Australia & TDC-Mobile-Denmark  

• Telecom customer segmentation: The goal of the study is to analyze customer segments to derive market 

strategy using K-Means Clustering and provide insights according to different cluster segments. 

 

• Network Intrusion Detection using machine learning techniques: The goal of the study is to classify different 

attacks in the network containing anomaly and misuse-based detection using different Machine learning 

classification algorithms. 

 

• Additional Projects Completed: 

o Churn Prediction for Telecom Company: The goal of the study is to apply analytical techniques to predict 

customer churn and analyze churned and active customers. 

• Techniques used: Python, machine learning, Statistical tests, Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, K-Means 

Segmentation, KNN, Naïve Bayes, Decision Trees Classification, Ensemble Learning and Optimization. 

 

Project  

Duration: - 03/2015 – 02/2016 

Role: - Solution Integrator 

Clients: - Telkomsel-Indonesia & Vivacom-Bulgaria 

• Performed Ericsson OSS-RC system Deployment and Integration, provided technical support and services for 

the Ericsson Operation support system Radio & core product.  

• Analysis of Data extraction specification sheet of NSN and Ericsson. Data Migration of NSN (NOKIA) Network 

management system (NMS) to Ericsson NMS through Granite tool. 

• Involved in Testing and Data extraction specification analysis, development of Telkomsel project. 

Recognitions 

• Demonstrated outstanding project delivery and troubleshooting skills, consistently receiving high rating on 
client satisfaction surveys and received several appreciation emails from Client and Onsite Counterparts. 

• Awarded performer of the team for Q3 2015, Q3 2016 and Q2 2017. 

• Publication of Research paper on “Removal of noisy information in web pages” in ICTCS’14, ACM New 

York, NY, USA ©2014. ISBN: 978-1-4503-3216-3. 

Education  

• B. Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from Manipal Institute of Technology, Gangtok. 

• 12th from Patna Central School (CBSE). 

• 10th from Shivam Convent (CBSE). 

http://www.acm.org/publications

