












































CURRICULUM VITAE 

Parvez AbdulAziz Nimbalkar
DOB: 8th October, 1989

Address:Block 4467, Parth Society, 

Nr Gayatrinagar, Ghogha road, 

Bhavnagar.-364002
Gujarat, India. 

Contact No: +91 9909348458

Email id: parvez

HYPERLINK "mailto:parvez5617@gmail.com"5617@

HYPERLINK "mailto:parvez5617@gmail.com"gmail

HYPERLINK "mailto:parvez5617@gmail.com".

HYPERLINK "mailto:parvez5617@gmail.com"com
Professiona Skills: Hardworking and sincere. Love to face new challenges and conquer them. As an added advantage I am very much flexible to changing atmosphere. An effective communicator with excellent relationship management backed by strong interpersonal, analytical, problem solving and leadership skills. 
Education Qualification:
	SR.NO
	DEGREE
	COLLEGE/BOARD

	1
	B.Com
	The KPES College / Bhavnagar University

	2
	HSC
	G.H.S.E.B

	3
	SSC
	G.S.E.B


Computer Knowledge: MS Office
Also cleared the NISM Mutual Fund Distributors Exam.

Present Work Experience:- Working in Medusind Solution Limited (BPO/KPO).
·  Joined as an Customer Service Executive since August, 2012 and was promoted as Team Co-ordinator (Dental Process)
· I handle a project of 12 team members. 
· My profile includes verification of dental policies of patient and ensuring all the team members are giving their best quality and productivity.
· I also Provide training to the new team member guide them as and when required.

·  Give appropriate and timely revert to client queries via email. 
· Prepare daily and monthly reports and ensure to send them to client within TAT.
Previous  Work Experiance: Shah Investment Consultants
· One of the leading Financial Distributor company.

· I have worked from Apr-2009 to July-2012 as CRO (Customer Relationship Officer). 
· Company dealt into selling various financial products like Mutual funds, Life insurance, General insurance, Company FD’s, Stocks, Post office savings etc. 

· My profile includes coordinating with various Mutual fund companies and fixing up the issues / queries raised by the sub-brokers at the earliest. 
· I was responsible for all the back-end work relating to the scrutinizing of the application forms, data entry of the same. And there-by maintaining a record of the day-to-day transactions. In addition need to maintain a monthly MIS of all the transactions to be reported to the Proprietor of the company.
I hereby declare that all the above mentioned facts are true to the best of my knowledge & belief. 

Parvez A. Nimbalkar 

