

















































CURRICULUM VITAE

Farheen Qureshi
farheenq42@yahoo.com
Mobile: 00917506818242


                                                  
Career Objective 
A Tours Operation professional with an experience of operations, sales and administration. Seeking a key role in a dynamic organization to contribute accrued skills in enhancing profit margins.

Skills
· Tours Management, HR Management, Customer Service & PR. 
· Operations, Customer Segment Profiling, Service Launch. 
· Recruiting, Training, Team Building & Motivating. 
· Excellent Analytical, Communication & Interpersonal Skills. 

Work Experience 

Travel Consultant
Mezi (Mumbai)
April 2016 – Present

Responsibilities:

1. Explore a range of products from different merchants to find exactly what the customer is looking for.
2. Exhibit a great taste, strong sense of style and eye for detail.
3. Planning Itineraries to suit the need of the customers.
4. Arranging flights, accommodation and tours.
5. Responsible for selling international tour packages – Europe, US, Far East, Middle East, Singapore, Malaysia, Star cruise, etc.
6. Ensure an amazing buying experience for the customers.
7. Delight and emotionally connect with the customers.


Sr. Executive – NRI division
Cox and kings ltd (Mumbai)
January 2015 – February 2016

Responsibilities:

1. Catering to NRI clients residing in GCC, UK, Africa for their Leisure Travel.
2. Assisting clients in Planning their itineraries & travel plans, offering them the most competitive travel solutions.
3. Developing relationship with Travel Agents, Direct Passengers & Indian Associations.
4. Identifying prospective clients across sectors, generate business from the existing, and thereby achieve business targets.
5. Resolving customer queries, ensuring that travel requirements are dealt with efficiently and professionally & proactively taking action on service bottlenecks. 
6. Analysing various weekly/monthly MIS reports pertaining to profitability.


Tours and Operations Coordinator
Royal Gulf Tourism LLC, (Dubai)
November 2011 – February 2013

Responsibilities:
1. Designed flexible tour packages to meet the needs of different clients.
2. Welcomed groups of holiday makers at their starting point and provided information and details of travel arrangements and stop-over points. 
3. Informed passengers arrival and departure times at each destination on the itinerary. 
4. Ensured all travel arrangements run according to plan and that accommodation, meals and service are to the satisfaction of the clients. 
5. Organized entry to attractions and transport, such as car hire. 
6. Ensured that the tour is running smoothly for individual members of the group.
7. Responded to questions and offered help with any problems that arise 
8. Liaised with hotels, coach companies, restaurants and other clients
9. Wrote reports and maintained records
10. Organized and attended tourism events, conferences, workshops, seminars and exhibitions. 




Academic Qualification  

Currently pursuing Doctorate in Management Studies.

Post Graduation Diploma in Tours and Travels from Welingkar institute of Management studies. (Mumbai ) 
Year-2016.


Co-Curricular Activities 
Have won prizes in drawing competition in district level.
	
Computer Knowledge / Software
MS Word, MS Excel, MS Power Point. 

Personal Information
Nationality		: Indian
Date of Birth		: 24th April 1990
Marital Status		: Single
Language		: English & Hindi
	


If my Bio Data meets to level of your satisfaction, I assure that I will carry out the duties instructed to me. Loyalty and the entire satisfaction of my Stake Holders
Farheen  Qureshi






       









3

