















































KAVITHA.B

Cell: 9677064196/ E-Mail:kavithab@icloud.com 

Career Overview
Having 2+year of experience as a developer in Mobile Technology which applies on Design and Development in mobile application using Xcode for iOS and Eclipse and Android Studio for Android. 
SKILLS

	Operating Systems
	Windows, Mac

	Programming Languages
	 XML , objective-c,

	Mobile Technology
	Android Studio, Eclipse, Xcode

	Database 
	 SQL ,SQLite, Core data

	Web Technologies
	HTML, XML, Javascript,Node.js

	
	


                                                    Education

Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics and communication) in Vel Tech University-2010-2014.

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
	Organization
	Designation
	Duration

	Deep Identity
	Software Engineer
	Sep 2014 – Dec 2016.




	                               PROJECT EXPERIENCE

	Project #1

Project: Identity Portal (iOS & Android)

Organization: Deep Identity (www.deepidentity.com)
Period: Feb-2015 - June-2015( iOS), July-2015  - Aug-2015(Android)

Role: Designing and Development

Description
This project for mobile Application

Tasks and responsibilities 
Design and development, including programming (iOS), Designing Layouts (Android).
Project Description:

This project allows the client to change the trusted source passwords on connecting to their internet and intranet cellular. The client can edit and update their profiles in a sec and make their data’s safe.

Programming language: Objective-c (iOS), XML (Android).
Environment: Xcode6 (iOS), Eclipse (Android).

Project #2

Project: Identity Portal Version 1.5 (iOS)

Organization: Deep Identity (www.deepidentity.com)
Period: Sep 2015 – Dec 2016.

Role: Designing and Development

Description
This project for mobile Application

Tasks and responsibilities 
Handling entire project

Project Description:

Trusted source user can view their request and status of their request. Along with the added features of the Identity Portal Version 1.

Programming language: Objective-c.
Environment: Xcode 6 & 7.

Project #3

Product: Privileged Identity Management 

Organization: Deep Identity (www.deepidentity.com)
Period: Mar 2016 – Dec 2016.

Role: Designing and Development

Description
Live monitoring admin activities through video recording in windows and key logger in SSH.

Tasks and responsibilities 
Recording session, compressing and encrypting those files.

Product Description:

Product is about monitoring admin activities in a corporate world. Monitoring is done through video recording for windows machine and key logger in SSH.

Programming language: node.js.
Environment: Sublime.

Personal Details

Date of Birth              :           27/04/1993

Marital Status            :            Single

Father’s Name            :           R Boopathy
Language Known        :           English, Tamil

Nationality                 :           Indian

Hobbies                     :           Dancing, listening to Music, browsing.

Permanent Address     :          3/5a, Govindaswamy street, kolathur, Chennai-82. 
I do hereby declare that the mentioned above furnished information is true to best of my knowledge.

Place: Chennai                                                                                                                         
                                                                                              Signature
Date:09-OCT-2017                                                                  (B Kavitha)                                     



