















































MOUMITA KANUNGO
D.O.B – 01.01.1987
Vabna Apartment, Flat-3A, 3rd floor, Srinagar Main Road, Garia Station, Opp: Maa Kali Builders,
Kolkata – 700152.
Mob: 9474382498
Email: rimi.kanungo16@gmail.com

Personal profile:

I am a committed, friendly and hardworking Customer Service executive with a passion for working with people from all backgrounds. I have work experience in dealing with customers from a variety of different sectors, and I have a great passion for providing an unforgettable customer service experience and ensuring that customer’s needs are met. My excellent organization and communication skills, combined with my relevant work experience, make me a real asset to any organization that I work for.
Achievements:

· More than 5 years of relevant work experience.
· Worked as Customer Service Executive in various organization.

	Education:
	

	Exam Passed
	Year
	Board
	Grade
	School

	Secondary:
	2003
	W.B.B.S.E.
	2nd Division
	Carmel High

	Higher Secondary:
	2005
	W.B.C.H.E.
	2nd Division
	Carmel High

	Graduation:
	2008
	C.U.
	Pass
	City South (M)



Employment and work experience:

Company	Work Experience	Role	Posting

	India Bulls
Apollo Hospital
	Apr’08 to Oct’08
Nov’08 to Oct’09
	C.C.E
Administrative job
	Kolkata
Bengaluru

	ABP Group & TT
	Nov’09 to May’11
	Tele-caller
	Kolkata

	PC Chandra (Apex)
	Jun’11 to Jul’13
	Back Office
	Kolkata

	Herbalife Intl P Ltd.
	Jul’14 to Aug’15
	C.C.E
	Bengaluru



Main Duties performed:

· Dealing with customers face-to-face, over the phone and via email
· Assisting customers with finding suitable products or services
· Dealing with customer feedback, concerns and complaints
· Entering and maintaining data into databases and information systems
· Coordinating and organizing sales and promotions events
· Performing general administrative tasks such as filing and photo copying

 (
1
)
Skills:

· Excellent communication skills in English, Hindi and Bengali with the ability to read write & speak, in a clear, audible and courteous manner.
· Demonstrating patience and understanding by staying professional at all times, regardless of what the discontented customer does or says.
· Basic Computer knowledge and the ability to respond the e-mails and letters in a time-efficient manner.

Hobbies and interests:
· Great passion for painting and dancing since a very young age
· Interest in travelling, listening music
· Like to find unknown words from the dictionary
