














































Objective


 1 

 

 

Melroy Sajon Mascarenhas 
2+ years of experience as UNIX Administrator  
Current Location: Hyderabad, India. 

+91 7507477676; +91 8886753336  

melroymascarenhas@rocketmail.com; 
melroymasc@gmail.com   

 

 

To be a value adding asset in organization through persistent and sincere hard work and to excel in my field to 

provide maximum output. To obtain a challenging career, seeking a position in the technical world where my skills, 

abilities & talent could be used in right direction & up to full potential. 

 

 

 Summary 

 

 2+ years of experience in UNIX System Administration, L2 system production support, troubleshooting of UNIX 

servers, Backup, Recovery and Storage Administration. 

 Worked on Solaris 8/10/11 with expertise in SMF utilities, Oracle Zone Configuration, ZFS administration and 

LDOMs virtualization. 

 Worked on Hitachi Data Systems (HDS) Virtual Storage Platform (VSP). 

 Administering and managing assets through Oracle Enterprise Manager Ops Center 12c. 

 Working knowledge in Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance.  

 Expert knowledge in managing the Oracle StorageTek SL150 Modular Tape library (Tape Backups) via BUI and 

CLI. 

 Managing the Oracle SuperCluster T5-8 and its components. 

 Backup and recovery through EMC Networker. 

 Working Experience in ITIL concepts- Incident and Change management. 

 Knowledge of Shell scripting. 

 Experience supporting 24x7 production computing environments with on-call and weekend support. 

 Effective Communication and Strong Work ethics taking ownership of Duties and Responsibilities. 

 Independent problem solving attitude and always willing to learn.  

 Developed ASP.NET C# web application during 4 months Internship period. 

 Completed certificate course in Android App Development. 

 

 

Technical Skills 

 

Platform 

 

UNIX: Oracle Solaris, 8, 10, and 11; Red hat Linux. 

Android App Development, ASP.NET with C#, HTML, JavaScript, CSS. 

 

Hardware 

Oracle SuperCluster T5-8,  

Oracle SPARC Platform: T-series,  

Oracle StorageTek SL150 Modular Tape Library 

 

Networking: 

  

TCP/IP, NFS, SFTP, SSH, DNS 

 

Tool 

 

Putty, EMC Networker(Backup Tool), Remedy tool, Oracle Enterprise 

Manager Ops Center 12c, Hitachi Command Suite 7, 

Android Studio, Microsoft Visual Studio, SQLite, SQL server. 

 

Storage 

 

Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance, Hitachi VSP (Virtual Storage Platform) 

 

 

 

Objective 

mailto:melroymascarenhas@rocketmail.com
mailto:melroymasc@gmail.com


 2 

Employment Details 

    

Present Employer 

            Organization  :  Wipro Technologies 

   Account Name  :  British Petroleum 

   Duration  :  2+ years 

      Designation  :  Unix Administrator 

 

 Roles and Responsibilities: 

 

 Provide day-to-day Technical Support-Analyzing, Troubleshooting and Resolving Technical  

     Problems related to Servers. 

 System efficiency and Performance monitoring, Disk and Network usage. 

 Building Solaris servers, patching, configuring, and transitioning servers to production support. 

 Migration of Solaris zones. 

 Decommissioning Solaris servers.  

 Configuring Zones and Zone’s File system for Resource Sharing. 

 User Administration- creating, modifying, managing and deleting user accounts and groups. 

 Maintaining file systems: Checking and repairing file systems and monitoring file system usage. 

 Troubleshooting NFS, SFTP, SSH related issue. 

 Configuring SFTP, Telnet and SSH services on the machine. 

 Managing Network Printers and System Processes. 

 Printer administration and NTP service. 

 Scheduling Hot and Cold backup of servers.  

 Perform System Backups and Restorations using EMC Networker (Formerly known as Legato Networker). 

 Deposit/withdraw, load/unload tapes to/from the StorageTek SL150 Modular Tape Library. 

 Manually triggering failed backups. 

 Performing Tape Cloning and Restoration from LTO6 tapes. 

 Responsible for Package and Patch Management & Installation. 

 Scheduling jobs using CRONTAB & AT utility. 

 Maintaining Service Management Facility (SMF) in Solaris 10 & 11. 

 Creating ZFS, NFS file systems on Solaris 10 and Solaris 11. 

 Creating ZFS snapshot, clones.  

 Recover data from ZFS snapshots and if required perform snapshot rollback.  

 Generating Crash dump, Running Explorer on the servers and uploading to Oracle SRs. 

 Managing Oracle Servers through ILOM (Integrated Lights out Manager). 

 Establishing Password less authentication using Private-Public Keys. 

 Creating and following up on Oracle SRs. 

 Monitoring alarms using Remedy 8 ticketing tool and resolving the issues within predefined SLA  

     defined by the client. 

 Creating incidents by using Remedy tool. 

 Submitting and implementing Change, SMCA using Remedy Change management. 

 Providing 24x7 on-call support. 
 

Oracle ILOM (Integrated Lights Out Manager) 

 Managing Oracle servers/SuperCluster through Oracle ILOM: 

     Capturing ILOM snapshot. 

 Switching Off/On Power State of server/SuperCluster node remotely through ILOM. 

 Console Login to servers.   

  



 3 

Oracle ZFS, Zones and ZFS Storage Appliance 

 Involved in creating and configuring Zones/Containers.  

 Creating zpools and ZFS file system in Solaris 10 & 11. 

 Setting ZFS quota and reservation. 

 Creating, destroying ZFS Snapshots & Clones. 

 ZFS snapshot recovery and rollback. 

 Increasing the size of Zpools by adding new HDS VSP LUNS. 

 Importing & exporting Zpool. 

 Checking the Pool status. 

 Setting Quota on the ZFS Storage Appliance. 

 Mounting/un-mounting the ZFS Storage pools. 

  

Hitachi Command Suite 7  

 Concept of PVOLs and SVOLs. 

 Creating LUNs, Allocating LUNS to Host Group. 

 Scan the disks and bring the LUNS into Hitachi Command Suite Control. 

 Un-allocating the LUNS (PVOLs and SVOLs) after Server Decommissioning. 

  

Knowledge on Red Hat Linux 

 Server administration, Process management, User administration. 

 Package management with rpm and yum. 

 Creation of file system. 

 Logical Volume Manager: Physical and Logical Volume, Volume group. 

 Configuration of different types of RAID levels. 

 

Incident Management 

 Record and classify received Incidents and undertake an immediate effort in order to restore a failed IT Service 

as quickly as possible 

 Assign unresolved Incidents to appropriate Tier 2 Support Group 

 Log all Incident/Service Request details, allocating categorization and prioritization codes 

 Keep users informed about their Incidents’ status at agreed intervals 

 Associate Incidents with other records (i.e. Incidents, Changes, Problems, Knowledge Articles, Known Errors, 

etc.) 

 Provide first-line investigation and diagnosis of all Incidents and Service Requests 

 Own all Incidents and Service Requests throughout the lifecycle 

 

 

Previous Employer 

            Organization  :  Logicon TechnoSolutions Pvt. Ltd, Pune, India. 

 Project Name  :  Manufacturing Intelligence System 

   Duration  :  4 months 

 

Project Description: 

 Bring company's manufacturing related data together from many sources for the purpose of reporting, analysis 

and visual summaries. 

 The primary goal was to turn large amount of manufacturing data into real knowledge and drive business 

results on that knowledge. 

 Tools used for this system were Microsoft Visual Studio, SQL Server 2012. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Developing a fully functional website to meet the demands of manufacturing companies. 

 Designing and developing the website. 

 Performing Database Connectivity and operations. 

 Performing Validations. 

 

 



 4 

 

Educational Profile 

 

 Completed Master in Computer Application (MCA) from Savitribai Phule Pune University, Pune in 2015. 

 Completed Bachelor in Computer Application from Goa University, Goa in 2012. 

 Completed 12th (Science) from Goa board in 2009. 

 High School from Goa board in 2007. 

 

 

Trainings Attended 

 

Title Organised by Duration (days)  

 

Oracle Solaris 11 System 

Administration 

Wipro Technologies 5 

Oracle Solaris 11 ZFS Administration Wipro Technologies 3 

Oracle Solaris 11 Zones Administration Wipro Technologies 4 

Oracle Enterprise Manager Ops Center 

12c Administration 

Wipro Technologies 5 

Oracle ZFS Storage Appliance 

Administration 

Wipro Technologies 4 

ITIL (Information Technology 

Infrastructure Library)  

Wipro Technologies  2 

L1 shell scripting training    Wipro Technologies 2 

 

 

Personal Details 

 

Full Name   Melroy Sajon Mascarenhas 

Date of Birth   08/03/1992 

Marital Status               Unmarried 

E-Mail Id melroymascarenhas@rocketmail.com 

Linkedin Profile https://www.linkedin.com/in/melroy-mascarenhas-b609a33a/ 

Permanent Home Location     Mapusa, Goa-403507, India. 

Passport number K1755077 

Validity of Passport 03/08/2022 

Hobbies Keen interest in R&D of critical problems, Music. 

Strengths                       Love to work, Confident and Punctual. 

 

 

Declaration 

 

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.    

 

Melroy Sajon Mascarenhas 

mailto:melroymascarenhas@rocketmail.com

	Roles and Responsibilities:

