














































 
Farid Sorathiya 
 
farid.sorathiya@gmail.com 
 
+918511783493  
 
 

Experience Summary: 
 

 Having 1.3 year of experience as .Net developer with deep understanding of client side 
technologies like JQuery, CSS3, HTML5, AJAX with Entity Framework and back-end 
technologies like MS SQL Server.




 Knowledge of SQL Server in creating tables, stored procedures... etc.
 Good team player, strong interpersonal and communication skills combined with self-

motivation, ability to think outside the box.


 

Qualification: 
 

Examination 
Board/University 

Year of 
Grade Class 

Passed Completion    

BE GTU 2015 
9.20(7.52 

CGPA) First 

HSC GSHSEB 2011 67.53 First 

SSC GSHSEB 2009 76.92 First 
     

 

 

Professional Experience 
 

Company Designation 
  

Ingenious Infotech Jr. Software Engineer 
  

 
 

 

 

Technical Skills: 
 

Technologies Object Oriented Programming Concepts , ASP.NET MVC, C#, JQuery, 

 HTML5, CSS,LINQ, Entity Framework and MS SQL 
  

Tools Visual Studio 2015/2017, SQL Server Management Studio,Source Tree. 
  

Database MS SQL Server 2016 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
Last Updated: July 2018  

mailto:fezal.halai@gmail.com


 

Project Summary: 
 

Title Partner Carrier 
  

Description 

This is US-Canada based transport company web application.User can 
search transport company and get details from that. 
In that, i have created admin and user side.From admin side we can 
manage admin users, and all registered transport companies, which we 
want to display in user side. 
In User side it has a  5 pages, such a name as Homepage, statepage, 
citypage,companypage and map view page. 
I have used google map api for map view page.User can also search 
companies on map. 
Whole website is responsive and user friendly. 

  

Technology ASP.NET MVC, C#, MS SQL, Entity Framework, AJAX, JQuery, Javascript, 

 CSS3, HTML5. 
  

 
 
 
 

Title eStore 
  

Description 

This is one type of ecommerce website for baby gift store.In that we 
have created admin and user side. 
from adminside we can manage admin users, customers, currency, 
products,product option,order, product review...etc 
User side created dynamically from admin side. 

  

Technology ASP.NET MVC, C#, MS SQL, Entity Framework, AJAX, JQuery, Javascript, 

 CSS3, HTML5. 
  

 

 
 

Title Ingenious Web (Ingenious Infotech) 
  

Description 

 This is Our Company Website.A whole website is created dynamically.in  
that i have created Admin SIde(CMS)and User side. 
In admin side, it  stores or modified the information of admin users , 
Testimonials, Blogs, Projects, Company Information,Page wise 
reports,did you knows, newsletters, contact us information and display 
it into user side dynamically. 

 
 

  

Technology 
ASP.NET(MVC), C#, MS SQL, Entity Framework, AJAX, JQuery, 
Javascript, 

 CSS3, HTML5. 
  

 
 
Last Updated: July 2018 



 

Title US Based Project (Victim Notify) 
  

Description 

This is a child part of US government project , in this we have 6 page 
Victim application form which is dynamically generated form. Victim 
has to submit his information with the all information like property 
loss,  and print out on their mail and store this information in the 
database. 

  
  

Technology ASP.NET MVC, C#, MS SQL, Entity Framework, JQuery, Javascript, 

 CSS3, HTML5. 
  

 
 
 
 
 

 

Personal Details: 
 

Name 
 

Date Of Birth 
 

Marital Status 
 

Language Known 
 

Nationality 
 

Residence 

 

: Farid Sorathiya  
 

: 01-07-1994 
 

: Single 
 

: English, Hindi, Gujarati 
 

: Indian 
 

: Sahigara Colony, 
 

Bhalka Road, 
 

Veraval, 
 

Gujarat, India - 362265. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Last Updated: July 2018   


