















































Page 1 of 5 
 

PRADEEP CHANDRA DAS – Analytics Manager 

 
Contact No.:  9008435771                                                                                               E-Mail:  Pradeep_ch_das@yahoo.com 

    
Professional Experience 
 

 

 Working in Tata Global Beverages Ltd (TGBL) as Global BI manager and responsible for working 

with key business stakeholders (director, manager, Sr. managers and business area head) to 

design and develop backend data model in BW & develop dashboard in SAP Design Studio for 

different SBU(Strategic business Units). 

 

 

 Developing and implementing plans for improving business intelligence in the organization. 

 

 Working with business stakeholders to define business KPI’s and develop semantic layers in 

the project on different KPIs.  

 

 Working with database administrators to ensure that databases feeding the reporting 

platforms are tuned for optimal performance of the frontend reports & backend queries. 

  

 End to end ownership for BI, BO & BPC support, Implemented Incident & CR work flow to 

manage complete support system for India, UK, USA and Australia.  

 

 20+ years of experience in Information Technology, Ten years of developer experience in Oracle 

8i,Ten Years’ experience in SAP BI (SAP BW 3.x,SAP BI 7.0) and ABAP/4,three  years’ experience 

in  BPC , BO  , IP , (Integrated planning) ,  Design studio , PL SQL   which includes full life cycle 

implementations and SAP Industry Solutions. 

 

 Complete project E2E delivery & implementation for Tea Buying department in Oracle and BI ,( 

successfully implemented  in three countries ),  STP (Short term planning ) in BI &  IP , BPC 

Automation, Primary & Secondary sales, Logistics tracking , COPA, Buying & Blending  KPI 

Dashboards in Design Studio,   BI Up gradation from 7.0 to 7.3, BO Implementation. 

 
 Experienced in all the phases of application development projects including business requirements, 

functional design, high and low level design, testing, implementation, legacy application 

transformation with complex landscape and performance optimization in very large data warehouses.   
 
 

Project Management Activities: 

 Estimated cost of the project and tracked expense throughout the life 
of the project. 

 Planning. 

 Created and implemented cost-effective solutions 

 Project tracking. 

 Managing budget and expenses of an account. 

 Resource allocation and architecture design. 

 Mentoring. 
 
 
 

mailto:Pradeep_ch_das@yahoo.com


Page 2 of 5 
 

SAP Skills  

 
• HANA Skills  
• Created Users, Roles, privileges, 

Packages, Schemas as part of HANA 
Security and development 

• Designed and implemented SAP HANA 
data modeling using Attribute View, 
Analytic View, and Calculation View. 

• Developed complex SQL scripts in 
Calculation views 

• Executed Data Extraction Transfer 
Loading (ETL) using SAP Data Services 
4.0 to import csv files into SAP HANA 
tables to reflect exchange live rates 
application 

• Involved in SAP HANA Security 
including User Management, Roles, 
and Privileges 

• Reporting, Accessing Analytical and 
Calculation views from EXCEL. 

• Involved in Information Design Tool 
Creation of Data Foundation, Universe 
for HANA reporting. 

PL SQL  
• Stored Procedure, triggers, 

function and packages Views in 
oracle 8i, 9. 
 

BI Development 
• Custom BI Info providers 
• Transformations/DTPs 
• Start/Expert Routines  
• Process Chains  
• Custom BI Authorizations.  
• Legacy source systems. 
• Custom Extractors. 
• Virtual Info providers. 
• Performance Tuning. 
• Analysis Process Designer. 
• Integrated Planning. 
• Activation, enhancements 

& Installation of Business 
Content for ECC modules 
like SD, FICO, MM, PP and 
QM. 

• deployment & load plans, 
cutover tasks in staging, QA 
and production system 

• OLTP Extraction from SAP 
R/3 into BW, BI Modeling & 
Reporting 

 

SAP Functional 
Skills  
• SD 
• MM 
• COPA 
• FI/CO 
• Knowledge of 

QM & PP 

 
BOBI Reporting 
• Query 

Designer.  
• BEX Analyzer.  
• BEX Web.  

• WEBI. 

ABAP Development  
• Custom Transactions.  
• Screen Enhancements. 
• Interface Development.  
• Data Dictionary objects.  
• ALV Interfaces.  
• SAP Script/Smart Forms. 
•  ABAP objects using Reports 

(Classical, Interactive, and 
ALV), SAP Queries, Data 
Dictionary, Dialog 
Programming, BDC 
(Conversions, Interfaces). 
Worked in SAP SCRIPTS, 
SMARTFROMS worked in 
Enhancements (User Exits). 

BPC 
• Integration of BI and BPC. 

 

 
Occupational Contour 
 
  

 22-May-2000 To Till date  TATA Global Beverages Limited, Bangalore  , Global BI Manager  TBB Analytics SME 
 

 01-Jan-1997 To 01-May-2000 Sonar Infosys Limited, New Delhi, Software Executive. 
 

 

Career progression 
 

 

2012 to present  Tata Global Beverages Ltd Global BI Manager 

2007 to 2012 Tata Global Beverages Ltd Deputy Manager 

2001 to 2007 Tata Global Beverages Ltd Assistant Manager 

2000 to 2001 Tata Global Beverages Ltd System Executive 

1995 to 2000 Sonar Infosys Pvt. LTD System Engineer 

  
 

Academic Credentials  
  

• MBA (Systems) from Jabalpur University Kolkata (J.U), West Bengal, India. 
• B.COM (Bachelor of Honors Degree in Commerce- 1989) from Utkal University, Orissa, India.  

 



Page 3 of 5 
 

 
 

IT Credentials:  
 
 
SAP BI 7.3 Education certified. 
 
• Diploma in Computer Programming from Megabyte Computer Academy. Bhubaneswar, Orissa, India 
• Diploma in UNIX, C, Developer 2000 with Oracle from Lakotia Computer Academy .New Delhi, India. 

CIC (Certificate in Computing) from Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi, India. 
 

Projects Managed & Implemented: 

 
Tata Global Beverages LTD May 2000 – Till Date  
 

Project:   STP (Short Term Planning) Australia. 
Team Size: 8 
 

Project Description: 

The short Term Planning is the Sales Forecast is based on expected dispatch of product to the Customer; 

the Sales Forecast drives both production planning and Financial LE. The sales team forecasts on a 4-4-5 

basis, 13 weeks out, then by period (12 period rolling) and financial evaluation is in ‘Calendar’ format (445 

is converted to Calendar).The SAP Bex Analyzer, SAP portal and SAP BI integrated planning (IP ) are used 

in this solution to forecast the ‘Base’ Volumes. 

 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

 Responsible for end to end Project execution  

 Involved in Business Blueprinting, Gap Analysis, Solution Designing, Data Modeling, ETL, Report 

Designing and Development, Production, deployment/Support and End-User Training. 

 Developed custom function modules to utilize ECC security roles to drive BI authorization 

eliminating the need for redundant role assignment in BI.  

 Creation of real time cube, Aggregates, Planning functions, planning sequence.  Creation of 

queries. 

 Unit Testing, Technical review all development by contractor.  

 Analyzed Created & Reviewed Transport strategy during Cut-over activities & communicated the 

same with SAP Basis Team.  

 Worked with SAP Security team & Business to identify Security Matrix for Reports. 

 Worked with Production Support team for performance Improvements of loads/Reports by creating 

Aggregates, Indexes for lookup & parallel processing of loads. 

 Worked on various minor and major enhancements projects for existing BW Reports across 

modules. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 4 of 5 
 

 
 
Project:  BPC Automation Process for India and UK 
Team Size:  10 
 

Project Description: 

 

BW model is to extract Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss and Functions Overheads from SAP FI/CO modules of 

both the Indian and UK SAP instances (and associated legal entities), stage and aggregate the 

transactional data in BW and provide a data source from which SAP BPC can pull the TB data records into 

the consolidation model. 

 
Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

 Responsible for developing BI data models and designs. 

 Configuring custom and delivered content BI objects, analyzing BI reporting requirements, 

developing detailed reporting specifications.  

 Manages client team and works closely with the partner project manager on a day-to-day basis to 

ensure plan, activities, deliverables, and resources are monitored effectively. 

 Working to improve and enhance the BPC data load processes. 

 

 
Project:   BO Project Support 
Team Size:   3  

 
Project Description: 

 
Evaluation of the existing SAP BI model and enhancements in the same to capture the base measures for Buying 

Efficiency KPI. Building a data mart and logic that captures all information related to the identified KPIs. Develop KPI 

Dashboard and exception Reports in SAP BW and BO including following KPIs. TGB Auction Buying Efficiency KPI, 

Competitor (Company) Buying Efficiency KPI, Private Buying Efficiency KPI, Forward Contract Buying Efficiency KPI. 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

 
 Used Information Design Tool (IDT) to create universes as an extension of existing BO reports. 

 Worked with SAP BO, BI, Basis, and R/3 teams and involved in providing integrated solutions 
 Worked with SAP Basis team and installed Integration Kit for SAP XI, Java Connectors 2.1.8,3.x, 

authenticated SAP BI systems in Business Objects Central Management Console (CMC) 
 Modified BW queries in to generate WEBI reports in BO to meet user requirements. 

 Created and enhanced the reports by creating dashboards. 

 Created connections to BEx queries and BW Info providers using Business Intelligence Consumer Services (BICS) in 
IDT 

 Developed UAT plans and test case scenarios to guide the focus group of key end-users in testing 
the user interface 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Page 5 of 5 
 

Project:   BI Upgradation from 7.0 to 7.3 
Team Size:   4  
 
Project Description: 

 

To implement the BI/BW upgrade from 7.0 to 7.3. 

 
Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

 Unit Testing: Test each and every object, data loads, custom solutions, designs. 

 Integration Testing: Enterprise level testing of all objects, integrating systems, processing of data 

and reports. 

 Security Testing : Positive and Negative testing , role based testing 

 Performance Testing : Test of data loads, mimic regular day and week 

 User Acceptance Testing: UAT was done in two ways: 

 Data testing – Data Validation on reports. 

 BW Functionality Testing – Confirm upgraded functionality blends well with existing live reporting 

system. 

 

 

 

Project:    TDIPS  
Team Size:   3  
 

Project Description: 

 
Tea buying software solely developed and implemented all India and Tata Global Beverages is buying, 102 

million Kgs of tea. 

 

Roles & Responsibilities 

 Responsible for end to end Project execution & Involved in Business Blueprinting, Gap Analysis, 

Design and Development. 

 Led the Solution Designing, Data Modeling, ETL, Front-end screen designing, Report Designing and 

Development, Production, deployment/Support and End-User Training. 

 Give technical training and assistance to the business users. 

 

 

Sonar Infosys Pvt. LTD, May 1995 - April 2000 
System Engineer 

 

Roles & Responsibilities 
  

 Designed and developed financial solution with a team of 10 members.  

 Development was handled using Oracle, D2K and Oracle Database Designer. 

 Involved in Backend design of tables, trigger forms and report for the complete solution. 

 Also same solution was enhanced to capture Thai Borada requirements. 

 

Personal Details 

Present Address     : Unitech Heritage Estate, Block-14, Door No-904,    

Yelhanka, Bangalore-560064   

    Languages     : English, Hindi and Oriya 

     Passport Details:  Passport No – G2680734 Valid Upton – 15-Aug-2023 


