















































Curriculum Vitae

Sunita Bansode
Cell: 9657279753. E-Mail: sunitabansode123@gmail.com
  Objective





                 

                                     

  

Seeking career in Application Development with a reputed organization in Software Industry to establish a career in the application development domain wherein I can prove my inherent strengths and contribute meaningfully in challenging situations. I wish to establish a mutually beneficial relationship with the organization I work in.
 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 











                     

Total 2.8 years of experience in development of business applications using Client Server Applications and Internet technologies.

1. Experience in developing Client Server applications and Web technologies using C#, VB.NET, ASP. Net, Ajax, Java            Script, Html 

2.  Experience of working in the complete Software development life cycle involving design, documentation, 
development, testing and maintenance.
3. Experience in ADO.Net

4. Experience in ASP.Net Web-Applications 

5. Exposure to .NET framework 2.0 and .NET framework 3.5
6. Knowledge in developing reports using Crystal Report. 
7. Hand on experience in developing back end programming by using SQL Server 2005.

SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE

Microsoft Technologies      :
ASP.NET 2.0, ASP.NET 3.5, ADO.Net
Programming Languages   :
C#, VB.NET, C, C++                                              

Web Technologies              :
ASP.Net, HTML, Javascript, Web Services, Windows Services.  

Web Server                         :
IIS         

Scripting Languages          :        Javascript, Ajax             

Databases                          : 
SQL Server 2005.

Reporting Tool                   :        Crystal Reports
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY











 
1. Working as Jr. Software Engineer in ShawMan Software Pvt. Ltd., Pune from 14th Dec 2009 to till date.

2. Worked as Software Engineer in Colayer Web Conversations Ltd., Pune from 6th Sep. 2004 to 9th June 2005.
  EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION





                 



 

· Passed M.C.S. from Nowrosjee Wadia College, University of Pune in 2003 with Higher Second Class.

· Passed B.C.S. from Nowrosjee Wadia College, University of Pune in 2001 with First Class.

· Passed H.S.C. from Maharastra Board in 1998 with First Class.

· Passed S.S.C. from Kendriya Vidyalaya, C.B.S.E. in 1996 with Distinction First Class.

 CURRENT EMPLOYER











 

ShawMan Software Pvt. Ltd. , Pune  www.shawmansoftware.com 

Jr.Software Engineer (14 Dec 2009 till date)
ShawMan Software Pvt. Ltd is a CMMi Level 3 company having Microsoft as Gold Partner, IBM as Business Partner and Intel as Software Partner. It’s into development of software’s in Hospitality & Food Service Industry, Retail, CRM, CFS, Knowledge Industry (HRIS, Payroll), SAAS and Hardware.
WORK EXPERIENCE












                    

Company
 : ShawMan Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune.

Project Name
 : ShawLink Intelligence Tool


         

Team Size
 :  4
Language
 : ASP.NET using vb.net, web service, windows service, Ajax and SQL Server 2005

Description
 : This is a Web based application; it is designed to read data from any Source and Export it in any type       
of file format. The generated file format may be text, XML, DBF, excel or may be saved in the 
database.  It also has powerful features like: 
· Scheduling the export routine 
· Grouping the data sources
· File naming convention
· Storing generated File to user specified or prompt user to save the system generated file
· Roll back feature for file format
· Day wise file generation
· System maintains log of exported data as well as the exported log
Responsibility    : 

· Execute unit testing for the functionality developed.
· Development with respect to requirement specifications.

· Follow best practices while coding.
· Publish Application and get tested from QCC.
· Client interaction.
· Understand the Requirements from client and make the changes in the software one time settings, approve it from qcc.
Company
 :  ShawMan Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune.

Project Name
 :  SPA Management System


Team Size
 :  4
Language
 :  ASP.NET using vb.net, Ajax, Crystal Reports and SQL Server 2005

Description
 :  Spa system is designed to automate the appointment diary for enabling users to provide quick 
appointments to customers thereby enhancing the service level. 


The system also has the Call Center mode for taking appointments for each outlet. Also, the 
whole module revolves around the Lead / Appointment, Appointment Diary and Follow up. 

     The Lead / Appointment contain features:-

· Take new appointment for any date / time range 

· Rescheduling of the reservations for date / room.

· Cancellation / Reinstate of any reservation 

· Check Availability for the particular appointment
Responsibility   : 

· Execute unit testing for the functionality developed.
· Development with respect to requirement specifications.
· Follow best practices while coding.
· Publish Application and get tested from QCC.
· Client interaction.
Company
 :  Colayer Web Conversations Ltd., Pune.
Project Name
 :  Cyte, ESICM, colayer.com
Team Size
 :  4

Language
 :  C, C++, .NET, HTML, DHTML, Javascript and XML
Duration 
 :  9 months
Role

 : Software Engineer (6th Sep. 2004 to 9th June 2005)

Description
 :  

During my tenure at Colayer, I have worked on technologies C, C++, .NET, HTML, DHTML, Javascript and XML. I have worked on assignments comprising of 1) development of project like Colayer’s new collaborative platform ‘Colayer 1.1’ 2) working on project modules, which include Client-to-Server data communication. I was also responsible as a technical head for Cyte product. I have also successfully implemented the projects namely 1) ESICM and 2) colayer.com. I was also involved in training the graduate engineering trainees for company’s Cyte product and Cyte related projects.
INDUSTRIAL TRAINING
Company
 
:  National Informatics Centre (NIC), Pune.

Project Name
 
:  Online Charter Single Window System

Team Size
 
:  4

Language
 
:  JSP, HTML, JavaScript and MS SQL Server 7.0.

Duration 
 
:  6 months
Role

 
: Project Trainee (Jan 2003 – June 2003) 



Description
 
:  

A web based application, which provides various facilities provided by corporation standing at a single counter/window, basically a Citizen Facilitate Center and got ‘A’ Grade for the project. During industrial training, I worked on technologies like JSP, HTML, JavaScript and MS SQL Server 7.0.

  PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES











 

Name
:  Sunita Bansode 

Date of Birth             :  4th Jan 1984. 

Languages known
:  English, Marathi, Hindi.

Permanent Address
:  A2/201, Ganga Orchard,Pingle Wasti, Mundwa Road, Pune .
Contact No.                :
Cell: 9657279753
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Thanking You.

Date:  __ /__ /2011                                  

Place:   Pune.

                                                 


     

           

Yours Faithfully,

Sunita Bansode
