















































Bhawna Gupta 
 +919901377760,   bhawnagupta.ba@gmail.com, Bangalore, INDIA 

 www.linkedin.com/in/bhawna-gupta-data-analysis 
 
Career Objective: 
 
Bring value to the Businesses by leveraging experience of turning data into actionable insights and offer 
competitive advantage to the business. Experience of statistical tools and statistical methods for analysis 
with domain knowledge in Banking, Insurance and Healthcare. Project management and Quality 
Assurance experience adds value to my work. 
 
Summary: 
 
7+ Years of IT Experience. 4+ Years in Providing data-driven, action-oriented solutions to the businesses 
via Data Analytics and Statistical Data Modelling Techniques. Prior experience in web based and 
Database Quality Assurance. 
 
Experience  in  Data  Preparation,  Data Transformation and Summarization and Data Visualization. Big 
Data Analytics – Hadoop Ecosystem and Tableau for Data Visualization. 
 
Data Analytics Tools/Languages – SAS Studio,  SAS  Enterprise  Guide,  R  Studio, Tableau,  SQL,  
Microsoft  Office  –  Excel, Access & PowerPoint. 
 
Experience – Currently working with TechMahindra as Advanced Anaytics Lead in Healthcare Project – 
ViiV Healthcare Marketing Analytics Team. Analyze the factors fuelling the growth of the Market, providing 
Competitor analysis and help business with Key data driven decision making to develop Marketing 
strategies for the Organization. 
 
Previously worked with Linkedin, EXL Services, Accenture Services, Tata Consultancy Services and 
Ozone Electronics Pvt. Ltd. 
 
Domain  –  Banking,  Insurance  and Healthcare. 

 

Professional Experience: 
 
1. TechMahindra Jan 2017 – Till Date 
 
Project with ViiV Healthcare (Marketing Analytics) 
 
Healthcare Project - Analyze the factors fueling the growth of the Market of Drugs for HIV, providing 
Competitor analysis and help business with Key data driven decision making to develop Marketing 
strategies for the Organization.  
 
Tools Used: SAS, Tableau, Teradata 
 
2. Akraya Sep 2016 – Dec 2016 
 
Project with Linkedin, Bangalore – For Sales Effectiveness 
 
Worked on Data Driven Sales Coaching, to increase productivity for Sales Reps at Linkedin, relating 
sales skills to the performance of the organization. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 

 Run analysis, build data visualizations and help create new processes and tools designed to 
support a Data-Driven Sales organization.  

 

mailto:bhawnagupta.ba@gmail.com


 Define the processes and tools used to influence and measure learning and behavior of sales 
population.   

 Run correlation analysis and derive insights connecting sales skills to performance.  
 

 Assist building a comprehensive approach to increasing productivity for sales representatives at 
LinkedIn.  

 
Tools Used: R Studio, Data Mining and Visualization using Tableau 
 
3. EXL Services – Inductis Apr 2014 – Oct 2014 
 
Project with DBS for cards 
 

 Creating Reports and Dashboards using SAS EG for Cards and Unsecured Loans Portfolio(To 
name few dashboards prepared – Sales Productivity, Debit Cards, Credit Cards, Business 
Review, Unsecured Loans, Balance Transfer and Instalment Loans, Key Performance Indicators)   

 Presenting summary of Analysis in MS Excel. Also used MS Excel SAS Add-in. 
Responsible for Quality Assurance of Deliverables and Resolving Adhoc queries.  

 
 Updating Reports Tracker, Updating Service Level Agreement Tracker for items delivered, Attend 

weekly meeting.  
 
Project 2: Jan 2013 – July 2013 
 
Project with CITI Bank for Credit Card portfolio 
 
Risk management, Customer Acquisition, Customer Retention, Strategy and Development 
 

 Have Support strategy building in different risk concepts within card and customer assets viz, 
Customer Acquisition, Approve/Decline, Limit Table(Credit line increase, credit line decrease), 
Line Management and Portfolio Performance Analysis.   

 Use of SAS/Base, SAS/Macros, SAS/Stat, SAS/EG, SAS/SQL, SAS/ODS, Teradata as 
Database (Using UNIX Environment)  

 
4. Accenture, Bangalore Jan 2010 – Aug 2011 
 
Project with Bank of America (Referral Reporting) 
 

 Have supported business with Referral Reports for Annual, Quarterly, Monthly Reports 
for different lines of Businesses – GWIM, GCB, GCS, GCIB and GTO.  

 Used SAS as ETL Tool for extracting data and providing summary level of information to business.  
 Used SQL and Teradata database to query data.  

 
5. Tata Consultancy Services April 2007 to Dec 2009 
 
Project-1 Title: CVS Pharmacy – TPMS, (United States) 
 

 Understanding requirements and complete business flow of CVS stores 
Developing Test cases, Test execution and query building in SQL.  

 Involved in Quality Assurance of the deliverables.  
 
Project-2 Title: Carphone Warehouse, (United Kingdom) 
 

 Understanding business requirements.   
 Involved in Business Intelligence project – mobile.co.uk – comparing mobile phone deals made 

easy.   
 Test application on - Extraction of claims information of different types (theft, damage or loss). 

Analyze and report fraudulent claims. Analyze customer account details received from banks.   



 Tool – SQL/MS Excel  
 
6. Ozone Electronics Private Limited June 2006 - March 2007 
 
Project Description:  
Ozone Electronics is manufacturer of Pollution Checking Machines – Smoke Meter, Gas Analyser.  
 
Responsibilities:  

 Responsible for handling Production and Stores Activities.  
 Ensuring Timely deliverables, Production Flow and Stores Management.  
 Ensuring Quality of Product at each Stage of Production adhering to Quality Standards.   
 Managing sales team and team engaged in troubleshooting machines under warranty or for 

machines without warranty.   
 Plan, Buy and Manage the inventory of assigned Categories of 

product Demand planning  
 
Business Analytics and Intelligence at IIM Bangalore 
 
Data Visualization and Interpretation Retail Analytics 

 

Data Preparation and Data Imputation Big Data Analytics : Hadoop Ecosystem and 
 

Predictive Analytics: Tableau  
Advanced Analytics II: Analytics in Finance and 

 

Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, 
 

Clustering, Decision Trees Insurance Six 
 

Times Series Forecasting Sigma, Game Theory 
 

Optimization Analytics  
 

Stochastic Models (Marketing and Retail Project with IIM Bangalore – Go to Marketing  
Strategy for Pharmaceutical Industry. Did  

Analytics) 
 

forecasting of sales for next 3 months using  45  
Advanced Analytics I: Market Research and 

 

months of  Sales Data 
 

 

Education  

 
Online Courses:  ‘Data Science with R’ from Jigsaw Academy, Bangalore - Sep, 2016 

Education: Executive Education Program in Business Analytics and Intelligence from IIM 
 Bangalore (July 2011 – July 2012) 

 Post Graduate Diploma in Management from IGNOU (December 2015) 

 Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering (June 
 2003 – June 2006) from Punjab Technical University in 75%. 

 Diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering (June 2000 – June 2003) 
 from Himachal Technical Education Board in 72%. 
  


