















































http://bit.ly/infoworld


DHINESH RAVI

Email: ravim.dhinesh@gmail.com				               Mobile: +91-9677246741

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To work for a reputed organization by expressing my knowledge and skills, coordinating with the team, updating myself and contributing my challenging role in the success of the organization.

PROFESSIONAL TRAITS 
 
· Skilled in web development with nearly 3 years of hands-on experience in developing web applications and mobile web components using Java Script frameworks.
· Have worked in all the mobile control components and developed new controls such as Accordion, Menu, Dialog and Toolbar. 
· Created the Web application which fully relies on AngularJS for the Toyota Project (Demand Forecast Maintenance)
· Possesses sound technical and analytical skills. 
· Able to work full time and having passion for writing clean, understandable and optimized code.
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
· Web Technologies      : HTML5, CSS3, Java Script
· Frameworks                : jQuery, Angular JS, .NET

WORK EXPERIENCE
Syncfusion Software Inc. : 2nd May 2014 to 27th May 2016.
Cognizant Technology Solutions: 30th May 2016 to [Till Date]
 
Domain Expertise  
Web development                 : 30th May 2016 to [Till Date] 

1. Demand Forecast Maintenace(Toyota)

Summary:
Demand forecast is an estimation of the market demand for the upcoming procurement month at an individual accessory (part number) level and is generated using advanced statistical forecasting models/tools. The model considers various factors like historical demand, seasonality, trends, part age etc. to estimate market demand.

Worked as a Front end developer using AngularJS framework. Have to develop the module based on the Wireframe and use case document with zero escalation. Analyze on the requirement and develop the same within the timeframe provided.
 
2. Mobile Controls Development
Product Name:		Mobile JS 
Duration:			         May 2014 – May 2016
Project Role:	Developer
Environment:	Visual studio 
Technologies:	HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AngularJS
Project Management tool:	Tortoise SVN
Team Size:	9
Summary: 	
Mobile JS product provides high performance mobile web controls that are mainly used in Mobile Site and Mobile Application development. And Mobile JS controls give different UI experience across different mobile platforms (IOS, Android and Windows Phone). 


ACADEMIC PROFILE 

B.E.(E.C.E.) – Gojan School of Business and Technology. 7.6CGPA
Higher Secondary – Kaligi Ranganathan Montford Matrc School. – 81.8%
High School – Thangam matriculation School – 86.86% 
 
PERSONAL PROFILE 

	Father’s Name 	 : 
	Ravi V

	Date of Birth 	: 
	12 June 1992

	Gender 	 	: 
	Male 

	Address 
	 	: 
	15/39, Subbrayan 4th street,
Nammalwarpet,
Chennai – 600012.

	Languages Known : 
	Tamil, English. 

	Nationality  	: 
	Indian. 

	Phone No  	: 
	+91 9677246741

	

	

	
	


DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.  
Date:  	Yours Faithfully, 
Place: Chennai                     	Dhinesh R                                                          
