















































n 

 

Vishwadeep Gautam 
Data Scientist 

Decision Point Analytics, 

Sector-53, Gurgaon, 122003 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Machine Learning  

           
Data Visualization                                        

           
Modelling 

 
Statistics  

 

Python & Excel 

 

Time Series Analysis 

 

NLP & R 

 

 

 

 

 

Problem Solving  

 

Critical Thinking 

 

Interpersonal Skills 

 

Creativity  

 

Team Management 

 

Personal Info 

Advanced 

Basic 

+91 9760833791 

gauty.iitr@gmail.com 

Phone     

LinkedIn 

github.com/iVishwadeep 

GitHub 

Advanced 

Advanced 

Soft Skills 

Advanced 

Advanced 

Intermediate 

linkedin.com/in/vishwadeep-gautam-

ab155167 

Data scientist with demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via data 

analytics and advanced data-driven methods. Adapted data science skills in 

researching, retrieving, pre-processing, interpreting and analysing data. Able to 

leverage of machine learning, mathematics and applied statistics for 

visualization, exploration, modelling. 

Email 

Profile 

Data Scientist 
Decision Point Analytics, Gurgaon                June-2017 - Present  

 
Turkey RED Impact Analysis:  
Developed multivariate regression-based methodology in python to calculate the 

impact of KPI on total sales and most impactful KPI was recognised which can 

be put on priority focus to produce better returns. 

 

CCAR Outlet Cooler productivity:  
Created a machine learning based framework to isolate cooler(fridge) driven 

increment in volume for one of the top beverage organization by using decision 

tree and time series analytics. 

 

Sales Recommender Systems: Developed a sales recommender system based 
on “Product correlation” and “Customer look like” using collaborative filtering in 

python. 

 

Kazakhstan Structural Equation Modelling:  
Worked on Structural Equation Modelling in R to identify the brand image 

attributes that have an impact on Brand Love Score (BLS) for one of the top 

beverage organization. 

Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee, India.           2012-17 
Integrated Master of Science Degree in Applied Mathematics 

❖ Excelled in machine learning, statistics and optimization techniques. 
❖ Completed project named “Predicting mobile user emotion from 

finger”. Aim of project was to make systems more responsive to users’ 

needs and expectations. 

❖ Proposed an algorithm under project entitled “Fuzzy multi objective 
linear programming for TSP” using fuzzy logic and multi-objective 

linear programming. 

❖ Awarded with the Summer Undergraduate Research Award (SURA), 
2015 for the project on “Bivariate Bernstein-Schurer-Kantorovich 

Type operators based on q-integers.” 

Coursera online platform 
❖ Machine learning by Andrew NG 
❖ Applied Machine learning in Python by University of Michigan. 
❖ Deep learning by Andrew NG (3 out of 5 courses)  

Intermediate 

Advanced 

Advanced 

Advanced 

Advanced 

Data Scientist Intern 
Entropik Technologies, Bengaluru                                Summer-2016 

❖ The objective of this internship was to predict user emotions based 
on their behaviour using smartphones and websites. Built various 

predictive models in python and compared the performance of the 

models using RoC curve. 

Internship 

Education 

Kaggle 

kaggle.com/igauty 

Experience 

Certification  

Hard Skills 

mailto:gauty.iitr@gmail.com
https://github.com/iVishwadeep
http://www.linkedin.com/in/vishwadeep-gautam-ab155167
http://www.linkedin.com/in/vishwadeep-gautam-ab155167
https://www.kaggle.com/igauty

