









































Viral Pavar

Lake view Society,O-2 , IIM Road, Vastrapur, Ahmedabad-380054, Contact No :- +91-9003160173 & 9377035509  Email Info: - Viral198797@gmail.Com
Profile Summary:- 

Having 5+ years of Professional Accounting experience with a good track record of accomplishment spanning. Highly motivated, self-confident, strong works ethics individuals.

Functional Areas are…

Cash and Bank book.

Bank Reconciliation.

General Ledger.

Debtors & Creditors Reconciliation.

Monthly provision.

Monthly Cost analysis 

Budget v/s actual Sales analysis.

Credit note & Debit note process.

3PL Accounting and MIS

Supervision of Branches accounting.

Education:-

Bachelors in Commerce 









Mar-2008

Gujarat University 
MBA :  Finance  & International Business       






Feb-2012                             

Gujarat Technical University 

Computer Skills :
Tally 

ERP – Logic factory & Transport Management System.

SAP 

Microsoft Office 

Professional Experience:-

DTDC Express Ltd, Bangalore                                                                               Aug 2015 to till date 

Accounts Executive 

Supervision of day to day Accounting activity of Branches through online system and Manual vouchers verification at Zonal office.

Follow up paid & topay outstanding with branches on daily basis.

Posting of vendor bill, Day to day collection entry and voucher entry in SAP.

Generation of BA bill through TMS and posting in SAP.

Monthly provision Payment creation through online payment mechanism. 

Preparation of Debit Note & Credit Note per Company Norms & Policy.

Preparation of Bank reconciliation statement.

Monthly P & L analysis region wise/customer wise. 

3 PL accounting and verification of Data

Knock off of AR & AP in SAP.

Processing payments by verifying relevant documentation and requesting disbursements as per payment schedule.

Control on Accounts payable and creditor’s scrutiny, Periodic vendor reconciliation/ Balance confirmation

Support to Zonal accounts Manager for Daily, weekly and monthly reporting.

Countrywide Logistics India Pvt Ltd, Ahmadabad                                           Nov-2013 to Mar 2015                       

Accounts Executive

Generating Cash Vouchers & Bank Vouchers and Posting the in system day to day basis.

Supervision of branches accounts & their functions.

Petty cash Management.

 Reconciliation of branches cash book and follow up for day to day accounting documents.

Posting of vendor bill, THC advance and Balance payment. 

Verification of Employee Reimbursement Expenses and Payments.

Bank Reconciliation, 

Conducting physical cash verification, vouching and ledger scrutiny.

Payroll entry in system.

Support to Finance Manager as worked assigned time to time .

Anand Rathi shares & Stock Brokers Ltd                                                     Aug2012 to Oct 2013                      

Relationship Manager 

Acquiring & servicing customers for Equity & Derivatives broking,

Suggest the best investment to client.

Dealing in equities, currency & commodities.

Vodafone ltd                                                                                           March 2009-Jun 2010
Worked as a Customer care Executive (In bound process)

Personal Details:-

Date of Birth           : 10th Oct1987

Nationality              :  Indian

Sex                          :  Male

Father’s Name        :  Mr.Prakashbhai

Marital Status         : Married 

Languages Known   : English, Hindi, Gujarathi, Marathi and Marawari 

Nationality              : Indian
                                                                                              (Viral Pavar)
