













































CURRICULUM VITAE

RAJIV SARDANA
H NO: 357A/12, Krishna Colony,

Gurgaon, Haryana 122001

+91-9911223017

ID: rajiv.12331@gmail.com
            Objective

A challenging position to utilize my skills and abilities in the organization that offers professional growth while being resourceful and innovative. 

Profile

Conceptually strong with a pioneering and logical approach to the work with an eye for detail. An open mind, with the ability to recognize, adjust to change, and willingness to learn new things and new ways

Capable of working in diverse and challenging environment with a high degree of flexibility, resourcefulness and commitment. 

Extremely articulate while transforming thoughts into actions.

Possess remarkable team spirit and the leadership qualities to drive the team towards a common goal

Professional Experience

Working with FLIPKART

       Working as a HR Business Partner                                                                    13.12.2018 to till date

Responsible for addressing employees Grievances and providing the resolution in given time frame
Responsible for Driving Employee Engagement activities which includes Birthday celebration and Fish Activities/ Stress buster activities
Conducting Town Hall and RNR Programs
Organizing events such as Independence Day celebration/ new year and Christmas parties in the company.
Planning/ Conducting Off site for On-roll employees with Business.
Responsible for completion of On-Boarding/ Off-Boarding of employees on time.
Monitoring Attrition and Absenteeism.
Processing Attendance/OT/ Night Shift Allowance of On-rolls and Off-rolls employees. 
Conducting Exit Interviews.
Weekly Meetings/ Discussions with Vendors for resolving vendor employees issues. 
Coordinating with Business to create and Implement HR plans as per the goals
Closely working on Assigned KRA’s
Followups with Talent Acquisition Teams to fill the gaps in terms of manpower.
Closely in touch with L&D team
Ensuring proper communication of Company/HR policies to off roll new joiners.
Responsible for Induction and orientation for On-roll employees.
 Preparing Monthly/ weekly/ Daily HR reports. 
RGL FLEXIBLE







        Worked as a Sr. HR Exec.                                      



13/04/2015 to 12/12/2017

Monitoring the attendance/ leave &ESI records of all employees & workers.
Coordinating with different units for the recruitment & attendance of employees.

Leaves and attendance management.

Handling employee Grievances
Undertaking Joining formalities (Documentation) of new Joiners and verifying the background of the new joiners by the previous organizations.

Handling all separation formalities like Resignation Acceptance, Relieving and experience letters etc. Preparing Full & Final Settlement after completion of all the formalities.

Budgeting the expense for general procurement.

Facilitate Mgt.-security, housekeeping etc.

Organizing the events.

Travel Management.

Keeping Check on Office Stationary and first Aid Items.

ENGINEER MECH INDIA PVT. LTD.







        Worked as HR Exec                          





09/05/2011 to 12/04/2015


Responsibilities

Coordination with Consultants for Manpower recruitment, giving them job description for new recruitment and to ensure from them to fulfill the requirement in particular time period.
Undertaking Joining formalities (Documentation) of new Joiners and verifying the background of the new joiners by the previous organizations.

Handling all separation formalities like Resignation Acceptance, Relieving and experience letters etc. Preparing Full & Final Settlement after completion of all the formalities.

Leaves and attendance management.

Grievance handling of the employees to maintain a healthy work environment and facilitating employee satisfaction.

Arranging the Birthday Parties, New Year Celebrations or any event into the office, to do the Travel Arrangements.

To issue Office Stationary, Data/Sim Cards, and Mobile Phones as per the requirement of the Employees.

Take care of House-keeping activities into the office.


 
Educational qualification
 M.B.A from ICFAI University (Full Time).

Bachelor in computer application from Kurukshetra University (Distance Learning).
Diploma in computers Hardware Maintenance & Networking from Sanlok Intitute of

Management & Information Technology.

10+2 From A.I.S.S.E Board.

             Personal details 
             Date of Birth                            : 10. Dec. 1983

   Nationality                               : Indian

   Languages known                   : English, Hindi 

   Fathers Name                          : Sh. Vishnu Sardana

   Father’s Occupation               : Authorized dealer of Videocon

Date:

Place: Gurgaon                                                         (Rajiv Sardana)  

