














































Maheshwari Channappa 

Nagavara, Bangalore, KA-560045|Mobile: 9900688112|Gmail ID: mayachannappa11@gmail.com 
 
Summary: 
HR Specialist with over all 3 years in recruiting, interviewing, training and public speaking. Highly responsible, 
organized and self-motivated. Results-oriented Human Resources Executive with broad experience in all areas of HR, 
including policy development, performance management, and benefits administration. Detail-oriented HR Specialist 
with excellent analytical skills and experience with benefits and payroll administration. 
 
Skills: 

 Microsoft Office 

 Recruitment/staffing 

 Benefits administration 

 Interviewing 

 Performance management systems 

 Payroll administrator 

 Training & development 

 Staff training/development 

 Human resources management 

 Employee scheduling 

 Consistently meet goals 

 
Education: 

 Master’s in Economics in Maharani’s Arts and Commerce College for Women, Mysuru, KA, India              2014 

 Bachelor’s in Arts in Mallamma Marimallappa Women's Arts and Commerce College, Mysuru, KA, India         2012 
 
Professional Experience: 
Utegration India Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru, KA                                               Feb 2017 – Aug 2018 
HR Specialist  

 Involved as a key resource in new hire orientation. 

 Maintained monthly turn-over report for US team and was responsible for daily and quarterly attendance report. 

 Maintained entire (AMS, Project, Product) bonus file. 

 Assisted the team with other human resources administration activities. 

 Coordinated an orientation program for all new employees, including an introduction to organization, staff and 
employee rules and responsibilities 

 Coordinated and scheduled interviews with interview panellists. 

 Developed key recruiting strategies.  

 Involved in Interviewing & screening applicants. 

 Maintained, coordinated, monitored and reported HR trends and issues.  

 Provided consistent communication to managers on the status of requisitions and candidates 

 Recorded and tracked applicants and process within the system 

 Supported the delivery of, and the compliance with HR policies, processes and local employment legislation for 
all employees 

 Utilized and keeping data up to date on available resources to deliver business objectives 

 Worked with department manager to fill internal positions and updated job descriptions and position 
requirements.  

 Worked with managers to source and screen applicants 

 Worked with staff to edit and maintain employee resume library 

 Handled exit process for the entire organization. 
 
Corporate Ladders, Bengaluru, KA                     Aug 2016 – Feb 2017 
Assistant Manager Human Resources  

 Meeting hiring managers to understand niche skill profiles. 

 Experienced in Volume/Mass Hiring and Niche Skill Hiring. 

 Proficient in recruiting candidates from all levels Junior Level to Senior Level. 

 Good experience in Campus Recruitment/ Off-Campus hiring. 

 Experience in IT and ITES Recruitment. 

 End to end recruitment: Sourcing, Staffing, and onboarding candidates. 

 Shortlisting candidates sourced through the portal (Naukri, Monster, Times jobs and LinkedIn) and validating 
them on their experience and interest in the role. 



 Identifying right candidates with the required Skillset and experience and make sure that it should match with 
the requirement as per the job 

 Client Handling, Salary Negotiation, Executive Hiring, Contract Recruitment, Team Management 

 Conducting HR round for the selected candidates and negotiating salaries on company standards 
 
AIMS HR Solutions, Bengaluru, KA                    Nov 2014 – July 2016 
Team Leader Human Resources 

 Meeting hiring managers to understand niche skill profiles. 

 Client Handling, Salary Negotiation, Executive Hiring, Contract Recruitment, Team Management. 

 Experienced in Volume/Mass Hiring and Niche Skill Hiring 

 Proficient in recruiting candidates from all levels Junior Level to Senior Level. 

 Good experience in Campus Recruitment/ Off Campus Hiring. 

 Experience in IT and ITES Recruitment. 

 Possess excellent communications and interpersonal skills. 

 End to end recruitment: Sourcing, Staffing, scoping, and onboarding candidates. 

 Shortlisting candidates sourced through the portal (Naukri, Monster, Times jobs and LinkedIn) and validating 
them on their experience and interest in the role 

 Identifying right candidates with the required Skillset and experience and make sure that it should match with 
the requirement as per the job 

 Conducting HR round for the selected candidates and negotiating salaries on company standards. 

 Promptly informing the rejected candidates about the reason for the rejections. 
 
Personal Strength:  

 Creative approach to design spaces.  

 Positive attitude.  

 Good listener.  

 Better understanding.  

 Maintain good relationship in business.  
 
Declaration:  
I do hereby declare that all the above information provided by me is correct to the best of my knowledge. I will look 
forward for your response.  
 
Date:                   Thanking you, 
Place:                    


