













































Shubhendu Ashutosh Mishra


 

   
 

ASHWANI SAHU 
M1402 Antariksh Golf View II sector 78 Noida – 201304                              
sahu.ashwani87@gmail.com,  Phone Number  #1: +91-9717532531, #2: +91-9971566640  

 

CARRER SUMMARY 

Reporting, Data manipulation and Analytics experience:-  7.5+ years of experience into SAS 

reporting, handling large data sets and analytics. Generating insights from data and using the same 

to drive potential opportunity      . 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Lead programmer Analyst – Wipro Technologies (Dec’10 – Present) : 
 Working on HR solutions , leading a team of 5 analyst 

 Accountable for 100% of Interfaces, Reporting, Processing jobs, and Product Currency 
Projects with quality and on time delivery. 

 Lead daily/weekly huddles and ensures to capture accurate status about projects. 

 Work with UM on backup planning as well as building pipeline 

 Actively participate in Transition client ( New implementation, Conversion out ) by 
partnership with other process owners 

 Ability to work on fairly complex technical assignments and ensuring the timely deliveries. 

 Extensive experience in coding with structured logic to be understood and easily maintained 
by others. 

 Create analysis for the updates required and share it with team 

 Perform various activities based on ETL 
 Create various reports using SAS and SQL to send latest data to client and for internal 

reviews 

 Reviews client requirements documents, interface layouts and any preliminary test plans. 

 Interprets the basic requirements of the team and then creating analysis to make the work 
automated. 

 Coaching/Mentoring new hires 

TECHNICAL SKILL 

 Base SAS, Advance SAS & SAS Macros, 

 SQL  

 JCL, COBOL. 

ACADEMICS 

 
 B. Tech, Computer Science and Engineering: Secured 61.00 % Aggregate in the Bundelkhand 

University JHANSI  in 2008 

CERTIFICATION/TRAININGS 

 Successfully completed 3 months training on IBM MAINFRAMES from Maples esm Technologies, 
Pune as IBM Mainframes trainee using technologies like: COBOL, JCL, VSAM, CICS, and DB2. 

 Base SAS Certified  

 Preparing for Advance SAS Certification.  

 


