





































                                        Abhijeet Panda       

Email:panda.abhi88@gmail.com


               Contact:+91- 89047-47426  
Professional Summary

1. Having 2+ years of extensive experience in developing  web based applications using J2EE Technologies like JSP, Servlets , Struts.
2. Have good knowledge of using various design patterns like Data Access Objects ( DAO ) , MVC, Singleton, Abstract Factory Method .

3. Experience in implementing various features like Validations and Internationalization using Struts Framework.
4. Exposure to OOPs and UML Techniques.
5. Having Knowledge  in  Hibernate.

6.  Extensive knowledge on using JSPs and Servlets to build Web GUIs for J2EE based Applications.

7. Experience of using various data base engines like Oracle 10g.

8. Experience of involving in a complete Software Development Life Cycle with knowledge on V-Model and Agile Methodologies. 

9.  Experience of documenting Use Case Documents and Technical Specification Documents.

Educational Qualification



· Passed B.Tech with 69 % from BPUT in Odisha, Intermediate with 52% and 10th with 63% of marks.  

Professional Experience 



· Working as a Software Engineer in i-Noesis Solutions ,  Bangalore  since  June – 2010  to  till date.
Technical Skills



	Programming Languages
	Java 5.0, C, C++,

	J2EE Technologies
	JSP 2.1, Servlets 2.4, JDBC 3.0,EL,JSTL,Custom Tags

	Web Technologies
	HTML4.0, CSS, Java Script

	Frameworks
	Struts1.2, Hibernate 3.0

	IDE
	Eclipse 3.4, Net Beans 7.0

	Databases
	 Oracle 10g

	Servers
	Tomcat6.0 ,Web logic 8.0

	Design Patterns
	MVC ,DAO ,Singleton.

	Tools
	WinMerge,Log4j,vss,ClearQuest

	Operating Systems
	Windows XP ,Windows 7



Projects Experience 



Project Title:  SCRUM STUDIO
Role:  Team Member
Description:  ‘Scrum Studio’ is web-based Scrum tool to support the agile Scrum software development process, it is a very simple tool that is designed to help team to keep track of things like project progress and resource utilizations. For scrum based Agile projects ,it provides tools to create project, to create individual plans for developers, and to track the progress during an iteration and to balance the work load of developers.
High level module of this tool are:

· iteration planning

· Create and organize new work items

· Reading and modifying work items

· Track the overall progress

· Plan vacation
Responsibilities: 
· Participated in the Process and Domain discussions.
· Involving in Designed and implemented user interface using Struts Framework.
· Doing Server side and client side validation .
· Involved in Code Review.

· Involved in bug fixing and production support.

Environment       :  Windows XP
 Technology         : Servlet, JSP, MVC, DAO, Java Bean, Oracle10g, Html, CSS, JavaScript
 Tools                    : Eclipse 3.4, VSS, Win Merge

 Server                  : Tomcat 6.0/Web Logic 8.0

Framework          : Struts1.2
 Team size            : 6

Duration               : Dec 2011- till date



Project Title: EMPLOYEE @ ORGANIZATION
Role:  Team Member
Description:                     
     It’s a web based project in the development of an enterprise's application organization for employee profile and vacation management. These have three modules employee, HR and manager. Employee can update his details like personal information, skill set and work experience and leave vacation history. Employee can raise request for training and can see his previous completed training details. Manager can see about employee information and his performance. Manager can accept or deny employee leave request and that would be informed to the employee.
Responsibilities: 
· Participated in the Process and Domain discussions.
· Involved in developing Controller (Servlet), View (JSP) and Model (Java Bean).

· Implemented required Database access using JDBC. 

· Involved in Code Review.
· Involved in bug fixing and production support.
Environment    :  Windows XP
 Technology     : Servlet, JSP, MVC, DAO, Java Bean, Oracle, Html, CSS, JavaScript
 Tools                : Eclipse 3.4, VSS, Win Merge

 Server              : Tomcat 6.0/Web Logic 8.0

Team Size         : 6
Framework      :Struts 1.2
Duration           : August 2010-Sept 2011


Strengths

· Good analytical skills, inter personal skills and cognitive mind set.
Achievements

· Awarded 1st for Electronics Puzzle during TechFest 2010.
Training

· Completed 1 week training on UML.

· Completed 2 weeks training on Struts and Hibernate.

Personal Details

Date of Birth                :   17th Jan 1988

Gender                          :   Male

Contact Address          :   #27, 8th Main ,2nd Cross, SBM Colony , Brindavan Nagar,      

                                            Mathikere, Bangalore.

Passport Number         :   J3052284.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Bangalore                                                                              Name : Abhijeet Panda
