








   
Name: Sumeet Chothani.
Email: Sumeet_chothani@yahoo.co.in / Sumeet.chothani@relianceada.com.
Phone: 91-9324055420
44/702 Fam Scty Sec-11 Koperkhairne Navi Mumbai-400709
  			        	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

1	Objective

Intend to be a creative part of organization using my knowledge & experience and to make more significant contribution to the organization. Develop new skills, abilities, and gain wisdom, which benefit the organization along with self-progression.

Career Profile: 

1	Leader with strong organizational skills, project orientation, and the ability to work effectively under pressure and stress. Identify problems/needs and initiate effective solutions.
2	Promote working environment/procedures conducive to improving productivity, increasing efficiency, enhancing quality.
3	Motivated to work efficiently without direct supervision in busy environment, handling many tasks simultaneously; able to priorities workload and multi-task. Consistently "get the job done" and exceed expectations. 
4	Interact positively with a wide range of people, and establish relationships. Generate spirit of enthusiasm in personnel, prompting ready implementation of recommended processes.
5	Computer proficiency on Windows platforms includes Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Internet communications. Deliver Results under Stress Situations
1	Focussed and Goal oriented approach towards Problem Solving.

Work Experience: Three and half Years. 

Professional Experience:

Reliance Life Insurance April’07 till date

Role :  Team Leader for Reliance Life Insurance (Email, Outbound and Inbound)

Responsibilities:

1	Monitoring Calls attended by Customer Support Executives (CSEs) as per quality parameters.
2	Briefing sessions and calibrations for CREs.
3	Preparation of different Reports like MIS Report, Quality report, Interaction report etc
4	Analysis of Poor Customer Experience and suggesting necessary actions to prevent the same.
5	Process Suggestion & implementations to enhances customer experience & FTR.

Achievements:-

1.   Best Perfomer in the process Since Apr'08 till Apr'10 Later on was promoted as   TL.

Projects Handled :

Repeat SR Analysis on various issues for dissatisfied customer study


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

1	Completed Bachelor of Commerce from University of Mumbai in 2010
2	Pursuing MBA.

Computer Skills:
2	Operating Systems	: DOS, Windows NT, Windows XP


Personal Profile

Date of Birth     :  27th Sep'85.  


Marital status    : Unmarried.              


Address            :  44/702 Fam Scty Sec-11 Koperkhairne Navi Mumbai-400709.
                              

  E-mail Id         :  Sumeet_chothanu@yahoo.co.in.










  
										Sumeet Chothani


								
	

