















































RESUME

                                  Curriculam Vittae 
DRISHYA  K                                                                   drishyak.chandran@gmail.com
                                                                                       Mobile - 8792417226, Res-080-23486851

EDUCATION:
                      Bachelor of commerce in RPA First Grade College, Rajajinagar, Bangalore- 10
                      Pre University in SJR Independent Pu College, Rajajinagar, Bangalore 10

EXPERIENCE: 
 Nov 2015 – April 2016 – A K Hardwares Pvt ltd
Accountant:
Book keeping, maintaining ledgers, Cash books, Day-to-day transactions.
April 2016- Feb 2017     - Just Dial Pvt Ltd 
Database Executive:
Validating the contracts and business registered in Justdial.com, and Movies, Photo, Menu card updations in Justdial website for Non paid contracts.
June 2017 – Feb 2018   - Ensomerge Services Pvt ltd
Inside Sale Support:
Handling customers in B2B Sales, reaching the customers by phone, E mails, setting up appointments, finding new sales leads through directories and client referrals, ensuring a smooth sales process.

Carreer Objective:  
Intend to build a career with leading corporate with committed and dedicated people, to purchase a responsible and challenging career, which will help me to explore myself completely and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging environment, by fulfilling goals of the organization and to obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, and ability to work well with people.
PERSONAL SKILLS
· Ability to work in a group as well as an individual.
· Ability to Work in Harmony with Co-Workers.
· Good  communication , Hardworking, and problem solving skills.
Computer Skills:  Basics, Ms office,  Ms Excel

HOBBIES:   Reading books, listening to music, Dancing, and net browsing etc
PERSONAL INFO:
Name                      : Drishya.k
Father’s Name        : Chandran K
Mother’s Name      : Valsala.K
Date of Birth          : 05-02-1992
Gender                   : Female
Nationality             : Indian
Marital Status        : Single
Language known   : English, Malayalam, Kannada, Tamil, Hindi.
DECLARATION
Hoping that the information given above will satisfy you and give me an opportunity to grow and learn more through the growth of your esteemed undertaking. I hereby declare that the information given is true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Bangalore
Date: 							(Drishya.k)

