

















































Tejas Ravindrakumar Shelar
Address: Preet Parichay CHS, Pandurangwadi, Ramchandra Nagar, Dombivli (East) .
Phone:  9029023785
Email:  tejushelar.ts@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE: 
To serve with full commitment, perform beyond the stated responsibilities and to achieve overall organizational progress by making the best use of my knowledge and skills.
	Examination
	School/College
	University
	Year of Passing
	Percentage 


	B.Com
 (Financial Markets).
	MODEL COLLEGE
	Mumbai
	       2014
	62.14%

	H.S.C.
	E.B.MADHAVI COLLEGE

	Mumbai
	2011
	70.50%

	S.S.C.
	ST.MARY’S ENGLISH HIGH SCHOOL
	Mumbai
	2009
	60.30%


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
· Currently pursuing  PG Diploma in Management (HB) from Welingkar Institute of Management and Research 
WORK EXPERIENCE:
· Currently working with Cogencis Information Services Limited from 25th of March, 2015 till date as an Analyst in Editorial Team and previously worked as a Data Analyst in Corporate Fundamental Team. 


Duties done as an Analyst in Corporate Fundamental Team
· We punch and create financial data of listed and unlisted Indian companies on the system called Cogencis Database Management system, which is published on the company’s terminal called as Cogfinancials, where its clients can keep a watch on daily accounts
· You will also get a graph with one click showing incomes and losses of the respective companies whichever entered on the terminal 
· We work on live basis i.e., we keep a track on daily updates of the companies
· We derive relevant data from Annual reports of the companies and the data tallied by Chartered Accountants is scrutinized by us and the data is further provided to the Research Analyst
· We following Indian Accounting Standards which mandatory for the companies
· We to detailing on Balance Sheet, Cash Flow, Profit and Loss Statement and its other modules like Fixed assets, Segments, Raw Materials, Finished Products, Shareholding Pattern of the firm, details of Board of Directors, Auditors, and so on
· We also solve queries of clients by giving clarification to them by drafting mail
· We also do quarterly results of listed companies, including Nifty50 companies
· There are many competitors of us including Bloomberg
· Also have an experience of team handling in the absence of my team respective team leader

Duties done as an Analyst in Editorial Team
· We  keep a live track on daily news or updates of Indian and foreign companies
· We write stories on important disclosures on BSE and NSE by Indian listed companies
· We provide news about not only Indian companies but every possible matter which affects stock market in India
· The stories which we right are published on the terminal called Workstation, which our clients see
· Our clients are news channels such as BTVI, CNBC and so on
· We also put liners of the relevant news which will affect stock market and which is published on our wire and many a times it is taken by respective news channels for publishing
· We also do earnings story during earnings season i.e., quarterly earnings for Indian listed companies including Nifty50 companies, BSE 500 companies and others

KNOWLEDGE OF COMPUTERS:
· Ms-Office. 



PERSONAL SKILLS:
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically, a team leader and a hard worker.
PERSONAL PROFILE:
	Name
	:
	Tejas Ravindrakumar Shelar

	Father’s Name
	:
	Mr. Ravindrakumar Keshav Shelar

	Mother’s Name
	:
	Mrs. Nirmala Ravindrakumar Shelar

	Languages Known
	:
	English, Hindi & Marathi

	Permanent Address
	:
	Preet Parichay CHS, Pandurangwadi, Ramchandra Nagar, Dombivli (East)

	Date of Birth
	:
	18th May, 1994

	Contact No.
	:
	 9029023785



DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Dombivli.
Date: 



Tejas Ravindrakumar Shelar


