















































RAKESH KOLLA 

+91-9553955298                   rakeshkolla@outlook.com 

Summary: 

• 1.7 years experience and extensive knowledge in Accounts Receivables (O2C). 

• Strong knowledge on SAP ERP and CRM tools. 

• Proficient in Microsoft office, such as Excel, word, power point and outlook etc. 
• Experience on Preparation of various reports. 

• Having analytical skills like data crunching, process improvement. 

• Ability to work with under pressure, including tight deadlines. 

Educational Profile: 

2014      : M.B.A. (S.V. University) from VRN college of Computer Science and Management. 

2011          : B.Com. (S.V. University) from S.V. College of Commerce. Tirupathi 

2008          : 12th (Board of Intermediate Education) from Sri Vidyodaya Jr College. Tirupathi 

2006          : 10th (Board of Secondary Education) T.P.P.M. High School. Tirupathi 

Technical Skills: 

Operating System Windows 8, 7 & XP 

Packages 
MS Excel, Word, Power Point & 
Outlook. 

SAP SAP ERP & CRM 

Salesforce Salesforce CRM 

 

Achievements: 

 Received monthly, quarterly best performer awards within the team and awarded as 

best performer in the process. 

 Selected in migration team when process migrated from SAP CRM to Salesforce 

CRM. 

 Selected in expert group to generate new ideas in process improvement. 

 Awarded for lean idea provided to customer: 

Simplification of intercompany transaction clearing using T-Code F-32. 

With this idea I have saved 250 hours of time and $1563/- per annum. 



Work Experience:  
 

Duration    From December 2015 to August 2017  

Company Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt Ltd 

Client PostNord Sverige 

Role Senior Process Executive 

Responsibilities: 

Overall AR (O2C): 

 Self starter works on own initiative and willingness to help others in order to meet 
targets and objectives. 

 Review and identification of system and process enhancements to increase 
efficiency and reduce exposure. 

 Involve in team huddles and share best practices. Schedule and conduct Weekly 
meetings with team members to review team progress and account resolution. 

 Participated as part of the cross functional training and resolve customer queries 
related to cash applications. 

 Assisted Salesforce support team to enhance the application for end user friendly. 
 Attending client calls on weekly basis to share updates and process improvements. 

Billing/Invoicing: 

 Responsible for customer billing on SAP ERP based on the data received from POC’s. 
 Responsible for end to end order processing in O2C cycle. Managing orders includes 

creation, modification, release, cancel and deletion of orders. 
 Processing of fall out orders in SAP system and converting orders into invoices. 
 Performing weekly reconciliation between SAP and various pre-systems, if any 

variance found, we check for the incomplete documents stuck in SAP back end and 
release it by updating the missing information. 

 Responsible for performing weekly check of orders with no value (zero value), and 
bill the required items manually in SAP ERP. 

Cash Application: 

 Daily postings of cash / bank receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts and 
verify details of transactions. 

 Process customer account adjustments. 
 Researches unidentified payments for proper posting 
 Ensure accurate cash postings in customer accounts 
 Accurate matching and Clear/ offset Open items in customer accounts 
 Research and resolve unapplied receipts 
 Assist in identifying and resolving payment discrepancies 
 If required, contact customer(s) for remittance details through E mail and apply 

payment as per details provided by customer. 



Dispute Management & Collections: 

 Directly responsible for Customer queries/disputes related to invoices and payments 
receives through SAP CRM & Salesforce CRM. 

 Address customer billing issues and resolution of complex accounts; daily contact 
with internal and external customers. 

 Initiate credits, make adjustments, and refunds when required. 
 Works closely with other overseas offices to ensure effective trouble shooting. 
 Supported many aspects of financial operations including misapplied payments, 

refunds to customers, invoice credits, negotiation and settlement of outstanding 
invoice disputes, journal entries, etc. 

 Write off reminder/interest invoices when disputed invoice(s) credited. 
 

 

Personal Details 

Name    : K.Rakesh 

Father’s Name  : K.Suresh 

Address  : Plot No.10, Flat No. 202, 
  Sri Durga Enclave, NRI Colony, 
  Pragathi Nagar, Kukatpally, 
  HYDERABAD - 90 

Date of Birth  : 23-06-1991 

Languages Known  : English, Telugu 

 

 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. 
 
 
 
Date: 

Place: Hyderabad                                          (K.RAKESH) 


