









































 
 

 

 

Name:- Soumya Roy Phone: +91- 9739400919 

 

Email: sroy0968@gmail.com 
 

 Work Experience  

Have 4.1 years of digital marketing experience across database marketing functions. Skilled in understanding Client 

Requirements, Designing Campaigns on UNICA. Validating business requirements, preparing functional requirements 

document and campaign coding in Unica Campaign as well as in Interact. Have significant experience in  analyzing, 

designing and optimizing the Unica flowcharts. Possess end to end knowledge in campaign management. 

Good knowledge on Marketing Automation tools: Unica Interact, Teradata, SQL. 

 

 EXPERTISE  

 

 
 Interact Campaign Management & Execution 

 Unica Interact 9.1, Teradata, SQL, Database Marketing 

 Handling multiple channels like WEB, CRO, EMAIL 

 Unica - Creating Interactive flowcharts, Strategies, Zone & Segments in IBM Unica , Unica Campaign Analysis 

 Develop Campaign Flowchart in Unica deploy on server. 

 Testing the Interact channel output on API Test Client & observing coming outputs. 

 Assist with quality control steps throughout campaign development 
 

 

 Domain Skills and Professional skills  

 

 
 Development and implementation of Digital Marketing Automation Campaigns in Marketing Automation Tools. 

 Well acquainted with Marketing Automation tools mainly in Unica Interact. 

 Extensive experience in Digital Marketing Automation and manual testing. 

 Well versed with various Automation aspects like Email Marketing, Campaign Creation, Marketing Analysis 

and Managing Database. 

 Good working knowledge in Oracle and SQL. 

 Excellent analytical and debugging, executing skills, issue resolving, and learning skills. 

 Testing the Interact channel output on API Test Client & observing coming outputs. 

 Develop Campaign Flowchart and Unica deploy on server. 

 Assist with quality control steps throughout campaign development. 
 

 

 Certifications and Awards  

 

 

 Undergone training on ‘ORACLE ’ by NIIT. 

 Best Performance award for year 2015. 

 Best Performance award for year 2016. 

mailto:sroy0968@gmail.com


 
 

 

 

 

 

 RELEVANT PROJECT EXPERIENCE:  

 
 

WNS Global Services Pvt Ltd  

 
Clients British multinational hotels in Denham, UK. 

Role Analyst [Interact 9.1] 

Team Size 15 members 

Tools IBM Interact 9.1 Oracle 

Duration Nov 2014 to Till Date 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Responsibility 

 Creating Interactive flowcharts, Strategies, Zone & Segments in IBM 

Unica. 

 Monitoring and Deployment of Interactive Flowcharts and Strategies on 

run time. 

 Creating offers as per requirement of client’s business need and 

analytical marketing. 

 Testing the Interact channel output on API Test Client & observing 

coming outputs. 

 Develop Campaign Flowchart and deploy on server. 

 Leading the kick-off meetings, designing Campaign, work closely with 

sponsors to structure and execute the sequence of events. 

 Responsible for meeting all deliveries in absence of Team Lead . 

 Communicate list specifications in appropriate technical language and 

negotiate list selection schedules. 

 Specify output formats, define, monitor and implement additional 

non-standard data processing steps, and oversee the delivery of extracts 

WEB to channel. 

 Review and analyze effectiveness of list pull process and propose & 

implement improvements to achieve optimum performance. 

 Assist with quality control steps throughout campaign development. 

 Review live sample delivered to customers to ensure requirements are 

met. 

 

 Educational Qualifications  

 

Course Institution/University % Marks 

B. E. 

(Electronics and 

Telecommunication) 

 
CSVTU 

 
68% 

SSC(12th) CBSE Board 70.6% 

HSC(10th) CBSE Board 75.4% 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multinational_corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denham%2C_Buckinghamshire


 

 

PERSONAL PROFILE 
Name : Soumya Roy 

Father’s Name : Shri Nitesh Kumar Roy 
Date of Birth : 07 March ,1991 

Gender : Female 

Nationality : Indian 

Marital Status : Unmarried 

Language Known : English, Hindi, Bengali 

Hobbies : Reading books 

Passport No. : J7136210 

PAN Card No. : ATVPR0821Q 

Permanent Address : St No :- 04, Vidyut Nagar, Durg , C.G. 

 

DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place: Signature: Soumya Roy 


	Work Experience
	EXPERTISE
	Domain Skills and Professional skills
	Certifications and Awards
	RELEVANT PROJECT EXPERIENCE:
	DECLARATION

