
















































CURRICULUM – VITAE


 

 

 

 

Date – July 25, 2018 

 

Human Resource Manager 

Tata Consultancy Service 

Gandhinagar , Gujrat 
 

 

Dear Sir/Madam, 

 

 I am applying for the opportunity in the area of Finance and Accounting in your company. I believe 

this area offers the challenges that my education and experience have prepared me to handle such 

tasks on professional basis. 

 

I am a Post graduate in commerce from Mohan Lal Sukhadia University of Udaipur and hold a 

bachelor Degree in Commerce. I have earned my degree in February 2017 and continue with the 

professional education of MBA from Poornima University of Jaipur. Apart from that I am also a 

student of Indian Institute of Chartered Accountant and currently seeking an intern’s project to build 

a chance of employment with your reputable company that meets my qualifications and expectations. 

 

During my years of education at the MLSU of Udaipur & ICAI, I have participated in Gmcs and IT-

OT Training programs Conducted by ICAI and attended a National Conference organized by 

Ahmadabad branch of Wicasa. While doing Articleship Under my CA Mentors I assisted them in 

Internal Audit projects of PepsiCo. In addition, I was presented research paper in National or 

International conference organized by Poornima University on the current issues and trends. 

 

I am a highly motivated person with good analytical and communication skills. Moreover, my strong 

background in Finance and Accounts will put me in the right direction to Handle Finance and 

accounts related issues in your department. I am fluent in English, Hindi and Regional languages and 

have good writing style. 

 

Finally, I am available at anytime in order to discuss further your job requirements and my 

qualifications. In this connection, please find attached my resume for your perusal. Here my contacts 

are also mentioned in my resume in case you are interested in my profile. 

 

 

 

Thank you for your precious time and consideration and looking forward to hearing from you. 

 

Best Regards, 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(VIRENDRA SINGH SOLANKI) 

 



 

Virendra Singh Solanki 
 

Near JKSchool,Emdi High School Road, 
Kankroli, Rajasmand (313342) 
M.NO:- 8233647669 

Email:-Virendrasinghsolanki93@gmail.com 

 

 

Career Objective 

 

To hold a good position in my profession with global outlook and promising future that provides me good 

opportunity to work at my full capacity and make progress. 

 

Professional Qualification 
 

Examination Institute Year of Passing 

             CA IPCC – 1 I.C.A.I November, 2014 

             CA CPT I.C.A.I December,2012 

 

Educational Qualification 

 

Course Name of Board/University 
Year of 

Passing 

Percentage (%) 

/SGPA 

 

MBA (Pursuing) School of Management,Poornima University 2017-2019 7.40 SGPA 

M.Com  Govt. College, Rajsamand (MLSU) 2017 56.50 

B.Com  Govt. College, Rajsamand (MLSU) 2015 63.33 

12
th
 Bal krishanVidhyaMandirRajsamand (R.B.S.E) 2012 63.8 

10
th
 Govt. Senior Secondary SchoolRajsamand(RBSE) 2010 71.5 

 

Computer Proficiency 

 Worked on ERP Package Tally ERP Software during article-ship in CA Firm. 

 Knowledge about MS OfficePackage software. 

 Certificate course of 6 months of ‘Basics of Computers, MS-office and Tally’ conducted by IICT. 

 Certificate course of“Rajasthan State Certificateof Information Technology”of 3 months 

Conducted by Indian Institute of Computer Technology (IICT). 

 

 ARTICLESHIP  
 

 Shah Soni & Associates  
Chartered Accountants, A-608, ShapathHexa,             -        April, 2015 – Dec 2015 

Opp - Gujrat  High  Court,Ahmedabad 

 

 Ajay Karnawat& Associates 
Chartered Accountants, Katpatru, Near Gandhi           -         January 2016 – August 2017 
SevaSadan, Civil Line, Rajsamand 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 

Work Experience 

 

 Supervision of accounting work on Tally ERP 9.0. 
 Monitoring of timely deposit of Duties & Taxes. 
 Reconciliation of Tally Accounts Data on timely basis. 

Accounting 

 Finalization of financial statements as per requirements under various statutes. 
 Preparation and Maintenance of Books of Accounts of various entities. 

Audit 

 Statutory Audit of Shree UmiyaCotspin Pvt .Ltd  
 Statutory Audit of Zedson Agro Pvt.Ltd. 
 Statutory Audit of Marble & mines Industries. 
 Internal Audit of Pepsico India Holding Pvt.Ltd. 

 Stock verification, And ReconciliationofBooks. 
 Review of Fixed Assets & drafting Report. 
 Claim Audit, Damage Audit. 

 Preparation of Audit Queries & discussion with the departmental heads. 
 Good Exposure of Tax Audits under section 44AB of Income Tax Act,1961 

Taxation-Direct& Indirect 

 Preparation of T.D.S Returns.  
 Preparation of Income tax Returns. 
 Preparation of Sales tax/ Service-Tax/ Excise duty Returns. 

 

Other Curricular activities -: 

 

 Completed 15 DaysGeneral Management and Communication Skills programme(GMCS-1) 
conducted by ICAI Ahmedabadin December 2015. 

 Completed 30 Days ofInformation technology and Orientation programme Conducted By ICAI 
UdaipurinDecember 2014. 

 Attending National Convention Organized by Wicasa&ICAI Ahmedabad on 24&25 December 
2015. 

 Attended seminar on Time management&GST conducted by Poornima University. 
 Attended seminar on Advance efficiency on MS-Excel Conducted by Poornima University. 
 Paper Presented in Technovision- 2018 on the topic “Demonetization: Impact on Digital India”. 
 Paper Presented in International Conference - 2018 on the topic “Aadhaar: Empowering Indian 

Economy in emerging Digital Market”. 

 

Strengths 

 Good Team Worker and Keen Learner. 

 Dedicated and disciplined. 

 Strive for Perfection in every work. 

 Passionate about do work out of Box. 
 

Personal Details  

 Father’s name   : -          Shri. Ratan Singh Solanki 

 Date of Birth  :- 03-07-1993 

 Religion                         :- Hindu 

 Interest   : - Playing Football & Volleyball 

 

I hereby declare that all the above furnished information’s are true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

Place:  Gandhinagar 

 

Date:                         (VIRENDRA SINGH SOLANKI) 


