














































Vrushali Matale 
Email: - mvrushali03@gmail.com 
Mobile: - 07387452178 

 

 

SUMMARY: 

 
 Having 3.5+ years of experience in Java development that includes requirements analysis, 

designing approaches, development, testing and documentation. 

 Experience in working with Spring MVC. 
 Experience in 3D development using Javafx. 

 Having knowledge and experience in Maven, Gradle, Log4j, Jenkins, SonarLint. 

 Worked on application servers like Apache Tomcat. 
 Knowledge of design pattern in java like MVC design Pattern, Singleton Design Pattern. 

 Experience in Integration of Amazon Web Services AWS with applications 

 

    TRAINING: 

 

 Attained the Teamcenter training which includes Teamcenter customization and Active Workspace 

customization. 

 

 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 

 
 B.Tech from Nagpur University with 65.38% in 2014. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 

HCL Technologies, Pune OCT 2016 – July 2018 

 
Project Name 
Client 

: 
: 

FORD BOM 
FORD Motor Company 

Environment : Spring 4.x, Javafx 

Role : Java Developer 
 

 
Synopsis : 
 
FORD BOM is a internal business portal, use manage client query, handle end client requirement, to 
manage their all type of parts details and their visual format. Many functionality like end client report  
along with advisor report and their performance report, daily transition. 

 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Worked as Java Developer 
 Functional coding and changes according to client request . 

 Jenkins Auto Build for application 
 Log4j and SonarLint setup. 

 
Extremity India Technologies, Pune OCT 2015 – OCT2016 

 
EMS   

Project Name : EMS 

Client : Extremity India Technologies, Pune 

Environment : Java 1.7, MySQL, Apache Tomcat 7, Hibernate 3.0, Spring 4.0 
 

 
 

 

 

 

mailto:mvrushali03@gmail.com


Synopsis : 

Extremity India Technologies offers a unique combination of proven industry methods, and a tailored 
selection of experienced Oracle experts to lead your organization through changes required to 
manage, build, and implement business driven solutions. We offer a flexible approach enabling you to 
select the scope of services that will meet your business goals. 

 
Responsibilities: 

 Worked as Java Developer 

 Deployment of service on Apache Tomcat server 

 Developed UI Pages using JSP 

 Changes according to their request. 

 Perform improvement activities.  
 

Extremity India Technologies, Pune AUG 2014 – SEP2015 
 

ROYAL LIFE   

Project Name : Royal Life 

Client : Royal Life 

Environment : JAVA, J2EE, MySQL, JavaScript, Html, Apache Tomcat 7 

Role : Java Developer. 

 
Synopsis : 

Royal Life System is online auto marketplace providing buyers and sellers a structured platform for 

transacting in new water purifier. It can be divided into two parts: the consumer portal where the users 

can visit to buy and sell new water purifier and the admistrator portal which helps them manage their 

business operations. 

 
Responsibilities: 

 Worked as Java Developer 

 Involved in gathering business requirements and analyzing sessions. 

 Developed UI Pages using JSP. 

 Validation part throughout application 

 Creating functional and unit test plans. 
 
 

PROJECT DURING FINAL YEAR OF GRADUATION: 
 

1) Developed Android based notice board for college: 

 This app is used to display college notices. 2 panels are there, one for administrative and 

another for Students.(This app is on Google play-store as ‘LAD Notice App’ and ‘LAD Notice 

Admin) 

 
2) Micro-controller based time table for my department with download facility for updation. 

 

Place: - Pune VrushaliMatale



 


	Vrushali Matale
	SUMMARY:
	EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
	WORK EXPERIENCE:
	Synopsis :
	Responsibilities:
	Responsibilities: (1)
	Synopsis : (1)
	Responsibilities: (2)
	PROJECT DURING FINAL YEAR OF GRADUATION:
	2) Micro-controller based time table for my department with download facility for updation.

