













































Barbara Power


RAKHI RAJU 

 

 Mobile: +919061977408                                                                 Email: rakiraju1194@gmail.com 

 

SUMMARY 

 

• 2 years of experience as Software Developer in software design, analysis, development, testing 

and implementation of web server using Dot Net and Oracle Engagement Cloud.  

• Experience in application development using C#, Web Forms in ASP.NET using C# as the code-

behind language and ADO.NET as the Database data consumer in .Net  

• Experience in Customization using Scripting, Lead Management, Product Configurations, 

Creating interactive Dashboards, Reports and Analytics, OBIEE, Territory and Opportunity 

Management ,Quotation and Invoice Generation using BIP Reports etc. in Oracle Engagement 

Cloud  

• Experience in design and development of applications using MVC and Web technologies like 

XML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS and HTML. Implemented service oriented architecture 

using Web APIs.  

• Extremely motivated with good Inter-personnel and communication skills.  

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Framework                       :   Dot Net Framework 2.0/3.5/4/4.5, Oracle Sales Cloud (OSC R12, 

R13) 

Tools                                : IDE (Visual Studio 2008/10/12/15), SOAP UI, OBIEE 

Data Bases                        : MS SQL Server 2008/2012/2014 

Version Control                : SVN/GitHub 

Technologies                    : ASP.NET, MVC 

Scripting Languages         : JavaScript, Groovy script  

Script Libraries                 :  AngularJS 

  

PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

 

Bankruptcy Service Portal, Consumer Education Services Inc., USA 
This is an application falling under Credit Management Domain promotes to guide all those people 

who are at the brim of bankruptcy. In this application, people can attend courses (Credit 

Counseling and Debtor Education) to use credit wisely and make sound personal money 

management decisions that will allow them to remain debt free. 

Technology 
Angular JS, Web API 

Responsibilities 
• Responsible for understanding user requirements, designing and developing the application. 

• Web Application development using Asp.Net MVC and Angular JS. I have actively participated 

in creating forms and functionalities under     Attorney Management. I also handled Registration 

and Payment functionalities in the application. 

• Involved in the creation of tables, functions and stored procedures in MS SQL Server 2014. 

• Performed daily status update of tasks and bugs in Team Foundation Server. 

 

mailto:rakiraju1194@gmail.com


Agent Portal, Global Benefits Group, USA  

The project under Insurance Domain involves customized multilingual web portal which enables 

GBG Agents to access tools for servicing their current and potential client anytime, anywhere. 

Also helps the agents to view the complete business till then.  

Technology  

MVC, Angular JS 1.0  

Responsibilities  
As a developer  

• I was involved in applying multilingual feature and Localization in the application.  

• Created HTML Templates and their controllers are created using Angular JS framework for 

rendering the web pages as a Single Page Application, with the help of angular routing. 

• I also participated in validating the forms in the application.  

 

P360, Speridian Technology, India  
P360 is a web based tool developed with an aim of reviewing project status based on time, scope 

and cost parameters. The weekly status of the projects can be monitored and reviewed with this 

system. Along with the documents repository, Resources allocation and financial summary details 

are the other features of this application. Application also links the activities of three departments 

(Development, Accounts and PMO) thus automating the actions specific to any project.  

Technology  
ASP.NET MVC, ADO.NET, SQL Server 2012  

Responsibilities  
As a developer, I was involved in major coding part of the module. Being an active member of 

team, I was also involved in Coordinating with Tech Lead to understand the requirement, 

organizing project meetings, and providing technical guidelines to the team members.  

 

Central Finance Plc (CFL), Sri Lanka– Cloud CX  
Central Finance Company Plc is Sri Lanka’s leading Financial House providing dynamic and 

innovative Financial Solutions. The Company provides services like Business Loans and Leasing 

under Financing, Savings and Deposits under Investments and Vehicle Hire.  

Responsibilities  
• Requirement Analysis and Feasibility study on customer requirements  

• Business Process Design by executing technical discussions with the client  

• Feasibility analysis and POCs with the team on new features  

• Configure and invoke external web services to push information  

• Integration with External systems  

• Preparing Interface Documents  

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

 

 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science from Sree Narayana Gurukulam College of 
Engineering 

 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 

 Speridian Technologies Pvt. Ltd  Software Developer, Dot Net 
 


