














































Page 1 of 4      

    

                To build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and 

dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work 

as a key player in challenging and creative environment.    

   

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION    

    

 Master of Computer Applications in Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering, affiliated 

to Anna University, Chennai with an aggregate of 75% during the academic year 2012-2015.    

    

 Bachelor of Computer Application in the Jamal Mohamed College of Arts & Science, 

affiliated to Bharathidasan University, Trichy with an aggregate of 71% during the academic 

year 2009-2012.    

   

SKILL SET    

   

 Languages                  : C, C++, HTML, .NET.    

 Office Suite                : Ms-packages.     

 Operating Systems     : Windows XP, VISTA, Windows7 and Windows8.    

 Database                     : Ms-Access.    

   

PROJECT EXPERIENCE    

    

    Project Name     :    Library Management System.    

    Environment     :    Visual Basic & MS-Access.    

    Duration        :    January 2012-March 2012.    

    

            Project Name              :            Authorized Duplicate Cheep Scheme    

                     Using Hybrid Cloud Approach.    

            Environment     :     C#, .NET & SQL    

            Duration        :     December 2014-May 2015    

   

    

R E S U M E      
CAREER OBJECTIVE      

    

MANIKANDAN A,                                                            

         Mobile: +91-(999) 477 3490   

LinkedIn: Manikandan Armugam      

Email:    manikandan.out3@gmail.com       

                   

 



Page 2 of 4      

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE    

    

Accenture Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai                            March 2015 – February 2016  

Process Associate:    

    

Roles and responsibilities:    

    

 Working with one of the leading insurance company in united states    

 Dealing with the clients regarding insurance schemes and claims    

 Monitor all transactions and ensure compliance to quality regulations and maintain effective 

relationships with clients.    

 Coordinate with internal and external clients and provide assistance on Email & phone and 

resolved all queries    

 Documents all transactions on an everyday basis and collate metrics from various associates 

and prepare appropriate reports.    

 Creating an insurance documents for large numbers of employees who worked for employers 

in united states     

 Ensure and maintain effective professional relationships with staff.    

 Perform quality check assessment on all processes of various associates.    

 Coordinate with team members and ensure achievement of all team objectives and goals.    

 Interacting with clients via emails and phone calls for clarifications and details    

 Learning the hierarchy of employer both onshore and offshore    

 Interacting with the team members and team leads to gaining knowledge and sharing ideas to 

improve the growth of the employer and individuals    

    

    

Tenpath Solutions (Formerly known as 247 Headhunting)                August 2016 – July 2018  

Trichy Area, India    

  

HR-Technical Recruiter    

    

Roles and responsibilities:    

    

Full life cycle recruitment services for fulfilling Contract technical positions across U.S.    

    

 Extensive experience of Recruiting for candidates, pre-screening to pull out quality potential 

candidates.    

 Strong understanding of technical and non-technical requirements; deep sourcing skills and 

experience sourcing passive candidates; excellent candidate assessment skills.    

 Possess excellent knowledge of recruiting and hiring processes including sourcing, 

interviewing, reference checking, tracking, salary/rate negotiations, and closing.    

 Have experience in dealing with all kind of authorization (US Citizen, GC, EAD, HIB etc.)  

   Hands on experience in Contract, Permanent, Contract to hire positions.    

 Short listing candidates according to the skills, experience, rate, location etc.    

https://www.justdial.com/Trichy/Tenpath-Solution-Pvt-Ltd-Above-ICICI-Bank-Thillai-Nagar/0431PX431-X431-150821123154-H4E8_BZDET


Page 3 of 4      

 Having an excellent track record of consultants which have been submitted to the clients, and 

have a good experience in creating an excel database of available consultants and clients and 

maintaining a complete information of the consultants and clients.    

 Strong negotiation skills.    

 Submitting resume to the client.    

 Scheduling candidates for face to face/ telephonic interview events; establishing close contact 

with candidates to ensure participation in interview events.    

 Extensive experience in Job portals (i.e.: Monster.Com, Career Builder, Dice.Com, Indeed, 

Ladders and LinkedIn, Etc.).    

 Self-motivated professional who achieves results and has superior ability to coordinate and 

perform several tasks simultaneously.    

    

Tenpath Solutions (Formerly known as 247 Headhunting)                July 2018 – August 2018 

Trichy Area, India    

 

HR- Technical Recruiter /On-Boarding Specialist                   

   

 On boarding of all new hires as per US Employment Laws.    

 Working closely with all new hires and completing on-boarding paper works (Contract & 

Client specific documents).    

 Assisting all new hires employment concerns and ensuring of resolution in timely manner.    

 Monitoring project duration's, extensions & off board contractors upon completion of 

assignments.    

 Assisting background representative with the required documents collecting from contractors 

and ensuring completion of background checks before start date.    

 Recognize contractor’s events such as birthdays & anniversaries.    

 Sharing start details such as reporting time, person and dress code.    

 Regular follow up such as (first day, first week & monthly and supporting as main point of 

contact throughout the assignment.    

 Getting assignment feedback and updating with the team.    

 Keeping a track of timekeeping and expenses records.    

 Counselling contractors as per Client request and updating with the Team.    

    

    

KEY STRENGTHS         

                     

 Quick learner and ability to work under pressure.    

 Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.    

 Good motivator, enthusiastic and open to learn new ideas.    

 Possess good management and organizational skills.    

 Team player    

 Flexible and adjustable in job timings    

 Willing to learn new thoughts and technologies    

 

https://www.justdial.com/Trichy/Tenpath-Solution-Pvt-Ltd-Above-ICICI-Bank-Thillai-Nagar/0431PX431-X431-150821123154-H4E8_BZDET


Page 4 of 4      

    

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES   

    

 Participated as a Volunteer in JRC, NCC, and NSS.    

 Took part in RDC(Republic Day Contingent )-2011 at new Delhi in front honorable president 

and prime minister of India     

 Professional Football Player.    

 Campus recruitment – placement cell coordinator during academic’s  

  Participated in various colleges cultural.    

 EAC member (Employee Activity Committee)    

    

ACHIEVEMENTS    

   

 Won First Prize in Thiran Project Title: Way Finding Accet.    

 Participated and won prizes in various professional and local football tournaments    

 Lead and trained more than 300 cadets during academic’s    

    

PERSONAL DETAILS    

    

    Name             : Manikandan .A     

Father’s Name             : Mr. D. Arumugam    

Mother’s Name           : Mrs. A. Andal    

           Date of Birth                   : 04/06/1991    

           Gender                       : Male.    

Marital Status                 : Single.    

Linguistic abilities           : English, Tamil.    

   Nationality              : Indian.    

   Hobbies                    : Singing, Playing Football.  

            Permanent Address       : 47/5, Poovalur Road,    

                                                  Lalgudi-621601.    

                         Trichy (D.t), Tamilnadu.    

    

                                            DECLARATION     

  

I here declare that all the information’s finished above are true and correct to best of 

my knowledge and belief.    

  

   


