















































                                                 BIO-DATA

RESUME
 Rahul Warang
 29/203 Shivai Nagar, Ajinkyatara CHS

 Pokhran Rd No.1 Thane (W)
 Mumbai – 400606

 Contact No : 99303 15359
 E-mail: rahul.warang@yahoo.com
 DOB: 5th July 1985




This document intends to give a brief overview of my overall experience in corporate sales and customer relation.   

Professional Profile:
Current Experience:

Company              :   DHL Express I Pvt Ltd 
Position 
  :   Executive - Retail
Reporting to
  :   Retail Store Manager
Key Responsibilities: 
· As a “store executive” ,daily doing shipments booking, handling cash, doing data entry into the systems, arranging to send Consignment tracking alerts thru SMS for customers, maintaining the stationary and the stock of packing materials ,etc
· Giving full information to client about the “Documentation” Handling, Processing, Regulations for their Shipping & Logistic  Consignments needs
· Handling Cash Import queries and giving appropriate solution to clients as per their requirement
· Business development for Store (DHL) global chain of retail business service, shipping and logistics. 
· Responsible for giving business proposals and presentations to corporate clients about the various products and services available for shipping.
· To create awareness amongst the corporate clients and other individuals customers.
· To manage good relationship with existing key corporate customers.

· One point contact for customers about the products and services offered at the store.
· To tie up with   hotels and other business houses.
· Management reporting and strategic planning. Preparing various reports for analyzing.
· Managing to ensure customer satisfaction, in terms of timely delivery of international shipments and helping them in case of any destinations’ custom requirements

· Maintaining customer relations thru’ regular visits and telecalling especially for SME’s
· Ensuring customer satisfaction by providing end-to-end packing and shipping solutions and assistance for their commercial as well as retail logistics requirements
· Assisting the store manager for formulating strategies to ensure achievement of the business targets set by the company from time to time
· Assisting the store manger in daily functioning and administration of Store functions
Previous Experience:
Company                                 Reliance Info stream Pvt Ltd. (May 07-Oct 07)  

Designation                            Customer Service Associate.
Reporting to                           Team Leader / Floor Manager.
Key Responsibilities:
· Handling Inbound calls, Query handling and giving proper resolution to customer.
· View the database of the customers.
· Team working to achieve various targets set to excel the profitability and customer satisfaction
· Educational Qualifications:

	Qualification :
	B.com. from Mumbai university.



	Academics :
	No.

Examination

Board/University

Year

Class

1.

B.com

[Business management]

Mumbai

2007
Pass     Class
2.

H.S.C.

Maharashtra

2004
II

3.

S.S.C.

Maharashtra

2000
I


	Computer Skill:


	· MS-CIT course (Includes Ms-word, Ms-Excel & PowerPoint).

· Tally Graduate Course (Includes Tally version & vat, service tax etc)

· Certificate Course In Financial Accounting (From mah.Business training board )

· Computer Programming (C,C++)

· Visual Basic Programming 

· Oracle Database management System 




Personal Information:

Marital Status
 
 :  Married
Gender          
 
 :  Male.

Nationality 

 :  Indian

Language Known  
 :  English, Hindi, Marathi.

Hobbies

 :  Making friends, Playing Cricket, Listening  bhakti sangeet & Traveling.
 

 I hereby confirm that the above particulars are correct to the best of my knowledge. 
 I shall be grateful to be considered for an appropriate position in your esteemed   

 Organization.




              Yours truly.
                                                                                                                   Rahul A.Warang.

