










































Curriculum Vitae

AUSAF SAYEED PATHAN
E-mail: pathan.ausaf029@gmail.com                         
Mobile: +91-9623301536/8390009373
Career Objective:
       To pursue a challenging career in an organization where my skills and strength in the field of Network Management, Operation & Administration may be fully utilized to the full extend.
PROFILE: -
· I am Qualified Bachelor's in Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering with technical proficiency and practical experience of 3+years in networking/Telecom field.
· My technical forte is installation, configurations, troubleshooting & maintenance of complex routed LAN/WAN networks.
· Functional experience in capacity planning for customers on the Dubai Telecom Network for the last mile access & configuring the same.
· Serve second level technical support for the issue of last mile network consisting of broadband, landline & IPTV, Cisco routers & switches, RF devices.
· Testing & fault finding of access technologies, IPTV, LL & broadband based on (GPON, S33k, ME34, packet front & MSAN) technology, coordinate with various team to resolution.
· Hands on experience for troubleshooting of Cisco, Alcatel, Huawei & GPON routers.
TECHNICAL SKILLS: -

· CCNA 
· Switches: Cisco (ASR, ME34)/ Huawei(S33K) & Cisco router 7209.

· Knowledge of routing, switching, OSI model, access list, VLAN, NAT, STP.

· Hands on experience of Net cracker, Seibel, Nortel, du verse, Secure CRT, OBI, Elite csm.
Working Experience: -
· Currently working as, a Network Engineer with Wipro Infotech, Pune (since SEPT 2015-present).
· Worked as a E-NODE B ENGINEER with Sync route Infranet pvt ltd, Mumbai since Apr 2015-Aug 2015).
· Worked as a Network Maintenance Engineer with Keihin FIE pvt ltd, pune since Feb 2012-Jan 2013).
Professional Experience: -
Topic/Project: - Dubai Telecom (Wipro InfoTech)
      Role        :-  Network Engineer
      Members :- 30
      Client      :- Du Telecom.
      Duration  :- Sept  2015 till date.
 Synopsis    :-On the basis of request received from Wipro's global client (Du telecom) 
 provide cost effective services to the client’s current technology (GPON, Msan, ME34, etc.) in order to improve performance.

Responsibilities: -
· To Understand customer requirements & its validation.

· Building & deploying PE-CE device configuration, Test & turn-up, Logical amend activities according to service requirement.

· Troubleshooting & rectifying PE-CE issues occurred, provide root analysis to fault ticket booked.

· Working with various teams & tools for fault management & resolve the ticket.

Organization      :- Sync route Infranet PVT Ltd.
Role                   :-  FLM Engineer.

Duration            :- Apr 2015 to Aug 2015

Responsibilities:-

· Responsible for all BTS/BSS operations across India.

· Troubleshooting for various alarm for site integration
· RFe survey and SCFT 
Organization      :- Keihin FIE PVT Ltd.
Role                  :-  Network Maintenance Engineer .

Duration            :-Feb 2012 to Jan 2013

Responsibilities :-

· Responsible for all IT Maintenance activity 
· Monitoring alarm & rectifying Issue related to CM end
Educational Details: -
	Qualification


	School/college
	University/

Board
	Year of

passing
	Stream/

Degree
	Score

	Bachelor’s

Degree
	JSPM,Hadapsar,Pune
	Pune
	2011
	Electronics

and Telecommunication
	   62.53%

	Diploma
	SESP Polytechnique,Solapur
	MSBTE
	2008

	Electronics

and Telecommunication
	   73.52℅

	SSC
	SSEMHS,Solapur
	Pune
	2005
	-
	   65.20%


Additional Details:

Date of Birth: 25th May, 1989.

Permanent Address: 314, shaniwar peth, solapur-413002.
Hobbies: Playing cricket, watching TV.

References: Available on request.
Passport availability: Yes.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.                                                                               

Place – Pune, Maharashtra                                                         AUSAF SAYEED PATHAN.
