











































Ashish Puri

Add: H.No. 3049, New Delhi-110008 ~  Contact Us: +91-9958006992 ~ Mail To: ashishpuri2009@yahoo.in
Objectives
Working with winning team that gives me the scope to learn, lead to my personal development and gives me the opportunity to prove myself so that I can give 100% of my effort to organization and I can effectively contribute my Technical skills, utilize my skills in an industry that offers professional growth and work in an organization where there is ample of opportunity for innovation and creativity.
Professional Experience
· Currently working  as Sr. Engineer at TechMahindra Pvt. Ltd.
       Working on RPA automation process (RPA Developer)to automate daily activities and to convert manual workforce to digital workforce. Tools --- Automation Anywhere, Blue prism.
DETAILS:-
· Project Name: EMAS ACSI
· Organization: Tech Mahindra
· Client:  AT & T Client 
KEY ROLES:-
· Automate process using RPA tools 
· Daily administration of the Robotic Process Automation production environment (running processes, maintaining resource, viewing logs etc)
· Hands-on experience with robotics automation tools: Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism.
· Assists with creation of the automation architectures, Develop the automation in a given platform,            Creates RPA automation, Documents thoroughly the whole development process.

· Support all applications development effort involving RPA tools, Leadership of individual work streams associated with a RPA process

· Write & maintain data process flows
· Knowledge of excel and macros

· Solving issues that arise in the day to day running of RPA processes and assisting in the provision of timely responses and solutions as required
·  Knowledge of OOPs, Amazon AWS, Cloud computing, SQL,. net, RPA tools.
· Worked  as Executive-Engineer at Snapdeal.com. 
KEY ROLES:-
· Maintaining Application and monitoring.
·  Run SQL commands.
· Worked in NIC (National Informatics Centre) as an System Engineer.
Education & Credentials

  B.Tech  
   Hindustan Institute of Technology (UPTU), Greater Noida    
                             2009    












75%

Senior Secondary


CBSE, New Delhi




2005            











75%

High School



CBSE, New Delhi




2003












82%





                                                                   Support Skills
	Language/Tools Skills:

Operating System:
	LINUX/UNIX, , SQL, .Net, OOPS, Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UI Path
Windows XP/Window 7/UNIX/LINUX


                                                 Personel Dossier
Mother’s Name

:   Mrs. Shashi  Puri

Father's Name

:   Mr. Mukesh Puri

Marital Status

:   Unmarried
Date of Birth

:    29th April 1987

Sex


:    Male

Nationality

:    Indian

Languages known              :    English, Hindi
Ashish  Puri
