














































Abhijit Shashikant Warale  
Mobile: +91-9892926554 
Email: abby_ware@yahoo.com 
 

Career Objective 
 
 Intend to build a career in an organization of committed and dedicated people where in I get challenge and opportunity 

to excel myself.

 
Synopsis 

 
 Middle Level HR Professional with almost 8 years of experience in Talent Acquisition, Campus Recruitment, HR 

operations, Training Management, Performance Management Systems, Compensation & Benefits, HR Policies, 
Employee Engagement, Employee Grievances & Statutory Compliance.


 Adept at people management, maintaining healthy employee relations, handling employee grievances thus creating an 

amicable & transparent environment.

 
Educational Summary 

 
Professional Certifications  
 Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resources Management (PGDHRM) in 2014. (Affiliated to Mumbai University) 

(Welingkars Institute of Management Studies & Research-Mumbai)
 Computer Proficiency: Well versed with Ms-Word, Ms-Excel, Ms Power Point, Windows 7, 8 & Internet Application.
 
Academic Record:  
 B.Com with Accounts as a major subject. Pass out in 2010. (Mumbai University).
 H.S.C with Commerce Stream. Pass out in 2005, (Maharashtra Board).
 S.S.C from Vidya Mandir High School. Pass out in 2003 (Maharashtra Board).

 

  Career Contour  
    

       Nina Waterproofing - A subsidiary of Pidilite Industries Ltd : July 2015 - till date 
  Infinity Cars Pvt Ltd : May 2011 - July 2015. 
  India Infoline Ltd : May 2008 - Nov 2008. 
 

Nina Waterproofing Systems Pvt Ltd as an Asst. Manager - Business HR, Handling HR Activities at PAN India Level 
 
Organization details:  
Founded in Mumbai in 1965, Nina Waterproofing Systems is a subsidiary of Pidilite Industries Ltd. It is an ISO 9001-2008 

Certified versatile corporation that specializes in waterproofing solutions 

Duration: July 2015 to till date. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 

 
 Talent Acquisition: Taking care of talent acquisition at Pan India level. Sourcing, Screening, Shortlisting CV’s from 

Job portals, employee referrals and also co-ordination with recruitment consultancies. Scheduling and taking initial 

round of interview, negotiation for final salary with short listed candidate for releasing the offer letter.


 HR Operations: Managing end to end HR lifecycle with respect to all employees, Including New Joinee Induction, 
on boarding, off-boarding, employee master maintenance, issuance of various HR letters, tracking employee 
movements etc.


 MIS and Co-ordination: Generating various MIS & reports, co-ordination with corporate HR, Business Heads, 

Location Heads & employees. Co-ordination with Business HR & Payroll team for employee separation to F&F 

settlements. 

mailto:abby_ware@yahoo.com


 HRMS / HRIS: Managing hiring and maintenance of complete employee database in SAP HR software in PA30 & 

PA40 module.

 Training & Development: Identifying training needs, nominating staff from various locations for trainings and co-

ordination with Learning and development team for the same.

 PMS / Employees rewards and recognition: Handling performance management system & identifying scope for 

enhancing the same. Arranging monthly / quarterly rewards & recognition program for Project & office staff.

 Employee Relations: Handling day to day employee queries & grievances across all branches to ensure employee 

satisfaction.

 Statutory compliances: Monitoring & ensuring timely payments of all statutory deductions like PF, PT and ESIC.

 Employee Engagement: Organizing events likes Festival celebrations, Birthday Bash and fun @ work activities for 

employee Motivation on a monthly basis.

 
Infinity Cars Pvt Ltd as a Sr. HR Executive, was handling HR Activities for entire group 

 
Organization details: 
 
Infinity Cars is the dealer partner of BMW India in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Indore (M.P.), MINI India in Mumbai, Importer 

Dealer for Aston Martin in Mumbai, (First Showroom in India under the Performance Cars banner), Mahindra & Mahindra 

(Passenger and Commercial Vehicles) in Mumbai & Ducati Motor Cycles in Mumbai & Pune.  
Duration: May 2011 to July 2015. 
 
Accountabilities: 

 
 Recruitment: Entirely responsible for taking care of recruitment activity from ground level to Sr. level through Job 

portals, employee referrals.


 HR Operation: Handling post-selection formalities such as issuance of offer/appointment letter, sending out 

welcome mails, coordinating with respective teams in setting up their work Station. Generation of codes, updation 

of Headcounts, Keeping track record of Active & exit employees, Generation of MIS, Manpower planning.


 Co-ordination: Co-ordination with BMW India for providing details of Manpower Matrix as and when required, also 

designing job description as per BMW India’s format. Co-ordination with BMW training & development team for 

registration of eligible employees for the respective training & various certifications. (Sales & Service)


 HR Process: Developing the HR process, Salary processing, Attendance calculation, handling confirmation, Transfer, 
Conducting Exit interview and full & final settlement (FNF).

 Performance appraisal: Handling Performance Appraisal process & identifying scope for enhancing the same.


 Employee Relations & Grievances: Handling the employee queries as per the company policies across all locations 
as and when required to ensure employee satisfaction.


 Statutory Compliances: Having hands on experience in handling PF, PT, ESIC & MLWF, Co-ordination with statutory 

Consultant for preparation of online PF, PT & ESIC challan & ensuring timely payments of the same. Handling 

statutory inspections/Compliance audits. Acting independently to ensure that compliance issues/concerns within 

the organisation are being appropriately evaluated, investigated and resolved with the help of compliance agency.


 MIS: Responsible for preparing HR MIS for hired staffs, attritions, Manpower details, Leave Records & Bonus.


 Vendor Management: Sourcing vendors for Job portals (Naukri & Monster), Statutory Consultants, House Keeping, 
employee ID cards, employee uniforms and maintaining good relationship to get the maximum out of them.

 
India Infoline Ltd as an HR Coordinator 

Organization Details: 
 
The IIFL (India Infoline) group, comprising the holding company, India Infoline Ltd and its subsidiaries, is one of India’s 
premier providers of financial services. IIFL offers wide range of financial products.  
Duration: May 2008-November 2008 
 

Job Roll: 
 

 HR Operation: Handling joining formalities of new employees, Generation of Codes, ID Cards, Bank accounts  
opening, updating headcount, track of Active & exit employees & assisting HR Manager in all day to day activities.

 HR MIS: Monthly preparation of HR MIS & distribution to concerned department. 



 Employee Engagement: Assisting in organizing events, Festival and Birthday Celebration, Picnics and Fun @ Work 
activity for employee Motivation on a monthly basis.

 Training: Coordinating for Technical and Non-Technical trainings program.
 Employee Grievances: Handling the employee queries as per company policies.

 

 

 Personal details 

Address : 203/8204, Kannamwar Nagar-1, Vikhroli (East), Mumbai - 400083. 
DOB : 25-Dec-1987 
Marital Status : Married 
Languages known : English, Marathi & Hindi. 
Hobbies : Listening Music, Travelling & Making Friends. 
References : Available on request. 
  

 Declaration 
 
I hereby declare that the information given in this statement is true and complete to the best of my knowledge. 
 
Date: 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 

_____________________  
Signature 

 


