






































Priyabrata Das

E-Mail:  priyabdas@gmail.com ( Contact No.: +91-9986759509
M.Sc  with 3.5 years of working experience in BPO, according to the customer requirement  by giving intelligent solutions.

KEY SKILLS

 Understanding of  customer Query positively, utilization of  my soft skill.
EXPERIENCE

Professional Summary:

· Employed with Sparsh BPO Services Ltd (Kolkata) as an Executive In a Telecom Project.

· Good communication and interpersonal skill.
· Target Driven and self –motivated.
· Excellent Customer service skills enjoy customer interaction.
· Professionalism and confident, strong persuasive skills.
· Able to work in a highly dynamic environment and able to do multitask.
Responsibilities:

· Escalation and follow-up of cases requiring further action.

· Captured customers and corporations information accurately.

· Work with the support team to ensure service level requirements are exceeded.

· Provide effective and timely resolution of a range of customers and coworkers.

· Answering calls in a prompt courteous manner and strive for one –call resolution of customer issues to build customer satisfaction and loyalty.

· Accepted assignments with an open, cooperative, positive and team oriented attitude.

· Used to brief my sub-ordinates about the product.

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS

M.Sc (Seritech)

:              Mysore university

B.Sc (zoology,Hons)     :             North Orissa University. 

PGDCA

 :            Semiotics Computer Academy.
Technical Skills

Programming Language   :        SQL, PL/SQL , C 

Database                       :           Oracle 9i/10g.

Operating Systems             :           Windows2000, Xp, Linux.

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth

:
10th July1982

Address

:
#318, Kalpataru nilaya, nagavarpalya, c.v. raman nagar post, 
                                                  Bangalore – 560093

References

:
Available on Request 

Declaration:

I am Priyabrata Das hereby declare that all the facts furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
