















































Anand

Sankar Ethirajan                        

                                                             Contact No: +91-9444700667
                                                                                      Email: sankar_epas@yahoo.com

Career Objective:
To obtain a good position in an organization where I can showcase my knowledge and apply my skills for the growth of company and myself. 
Professional Experience:

Tech Digital India Private Limited                                                          Dec 2016 to Sep 2017
Role: IT- Recruiter 
Responsibilities:

· Get requirements from US IT staffing companies within all the locations across USA.
·  Effectively recruited candidates through Internet research, internal database, referrals, and other strategies

·  Understanding the client requirements, coordinating for short listing and screening including preliminary interview of the candidates.

· Extensive experience of Internet Recruiting for candidates and industry leads, pre-screening to quality potential candidates.

·  Dealing with consultants on H1B, GC and CITIZEN, etc. Negotiating the rates on Contract, Contract to hire basis.

· Responsible to understand and analyze the requirements in different domain categories.
·  Coordinating, Scheduling & Conducting Interviews.

· Keeping Track of Responses & Short listing Profiles.


Vertex Customer Management India Private Limited                                    May 2015 to June 2016
Role: Business Associate - operations 

Vertex India is a leading integrated end- to end solution providers across Business Process Outsourcing, Customer Management Outsourcing and IT Services, serving host of clients across many sectors.
Responsibilities:

· Called customers listed in the company database and provided them information on the latest range of  airtel products.
· Provided product information and scheduled visits from the field sales team to visit customers.
· Kept records of customer interactions and, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken.

Aegis, Chennai INDIA

Role: customer support executive                                                                 Jan 2015 to Apr 2015 
Aegis is a leading global business services provider of customer experience management. We offer a comprehensive suite of solutions that helps your business plan deeper, transparent and better optimized customer connections and experiences- from strategy development through execution. The company is wholly owned by Essar.
Responsibilities:
· Handling the customer’s Query regarding to telecom network (Airtel).
· Troubleshooting the data card issues.
EDUCATION:

B.TECH (Information Technology), Thiruvalluvar college of engineering&technology,Anna university-2013

Computer Knowledge:

· Programming Languages     
:  C,C++.
· Operating Systems                
:  Windows xp ,Windows7 
· Packages                                
:  MS-Office

· Web Technology                   
:  HTML,
 
Personal Details:
Father’s Name


: P.Ethirajan

Date of Birth              

: 16th Dec 1989 

Gender



: Male

Marital Status
            

: Single

Residential Address

:  New No: 85 Old No: 41/35 First Street,




  
   Vasantha Nagar,

  
   Thiruvottiyur ,
                 Chennai - 600019


Nationality


: Indian

Languages Known

: English and Tamil   

