














































SURAJ MAHURKAR                                           
Email: surajmahurkr@gmail.com
Contact :+ 91 09960601048
Summary:

IT Professional with 1 year of experience in web development, testing and configuring client requirement from ideation to implementation using java/j2ee.  Process expert in troubleshooting error, debugging and resolving it. 

Worked as Quality Control Analyst supporting USA client in verifying published documents, and support identifying debug, error and work with client partner, vendor to fix these in time

Experience:
DhanInfotech Pvt. Ltd, Nagpur (From Sept 2015 to June 2018)
Worked as Quality Control Analyst, as part of the role was responsible to 

Ensure the accurate invoice send to the Client

Create Bids from photos and send to Client
Meeting with Client to solve the Problems
Submit Priority Orders within time towards fulfillment
Technical Capabilities:

Programming Languages  – Java, J2EE, SQL and  HTML 
Tools/ Software – Eclipse, NetBeans.
Operating Systems – Windows, Linux

Others–Certificate course of computer operation – Java, C++, ORACLE

Implementation knowledge in Java, J2EE (Servlet, JSP), Hibernate and Spring Framework.
Problem solving, Analytical and Communication Skill
Ability to learn and adapt new technologies faster
Achievements:

Work commitment award - Selected for Employee of the month 

Project:
 Online Car Rental Website


Description: This project is designed to used by Car Rental Company specializing in renting cars to customers. It is online system through which customers can view cars, register, view profile and book car.

Role and Responsibilities: Backend Development using Spring and Hibernate Framework. Handling individually coding part of project, working with the various components of MySQL.
Profile:
Name: Suraj A. Mahurkar

Education: BCA Graduate from RTMNU
DOB: 27th July 1992

Gender: Male

Address: S/O Mr. Arun Mahurkar, Lakshmi Nagar, Landmark, Behind Irrigation colony, Wardha. MH







                                              Suraj Mahurkar
