













































	Ankit Jhamb
Mob. no : 7000179511
ankitjham@gmail.com

	I am a confident and hard working person. My abilities to learn quickly and adapt to different environments allow me to fit-well and excel in any professional environment.

	Objective
	To make a career in a renowned and reputed organization that would allow me to expend my knowledge and skill, while working for betterment of the company   

	
Strengths





Experience 


	- Functional knowledge ofMS - Office / Tally 
- Ability to handle customer related queries and issues. 
- Good at learning new concepts and applying them in the work environment
- Ability to communicate and share ideas clearly and effectively
Willing to relocate to any part of the world

- 1.8 Years Experience As a Executive in Investment Banking 
                  Process At NIIT SmartServe ltd,Gurgaon

Responsibility’s :-
-Internal Asset and cash transfer processing  
-Maintaining the Workflow for the team 
Reporting:-
-MIS
-Performance Reporting
Familiar Software’s :-
-Free Track
-SWP  (SEI Global Wealth Platform)

	

Educational / Professional
Qulification


	                 CEC (Certificate In Effective Communication)
from; NIIT Uniqua
Delhi (2010-11)
(pass in first division)
                                   
                                 B.Com (In Economics)
From; govt.P.G. college chhindwara
 Affiliated from; Dr.HarisinghGour University Sagar
 ( pass in first division) 2010-2013

                                            Tally E.R.P 9
From; Goodwill accounts academy Chhindwara.
Affiliated from: Tally academy Bengaluru
(pass in first division) 2009

12th (Commerce)
From: M.P. Board Bhopal
                                    (pass in first division) 2010


	
	

	Extra Curricular Activities 
	Organized the following cultural events at school
1.	Debate competition in the year 2010&2011
2.	Essay competition in the year 2011

	
Personal Information
	
Father’s Name; Narendra Kumar 

Date of Birth; 31/03/1991               

Marital Status; Single               

Nationality; Indian

Permanent Address; Ward no.3 Junnardeo dist. chhindwara  (M .P)

Hobbies and Interests: Playing Chess, Solving Puzzles




DECLARATION:-
              I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place-Gurgaon 
Date - --/--/----                                                                          (Ankit jhamb)
