














































Resume 

Kavya.S                     Email: kavyasrinivasa11@gmail.com 
                                                                        Contact number:8495996819 

 
 

Objective  
Seeking a starting position in software field with state art of technology where my knowledge can be 

put into use for the fulfillment of the organization objective.  

 

Technical skills  
 Good knowledge in CMS-Wordpress with exposure to various themes  

 Good knowledge in Manual Testing  

 Basic knowledge in technologies such as HTML-5,CSS-3  

 Basic knowledge in Data Base-MY SQL  

 Good knowledge of software applications and its type  

 Aware of various SDLC models followed in industry  

  Core Java  

o Inheritance and Polymorphism  

o Encapsulation ,Abstract classes  

o Interfaces and packages  

o Java Bean class and Singleton class  

 Advanced Java  

o Exception handling and I/O  

o Files and Serilalization  

o Networking and Multi-threading  

o Genrics  
 

 

 Qualification  
 

 Completed Bachelor of Engineering (2017) in Instrumentation and Technology from Malnad 
College of Engineering Hassan under VTU Belagavi with 6.8CGPA(61%).  

 Completed PUC from Sri Venkateshwara Pre-University College,Hassan (2013) under 
Secondary Karnataka State Board with 59%.  

 Completed SSLC from Aravinda English School, Hassan (2011) under Karnataka State Board 
with 86.08% . 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Achievements  

 
 Participated in the two days hands-on training programme on ‘Embedded System Design using 

Intel and ARM cores’.  

 Under gone one day In plant training in the ‘Process and Instrumentation in Sponge Iron 
Production’.  

  Participated in the one week FDP/workshop on ‘Digital Signal and Image Processing for 
Biomedical Applications’ organized by Dept of E&I Engineering in association with 

EDULIFE INDIA at Malnad college of Engineering, Hassan.  

 

Training  

 
 Completed Manual Testing and Java Training from Aradhya Brillance Center, 

Vijaynagar,Bangalore.  

 

Academic project  

 
 Ultrasonic Navigation aid for blind people  

 

Strengths  

 
 Pleasant personality complemented with a caring and responsible attitude.  

 Self- motivated, focused and dedicated.  

 Good Communication skills.  
 

Personal Details  

 Name      :Kavya.S  

 Father’s Name     :Late M.A Srinivas  

 Gender     :Female  

 Date of Birth     :11-11-1995  

 Languages known    :Kannada, English, Hindi  

 Present address    :#38/94,17th D Cross,JP Nagar 6th    phase,Banglore                                            

 

Declaration 

  
I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

(Kavya.S)  

Date:  
Place:Banglore 

 

 


