





































Resume


VINODKUMAR EEPURI
   
+91 9003056202
vinunvsvn@gmail.com
CAREER SNAPSHOT
· Having 1.5 years of Experience in the Marketing segment and served as in manager.
· Good knowledge in product describing, market research, promotional events and client approach.
· Hire and Trained field personnel through hands-on monitoring for the sales support. 
· As a team lead handled 5 members team, coordinated and motivated towards sales target.
· Have exposure in using of SWOT analysis, marketing tools like word of mouth, presentations.
· Hands on experience to providing or consuming fair product to the customers. 
· Exceptionally good communication skills both verbally and written.
· Very creative, innovative, Self - motivated and a quick learner with strong analytical, & leadership qualities.
· Acted as a middle man in between the company and the Distributors.
SKILL SET
	Languages
	Basics of Java & C, HTML

	Domains
	Foods & Beverages, FMCG

	Tools
	MS Office tools - MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint


CAREER CONTOUR
	Name of Organization
	From date
	To date
	Position

	Mankind Pharmacy Limited
	June2010
	June2011
	Senior Sales Executive

	Dairy Day Ice Creams Pvt. Ltd.
	Oct2011
	Mar2012
	Sales Executive


ACADEMIC PROFILE
	Qualification
	Score
	University/Board

	MBA (2010)
	71% 
	S.V.University, Tirupathi, A.P

	B.com (2007)
	59%
	S.V.University, Tirupathi, A.P

	HSC (2004)
	58%
	Board of Intermediate Education, A.P

	SSC (1999)
	68%
	Board of Secondary Education, A.P


CAREER EXPERIENCE
	Organization Name
	Mankind Pharmacy ltd.


	Organization Description
	Mankind pharmacy is a leading pharmaceutical company in India which has been launched OTC products (FMCG) in south India on 2010. It deals with the products like Deodorants for male and female, sanitorypads and pregnancy related which is not belongs to Pharmacy.

	
	

	Duration
	June-2010 – June2011


	Skills
	Market analysis, market researching, problem solving, outgoing, optimistic and team oriented.


	Roles     &
Responsibility
	As a Sales Representative:
· Single Territory handling.

· Appointing the Distributor or Dealer in the given territory

· Meeting with the chemists and Departmental stores.
· Detailing about the products.

· Getting Primary and Secondary orders.

· Forwarding the cheques to the company.

· Reporting to the head.

· Achieving the targets.
As a Senior Sales Representative :
· Handling the Team in different territories.

· Dealing with the distributors.

· Acted as a middle man in between the company and distributor.



	Organization Name
	Dairy Day Ice Creams


	Organization
 Description
	The Dary Day Ice Creams  has a strong sales network in South India, The company has got ISO-22000-2005 (FSMS) Certification for adherence to quality and consists of a supervision team of qualified Dairy Technologists, Its operating varies Ice Cream brands with good quality and taste.


	Duration
	Oct-2011 – Mar-2012


	Skills
	Capture Market share, Sales increasing, and Prompt supply.

	
	

	Roles & Responsibilities 
	· Finding the New outlets.
· Coordinating with the distributor.
· Handling the existing outlets.

· Order taking and supply.

· Doing promotional Activities.


ACADEMIC PROJECTS
· Major project - A STUDY ON RETAILERS’ SATISFACTION OF MTR ICE CREAMS @ BANGALORE.
The project measures the Retailer’s satisfactory levels of MTR Ice Cream at Bangalore, Project duration was two months. The total project gives brief information about ‘what the retailer is expecting from the Company and what the Company was providing ‘for the Retailers and if any gap will occurs how it can be filled. This information was collected by me and the report has been submitted to the Company as well as the University.      
· Minor project  - CHILD LABOUR .
The priject gives an information about the causes for chaild labour in Tirupati and how can we reduce the child labour.
PERSONAL PROFILE

· Father name

:
Nagaraju E

· Date of Birth

:
June15-1987
· Marital status

:
Single
· Languages known

:
English, Telugu, Tamil.
· Alternate Email

:
vinodnvsvn@gmail.com
· Current Address

:
Flat No. F3, First Floor, Amudha Avenue, Plot No. 32,





Park Street, Venus Colony, Sithalapakkam,








Chennai-600073.

Page | 1

