
















































Resume

Objective
Keen in building my experience in service industry as a customer service executive or any position which helps me deal with people. Seeking a position that will benefit from my customer service experience, positive interaction skills.
Personal Information
Name			: 	Steven Alphonse Dsouza
Contact Number	:	9769121066
Email Address		:	stevedzs1984@gmail.com
D.O.B.			:	13/09/1984
Marital Status		: 	Single
Fathers  Name		:  	Urban Dsouza
Mothers Name		: 	Lidwin Dsouza
Language Known 	: 	English, Hindi, Kannada, Konkani, Tulu.

Current Address	:	303, A Wing, Building #9
Dadasaheb Gaikwas Nagar CHS
Opp Kala Vidhyalaya.
Malwani, Malad West,
Mumbai

Permanent Address	:	Sacihithlu house,
Ullal Ulia, Ullal post, 
Mangaluru – 575020
Karnataka


Educational Qualification
	Level
	School/College
	University/Board
	Year Of Passing

	S.S.L.C
	St. Aloysius High School Mangalore
	Karnataka State Board
	2000

	Pre University
	St Aloysius PU College, Mangalore
	Karnataka State Board
	2002

	Bachelor of Social Work
	St Aloysius College, Mangalore
	Mangalore University
	2005

	Masters in social Work
	St Aloysius College, Mangalore
	Mangalore University
	2008 (Incomplete)

	PGDPM&IR
	Bharatiya Vdhya Bhavan
	Mumbai Universiy
	2008


Work Experience
Worked as a Senior Customer service representative in Intelenet Global Services (Barclays Bank PLC UK) from November 2015 till March 2018.
· Servicing customer general and account enquiries through phone. 
· Logging dissatisfaction of the customer and provide resolution to the same by thorough investigation.
· Logging fraud, dispute cases in the account.
· Worked as a Customer Advocacy coach (Customer Complaint Champ), assisting colleagues in logging complaint and also in resolving customer complaints.
· Helped in preparing training material on complaints for the new joiners 
· Knowledge in using Verint.
Worked as a Purchase incharge in Al Maghaweer  stables for H.H. Sheikh Hazza Bin Zayed Al Nahyan from September 2014 till April 2015 in Abu Dhabi, U.A.E.
· Collecting the material request from the stables and forwarding the same to the different suppliers for quotation.
· Preparing Comparison sheet and forwarding it to further approval.
· Preparing LPO (Local Purchase Order) and Submitting to the supplier.
· Follow up with the supplier regarding the ordered material.
· Preparing goods issue note and submitting the same to the finance dept.
Worked as a Store Keeper in James L Williams Middle East, Dubai, U.A.E. as a Store Keeper in charge.
· Maintaining the Inventory of the stock available and issued from the store.
· Maintaining files for LPOs and delivery order. Also for goods issue note.
· Monitoring the functioning of the store equipment and report problems and failures to the relevant supervisor.
· Report to the store manager on a regular basis regarding the need/ demand of material so that the future order placed accordingly.
· Stocking and labelling of materials as per racks and shelves. Maintaining the store as per safety requirement.
Worked as a medical social worker in ADAPT formerly known as Spastic Society of India from July 2008 to June 2009.
· Assessing the Child with special needs.
· Co coordinating with the therapist along with the parents to discuss the various steps to be taken for the progress of the child.
· Conducting community visit and preparing a data o children with special needs.

Steven Alphonse Dsouza						Date:
									Place:











