




















































	
Shruti U. Kunder                                                                                                    Shrutikunder1901@gmail.com                                                                                  
302, Sai Siddhi, Near Saraswat Bank, Station road,
Vikhroli (East), Mumbai 83
Mob No : 9769077591 / 8652603281
 (
LinkedIn Id: 
i
n.linkedin.com/pub/shruti-kunder/b8/320/249
)	





	



HR professional with an acumen of empathetic Human Resource behavior and measurable track record in Talent Acquisition (End to End Recruitment - Campus and off campus hiring). I want to learn as much as I can and want to seek responsibilities and opportunities with a focus on Human Resource Behavior. I aim to build my career in an organization that demands strong capabilities in people management with a good exposure to Talent Acquisition and Talent Management practices.



 (
Prof
essional 
Experience - 
September 1
st
, 2016
 – December 5
th
, 2017
)

 (
 
A global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing services, the Group reported 2016 global revenues of EUR 12.5 billion. Together with its clients, Capgemini creates and delivers business, technology and digital solutions that fit their needs, enabling them to achieve innovation and competitiveness. A deeply multicultural organization, Capgemini has developed its own way of working, the 
Collaborative Business 
Experience
, and draws on 
Right shore
, its worldwide delivery model.
)



Business Unit – Human Resources
Team – Recruitment (Campus Recruitment) 
Designation – Analyst - HR
Role Description - 
I am a part of the Talent Acquisition team and responsible for scheduling, sourcing and recruiting candidates by conducting end to end campus and off campus recruitment process.
KRA – 
· Handling all technical, non-technical and bulk hiring requirements for campus and off campus events – BSc / Engineering / MBA.
· Develop and implement Strategies, plans, policies, and procedures for recruitment.
· Work closely with the Talent Management and Hiring managers on requirement gathering; develop strategy for demand fulfillment.
· Co-ordinate Campus events, Conduct recruitment drives across location; coordinating with the Institute SPOC for event dates.
· Coordinating with the business panels and making transportation arrangements.
· Making Corporate Presentation in Campus Events.
· Screening an Identifying the Institute to be shortlisted for the campus events.
· Managing recruitment database, records for campus recruitments and document validation.
· Assess applicant’s relevant knowledge, skills, soft skills, experience and aptitude.
· Handling end to end recruitment. Sourcing of trend fresher (SAP certified) Candidates through various institutes and job posting.
· Handling the candidates for their interviews and other necessary chores. 
· Working for the requirements of major ACIS, FS, Infra, I&D, Apps NA, Apps UK.
·  Sourcing for positions at all levels Associate, Analyst (A4), Sr. Analyst (A5), Associate Consultant (B1), Consultant (B2), and Sr. Consultant (C1).
· Building and maintain a good quality database using the available resources to the optimum.
· Conducting Interviews through Telephone, F2F.
· Offer Letter release and coordinating C Hire completion of offered candidates. Working in Success factor (SAP).
· Cultivate and maintain relationships with candidates and clients
· Coordinate referral process of applicants · Utilize recruiting database and tools.
· Sourcing the talent from all the sources like portals, LinkedIn, Job Portals.
· Organize and planning of Recruitment Drives/Walk-ins and active participation to meet hiring numbers.
· Inform applicants of job duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits, work schedules and working conditions, and other related information.
· Solicit referrals from potential talent and internal employees/recent hires.
· Manage multiple reports on the hiring requirements for the team.

 (
Summer and Winter Internship
)



	Date
	Organization
	Role
	Duration

	HPCL ( Mumbai Refinery)
	May 2015 – June 2015
	HR Intern
	2 months

	Innov Source Pvt Ltd
	Feb 2016- March 2016
	HR Intern
	2 months



Project Summary 

HPCL 
· Job Analysis of Management employees at Hindustan Petroleum Company Ltd.
Revamped Job Descriptions of Management Cadre Technical Section and Collated information for JD’s through Interviews with all employees across all levels.

Innov Source Pvt Ltd

· Sourcing candidates for different designations from job portals and assisting in interviews Identifying and getting in contact with different institutes across Mumbai and Bangalore. Shortlisting students for campus recruitment  – Management Trainee Program


Awareness and Impact of Big Data Analysis in Human Resources.


 (
Education
)



	
Qualification
	
Institute
	
Board / University
	
Year
	
Percentage

	
	
	
	
	

	
MMS- HR
	Guru Nanak Institute of Management Studies
	University of Mumbai
	2014-16
	75%

	M.Com (Management)
	Mumbai University – IDOL
	University of Mumbai
	2012-14
	51%

	B.Com B & I (Bachelors of Banking and Insurance)
	Mulund College of Commerce
	University of Mumbai
	
2009-12
	78%

	
HSC- Commerce
	Smt. C H M college, Ulhasnagar
	Maharashtra State Board
	2007-09
	81%

	
SSC
	P M M Inner Wheel School, Ambernath
	Maharashtra State Board
	2007
	83%





 (
Achievements
)



· Achieved Best Student Award (HR) 2014-16 from GNIMS.
· Nomination for Best Summer and Winter Project in HR.
· Class Academic Topper consequently in three semesters (2014-16)
· Runner up at Ms.GNIMS (Personality contest) at VIRSA’15.
· Secured Third Rank at T.Y.B.com-Banking and Insurance at Mulund College of Commerce 2012.


 (
Certificate Courses
)


· Certification in Early Childhood Education Teacher Training program – Treehouse.
· Post Graduate Diploma in Banking from IFBI

 (
Personal Details
)

 
      Date of Birth:                      19/01/1991                    Marital Status :                     Single
      Nationality: 		           Indian                            Languages Known :              English, Hindi, Marathi, Tulu   
*******









