










































Karthikeyan Venkatesan

SURENDAR R
3/429, Narayana Swami Street,
Palavakkam,
Chennai- 600041





     
Mobile: +91 8939084369                                                 Email: surendar1691992@gmail.com
A Fraud risk management analyst with experience in transaction monitoring (fraud detection) of secure online transactions which are made from credit/debit card & net banking.


                                    HDB financial services Pvt ltd (formerly ADFC Pvt Ltd)    
 Designation: Officer                                                                                Period:July-2016 to present





Fraud risk management
HDFC bank-Risk Intelligence & Control Unit - Monitoring for Secure online transactions
· Monitoring secured online transactions in the authentication as well as authorization levels to prevent and detect frauds.
· Monitoring the alerted transactions by reviewing various factors like reason for the alert, negative rules, transaction originating sources(Device ID, IP, IP country, ISP, type of device, OS version), time of transaction, merchant, merchant category, amount, customer profile, previous transaction pattern, travel plan of customer, confirmation of customer on expected usage.
· Calling out customers for the suspected transaction attempts to confirm on the genuineness and to block the cards where the transactions done without the customer’s knowledge.
· Challenging the customer with series of questions to differentiate the fraud types- phishing, vishing and also on the suspected first party fraud cases which will help investigation team for conclusion
· Assisting customers by communicating procedures for disputed transactions and also on reissuing the cards 

· Taking care of fraud marking, blacklisting & deduping the necessary details for all disputed cases to detect & prevent further frauds 

· Initiating reversal requests to merchants & acquiring banks for recovering the amount of disputed transaction and also for getting beneficiary details for investigation.

· Responsible to refer and tracking of the suspected frauds with Regional investigation team & branches.
· Acting the fraud reported cases from various channels and handling the immediate actions like fraud marking, blacklisting & Deduping of necessary details associated with disputed transactions.

· Reviewing the daily reported fraud cases, highlighting the change in fraud trends with team members and supervisors in order to change the monitoring approaches to address the new trends
· Sampling of transactions to ensure the fraud prevention parameters are working and reporting to analytics team in case any breaches in the authentication & authorization systems.
· Studying on fraud trends and continual support to the analytics team to minimize the frauds as well as to sharpen the false positive ratio (no of frauds vs no of alerts).

· Analysis on Real time rules for suggesting parameter changes
Process Management:
· Handling customer queries related to cards and net-banking via mail and calls.

· Maintaining and auditing the blocking, disputing trackers

· Preparing monthly shift roasters
· Analysed and measured the process knowledge of team members at regular intervals and updated the management.
Technical Skills: 

· MS office 


Educational Profile
	Qualification
	College/Institutes
	Board/
University
	Year
	Aggregate

	B.E (Mechanical Engineering)
	Dhanalakshimi Srinivasan college of Engineering and Technology
	Anna University, Chennai
	2011-2015
	7.31

(First class)

	H.S.C
	Chennai Higher Secondary School, Thiruvanmiyur.
	State Board
	2009-2011
	82%

	S.S.L.C
	Chennai Higher Secondary School, Thiruvanmiyur. 
	State Board
	2008-2009
	93%






Personal Details
Name: 


R Surendar
Father’s name: 

M Ramalingam
DOB: 


16-Sep-1992
Gendar: 

Male

Hobbies: 

Playing Cricket, watching movies
Languages known: 
Tamil, English

