






















































CURRICULAM-VITAE


RESUME
Shailesh G. Kori

61, Azad Nagar,

Mithagar Road, Mulund (East)

Mumbai - 400081

Mobile:- +919870675571

Email:- cool_shailesh777@rediffmail.com
Career Objective

A challenging position in a professional organization, where I can enhance my skills and strengths in conjunction with the company’s goals and objectives. To do hard work is my main aim.

Work Experience:

Organization    :  Lionbridge Technologies ltd.

Duration
:     February 2010 to May 2012

Designation
:     Senior Helpdesk Associate

· Key Responsibilities:

· Troubleshooting of critical issues on various applications of US based Client from Healthcare domain.

· Worked on troubleshooting of VPN, Hardware & Network Support related issues. Also used to take care of various applications & software based troubleshooting..

· Creating Warehouse request for IT equipments and to manage them.

· Escalating issues to the concern department as per the requirements of the issues.

· Look into escalations & interact with client’s corporate team at Fort Smith on regular basis.

· Most Carefully Handling issues of Corporate employees of Golden living (Project).

Organization    :   Firstsource Solutions Ltd.
Duration
:     November 2008 – Feb 2010

Designation
:     Senior Customer service associate

· Key Responsibilities:

· Handling Customer queries of Indian customers.

· Escalating issues

· To handle a team in the absence of Team Leader.
· Auditing Service requests of agents when moved to Quality Management Team.     

Academic Qualifications :

Academic Qualification
  Institute
    Year of passing
   Percentage                   
        S.S.C 
Mumbai Board
          2003

       58.80%

        H.S.C
Mumbai Board
          2005                            64.83%

        T.Y.Bcom
Mumbai Board            2008                            58.50%

Professional Ethics & Aspirations :

Management: of time relationships data information.

Planning:  the work & working the plan

Co-ordination: with superiors, peers & other concerned persons.

Ambitions: to be performance oriented & reliable professional.

Personal Details :

Name                              : Mr. Shailesh Kori

Father’s Name               : Mr. Ghanshyam Kori


Date of Birth                 : 10th June 1988

Marital Status               : Single

Hobbies                        : Listening to Music, Playing Cricket, playing Chess

Language Known         : English, Hindi, Marathi

Date   :

Place  : 

                                                                                                                  (Shailesh G. Kori)

