















































 Piyali Goswami                
  Experience: 1 yr. 6 months
  DOB: 05-Dec-1992

  #4/70,Jatindas Nagar, Ward No-34
  P.O/P.S-Belgharia
  North 24 Parganas,
  West Bengal, India
  Kolkata-700056
  Phone: +91-9674572785
  Email: piyaligoswami005@gmail.com
Objective:                                                                                                                                              

Seeking for a position of Network engineer and want to work with a progressive and forward-thinking organization, where I can utilize my skills for company benefit that will also help to improve my career.
Technical Skill: 

· Networking 
· Php
· Java

· C & C++
· MS-Office
· Photoshop CS-5
Professional Experience: 

Trainee Engineer                                                      Mar 2016 to Sep 2017
Adroit Information Technology Academy - Kolkata (West Bengal)
Internships:

                                                    Intern under Official Project                                 Oct 2017 to April 2018
Indian Statistical Institute - Kolkata (West Bengal)

Certification: 

  -C, C++, Java, php

· CMC
Project Details: 

·   Project title: Website developments of the SQC & OR Division                Oct 2017 to April 2018
Client: Govt. India                                                                                               

Project Location: Kolkata
Role: Intern 

Project Details:  During the project I was developing the website by using the language PHP & html for ISI/Govt. India. In that period, I was used Dreamweaver software. That website actually designs for getting the information about the ISI. 

·   Project title: Network support                                                                                Mar 2016 to Sep 2017
Client: Airtel & BSNL
Project Location: Kolkata
Role: Trainee Engineer 
Project Details:  Basically, I was doing network support for user end customer like packet drop, latency as well as MAC bunding. If customer facing packet drop issue, then I was check how many packets sent & how many packets are received by using command prompts also check the how much TTL or latency at particular IP. Then call the customer to Jack in jack out the cable or replace the cable. If it’s resolved then close the TT or assign the TT to L2 engineer.

Education: 

	B.Tech in Computer Science, 
B.P Poddar Institute of Management & Technology– West Bengal, India
	  Pursuing 

	Makaut – West Bengal, India
	


	Diploma in Computer Science & Technology, 70.41%
Kingston Polytechnic College– Barasat, West Bengal, India
	         2015

	West Bengal State Council of Technical Education – West Bengal, India
	


Secondary Education (10th), 40.38%                                                                            2010
Belgharia Jatindas Vidyamandir for Girls’ High School – Belgharia, West Bengal, India

West Bengal Board of Secondary Education – Kolkata, West Bengal, India
 Other Information: 

    Spirit of Team Management, Teamwork, Smart work, Sincerity, Adaptable any Situation
    I am conversant with English, Hindi, and Bengali

My hobbies include experiment with new instruments, researching information about new technology, and experiment in any computer operating system, water painting and swimming.
I hereby affirm that all information presented in this document is accurate.
Place: Kolkata                                                                                       (PIYALI GOSWAMI)

