














































SAIFALI JAIN 
     7042865039 

jain.shaifali10@gmail.com 
 
 

O B J E C T I V E 
 

 
Financial and IT Risk Professional having experience in diversified fields of IT & Business development 

services, combining strong Analytical, Managerial and financial skills with business wisdom to positively 

contribute to the organization’s bottom line. 
 

P R O F I L E S N A P S H O T 
 

 MBA (Finance) with 3 years of exposure in: 
~ Internal Audit ~ Financial Analysis ~ Project Management 
~ MIS Reporting ~ Forex Audit ~ Risk management & Coordination 

 

 Currently associated with Fcm Travel Solutions ,Hyderabad as Senior Executive in Risk and Audit 
Division. 

 Experienced in Internal Auditing, Financial Management, Planning, auditing. 
 Interaction with various functional heads and their team in getting required information. 
 Preparing Questioners for auditing areas. 
 Preparation of audit report and submit it to the top management. 

 Carrying out risk based audits and recommending the controls to plug the control gaps based on business 

process understanding. 
 Reconciling Bank statement with vendor ledger statement and finding our ageing of client debtors.
 Ensures compliance with established internal control procedures by examining records, reports, operating 

practices, and documentation. 
 Prepares audit and control reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information. 

 
C O R E C O M P E T E N C I E S 

 
Internal Auditing: Evaluates and reports risk management issues and internal control deficiencies identified 
directly to the audit committee and provides recommendations for improving the organization’s operations in 
terms of both efficient and effective performance. 

 
Project Management: Able to handle the audit from the start to the finalization. Collaborated with the client to 
identify critical project outcomes, work products, barriers to success, and changes in expectations or scope. 

 
Financial Analysis: Analyzes financial status by collecting, monitoring and studying data. Reconciles 
transactions by comparing and correcting data and recommending actions to management. 
 

 

E M P L O Y M E N T D E T A I L S  
Since Oct’15: Fcm Travel Solutions, Hyderabad as Senior Executive 

 
Responsibilities:  

 Perform internal audits on monthly basis.
 Monthly reconciliation of client bank accounts, Analysis and Aging of Client Debtors. 


 Performing risk assessments on key business activities and using this information to guide what to 

cover in audits. 


 Assessing how well the business is complying to rules and regulations and informing management 
whether any issues need addressing. 

 Conducting Forex audits.



Jan’15-Oct’15: SS Kothari Mehta and Company, Delhi as Audit Executive 
Projects Handled: 
 
Title: General Motors, Gurgaon 
Period: Jan 2015-April-2015 
Type of Audit: Internal Audit 

Title: Orient Craft Limited, Gurgaon 
Period: May 2015 - June 2015 

Title: Vatika Hotels Pvt. Ltd. 
Period: June 2015 –Sep 2015 
  

 I N T E R N S H I P 

Title: Designing Risk control matrix & mitigation strategies for various IT and Financial 
 process of the firm 
Organization: Li & Fung Private Ltd, Gurgaon 
Period: Jun’13 to Jul’13 
Role: Trainee 
 
Description: 
 Studying IT and Financial process of the company; 
 Identifying the risk associated with various IT and Financial process 
 Designing the matrix for the identified risk 
 Recommending mitigation strategies for the identified risk 
 Assisting in effective Program Management of the risk control matrix 

 

E D U C A T I O N 
 
 MBA (Finance, Marketing) from Indian Institute of Information and Technology, Allahabad in 2014 

with 80% 
 B.Com. from Dr. B R Ambedkar University, Agra in 2010 with 56% 
 12th from St. Mary’s Inter College, Etawah, C.B.S.E Board in 2007 with 77.6% 
 10th from St. Mary’s Inter College, Etawah, C.B.S.E Board in 2005 with 72% 
 

S K I L L S 

 
 Competency in MS Office, Advance Excel, V-look up, H-look up, Pivot table. 

 Good Analytical skills. 

 Team Player. 

 Ability to Multitask and Prioritize. 

 Good Communication and Presentation skills 

 
E X T R A C U R R I C U L A R A C T I V I T I E S 

 

 First prize winner in dancing event held in the St. Johns College Agra. 
 Second prize winner in the drama competition called Innovation held at St. Johns College Agra. 
 Actively participating in all the business related events held at St. Johns College Agra. 
 Co-organizer of college fest AAHWAN in 2012 at IIIT Allahabad. 
 Actively participated in all sports related event held at IIIT Allahabad. 

 

 P E R S O N A L D E T A I L S 

Date of Birth: 14th June, 1989 
Address: Kondapur Masjid Banda, Hyderabad-500084 
Languages Known: Hindi, English  


