














































ANAND KUMAR PATEL 

      
Location: - Bangalore 

Mobile: - +91 7566513084 

E-Mail:-patel.anand1892@gmail.com 
Skype-Id:-anandpateladpatel@hotmail.com 

Career Objective 
 

To seek a responsible position in IT world. To be a Competent Software Professional through consistent 
updating of skills. Contributing significantly to the organization and to serve the organization with utmost 
commitment and dedication. 

 

Professional Overview 
 

 2.5 Years of experience as Software Developer in software design, analysis, development and 
implementation of web and client server applications using Microsoft Technologies. 

 Hands on in application development using with .NET, Web Forms in ASP.NET MVC using C#.NET as the 
code-behind language and Entity Framework and LINQ TO SQL as the Database data consumer. 

 Extensive experience in design using .NET and Web technologies like , CSS, JQuery, and HTML  

 Experience in writing Stored Procedures using MS SQL Server 2012. 

 Good analytical and problem solving skills. 

 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 

 Able to work independently as well as in a team environment. 
 

 

Experience( 2 + Year) 
 

 Worked with Chetu India Pvt. Ltd. as a Software Developer from June 2017 – Till Now 

 Worked with Parkhya Solution Pvt. Ltd. as a Software Developer from Aug 2014 – Sep 2016 

 
 

Qualifications 
 

 Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Communications from RGPV University Bhopal (M.P.) with 67.72% 
in 2014. 

 Higher Secondary Certificate (12
th

) from MP Board Bhopal (M.P.) with 78.80% in 2010. 

 High School Certificate (10
th

) from MP Board Bhopal (M.P.) with 84.80% in 2007. 
 

Technical Skills  
 

Languages  :              C#.Net, Sql 
Web Technologies : Asp.Net Mvc, Ajax, Json, JQuery, HTML 
Database  : MS sql server 2012 
Connectivity             :              Entity Framework 
Framework   : .Net 4.0 
IDE                :              Visual Studio 2012/2013 

 Middleware Tools :  IIS 8.0 

 

Project   : Clinic Management System 

Duration  : December 2015 – September 2016 

Projects 

mailto:patel.anand1892@gmail.com
mailto:anandpateladpatel@hotmail.com


Role   : Dotnet Developer 
Client   : Wipro Limited 
Technology used : C#.Net, Asp.net mvc 5.0, Entity Framework, Sql server 2012, Ajax, JQuery, Html 
Team Size  : 5 
 

Description: 

This project is developed for hospital software Review patient medical records for accuracy and prepared records for 
release to authorized patients. Organized chart holding facilities assisted training staff. Hospital software which helps 
in efficient clinic management by managing doctor appointments scheduling, patient registration medical billing 
result entry and administrative activity the master entries can be made in the definition module. The definition 
module is used for defining organization details. A comprehensive patient data is collected using patient registration 
module patient contact information, Patient, Doctor, Companies. 

 
Project   : I-Care  

Duration  : December 2014 – November 2015 

Role   : .Net Developer 
Client   : Wipro Limited 
Technology used : C#, Asp.net mvc 4.0, Entity Framework, sql server 2012, Ajax, JQuery, Html. 
Team Size  : 5 
 
Description: 
In this project there are four parts, i.e. Administrators, User, Godown and Staff the administrator provides authority 
to the users. For adding inventory stock. The user is needed to enter username and password. In Godown part the 
whole inventory is managed efficiently. The administrator or user exactly knows about the current stock of a 
commodity and also there are re-ordering level on matching with the current stock. The user is intimated about 
placing order for the commodity. 

Project   : SmartEdutech 

Duration  : June 2017 - August 2017 

Role   : .net Developer 
Client   : CDS Logistics 
Technology used :            Asp.Net Mvc 5.0, Sql Server 2012, Html 
Team Size  : 4 
 
Description: 
The prime focus of this project is to develop a healthy relationship amongst the students, there guardians and school 
using modern technology. One of our volunteers is use facilities to inform parents about presence of their child in 
the school on any given day and also to inform parents/students about important activities of the school this will to a 
large extent, help a school save its time & money; simultaneously, we shall provide assistance to financially weak but 
deserving students. 

Responsibilities: 

 Responsible for understanding user requirements, designing and developing the application. 

 Involved in the development of Presentation Logic for GUI of ASP.NET MVC pages. 

 Used Entity Framework to interact with SQL Server Databases. 

 Used Data Annotation validations Controls for Clint & Server Side validations.  

 Used Java Script validations for Compare Validation, Regular Expression validation. 

 Involved in creation of stored procedures in MS SQL Server 2012. 

 
Name   : Anand kumar patel 
Date of Birth  : 18

th
 Feb, 1992 

Language Known : English, Hindi 
Present Address : 117, Roopena Agrahara, 6

th
 cross Bommanahalli Bangalore 560068 

 

Personal Information 



“   I hereby declare that the facts given in resume are correct to best of my knowledge and belief.  ” 
Date: -                                                                                                                                                                                              

Place: - Bangalore                                                                                                                                             Anand Kumar patel 


