













































NAVNEET KAUR SHERGILL


Wasim Akram  
Quraishi Mohalla, Railpar, Asansol, 713302 

Contact: 9333822044, 7908427848 Email: wasimakramamie@gmail.com Date of Birth: 05.05.1988  

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER .NET PROFESSIONAL – IT INDUSTRY 
Offering 4.9  years of rich and diversified experience; seeking challenging assignments across the industry 

SUMMARY OF SKILLS 
 

 Technically competent professional with experience in Software Development, Web application development and API 

Development, Data Base Design in MSSQL.   

 Proficient in technologies like c#, asp.net, MVC4, ADO.NET,VB.Net, AJAX, JSON, JQUERY, HTML5,CSS3,BOOTSTRAP & 

database design techniques and documentation. Skilled in swiftly ramping up projects with competent cross-functional skills 

and ensuring on-time delivery within pre-set parameters. 

 Well versed in analysing the web application, functional design, and development.  

 Well equipped with MVC4 with ADO.net  
 Proven ability in quick understanding and learning of new technologies and their application in business solutions 
 Excellent ability to plan, organize and prioritize my work to meet every deadline on time and keep customer satisfaction 

index at the highest possible level 

 Good analytical and problem solving skills with excellent understanding of system development methodologies, techniques 

and tools. 
 

Core Competencies 

Project Management  Software Development with custom requirement  Debugging  Code Management  Bug Free 

Code Interoperability  Software Quality  Product Management  Requirement Gathering  Bug Tracking  

Documentation and Reporting  Liaising & Coordination   
 

Technical Skills Set 

Technologies C#,ASP.NET,MVC4.2,ADO.NET,MSSQL,VB.NET,AJAX,HTML5,CSS3,BOOTSTRAP,API,GEOCODE,GOOG

LE API 

Development Tools Visual Studio 2015,2013,2012,2010,2008 ,SQL Server Management Studio 2012,2008 

RDBMS Microsoft SQL Server 2012 

Language C#,C, SQL 

Operating System Windows 2010,2008,2007,XP 

Hosting Management Plex server dedicated, remote server IIS 8,Reseller Plex and Shared Hosting 

 

Areas of Expertise 

 MVC4 with C# for web application development 

 Development web application like cab booking, service provider, Tour and Travel, Real State websites, CMS website , CRM 

website, Online Exam 

 Development desktop application like Stock Management System, Document Management System, Medical Store 

Management System, Billing System with Accounts, Diagnostic Centre Billing System 

 Database design for response minimum time 

 Good knowledge in AJAX and JQUERY,JAVA SCRIPT,HTML5,Bootstrap,CSS3 

 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 

Chartered of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering, 2016  

Institution of Engineers (India) (IEI) 

Diploma in Computer Science and Technology, 2011 

Kanyapur Polytechnic, Asansol, 713305 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Have total experience of 4 years and 9 month in software development field 

 

 



 

Company Name Duration 

I Global Impact Ites PVT LTD Dec 2015 – till Now 

Swadesh Software Pvt. Ltd May 2015- Nov 2015 

Wingz Infotech May 2014-May 2015 

Tech Unicorn Feb 2013-april 2014 

 

.Net Developer 
 

 Lead developer in window application and web application. 

 Worked in window application using C# and web application using MVC with C#. 

 Coordinate with the team members; allocating resources among team members and guiding them till the final delivery. 

 Holding review meetings to monitor progress of the project as per schedule, and ensuring timely completion & delivery of 

the project to the client. 

 Responsible for Requirement Analysis by interacting with the client, Design, Module Management. 

 Ensuring product delivery on time while adhering to quality assurance and conducting root cause analysis for defects in 

certified release.  

PROJECT PROFILE 

Project 1: 

Title:   Efare (www.efare.us) Cab Booking 

Client Location:  Iinternational USA 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript,Jquery 

Description: 

                      

This is a cab booking website with user sign up, login, profile manage; add driver, online booking cab and lots of features. it is also 

connect with mobile app through api. Mobile and website data is synchronize, for this reason mobile user can login and manage 

booking and all others things via website. Payment gateway PayPal is integrated.  

 

Role:    Development Team Member 

 Guide and support the team in development. 

 Conducted manual test execution and prepared the deliverable like Bug Report. 

 Handel the google geo code and google api to pinpoint the map and location with lat and long. 

 Payment gateway PayPal express checkout is integrated.  

 Involved in Api development (JSON Return api for IOS and Android Developer) 

Project 2: 

 

Title:   Tesla One Way (www.Tesla1way.com) Cab Booking 

Client Location:                 USA 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, query 

Descriptions: Tesla is one of the famous car services, in this website three types of user driver, company, passenger, 

and children and also a super admin. Cab booking is available with manually select driver and also 

automatic select driver. Driver can sign up with in any company, company can approved the driver. Also 

admin can add driver. Similarly parent and child relation is applicable. It has also api because this 

website has an android app in play store. 

Role: Development Team Member 

 Handel the google geo code and google api to pinpoint the map and location with lat and long. 

 Square payment gateway and PayPal express checkout is integrated. 

 JSON Return Api for IOS and Android Developer 
 

Project 3: 

Title:   Express Home (www.expresshome.co.uk) Various Kind Of Services 

Client Location:  UK based  

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery. 

Descriptions: This is a high end project with lots of feature in it . it is made with the reference website 

www.quiqup.com this website has an super admin and sub admin. Basically it is a service and delivery 

oriented website like courier services, cleaning services, laundry and also different services. 

 



 

Role:                      Project Lead  

 Lead Developer in Development. 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, and module design. 

 Involve in research and development. 

 Square payment gateway PayPal express checkout is integrated. 

 Also involved in development with other team members 
 

Project 4: 

Title:   Lingaru (Lingaru.com) Restaurant Management System 

Client Location  UK 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery. 

Description: This is a high-end restaurant management system, here guest can order their food according to their 

dish, also it has an admin panel for manage the whole system.it has a super admin to control the sub 

user and admin. Guest can update his/her profile and set the favourite dishes, lots of feature and 

functionality is there. 

Role:   Project Lead 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, and module design, module division. 

 Also involved in development with other team members. 
 

Project 5: 

Title:   Nude Dinner (www.nudedinner.com) Restaurant Management System 

Client Location:  UK 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery. 

Description: Online dating site that involve online chatting system with the members. Here member can search 

partner for dating 

Role:   Team Member 

 Chatting module integration with signal R. 

 Involved in development with other team members on different modules. 

Project 6: 

Title:   KODAK EXPRESSES ANGEL (www.kodakexpressngel.com) Photo printing solution 

Client Location:  USA 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript,Jquery 

Description: Online photo printing web application. Where customer can upload their pictures with editing and 

can order for printing for different size. The printed photos would be either delivered or can be 

collected from the store. 

 

Role:    Project Lead 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, and module design. 

 Involved in development of website. 

Project 7: 

Title:   Aim Support Online  Online exam solution 

Client Location:  USA 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery 

Description: Online exam portal. Where registered students can give online semester or course exam. That also 

involved face reorganization. 

 

Role:    Team member 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, and module design. 

 Involved in development of online exam part, Database design. 

 Involve in the creation of masters in admin panel. 

 



 

 

 

 

 

Project 8: 

Title:   E-Buy n Sell (www.ebuynsell.com) Online Shopping System 

Client Location:  India 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, query 

Description: Online shopping solution. Where seller and buyer can register themselves. Buyer can contact with the 

seller for ordering product. Buyer can see online seller and can chat with them. 

 

Role:    Team member 

 Involved in some modules in development. 

 Involved in testing and bug fixing. 

Project 9: 

Title:   Document Management System  

Client Location:  Ghana 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, C# 

Description: Document Management System is a power full desktop application for tracking the versions of file. It 

includes the full tracking system for file modifications. 

Role:    Team member 

 Involved in some modules in development. 

 Involved in testing and bug fixing. 

 Chat system integration 

 Graphical representation of file movement. 

Project 10: 

Title:   Stock Management System 

Client Location:  India 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, C# 

Description: Stock Management System is a power full desktop application for tracking stock in and out. Purchase 

order tracking, Sales and invoice creation. Daily report for payment, sales, invoice and payment 

receive. 

Role:    Project Lead 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, development, and module design 

 Involved in testing and bug fixing. 

 Involved in database design and project development 

Project 11: 

Title:   Medical Store Management System 

Client Location:  India 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, C# 

Description: Medical Store Management System is a power full desktop application for tracking stock in and out. 

Purchase order tracking, Sales and invoice creation. Daily report for payment, sales, invoice and 

payment receive. 

Role:    Project Lead 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, development, and module design 

 Involved in testing and bug fixing. 

 Involved in database design and project development 

Project 12: 

Title:   Holidayhaul (holidayhaul.com) Tour and travel solution 

Client Location:  UAE 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, query 



Description: Holidayhaul is a tour and travel website where user can find their touring places and can book a 

suitable package with different package options . 

Role:    Project Lead 

 Lead Developer in Development. 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, and module design. 

 PayFort payment gateway integrated. 

 Also involved in development with other team members 

Project 13: 

Title:   Khupho   Realstate Website 

Client Location:  UK 

Technology:  Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2008, MVC 4, Bootstrap, HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, query 

Description: Khupho is a real state website where user can find properties with a suitable price, can chat with the 

agents of particular properties. Agent can add properties for selling. 

Role:    Project Lead 

 Lead Developer in Development. 

 Carried out the initial study of the application. 

 Involved in requirement analysis, feasibility analysis, and module design. 

 Chat integration, sticky note  integrated. 

 Also involved in development with other team members 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

  

 


