








































AniketPandey.doc.docx.docx

SHREYA P BHATT                               

Summary

To work in a progressive organization where I can enhance my skills and learning to contribute to the Success of the organization.	


Educational qualification


	Degree
	University / College
	Year
	Aggregate

	MSC
(Bio Analytical Science)

	Mumbai / G. N. Khalsa College
	2016
	Grade ‘A’

	BSC
(Microbiology)

	University of Mumbai / Modern College, Vashi 
	2014
		67%




	HSC
(Higher Secondary School Certificate)

	Mumbai / Bharti Vidya peeth College
	2011
		58%




	SSC
(Secondary School Certificate)
	Mumbai / D. Y. Patil School
	2009
		75%







Certified Courses / Workshops

· Patent Claim Drafting workshop , G. N. Khalsa College
· National Workshop on Recent Trends in Analytical Chemistry , Modern College
· National Conference on “Microbiology Horizons in Biomedical Sciences”
· Maharashtra State Certificate in Information Technology (MS-CIT)
· Qualified Ph.D Entrance Test
· State level Seminar on “Alternatives to Animal Experimentation : A need of The Day” in SNDT 
Womens, College.
Internship / Project involved

· 1 and a half month training experience in Pilot Test House Export Inspection Agency (PTH),  
              Andheri from July 2015 – August 2015 
· Performed quality testing of different food samples.
· 1 month training experience in Zydus Takeda Healthcare Pvt. Ltd., Thane – Belapur Road,
              From 1st June 2015 – 30th June 2015.

·  Ayush Project – involved standardization of raw materials and preparation of Ayurvedic   
           formulations.


Work Experience

·     Started with teaching in Bright Classes
· Taught Chemistry, Microbiology, Physics and Psychology to First year graduate students.
·     Presently working as a junior physician partner in IKS Healthcare for 1 year and 4 months.
·     Achieved 99% quality with 100% production.
·     Working as an internal auditor for 6 months in team.
·     Daily work includes use of excel, preparing audit report, using V lookup tool and Citrix  
            software.

Hands on Training and Apparatus Skills

·     Hardness Test Apparatus
·     Ph Meter
·     High Performance Thin Layer Chromatography
·     Muffle Furnace
·     Extraction Technique ( LLE , SPE )
·     High Performance Liquid Chromatography
·     Gas Chromatography
Knowledge of Instruments

·      Headspace GC

    Also Have Knowledge of 

·     Analytical method Development
·     Analytical Method Validation
·     Method Transfer
Other curricular activities

· Motivational Speaker
· Member of Organizing Committee of Synkron Biofest 2015 organized by Department of Life  
Science in KBP College.
· Member of organizing Committee of College Festival in 2016 in G.N Khalsa College.
· Event Head during the Intercollegiate festival Paradigm 2016 in Guru Nanak Institute of 
	Research and Development.

Personal Details

Name			: Shreya Purshwardhan Bhatt
Address  		: Flat No.103, Creative Hormony, Plot number 63, Sector – 23, Ulwe, Dist Raigad, Navi 
                         	 	  Mumbai - 410 206.
Phone # 		: 91-9757409749
Email ID		: shreyabhatt48@gmail.com
Date of Birth       	: 29th September, 1993
Gender        	      	: Female
Nationality         	: Indian
Marital status        	: Unmarried
Languages known	: English, Hindi and Marathi.
Hobbies		: Reading, playing badminton and explore new things.

Declaration


I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.




Date :- 										( Shreya Purshwardhan Bhatt)
