



























































NIKHIL MILIND CHIKANE

Mobile : 9004166767
Email : ganeshchikane2727@gmail.com

Master Of S
15	                                          RR                                        Email   : 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

An attentive and detail oriented individual with more than three years of Home Loan and Mortgage Loan processing experience. Have comprehensive knowledge of conventional and government loan program.
Posse's notable success in making achievement in loan processing business by having some key strength to help in the process as following.

Qualifications:
· Data Entry Accuracy
· Customer Service Skill
· Verbal and Written Communication
· MS Office Proficency (Word,Powerpoint,Excel,Outlook)
· Risk Analysis and Management
· Data Analysis and Reporting
· Able to learn quickly, be organized, handle multiple tasks and have customer service attitude, self-motivated and comfortable working in a team environment.
·  Excellent interpersonal skill

Professional Experience:
Working as a Home Loan and Mortgage Loan Processor at IDBI Bank Ltd and Disha Finance Associate Partner.
(2015 – Present)
Provide support to Loan officer and underwriter teams by ensuring the timely, judicious and accurate processing of mortagages. Review and verify borrower’s income, credit reports employment histories, property appraisals and tittle insurance information to prepare loan applications for underwriting submittal. Ensure compliance with company polices, underwriting guidelines and lending- program requirements.

Key achievements:
· Regarded as one of the company’s most productive loan processor, handling many files at a time.
· Facilitated the customer with finance insight relating to the loan application.
· Persuading the clients to apply for the best loan option.
· Ensured all files were complete prior to underwriting hand-off and co-ordinated effectively with title companies to ensure smooth closings.
· Processed challenging loan applications (Eg.First time borrowers, self-employed applicants and borrowers with problematic credit histories).
· Diligent and detail oriented – thorough in gathering borrower information, verifying preapproval to closing.
· Provided friendly service to individuals and commercial customers.
Educational Qualifications

	Course
	
	Stream
	Institute
	Board / University
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	B.Com
	
	Commerce
	Indira Gandhi College
	University of Mumbai
	2015
	      Sem I : 54.57%
Sem II : 55.57%
 Sem III : 45.42%
 Sem IV : 52.33%
Sem V : 49.57%
Sem VI : Passed (Result awaiting)

	H.S.C.
	
	Commerce
	Indira Gandhi College
	Maharashtra State Board
	2011
	46.83%

	S.S.C.
	
	-
	Sangmitra Vidyalaya

	Maharashtra State Board
	2009
	50.30%



Skill 

Computer Skills:
MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook), Adobe Photoshop CS3, Data Gathering and Browsing.

Co-Curricular and Extra Curricular Activities
Co-Curricular ACTIVITIES 
· Attended Army Training 
· Participated in Treckking
Personal Details 
· Date of Birth		: 07/05/1994
· Languages Known	: English,Hindi,Marathi
· Nationality		: Indian
· Religion			: Hindu
· Marital Status		: Single
· Hobbies                         :Poetry writing

Declaration
I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are correct.

Place	: Mumbai

										   	 Nikhil Milind Chikane
