














































 

 

 

SRIDEVI YATHIRAJYAM 

 

Address: Flat. No: A-302,  
Uma Sree Dream World, 

 Opp Hotel Ekaa, Kudlu Gate,  

Hosur Main Road, Bangalore-560068. 

Email Id: yathiras11@gmail.com 

Tel No.: 9505524270. 
 

 
CURRICULUM VITAE 

  

  
 

Objective: 
 

Seeking responsible position which; 

 Will utilize my education and provide me with varied experience. 

 Offers a high level of challenge, responsibility and opportunity for 

continued career growth. 

 
Experience: 

 Having 22 months of experience in US tax return filing for Google 

assignees in PWC (SDC), Bangalore. 

 Having 5 years of experience in different processes of finance of ADP Pvt. 

Ltd. 

 

Educational qualification 
 

 MBA with Marketing Management as Specialization from the Dept. of 

Commerce and Management Studies (AU Campus), Andhra University, 

Visakhapatnam in 2003. 

 Project: On Customer Relationship Management in BSNL (Bharat 

Sanchar Nigam Limited), Visakhapatnam. Acquired Knowledge about 

telecommunications, the company, prepared the questionnaire and 

conducted the survey through telephone and door to door both the 

household and the commercial customers of BSNL. 

 Participated in organizing AMITY (ALL India business schools meet). 

 Organized women entrepreneurship seminar.  

 Cleared CPT of Chartered Accountancy. 



 Cleared Group II of IPCC (CA) in May 2011. 

 B.Sc., with M.P.C., from Hindustan Shipyard Degree College, 

Visakhapatnam in 2000. 

 Passed PUC with M.P.C., from Andhra University, Visakhapatnam. 

 Passed SSC. from Nagendra Tutorial College, Sriharipuram, 

Visakhapatnam.  

 

Work experience 1 
 
Company Name         : PricewaterhouseCoopers (SDC), Bangalore 

 

Designation         : Tax Associate 
 

Tenure              : November 23
rd
 2015 – Present 

 
Profile        : US Tax Return filing 

 
Responsibilities: 

 
 Filing of tax returns of different status of Google Assignees Non-resident, 

Dual status returns, Full year resident returns. 

 
 Also worked on amended tax returns and revised returns.  

 
 Worked on different projects – my transfer projects.  

 

Appreciations: 
 

 Received many appreciations from BU and also from the Signers for the 
Quality of the tax returns. 

 
 Awarded Spot award for the efficient work in Tax season. 

 
Work experience 2 
 
Company Name        : ADP Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad 

 
Designation              : Financial analyst 

 
Tenure                       : September 19

th
 2011 – September 3

rd
 2015. 

   December 18
th
 2006 –April 21

st
 2008. 

 
Profile                        

 
Worked for Payroll processing of US employees with Majors Accounting Services. 
Worked for Benefits team with National Accounting Services. 

 

 



 

Responsibilities 

• In payroll, worked on excel files using macros and by tools like Monarch to 

setup the payroll in mainframes. 

• Worked for Employee reimbursement services, both for tuition and Stay fit 

for the Client Microsoft. 

• Worked on Dependent Verification Services, auditing the dependent status 

of the US employees. 

• Training new joinees on Tuition reimbursement services. 

 

Achievements       

• Received appreciations, e-recognition letters from Manager, Team lead 

and Operation Manager in relation to performance in process.  

• Received Trailblazer Award. 

• Set records in the team for achieving highest numbers in a day while 

processing and always at 100% quality throughout the year.     

 

Job Related Strengths 

 

 Leading, hardworking and self-motivated. 

 Believes in Team work and Multi-tasking. 

 Eager to learn, fast grasping, innovative and quick to adapt. 

 Having excellent presentation, leadership and communication skills. 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

Achievements 

 National Cadet Corps ‘B’ Certificate holder. 

 Awarded Second Prize by Andhra University for Rangoli in Inter-collegiate 

festivals which were conducted among 200 colleges. 

 Awarded First Prize by Andhra University for Rangoli in Talent Day 

Celebrations. 

 Winner in Greeting Card workshop conducted by ADP Pvt. Ltd. In 2012 

and 2014. 

 

 



 

Personal details 

 

• Gender   : Female 

• Marital Status  : Married 

• Nationality  : Indian 

• Hobbies   : Learning new subjects, Craft works,   

     cooking. 

• Languages Known : English, Hindi, and Telugu. 

 

***************** 

 

 
 
 

 
 


