
















































													


  RESUME
Name: SUBRAT KUMAR BANA                                                                                           Address: Srivari PG, GB Palya
Date of Birth: 30th June 1993                                                                                                 Near GB Palya Bus stop, Bangalore                                                                                                                     
Email: subratkumarbana@gmail.com ☎:+919776108309/7008031833	
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To work in an organization where I can use my skills and knowledge to deliver value added results and further enhance my learning to grow with the growth of the organization.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE :
Organization 1: Intelenet Global Services.
Designation: Team Leader – Supply Chain Management, Procurement logistic - Flipkart Fulfillment Process.
Tools Used: Sales Force, SUV, CMS. Blue box.
Duration: January 16, 2017 – Till Date 
Current Responsibilities:
I am a part of the Flipkart Fulfillment (FBF) team in Flipkart Marketplace. I am a part of multiple work profiles in Flipkart Fulfillment:
· Legal Metrology: Working on the internal audit’s done by the FC team for FBF process, where to interact with the legal metrology’s team and the category to mentor seller’s to follow the process.
Preparing the Inventory, Sales, In warding report which is required as per the Management.
Mentoring the non-compliant brand seller’s.
Handling Escalations, Knowledge Transfer and Report Making:
· Given the depth of my process knowledge, majority of escalations are channelized to me for prompt resolution. 
· Handling knowledge transfer and training sessions to train new hires and being their buddy to guide them on the job
· Sending multiple reports to managers and other teams for day to day evaluation and planning, using MS Excel.
Big Billion Days Sales:
· Played a crucial role in ensuring sufficient sellers, more than 200, are on-boarded in the new warehouse  to make Big billion Days a success.
· Was temporarily posted in Warehouse to supervise all the activities related to the seller’s on-boarding in Flipkart Fulfillment.
Inventory Reconciliation:
· Analysis of the data generated from the warehouse to settle seller payment disputes.
· Required regular direct interactions with sellers to understand seller’s concerns
· FBF Pitch: Presenting the benefits of Flipkart Fulfillment to the sellers in Flipkart Marketplace and convincing them to be a part of Flipkart Fulfillment.
· FBF on-boarding: Constant follow-up with those sellers who express interest in becoming a part of Flipkart Advantage, clarifying their doubts and queries and guiding them with the process of warehouse registration.
· Warehouse Management: Frequent interaction with the heads of various departments in the warehouses of Flipkart and monitoring reports about the flow of consignments to ensure smooth flow of FBF recalls.
ACCOMPLISHMENT ST INTELENET FOR FLIPKART ADVANTAGE PROCESS:
1. Handling End to end On boarding Process (From Lead generation to Closures)
2. Population of content from various sources (including research on the internet) and website, interacting / coordinating with QC and warehouse team, identifying and correcting errors / complaints, maintaining records of work received.
3. Interacting with Sellers with Training and registration.
4. Handling Seller escalations
5. Engaged in expanding seller base and providing Start-to-Finish services regarding Flipkart Fulfillment.
7.Analyze the complaints inflow and suggest ways to improve upon the same as well as working towards the resolution of the incoming complaints in the best possible way.
ACADEMIC PROFILE:
	EXAMINATION     
	INSTITUTE              
	UNIVERSITY/BOARD        
	YEAR OF PASSING
	PERCENTAGE      

	B.Tech                      
	Silicon Institute Of Tech.                      
	BPUT                      
	2016              
	60.5              

	HIGHER SECONDARY 
	B.J.B. Junior College           
	C.H.S.E                      
	2010             
	51.5      

	SENIOR SECONDARY
	Capital High School           
	H.S.C                      
	2008             
	62          



EXTRA CURRICULAR:
· Participated in quiz competition organized by international library and cultural centre
· Got certificate of Best Performer of the month July-November at Intelenet
HOBBIES:	
· Playing Cricket
· Cooking
· Painting
PERSONAL INFORMATION:	
Permanent Address:  Plot Number -1369/3945, Road number - 7, Jagannath Nagar, G.G.P. Colony, Rasulgarh, Bhubaneswar, Odisha-751025
          	
  DECLARATION:	
 I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:                                                                                                                                                            signature:
	
