














































CURRICULUM VITAE 

Balakrishna M 

Network Engineer (IP Telephony) 

 Phone: +91 9606745275 

Email: balakrishnam807@gmail.com 

 

 

Objective 

With experience in Cisco VoIP Networks for more than 2 years, intend to take up a responsible position 

in the I.T field where the area of activity includes VoIP implementation, Unified Communications 

support, VoIP network administration, and also where my skills and hard work would be of value and to 

grow with the organization where I work, learn and earn certifications in new technologies. 

 

Professional Experience 

2.10 Years of Experience in Cisco IP Telephony (VOIP) 

Company: Secutron Technologies PVT LTD 

Designation: Cisco Voice Network Engineer 

Duration: July 2015 to May 2018. 

 

Roles and responsibilities (VOIP engineer) 

 Primary responsibilities include - Handling Incidents, Service requests and problems, Requests as 
per defined metrics and service level requirements, 

 Investigate and diagnose Incidents, attempt to resolve them or escalate/refer them to someone who 
can, based on defined metric and agreed service levels.  

 Trouble shooting various performance issues such as memory, CPU, server uptime  

 Responsible for complete follow up process for better efficiency to run services by  24x7 

 Resolving & Escalating all issues within SLA 

 Formulated daily status reports on completed tasks and current issues.  

 Configured and maintained Cisco Call Manager, Unity and related Cisco Unified Communication 
Configuration. 

 Moving, Adding, Change and Deleting Users and Extensions in NICE Engage Recording Tool. 

 Providing System agent privileges to user to query a recorded calls on NICE Engage Recording 
tool for quality management purpose. 

 Administration of system users in NICE Engage. 

 Taking remote access of the machines (if required) and troubleshooting accordingly. 

 Troubleshooting issues related to networks, engage with ISP for intrusive testing and dispatch. 

 Good understanding of OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, ARP, ICMP, TCP, UDP, SMTP, 
FTP, TFTP) 

 IP addresses and sub netting (FLSM & VLSM) 



Technical Skills 

 Hands on Experience on Cisco call manager 

 Experience in Configuring of end users, Phones, Gateway in call Managers 
Installation of Bulk Administration Tool for IP Phones and IP Communicators 

 Configuration of Cisco IP Phones and third party SIP phones. 

 Having a hands on experience working with Cisco 7910, 7940, 7960, 7961, IP phones 

 Hands on experience on CISCO gateways such as 2800, 3640, 2600, 3945. 

 Good experience on MACD requests and troubleshooting on phone issue. 

 Solid grasp of Cisco IP telephony, basic LAN and WAN administration 

 Configuring and troubleshooting Voice Interfaces like FXS, FXO, and ISDN T1/E1 PRI. 

 Configuration and management Cisco Unity Connection (CUC). 

 Partitions, Calling Search Spaces (CSS), Configuration of Class of Control and Restrictions. 

 Configuration of User Features such as Speed dial, Call forwarding, Personal Address Book 

 Various monitoring tools like RTMT, DNA and various routers debug and show commands. 

 Configuration on Extension mobility, Device Mobility, Single number reach(SNR) and Mobile 
voice Access (MVA) 

 Familiar with managing Cisco Unified Call Center Managers, UNITY voicemail systems, H323, 
MGCP and SIP voice gateways. 

 Ability to demonstrate proactive approach to problem resolution, strong troubleshooting, and 
problem solving skills 

 

Technical Certification 

 210-060(CICD) Implementing Cisco Collaboration Devices 

Cisco ID: CSC013351097 

Academic Profile 

B.E in Telecommunication engineering from VTU 

Diploma in E&C from DTE 

Personal Details 

Fathers Name       : Manjunatha M C 

Gender                  : Male 

Date of Birth        : 05-7-1990 

Languages Known: English, Kannada and Hindi 

Address                 : #92, RMV 2nd stage, MSR Nagara, Bengaluru-54 

Declaration 

                 I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

Balakrishna M           


