














































 

SUMAN PATEL 
Data Scientist 

Contact: 

+91 9741487844  patel.suman15@gmail.com   Bengaluru, India 

 

Machine Learning Techniques:  
Regression: Linear, Logistic 
Classification: KNN, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Naive Bayes, SVM 
Ensembling: Random Forest, Cross Validation 
Unsupervised: Clustering (hierarchical, K Means) 

 

Programming Languages:  IDE’s:    Analytical Software and BI Tools: 

R, Python, SQL   Anaconda 2.5.0.1,   SAP Business Objects, Tableau, 

R-Studio3.4.2,   MS Excel 

Jupyter 0.27, Visual 

Studio 

 

EXPERIENCE 
Former Business Intelligence Analyst 
Exilant Technologies Private Ltd. 
 
22/06/2015 - 30/05/2018 
•Around 2.11 years as a former Software Engineer experience in Advance Analytics and Business 
Intelligence Professional in implementing Predictive and Descriptive Analytics Solution across Sales 
and Marketing. 
•Ability to leverage machine learning algorithms and applied statistics with visualization and a strong 
sense of data exploration. 
•Applied Exploratory Data Analysis before processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data 
used for analysis. 
•Creating and implementing data driven strategies that fuel growth including revenue and profits 
using Python, SQL. 
• Design and implement statistical / predictive models and machine learning algorithms utilizing 
diverse sources of data. 
• Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using SAP BO, MS Excel. 

 
PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: 
 

 Forecasting Sales of iTunes gift card: 

 This project aims in Forecasting the iTunes gift card sales.  

 Visualize the available data on Daily, Weekly, Monthly, quarterly and Yearly basis. 

 Involved in end to end process of model building. 

mailto:patel.suman15@gmail.com


 Also used external Data source (Retail and AOS) to find correlation with our Sales Data 

and applying regression analysis to predict the future Sales. 

Tools: Python, R, SAP Business Objects 
Database: Teradata 
 

 ITunes App analysis: 

 Developed a Dashboard for analyzing what percentage of sales are coming from the 

respective categories within the iTunes app. Applied regression analysis to predict future 

revenue. 

 Plotted the graph using Excel sheet. 

Tools: Python, SAP Business Objects, Excel 
Database: Teradata 
 

ACADEMIC PROJECTS: 
Data Science Competitions on KAGGLE: 

 Predict survival of passengers on the Titanic Ship using various classification algorithms in 
Python. 

 

TRAINING'S: 
 Attended Data Science Program: 2017 from Imarticus Bengaluru. 

 

 

ACADEMIC PROFILE: 
 

Class/Degree 
Yr Of 

Passing 
Trade 

/Course 
Board / 

University School/College % Marks 

B. TECH 2015 

Electrical 
& 
Electronics 

BPUT, 
ORISSA 

Trident Academy of 
Technology, Orissa 72.30 

12th 2011 Science CBSE 
Kendriya Vidyalaya, 
Sundargarh 67.00 

10th 2009 
English 
Core CBSE 

Sundargarh Public 
School 73.00 

 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

 
Date of Birth     : 15th Sept 1994 
Gender     : Female 
Languages Known          : English, Hindi, Odia 
Location     : Bengaluru 
 
 



 


