










































Pravin Chandra

 ASHWINI.K.N



Mail: raoashwini10@gmail.com
Phone: 91-9742764164

To apply marketing and problem-solving skills in marketing research/analysis position for career growth.
	SKILL SUMMARY


· Statistical Analyst with 7+ years of experience

· Strong working Knowledge of Quantum, SPSS, R, SAS statistical software.
· Secured Microsoft Certification on Introduction to R for Data Science.
· Secured Certification on Predictive analytics with R from Ivy Professional School. 
· Expertise with analytical reporting using Advanced Excel features like Pivot tables and charts.

· Experience in accessing, manipulating, large datasets with SQL

· Exceptional ability to respond to information requests from management, posts and other key stakeholders as appropriate.

· Great ability to plan, develop and implement research projects.
· Text Mining Tools : IBM SPSS Text Analytics, tm (R).
· Data management skills like Merging, Handling missing values, reading raw data files, creating data structures. Handling programming errors, accessing and managing data, appending and interleaving of SPSS datasets. 
· Experience in Feature Engineering, EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis), Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning using R.
· Experience in Statistical Sampling Techniques including ANOVA, Cluster, Regression, Reliability analysis, Correlations, Factor Analysis and Decision tree.

· Strong analytical and problem solving skills, good communication and team work spirit.

· Handling of projects specialized Ad-hoc studies / Product Test / Concept Test Studies                          
	WORK EXPERIENCE


· Associative Manager, Blueocean Market Intelligence, Bangalore
Since January 2013
BlueOcean Market Intelligence (previously Cross-Tab Market Research Services) provides a full range of Market Research and Analytics solutions to global clients. From managing end-to-end research operations to market research process outsourcing, secondary research, and sample procurement services. 

Key responsibilities of the job role is to understand the client's business issues and research needs, which may impact strategic or tactical decision and help plan relevant analysis or project design and hence provide an appropriate measure to cater to it.

Roles and Responsibilities:

 Understanding the client's research needs through the various research briefs and adopting a pragmatic     approach in improvising on solutions and resolving business issues. 

 Work with cross-tabulation software like Wincross to develop appropriate banners, filters, new variables, etc. to produce data tables that can provide answers to business/research objectives – by either using point-or click interfaces or by writing programming logic.

 Working on ad-hoc requests for data tabulation and creating presentations

Tools Used: R, SPSS (V20), Wincross (V13), - Microsoft Excel (2016) 
Projects Handled: 

· Impact of Social Media on brand : 

The predictive relationship is established between sources of awareness and purchase funnel categories using logistic regression model

· Reduce overall time administered in tracker study from 25mins to 15 mins : 

We have looked at question options that could have an impact on PI and try to reduce the number of statements based on their statistical scores. Used factoring based Reliability Analysis as a primary approach and Bayesian as our secondary approach.

· Data mining tool : 

Summary dashboard created in excel using CAP data for viewing key metrics and perceptions scores by markets and historical waves.

· Syndicated/Industry Search (Web scraping) :

Using rvest package in R, Involved in extracting relevant article from almost 15 different tech websites for provided set of key words from client.
· Power BI tool :
Created power BI dashboard with showing key metrics and profiling data for ad hoc study.
· Text mining : 

 
      Contributed on using packages like devtools,rjson and plyr done text analytics with sentiment scores
· Analysis Executive, IMRB, Bangalore       January 2011 - January 2013
ABACUS MARKET ANALYTICS unit offers a wide range of services to all the research units in IMRB. These include data processing, charting, statistical analysis, database management and updation, software development and testing.

 Roles and Responsibilities:

· Preparation of Data Structure

· Briefing Coders, Data Punchers and Discussion with Researchers

· Writing Cleaning & Tabulation Programs

· Data cleaning management and Documentation.

· Experience with Capi and Papi Data
· Worked with TNS India Pvt. Ltd. (ISO 9001:2000 Certified data processing), Bangalore as Analyst Executive for a Year.
	ACADEMICS


	Examination
	Discipline
	School/College
	Board
	Percentage
	Year of         Passing

	M.C.A
	Computer Application
	IGNOU
	IGNOU
	59.00%
	2013

	B.C.A
	Computer Application
	JSS Collage
	KUD, Dharwad
	75.70%
	2008

	P.U.C
	Science
	Govt PU College
	P.U.E
	60.00%
	2004

	S.S.L.C
	S.S.L.C
	S.N.S.H.S
	K.S.E.E
	76.64%
	2002


	COMPUTER PROFICIENCY


Computer Languages
: C, C++, Java.

Statistical  Packages
: Quantum, SAS, SPSS, Wincross, R. 

Operating System
: MS, DOS, Windows 98, NT, 200, XP, UNIX

Data Base

: Oracle, MySQL, SQL, Foxpro.

Tools                              : Excel, PowerPoint

	ACADEMIC PROJECT


Project



:  Application to Export data from Java database.


Language of Implementation
:  Java, J2EE, SQL

Operating System 

:  Windows series

Description:

Our project is an attempt to demonstrate how to work with Java DB as an embedded database and export data to any application.  As an example in this project the data will be exported to Microsoft Excel application.

The aim of the project is to understand the Java inbuilt database and use the 100 percent Java technology, open-source Apache Derby database.

This software is being developed using Swing components. As an example application shows the relationship between Suppliers, Customers and Item details. Software provides the facility to export data to Microsoft Excel application.

Project is being developed using JDK1.6.0_01, Swings as front end and JavaDb as Backend on Windows platform.

	Strengths 


· Having good communication and analytical skills, capable and confident of undertaking given assignments.

· Ability to work under pressure, adaptable, creative, imaginative, and team player.

· Self-leader, good listener, ability to motivate and work with them.
	PERSONAL DETAILS


Date of Birth

: 10/ 10/ 1986

Health


: Good

Present Address
: #35, 3rd Cross Avani Sringeri Nagar

                                              DLF Begur Main Road, Nyanapanahalli,

                                              Hulimavu, Bangalore.

Hobbies
: Making new Friends and Listening to Music 

Languages Known
: Kannada, Telugu, English and Hindi.

