
















































CURRICULUM VITAE

Mahalakshmi prasanna. R
W/o M.Sudhakara Naidu,

Old No.20, New No.39,


   
      



Sri Veerabhadra Swamy Nilaya,                                Moble No: 9741266776
    

First Floor, 3rd cross,




E-mail: lakshmi8898@gmail.com
Indira Street, Subbanapalya,

Banaswadi Main Road, Bangalore-33.



         
      
Career Objective:  

Quest to work in a professional atmosphere that enables me to apply my skills in the fields of Finance& Accounts   to make worthy contribution towards growth of the Concern and   enhance spectrum of my Knowledge as well.

Summary of Experience:

Associated with the service industry for 4.1 Years as a CRM Executive, with exposure to the best practices of the industry. Constant achiever in terms of quality, productivity, a complete team player with a keen eye for detail.  

DETAILED WORK EXPERIENCE: 

Currently working as Senior Practitioner  in IBM Daksh Business Process Services Private Limited, Bangalore, from July 2008 to till date.
  Project 2:  Sage – Billing
Company   
:
IBM-Daksh Business Process Pvt. Ltd

            Client      
:    
Australia 


Team
       
:    
Billing Process



Period

:
From April 2010 to till date
· Roles & Responsibilities:
· Billing Exception Officer – Handled exception report, involved with investigation of the exception generated by the system and manually fixing the error, and generating bills, maintaining data quality and production targets. 

· Escalating accounts as and when required to appropriate departments for speedy resolutions. 

· Manage customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services.
· Provide back office retail/commercial business support.
· Analyzing & Understanding the Process Requirement and taking action accordingly

· Training new joiners on the process.

   Project 1:    Investment Banking  
Company   
:
IBM-Daksh Business Process Pvt. Ltd
            Client      
:    
Australia 
Team
       
:    
Investment Banking Process


Period

:
From July 2008 to March 2010.
· Roles & Responsibilities:
· Opening Superannuation, Pension and Investment accounts for Australian clients.
· Re indexing the work to different team.
· Account amendments as per the client requirements.
· Cross trained on different processes.
· Issuing the cheque for payments
· Auditor  of the Team, 100% of Auditing on daily basis.
Achievements:

                  Secured a Best Processor Award in the team
                  Maintaining the lowest AHT while processing time
                  Secured two Quarterly awards.
Educational Qualifications
· MBA from Sri VenkateswaraUniversity Tirupati, specialization in Finance,72%       
· Graduation (B.Com), SV University, Govt. Degree College, Puttur, 67%
· Intermediate (Civics, Economics, Commerce) Intermediate State Board, 60%
· Secondary Education (X class) , State Board of AP, 71%
.
Personal Profile:
Date of Birth

:   8th August 1986

Sex 


:   Female

Language known   
:   English, Telugu and Tamil.

Permanent Address 
:   Parameswara mangalam (V&P),




    Puttur (M.D), Chittoor(dst).
Place: Bangalore

Date:


                                                         (Mahalakshmi prasanna. R)
