

























Vishnu Vardhan Andra    
Domlur-Bengaluru 

                                                                                                Email Id: ​vishnuvardhan1259@gmail.com 
                                                                                                   Phone   : +91-7019734203/8050573712 

Objectives 

​To pursue a professionally satisfying growth and challenging career. Seeking a             

quality environment where my knowledge can be shared and enriched for the growth of              

the organization and self. 

 

Summary of  Experience 

​Possessing 4.3years of vast experience in the field of System & Networking Admin              

where Planning, Implementation, Administration and troubleshooting are involved with         

Network development,operations and maintenance ,Routers & Switches. 

Expertise 

● Helps install local area network cabling system and equipment such as network            
interface cards,hubs and switches. 

● Diagnoses and resolves end-user network, internet, WLAN and LAN access          
problems. 

 
·      WAN links and LAN network monitoring and troubleshooting  

.       Configuring the backup links with multiple ISP 

.      Maintaining and managing on IP Addressing 

.      Installations and configurations of Cisco routers and Switches 

·​         ​Able to work independently and within a team-spirited environment. 

·​         ​Configuring the routing protocols like Static, OSPF and BGP. 

·​         ​Good knowledge and understanding of the network infrastructure and protocols 
such as TCP/IP,OSI etc., 

·​         ​Configuring the Switching protocols like VLAN,VTP,STP and Port Channeling 
 

.    Good Knowledge on MPLS and VPN technologies. 

 

.    Installation ,configuration of Active Directory(AD) domain services and maintenance 

in an organisation. 

 

.   Delivering Links Like MPLS,Internet and P2P. 



 

 

 

 ​​Work Experience 
Company: SUNFRA SOFTWARE SERVICES, Bengaluru from 13 June 2014  till Now. 

 

Designation:​​ ​Network ​​& ​System Administrator 
 

Job Responsibilities 

·​        ​Managing user accounts and giving share & security level permissions. 
· ​Responsible to install, set up, maintain network and also configure the peripherals,             

cabling and equipments accordingly as per the requirement. 

. Configuring the routing protocols like Static,OSPF & BGP as per customer            

requirements 

·​     ​Network management and planning 
.    Working on switches like Cisco L3 catalyst WS-C4510R. 

·​     ​Designing and building cost-effective networks. 
·​     ​Maintaining and upgrade current networks up on Request. 
·​      ​Managing data base of server & creating new users accounts. 
·​      ​Responsible for configuring & troubleshooting NETGEAR & CISCO ROUTER. 
·​     ​Responsible for configuring & troubleshooting SWITCHES. 
·​    ​Working on Cisco core switches like HPE 12910 and server form switches HPE 5900. 
·​    ​Monitoring complete network & providing network statistics. 
·​     ​Responsible for the installation of operating system Unix and windows 7,8,and 10. 
·​      ​Upgrading the Firmware for DC and DRC network devices. 
· ​Responsible for maintaining the network & troubleshooting the network related           

issues. 

·​     ​Responsible for maintaining & troubleshooting network printers. 
·​      ​Responsible for troubleshooting Internet issues. 
. Installing and configuration of Cisco switches like Cisco switch 6500,4500,3500 and            

2900 series 

.     Provide 24/7 customer support 

.     Handling multiple projects . 

.    Setting up of spoke network structures using Tplink/Cisco Routers and Switches. 

.    Handling network troubleshooting issues. 

. Coordinating with our internal provisioning team to configure the Link from            

providers END. 

 



Achievements/Contributions 

>​​  ​Rewarded by Vice president for the successful completion of new infrastructure configuration 
in new office premises like cabling, designing used in the organization using CISCO router  under 

pressure in less span of time. 

> Rewarded by CEO for new business suggestions and supported in crucial times and 

maintaining the finance and handling with project work. 

Academic Qualification 

Academic: 

>​  ​B.Tech ​​ from ​Jawaharlal Nehru Inst of Technology University​​  in 2011. 
>​ Aggregate – 65% 
 

Technical Skills: 

>​  ​Networking and Switching configurations and maintenance 
> Good at Presentation & Communication skills. 

> Good hands at office finance, used to handle whole company accounts. 

Assets 

·​         ​Hardworking, Self confident, meets deadlines on task entrusted and ample analyzing 
capacity with integrity. 

·​         ​Takes Initiative and no additional directions are required once work is explained and 
assigned. 

Hobbies 

·​         Drawing, Listening music, and Caroms. 
·         Playing Chess. 

·         Net Surfing. 

 

Personal Information 

Material status : Single. 

 

Date of Birth : 25-07-1990  

  

Languages Known : English,Telugu, Hindi and Kannada 

  

Joining : Immediate Joiner  

 



Declaration 

    I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

Date : Place: Bengaluru 


