














































Reshma Gorave 
Mobile No. : +91-8286814478 E-mail id : reshmagorave@gmail.com 

 

 CAREER OBJECTIVES  

 
 To present professional excellence in my areas through continuous learning & have a vision of 

giving high quality service. 

 
 To be placed in a position of responsibility which can provide me challenges and opportunities to 

learn and grow professionally 
 

 

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

 
(A) Present Experience 

Working as Analyst in Finance & Accounts (Restaurant Division) at Quatrro Business Support 

Solutions Pvt Ltd since June 2017 to present. 

 
 Roles & Responsibilities 

 

Team member of multiple Restaurant clients KFC, TACO Bell , Tatertotexas. Assisting in preparation of 

Periodic Financials to be delivered as per agreed TAT. Following are the activities solely responsible for- 

 
 Sales: Reviewing daily sales reported by each restaurant units, ensuring accuracy, resolving the 

discrepancies in consultation with client before recording into GP. 

 Rebate: As per client records of Rebate receivable from various vendors and reconciliation of 

the same with the monthly vendor account statements. 

 Payroll: Analyzing bi-weekly payrolls for accuracy with respect to pay period / hours / payroll taxes 

etc and recording the same. 

 Bank Reconciliation: Analyzing and adjusting differences between bank statement & general 

Ledger. 

 Finance: Maintaining record for various finances availed for and interest calculations and 

matching the same with bank statements at period end. 

 Period End Activities: Assisting the manager in preparation / review of Periodic Financials to be 

delivered to the client. 

 Worked on complex areas in Financials like Intercompany reconciliations, Bank 

reconciliation Open items etc. 

 Preparation and finalization of financial statement - Record all the required entries to 

deliver complete IS -BS-CF and Workpapers  

 Review, analyze  and deliver the financial statements prepared (P& L ,Balance Sheet, Cash 

Flow and Workpapers) within defined TAT and Quality per SLA  

 Follow process notes/ process maps and update on regular intervals when process 

changes. 

 Complete any other assigned project/ client activities in timely and effective manner with 

good quality. 

 Impart training on the Preparation & Review of FS to other team members as instructed 

 Update logs, timesheets & other MIS assigned on timely basis 

 Communicate thru email with US counterparts on regular basis to meet process 

deliverables. 

 

 

mailto:reshmagorave@gmail.com


 

(B) Past Experience 

 Worked as Finance & Administration Executive at AdMat Innovations Pvt. Ltd. Since Dec 

2015 - 2016.

 
 Worked as Finance Executive at AaiON Automations Pvt. Ltd. Since Jan 2017 – June 2017.

 
 Roles & Responsibilities 

 

Financial &Documentation : 

 
 Cash book: Handling Regular Petty cash Expenses 

 Payroll: Preparation of Payroll, Ensuring correct and timely payment of salary, other expenses. 

 Bank Reconcilation: Handling banking transactions, Maintaining and updating bank statement, 

Handling banking queries, Preparation of Bank Reconciliation on monthly basis. 

 Sales & Purchase: Maintaining sales & purchase registry, Preparation of Purchase Orders & Sales 

Invoices, handling payable & receivable registry. 

 Accounts Payables: Ensure correct invoice entries into the account payable module of accounting 

system, Ensuring timely and accurate execution of payments for vendors, 

Co-ordination with vendor for payment follow up. 

 Accounts Receivable: Checking & Review Invoice received from vendor, Follow up with client in 

case of non-payment. 

 
Administration Role: 

 
 Export & Import - Preparation of all Export Documentation, Handling Regular Shipments of sales, 

Maintaining Inbound and Outbound Shipments Registry. 

 Online Portals - Handling Online Portals against sales, Online Reservations (Travel). 

 Inventory - Maintaining inventory reports. 
 
 
 
 

 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION  

ACADEMIC PROFILE: 

Course University Year of 

Passing 

%/Grade 

SSC Maharashtra Board 2009 68.40 

HSC Mumbai University (Bhavan’s College) 2011 50.00 

B.com Mumbai University (Bhavan’s College) 2014 62.14 

 



 ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATION  
 
 

 Completed MS-OFFICE Course in First Class

 Completed Tally - ERP 9 course in First Class

 Completed Desk top publishing course in Second Class

 Pursuing MCOM II and MBA (In Finance & Banking Management).

 
 SKILL SET  

 

 
 Operating System – Windows 7, 10

 Computer Basic -MS-Office(Word, Excel, Power Point)

 Great Plains & FRX (Designed by Microsoft Dynamics)
 

 PERSONAL PARTICULARS  

 
Date of Birth : 07th January, 1994 

Fathers Name : Nivrutti Gorave 

Fathers Occupation : Service 

Sex / Status : Female 

Nationality : Indian 

Languages Known : English, Hindi, Marathi. 

Address : Andheri East -Mumbai-400093 
 

 

 ABOUT MYSELF  

I am a confident, optimistic person with good inter-personal, analytical and logical reasoning skills. I 

belong to an educated and respectable family. 

My strength may be marked with the following:- 

 Dedicated, Committed and Confident 

 Proficiency with Computers and e- technology 

 Driven by timeliness 
 

 

 DECLARATION:  

I, Reshma  Gorave hereby declare that the above furnished information is true& correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

 
Date: 

Place: Mumbai Reshma Gorave 


