















































 

 

S. KARTHI KEYAN                                      email: karthikeyan1529@gmail.com 

         Mobile:+919739692020 

        

 

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS: 

         A dynamic, team spirited and performance driven professional, having 1.4 years of 

experience in IT Service management. Considerable success in monitoring and managing user 

administration in several applications and Systems. 

PERSONAL EXPERIENCE: 

1.4 year’s experience as Network Support Engineer in Tele sonic Networks Pvt. Ltd. on the 

payroll of Adecco India Pvt. Ltd. (6th June 2016 to 31st September) and Team Lease Service Ltd. 

(1st October 2016 to Till Date) 

 

Job Description: 

                 

 Establishes networking environment by designing system configuration; directing system 

installation; defining, documenting, and enforcing system standards. Maximizes network 

performance by monitoring performance; troubleshooting network problems and outages; 

scheduling upgrades; collaborating with network architects on network optimization. 

 

Responsibilities: 

• Proficient in handling escalated calls and providing level 3 Technical Support to end-users. 

• Router and switch configuration, backup, troubleshooting. 

• Experience in installation of Windows, configuration, Technical troubleshooting, support of 

Huawei server cords, operating systems, Microsoft application software  

•  Installation of Data Card Like VPN Data Card. Tata photon+ and Reliance Net connect etc., 

•  Monitoring & insuring a recommended temperature for Server Storage Room. 

• Configuring & Managing DNS, DHCP & Active Directory. 

• To ensure the integrity of high availability network infrastructure to provide maximum 

performance for the users 

  

 



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

 

• B.E in Computer Science and Engineering with CGPA 7.15 in ADHIYAMAAN COLLEGE of 

ENGINEERING in 2016 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

 

Network Services: Installation of drivers, DHCP, Creating domain control. 

Others: Assembling & Troubleshooting of PC's, Windows Update, Installation &          

Troubleshooting of WAN Routers and switches, DNS, DHCP & Active Directory 

Installation. 

 

PROJECTS 

•  PROJECT TITLE: 

  A Local Positioning of Node Duplication Attacks in Wireless Networks 

  

DESCRIPTION: 

 In wireless communication, local adversaries may cause spoofing attack by node 

duplication, by discovering the proposed technologies that may be clustered and 

eliminated for the effectiveness of transmission. 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Father’s name                    : Mr.A.Shanmugam      

Date of birth                      : 15-04-1994 

Address                             :  84/d, kinatru street, 

              Pandiyan Nagar, 

                                              Allinagaram,Theni - 625531 

 

 I hereby declare that all the above particulars provided by me are true to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

         

Yours Sincerely 

 

                                                                                                                                  [Karthikeyan.S] 

 


