




















































Curriculum Vitae

CURRICULUM VITAE
                                                                                                                             
	ABHIJIT MAGADE
      

	Permanent Address– A/P Manchar (Nighotwadi colony), TAL- Ambegaon, DIST- Pune, SATE- Maharashtra.
Current Address- Flat no. E-401, Rajeshwar co-op. housing society, J-V. link road, Jogeshwari(E), Mumbai – 60.

Mobile     - +919049980716
Email     – abhimagade@yahoo.in / abhijit.ncp@gmail.com / abhijit.magade@barclays.com



	OBJECTIVE

	To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organization skills, educational background and ability to work well with people.


CURRENT COMPANY:
	Professional Summary:

	Company : 
	Barclays Bank PLC (FTC basis, On payroll of Intelenet Global Services Pvt Ltd.) 

	Department : 
	Department of Business/Marketing Analytics for BARCLAYS PLC INDIA.

	Position : 
	Data Analyst (SAS Programmer).

	Daily reporting to:
	Manager of Business/Marketing Analytics of BARCLAYS PLC INDIA.

	Duration :
	23rd April 2010 to till date.


JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
· Working on all kind of Statistical analytics projects. (Have worked on Statistical analytics project Building BEMI (Balance to Equal monthly installment) Response model for credit cards which is based on LOGISTIC REGRESSION. Aim of this project was to build a model on eligible base of BEMI customers; estimating the response rate of customers to telemarketing and use it for prioritized targeting so as to optimize telemarketing cost.
· Recently worked on the project Study of Bounce behavior of Asset portfolio. 

The objectives of the study was to – 
a) Identifying the segment which is bouncing within the ‘current’ customers. (Segment by turnover, location, industry or any other factor)
b) To check whether the technical bounces impacting payment habit –leading to non-technical bounces later. For this we compared the 6 months bounce behavior of books of two periods – old book vs new book. (old book being booking up to jan’09, new book being booking from feb’09 to till date)
· Building profitability models for all campaigns.
· Analyzing the performance of various campaigns. (Contains product wise performance analysis, Pre – post analysis and Test vs. Control analysis).
· Creating yatra and times product wise MIS.
· Maintaining Spend trackers, Revenue trackers to monitor and analyze the spend.   
· Generating various financial reports in SAS for the various departments.

· Helping Product managers (Cards, Liabilities-Savings, Current, Fixed deposit accounts, Investments, Insurances) with Ad-hoc analysis as & when required.

· Supporting the Business Analytics managers in all kind of Financial/Statistical analysis & modeling.

· Automating standard activities & MIS using SAS programming, in turn, increasing efficiency & productivity of the team by reducing TAT per activity.

· Creating process notes of standard activities/MIS.

· Validating reports & outputs of the ad hoc requests, ensuring accuracy of the numbers reported.
· Extraction of raw data and converting it into SAS dataset

· Designing/implementing the SQL queries and S.A.S. EG Projects.
Previous Company:

	Professional Summary:

	Company : 
	TechkNit It Enabled services Pvt Ltd, Pune, India.

	Position : 
	E- Structor.

	Technologies worked : 
	Minitab 14, MS EXCEL, SAS.

	Duration :
	January-2009 to 22 April 2010.


	Rewards and Recognition:



	· Base SAS Programmer Certified by SAS INDIA.


	Skill set:

	Primary Skills:
	SAS9.2, SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise Miner, SYSTAT, Minitab, Matlab, 
R-Programming, SPSS, ITSM. 

	Technical skills: 
	C, C++, MSOffice.

	Statistical skills: 
	Multiple Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machine, 

Neural Network, Classification and Regression Tree, Cluster Analysis, Principle Component Analysis, Discriminant Analysis, Time Series, SPC and Optimization Techniques.  




	Educational Qualification:

	Degree
	College
	University
	Year
	Class

	M.Sc (Statistics)
	University of Pune
	University of Pune
	2008
	-

	B.Sc
	T. C. college, Baramati.
	University of Pune
	2006
	Distinction

	H.S.C
	T. C. college, Baramati.
	Pune Board
	2003
	Pass

	S.S.C
	S.C.S High School, Baramati.
	Pune  Board
	2001
	First Class


	1.M.Sc. (Statistics)
Project Title: “Comparative Study of Classification Methods.” ( Data Mining). 
· To study different methods of classifications (Support Vector Machine, Discriminent Analysis, Decision Trees.) using Data Mining Tools and compare them.
· Time-6 months, Team members-2.
2. M.Sc. (Statistics)
· The objective is to analyze 10 Real Life Time Series Data Sets.(Time Series Analysis.)
· Time-1 month, Team members-3.
3. M.Sc. (Statistics)

· To study Feed Forward Neural Network (CISM).
4. B.Sc. (Statistics)
Project Title: “ Life time of remolding tyres  ST-Buses.”   
· To determine the life time of remolding tyres and check whether the different companies has 
same life time or different using statistical tools such as Minitab and  Microsoft Excel for Data 
analysis.
                                       


Projects:
PERSONAL

	Personal Information:

	Name:
	Abhijit Magade            

	D.O.B:
	14th Feb ,1986

	Permanent Address : 
	A/P Manchar (Nighotwadi colony), TAL-Ambegaon, DIST- Pune, STATE- Maharashtra.

	Temporary Address: 
	E-401, Rajeshwar co-op. housing society, J-V. link road, Jogeshwari (E), Mumbai – 60.

	Sex:
	Male

	Marital Status:
	Single

	Nationality:
	Indian

	Languages:
	English, Hindi, Marathi.


The above statements are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date:                                                                                                            (Abhijit.B.Magade)
Place: Pune. 

