













































OBJECTIVE

OBJECTIVE
Always looking for opportunities to improve professional and technical skills. Would like to handle challenging assignments in industry and like to give it a better shape through brilliance and innovation.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Having 2 years of experience in design and development of business applications using Client Server Applications and Internet technologies.

1 Expertise in developing Client Server applications and Web technologies using C#.   NET, VB.NET, ASP. Net
2 Expertise in ADO.Net
3 Expertise in ASP.Net Web-Applications
4 Exposure to  .NET framework 2.0 and 3.5
5 Knowledge in developing reports using Crystal Report for Visual Studio.net
6 Expertise in developing back end programming by using SQL Server and Sybase as Database Management Systems
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
2+ years
Working as a Software Engineer in NIIT Technologies., Noida from July 2010 till present date.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
• B.Tech. in Information Technology from Jaypee University of Information Technology , Wakhnaghat in the year 2010 with a CGPA of 6.4 (Equivalent to 71% ) .
• H.S.C from Chapslee School, Shimla in the year 2005 with 73.4%
• S.S.C. from Chapslee School, Shimla in the year 2003 with 78.4%.

TECHNICAL SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Technological Frameworks/Technologies : Visual Studio 2005 , VB6.0
Languages :



           : C, C++, C#, VB.NET.
Web Technologies 


           : ASP.Net, HTML
Databases 



           : SQL Server 2005 , Sybase
Database Access Methods

           : ADO. Net , DAO,RDO
PROJECTS
Company: NIIT Technologies , Noida
Project Name :Fund Ops (Operations)
Client: ING (US)

Duration of work within the project: July 2010 till present

Technologies Involved: C# .NET , VB6.0 , Sybase , MS Access and SQL Server as Databases , Crystal Reports 8.5
Role : Software Developer

Description:

The scope of the project is immense as it involves many applications based on .NET and some legacy ones based on VB6.0.As the name implies , we as a service provider have to monitor all the  applications involved in the Operations of the Fund manipulations of our client viz ING(US). This includes maintenance of their ongoing applications and the development of the new ones according to service requests.

The new developed applications were included in the scheduler designed by our team which is used as the monitoring process . On a macro level the project could be divided into two parts as:
1) Valuations (This included all the applications which involved the financial calculations and most of the part here is the conversion of VB6.0 applications into .NET based.)
2) Distributed Applications: This part focused on the applications which did all the distribution work (Reporting , FTP etc. ) after all the Trading and Fund Manipulation activity. All the applications were based on .NET with databases including Sybase and SQL Server. .

The project involved sensitive handling as client financial exposure was up to billions .Working in such a sensitive and complex area and also handling all the Change and Service requests in all the parallel working technologies gave me a lot of knowledge about the working of service industry .
HOBBIES

1.) Musicianship (Playing Guitar and Harmonica ).Interested in Music Composition.

2.) Stock Market Trading.

3.) Reading and Poetry Writing.
CONTACT INFORMATION:
Name: Sumeet Sharma

Email: sharmasumeet1987@gmail.com


sumeetsharma@live.com
Mob: +91-9717619166

