















































RESUME 

Name     : Prasad Sudhir Warade. 

Email-ID: prasad.warade101@gmail.com 

Mob. No: +91 7276507682 

 
 
Career Objectives 
 

 
 To obtain a position where my technical knowledge and soft skills would be well utilized and opportunity 

for value based growth and career advancement while contributing to the organization. 
  

 
Qualifications 
 

Course University/Board School/College 
Year of 
Passing 

Percentage 

MCA Savitribai Phule University, Pune 
JSPM AIOCA College Hadapsar, 
Pune 

2015 71.25 

BCA North Maharashtra University, 
Jalgaon 

Moolji Jaitha College, Jalgaon. 2013 70.39 

HSC Aurangabad Board R. S. College, Pardha. 2010 56.83 

SSC Amaravati Board Krushi Vidyalay, Shemba. 2008 62.61 

 
 
Work Experience 
 
 
Currently working as “Articulate Storyline Developer and HTML Designer” at Flipick Pvt. Ltd. from last 2+ Year’s 
(April 2015). 
 
 
Computer Skills 
 
 

MS Packages   : MS-Word, MS-PowerPoint, MS-Excel 

OS    : Windows 7/8/10 

E-Learning(Authoring) Tools : Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate 

Audio Editing Tools    :  Audacity 

Video Editing Tools  :  Camtasia 

Web Technology  : HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap. 

Programming Languages : Core java, ASP.Net. 

IDE    : MyEclipse, Net Beans, Brackets. 

 
 
 
 



Projects 
 
 
Project 1 
Title: Virtual Patient 

Technologies: HTML, JavaScript and Articulate Storyline. 

Role and responsibilities: 

 Design and develop layout of project using HTML, CSS and JQuery.  

 Developed JavaScript code to track all activities of user. 

 Developed JavaScript code to calculate different kind of scores. 
 
Project 2 
Title: Vodafone 

Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 

Role and responsibilities: 

 Developed the drag and drop activity. 

 Developed the multiple choice question. 

 Design and animate the layout. 
 
Project 3 
Title: PIE (Pearson Instructor Education) 

Technologies: HTML, CSS, JQuery and Articulate Storyline. 

Role and responsibilities: 

 Create courses on LMS (Learning Management System) named SAKAI and EDX etc. 

 Developed HTML pages which contain JQuery animation of the course. 

 Created quizzes in a course. 
 
Project 4 
Title: Sri-Chaitanya / Sheth Publisher / Packt Publisher 

Technologies: HTML, CSS, JQuery, Audacity. 

Role and responsibilities: 

 Converted PDF to HTML pages. 

 Created eBook and ePub. 
 
 
Career Summary 
 

 In Articulate Storyline, using triggers, variables, states and layers to create different complex and custom 

interactivities 

 Using JavaScript’s in Articulate Storyline to achieve difficult functionalities  

 Using Zoom Regions, and Audio/video to create effective eLearning courses. 

 Creating the Quiz Questions for online test using Articulate Storyline  

 Creating custom/complex interactions Articulate Storyline 

 A detail oriented, resourceful with expertise in HTML language possessing rich experience as HTML 

Designer and experience for articulate storyline developer. 

 Expertise in front end development including HTML/XHTML, CSS, JQuery and JavaScript. 



Personal Information 
 

Name   : Prasad Sudhir Warade. 

Father’s name  : Sudhir Madhukar Warade. 

Gender  : Male. 

Date of birth  : 03/12/1991. 

Marital status  : Single. 

Nationality  : Indian. 

Language known : English, Marathi and Hindi. 

Hobbies  : Playing carom, Listening songs. 

Permeant address : At. Post :Advihir, Tal. : Motala, 

    Dist. :Buldana. – 443103. 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date: 

Place : Pune.           (Prasad S. Warade) 


