

















































Microsoft Word - K Raviteja Resume

 Katakam Jaya Lakshmi
    D No: 6-1-57,
    Pappula Street, Stonehousepet,		       Email: jayakatakam6695@gmail.com
    Nellore-524002                                                               Contact: 91- 738993167
   	_	_	_	_	_	_	_	_	_	_	_	_

Career Summary:

Aspiring to take up a dynamic position in the field of Finance of varying functions and broadening my vision in the industry and make my distinct contribution for organization growth.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
1. 
	

	PRESENT ORGANIZATION	:
DESIGNATION	:
	Accenture
Ops Associate

	
	PERIOD	:
	November 2018 to till date


Profile:
· Working as an Operating Associate for a Utility company based out of US client, wherein I will be supporting for Record to Report responsible for preparation of Month end activity as well as Reconciliations.
·  Posting of journal Entries pertaining to prepaid, accruals, true-up/true-down entries, amortizations and deferrals for income and expenses.
· Preparing Variance analysis for both Pre-tax and Balance sheet
·  Perform month end reporting tasks as per the client’s global time table
· Preparing balance sheet account reconciliation within SLA
· Analysis of Storm Over or under, maintain True up values.
· Reviewing and Approving JVs from team member and ensure correctly posted.
· Bundle and Unbundle of various Interest, Amortization, Issue expenses et all, preparing a detail schedule and reporting to management on Weekly calls.
· Preparation of Debt schedules for New Issue of Debts, Retires and allocating to several BU’s based on specific entity.
· Participating in weekly and monthly Clients governance calls. 

· Representing the process and giving support to internal and external audits.

2.
	

	PREVIOUS ORGANIZATION	:
DESIGNATION	:
	Infosys
Process Specialist

	
	PERIOD	:
	February 2016 to August 2018


	


	
	

	Profile
	






Working as a Process Developer (General Ledger), where I am responsible for handling Daily Bank accounts reconciliation, Journal preparation, posting and Balance sheet reconciliation.

· Reconciling Bank account on daily and monthly basis using SAP and Black line.
· Analyze and investigate bank statement for allocation to proper account which has not been allocated yet and clearing of open items.
· Balance sheet reconciliation, preparing of schedules.
· Performing Revenue Recognition [ Sales Recognition] Activity before MEC.
· Performing Early checks in ZBCS and sorting out the errors and issues
· Performing Distribution cycles run and various MEC steps and evaluating KE5T to confirm there are no difference with FI-PCA Books and also ensuring validation errors are detected and rectified now and then.
· Clearing the matching items for all Open item management accounts.

Technical Skills: 
·  Knowledge in Working with SAP and PeopleSoft
·  Knowledge in working with MS Office
WORK EXPERIENCE:

(A) Accounting:

· Cash book and  Bank  Ledgers,  Reconciliations,  G/L  Accounting,  Accounts  Payable  and Receivable, Journals, Handling of Branch Accounts and Reconciliation.

· Journal vouchers for monthly closure of accounts, Trail balance and General ledger review, Final accounts preparations and Accounting schedules, preparation of income and expenditure statement for various trust.
 	
· Prepare the monthly bank reconciliation statements.

Education & Credentials

	Qualification
	Year
	Institute
	Aggregate

	B.COM
	2015
	Vikrama Simhapuri University
	79%

	INTER
	2012
	Board of Intermediate Education, A.P
	88%

	10th
	2010
	Board of Secondary Education, A.P
	87%








Personal Profile

Name	:	K Jaya Lakshmi
Date of Birth	:	06 June 1995
Gender	:	Female
Marital Status	:	Single
Hobbies                                    :	listen to music, Travelling 
Nationality	:	Indian
Language Skills	:	English, Telugu, Tamil 
Father’s Name	:	K. Venkateswara Rao
Mother’s Name	:	K. Venkata Vani


Declaration

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is correct & true to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place: 
 Date:
(K. Jaya Lakshmi)
