















































Saikat Das 
 

saikat.das022@gmail.com | +91-7076947114 | www.linkedin.com/in/i-saikat22  
 

Profile Summary  
 
Promote optimal performance, reliability, and security across core business systems 
 

Results-driven professional offering a progressive, 3+ years’ career in analytics & information technology. 
Have Strong academic back ground with skills in Data Science, Machine Learning and ETL Ecosystem. 
Repeated success directing projects from inception to execution, issue resolution and on-budget delivery. 
Process improvement champion with a history of delivering the proposed solution as per the company 
global delivery standards and to the customer’s expectation, enhance operational efficiency. 

 

 

– Areas of Expertise – 

 

Predictive Modelling | Machine Learning| Python | SQL |Statistical Analysis | Data Mining |Data 
Visualization | Exploratory Data Analysis | ETL Process | Virtualization |  
 

 

Technical Proficiencies  
 

  Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Segmentation (K-Means), Decision Trees, 

Analytics Techniques:  Ensemble learning (Random Forest, Bagging, Boosting), Time Series Forecasting, 
 

  KNN, Naïve Bayes, Natural Language Processing, ANN Basics 
 

Analytics Tools:   Python, Jupyter, MS Excel, SQL, SQL Developer 
 

Platforms:   Solaris10, Windows, Linux  

 

Professional Experience  
 
IBM India Pvt Ltd - 05/2015 to Till Date  
 
Key Projects:  
 
Duration: - 07/2016 – Till Date 
 
Role: - Service Delivery Specialist & Analyst 
 
Clients: - Co Operative Bank UK 
 

• Customer Segmentation: Developed a customer segment to derive market strategy. The dataset 
comprises of 9000 credit card customers active in last 6/12 months 

 

• Network Intrusion Detection using machine learning techniques: The goal of the study is to classify 
different attacks in the network containing anomaly and misuse-based detection using different Machine 

learning classification algorithms. 

 

 



IBM Internal Project: - 
 Resource Allocation Optimization: Developed machine learning models to optimize the resources 
 allocation per shifts based on workload, by identifying the key drivers. 
 
 

Additional Projects Completed: - 
 

• Churn Prediction for Telecom Company: The goal of the study is to apply analytical techniques to 
predict customer churn and analyze churned and active customers. 

 
• Telecom customer segmentation: The goal of the study is to analyse customer segments to derive 

market strategy using K-Means Clustering and provide insights according to different cluster segments. 
 

• Credit Card Spend Prediction Problem: Identified the key drivers for credit card spend to get credit card 
 
               limit insights. 

Techniques used:  
 Python, machine learning, Statistical tests, Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, K-Means  
 Segmentation, KNN, Naïve Bayes, Decision Trees Classification, Ensemble Learning and Optimization. 
 

Project: 
 

Duration: - 05/2015 – 06/2016 
 

Role: - Wintel Administrator 
 

Clients: - Co Operative Bank UK 
 

• Analysed the issues related to virtual machines, servers and created report using MS Excel. Analysed the 
workload & number of incidents gets assigned to Wintel team and created machine learning models to  
automate & classify the issues of the L1 & L2 level activities. 
 

• Created, deployed and maintained virtual machines using VMware technologies.   
 

Technologies used:  
 Windows Server 2012 R2, VMware vSphere Client, VMware ESXI servers, vCenter, MS Excel, WinSCP, 
 MSTSC (Remote Login) 
 

Recognitions: 
 

 Demonstrated outstanding project delivery and troubleshooting skills, consistently receiving high rating 
 on client satisfaction surveys.  

Received several appreciation emails from Client and Managers. 

Awarded with Manager Choice Award for 2016 and 2017. 
 

 

Professional Development & Trainings 
 
 

Data Science using Python from IBM | Data Science & Machine Learning using Python from AnalytixLabs 

(certified) |ETL Developer using Informatica Powercenter from Edureka |  
 
 

Education 
 
 

• B. TECH, Netaji Subhash Engineering College 
Year of Passing – 2014, CGPA – 7.15, WBUT(KOLKATA) 

• Higher Secondary, Saidabad M.C.V 
Year of Passing – 2010, Percentage – 62.6 %, W.B.C.H.S.E. 

• Secondary, Berhampore J. N. Academy 
Year of Passing – 2008, Percentage – 86 %, W.B.B.S.E. 

 

  
R

A
H

U
L

 K
U

M
A

R 

 


