












































RAHUL JOSHI

DIPTI PHULE

        Contact: +91- 9423107984 Email: deepti.phule@gmail.com

Address: 203 Valentina, Lodha Paradise, Majiwada, 

Near Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400601

I am determined to make a successful and covetous career in the field of “Payments” and looking forward for challenging assignments in Customer Service / Operations with growth oriented organisations of repute

Professional Profile

· B. Sc. With 1+ years of experience in customer service and back office work currently designated as Customer Service Executive with HSBC, Hyderabad
· Significant experience in managing & running successful process operations & experience of executing procedures, service standards for business excellence.
· An enterprising individual with excellent analytical, problem solving abilities with a flexible detail oriented attitude.
Organisational Experience

Since Jul’10 – Jun’11 at HSBC, Hyderabad as Customer Service Executive
Key Deliverables

· Handled activities regarding payments.

· Worked with International Payments Department  which included processing of International Payments.
Key Responsibilities

· Responsible for all the processing of Payments including Electronic Funds Transfer within and outside UK.

· Successfully handling the process of transferring funds al over the world depending on the respective currencies.

· Checking and Releasing of payments after they are processed by an Inputting Operator.

· Sending Electronic messages to the customer regarding the confirmation of the payment.
Key Achievements 

· Received Top Performer Award for the Month of November.

· Received Band Progression Certificate for performance depending on the complexity of the process.
Academic Credentials

2006

B.Sc. (Fashion Designing) from National Institute of Fashion Designing Annamalai 

University, Chennai
2003 B.Sc. (Home Science) from Nagpur University, Nagpur
Computers Skills: Working knowledge of MS-Office, Windows & the Internet.
Personal Details

Date of Birth
  

              :10th October, 1982

Address

  

:R/188, SHRI GANESH NAGARI                   

                                 KORADI ROAD NAGPUR PINCODE 441111

Languages Known
:
               English, Hindi & Marathi
References 

: 

Available upon request
