














































                                                                            PENCHILA PRASAD RAO .Y 
                                         PRASAD25833@GMAIL.com 

Mobile:  +91-9840084482. 

 

Sales Automation & Technical Support 

Professional Summary 

Seeking a challenging and dynamic position with a growing firm to add some value for the better growth and profit of the 

organization along with developing my knowledge and selling skills. 

Having 5 Yrs Experience in Sales Automation and Technical Support Currently looking for a suitable Sales Automation & 

Technical Support related position with an ambitious company or organization. 

Areas of Expertise 

 SFA Troubleshooting 

 MS Office Tools 

 MIS Executive 

 Software Installation & Training 

 Technical Support 

 Data Analysis and Execution. 

 DMS & SQL & VBA Macro 

Professional Experience  

Kaleesuwari Refinery Private Limited  

Sales Automation & Technical Support April_2015 to Present  

Reporting to the Sales Development Manager and collaborating closely with other IT team members. Responding to queries 

in a timely and accurate manner and resolving queries to the user’s satisfaction. 

 

Responsibilities: 
 

 Implementing the Installation of SQL based Billing Software ‘Botree’ 

 Installing the Botree Software to Distributors at Field Force Level and Providing Training Guidelines of the Usage of 

Botree Software, 

 Solving the Technical Issues like SQL Related Queries, Tax Calculation, Pricing Variance, Cash Discount, Primary Stock, 

Secondary Stock, Closing Stock Adjustments, & Retailer Details. 

 Involved in UAT Testing and development 

 Reporting on MIS Reports in  Process Level, 

 Taking care of Publishing Reports for PAN INDIA Primary, Secondary Sales & Target Achievement on MTD / YTD 

Reports. 

 Giving Support on Daily Wise Sales through Reports to Sales Officers, Area Sales Manager & Sales Support on 

Improving the Sales Trend, 

 Reporting on Sales Trend Analysis for the Primary & Secondary Data of the Target. 

 Publishing Daily Sales Trend Reports to Field Force Team  

 

 

 

Britannia Industries Private Limited  

Technical Support & DMS Executive December 2013 to April 2015.  

Reporting to the IT Manager and collaborating closely with other Sales team members. Responding to queries in a timely 

and accurate manner and resolving queries to the user’s satisfaction. 

mailto:PRASAD25833@GMAIL.com


 

 
Responsibilities: 

 Supporting Udaan Software and Implementing the Software to all Britannia Clients. 

 Conducting Training on Udaan Software Usage Training to all Clients and Distributor Sales man. 

 Giving Support through Remote Desktop/Phone and provide solutions instantly. 

 Training of Udaan Applications to Field Force Level ASM, SO, TSI and ASM MIS (Sales Team). 

 Any new requirement from the User, discuss with Sales team and forwarded to Software Developer team.  

 Updating the Process level through PDA Integration and Supporting the Technical Issues. 

 Installing Udaan Software to Distributors at Field Level and Resolving the Technical issues  

 Upgrading the Version Control by Supporting of the Client Requirements and Developing the Tools. 

 Scheme Analysis of Monthly Generating the Reports from P&C Server on Regular Sales Trend of the Distributors 

and Improving their Sales Analysis. 

 Taking Follow ups in Udaan Software Queries of Various Regions Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh 

 Resolving Application Related Queries Bill Design, Print Issues, E-Purchase, Claims and Other Technical Issues. 

 

Education 

 MCA – Computer Application (Pursing 1st year) 

 Bachelor's Degree – Bachelor of Computer Science (B.Sc.) From Loyola college 2012 with 67% 

 HSC From TN State Board 2009 with 62% 

 SSLC From TN State Board  2007 with 74% 

 

Personal Details 

Name    : Penchila Prasad Rao . Y 

Contact Details   : No:63,4th Street, New Shastri Nagar, 

      Korukkupet, Chennai – 600021. 

Gender   : Male 

DOB   : 08st May 1992. 

Nationality  : Indian 

Language                        :  Tamil , English (Speak, Read & Write) ,Telugu(Speak) 

 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

                                (PRASAD.Y) 


