
















































		RESUME

K. Rekha				        Mobile number: 9538814312
         Email Address: rekhakamasani@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
I look forward to a career that provides me an opportunity to improve my 
knowledge and personality, continuously in a challenging. Working atmosphere and by
working with people having diverse capabilities and personalities as a team.
WORK EXPERIENCE
		Presently working at IBM Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore, India 
		Job Title	: 	Senior Practioner
		Department	: 	Finance and Accounts
		Process	: 	Accounts Payable 
		Client		: 	DOW
		Experience	:         May 31st, 2016 – Till date (2 years)
		Main Responsibilities
1. Freight Manual Invoice Processing
· Indexing: Validating and updating basic required details from the invoice copy received from the vendor and trying to process the invoice in first instance towards payment.
· Trouble Shooting: Checking and making the invoices to be processed for payment, which are not processed due to bugs in indexing stage and if required routing the documents to concern persons.
· Mails handling: Handling quires received from Vendor/Client.
2. Oracle Transportation Management – Interfacing/Automation.
a. Uploading files and checking: Validating and uploading the files received from Carrier (Vendor) and checking the uploaded files the next day.
b. DP trouble shooting: Troubleshooting documents which are not posted automatically and make them processed.
c. Preparing reports: Preparing reports on daily, weekly and biweekly biases.
d. Functional Mail box: Handling mails received to the functional mailbox. Follow up with the concern teams and provide resolutions to the quires received.
e. Service now: Creating Tickets for the mails received to the functional mail box and resolving the tickets by providing proper resolution.  Actioning tickets assigned by other teams.
f. WebEx Meetings: Attending for WebEx meetings with IT team to resolve some technical issues and with clients for trainings.


Ancillary Responsibilities
1. Duplicate Analysis: Validating and stopping duplicate invoices towards processing to avoid duplicate payments.
2. Auditing: Checking the documents which are posted by processer and sending E-mails to processer to rectify error and follow-up with them for error rectification.
3. PO processing: Supporting others teams in processing PO invoices in case of more volumes.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
· SAP ERP
· RMU
· Oracle
· MS Office
· Typing

Achievements:
· Recognized as star of the month. 
· In short span of my professional career in IBM, I had selected for two new processes.
· Received 4 times Eminence and Excellence cash award and 2 times Mangers choice Award
· Recognized with GBS service Excellence Award.



ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
	Course
	College / University
	Year
	%

	MBA (Finance & Marketing)
	Emeralds Advance Institute of Management Studies (S.V. University)
	2014-2016
	80%

	B.COM (Computer)
	Emeralds Degree College 
(S.V. University)
	2011-2014
	80%

	INTERMEDIATE-M.E.C

	Emeralds Junior College
(Board of Intermediate Education)
	2009-2011
	77.8%

	SSC
	Sri Seshachalam EM High School
(Board of Secondary Education)
	2008-2009
	80.5%







SOFT SKILLS
1. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, managers and clients.
2. Good problem solving and organizational multi-tasking skills.
3. Able to handle in a friendly environment with the subordinates.
4. Able to accomplish the tasks in time.
PERSONAL PROFILE
    Date of Birth		:	26/10/1992
    Nationality		:	Indian
    Languages Known   	:	English, Hindi & Telugu
    Marital Status		:	Single
	         Permanent Address 	:   	D.N.1-6-72, Indiranagar (Near court)
				Tirupathi, Andhra Pradesh 	
    	         Father’s Name               :         K. Vasudeva Reddy
              Mother’s Name              :         K. Koteswari       
	    Hobbies		          :	Traveling, Music lover 

DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above said particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore	
Date:												K. Rekha
