














































 

 

 

MANORANJAN  SAHOO 
 

Email ID:  

 

Manoranjan1435@gmail.com   

                         
COMMUNICATION ADDRESS: 
 

House no #16,vinayak  layout 2nd  
cross,  in front of SGR Dental 
college road, munekolala 
,marathahali , Bangalore-560037 
 

PERMANENT ADDRESS: 
 

AT- Matha sahi(Motel chhak) 

P.O- Bhadrak, Dist.- Bhadrak,  

Odisha ,756100 
 

CONTACT NUMBERS: 

 

Cell no-9778437965 
               

PERSONAL PROFILE 

 

Date of Birth    : 21/02/1991 

Gender             : Male  

Marital Status  : Unmarried   

Nationality       : Indian  

 

LANGUAGES KNOWN 

 

English 

Hindi 

Odia 

 

HOBBIES 

Play computer games 

Play Bad Minton 

Watching Movie 

 
 

Proficient problem solver and a highly flexible and adaptable 

performer seeking a position in an organization where I can utilize my 

in-depth knowledge and skill to multifold the revenue and turnover of 

the organization. 

 

 
Working as Process Associate at Continuserve Softech India Pvt. Ltd 

from Dec-2015 to till date. 

 

Worked as Zonal HR Executive at Spandana Sphoorty Financial LTD 

from July-2014 to August-2015. 

 

                                                      

 

Reporting 
 

 Working for daily, monthly reports. Working  around  32 
reports including monthly and daily reports 

 Performing as an internal auditor. 

 Providing Training to new comer. 

 Process improvement idea. 

 Work allocation for the team. 
 
Billing 
 

 Spearheading efforts as Process Associate and look after U.S 
clients of North America Region. 

 Responsible for Billing, Payments, Accounts Receivables, and 
all other financial requirements. 

 Ensure proper execution, maintaining records and regularly 
reporting all the information to the Managers. 

 Accountable for preparing and billing and ensure timely 
assessments in compliance with various laws and regulations as 

per the contract. 

 Managing the overall functioning of the process, identifying 
improvement areas and implementing adequate measures to 

maximize client satisfaction level. 
 

            Credit & Rebill  
 

 GFS Invoice copy posting. 

 Preparing rectified bill for the customer. 
 

 

 
 
            Vendor management 
 

 The client generates a new request for vendor setup. 

 At this stage, it may be approved as per the approval matrix or 
may need the approval of the relevant authorized personnel at 

the client end. 

 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

WORK EXPERIENCES 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY (AR-O2C) 

RESUME 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY (AP-P2P) 
 



 

 Once this is received at our end, we need to verify the documentation as per pre-defined SOP 
including the approval matrix. 

Payment and Invoice Processing 

 Work on request for remuneration and incoming invoices, and process them efficiently and 
promptly. 

 Perform research on statements provided by suppliers to enable them secure payment of all 
open items. 

 

 

 Recruitment  

 Short listing Candidates. 

 Taking Interviews. 

 Selection. 

 Joining formalities & placement. 

 Promotional interviews. 

 Coordinating With Staff. 

 Attendance management 

 Handle all new new-hire / employee paperwork 

 Orientation and on-boarding process for new employees 

 Handle staff training- Review. 

 Maintaining attendance and absenteeism record. 
 

 

 

 

 Received “Star Performer” award for few months in my role as a Star Performance of the 
month. 

 Received spot awards for going extra mile through value additions, creating process 
documents, quick learner, knowledge sharing, creativity & stretching beyond individual goals 

to assist the team in clearing backlogs. 

 

 

 

 Pursued Master of Business Administration in Regional College of Management with Finance 
as major and Marketing as minor specialization in 2014 under BPUT with 7.7 percentile. 

 Completed Bachelors in Business Administration in the year of 2011 under Fakir Mohan 
University with 65.13%.  

 Completed Intermediate in Science in the year 2008 under CHSE board with 47.33%.  

 Completed Matriculation in the year 2006 under BSE board with 77.86%. 

 

 

 

 Expert in PeopleSoft, Citrix, Portfolio Navigator, Review tools, multiple reporting tools and 

softwares. 

 Proficient in the subject of  MS-EXEL,  MS-WORD, MS-POWER POINT, MS-OUTLOOK. 

 Adaptable performer to handle and work with any software database. 

 

 
 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

I.T EXPOSURE  

AWARDS AND REWARDS 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY (HR Executive) 



 

 

 

 

 Summer Internship Project on Inventory management and ageing analysis at Essel Mining 
Industries Ltd. 

 Live project on Bajaj Discover Bike during Bachelor course. 

 Summer internship project on working capital management at Bajaj Allianz Insurance 
Company during my graduation (B.B.A). 

 

 
 

 

 Team player- loyal and determined. 

 Energetic and physically fit; quick to respond to opportunities and problems. 

 Result oriented–Focused on productive and high-yield activities. 

 Self-aware – always seeking to learn and grow. 

 

 

 

 

 Strong organizational, analytical and interpersonal skills. 
 Hard Working, Goal–oriented. 

 A good team player. 

 Love to create relationship. 

 Help and Influence others. 
 

 

 
 

 Recipient of man of the match award in inters college cricket competition held in RJSMS field 
in 2010. 

 Got best NCC Cadet in 2005. 
 

 
 
 

 Participate in marathon of NSE in 2012. 

 Participated in Blood Donation camp organized by HDFC Bank at RCMA in 2012. 

 Volunteered in Blood Donation camp organized by “Balasore Rotary Club” in 2010 & 2009. 

 Participated in Red Cross campaign in 2006 and 2012. 
 

 

 
 
     I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge 
and belief.     
 

 

 

 

Place:                                                                    
 Date:                            MANORANJAN SAHOO 

STRENGTH 

PERSONAL SKILL 

ACHIVEMENTS 

EXTRAMURAL ENGAGEMENT 

DECLARATION 

ACADEMIC PROJECTS 


