

















































B

B. VISHNU ANAND
No: 1/278, Mangadu Road,   




Mobile: +91-9176616166


Moulivakkam, Porur   




e-Mail:Vishnu704@gmail.com


Chennai-600116.
Career Objectives: 

To be associated with a progressive organization that gives scope to apply my knowledge and skills and to be part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of the organization.

Career Profile:

· Detail-oriented, efficient and organized professional with extensive experience in Retail Banking.

· Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 

· Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical. 

· Resourceful in the completion of projects, effective at multi-tasking.

· Adaptable and self-motivated in a fast moving environment.
Work Experiences:
Bank Banking-Privilege Banker, April 18, 2011 to Present [ ICICI Bank Ltd.]

Functional Responsibilities:

1. Relationship manager for High Net Worth customers of the Bank

2. Providing special service to all privilege customers of the bank.

3. Provide help to customers with the questions of fund availability. 

4. Provide education to customers about Bank products. 

5. Responsible for providing teller transaction efficiency and quality to customers. 

6. Finding various new businesses opening & arranging promotional programs to get commercial business and attain set goals.

7.  Assessing market, current trends in market, finding competitors, also giving suggestions for product improvement
8. Make sure about the regular requirement of Bank such as Bank Secretary Act and Anti-Money Laundering. 

Senior Associate, October 2008 –April 11, 2011 and  Junior Associate, 
March 19, 2007 – October 2008 [ TCS e-Serve Ltd.]:

Functional Responsibilities:

· Responsible in assigning the investigation cases that are routed from the Workflow queue to the investigators queue and to keep a constant watch on the status of the queue, thereby completing the cases within the specified Turn-Around-Time (TAT).
· Ensure that the cases are properly investigated at our end and the client’s query/complaints have been resolved with the standard TAT.
· Ensure that the Procedures, Process & Policy are followed as per the guidelines and are in accordance with Citigroup’s Compliance requirements.
· Preparation of daily, weekly and monthly MIS for quick and effective decision making and preparing P.P.R to check the productivity of a person in the team.
Over All Training Attended:
· ICICI Bank Ace Banker Product Training

· Citigroup Quality Overview

· Information Security Awareness

· Fraud Awareness

· Effective Communication Skills

Strengths and Specialization:

· Decision Making, Team Bonding and Time management and grasp rapidly. 
· Possess thorough knowledge of the Systems being used. 
Achievements:

· Have been awarded the “Best Performer of the team” in our unit, for top performance in the process.

· Have won the “CBNA Golden Paw” of the Quarter award from the Organization for the 3rd Quarter 2007 for excellence performance of the team in terms of Quality and Volumes handled.

· Consistent performer in achieving the Targets set for the month.
Educational Background:
	S. No.
	Course
	Institution/University
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	1.
	BCA
	Sri Muthukumaran Arts and Science

College/Madras University
	    2003-2006
	64%

	2.
	12th
	St. Mary’s Matric. Hr. Sec. School,
Porur, Chennai-116
	    2002-2003
	70%

	3.
	10th
	St. Mary’s Matric. Hr. Sec. School,

Porur, Chennai-116
	    2000-2001
	68.5%


Computer Skills:

Operating Systems: Windows 95, 98, 2000 and Windows XP.


Packages: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint & Adobe Photoshop.


Personal Profile:

Name

       :     B. Vishnu Anand
Fathers Name             :
 Mr. R. Bala Krishnan

Date of Birth              :
 22-10-1985
Sex

       :     Male

Nationality
       :     Indian

Marital status
       :     Single

Languages known      :
 Tamil, English.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 







B. VISHNU ANAND
Place: Chennai








