















































To 









Date:-
The Managirector,

M/s. 

At.

Respected Sir, 
                               I Place before you the followings for your kind consideration & favorable order, that you require some personnel in your esteemed organization in various capacities for which, I would like to offer my candidature for the above.

                               If your honored be pleased to do a favor, I assure you that, Sir I shall do my duties to the entire satisfaction to my superior.

Thanking  You  sir, 

Your's sincerly

Aninda dutta

Self information 
Aninda Dutta                                                
S/O- Sri A. K. Dutta

D.O.B - 12-July 1984.

Single and Indian

31-saraju Road, Vidya Sagar Pally

Parsudih, Jamshedpur-831005
Contact No- 09835565170

Address for Mailing-  aninda.dutta13@gmail.com
Objectives 
                    To accept challenge for making my carrier  in your esteemed organization in a responsible position, which will provide me an opportunities to utilized my skill & experience, to add more to the organization’s requirements and contribute value added cost in time to time.

Job profile

                      Preferred to work and seeking assignment in the field of administration/ multi skilling   of man/material management 
Organization   Experience 
  Feb ’11 to till now TBS India, Telematic Biomedical Service Pvt. Ltd. Under Jurisdictions of Corporate TATA GROUP.
· Worked as Administrator cum Stores  in charge
July‘08 – to Feb ’11 M/s. Kohinoor Steel Pvt. Ltd (In 17 MW captive Power Plant Division)
· Worked as Office administrator cum accountant & MIS executive with Carbon credit coordinator.   
May ’08 – July ’08 Spring Blossom Pre-nursery School.  
· Worked as Project Co-coordinator cum accountant.

Academic credentials

·      2001 - Matriculation from Jharkhand board in 2nd div.

·      2003 - Intermediate in commerce from Ranchi University in 2nd div.

·      2007 - Bachelor in commerce (A/C Hon.) from Ranchi University in 2nd div.

Vocational qualification

· 2 years soft wear diploma (web developing and programming) from APTECH computer institute in Bistupur, Jamshedpur.

Course Details:-
           Basic Course       - MS-OFFICE, Internet

           Web developing - (HTML, DHTML, JAVASCRIPT)
          Programming     - (C, C++, VB, SQL SERVER, Linux)

· 3 Months SAP (FICO) Module course in CIIT Institute, Bistupur, Jamshedpur
Languages Known
(Read, write & speak)-                    Hindi, Bengali & English.

Working field preferred                Any where any place & state as per your requirement.

Home taking Salary (After deduction):- 8500 PM
Expected Salary: - 40 % in addition to the present salary

Signature







Date:-










Place: - Jamshedpur

