
















































	Ravi Kumar K. 
No.133/A, Anandan building ,
Sri  New Balajilayout,OppVeerabhadraSwamy Temple,Doddanagamangla,Electronic City,
Bangalore-56010
	



Mobile No.: 9986555031
Email id: raviravvi45@gmail.com


Career Objective:
Looking for a long-term association with an organization having dynamic work environment where my skills could be enhanced and grow in the hierarchy of the company.
Educational Qualification:

	Degree
	Name of the Institution
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
(excluding languages)

	B.com
(Finance)
	The National Degree College, Bangalore
	
2013
	
75.54%

	
PUC

	Krupanidhi Pre-University College Bangalore
	
2010
	
70%

	
SSLC
	BTL VidyaVahani High School Bangalore
	
2008
	
73.92%


Work Experience:
· Worked as Process associate in Infosys BPO Ltd Bangalore
Process: British telecom (UK Process)
Worked period: February 2014 to July 2015
Roles and responsibilities
· Handled calls, emails regarding the telephone, Broadband, orders and customer accounts.
· Managed the escalations if the customer is not satisfied with alternatives and handled team as floor support.
· Worked as Email & Chat Support Executivein Synchronized Communications Pvt ltd 
Process: Printerpix website (UK and US process)
Worked period: November 2015 to May 2016
Roles and responsibilities
· Handled emails and chats of customer queries related to printerpix website(UK and US process)
· Worked as  Analyst in Fidelity Financial National India
Process: US Mortgage
Worked Period: June 2016 to July 2018
Roles and responsibilities
· Searching and analyzing the data related to the customer property, Analyzing Gathered data and preparing the report with all analyzed data related to the customer property.
· Modifying the report as the per escrow officer request.
· Interacting with Escrow officers, County Officers, Clients and Customer to derive the best data .
· Providing the Floor Support  for new hires and Handling the reports, Trainings and Performed job as search Examiner .

· Worked as Title examiner  in First American India Pvt Ltd
Process: US Mortgage
Worked Period: July 2018 to December 2018
Roles and responsibilities
· Searching and analyzing the data related to the customer property, Analyzing Gathered data and preparing the report with all analyzed data related to the customer property.
· Modifying the report as the per escrow officer request.
· Interacting with Escrow officers, County Officers, Clients and Customer to derive the best data .
· Providing the Floor Support  for new hires and Handling the reports, Trainings and Performed job as search Examiner .

Personality Traits:
· Quick learner
· Good Analytical skills
· Initiator and passionate about working
· Good grasping ability
· Excellent Team Player possessing good communication skills

Technical Skills: 
· Diploma in Computer Application(DCA 4MONTHS)
· Tally ERP 9
More about myself: 
Date of birth	: 5th September 1992
Father’s Name      : Krishna Reddy N.
Languages Known  :Kannada, English, Hindi and Telugu
Hobbies                       : Playing cricket and listening to music
Marital status             : Unmarried


Permanent Address:
No.133/A , Anandan building ,
Sri  New Balajilayout,OppVeerabhadraSwamy Temple,
 Doddanagamangla, Electronic City, Bangalore-56010
	
Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:                                                                                               Yours’ faithfully,                                          
Place: Bangalore                                                                            Ravi Kumar K.

