

















































RESUME

NEERAJ KUMARI

43E/11 Anupama Housing Complex,

VIP Road, Haldiram

Kolkata-52
PH: 07407384542
Email id: nee2nee@rediffmail.com


PROFILE
Customer Service professional with the ability to build strong relationships with customers, coworkers and potential clients. Commitment to continuous education.

 
SKILLS 
· Resolved problems quickly to prevent escalation. Implemented solutions within the day.

· Able to assess customer needs quickly and accurately.

· Excellent listener and problem solver.

· Continuously study new products to improve explanations to customers.

· Skillful in dealing with different types of people and handling pressure.

· Computer proficiency in Word & Excel.


EXPERIENCE

Worked in IGI (Infotech Global) India Ltd, Bangalore as Customer Service Executive from 15th Dec 2008 to 28th Aug 2009. Managed clinical research of cancer patients in Phase 3 and Phase 4 of clinical trial.
Worked in DELL international Services India Private Ltd, Gurgaon as DHS Sr. Sales Representative from 5th Nov 2007 to 2nd July 2008. In inbound sales department processed sale of dell laptops and desktops for UK and European countries customizing system according to their requirement. Placing orders efficiently and accurately, responsible till shipping system to reduce errors.

Worked in EQUINOX Global Services Pvt Ltd, Gurgaon as Sr. Customer Care Executive from 9th April 2007 to 8th Sept 2007. Discusses details with default borrowers of loan and suggested on how they can pay back with a new scheme. Prepared weekly reports for manager on pending applications, loan applications, and loans which were found defaults.
Worked in Teletech Services (India) Ltd, Gurgaon as Customer Service Associate from 30th Sept 2005 to 22nd Nov 2006. Document and successfully resolve customer disputes on billing for their credit card (Target credit card).
Worked in ICODE Customer Management, Gurgaon, as Customer Care Associate from 1st Oct 2004 to 15th Aug 2005. Work for many clients in third-party broker relationships responsible for contacting, head-hunting, screening and hiring employees for other organizations. 
 

EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Physiotherapy, 2005, Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, Bangalore.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Birth Date:-






 January 28, 1979

Civil Status:-






 Married

Nationality:-






  Indian

Declaration:-
                             I hereby declare that all the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and if given an opportunity to serve in your organization, I will work hard and sincerely to the satisfaction of my superiors.

Place:- Kolkata



(NEERAJ KUMARI)

