

















































JAISON JOHN BANJI

ZIGNA j. Pendke
198 Bajaj Nagar,
Aadhar Bldg., 1st Floor,
Opposite Surya Tower
Nagpur 440010.

  +91-712-2232270             zigna.pendke@gmail.com
· +91- 9881741102
· 
Job Objective	
         
	 To make a professional growth oriented career and sustain in the industry with an organization where I can utilize my knowledge to gain professional experience in line to the organizational objectives 
Education

	MBA
	Nagpur University, D.A.M.S.R. College, Nagpur
	August 2006
	1st division

	B.Com.
	Nagpur University, L.A.D. College, Nagpur
	June 2004
	2nd division 

	H.S.C. (commerce)
	Maharashtra Board, L.A.D. College, Nagpur
	March 2001
	1st division

	S. S. C.
	Maharashtra Board, Saraswati School, Nagpur 
	March 1999
	2nd division 



Project Details

Project :-	  Project on “Analysis Of Risk Management Activity At Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd.” for the partial fulfillment of Master Degree in Business Administration (M.B.A.)

Detail :-	The project comprise of detail study on Risk Management activity at Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd., Nagpur & to find out the importance of Asset Liability Management in Bank.

Seminar	

Seminar :-	“Basel – II & risk management” organized by Indian institute of banking & finance.

Detail :-	The Basel committee on banking supervision has unveiled a new capital accord (Basel II), which would be applicable to all international banks. The aim of these measures is to make the banking system more safe & stable. Although Basel-II is centered on all three aspects of risks- credit risk, market risk and operational risk, issue associated with estimation of risk capital for credit risk are complex in nature.
 
Work Experience 

· ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. LTD.
Designation 			:	Unit Manager	
Department 			:	Sales & Distributions
Duration 			:	6 month (31July2006 – 12February 2007)
Role & Responsibility		:	 
· Build Agency Distribution:-As a unit manager, my primary responsibility was training & stimulating team of advisors to generate business.
· The advisor performs the role of suspecting, prospecting & referencing to acquire new customers.  And generating new customer leads and building a robust pipeline for business generation.
· Achieve sales targets through advisors
· Provide on and off field support to advisors.
· Providing need based “Financial planning for customers”.
· Acquiring knowledge and developing skills on products and process through E-learning modules. 
· Imbibe technology platforms to learn & educate about Financial Plans.

· METLIFE INDIA INSURANCE CO. LTD.
Designation 			:	Senior Sales Manager	
Department 			:	Sales & Distributions
Duration 			:	3 year (18August2007 – 02July 2010)
Role & Responsibility		:            
· Build Agency Distribution:-As a unit manager, your primary responsibility will be training & stimulating team of advisors to generate business.
· The advisor performs the role of suspecting, prospecting & referencing to acquire new customers.  And generating new customer leads and building a robust pipeline for business generation.
· Achieve sales targets through advisors
· Provide on and off field support to advisors.
· Providing need based “Financial planning for customers”.
· Acquiring knowledge and developing skills on products and process through E-learning modules. 
· Imbibe technology platforms to learn & educate about Financial Plans.

· AXIS BANK LTD.
Designation 			:	Priority Relationship Manager
Grade				:	Manager	
Department 			:	Retail Banking
Duration 			:	2.8 year (11January 2011 - 26September2013)
Role & Responsibility		:	
· A Priority Banking Relationship Manager is primarily responsible for providing financial solutions to the Priority customers and ensuring value added services

· Responsible for increasing liabilities size of relationship via balances in accounts of existing customers and enhancing customer profitability by capturing larger share of wallet

· Responsible for deepening the existing relationships by cross selling of Bank's products and Services/ third party investment products

· Increasing customer engagement through other non-investment products like Forex, Remittances, Loans, etc. to the new and existing customers

· Ensuring that the customers are sufficiently educated/ leveraged on the best financial solutions


Personal Details

Date of Birth			:	12th  November 1983.
Gender				:	Female	
Nationality			:	Indian.
Linguistic Proficiency		:	English, Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi.
Marital Status 			:	Married



ZIGNA J. PENDKE
1


ZIGNA PENDKE                                                                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3
