
















































RESUME
Name: Gorkshanath Ramchandra Patil
Email Id: gorakhpatil47@gmail.com
Mob:  +91 9145494404
Objective:
To work with challenging, professional and dynamic environment where I can grow my all abilities and to keep result oriented approach.
Academic Qualification:
· B.E. (Comp Sci. & Engg.) from Shivaji University, Maharashtra in 2015 with 62.42%.
· H.S.C. from Kolhapur division of MSBSHSE board, Maharashtra in 2011 with 72.83%.
· S.S.C. from Kolhapur division of MSBSHSE board, Maharashtra in 2009 with 84.76%.
Experience Summary:
· B.E. (Comp Sci. & Engg.) with 2.4 year of experience in SQL server management studio 2008/2014, SSIS (SQL Server Integration service) as Software Engineer in FIGMD INDIA PVT LTD.
· Worked on stored procedures, Sql scripting, functions, Trigger, database mail configuration, Maintenance Plan and SQL job scheduling etc.
· Worked as Extract Transform Load (ETL) analyst.
Technical Skills:
Operating System	: Microsoft Windows, Linux.
Database Languages	: SQL, PL/SQL
Databases		: SQL Server Management Studio 2008/2014, oracle 11g.
Programming Language	: proficient knowledge of C, C++, JAVA and C#.Net etc.
Reporting Tools		: SSIS, SSRS.
Company Projects:
Project #1
Title		: Health Quality Information Management (HQI).
Clients		: American Academy of Ophthalmology (AAO) and American Academy of Dataderm(AAD). 
Role		: Software Engineer.
Environment	: SQL, Extract, mapping, SSIS,SSRS (SQL Service reporting System) and Load (report submission by Excel sheet or Dashboard).
Description: 
	“Healthcare Information Management”, this project works on ETL and Dataware house where user requires their performance report Mapping team pull the data from client side and repository team transform those data into well formatted structure and load the reports  through SSRS and dashboard.
Responsibilities: 
· View build and Element mapping: mapping for elements to insert data into production databases by SSIS package.
· Load reports by using compare sheet and dashboard (Web).
· Maintenance plan for required databases.
Academic Project:
Title		: Data Integrity and dynamic storage way in cloud.
Role		: Team
Environment	: Microsoft SQL management studio 2008, MS Visual Studio 2008, C#.Net etc.
Description	: This is security based project where user can upload their data on cloud dataset where it is stored in encrypted format using encryption algorithm and can retrieves the data with unchanged format and the integrity is maintained. 
Responsibilities:
· Design the webpages for front view for user.
· Database design using Microsoft SQL management studio 2008.
Personal Profile:
	Address		: Plot no.28, Ujjwal housing society, Ujalaiwadi Kolhapur 416004.
	Date of Birth	: 30th May 1993.
	Nationality	: Indian
Declaration:
	I hereby declare that all the information provided here is correct as per my best knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place: Pune, Maharashtra							GorkshanathPatil.
