




































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURICULUM VITAE
NAME:


Mohd Ashfaque Khalid Noorani

ADDRESS:


B-606 Kanhai Gopal Complex




Sector 20, Plot 9-C,




Kharghar    




Navi Mumbai 410 210
TELEPHONE NO.:

9819028280 (Mobile)

EMAIL ADDRESS:

ashfaquenoorani@yahoo.com
EDUCATIONAL

QUALIFICATIONS:

B.Com graduate from Mumbai University.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Name of the Organization: WNS Global Services
Designation: Assistant Manager Operations

Time Period: 07th Apr 2017 till date
Responsibilities:
1. There are 20-25 Team Members reporting to me. Each TL has 22-25 team members. Also each TL has one SME reporting to him apart from his team members.

2. Ability to communicate with internal and external customers in a persuasive, comprehensible manner and ability to demonstrate their thought process to the team.
3. Achieve results by firm prioritization, setting realistic goals, analysis and decision making. Shows tenacity in achieving results.  

4. Takes initiative in identifying current and potential problems and determine best solution to solve them. 

5. Ability to work in high pressure-environment.

6. Conducting performance appraisals for the team.

7. Building effective relationship through positive communication, honesty and trust.
8. Responsible on achieving daily SLAs. Absenteeism and Attrition.
Name of the Organization: Sitel India Pvt Ltd 

Designation: Team Leader

Time Period: 31st October 2012 till 06th Apr 2017
Responsibilities:

2. Joined part of Nectar Dept process.
3. Underwent training period and successfully cleared the training as per the parameters set by the client.

4. Handling team of 15-20 members. Handling email queries, webchat queries and voice queries
5. Responsible for achieving SLA on a daily basis.

6. Sending reports on a daily, weekly and monthly performance report to the team and also to the higher levels of management.

7. Conducting briefing and de-briefing sessions for the Team.

8. Monitoring calls as per the parameters set up by the client.

Name of the Organization: 3global services 

Designation: Team Leader

Time Period: 22nd February 2010 till July 2012

Responsibilities:

a. Joined part of 3Care Dept Inbound process(Customer Service)
b. Underwent training period of 3 months and successfully cleared the training as per the parameters set by the client.

c. Handling team of 15-20 members.

d. Responsible for performance, attendance, sales target, compliance issues and maintaining schedule adherence target for the team.

e. Innovativeness in process development. 

f. Reporting daily, weekly and monthly sales report with the higher levels of management.

g. Conducting briefing and de-briefing sessions for the Team.

h. Monitoring calls as per the parameters set up by the client.

i. Internal & External call calibration sessions on a weekly basis with Australian counterparts.

Name of the Organization: TCS 

Designation: Assistant Manager

Time Period: February 2009 till September 2009

Responsibilities:

a. Joined part of Sunshine team.

b. Underwent training period of and was handling team of 20 team members.
c. Responsible for performance, attendance, sales target, compliance issues and maintaining schedule adherence target for the team.

d. Innovativeness in process development. 

e. Reporting daily, weekly and monthly sales report with the higher levels of management.

f. Conducting briefing and de-briefing sessions for the Team.

g. Monitoring calls as per the parameters set up by the client.

h. Internal call calibration sessions on a weekly basis with Australian counterparts.

Name of the Organization: Intelenet Global Services    

Designation: Team Leader

Time Period:  July 2006 till 14th February 2009
Responsibilities:

1. Working in Barclays Bank process Inbound process (customer service plus 
up- selling)
2. Responsible for Team’s performance, attrition and attendance records.

3. Developing monthly and quarterly incentive schemes.

4. Process Improvement. 

5. Reporting daily, weekly and monthly sales report with the higher levels of management.

6. Conducting briefing and de-briefing sessions for the Team Coach and also for the respective teams.

7. Monitoring calls as per the parameters set up by the client.

Name of the Organization: IBM Daksh   

Designation: Team Leader

Time Period: August 2003 to March 2006

Responsibilities:

1. Joined part of transitioning process to United States (San Antonio, TX) for   CITIGROUP, Citibank NA for a period of three months. 

2. Received DIPLOMA from US saying that I have successfully completed the training and on the job-training (OJT) phase.

3. Developing monthly and quarterly incentive schemes.

4. Innovativeness in process development. 

5. Reporting daily, weekly and monthly sales report with the higher levels of management.

6. Trained batches during the initially stages when the process went LIVE. Each batch had 15 Agents.

7. Presently handling OJT (On the job training) team comprising of not more than 75 agents and five Team Coaches at any given point of time.

Name of the Organization: E-Funds International Call Center  

Position held: Team Member

Time Period: Twenty-three months from December 2000 to November 2002.

Responsibilities:

1. Inbound calls for UK, Canadian clients and US.

2. MIS reports.

3. Walking the floor after completing one year in the organization.

4. Helping new members who join the team. Especially educating them importance of quality, meeting daily targets, importance of attendance, double jacking with them, etc.

OTHER 

ACTIVITIES:
Active participation in sports and other activities.

