















































 

Nilesh Sharma   
DATA SCIENCE ENTHUSIAST - Seeking challenging assignments with growth-oriented organizations. 
 
Phone: 9972063561         Email: nsnilesharma@gmail.com 

 Address: Financial District, Hyderabad 
 

Responsible for implementing data mining and statistical machine learning solutions to various business problems such as sales lead 

scoring, demand forecasting, and targeted marketing and key projects including Web Scraping, Text Mining & Tableau charts.  
 
EXPERIENCE 

Reliance Jio Infocom  

Capstone Project              Sep ‘18 - Present 
Building a monument recognition model to identify the Indian monuments with different orientation of the images using the  

deep learning, by reducing the noise present in the form of tress, animal, people, etc. often leads to less accuracy. 

 

Franklin Templeton Investment 
Data Science Intern                                                                                                                                       Jan ’18- July ‘18 
Key Activities:  
1. Use advanced analytics using python for Business Intelligence & Visualization expertise to provide sales teams with actionable inputs 

with an easy to use interface. 
2. Automate the Mutual Fund sector trend/ Cross Selling tool. 
 
3. Data intelligence: provide efficient analysis of data for more accurate understanding of large complex, unstructured data sets. 
  
Accenture, Bengaluru 
Application Developer Analyst

 
March ‘15 - December ‘17 

 
Responsible for integrating the with Salesforce with overseeing and managing Salesforce including extensive detail reports, building 

analysis, data visualization as well as tracking Sales pipeline and providing reporting and analytics for use in day-to-day operations of 

the organization. Implement SFDC practices and improve overall adoption and usage of the platform. Serve as a liaison with 

marketing department to deploy and track all marketing programs while providing reporting and analytics to determine success of the 

individual programs and efforts.  
1. Implement the rest service to integrate the Salesforce with SAP using rest APIs. 

2. Implementing and Scheduling the batch classes for the bulk transactions. 

3. Implement new enhancements and improvements to Salesforce while maintaining user roles, security profiles and developing sales 

and operation process with the Salesforce platform and documenting all changes as well as providing best practices to all the users to 

maintain high quality data. 
 
4. Provide high level analytical reporting and administrative support to the senior executive team. 
 
5. Develop detail reporting, dashboards for the senior management team.       
EDUCATION   
Indian School of Business, Hyderabad 
 
Certification in Business Analytics (Masters Equivalent) 

 
 
 

June 2017 - Sep 2018 

 
 
RGPV, Bhopal 
 
Bachelors of Engineering in Information Technology  

 
 June 2010 - March 2014 

 
SKILLS  
 
Programming & Data Analytics: R, Python, SQL, Statistical Modelling, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Clustering, 

Data modeling 

Packages Used: NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow 

Data Visualization: Tableau, MS Excel 


