


































CV_Anindita_R.doc

Surjayan Adhikary
surjayan16@gmail.com
+919836514484
CAREER AIMS 
To obtain a meaningful and challenging position that enables me to learn the finance and accounting field and allows for advancement and to contribute effectively to the organization by utilizing the best of my skills, ability and knowledge. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
	YEAR
	EXAM
	PERCENTAGE
	INSTITUTE

	2005
	B.Com (Honors’)  
	58%
	South City College 


	2002
	ISC
	87.5%
	Calcutta Boys' School

	1999
	ICSE 
	75%
	Lycee School


PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION
	YEAR
	EXAM
	PERCENTAGE
	INSTITUTE
	STATUS

	2011
	C.A. (Final) Group I
	50%
	I.C.A.I.
	Group II Pending

	2007
	C.A. (P.E. II)
	61.5%
	I.C.A.I.
	Passed


WORK EXPERIENCE
1. Berger Paints India Ltd
Finance Executive – Internal Audit

January 2016 – current

· Targets: Achieved deadlines while working for Berger Paints Internal Audit team.

· Independent Assignments: Handling independent internal audit assignments in different locations in India of factories, depots and outsourced manufacturing units.

· Audit Functions: Involved in preparation of audit plan, auditing the financials as well as the majority of the operations of factories, depot, discussing audit issues with management and preparation of final audit reports. Audit of independent outsourcing units and validating the quality as well the parameters of Legal Metrology Act to ensure that the standards are met regarding goods and packing materials.

· Preparation of executive summary for Audit Committee presentations.

· Involved and exposed to various aspects of Auditing Standards, Corporate Laws, Direct and Indirect Taxation, etc.

2. BT Eserv India Private Ltd
Associate

December 2014 – January 2016
· Targets: 

Product and Service Delivery (PnSD) transition done from January 2015 till February 2015 and successfully learned the process and helped team members with proper coaching. Was awarded the High Performance of the month award (HYPO) for outstanding contribution in the transition phase. Achieved deadlines regarding billing of UK based contracts who are availing the service of BT. Complied with the SLAs of the activities and always maintained the core values of BT like RFT and OTD by securing 100% till date. Other Adhoc jobs includes, preparation of Billing Dashboard on a monthly basis Query Management from UK counterparts, customers and Revenue Assurance Team involving complex queries and escalations.

· PnSD Billing Team
· Reconciliation of new contracts in the tool Billing Gateway Server (BGS) with the price list.

· Validation of price lines in BGS with customer signed contracts and other portals like Expedio and CCRM.

· Raising of credits in the system by calculation the amount after taking into account the date, amount.

· Maintenance of Revenue Assurance Tracker on a monthly basis to record the wrong price lines so that the RFT does not take a hit.

· Preparation of Billing Tracker and updating it in Share point on a monthly basis.

· Preparation of monthly dashboard on a monthly basis.

3. Genpact India
Process Developer in Financial Accounting

August, 2012 – December 2014 (2.4years)

· Targets: 

Achieved deadlines regarding profit and loss close, balance sheet close on a monthly basis and activity close like accounts receivable, sending out pro-forma statements while working for clients in teams under pressure.

· Independent Assignments: 

Currently handling independent activity in Intercompany Accounts and Bank of a UK based client as per the UK GAAP.

· Intercompany Accounts     

· Recording all transactions within the different entities on the basis of invoices, debit or credit notes.

· Sending out various statements regarding Trade and Non Trade Receivable & payable on a monthly basis.

· Sending out invoices to the respective entities to book the respective intercompany charges.

· Preparation of journal and posting them in the sub ledger accounts on a daily basis and liaise with the clients for their approval.

· Preparation of Reconciliations of Sub ledger accounts of the entities and matching them with the ledger and Trial Balance on a monthly basis.

· Liaise with the client to resolve the open items so as to negate any long outstanding items in the list of open items.

· Making Forex calculations of the payable and posting the necessary journal so as to avoid any difference between the ledger and sub ledger.

· Rolling out the statements to the different entities and liaise with the latter for payments as well as receipts to resolve the items in the reconciliation on a monthly basis.

· Preparation of Trade Accounts payable Reconciliation and making the intercompany pay run on a monthly basis to pay the invoices due.

· Resolving any queries through mails from the intercompany mailbox on a daily basis.

· Bank
· To prepare Bank reconciliation Statements on a monthly basis.

· To obtain the bank statements from the clients and resolve the reconciling items.

· To follow up with other departments like Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable to post the necessary journals to resolve the open items in the reconciling statements.

· Joined to provide support to the Management Accounting team, however, voluntarily assigned in the Sales Commission Transition from United Kingdom in October 2012 for 2 months so as to diversify the portfolio of the work and to help Top Management in times of need.

· Resolving Credit Realignments in a billing tool so as to comply that a credit raised against an invoice is netted off against the person who issued the invoice.

· Resolving Misaligned credits in the billing tool to comply that the credits are booked in the period in which the respective invoice is booked.

· Calculating the amount of commission to be payable to the sales agents on a monthly basis.

· Preparation of the variance analysis between the Actual and Target sales made by the sales agents on a monthly basis by comparing data's of billing tools, target database and   provide reasonable explanation for any variance over the threshold limit.

· To convene a meeting with the Finance Director every month to evaluate the sales performance and resolving the queries made on the month sales and commission payable.

4. PwC SDC India Private Ltd
Associate

June, 2010 - January, 2011 (7 months)

· Targets: Achieved deadlines while working for PwC Australia and US Assurance clients in teams under pressure. Preparation of financial statements and ensuring consistency thereof as per the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) disclosures and interpretations and GAAP of different countries primarily US and UK.

· Independent Assignments: Handling independent audit assignments for PwC Australia. Preparation of disclosure checklists for the financial statements prepared by Australian entities as per the Australian Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB).

· Providing recommendation to the clients on ideal disclosure in the financial statements in order to portray the true and fair view of the state of affairs and of profit/loss of the company

Good Experience of Statutory Audit and Mutual fund Audit.

5. M/s Lovelock & Lewes, Chartered Accountants
Articled Assistant

March, 2007 - March, 2010 (3 years)

· Targets: Achieved deadlines while working for clients in teams under pressure.

· Independent Assignments: Handling independent audit assignments.

· Audit Functions: Involved in making of audit plans, discussing audit issues with management and preparation of final reports.

· Involved and exposed to various aspects of Auditing, Corporate Law, Income Tax, etc.

· Good Experience of Statutory Audit, Tax Audit, and Limited Review.

Major Assignments

	Company
	Industry
	Nature of Work

	Tata Tea Limited
	Tea Manufacturing and Blending
	Statutory Audits, Tax Audits, Limited Reviews.

	Visa Steel Limited
	Steel Manufacturing Co.
	Statutory Audits and 

Limited Review

	Nokia Siemens Networks India Private Ltd
	Manufacturers of Broadband, Transformers
	Interim Audit

	Ortel Communications Limited & Orissa Television Limited
	Electronic Equipment’s, Cables, Electronic Media.
	Statutory Audit.

	Amalgamated Plantations Private Limited
	Tea Manufacturing.
	Statutory Audits- Estate Visit, Interim Audit

	Goodricke Group Limited
	Tea Manufacturing and Blending
	Statutory Audits- Estate Visit.


Other Assignments 

	Company
	Industry
	Nature of Work

	CHNHB Association
	Insurance
	Statutory Audit

	Calcutta Club Limited
	Club & Entertainment.
	Statutory Audit

	Orient Black swan Private Limited
	Books.
	Interim Audit

	J.Thomas & Co Private Limited
	Tea Auctioneer
	Tax Audit

	Ingram Micro India Private Limited
	Computer Equipment’s & Accessories
	Stock Take.

	Surya Nepal Private Limited
	Cigarettes & Garments Manufacturers.
	Stock Take.

	Flakt India Limited
	Industrial Fans
	Stock Take.


STRENGTHS
· Strong analytical skills

· Good team player

· Good organizational and management skills

COMPUTER SKILLS 
· Well conversant in MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-Access.

· Worked on ERP packages, such as SAP and People soft.

CO CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

Completed Computer Training Course recommended by ICAI

INTERESTS
· Listening to music

· Reading

· Football

· Movies

· Photography 

· Travelling

PERSONAL DETAILS
	Name 
	:
	Surjayan Adhikary

	Address
	:
	21C, Deshapriya Park Road

Kolkata-700026

West Bengal, India


	Mobile
	:
	+919836514484 / 8585029826

	Date of Birth
	:
	16th  November, 1983

	
	
	

	
	
	

	Passport
	:
	Yes







