
















































ALOK KUMAR MAHASETH

B.Tech (Information Technology)

Neotia Institute of Technology Management and Science (Formerly known as I.T.M.E) Mobile No.-09911331708
E-mail-  alokmahaseth@gmail.com

Objective :

To work in a collaborative environment where I can nurture and sharpen my skills and talent for the growth of the company.

Professional Experience :

Organization : Synergy Fintech Private limited (Brand  Saverisk) | Aug 2016 – Present Designation: Python Developer

Role & Responsibilities : I am responsible for all tasks related python(Data science), data information design, lead crawling team and work on code with most relevant and efficient way to write and analysis of code which is based on structure and development design .



Organization : M. tech Informatics Ltd(Venture by  GPA Group) | june 2015 – Aug 2016 Designation: Software Developer

Role & Responsibilities : I worked for all the related task with scraping team where we used to create multiple python script to scrap data(crawling ) with the help of scrapy framework and with the use of different modules.

I worked on php as well to create website like Gapgroup.in , mtechinfo.in, suitindia.org


Organization : Personalive services | Dec 2013 – june 2015
Designation: Web Developer

Role : Work as a team lead. Work on modeling part in pythion and  Used HTML/HTML 5 ,CSS/CSS 3, php, CMS( wordpress), Javascript, JQuery etc.


Professional Projects :

Organization: Synergy Fintech Private limited (Brand  Saverisk) | Aug 2016 – Present

Project :  spreadautomator.com  , Saverisk  


Project Description:

Spreadautomator.com leading machine based artificial intelligence platform focused on the financial services market. 

Saverisk.com helps you to measure risk against your counterparty by providing detailed risk assessment service. The legal footprint of each corporate/individual is scrutinized across all court in country ranging from district courts, tribunals till apex court of country.


Organization: M-tech Informatics Ltd | june 2015 – aug 2016

Project :  CompareMunafa online pvt ltd

Project Description:

Compare Munafa is and E-portal website, where company bring together leading online stores and helps buyers to select the best deals by comparing product/shop price online, while offering added advantage of cash back and discount against every purchase. Motive is, to a one-stop destination where buyers save time, effort and money with every purchase


Organization: Personalive services| Dec 2013 – june 2015

Role: Created the website using CMS(Wordpress) & HTML 5 CSS3 . Also have helped on the application by fixing many websites bugs.

URL:  http://furrion.com/ (Large Project) URL:  http://middleeastspeakers.com/ URL:  http://bestwebconversion.co.uk/



Technical Proficiency :

Python,Data Science(Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Matplotlib),Crawling, MySQL, Mongo DB , Github, Html



Scholastic Qualification :


Professional:

	Education
	Institution Name
	Branch
	University
	Marks(CGPA)

	Level
	
	
	/Board
	

	Bachelor of
	Neotia
	Information
	W.B.U.T
	

	Technology
	Institute of
	Technology
	
	7.28

	(2009-2013)
	Technology
	
	
	

	
	Management
	
	
	

	
	and Science
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	





Hobbies and Interest :
· Planing and watching cricket
· Love to work with innovative part like coding and all




I hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and believe.



Date                                                                                                                      -----------------------------
                                                                                                                              Alok Kumar Mahaseth
