















































                                                      
PRIYANKA MUKHERJEE 

Email-id: priyanka.b.mukherjee@gmail.com 
Alternative Email-id: priyanka.mkhrje@rediffmail.com 

Phone:  08274844506, 8240518404 
Notice Period: Immediate Joiner 

 
                              To Integrate Organizational Goals with Individual Objective and work towards  

Achieving the Common Goals 
 

PGDBA (Finance) with total of 7.8 years’ experience in Industries like Accounting and 
Finance and Health Insurance domains with experience in leading teams , training and guiding 
team members and enabling knowledge sharing among the team and possessing excellent 
interpersonal skills in building and managing relationships with clients as well as strong 
communication, relationship management, analytical and problem-solving skills. 
 

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS- Year of Experience (7th December 2010- till date) 
 

1. Worked in CAPGEMINI India. Pvt Ltd. Kolkata as a Senior Process Associate in Grade A4 in a 
finance project from 08-May-2012 to 06-Aug-2018 (6.3 years) 

 
Job Profile 

 

➢  UK Project Accounts Payable from 08-May-2012 to 22-Dec-2013 
●    Booking debit, credit, foreign invoice with PO & without PO 
●    Booking contra entries & dummy invoices/ credits 
●    Resolving issues of the supplier through emails & calls, part of AP helpdesk 
●    Checking of invoice & bank a/c details before payment 
●    Knowledge of BACS, Direct Debit, Standing Order and Hex payments 
●    Statement Reconciliation 

 
➢  France Project Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and General Ledger from 23-Dec-2013 

to 29-June-2015 
●    Booking PO and Non PO invoices as per coding 
●    Investigate on invoice discrepancies and follow up with the client 
●    Booking prepayment entries on basis of bank statement & then initiating payment 

●    Cash application 
●    Reconciliation between bank account and ledger accounts 
●    Updation of cheque entries & offsetting of debit/ credit entries 
●    Posting of journal entries, accrual entries & recurring entries 
●    Supplier updation and creation 
●    Suspense A/c reconciliation 
●    Ad hoc reporting 

 
➢  Germany Project Intercompany Accounts Payable from 01-July-2015 to 06-Aug-2018 
●    Booking subcontractor invoices in accrual account  

●    Booking Non PO invoices in GL Account or project and task with expenditure type. 
●    Making Non netting payment 
●    Payment Reconciliation 
●    Invoice status providing to suppliers 
●    Attending and managing weekly call with our Krakow and Germany colleagues. 
●    Working on critical query emails 

●    Invoice holds release 
●    SME of the team and also acting as a lead for the team. 

 

➢ Achievement and Recognition :- 
A. Owned promotion twice as Process Associate (A3) and Senior Associate (A4) within 

the span of the total tenure. 
B. Best Team Award for Q1 (Jan- Mar) 2014 for F&A engagement in recognition of exemplary 

performance, attainment of business goals and exceptional commitment towards team work. 
C. Consistently received Spot Award in recognition of display of exceptional commitment & 

contribution in the service excellence 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017. 
D. Long service award for continuing service for 5 years. 
E. Performed remote transition twice for France and Germany project. 
F. Various Personality development trainings received such as Communication skills, 

corporate etiquettes along with Business intellectual training such as Email Etiquette, 
Dealing with client etc. 

mailto:priyanka.b.mukherjee@gmail.com
mailto:priyanka.mkhrje@rediffmail.com


G. Trained in Lean and Six Sigma and have given few lean ideas. 
 
 

➢ Team Handling Responsibilities Taken :- 
A. Allocation of tasks among the entire team which followed by tracking the completion status 

of the task as well. 
B. Handling the escalations raised by client on behalf of my team and doing RCA (Root Cause 

Analysis) to solve the problem areas.  
C. Providing the weekly status report to the client and management of the overall deliverables. 

 
2. Worked in WIPRO Ltd. Kolkata as a Senior Associate in a health insurance project called 
UHG in a non-voice department from 07-December -2010 to 05-May-2012 (1.5 years) 

 

A.  US project Health Insurance 
●    Process health insurance claims with appropriate benefits 
●    Auditing High Dollar and Low Dollar claims 
●    Supporting New Joiners as an On Job Trainer 

 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS & CREDENTIALS 

 
● PGDBA (Finance) (2013-2015) with 67% from Symbiosis Distance of Learning, Pune 

(Maharashtra). 
 

● B. Com (A/Cs & Finance Hons.) 2010 with 55.38% from Shri Shikshayatan College, 
Kolkata (West Bengal) under Calcutta University. 
 

● Intermediate 2007 with 84% from Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Bokaro Steel City (Jharkhand) 
under CBSE Board. 

 
● Matriculation 2005 with 68% from Bishop Westcott Girl’s School, Ranchi (Jharkhand) 

under ICSE Board. 

 
HOBBIES 

 
Singing, dancing, stitching, playing badminton, table tennis, carom etc. 

 
LANGUAGES KNOWN 

 
English, Bengali (Mother Tongue), Hindi 

 
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 

 
➢ Passed Diploma in financial accounting from Youth Computer Centre of Kolkata 

 
● Knowledge of Financial packages: Tally, Ex next, Fact and Accord 
● Knowledge of Basic and Microsoft:  MS- Excel, MS- Outlook, MS-Word, MS- 

PowerPoint, MS- Communicator 
● ERP and Applications: Oracle: GFS, Itesoft, Basware, Business Object, Global 

Procurement System 

 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 

Sex:    Female 
Date of Birth:   24.06.1988 
Father’s Name:  Mr. Gautam Mukherjee 
Mother’s Name:  Mrs. Indira Mukherjee 
Permanent Address:  Patel Nagar, Bhurkunda 
    Dist: Ramgarh, Jharkhand, PIN: 829106 
      

Correspondence Address:     Flat#2, Building B2, Raagdari Apartment,  

                                        Near Kaka Halwai, D.P road, Aundh, Pune: 411007 
 
    

Date:                                                                                                                      Place: Pune 
                                                                                                      

                                                                                                                                


