














































Resume 
Jatin Poddar          
Email: jatinpoddar1@gmail.com     
Mobile: +91 8767192791  
 
Career Objective 

 Aspiring for a challenging position in a progressive organization where I can add value by 
implementing my experience and technical skills. To acquire personal advancement and 
to enjoy helping peers. 

 
Professional Summary 

 2.5+ years of software engineering experience with good exposure to J2EE and UI/UX 
Applications. 

 Proficient in Agile and SDLC methodologies of Software development  

 Ability to do develop solutions according to client requirement. 
 Ability to handle client requests for maintenance and development tasks, prepare 

document for the same which clearly explains the task. 

 
Achievements 

 
 Multitalented  award winner for the financial year 2016 – 2017 

 Project STAR award winner for the financial year 2016-2017 

 

Skills Profile 

Operating System  Windows (7,8,10) 

Database Oracle 10g 

Languages  Core Java,  HTML5 , CSS3 , JavaScript  

Framework  BootStrap , Angular Js (1.6) , JQuery  ,Spring (MVC,Core) 

Tools  Eclipse IDE, STS, JIRA,   SQL Developer , Maven , Visual Studio Code 

Repository 
Management 

 Tortoise SVN , Github 

Server  Apache Tomcat  

 

 

mailto:jatinpoddar1@gmail.com


Career Synopsis  

Current 
Organization 

Capgemini, Mumbai 

Period 29
th

 May 2015 – till date 

Designation Sr.Analyst / Sr. Software Engineer 

 

 

Project Experience Highlights 

 KISS 2.0 

 

Title of the project : KISS 
Duration   : From July 2015 to till date 
Team size  : 28 
Technology  : Java 
Framework  : Spring MVC (REST), Spring JPA, Angular JS, JQuery, Bootstrap 
Server   : Tomcat 
Database  : Oracle 10g 
Tools   : STS, SVN, JIRA, Maven, SQL Developer 

 
Project Summary:  
KISS = Kunde Information Salgs- og Sagsstyringssystem 
KISS is customer information and case handling system.  
TDC a Denmark Cable TV company uses KISS as an internal application for tracking and 
providing solution to its customer. KISS is integrated with SFDC Management, Drools for 
Business rules. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Responsible for design, development and unit testing of different modules 
according to client requirement and client interaction about the same. 

 Worked as a  team member, resolving issues and providing estimation of task. 

 Creation of test cases and technical documentation . 

 Trained Juniors for Project related technologies. 

 Code review and maintain code quality. 

 
 

 

 

 

 



 

 

Education 

 

 Mumbai University, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, Bsc IT - 2015 

 State Board, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, HSC - 2012 

 State Board, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, SSC – 2010 

 

 
Personal Details 

Date of Birth  : 10 November 1994. 

Gender            : Male. 

Maritial Status  : Single. 

Nationality            : Indian. 

Language Proficiency :  English, Hindi and Marathi 

Current Residence  : 304/Trikal-310 , Pantnagar , ghatkopar (e) , Mumbai – 400075. 

 

Declaration 

 I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge 

and belief. If provided an opportunity, I will utilize it with all my determination to be a 

committed professional dedicated to the cause of the organization. 

Place: Mumbai 

Name: Jatin Poddar. 
 

 


