










































Ritika Dhand

Ritika Dhand
Address: Delicia A105, Hinjewadi Phase 1, Pune 411057

Mobile No: 8583834545

E-mail: rdhand23@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

Motivated and detail-oriented junior accountant with 5 years general accounting experience offers the following skills and experience.
SKILL SET AND COMPETENCIES

1. Solid working knowledge of MS Office with a strong level of proficiency in MS Excel
2. Administration of accounts receivable and accounts payable diverse knowledge in Finance and marketing.
3. Efficient maintenance of the integrity of general ledger accounts. 
4. Preparation of accurate financial accounts and reports to comply with accounting principles and practices
5. Engagement with budget development and financial forecasting
6. Able to accurately gather, interpret and analyze financial data
7. Excellent organizational skills with demonstrated ability to effectively prioritize to meet strict deadlines
8. Proven ability to quickly learn and use new technologies and tools , and utilizing the same in a productive manner 
9. Good work ethics with good communication, interpersonal skills, Good team player with excellent analytical and organizational skills.


                                                                              Work Experience
Executive Support System   
La Opala RG Ltd. Kolkata, India
Mar 2012 – Dec 2016

Job Profile: - 

1. Assist with the preparation, analysis and verification of accounting records, financial statements and reports to ensure accuracy and adherence to Anti-Dumping Duty reporting and procedural standards 
2. Collect, categorize, calculate, verify and enter Import data to maintain accurate records for monthly import reports.
3. Support the month end close process.

4. Audit, process and pay vendor invoices in an accurate and timely manner
5. Assist with tax filings, depositing monthly TDS of company and filing quarterly returns.
6. Drafted and sent letters to Customs and Revenue Depts.
7. Record and process employee re imbursement expense reports and reconcile credit card statements
8. Provided front line support to Accounts, Marketing and Procurement department by resolving AP and AR problems with vendors and customers by coordinate audits in accordance with internal and external procedures, taking full ownership of customer problems until they were fully resolved.
9. Flexible, resourceful & willing to take special projects related to process improvements, Hungry to learn from the ground up, and currently looking for a suitable position with a forward looking company.

ACADEMICS
	Degree/Certificate
	Board/ University
	Year of Passing
	% Marks

	Secondary

	C.B.S.E
	2004
	77.00

	Senior Secondary
	R.B.S.E
	2006
	76.00

	B.B.A
	Rajasthan University
	2009
	63.00

	M.B.A
	Rajasthan Technical University
	2011
	72.50



SPECIALIZATION
Major
: Finance
Minor
: Marketing


INTERNSHIPS AND PROJECTS
1. Project Title: Analysis of Customer Satisfaction Level.

KOTAK MAHINDRA OM LIFE INSURANCE Surat.

Undertook Summer Training for a period of 30 days
2. Project Title: Revenue Enhancement & Cost Optimization.

Vodafone Telecommunication Jaipur.

Undertook Summer Training for a period of 45 days
            
Extra-curricular Activities

1. Coordinated the management events at state level.
2. Achieved 1st prize in the debate competition on the topic of Negative effect of western culture on Indian culture.
3. Participated in business quiz at the national level.

4. Achieved 1st prize in dance competitions at state level.

5.  Achieved 1st prize in fashion show at state level. 
6. Active participation in various activities like group discussion, Business-Quiz, Ad-Making, Business Plan making, organization of management simulation and other activities.   


Strengths

Positive thinking, patience, punctuality and dance.
References
Available on request

Signature
Ritika Dhand
