




















































Address: # 8, 4th Cross, 





Mobile: 9738215025
1st ‘L’ Main Road, 1st Block,




E-mail: raghu8511@gmail.com
Nagarbhavi 2nd Stage, 

Bangalore 560072


RAGHU K
Objectives

I aspire to work in a challenging and rewarding position, which will provide me the best of opportunities to develop my skills in a way that will be beneficial to both the organization and me.

Experience Summary
Working in Altisource Business Solutions from July 2014 as Technical Services Engineer.

As Incident Manager from Mar 2016.

Managing critical incidents by chairing conference calls with participants including Service Managers, Technical Support teams, Clients and Third Parties to ensure restoration of services within Service level agreements.
Issuing communications during the progress of a major incident to both internal and external audiences including upper management and CIO level customer contacts.
Assessing the need for appropriate handover of responsibilities to maintain optimum performance of the recovery team over an extended duration.
Identifying appropriate timelines / targets / feedback / communications and evaluating recovery actions to ensure that a recovery plan exists or is being actively produced.
Continually reviewing engagement within the recovery and identify any additional support teams, individuals or third parties who could add value or those that can be stood down.
Participating in Post Incident Review following successful recovery.
Coordinate with Problem Management to ensure root cause is identified and propose preventive actions items or appropriate remedial actions are applied after successful restoration of the impacted services.
Ensure effective and documentation of incidents in SharePoint for organizational and executive review.
Drive strategic projects to ensure overall improvement in system.
As NOC Engineer from Jul 2014 to Mar 2016.

Monitoring servers for performance and capacity and addressing sub-optimal performance and capacity in a timely manner.

Providing usage graphs from Zabbix of affected servers for different stakeholder in case of a issue reported.
Monitoring Unix servers on Nagios and send periodic reports for support teams.
Creating custom dashboards for monitoring of servers on Zabbix and Nagios
Monitoring the traffic of network and internet usage.

Configuring servers to maintenance mode in monitoring systems and tools in maintenance activity period.

Report any issues with performance or capacity to IT for resolution within SLA defined. 

Collating data for various Health check reports and sending reports to the concerned team.
Coordinating with the support team in case of server related issues and making sure the server is back up and running.

Informing the various stakeholders on the status of the server in case of sev1 issues on timely basis.

Reviewing system performance and capacity on a periodic basis and sending reports to applicable personnel.

Document all reported incidents – identify trends to assist in future problem resolution.

Worked at Convergys for 1 year 4 months as Technical Support Officer.

Customer issue resolution for MSN and Messenger issues.

Create and Resolve Tickets according to SLA.

24/7 Work environment.

Innovate & Suggest methods to improve efficiency in problem solving.

Generate & Analyze Data of Incidents created & solved on regular basis.

An active team member participated in all types of Weekly and monthly meetings.

Worked at First Source for 6 months as Customer Support Representative

Customer issue resolution for Talk Talk process.

Create and Resolve Tickets according to SLA.

24/7 Work environment.

Innovate & Suggest methods to improve efficiency in problem solving.

Generate & Analyze Data of Incidents created & solved on regular basis.

An active team member participated in all types of Weekly and monthly meetings.

Professional Certifications / Trainings

ITIL V3 Foundation certified.

CCNA training completed.

Skills
Monitoring tools : Zabbix, WhatsUp Gold, Nagios 

Ticketing tool : Resolve IT, CA ServiceDesk

Other IT Skills : MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access, MS Outlook, MS Visio)

Achievements
Received Best Performance Award in the year 2015

Educational Qualification
	B.E
	Bachelor of Electronics & Communication from VTU

	12th (P U C)
	Vivekananda PU College

	10th
	Sheshadripuram High School


Personal Details
	Date of Birth
	07-11-1985

	Father’s Name
	C Krishnappa

	Nationality
	Indian

	Permanent Address
	# 8, 4th Cross, 1st ‘L’ Main Road, 1st Block, Nagarbhavi 2nd Stage, Bangalore 560072

	Telephone Number
	+91 9738215025

	E-Mail Id
	raghu8511@gmail.com


Declaration
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place
: Bangalore                          Raghu K
Mob: +91 9738215025
Page 1 of 3

E-Mail ID: raghu8511@gmail.com


