












































Ashish A. Kanchalwar
                                                                                          Mobile No: +919967038035
M-Pharm, B-Pharm, D-Pharm

        E mail address: ashishkanchalwar@gmail.com 

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
	Sr. No.
	Company
	Designation
	Working Experience in years
	Working Period

	1
	Polydrug Laboratories Pvt Ltd. Ambernath
	Manager-Operational Transformation
	0.6 months
	March-2018 to  date

	2
	Corvid Pharma Pvt Ltd Navi Mumbai
	Manager-QC (Additional charge for managing QA)
	6.11
	April-2011 to March-2018

	3
	Syngene International Bangalore
	Sr. Executive - QC 
	2.8
	Aug-2008 to Mar-2011

	4
	Reliance Life Sciences, Navi Mumbai
	Executive - QC
	2.3
	Apr-2006 to Jul-2008

	5
	Wockhardt  Biotech Park, Aurangabad
	Executive - QC
	2.5
	Oct-2003 to Mar-2006


In Details:
1. Polydrug Laboratories Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai
Web site: www.polydrug.com
Manager – Operational Transformation
Responsibilities:
1. Working with Senior Advisor, Deloitte in India on Operational transformation project to get API Manufacturing facility re-approved by USFDA. 
2. To maintain the Quality control department in line with the Regulatory and cGMP compliance state.

3. Responsible for supporting QA to manage Quality Management System which includes handling Incident, handling change control, Out of Specification, Out of trend etc.
4. Accountable for QC department transformation by reviewing following QC documents for Non compliance and bridging gap to achieve compliance. Documents include - SOP/IOP/EOP and RM/PM/FP/SS protocols.
2. Corvid Pharma Pvt. Ltd, Navi Mumbai
Website : www.corvidpharma.in
Manager – QC (Additional charge for QA)

Responsibilities:
1. Participate, implement and adhere to corporate guidelines, directives and local FDA requirements.

2. Heading QC Department, accountable for QC and related activities.
3. Preparation for audits, visits and to maintain the status audit ready.

4. Review and approve of documents such as Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), Specification and test procedures (STP), Equipment operating procedure (EOP) and Instrument Operating Procedure (IOP).
5. Accountable for Implementation of good manufacturing practices and Good Laboratory practices.
6. Routine calibration of Analytical Instruments and Set up of in-house protocol in the laboratory.
7. Validation of Analytical techniques.
8. Design or documentation as per client’s requirement.
9. Accountable for Business development as a functional lead.
3. Syngene International, Bangalore.
Website : www.syngeneintl.com
Sr. Executive: Quality Control
Responsibilities:
1. Part of Process Analytical team, As a Analytical Team Leader was involved in to support Analytical methods development and method validation for a client based product.
2. As a Process Analytical team lead, involved in Analytical method improvement to identify the process/product related impurities.
3. Accountable as a technical team lead for
a) iCE (imaged Capillary electrophoresis) , b) HPLC analysis, c) SDS PAGE d) ELISA (Enzyme Linked Immunosorbant assay), CZE (Capillary Zone Electrophoresis) and other analytical testing for biosimilar characterization and protein identification.
4. Technical team member of a team to prepare and submit timely developed proposals for all business queries from clients across the world. 
5. Handling of Beckman coulters Capillary electrophoresis (Proteome Lab PA800).
6. Handling of iCE (Imaged Capillary electrophoresis) of Convergent Biosciences.
Method transfer of Analytical methods for monoclonal antibody.
7. Planning and execution of stability studies of API and finished products.
8. Manage and lead a team of 4 people in activities like routine analysis, contract analytical services, purchase and lab inventory, documentation and report preparation etc.
4. A)  Reliance Life Sciences Mumbai 
Website : www.rellife.com
Executive : Quality Control
Responsibilities:
1. Member of team responsible to set up QC Laboratory for Biopharmaceuticals.
2. Quality control management of recombinant proteins.
3. Standardization and validation of HPLC methods for recombinant Proteins.
4. Responsible for calibration for instruments like Analytical balance, pH meter, Conductivity meter, HPLC, CZE (Capillary zone electrophoresis).
5. Accountable QA for all the above activities from a QMS perspective.


B ) At Reliance Genemedix, (Tullamore), IRELAND
         
      (Jun-Aug 2007)


Technical Representative of QC department for technology transfer project.


Accountable for technology transfer of following Analytical techniques;
1. ELISA technique for estimation of potency of Erythropoietin in drug substance.
2. Estimation Protein by BSA assay during In-process sample.
3. Size Exclusion chromatography for higher molecular weight impurity.
5
Wockhardt Biotech Park:

Website: www.wockhardt.com
Executive: Quality Control
Responsibilities:
1. Responsible for Quality Control of Recombinant proteins (Erythropoietin).
2. Preparation of SOP’s/STP’s, and team member for implementation of current Good 

Laboratory 
Practices.
3. Statistical Analysis of Data, Trend analysis and preparation of control charts.
4. Planning and implementation of Validation protocol.
5. Qualification of analytical instruments.
6. Prepare Stability Protocol for stability studies of API and Finished Dosage Form of 

Erythropoietin.
7. Plan and execute stability studies of API and finished dosage forms.
8. Active member of team involved in process standardization and quality
          
Control set-up of a large-scale production facility for recombinant proteins.
Directly Accountable for:
Documentation
1. Preparation, updation and review of Specification, Test procedures, Method transfer protocol and Analytical protocol.
2. Involved in QMS activity which includes Deviation, Incident, Change Control, Out of Specification, Out of trend.
Validation
3. Construction of validation protocols and planning of validation of Analytical techniques.      Validation and qualification of Instruments/equipments.
4. Involved in process optimization and process qualification (Validation) at Laboratory and Pilot scale


 Stability study
1. Preparation and Execution and implementation of stability protocol for API and 

Finished Drug Product.
Technical and Instrumentation Skill Set:
Technique:
· Capillary electrophoresis – CZE
· iCE (Imaged capillary electrophoresis) for isoform detection.
· Protein– Electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE, Western Blot
· RP- HPLC & Peptide mapping
· ELISA
· Cell Culture assay by Tryphan Blue dye-exclusion assay, MTT and SRB assays.
· Cultivation and maintenance of Bacteria, Fungi, CHO cell lines and Yeast.
· Anticancer and antiviral screening of drug (Virus titration, Plague forming assay,
· Cytopathic effect (CPE) inhibition assay and Virus yield assay).
· Animal Tissue culture techniques (Cell passaging, maintenance and long-term storage.
Instruments:
· Electrophoresis modules – Bio-Rad
· IEF modules – Bio-Rad
· Micro plate Reader – Thermo, Biotek.
· RRLC – Agilent 1100, 1200
· iCE 280 analyzer from Convergent Biosciences
· 32 Karat software for Beckman Proteome Lab PA 800
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
· 2009-2010 : 
Industry program in Pharmaceutical Regulatory Affairs 
 

Bioinformatics, Institute of India, Noida. 
  

 (www.bii.in)   Passed with : 67 %
· 2001 – 2003:
 

M-Pharm- Pharmaceutical Biotechnology
J.S.S College of Pharmacy Rockland, Ooty.
Dr. M.G.R Medical University, Chennai (T.N)
(www.jssuni.edu.in)  Passed with 71.0 %
· 1996 – 2000 : 
B-Pharm
Institute Of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (IPER) Wardha
Nagpur University
(www.iperwardha.com) Passed with : 62.0 %
· 1994 – 1996 : D-Pharm
P.W.D-College of Pharmacy, Yavatmal
DTE, Maharashtra 
(www.pwcpharmacy.edu.in) Passed with : 62.0 %
REFERENCES:
1) Mr. Nitin Bidikar



2)   Dr. H Nellaiah

       Sr. Advisor Deloitte in India

     
       Head, R&D
       Mobile no: +919820209199

     
       Bangalore biotech lab




     
       Mobile no: +919902014584
703/7 Celebration-KH4, Sector-17 Kharghar Navi Mumbai, 410210
Confidential V-3 , 12 Oct 2018

