









































Microsoft Word - umang cv


 
: +91-8979507877; 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

   Keep enhancing and applying all the kn
involving an overall development of my personality

   To contribute towards the achievement
   Every professional activity should lead to
   To be resourceful and innovative to th

 

PROFILE & STRENGTHS 

 Competent and result oriented professional offering of experience in conducting audit with proven ability to 
formulating Audit Plans, Schedules and preparation of Audit Reports after inspection of books of accounts.

 Competent and result oriented professi
formulating Audit Plans, Schedules and preparation of Audit Reports after inspection of books of accounts.

 Finalization of Annual Accounts with the Applicable Auditing Standards, 
individual returns; technically proficient with 
Packages and Internet Applications. 

 Well versed with MS Excel & data validation etc.

 Well versed with Maintenance of Accounts in Tally ERP 9.6.3

 Filing Of GST Returns (R-1,3B,R-2). 

 

 GST 

PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOTS 
 

 

S. No Course Period
1. CA-IPCC 1ST GRP NOV 2012
2. CA-IPCC 2ND GRP MAY 2015

 
 

 Successfully completed General Management & Communication Skills 1
 Successfully completed Orientation Programme 
 Sound Knowledge of GST Compliance Laws and
 Attend Seminars and Workshops for GST Organised by

 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 

 Cleared M.Com from Chaudhary Charan Singh,
 Cleared B.Com from Chaudhary Charan Singh, University in the year
 Passed 10+2, from Tagore Public Inter College, Hapur 

marks in Accounts (88/100) and Maths
 Passed 10th, from Deewan Inter College, Hapur 
 Passed Common Proficiency Test 

 
Joined VINAY NAVEEN & CO. (Chartered Accountants Firm) 

phase, I served on various assignments including major clients for Internal Audit, Financial audit, Tax Audit Bank 
Audits, statutory Audit, Stock Audit and completed in April 2016.

Joined K Gupta & Co. (Chartered Accountants Firm) Dec.2016 as a paid assistant and worked there as 
Accounts and Tax Executive up to August 2017.

       Joined S.S. Appliances Pvt. Ltd.  In August 2017 and currently working here as an Account Executive
    Dealing in the work of Account maintenance in Tally Indirect Taxation (GST & UP. VAT)

UUMMAANNGG AAGGAARRWWAALL 

8979507877; : usa19295@gmail.com 

e knowledge and skills for the growth and development o
development of my personality 

ent of organizational objectives. 
d to value addition. 
he organization. 

Competent and result oriented professional offering of experience in conducting audit with proven ability to 
formulating Audit Plans, Schedules and preparation of Audit Reports after inspection of books of accounts.

Competent and result oriented professional offering of experience in conducting audit with proven ability to 
formulating Audit Plans, Schedules and preparation of Audit Reports after inspection of books of accounts.

Finalization of Annual Accounts with the Applicable Auditing Standards, Tax Audit, Tax Compliances, filing 
; technically proficient with Itax (Genius tax calculator software) MS Excel, Word, Accounting 

 

Well versed with MS Excel & data validation etc.  

versed with Maintenance of Accounts in Tally ERP 9.6.3 

CCOORREE CCOOMMPPEETTEENNCCIIEESS 
GST  Taxation  Microsoft office TDS  Tally  

Period Percentage 
NOV 2012 50% 
MAY 2015 51% 

General Management & Communication Skills 1st (GMCS- I) Course conducted 
Orientation Programme course conducted by CIRC of ICAI. 

GST Compliance Laws and Returns. 
Attend Seminars and Workshops for GST Organised by ICAI. 

.Com from Chaudhary Charan Singh, University in the year 2016. 
Cleared B.Com from Chaudhary Charan Singh, University in the year 2014. 

Tagore Public Inter College, Hapur (UP Board) in the year 2011 secured maximum 
marks in Accounts (88/100) and Maths (86/100). 

Deewan Inter College, Hapur (UP Board) in the year 2009. 
Common Proficiency Test conducted by ICAI with 141 marks out of 200 marks. 

(Chartered Accountants Firm) in April 2013 as an article trainee, during this 
phase, I served on various assignments including major clients for Internal Audit, Financial audit, Tax Audit Bank 

s, statutory Audit, Stock Audit and completed in April 2016. 
(Chartered Accountants Firm) Dec.2016 as a paid assistant and worked there as 

Accounts and Tax Executive up to August 2017. 
In August 2017 and currently working here as an Account Executive

of Account maintenance in Tally Indirect Taxation (GST & UP. VAT) 

of the organization 

Competent and result oriented professional offering of experience in conducting audit with proven ability to 
formulating Audit Plans, Schedules and preparation of Audit Reports after inspection of books of accounts. 

onal offering of experience in conducting audit with proven ability to 
formulating Audit Plans, Schedules and preparation of Audit Reports after inspection of books of accounts. 

Audit, Tax Compliances, filing 
MS Excel, Word, Accounting 

 

Course conducted by ICAI. 

(UP Board) in the year 2011 secured maximum 

 

as an article trainee, during this 
phase, I served on various assignments including major clients for Internal Audit, Financial audit, Tax Audit Bank 

(Chartered Accountants Firm) Dec.2016 as a paid assistant and worked there as 

In August 2017 and currently working here as an Account Executive 



 
Activities Performed: 
 Performed Account Payable and Receivables confirmation, finalization of Balance Sheet, Bank reconciliation, 

Analysis of P&L, Balance Sheet. 
 E-Filing of Income Tax Returns & Preparation of Income Tax Computation. 
 Preparation & Filling of online Income Tax Returns, TDS Returns 
 Preparation of Internal Audit Report of H.R.A working and vouching which covers direct tax & Indirect tax. 

 Maintenance of records in Tally ERP. 
 Manage payroll and prepare payroll tax returns. 
 Auditing and generating reports with SAP. 
 Reconciliation of Excise Returns data with that of Tally Data. 
 Preparation of Projected statements. 
 Filing and preparation of Tax audit reports, Bank audit reports and stock audit reports. 
 Filing of Returns In GST 
 Maintaining Accounts with GST Compliance. 

    
 Internal Audit  

Anand milk union limited (AMUL). 
L R Infrahomes ltd, (Blue Moon Project) 

 
 Tax Audit  

 Some of the Pvt. Ltd, companies, firms, and proprietorships 
 
 

COMPUTER LITERACY 

 Working Experience of Windows, M.S. Office and internet operations. 
 Working Experience of accounting packages viz. Tally and Tally ERP Busy win SAP. 
 Qualified and successfully completed the compulsory 100 hours Computer Training Course conducted by ICAI. 
 Qualified the three year training program Conducted By EVERONN Computers. With Rank 1st in District. 

 
ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS 

 

 Rank 1st In Computer program at District level by EVERONN Computers. 
 Completed Diploma in Tally. 

 

STRENGTHS 

 Leadership traits & Managerial skills. 
 Good verbal and written communication skills. 
 Good Listener and having Positive attitude towards every Assignment undertaken. 
 Willingness to learn team facilitator hard worker. 

 
PERSONAL DOSSIER 
Name: Umang Agarwal 
Father’s Name: Mr. Mohan Lal Agarwal 
Marital Status: Single 
Religion Hindu 
Date of Birth: 19.02.1995 
Nationality: Indian 
Present Address: 1933, Prempura, Hapur Pin Code-245101 
Extra Tidings: Travelling, Exploring new things, Reading Books, interaction with People & Cooking. 

 

UMANG AGARWAL 


