
















































RESUME


 				  			Mobile : 9553599184
Bhargav Asani ,		 Email : bhargavasani10@gmail.com
Flat no: 204
Tukaram apartments,
Sector 10 Airoli,
Navi Mumbai.	


CAREER OBJECTIVE :

To further my professional career with an executive accounts payable position in a world class company  where 

Work Experience : Currently associated with Clariant India limited as Accounts
Executive  from Dec -2016 to till date.

Organization Profile : Clariant India limited is a global business shared service center for
Clariant international which headquarters is located at Switzerland and operated over
the globe in 90 countries which is into manufacturing and Production industry.

Roles and Responsibilities :  Started Career  as Accounts Executive  and was in to Accounts
payable department and handling the entire Source to pay process from end to end.
Right from receiving the invoices from scanning team and verifying the invoices in the
system using a OCR software and Processing the invoices in the SAP tool by using
various Transactional codes like MIRO,FB60,FB65,FB03,FBV0,ME23N and all basic
Transactional codes in SAP. 

Day to day activities  on  role :  
· Extracting the dump of all invoices from the system into excel and allocating the invoices to the team according  to the country wise .
· Running Productivity report  at Eod an d updating the status to the line manger  and following strict  SLA’s to smoothen the process.
· Running  weekly SLA  reports  and updating to the process owner.
Client co-ordination :
· Handling global ticketing tool portal for vendor queries and assisting the vendor
on daily basis and replying them on mails for smoothening the process.
· Taking monthly calls and assisting with the stakeholders.
· Supporting fully EMEA region vendors for timely processing and payments.
· Attending vendors calls on Global telephony system for quick actions in the
process and urgent payments etc.

Projects:     Global business services OCR Refinement project .

Brief explanation of the project : GBS OCR project is a global level project of the
organization mainly for two shared service centers which are located India and Poland.

Theme of the Project: Main theme of the project is to auto-recognize all the invoices
without the human intervention and which can directly transferred to the ERP system
so that human intervention is eliminated and help in reduction of manpower with the
help of Optical character  recognition (OCR).

My Role in project:

· Associating with all the vendors in the Europe region and explaining them about
the auto-recognition of invoices so that invoices are booked on timely and
timely payment made to the vendors.
· Defining the invoices for the first time with all the relevant information on the
invoice so that when the same invoice comes to the scanning and the system
recognize automatically and auto transferred  the ERP system.
· Optimization of invoices in optimizer so that invoices can be auto transferred in to the system.
· Processing invoices according to the priority queue so that all urgent and due invoices are booked on time and released for payment.

Project Lean: Project lean is a global project implemented in both the shared service centers of India and Poland.

Theme of the project :  Lean is projected were the main ideas and thoughts are implemented over the process Perspective and smoothen the Process and reduce the process flow by applying various methodologies and practicing global best practices all the time. 

My role in project : Participating in all lean events organized by Lean event leader and applying thoughts and helping presentations.

Lean Event : Vendor Education. Educating all the vendors over the globe for usage global E-mail id’s where they can submit the invoices electronically called as E-invoicing.

Achievements in project: Achieved 60 % success rate in the project and received global
level appreciation and rewarded.    

Extra curricular activates :
·  member is CSR committee and attending various programs organized by the
organization.
· Participated in Clariant Annual Event.
· member in people committee .

ACADEMIC PROFILE:

	Qualification
	Board/University
	Year

	B.COM(Computers)
	Avinash​​ Degree​​College Hyderabad,
	2016

	Intermediate
	Masterminds ​​Jr.College,
	2012

	S.S.C
	Indur ​​​Model​​ High​​School, Bodhan, Nizambad(Dist.)
	2010



Technical Skills
· Sap ERP (FI&MM modules).
· Tally ERP.
· Ms office.

Achievements
· Certified in National wide Olympiad Talent Test.
· Participated in District Level Marching.
· 
Interpersonal Skills
· Ability to rapidly build relationship and setup trust.
· Confident and determined.
· Ability to cope up with different situations.
Strengths
· Good Communication skills
· Self Motivated.
· Flexibility and adaptability.
· Loyalty.
·  Leadership.

Personal Profile
Father’s Name: 		Mr. Mohan Asani
Birth Date:		 	18th July, 1995
Gender:			Male
Marital Status :		Single
Nationality:			 Indian
Permanent address:		Door No.8-84/3,Opp.ZPHS,Renjal(Village)
Dist:Nizamabad(Telangana)
Languages known : 		English, Hindi and Telugu.


DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information given above is correct to the best of my knowledge
and belief , if given a chance I can prove myself.









Place: Mumbai
Date: 									( Bhargav  Asani )
