












































Pavan Kumar

CURRICULUM VITAE

                                                                                                                                         BHANU PRAKASH
                                                                                                                  Mobile: +919492502510                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                        E-mail: bhanuprakash445@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                         

Objective:
To be associated with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity for a challenging and rewarding career by applying my knowledge, skill and potential in this profession. I would also like to make positive contribution towards your organization with promoting team spirit and own professional growth.
Professional Experience :
      Company Name:  British Telecom Global Services

       Job Role : - Network Planner
      Designation: Network Record Associate
      Date of joining: April 2016-till date.
	Job Responsibilities:


·  Monitoring of UK Mobility sites and networks.

·  Configuration, Planning, and Troubleshooting of UK Network sites through CSS.

·  Providing technical support to field engineers & customers.
·  Analyse business requirements to develop technical network solutions and their framework.

·  Preparing configuration of Duct, Copper, DSLAM pre and post migration steps with contingency plan.
·  Designing & maintaining records of Fibre FTTX / Copper Networks/BDUK DSLAM/NGA/NEJ/DUCT.
·  Performing network Design/ implementation task under the supervision of Network Designers of BT (UK).
·  Hands-on experience on tools like Piper, OR side, NGA, CSS, KRONOS.
·  Manage Transmission Network using tools like Piper, WFMT.
·  To Record all closed estimates / certified diagrams to the agreed quality standard.
	  Achievements:


· Received the “Customer Experience Champion” Award for the last quarter of financial year 2016 in British Telecom.
· Received the “ R&R “Award for the month (jan'2017 to march'2017) in British Telecom.
Networking Tools:
· BT has a proprietary tool named PIPER in which we need to plan and record whole network of UK.
· Piper Tool, CSS Web Application.
· For checking the connectivity of fiber pair, we use a tool named ORSITE.
	 Technical Skills:


· CCNA(R&S) training course from NETWORK BULLS, GURGAON.
· Good knowledge on Networking concepts OSI/TCP/IP Model.
· Good understanding of Switch Protocols VLAN, VTP, STP, RSTP & Switching concepts.

· Basic concepts of DHCP, DNS.
· Configuration of Routing Protocols such as RIP, EIGRP, IGRP, OSPF.

Academic Qualification:
· Bachelor of Technology from Vivekananda institute of science & information technology with an aggregate of 64.90%.                                                               [2013]
· Board of Intermediate Bhavitha junior college with an aggregate of 64%.       [2009]              
· Board of Secondary Education from Gnanabharathi High School with an aggregate of 71%.                                                                                                                               [2007]
Personal Details:
Date of Birth


:
8th May 1991.
Language known

:           English, Hindi and Telugu.
Hobbies                                      :             Listing music, Cooking &Collecting Coins.
Marital Status

              :           Unmarried.
Gender


:           Male.
Present Address

:
Janampeta(vii), Addakal(man),





Mahabubnagar(dist), Telangana-509382.
Nationality


:
Indian
DATE:                                                                               

                                                                                                               (BHANU PRAKASH M.K)

PLACE:

             





                                                                                  
