









































Curriculum Vitae


	
	Name 

Umashankar S. Sharma
Grade

E3
Birth Date
7th October 1982
Work Location

Mumbai
Qualification
B. Com (2004-05)
e-mail ID

sharma.umashankar@gmail.com
Residential Address 
Dombivli (East), Thane, Maharashtra



Experience Summary
	From
	To
	Company Name
	Designation
	Role

	Oct, 2007
	Till Date
	Syntel Pvt Ltd. 
	Team  Leader
	TL, Production team


My job responsibilities includes : Team Lead (Production team) Jan 2018 till date

1. Migrated whole existing business from JV to non-JV business which consist of 30 member team.
2. Performed initial testing and final set ups with coordination of support teams (State street, FIS & Syntel team)
3. Handling team with minimum attrition by engaging them thru Internal & External training, fun activity and internal job transfer.
4. Migrated recon tool from Transaction life cycle (TLM) to Intellimatch without hampering daily production.
5. Client relationship to the extent of customer delight resulted into several new project in line.
6. Always created backup plan by placing process note and creating backups for each activities.
  My job responsibilities includes : Team Lead Role (Production team) Dec 2015 till date
7. Managing a 15 member’s team.  
8. Reporting to internal management, business units and well as end Client.
9. Working on several project initiated on automation and Risk mitigation and efficiency gain.

10. Motivate team members to strive for highest quality and performance.
11. Escalating important issue and concern to Business unit and discus these on weekly call with BU.
12. Following all corporate do’s and timely awareness created among team members about do’s and don’ts. 
My job responsibilities includes: Quality control team (Feb 2013 to Nov 2015)
1. Interacting with client on various issues and co ordinations with different teams like client relation team
            corporate action, income team & trade team etc. and with different custodian banks.

2. Communicating to Investment manager on various issues and timely delivery of all the reports.
3. Doing tax lot reconciliations between accounts.
4. Tracking all the activities start from account opening, book posting to till account closing in IM’s book. 
5. Responsible to check correctness of statements before releasing at our end. And ensure to complete all the activities
Before 8th  Business day.
My job responsibilities includes: In production team (May 2009 to Jan 2013)
1. Performing portfolio accounting in excel, manual and swift with the help of TLM. 

2. Perform daily Cash (nastro) and Position (safekeeping) reconciliation.

3. Tie out on Monthly basis (tie balances of bank and investor manager).

4. Identifying Income and principal discrepancies by performing two cash on weekly basis.

5. Resolving exception related to STIF, Trade, Forex & various other types of transactions.
6. Identification & research for discrepancies related to sweep & cash Balance and resolve them.
7. Making Different reports on daily, weekly and monthly basis. MIS preparations for upper level management to see 
meeting with TAT.
8. Part of Evare team to implement on various custodians.
9. Looking new corporate action and booked in our books likes CAJV, FRAC or instruct CA team for mirroring the same.
10. Interacting with client on various issues and co ordinations with different teams like client relation team
            corporate action, income team etc. and with different custodian banks.
11. Handling Positions segment single handed, and responsible for training for new and existing members of team.
12. Handling TLM (Transaction life cycle) team, moving all funds into automated version (TLM 2.7) including adding,
             deletion and modification of portfolios.
13.  Awarded with outstanding performer for Quarter III 2012 and Syntel Value awards “Speed” Quarter III 20014
       14. To resolve breaks related to mortgage back securities, CMO, CDO and ABS etc.

Domestic  Life Insurance ( Oct 2007 to April 2009)
These are my Job responsibilities:
Looking after affaires of domestic client in insurance sector (life insurance).

1. Get scanned document along with application form scrutiny whole form to take consideration all the Criteria mandatory by IRDA.

2. Generating contract along with receipt and stored all customer’s data’s in lifeasia.

3. Get updates from clients and taking into consideration.

4. Doing Client & Contract Creation & Quality Checking.

5. Co-ordination with Team, Completing targets on time.

6. Pulling MIS report of Team performance comparing individual performance. 
Education

	Graduation/Post Graduation
	Specialization
	Month/Year Of Passing
	College Name
	University Name
	Final %age / Grade Obtained

	B.Com
	Commerce
	2005
	Pragati College, Dombivli
	Mumbai
	46%


Project Experience 
<EVARE Implementations > 

       




                                               <2011>–<2013>
	Project Name
	Customer/ Client Name
	Team Size
	Designation
	Role
	Technologies/  Skills Used

	Evare
	WMS-CG
	6
	Senior Associate
	Coordinator
	TLM (Transaction Lifecycle Management)

	Responsibilities: Making transition from Swift feeds to EVARE file, without hampering daily activities and without any extra resource.



<DRS> 

       




                                                <2013> – <2014>
	Project Name
	Customer/ Client Name
	Team Size
	Designation
	Role
	Technologies/  Skills Used

	DRS
	WMS-CG
	3
	Senior Associate
	Coordinator
	TLM (Transaction Lifecycle Management) 

	Responsibilities: Converting banks web data to readable formats which TLM under 



	Project Name
	Customer/ Client Name
	Team Size
	Designation
	Role
	Technologies/  Skills Used

	Intellimatch 
	WMS-CG
	30
	Team Leader
	Coordinator
	TLM (Transaction Lifecycle Management) 

	Responsibilities: Migrated recon tool from TLM to Intellimatch.



Previous Employments
	From
	To
	Company Name
	Designation
	Role

	May,2006
	Oct, 2007
	ICICI Bank (I-Process Services (India) Pvt.Ltd) 
	Team Member
	Risk Analyst - 


I-Process Services (India) Pvt. Limited is a BPO arm of ICICI Bank and has a Service Collaboration Agreement with ICICI Bank. I-Process is handling the entire Backend Operations of Retail Assets of ICICI Bank. I-Process deal in various products to say, Auto Loans, Two Wheeler Loans, Commercial Vehicles Loans, Farm Equipment Loans, Credit Cards, Personal Loans, etc.  
My Job responsibilities include the following: 
1. Dealing into variety of products categorized under the group “Liabilities”. 

2. Monitoring entire transactions including Point of Sale (POS) transactions, ATM transactions, Net transfers. 

3. Preparing MIS on a regular basis based on the data received from ICICI Bank taking into consideration various parameters. 

4. Tracking the suspicious transactions in the report observed while preparation of MIS. These suspicious transactions are based on variety of factors. to say, profile of customers, previous track records, etc. 

5. Reporting suspicious transactions, delinquencies in reports (if any) to the higher management. 

6. Amendment/setting up of new parameters depending upon seasonal requirements. 

7. Constant interactions with the product related teams for any updations in product policy. 

8. Telecalling Domestic and International Customers for confirmation of transactions. 

9. Responsible for training internal staff on related issues. 

10. Reporting suspicious cases to field for verifications of apprehensive account related transactions & the account holder. 

11. Forwarding reminders to Agencies / Regional mangers / Area mangers for high priority issues in cases where no revert is received within stipulated period of time. 

12. Database management and macros in excel. 

	From
	To
	Company Name
	Designation
	Role

	April, 2005
	April 2005
	Neon Antibiotics Pvt Ltd                                                                      
	Audit cum Account Assistant 
	Account & Finance  


My job responsibilities included the following: 
1. Maintaining track of daily receipts and payments. 

2. Preparing and maintaining Petty cash vouchers & Registers. 

3. Preparing Journal Vouchers as per the requirement. 

4. Debtor's ledger scrutiny. 

5. Creditor’s ledger scrutiny. 

6. Reconciliation of accounts on a weekly basis. 

7. Booking purchase bills thereby authenticating the proper heads, vat transactions & amounts. 

8. Preparing monthly returns thereby compiling with the statutory requirements (comprising of contractor bills, commission, rent and professional fees). 

9. Preparing monthly returns of Service Tax (GTA). 
Trainings Undergone
	Training/Module Name
	Trainer/Issuing Authority
	Date Acquired

	Business Writing, Derivetives II, Advance Excel & The Lasting Impression etc
	Syntel Tranning Team
	2015-2016


Personal Details

	Gender: Male
	

	Date of Birth: 07th October 1982
Marital status : Married   
	

	Nationality: India
	

	Passport No: N/A
	

	Mailing Address: E-103 Lodha Vastuvihar, Near Shani Mandir, Manpada Road Dombivli East. Thane 421204
Mobile no : 8652093756
	

	Personal e-mail ID: sharma.umashankar@gmail.com
	


Other Comments

I hereby declare that the information that I have furnished is authentic, and true to the best of my knowledge.

Name: Umashankar Sharma

Date: 

