
















































Komal Pawar
Mobile Number: 8373973381
Email-id: komalpawar438@gmail.com

Objective
Seeking a position to utilize my skills, abilities and experience of Finance and Customer care sector in an organization, which offers professional growth while being resourceful and innovative.
Professional Experience
Axis Bank: February 2016 – till date
Currently working with Axis Bank loan center as Customer Service Executive on payroll of Axis Securities.
Key Functional Areas:
· Serves as a basic point of contact for customers with complaints, queries, request, feedbacks etc., therefore providing customer support and handles the queries of clients.
· Performing daily backend activities like computation of payment schedules and maintaining MIS.
· Feeding and maintaining all customer’s query related data in centralized data systems.
· Oversee the processing of centralized loans and other banking activities to ensure due processes with accuracy and accountability are followed.
· Mentoring new team members about the existing work flow and processes.

Karvy Financial Services: April 2014 – November 2015
Worked as Customer Relationship Executive in Mortgage department.
Key Functional Areas:
· Work on property loan and gold loan cases of applicants, which includes checking eligibility of applicants, processing documents.
· Preparing MIS and carry out other backend operations.

ICICI Bank: June 2013 – March 2014
Worked as Customer Relationship Executive in Mortgage department.
Key Functional Areas:
· Work on personal loan cases of applicants, which includes checking eligibility of applicants, processing documents.
· Preparing MIS of applicants and logging in data of applicants in APS.
· Coordinating with sales team for solving out their queries.


Computer Ability
· Well versed in Windows.
· MS excel and office.
· APS-I VIEW, Libra office and Finacle 9.

Academics
	10th
	CBSE (2007)

	12th
	CBSE (2009)

	B.Sc (Fashion Designing)
	Annammalai University (2012)

	MBA (Marketing, Distance course)
	Amity University (2016)



Personal Information
	Gender
	Female

	Marital Status
	Married

	Husband’s Name
	Sushobhit

	Date of Birth
	09/09/1990

	Languages Known
	English and Hindi

	Address
	590 Rosewood Apartments, Sector-13, Dwarka, Delhi



