


















































					Resume																													Pooja Dhruvesh Patel
37, Shroff Complex,
Above Old Blood Bank,
									S V Patel Road,
									Bilimora, 396321
Mobile : 8347703404

TO,
………………………………………….

………………………………………….

Subject : Application for post

Respected sir,
             With due respect, I Would like to draw your Kind attention that I have came to know from by the reliable sources that a post is lying vacant in your 
Organization for the above mentioned post.
             I Would like to submit my sincere candidature for the said post. I am enclosing my detailed resume for your kind consideration.
             If your consideration is favourable, I assure you to do justice, equity and
Sincerity to the related job and try to ultimate satisfaction at my level best. And
Also assure to prove my best abilities and hidden skills.

        








Thanking you,
									             Yours Truly,
							     		              Pooja D Patel
       Pooja Dhruvesh Patel
                  37, Shroff Complex, Above Old Blood Bank, S V Patel Road, Bilimora.
					Mobile : 8347703404

Career objective: 
                  To obtain position of responsibility offering a challenge in which I can utilize my diverse knowledge of the field.

Personal details:
	Date Of Birth	:	:	16th May, 1989
	Marital status	:	:	Married
	Nationality		:	Indian
	Language known	:	English, Hindi, Gujarati

Qualifications:	

Academic			 :	S.S.C. Completed in 2005 with 68.86 %
				 : 	H.S.C. Completed in 2007 with 52.40%
				 : 	B.C.A Completed in 2011 with 61.38%.
				 
Experience:

Office assistant
Universal Data entry 
May,2010 – December, 2010

Responsibilities:
· Responsible for Data Entry work(Typing).

Back Office assistant 
Arihant Builders 
January, 2011 –  December, 2014

Responsibilities:
· Deal with queries via phone, emails, and general correspondence.
Recruiting pre-screening, interviewing and hiring new staffs, including scheduling and managing recruitment e-mail campaning.
· Create and maintain job descriptions for all position.
· Orientation and training new staffs.
· Design and implement office policies, Standard and procedures, Making adjustment as needed.
· Organize office operations and procedure, and reviewing supply requisitions.

Executive Market Research
Collabera Technologies
March, 2015 – November, 2016

Responsibilities:
· Researching on business feasibility in new areas
Researching legal and administrative requirements for delivery
Preparing research documents, analysis reports & prepare presentations
· Analyzing latest market trends and tracking competitors
· Publishing industry happenings.
· A part from these I am also good at sourcing (resume screening) candidate where challenge found to fill the requirement for clients & our corporate location.
· Supporting  inside sales

Declaration: 
	I am a high achieved well knowledge young professional who keen to join a forward-looking, dynamic organization that would be able to exploit my talent and ambition to achieve new heights.








Date  :							        		Your sincerely,
Place :						     	       		 Pooja Dhruvesh Patel

