














































VIGHNESH B 
Mobile: (91) 9611183634 | Email: reachviggy@gmail.com| LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vighneshbaskaran/ 

Flat No. 9062, Sobha Aspire, Opposite to Nagasandra Metro, Bangalore-560073 
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.” 

                                                                                                                                                                                                    – Dr Seuss 

 
HR Generalist and People Operations Specialist 

4 Years of progressive experience in the field of Human Resource Management as a Generalist as well as a Specialist with 
more emphasis on Organization Development, Talent Management, Process & Policy Development and Learning & 
Development. Equally comfortable with established businesses or entrepreneurial ventures across local and global 

landscapes. 
 Communicator with a diverse range of professional and personal experiences in multilevel organization adapting myself 

to the audience and situation. 
 Strategic thinker with the ability to adapt to company-customer needs, streamline operations and outcomes, and 

formulate tactical plans for the long term.  
 Collaborator with a passion for engaging and working together across the business and with many individuals from all 

backgrounds and positions within and outside the organization.  
 Employee Champion with the ability to develop other’s talents to maximize the human potential and assess & balance 

competing values. 
 

Areas of Expertise 
Talent Management Workforce Planning Employee Engagement 

Organization Development Employee Relations HR Process Improvement 
Talent Development Corporate Communication 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
Anheuser-Busch InBev                                                                                                                     Jun 2017 - Present 
PEOPLE OPERATIONS SPECIALIST – ZONAL CAPABILITY CENTER  
A comprehensive people operations role, spanning all mediums; covering all the corporate and business units across Australia 
and New Zealand.  
 
 Providing support for all operational HR processes across the employee lifecycle (“hire to retire”) process. 
 Handling all SAP HR transactions & data management, ensuring high level of data accuracy. 
 Providing day to day first level process, policy and system advice for People team and other stake holders throughout the 

business. 
 Providing regular and ad-hoc HR reports. 
 Providing specialist skills in Reporting & Data Accuracy, Contracts & Global Mobility, and People Excellence Program. 
 Acting as a single point of contact for critical HR processes. 

 
Lucas TVS                                                                                                                                                                    Jul 2014 – Jan 2017 
OFFICER – HUMAN RESOURCES  
Joined the company as a management trainee and advanced to an Officer HR, whilst learning the primary techniques of Human 
Resource Management to build the company as a best place to work for. 
 
 Designed, Executed and measured the effectiveness of company-wide training programs. I was in charge of Non-Technical, 

behavioural and Company culture training Programs. 
 Designed, Executed and Analysed company-wide Competency and Skill Assessment process for Team Leaders and 

Supervisory category of employees to understand the training requirements.  
 Involved in target setting and cascading process. I was in charge of communicating the do's and don'ts' of Target Cascading 

process. 
 

Surveys. 
 Partnered closely with Human Resources team to ensure the alignment of overarching messages and workforce 

engagement strategies and tactics. 
 

 

Development and Talent Assessment. 
 Partnered with Senior Management to design and execute business-specific HR strategies. 
 Provided guidance to managers and employees at different levels on continuous implementation of HR Policies at all levels 

and ensured 100% adherence to promote ethical workplace. 
 Provided coaching and mentored Interns and Generalists.  

     Change Management

Worked  with  internal  HR Partners  to  design,  develop,  deploy  and  evaluate  efficient  and  effective  Employee  Engagement 

Acted as change communicator of cultural and process oriented changes to Blue Collar employees.
Guided  Managers  and  employees  on  areas  like  HR  Process,  Employee  Relations,  Performance  Management,  Talent 

mailto:reachviggy@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vighneshbaskaran/


 Worked independently on multiple projects and tasks on Performance Appraisals, Talent Management, and process 
improvements with shorter deadlines. 

 

 

 

 
 

EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS 
 

Master of Business Administration, Human Resource Management 
Alliance University, School of Business 
Private University, UGC 2010 
Bangalore, Karnataka 

Graduated, June 2014  

 
Bachelor of Engineering / Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science 

Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, School of Engineering 
Deemed, UGC 2010 
Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu 

Graduated, December 2011  

 
High School 

SBOA Matriculation and Higher Secondary School 
Tamil Nadu State Board 
Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu 

Graduated, April 2007  

 
 

LANGUAGES KNOWN 
 

 

 ● Tamil, Native language 
● English, Fluent (speaking, reading, writing) 
● Hindi, Intermediate (writing, reading) 

 
 
 
 
 
*References - available on request 

Handled organization restructure, while leading a project of removal of role duplications across middle and senior management.
Handled the process of benchmarking and updating HR Processes and Policies across organization.

Worked on analysis of various people dashboards to provide the senior management, the insights about people metrics.


