












































ALDRIN D'ABREO                                    

ALDRIN D'ABREO                                    
 
Phone - 9748672486, 9903817309
Email-  aldrin.dabreo@gmail.com 
Objective: To achieve my full potential through hard work & competence.

 
 Experience Summary: 
Currently Designated as HR Manager with Black Keyboard Softwares Pvt Ltd.
WEBSPIDERS INDIA PVT LTD 
Designation: HR Executive
Duration: July 2010 to March 2012
 Profile: To strategize, develop & manage Recruitment, HR systems & General           Administration processes.
· Hiring & Recruitment (including Campus Hiring) :

-   Hiring need identification

-   Job profiling and specifications; job posting.

-   CV sourcing and screening

-   Conducting Interview and coordinating Selection process

-   Negotiation of Salary and DOJ. 
-   Managing Employee Background Checks, Employee Assistance

-   Fitment generation and Offer Acceptance Confirmation

· Employee Management :
-   Taking Induction for the New Joinees in the Organization; issuing joining documents.

-   Solving Employee Grievances.

-   Taking care of Employee Engagement Activities

-   Retention strategy for Critical Employees

-   Coordinating with various vertical heads within the organization for training and developmental      

     needs and preparing the Training Calendar.
-   Confirmation & Performance Appraisal of Employees

-   Handle terminations and Full and Final settlement cases.
-   Facilitating the Performance Management System (PMS)

-   Maintenance of Leave Management System (LMS)

· General Administration :

         Payroll Management and benefits planning.
   VISA processing of employees and making the necessary ONSITE travel arrangements.

  Vendor Management

  Preparation of Various MIS Reports on a weekly and Monthly basis

PECON SOFTWARE LTD 
Designation: HR Executive

Duration: November 2009 – July 2010 

Profile: Handling Recruitment for both group companies Pecon Infotech and Pecon Software.

Handled and Co coordinated walkins at Kolkata, Siliguri, Jalpaiguri, Darjeeling and Cooch Behar.

Responsible for Hiring across all levels. 

Handling Induction and all Pre joining formalities.

Coordinate college recruiting initiatives. 

Attend career fairs for recruiting and company recognition. 

Develop working relationships within colleges to aid in recruiting.

Assist in performing reference and background checks for potential employees. 

Responsible for Issuing offer letters and Confirmation letters 

Responsible for Coordination with Admin and Account in regards to Salary.

Responsible for maintaining attendance across all 3 shifts.

Responsible for co ordination of exit interviews. 
Assists with the development of Human Resources policies for the company with regard to employee relations.

Responsible for coordinating transport on regards to drop and pick up of Employees.

Responsible for Conducting Floor Activities for UK Shift.

Successfully Initiated the Payroll Clinic, Monthly One to One and Quiz Contests.

Successfully Coordinated and Managed Fosters Party.

METINC
Designation - Freelance Recruiter
Duration - March 2008 - June 2009

Profile: Taking Care of indents received by MetInc

Generating Database by sending out mails

Usage of Portals like Naukri and Monster

Lining up candidate for interviews  

HSBC (Kolkata)

Designation: Associate

Duration: May 2006- Oct 2007
Profile: Handling all calls relating to credit card queries

             Also to ensure swift response to customer queries over phone as well as mail.

             Also responsible for up selling of various benefits on cards in order to generate

             Revenue for the business

             Actively taken part in presentations to team members about various topics.

             Mentored new trainess on calls.

Touchstone Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd, Kolkata
Designation- Recruitment & Training Executive.

Duration - August 2004 - May 2006

Profile- Database scanning
             Meeting up with prospective candidates.

             Client Handling.

             Handling walk-ins and taking interviews.

             Counseling candidates.

             Also handled training for development of prospective candidates

Recruited candidates and also trained them for E-Serve International-Financial    Associate of Citibank. I was given the responsibility of training the new recruits on the specific process and also about required telephone etiquettes, accent training   and   Customer Relations and Development, designed and implemented training manuals. 
 

Education
      Level         : X ( Secondary School Examinations)

Institution : Marian Education Center

Year          : 2000 

Level         : XII (Higher Secondary School Examinations)

Institution : Ling Liang high school

Year           :2002 

Level: Graduation (B.A in English)

Institution  :Annamalai University

Year: 2009
 

Co-Curricular Activities:

       Part of the school soccer team

 Wrote & directed school play
 Part of the school quiz team.

Personal Details
      Date of Birth            : 07.11.1982

Nationality                :  Indian

Languages Known    : English, Hindi & Bengali

Hobbies & Interests:  Traveling, Soccer, Photography, Movies &Music

      Strengths: Excellent communication skill. A team player, ability to learn fast and willingness to work hard. 

Objective : To achieve my full potential through hard work & competence.

     

     Dated:                                                                    ( ALDRIN D'ABREO) 

