















































SHRIKAR NS

Subho Roy Chowdhury
#189/1, Nagarvapalya,  


                       :+91-9886786591
 C.V.Raman Nagar P.O,                               
           :+91-80-25240514                        Bangalore – 560093                                          : subhorc10@yahoo.co.in 

Karnataka, INDIA                                              : subhorc10@gmail.com
Objective:

Aspiring to be a part of an esteemed organization where my potential is made best use of, at the same time enabling me in career advancement and be a productive professional for the organization.
Profile Snapshot:
· Presently working as an Associate Software Engineer in Mphasis, an HP company, Chennai (25th Jan 2010-till date).
· Underwent 2 months of Initial Training Program in Mphasis on Oracle and UNIX.

· Currently working in the field of Oracle and UNIX for the clients Centurylink and Nextel International Inc.

Technical Exposure:
Programming Languages
:
C, UNIX, 8085/8086





Assembly Language, 8051 microcontroller.

Database 


: 
IDMS.

Database Languages

:
SQL/.PLSQL, Oracle.
Conceptual Knowledge
:
Digital Communication,

Analog Communication, Computer Networks, BSCS iX3.
Educational Profile:

· Completed Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Communication from Alpha College of Engineering, Bangalore under Vishveswaraiah Technological University, Belgaum with an aggregate of  66.10% in 2009.
· Completed 12th from Ryan International School, Bangalore, ISC Board with an aggregate of 66.4% in 2005.
· Completed 10th standard from Ryan International School, Bangalore, ICSE Board with an aggregate of 66.5% in 2003.

Project Details:

Currently I was working in the project for Centurylink (Embarq), renowned telecom network provider in US and Nextel International Inc, a telecom giant in the Latin America.
CIRAS (Circuit Administration System):
Duration: March 2010 – April 2011
Team size: Onsite:1 Offshore:10

· Description: CIRAS is the circuit service order and engineering tracking system of Centurylink LTD. CIRAS utilizes a UNIX bases midrange platform and ORACLE & D2K and Pro*C. CIRAS was developed to provide a common provisioning and engineering tracking tool
Responsibilities: 

· Analysis and design of requirements.

· Development and coding. 

· Preparation of test cases.

· Providing Support for the solution of the Data Tickets..
NII(Nextel International Inc):
Duration: March 2010 – till date

Team size: Onsite:0 Offshore: 7

· Description: Nextel a United States telecommunications firm operating a nationwide push to talk mobile communications system. Unlike other mobile networks, the Nextel network operated in the Specialized Mobile Radio band using iDEN technology from Motorola. Nextel was one of the first providers in the United States to offer a national digital cellular coverage footprint.
Responsibilities: 

· Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, Argentina markets will give the resources to the HP CoE and based on that the End-to-End configuration of rate plans are done in BSCS.  The HP project team will document the AS-IS BSCS and ALU rate plan configuration process and standardize the configuration process across all the 5 markets. And they will coordinate the implementation of the rate plans in production environment.
Academic Project:
As a part of the Engineering curriculum for 8th semester, the project was carried out at Alpha College of Engineering, Bangalore. 
Project title
:  “To guide the Blind people in the public using Ultrasound and Infra-Red”.

Team size
: 4
Description
: This project focused on helping the blind people in their day to day life to transverse in public using ultrasound and Infra Red as the guiding device.

Extracurricular Activities:

· Actively participated in Times NIE fest and Times Act.
· Was part of the Basket ball and Volley ball team in the district level in the school days.
· Actively participated in Science exhibition during school days.

Personal Details:
Date of Birth               : 10/05/1987
Father’s Name            :  S Roy Chowdhury
Mother’s Name           : Bithika Roy Chowdhury
Languages Known      : English, Hindi, Kanada and Bengali
Date: 06/11/11
Place: Bangalore







    [SUBHO ROY CHOWDHURY]
