













































SATISH RAJAN


 

RESUME 
 
 

Name:  AMRITPAL SINGH CHAWLA  
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS  

Date of Birth:  22-11-1988    Age:  29 years                            
Gender:   Male     Marital Status: Married    

Permanent Address:  F/503, Rashmi Dhruvita Park, New Link Road, Vasai (East), Thane -401208. 

Languages Known:  English & Hindi. 

Email ID:        amrit_2211@yahoo.com 

Contact No:  9967757568  

   
Career Objective 
 
A result oriented professional with over 6 years of experience in BPO industry. A proactive initiator and 
planner with expertise in handling a team. Worked with Firstsource Solutions for over 5 years. A consistent 
performer and creating a team work environment to enhance profitability. A quick decision maker with 
proven track record of increasing revenue for achieving organizational goals. 
 
Personality Traits: 
 Flexibility towards change, Team Performer, Quick learner, an organized and goal oriented attitude for 
effective execution of assigned task.  
 
Specialties: 

 Managing Team. 
 Managing Attrition. 
 Managing Shrinkage. 
 Managing Sales / Upgrades (STS) 
 People Management 
 Expert in Excel. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE                                                                                                

 

1) Organization:  Tech Mahindra Business Services. 

        Duration:     8th May, 2017 till date 

       Job Profile:   Team Leader (Customer Service) 

       Job Responsibility:  

* Responsible for handling the BAU team of 15 advisors.  
* Managing their performance and making sure to meet the given target.  

* Managing the SLA and the call volumes for 3 hours in a day 

* Responsible for coaching the advisors in the various aspect of call taking and handling the customers. 

* Managing the attrition count for the team and the community. 

* Managing the Transport leakage and minimizing it to the base level. 



* Managed 2 processes as a TL when there was a requirement which was around 3 months 
* Managing the planner and liaising with the WFM team for the smooth closing of the weekly roster. 

 

 

 

2) Organization:  Intelenet Global Services LTD. 

        Duration:     16th October, 2015 till 7th May 

       Job Profile:   Team Leader (Customer Service / Sales) 

       Job Responsibility:  

* Responsible for handling the BAU team of 15 advisors.  
* Managing their performance and making sure meeting the given target.  

* Managing the sales numbers for the team and products we were dealing in was Savings account, Credit, 
Home insurance, Mortgage Loan… 

* Training them to be up to the mark with the product and services we offer 

* checking their knowledge at every interval to make sure we get the best out of them. 

* Grooming them for the next level. 
 

Job Achievement:  

 Received letter of Appreciation from the Clients for 0 attrition continuously for 3 quarters 

 Achieved Livewire Award within a year of joining the organization 

 

3) Organization:  Firstsource Solutions Pvt.LTD. 

        Duration:     6th September, 2010 to 16th October, 2015 

       Job Profile:   Team Leader (Sales, Customer Service & Sales through Service) 

       Job Responsibility:  

* Responsible for handling the team of 15 advisors.  
*Managing their performance.  

* Time Management. 
* Responsible for the attrition numbers within the team as well as overall site as I was the Attrition Spoc. 

* Responsible to train new hire in the company and make sure that they come up the learning curve. 
* Conducting training across the floor for the new products launched. 
* Also worked closely with the MIS team to make the payroll and prepare data related to employee's payroll 
and salary. 
 

Job Achievement:  

 I received an Appreciation Letter from the Clients for the smooth transition of the new software 
launched (Genesis) for taking chats and serving the customers. 

 Promoted as Team Leader with in 2 years of my joining. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



4) Organization:  IBM Daksh Business Process Limited. 

        Duration:      5th October 2009 to 3rd September, 2010 

       Job Profile:   Advisor (Customer Service) 

       Job Responsibility:  

* Taking Chats and helping the customers purchase online. 
* Managing the individual performance as well as working with the team to achieve the overall numbers. 

*Maintaining basics i.e. reaching on time for shift, etc... 

       

 
EDUCATION 
 

Qualification Institute University / Board %/Class Year 

B.COM 

(English, A/C) 

University of Mumbai University of Mumbai 
 

 1st Class 2009 

H.S.C. Panscheel Dynapith College 

 

Maharashtra Board 2nd Class   2006 

S.S.C. Holy Angel High School       Maharashtra Board 1st Class 2004 

 
 
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 

 

 Completed Diploma in Software Testing from Seeds InfoTech.  

 Windows 98/XP/2000/2003/2010 

 Knowledge of Application Software: M.S.Word, Power Point, Excel. 
 
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  

 

 Organized Blood Donation camps in college. 

 Participated in fund raising for the flood affected people. 

 

 

 

 

Place: Mumbai.    
Date:   28/08/2018           Signature 

           
  

           
 
 
 
 


