






























   
      NARGISH S MEMDANI 
 
        Mobile     :    +91-89569-93451 
       E-mail     :    memdaninargish@gmail.com 
    
 

Career Objective 
 

 
To secure a key position as a valuable member with a well-established organization that 
will lead to a lasting relationship and where I can grow my knowledge, skills and attitude and  
can contribute my level best to the company. 

 
Experience 

 

 Educational Qualifications 
 

Year Examination Institution Class/Percentage  
2014 B.COM Ness Wadia College of Commerce  Distinction  

2016 CA Final (Group 1) 
The Institute Of Chartered 
Accountants of India Pass  

2012 CA IPCC The Institute Of Chartered Accountants of India Pass 

2011 CA CPT The Institute Of Chartered Accountants of India Pass 

2011 HSC Maharashtra State Board, Pune 77.67% Distinction 
2009 SSC Gujarat State Board , Surat 82.77% Distinction 

 Worked with Fortis Links LLP (Pune) from Jan-16 to Sep-18 as an Accountant.  
 Worked as an Article assistant with M.J Pethe & Co., Chartered Accountants (Pune) 

from Dec-12 to Dec-15. 
                     

 

Assignments handled at Fortis links LLP  
Client Sector Assignment Handled 

Digital Marketing Co. 

 
 Finalisation of Books Accounts 
 Bank Reconciliation  
 Payroll Processing 
 Self-Assessment and Advance Tax  
 TDS Calculation & Payment 
 Tally ERP9 

 
Assignments during Articleship 
Client Sector Assignment Handled  

Industrial Products 

 
 Internal And Concurrent audit of various areas such as Schools, 

Banks 
 Statutory Audit of Banks and College 
 Tax Audit, Vat Audits & Vat Returns of individuals, Firms & 

Companies 
 Indirect Taxes Compliances (Service Tax & Vat) 
 

Other   

 
 Company Formation& Filing of Company returns. 
 Filed Individual Returns 
 PAN & TAN applications 

 
 

 



  
  

Skills & Abilities  
 

 
 Well versed with MS-Excel and Word. 
 Completed the course of Information Technology training conducted by ICAI. 
 General Management and Communication Skills conducted by ICAI. 

 
 
Personal Details 

 
Date of Birth   :  11th April 1992 

                      Address   :  B/23, Nitron Homeland, Lane no. 6, Kalyani Nagar, Pune 411 006.  
Nationality   :  Indian 
Marital Status  :  Unmarried 
Linguistic Abilities  :   English, Hindi and Gujarati 
Interests   :   Reading, Cooking, listening Music and playing Badminton    
Passport Availability:   Yes 


