

































SIDDHESH S. MHAMUNKAR
E-mail: sid766666652@gmail.com
Contact No.: +91 8286661491, 8369733534

Career Objectives
To work for a progressive organization in a highly motivating and challenging environment that provides the 
best opportunities to grow and utilize my potential to the fullest to achieve the organization’s goal while 
achieving my personal goals.

Educational Background
 Bachelor of Management Studies (Finance) from - University of Mumbai with 62%.
 H.S.C. (Commerce) from K.V. Pendharkar College - Maharashtra State Board with 70%.
 S.S.C. from TondwalkarVidyavardhini High School- Maharashtra State Board With 85%.

Work Experience

1. Currently working with Quatrro Business Solutions Pvt Ltd. in Thane as Analyst (Finance & Accounts) 
from 18th May 2018 to Till Date. (Accounts Payable)
Job description (In Q-port And Microsoft GP)

 Invoice Verification, Vendor Creation
 Creating Payment Batch, ACH and Check payment, Handling Duplication and Escalation

2. worked with Intelenet Global Service Pvt Ltd in Thane as Analyst (Finance & Accounts) from 27th Dec 
2016 to 15th May 2018. Handled Clients as below:

Client Name Work Description
 Processing PO and Non-PO invoices
 Handling the auditing part of processed invoices
 Auditing  TDS  compliance part

A. Blue Star Ltd 
(Accounts Payable)
Location - Thane
Period - 1th Nov’17 to 15th May 18
Accounting Software - SAP FICO

 Preparing Daily Audit Report, Accuracy Report, Error Report, 
CCRP (Client  complaint  resolution policy) report  etc.

 Receipt accounting through ADI Upload sheet
 Receipt Reconciliation
 Invoice accounting and reconciliation
 Credit memo and Debit memo accounting
 Cash Application
 Revenue reconciliation report
 Auditing of Entire O2C (AR) Activity based on ICOFR (Internal 

Control over Financial reports)
 Reviewing of Tax Computation (VAT, Service Tax and GST)
 Auditing of invoice ageing report.
 Reconciliation of Account Receivable V/S General ledger.

B. Bharti Airtel Ltd
(Accounts Receivable)
Location - Banglore
Period - 1st May’17 to 31st oct’17
Accounting Software – Oracle R12

 Preparing Daily Audit Report, Accuracy Report, Error Report etc.



 Worked on citrix
 Processed and audited of shipping invoices

C. Ecu Worldwide
(Accounts Payable)
Location - Thane
Period - 27th Dec’16 to 30th Apr’17.
Job description (In Intacc)

 Vendor Reconciliation
 Preparing Daily Audit Report, Accuracy Report, Error Report, 

CCRP (Client complaint resolution policy) report, CAP Tracker 
etc.

3. Worked with “Prafulla Textiles Ltd.”, in Ambernath As Accountant for Period 1st Apr’16 to 17th Dec’16.
Job description (In Tally ERP)

 Worked with spreadsheets, sales and purchase ledgers and journals.
 Memos and invoices preparation done on the basis of material selling
 Compliance part were taken care like VAT, CST and TDS
 Bank Reconciliation

Computer Knowledge
Certificate course of “Adv. Diploma in Computer Engg.” From ACEC computer institute, in Dombivli (W)

Academics project-work
 Research project on “To study the investor behavior & Fund manager strategies towards mutual fund 

in India”

Personal Details
Address : R.no.1, GaneshKripa Soc., Vetalnagar, Mothagaon, Retibandar Cross Road,Dombivli (W)
Date of Birth : 23rd Apr 1996
Nationality : Indian
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Single
Languages Known:English, Hindi & Marathi

Place: Mumbai
Date: Siddhesh Mhamunkar


