Proven Senior Business Intelligence Data Analyst with 8 years of expertise, specializing in Power BI, complex report development, and data visualization. Adept at leveraging data-driven methodologies, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and delivering actionable insights to support decision-making. Seeking to join organization as a BI Data Developer to make a signiﬁcant impact through innovative data solutions, strive for learning and exceptional analytical skills. . Projects:
Senior Business Intelligence Data Analyst
Business Intelligence Data Analyst
Jr Business Intelligence Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
January 2021 - Present
January 2018 - January 2021
August 2016 - December 2017
Advanced SQL Knowledge
Data Visualization
Data Warehousing
A/B Testing
Database Design
Power BI (Microstrategy &Tableau)
ETL Tools (SSIS, Visual Studio & Alteryx)
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals certificate
Report Development (SSRS & SAP-BO)
Intermediate Python
Agile Methodologies (Scrum and Kanban)
Stata
Created various executive dashboards using Power-BI and SSRS for data related to REO and mortgage-backed securities . This involved managing database views and stored procedures, as well as writing advanced SQL functions and VBA script. Utilizes Power BI through developing and maintained data models, data dictionaries, SQL databases, data flow diagrams, data cubes, and attribute/ metric objects within Microstrategy and Tableau data warehouse schema. Collaborates with cross-functional teams to translate business requirements from every business line into eﬀective data visualizations, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives and facilitating decision-making processes. Performs unit and user acceptance testing of data modules, analyzes the test results, data transformation and addresses any issues.
Participates in initial production support activities and resolves escalated support issues. Supports and updates ETL tools (SSIS and Alteryx) code, and modiﬁes existing SQL stored procedure logic to meet business report requirements, monitor database efficiency and create report production schedules. Demonstrates exceptional communication skills and provides regular progress reports and input regarding annual goals and training plans. Actively supports colleagues by sharing information about the department, business unit, and organization. Migrated data from Heterogeneous data Sources (Excel, Flat file, Oracle, SQL server, json) to a centralized SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and Win SCP, to support business applications. STRENGTHS AND EXPERTISE
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SENIOR BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DATA ANALYST
Radian Inc. (formerly Clayton Holdings, LLC)
ANTHONY 801-***-**** · soccianthony4@SOCCI gmail.com West Jordan, UT
Datacenter migration: Migrated multiple production and UAT legacy system servers to a new datacenter. This involved careful cross checking hundreds of the API dependent report data points from rewriting the SQL of stored procedures from front end source applications- as well as logic within SSIS packages for sftp report deliveries. RESO Data Standardization: Led a team to compile thousands of REO-related data fields and standardize their definitions per RESO guidelines. Involved complex SQL code documentation and data mapping. Also utilized Python to compare large groups of field definitions and match results.
(2023-
2024)
(2022-
2023)
(2017-
2019)
Apollo Project: Assisted in constructing an entirely new data warehouse to replace legacy enterprise data warehouse. This involved detailing out new staging and presentation databases. The new format redefined a legacy system that prioritized a snapshot warehouse into a historical, one to one relationship structure.
(2020-
2021)
BPOF to Vibe: Spearheaded a team to migrate 1000+ reports and underlying data dependencies from legacy SSRS and SAP- Business Objects platforms to the new Microstrategy-based schema. This included gathering report requirements from business leaders, organizing agile scrum boards, recreating freeform SQL reports and assist in warehouse loads. The result increased data quality and storage efficiency by 150% and saved client stakeholders
~$20,000/day in performance costs.
Bachelor of Arts: Economics University of Utah GPA: 3.75, Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa Honor Society (top 5% of class)
References are available on request.
Graduated in May 2015
EDUCATION
Contact this candidate