C o r e y O l i v e r H i l l **** Briarwood Way, Davie Florida, 33331
548-***-**** · ad69bq@r.postjobfree.com

Business Analyst, Senior Data Architect/Data Analyst and Data Migration Lead

Professional Summary
Over all 15 years of SAP Data Migration experience and have been a DM Lead for several projects for past 10 years.
Over Ten years of development experience SAP BODS - Data Service and Informatica Power Center
Worked extensively with Data Extraction, Data Profiling, Data Cleansing, Data Enrichment, LS484MW, BDC, BAPI IDocs.
Experienced in different SAP BODS BPDMs, Transforms Functions.
Proficient in creating Jobs, Workflows, Dataflows, Query and other Transforms in SAP Data Services
Excellent in implementing and testing of Stored Procedures, Views, Packages, Database triggers, cursors and functions at database level.
Excellent Data Modeling and Data Warehouse Design
Working on SAP BODS Certification

Professional Profile

SQUIRE-HILL & ASSOCIATES
Business Analyst Data Architect, Data Migration Lead in USA/Canada – 1990 to Present

Mphasis Corporation - Project Manager/BI Report Developer and Excel - Davie, Florida, Jan 2021 to present

-Managed client engagement at JPMorganChase including:
o Business Objects upgrade fixed price project and 8 consulting firm resources
o Excel and Excel VBA code to support the Asset and Risk Management Group and initiatives at JPMorganChase and used both Power BI and Tableau

Squire-Hill & Associates – for Procom – Toronto Canada, April 2020 – Nov 2021

-Oracle NetSuite Financials implementation, preforming requirements analysis, configuration, and data migration activities from existing systems to be replaced. Developing interfaces from existing customer systems and vendor management systems to NetSuite using Integrater.IO
-SAP SuccessFactors implementation, leading data migration activities from existing mainframe systems to SAP. Requirements, functional specification and data migration program development. Using Informatica Power Center and Data Quality

Nu-Tech/Squire-Hill & Associates – Data Migration Manager – Toronto Canada/Atlanta Georgia, Feb 2012 to 2020

Leading major data migration initiatives, including project planning and methodology implementation
Managing all data mapping activities from source systems into various functional modules in SAP, including FICO, Sales and Distribution, SCM, Logistics and Project Systems
Reviewed all work and mapping and development in SAP BODS, stored procedures and tiggers for all ETL activities
Lead development of all conversion programs using SAP BODS and LSMW
Managed developments teams on site and in Mumbai, India and Singapore, Malaysia
Created Master Data Management programs for successful integration of all key sap and non sap master data.

Newmont Mining – Data Migration Functional/Technical Project Lead - SAP FICO/PS – Denver, CO – Dec 2010 to January 2012

Data Migration Lead for SAP FICO– Project Systems, Fixed Assets, Customer/Vendor Master, Accounts Payable, General Ledger, Accounts Receivable tasks include:
Identification of all legacy sources systems to be migrated to SAP.
Source to Target Mapping for all FICO and Project systems areas to SAP.
Development of ETL programs using Business Objects Data Services, LSMW’s to load legacy data into SAP.
Managed Team of 5 people onsite resources, developed project plans including all test cycles and cutover plans.
Master Data Management – to consolidate, synchronize and distribute master data objects for Finance across Newmont Mining.

AC Neilsen – Functional/Data Migration Lead - SAP FICO – Markham, Ontario – Nov 2008 to June 2010

Functional Consultant for SAP FICO Project Systems, Accounts Payable, General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Collections (FSCM), and Treasury/Banking tasks include:
Functional User Acceptance Testing and Training for 4 major European Centers – London, Frankfurt, Paris and Milan.
Deliver of Business Process Training and Education for each country and Shared Services Centers in Budapest and Chennai, India.
RECIF – functional and technical specification development to support data migration and cutover activities
Manage Team of 30 onshore/10 offshore resources in the development of all data conversion activities that supported all functional configuration
Integration of Master Data – finance data across AC Neilson using Master Data Management.
Data migration using SAP BODS, LSMW, SQL – stored procedures, triggers

DHL –SAP FICO Functional Lead – Fort Lauderdale, Florida – April 2008 to Nov 2008

Functional Consultant for all SAP FICO – Accounts Receivable, Collections (FSCM) and Treasury Tasks include:
Configuration of Profit/Cost Center Hierarchies for DHL
Configuration of Customer Master Data for AR/Collection Processes and Travel and Expense Management for Caribbean Region
Configuration of Bank setup, Electronic Bank Statement – Cash Management for AR and Treasury Needs, using BAI2 and MT940 working with Scotiabank for 14 Caribbean Countires. Processing of Inter and Intra day EBS files with value-dating for Cash funding and investment.
Development of Order to Cash Processes against Global Template – Business Process Definitions for:
Manage Collections -
Bill Revenue
Process Receipts and apply Cash
Invoicing
Development of all data migration activities – including source 2 target mapping, project and cutover plans for 14 Caribbean countries
Development of Training Materials using InfoPack and Test Scripts
Training and Education Delivery for 14 Caribbean Countries.

Bearing Point/Globalpundits, Sales and Business Development – SAP HR 4.6/ECC 6.0 – Jan08 – Mar 08
Developed RFP/SOW (Statement of Work) – engagement planning, project scoping, costing, project and resource plan for 2 RFP responses for:
Associated Press - SAP HR 4.6 to ECC 6.0 Upgrade project
The State of South Carolina – SAP HR ECC 6.0 Project Implementation

Motorola/Symbol technologies, Data Migration Lead – SAP HR 4.6/ECC 6.0 – Chicago, IL Apr 07 to Jan 08

Managed larger merger/acquisition project and integration of organizational structures for Symbol Technologies moving into Motorola, HR Function, duties, roles responsibilities aligned in SAP HR 4.6 and Upgrading to ECC 6.0 that included Major Data Conversion from 4.6 to 6.0.
Developed all project plans, scheduling resources, managing deliverables and offshore development.
Reviewed all data migration work using SAP BODS, LSMW
Master Data Management - integration, consolidation and distribution of SAP HR Master data across Motorola and Symbol Technologies

Canada Post/Innovapost, Business Objects/Crystal Reports Development Lead – SAP BW – Ottawa, Ontario Canada Feb 07 to Apr 07
SAP BW reporting architecture plan and delivery for Canada Post
Developed reports using Business Objects/Crystal Reports for delivery operations

GoodYear Tires, Development Manager – Interface/Data Conversion Lead– SAP HR – Akron, Ohio August 06 to Jan 07
Lead Mumbai Development team (30 functional/development resources ) ofcreation of 300 interfaces INBOUND/OUTBOUND of SAP HR and data migration of 65K employees from mainframe to SAP HR:
Functional Specification Documents – inbound and outbound interfaces for Time/Earnings reporting from all Goodyear Plants including interfaces to FICO from payroll and benefits.
Lead development of SAP Custom Program and XI Translation for all inbound to load SAP HR Infotypes and outbound to extract data for other various systems.
Co-ordinate unit and integration testing of all 300 interfaces.
Managed major Data Conversion efforts from mainframe into SAP HR 4.6C using SAP BODS, LSMW and MasterData Management for SAP HR

Warner Bros Studios, Project Manager – SAP Finance – FICO and Treasury, Burbank, CA January 06 to July 06
Lead functional integration of SAP FDinance – FICO module, and implemented IMG configuration for SAP Treasury against:
Sales and Distribution – Order to Cash Process for Warner Home Video Products,
Supply Chain – MM, PP, Material Master and BOM for build of video products
Pre-Production – PS, cProjects, xRPM for the development and green-lighting of television and movie releases
FICO/Treasury – provide configuration of cash management and bank account to manage order to cash process
FICO – integrated modules into corporate wide General Ledger and Chart of Accounts to support Warner Home Video business worldwide

Weston Bakeries, Project Manager – SAP BW, Mississauga, Ontario, Jan 03- Sept 06
Developed and Delivered a Project Charter, Statement of Work, Project Plan and Proof of Concept prototype using existing software and hard ware environment for a $4 million dollar data warehouse implementation using SAP BW, Oracle and Informatica to design and document data warehouse information cubes and logical design.

American Honda, Data Architect - Metadata Repository Los Angeles, CA, Jan 2002- April 2002
Developed a Project Charter, Statement of Work and Project Plan for a $5 Million dollar data architecture implementation crossing all business division of American Honda Motors Corporation.
Evaluated tools and techniques to support architecture using Erwin and Platinum Repository for Open Enterprise Edition.

JPMorganChase, Data Migration lead, Miami, Fl and New York, NY, 2001
Directed Project Planning, Business Analysis and Development activities for merging private banking operations and systems from Chase Manhattan Bank to JPMorgan’s operations and client servicing applications, including project plans, data migration activities, cutover plans and resources
Migrated data from Chase Manhattan databases to JPMorgan using Oracle

Cisco Systems, Analyst/Developer, San Jose, CA, 1999-2001

Directed multi-functional teams and Instrumental in creating dynamic Web-based applications to support the contract management process for the Legal Services division and integration with other divisional units and outside customers and vendors.

Cirrus Logic Corporation, SAP HR Functional Consultant, Fremont, CA, 1998 - 1999
Directed functional implementation of SAP HR 4.5 that supported all human resource business processes, including administration, compensation, benefits, appraisal management, recruitment and training. Developed functional specification for interfaces from payroll to FICO and also Web Portal for Employee Self Service.

Burger King Corporation – Data Architect and Data Modeler – Database Designer and Developer, Miami, FL, 1996 - 1998
Managed large-scale development efforts for worldwide packaged based and custom systems: Restaurant application systems, information warehouse and e-business solutions. Created business process, data and application architectures and methodologies that enable business goals and objectives for the year 2000 and Y2K compliance.

Functional/Technical lead on SAP FICO configuration of Master General Ledger to support BK operations worldwide and HR implementation of all modules including integration of payroll and benefits postings to FICO.

Development of Corporate Data Model, Data warehouse design, Source2Target Mapping, data migration schedule, activities, resources and cutover plans.

MCI Telecommunication, IT Strategy and Methodology Consultant, Colorado Springs, CO, 1996
Spearheaded use of application development methodologies for the Commercial Accounts Receivable Division of MCI.

Toronto Stock Exch, / Can. Investment Dealer's Assn / Ontario Securities, Data Migration Lead, 1995 – 1997
Created data migration programs, extraction, transformation rules and load operations using MS Access and SQL Server

Norwest Mortgage Incorporated, Data Architect and Data Modeler, Des Moines, IA / Minneapolis, MN, 1995 – 1996

Defined project, cost and scope using CSC Methodology, delivering a corporate data architecture as the foundation for all future information technology initiatives.

IBM Education & Training Services, Programmer/Analyst, Toronto, ON / Atlanta, GA, 1990 – 1995

Directed system implementation for worldwide enrollment, facility planning, instructor assignment and course/class scheduling. Introduced solutions to facilitate e-business between IBM and its customers.

Peat Marwick, 1989 – 1990 Audit Manager, Toronto, ON
Planned, managed and executed audit engagements for customers in the brokerage, banking and insurance industry.
Merrill Lynch, 1988 – 1989 Financial Analyst, Toronto, ON / New York, NY
Completed financial analyst training program and provided traders with research on specific industries.
IBM, 1984-1987 Marketing Representative and Systems Engineer, Toronto, ON
Developed new business through relationship-building in $4 million sales territory. Provided customized hardware/software solutions to enhance IBM's interface with public sector, manufacturing and brokerage industry. Teamed on product development.

Education
BASc, Engineering, University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
PE, Professional Engineer, Ontario, Canada
Certification by SAP Partner Academy HR, FICO Treasury,
IBM Account Marketing School and Project Management Training
Certified Public Accountant NY

Technical Skills

Business Process and Modeling Tools
ERWin · BPWin · Designer 2000 · PowerDesigner · Bachman/Groundworks · ADW
Business Intelligence and ETL Tools
Informatica · Cognos PowerPlay/Reportnet · Business Objects
Packaged ERP and CRM Software
SAP FI/CO · SAP HR · SAP Treasury SAP · Logistics · SAP BW · PeopleSoft HR · Oracle Financials · Clarify
Database Systems
IBM DB2/MVS · DB/6000 · SQLServer 6.5/7/2000 · Sybase 11 · Oracle 7/8/9i/10g
Computer Systems
IBM MVS/VM · Midrange Servers/UNIX · Microsoft NT Networks · Pier-to-Pier Private Virtual Networks
Contact this candidate