IFEANYI NWAJIOGOLI
● Experienced Business Intelligence Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in multiple industries including Technology, Financial and communication industries. Skilled in interpreting insights from massive data which help boost revenue and quality of data.
● Exceptional SQL scripting for creating various database objects like Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Views, and complex query writing.
●
understanding of Power BI and Tableau
●
versions, SSIS, SSRS, and Microsoft Visual Studio (Power BI) for designing packages, triggers, and indexes
●
●
● 3 years of Python Developer, Developed web application back and components and communicated with client to identify their needs and maintaining large databases,configured serves and collaborated with colleagues on a reduction of software maintenance expenses .
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
MS-SQL Server 2008 - 2018 Oracle 10g DBMS SSIS Data Analysis/Transformation Services and SSRS MS Office Suite MS Project/MS Visio SharePoint SIX SIGMA SCRUM SQL Visual Studio SQL Management Studio Oracle RDBMS JIRA SAP Tableau PowerBI XML Alteryx Presentation Skills Machine Learning Technical Writing Skills Strong Communication Skills Excellent Attention to Detail Ability to Set & Meet Deadlines Excellent Team Player Fast Learner and Self-Starter Program/Project Planning Quality Assurance/UAT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
October 2020 – To Present
Senior Data Analyst
● Developed and planned required analytic projects in response to business needs within digital technology operations.
● Developed reports in PowerBI and Microsoft Excel for management on the overall performance of business segments and developed metrics to measure various characteristics of the technology operations such as product lifecycle and risk analysis.
● Present information and outcome of analysis with Microsoft PowerPoint and visualization tools to leadership in ways that influences overall decisions and direction.
● Develop new predictive/analytical modeling methods as required.
● Partnered with stakeholders to gather requirements, process improvements, and develop roadmaps in project lifecycle improving the functionality by 36%
● Collaborate with unit managers, end users, development staff, and other stakeholders to enhance operations by supplying data analytics insights into business processes.
● Leveraged ServiceNow to input and extract data used for analysis and to create visual dashboards, reports, charts, and graphs with PowerBI
●
● ServiceNow and PowerBI SME for the entire department. Fulshear, TX ad70tc@r.postjobfree.com 469-***-**** PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Cigna, Remote, TX
Subject Matter Expert for several data objects within the digital technology operations. 7 years of SQL BI production and scripting experience, as well as a 2016 SSMS developer with a strong 7 years ETL/SQL in developing, researching, creating, and reporting using Microsoft SSMS 2008 – 2016 7 years of Tableau, Power BI, and SSRA experience
8 years of Office 365 (Excel, Visio, Word, etc.) experience with Agile (SCRUM) methodology DATA ANALYST February 2018 – October 2020
● Served as a liaison between the business intelligence team and Customer Care, Retention & Field Service leadership to understand data needs and build dashboards for insights and data visualization that are adopted by business leaders to make informed decisions.
● Develop performance metrics to measure success for business process improvement projects and agent performance management.
● Built Tableau visualizations against various Data Sources like Flat Files (Excel), Tableau Server (Existing online data sources) and Relational Databases (SQL Server).
● Published and customized interactive Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending in Tableau Desktop, schedule extract refresh using Tableau Online.
● Create, modify, and troubleshoot SQL queries, stored procedures and jobs and develop database objects including tables and views using SQL
● Led business insight forums to dig into data and provide areas of opportunities to executive leaders, leading to changes on how to retain customers and reduce attrition DATA ANALYST March 2016 – February 2018
Regions Bank – Dallas, TX
● Developed, created, and deployed business intelligence (BI) solutions for data, finance, and accounting (e. g. reporting tools)
● Experience of ETL and Data Warehousing principles, as well as incremental loads
● Maintained and supported data analytics platforms, converting business requirements into technical specifications, created dashboard reports from relational databases, and developing data storage tools (e. g. OLAP cubes)
● Restored and managed various types of data for data integration operations and writing user stories, including OLTP, OLAP, Excel, XML, CSV, and Flat files
● Evaluated and upgraded existing business intelligence systems, as well as developed and executed database queries, conducted evaluations, and performed unit testing and troubleshooting
● Collaborated with teams to implement processes, build, and update technical documents, and generate visualizations and reports for requested projects
● Analyzed available data, collaborate with business users to collect data and report criteria, identify data sources to extract business data for reporting, and identify and suggest the best sources for creating reports
● Diagnosed best practices and suggested improvements for communicating metrics through dashboards, as well as coordinating with the business team o additional data marts to support dashboard reporting, including data validation collaboration with business users
● Developed complex reports ensuring that the application’s synchronization with other systems, such as the customer information system, asset management system, and mobile workforce management system, was effective
● Intense analytical skills, including the ability to gather, compile, interpret, and disseminate large quantities of data while paying close attention to detail and accuracy
● Generated SQL queries, stored procedures, functions, and views, as well as review and troubleshoot them
● Used Excel, Power BI, and Tableau to devise, manufacture, and deploy data, financial, and accounting BI solutions (e. g. reporting tools)
EDUCATION
2
Ameren Corporation– Remote, MO
Bachelor’s Degree –
Babcock University, Economics
CERTIFICATIONS
● Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist – SQL Server 2016
● Agile (Scrum)
● Tableau Desktop Associate
● ITIL Foundation Framework
● Help Desk Certification
● Scrum Product Owner
● Tableau
3
Contact this candidate