Doris Anyetei-Anum
**** ****** ***** ***, ***** Chesterfield VA 23234
Email ad715r@r.postjobfree.com 804-***-****

Summary
Dedicated professional with experience in office human resources, Data analyzing/Data Analyst, intake, Eligibility determination, QA Analysts interviewing, HR onboarding, AML investigating and management settings. Consistently achieve record-high customer satisfaction rankings, improvements to the bottom line and turnaround of underperforming operations.

Education
Liberty University
High School from Thomas Dale

Work Experience

AgreeYa solutions 11/2021-07/2022 and 07/2023 to 04/2024
Data Analyst / Eligibility Trainer & QA Analyst III
Evaluated data from various electronic and other sources to enter information into a computer-based eligibility system. Computer benefits based on eligibility determination. Used fact-finding techniques to obtain, relate and evaluate information provided by applicants. Review appeal requests, case documents, and other appropriate evidence to prepare for and conduct client eligibility appeal hearings. I was responsible to train new hire as per the HR process and to complete the training that is required as per compliance of State of AR. Supports the design, documentation, implementation, and monitoring of new products and services. Provides guidance regarding procedural, technical, and operational changes. Expands business products knowledge within operations environment. Inspects data to identify issues and trends Collects and interprets data to validate operational processes. Ensure Medicaid and state program claims are processed and paid within mandated 38-day timelines. Conduct data entry and internet searches associated with various process streams. Perform variance testing of invoice data and research test failures. Perform analysis of script level data to resolve a dispute or potential dispute. Work with client and states to file or resolve disputed rebate units. Performs quantitative techniques and analysis on customer Eligibility, and performance data with the guidance from other analysts and supervisors, based on questions provided by business partners, and provides actionable insights for business partners to make informed decisions. Follows requirements developed by other analysts and supervisors to perform required research, analytics, and exploration on appropriate and accurate data sources to provide appropriate deliverables. Communicates complex subjects in a simple and engaging manner to non-technical and technical business partners using software such as Work, MMIS, VACMS, Power Point, Word, Excel. Assists with conducting quality comparison checks on analysis output and escalates data inconsistencies issues to leadership. Ensure the accuracy of results based on the analysis associated with the invoice data. Prepare payment packages and quarterly client deliverables. Assist in managing ongoing client relationships and interface with clients to resolve specific issues. Support ongoing software product testing. Continually strive to improve our business services processes and programs. Conducted investigation on potential fraudulent cases like healthy insurance benefit TANF, SNAP, Childcare, Medicaid, and More. independently conducting the initial review, evaluation, and timely processing of a variety of complaints of alleged violations against health care practitioners licensed. leveraging databases to acquire client and performance data, transforming extracted data into meaningful insights and trends, and delivering those insights to leaders to make complex decisions. Apply and explain detailed regulations and policies. Perform basic arithmetic functions. Manage time efficiently by establishing priorities in accordance with the importance of deadlines. Training New hires on the job.

Bank of America
AML Analyst Sr/QA Analyst 11/202*-**-****
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Know Your Customer/Client Due Diligence (KYC/CDD) is part of the Global Operations organization and is responsible for client AML/KYC refresh globally. Managing functional BSA/AML processes and ensure SLAs, regulatory requirements and internal processes are fully met. Updating timesheets using Workday system in HR Payroll and approving leaves of absence. Fulfilling BSA/AML/OFAC regulatory requirements, including the filing of SARs, CTRs and other filings, as well as fulfilling appropriate logging and documentation standards. controls to assess compliance with regulatory requirements and internal policies.
Conduct detailed analyses of AML transaction monitoring alerts, customer due diligence files, and suspicious activity reports to identify any deficiencies or areas for improvement.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and implement corrective action plans to address identified issues and enhance AML compliance effectiveness. Using your analytical skills to produce and follow leads Maintained records evidencing the performance of audit procedures, verified identification submitted for new account registration. Assisted in Know Your Customer (KYC) and Customer Due Diligence (CDD). completing AML/KYC due diligence checks as well as maintaining client records. Analyzing large, complex datasets of existing transaction monitoring reports and determining whether to apply enhanced due diligence and/or investigation, documentation, implementation, and monitoring of new products and services. Collects and interprets data to validate operational processes. Review of refresh requirements for assigned jurisdiction in line with related Client Identification Profile (CIP)/CDD Procedures to ensure adequacy and accuracy before the requirements are sent to the client.

Virginia Department Child Support Enforcement May 2018 – Nov 2021
Program support Specialist III
Complete and maintain all program-related records for each participant, including consent forms, participant payment and documentation of participant payments, data management system, and source documentation worksheets.
Open new cases, organize, and manage multiple priorities.
Retrieve documents from online systems like workday and files as needed.
Review case files for completeness using a desk guide and give notification of deficiencies.
Create folders and file electronic documents and associate documents with existing files.
Obtain and assess information/data through interviewing independently.
Research cases to resolve difficult problems, interpret and apply policies and procedures.
Evaluate, review, analyze and monitor cases to determine jurisdiction.
working with other state and country child support agencies
Determine if the establishment of paternity is.
determining and assessing child support obligations and health care coverage
As an Intake Analyst I handle inquiries from the public through various channels such as mail, fax, phone, email, or in-person.
official correspondences, and other relevant documents necessary for the consideration and pursuit of appropriate resolution options, including Closure, Additional Information
Maintain ongoing communication with Clients.
Ensuring parents comply with Child and/or medical.
Analyzed and utilized legal and financial data & automated reports.
Entering Court Orders, requesting more information when needed.
Communicate effectively both orally and in writing with the public and a diverse audience, and perform mathematical computations.
Conduct accurate, thorough, and thoughtful reviews of cases following initial docketing, receipt of additional information, and receipt of responses.
Skilled in the use of a personal computer, Microsoft Office applications and automated information systems.
Enforcing court orders establishing paternity, establishing child support orders, locating non-custodial parents.

Public Consulting Group Nov 2016 – May 2018
HR Coordinator
Execute background investigation process with the Virginia State Police and the FBI, tracking missing dispositions with courts and/or law enforcement agencies, and to analyze results in order to determine whether individuals affiliated with children and adult residential facilities and placing agencies to meet the responsibility for the safety and well-being of children and adult and to meet federal and state requirements regarding background investigations for adult, kids, and people with disability.
Facilitate the process of hiring new employees.
Verifies and validates all information for the Client that is consistent with requested information.
Grade background check results to determine applicant’s eligibility for employment.
Update the result in the systems to reflect a pass, fail, or partial fail based on background checks.
Updates prospective employers with background check results.
Communicates results of background checks with clients.
Utilizes MMIS, PORTAL, BPM, NCJI, and OIG among other U.S Dept. of Human Services systems.
Apply their knowledge of the criminal justice system to determine if a criminal record is legal to be considered for employment purposes.
Gather independent information from public records sources, and employment applications to determine if applicants meet the established screening standards for new hires and contingent.
Review applications and resumes daily, matching candidates with open or pipeline positions.
Assist with employee onboarding by collecting all new hire paperwork and entering employee data in necessary systems.
Maintain accurate human resource information system records and compile reports from HR databases while always maintaining full compliance with legal requirements.
Utilize email templates to contact candidates and schedule phone/virtual screenings and interviews.
Conduct phone interviews to screen candidates and properly assess their qualifications.
Document candidate qualifications, salary expectations and other details to fill current open positions and develop a pipeline of potential future hires Maintain open line of communication with candidates to keep them updated on the status of the hiring process.

Virginia Department of Social Services (DSS), Richmond VA Apr 2014 – Nov 2016
Program Admin Specialist
Process Snap, TANF, Medicaid overdue applications and renewals.
Verifies and validates enrollment of insurance and Medicaid.
Makes outbound calls to verify information needed for Determining Eligibility.
Utilize MMIS, VACMS, Spider, and other proprietary programs to validate information.
Upload relevant information about clients for eligibility determination.
Complete and maintain all program-related records for each participant, including consent forms, participant payment and documentation of participant payments, data management system, and source documentation worksheets.
Follow up with agencies to ensure submitted applications are processed in a timely manner.
Fraud Data analyst /AML Analyst 2011/2013
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Know Your Customer/Client Due Diligence (KYC/CDD) is part of the Global Operations organization and is responsible for client AML/KYC refresh globally. The team supports the business in completing AML/KYC due diligence checks as well as maintaining client records. Conducting client due diligence (CDD) and enhanced due diligence (ECDD) in accordance with internal policies, procedures and regulatory guidelines aligned to more complex Jurisdictions and/or client structures.
Review of refresh requirements for assigned jurisdiction in line with related Client Identification Profile (CIP)/CDD Procedures to ensure adequacy and accuracy before the requirements are sent to the client. Liaise with sales/ client outreach teams to obtain and validate correct documentation to fulfill refresh requirements. Perform client refresh through the review of client documentation, vendor databases and data entered proprietary systems to Ensure all refresh requirements are met Ensure all jurisdictional regulatory requirements related to KYC are adhered to Support business with KYC. related queries and requests. Participate in remediation, internal/external Audits Maintains comprehensive case files and ensures appropriate documentation is retained in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Interacts and assists Bank customers, employees, and various law enforcement agencies regarding investigations of potential fraudulent transactions and provides comprehensive and timely information.
Makes recommendations to management pertaining to all processes and procedures related to fraud and customer disputes. Proactively looks for improvements in the processes supporting bank goals of customer service, operational efficiency, and financial success.
Participates in ongoing training sessions for bank personnel regarding fraud as well as acts as a resource within the Risk Management Department. Assists in other Risk Management activities as deemed necessary to administer the Bank’s enterprise-wide risk management program.

Xerox Corporation, Richmond, VA Aug 2013 – 2015
Eligibility Processing Technician
Determines eligibility for health insurance for the Cover VA Program according Virginia regulations/guidelines.
Review documentation to accurately enter data into a web-based computer system.
Prepare correspondence for missing information as appropriate, make outbound calls to obtain, clarify, or validate information.
Reviews application information on the web-based system and associated imaged.
Verifies and validates enrollment of insurance and Medicaid.
Retrieve documents from online systems and files as needed.
Review case files for completeness using a desk guide and give notification of deficiencies.
Create folders and file electronic documents and associate documents with existing files.
Makes outbound calls to verify information needed for Determining Eligibility.
Utilize MMIS, VACMS, Spider, and other proprietary programs to validate information. Upload relevant information.
Contact this candidate