TEJASVINI MAVULETI
P: +1-801-***-**** ad75fr@r.postjobfree.com
LINKEDIN GITHUB
SUMMARY
● Data Analyst with expertise in research and analytics, specializing in the saw blade manufacturing industry.
● AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
● 5 + years of experience in conducting intricate analytical research in Business & Economics, excelling in research design, data collection, database management, and marketing automation software
● Experience in MIS data extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) processes
● Knowledge of sentiment analysis and natural language processing (NLP)
● USA Bachelors and Masters degree holder majoring in MIS and Business Analytics SKILLS
Machine Learning: TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, PyTorch, Pandas, NumPy, Keras, NLP Languages: R, Python, SQL
Technical Skills: AWS Cloud Compute, Power BI, Alteryx, Tableau, IBM SPSS, SSAS, SAP, ETL Processes, Oracle Apps, QuickSight, DevOps, Xcode, GPU Tools, Matlab, Google Data Studio, RDBMS, QlikView Software Tools: Microsoft PowerApps, Salesforce, Google Analytics, Statistical Analysis, Project Management, Project debugging, Agile software, Product Inspections
WORK EXPERIENCE
THE M.K. MORSE COMPANY Canton, OH
Marketing Data Analyst March 2021 – Present
● Accomplished Data Management Analyst with a robust background spanning 5+ years in Marketing and leading transformative Data Management projects.
● Applied advanced data analysis techniques, including machine learning algorithms, objective-oriented programming, and statistical modeling, to uncover patterns, correlations, and predictive factors within the data.
● Proficient in relational databases and adept at navigating Big Data environments using User Interface (UI/UX).
● Created a marketing organization and collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and implement marketing strategies, resulting in 20% revenue growth.
● Developed and enhanced marketing performance reporting and ensured alignment with financial goals. Managed monthly
& annual budget planning.
● Supported the execution of service-based marketing plans and drove A/B testing processes.
● Analyze offering performance, including new product performance and GTM strategies in life cycle management, and leverage digital analytics technologies, including AI, to analyze data to develop and refine marketing actions within social media content creation.
● Skilled in Agile methodologies, system deployment, and re-engineering processes for enhanced business solutions. THE M.K. MORSE COMPANY Canton, OH
Quality Assurance Intern Jun 2021- August 2021
● Executed dimensional and visual inspections of saw blades at various stages of the manufacturing process, contributing to a 15% reduction in defects and developed standardized reporting templates, streamlining the documentation process and enhancing overall efficiency by 20% in all the industrial saw blades.
● Inspected final products for quality concerns or to identify equipment setup and calibration issues using Gage R&R.
● Assisted with analysis and data gathering to support risk assessment. EDUCATION
KENT STATE UNIVERSITY - KENT, OH JAN 2022 - DEC 2022 Masters of Science in Business Analytics GPA: 3.7/4.0 (Great Distinction) KENT STATE UNIVERSITY - KENT, OH JAN 2019 - DEC 2021 Bachelors of Business Administration GPA: 3.7/4.0 (Cum Laude) Dean’s list for academic excellence Fall 2021 - Spring 2021 - Fall 2020 - Spring 2020 - Spring 2019 PROJECTS
Application of Deep Neural Network on Apple’s Siri Voice Detection - Nov 2022 - Dec 2022 Capstone Project on the Effects of Machine Learning Algorithms on Disease Recurrence and Diagnosis- Jun 2022 - Aug 2022 Manufacturing Cost Regression using Python for Analyzing the Economies of Scale - Aug 2022 - Aug 2022 PUBLICATIONS
Publication ӏ Elsevier - Science Direct Decision Analytics Journal - Aug 4 A Review of Analytics Models and Applications in Sustainable Manufacturing Conference Presentation ӏ ASME IMECE 2021 IMECE Conference, Nov 1-5, 2021 Effects of Part Variation and Sampling
Size on the Accuracy of Gage Repeatability and Reproducibility - American Society of Mechanical Engineers
Contact this candidate