Rupal Desai
ad75dv@r.postjobfree.com 1-512-***-****

General Skills:

Over 10 years of experience as a customer service specialist includes Customer and client satisfaction, customer retention, customer resolution and client service analyst role.
Over 7 years of experience in Data entry Analyst & Specialist & Marketing.
Over 5 years of experience in Supervision and Managerial role within delegated projects.
Over 5 years of experience in Accounting, Audit, Finance, Administrative skills.
Over 5 years of experience in training, supervising and hiring employees.
Over 3 years of experience as a Data Analyst.
Developed and maintained trust and loyalty over time while maintaining a strong relationship with clients and staff members.
Efficiently worked with team members and able to take direction and additional responsibility. Also, can work independently and use the best judgment while working under deadlines.
Provided Delivery and execution to track calls & reports using ticketing system.
Also worked in Finance/ Pricing operation department. Took authority as an expert in negotiating rates.
Achieved becoming a successful customer service consultant by providing the best advice to the solutions, ensuring customer and client satisfaction, by solving complex issues on account, finance, billing issues and complaints.
Experience with CRM & ticketing systems and remotely monitoring issues.
Diagnose issue and troubleshoot networking problems with modern operating systems to quickly fix the software and device related issue
Over 3 years of experience with order management including software such as GCRM and SAP.
Available for immediate interview and ready to start within a week.

Computer Skills: PC literate, Microsoft office- Word 2005& 2007, MS Outlook, Access, Excel, Window XP,
Vista and Apple, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Quick-books iPhone, Android. SAP, GCRM,
Newman, Sabre, Apollo, Alpha One and Amadeus.

Education:
M.S.U. University- Bachelor’s Degree completed in Applied Science, Baroda, India.
Berkeley College- Associate Degree completed in Applied Science, Marketing and Management,
White Plains, New York, USA.

EXPERIENCES:

Account Data Analyst- Deloitte- Austin, TX (October 2019- till present)
Research confidential data on customer's account in the area of clustering and anomaly detection.
Work with data scientist to develop solutions to the real-world problems.
Audit all the previous entries on client's benefit programs.
Rectification of data after reviewing cases from old programs to new program.
Researching data from several databases.
Extract data and rebuild clusters.
Create new files and folder for active clients.

Customer Service Representative - Google/ Accenture- Austin, TX (June 2018 – September 2019)

Assistance to the member and providing services using website and mobile app.
Troubleshoot on the device related issues and provide immediate solution to technical and nontechnical issues
Educate customer on Product knowledge and their accounts.
Validate active accounts and review old closed accounts.
Authority to charge customers and provide client retention program.
Involve with Risk management for financial discrepancies.
Authority to fix all unauthorized charges with additional banking information.

Technical Support
Home Depot- Austin TX (February 2016- May 2018)
Assist and guide all callers including inbound and outbound calls.
Provide problem resolution of complex technical issues using knowledge base tools.
Manage open tickets, and documented all calls while adhering to quotas.
Resolved all tickets and closed and created folders for existing customers.
Escalate or DE-escalate calls and chats, as needed based on complex issues.
Share insights and information to clients.
Assist in queries to resolve complex technical issue.

Independent International Travel Consultant
Global Travel International- Online- Austin, TX (March 2012- December 2015)
Make reservation for domestic and international flights.
Provide the best package using best affordable air fares and tariffs to the clients.
Issue ticket and handle calls.
Verify accuracy of personal information and related travel documents provided.

Logistic Specialist/Sales support –
Apple, Inc- Austin, TX (October 2013- May 2015)
Investigated and check for fraudulent charges with financial team and logistic and come with resolution after further reaching out to the warehouse for proof of delivery.
Authorize delivery after receiving billing information. Ensuring all data was accurately entered in the system
Checked tracking information with UPS and verify shipping Inquiry using database, SAP, GCRM, and Newman.
Verify Shipping products were executed on time in America and Canada.
Used Ms excel to verify on order.
Provide support to Apple Online Store Channel team members.

Data Consultant, WIP Manager, Application Portfolio Optimization
Dell- Round Rock, TX (April 2009- February 2012)
Provide research assistance and clarity of business demand specifications.
Intensely worked on the Ms excel and graph to execute the plan.
Prioritize the work schedule for the day with project managers and clerks.
Prioritize plan and adhere to meet the goal for the week with the international managers.
Consult with Product manager and team members to map the product service order catalogue.
Review, analyze, and evaluate catalogue systems to facilitate the user ends’ needs.
Worked directly with international program managers from Europe, Canada and Asia as a liaison to come up with a same goal objective every week.

Customer Service Representative/Administrative Assistant-
O.C.C.C & TDSHS - Austin TX (April 2008-March 2009)
Monitor discrepancies and track sensitive data.
Resolve complex issue and ensure accuracy is met.
Manage administrative duties including replying to emails and chat.
Answer to all calls and call back to further assist client on their queries.
Received and processed application
Sort mail according to category and prioritized according to importance.

Customer Service Representative, Brazos. Austin, TX. (February 2007- March 2008)
Apple-One
Managed accounts and rectify information on the data.
Track and implement all aspect of billing issues.
Responsible for all escalated issues. Sent out mail letter.
Update sensitive reports, providing customer care, services and maintain public & staff relationship.

Escalation Supervisor/CSR Technical Sales Support,
Microsoft. Austin, TX. (March 2004- January 2007)
Identify complex technical issues and complaints.
Monitor other caller and trained the new batch.
Implement solutions to resolving issues quickly.
Provide excellent customer service and customer care to US and international customers.
Discuss issues with other supervisor and managers and come up with solving new technical issues that would arise as products got released
Answer customers back via email with feedback option.
Managed and fixed the discrepancies and over –ride price.
Immediately assist all tier 1 and tier 2 escalated calls and chat support.
Contact this candidate