AKRUTI AMBADE
ad7692@r.postjobfree.com 945-***-**** Santa Clara, CA linkedin.com/in/akruti-ambade/ public.tableau.com/profile/akruti.ambade

SUMMARY
Data-driven Workforce Analyst with 6+ years of experience specializing in People Analytics and Talent Acquisition Data Reporting. Skilled in data analysis, visualization, and building interactive dashboards using SQL, Python, Tableau, Power BI, and other tools to support HR and business initiatives. Proven ability to integrate data from multiple systems, generate actionable insights, and influence executive leadership in global environments.

CERTIFICATES: Power BI Data Analyst, Google Analytics, AWS Practitioner, Alteryx Foundational

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: SQL, Python, R, JavaScript
Data Visualization: Tableau, Power BI
Tools: Microsoft Excel (string parsing, lookups, conditional logic, etc) Google Apps, Alteryx, Microsoft Office Suite, SharePoint
Data Management: Google BigQuery, AWS RDS
Statistical Analysis: Regression Analysis, Predictive Modeling, Forecast Accuracy, ANOVA, Decision Trees, Factor Analysis, T-tests

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Data Analyst, PERSOLKELLY, Aug 2019 – July 2022
●Developed and managed 15+ dynamic People Metric, Workforce Planning, and Recruitment Analytics dashboards using Tableau, MySQL, and Python to solve strategic talent challenges, including optimizing recruitment efforts and retention strategies. Delivered insights to senior leaders that led to a 20% increase in successful hires and improved retention rates by 15%.
●Applied inferential and descriptive statistics techniques (correlation, regression, prediction) to analyze complex HR datasets, driving data-informed decisions in talent acquisition, increasing successful hires by 20%, and employee engagement scores by 10%, while developing comprehensive reports on service level achievements (SLA).
●Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including recruiters, hiring managers, and leadership to troubleshoot hiring roadblocks through refined data models and automated workflows using Google Sheets, Alteryx, and Python scripts for ETL, resulting in a 40% improvement in recruiter efficiency and solutions that optimized workforce strategies.
●Designed and conducted comprehensive surveys and KPIs analysis for Recruiting teams, incorporating A/B testing and predictive models to evaluate retention strategies. This experiment-driven approach resulted in increased client retention and improved overall performance.
●Developed executive-level Tableau reports tracking KPIs such as Candidate Net Promoter Score, Quality of Hire, and Offer Acceptance Rate, translating complex data into actionable insights for senior executives, helping to drive strategic decisions related to talent acquisition and sales.
●Effectively partnered with stakeholders from finance, legal teams by regularly communicating findings and recommendations, ensuring alignment with business goals and driving data-informed decision-making.
●Built and managed large scale complex Relational and Multidimensional Tables, Views, Functions and Stored Procedures on AWS RDS MySQL for Job Requisition, Candidate Sourcing and Sales processes and further optimized performance by Query tuning.

Senior Business Analyst, ManpowerGroup, Jan 2017 – Jul 2019
●Performed Data Analysis on workforce data to identify trends, implemented data models and provide actionable insights using MySQL, Python Pandas, Tableau and Excel for visualization and reports of over 250+ contractors across 10+ key client accounts and improved recruiter and vendor performance, ensuring optimal deployment strategies and effectively.
●Built strategic interactive Tableau Dashboards and Reports to provide insights and trends on TA initiatives and client-side key metrics like Headcount, Attrition rate, Time to Hire, Submit to Interview Ratio, Cost per Hire, and Diversity Hiring, etc. fostering a strong relationship of data transparency between Leadership and Client.
●Collaborated with the Marketing team to refine Job posting strategies by utilizing insights from ERPs like Bullhorn, Workday etc.
●Worked closely with senior leaders to ensure alignment between workforce policies and strategic objectives, presenting recommendations and data insights for optimized decision-making

Business Analyst, Catenon, Jan 2016 – Dec 2016
●Analyzed data to support global Recruitment Process Outsourcing projects (RPO), improving recruitment strategies and candidate fit.
●Created and maintained data visualization reports using Excel to track recruitment metrics.
●Collaborated with HR partners to create metrics and reports to ensure data accuracy and integrity in HR systems.

PROJECTS
Web Analytics – Bath and Body Works
●Implemented web analytics and A/B testing to optimize subscription models, providing data-driven insights that enhanced marketing efficiency, increased conversions by 15%, and improved customer retention by 20%.

Econometrics – GDP and Economic Factors
●Analyzed GDP and economic indicators using time-series regression and log-linear models, informing data-driven policy recommendations and improving economic growth projections by 5%.

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Business Analytics May 2024
The University of Texas at Dallas, USA

Postgraduate Diploma in Human Resources and Marketing June 2016
MIT School of Business, Pune, India

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Oct 2013
Pune University, India
Contact this candidate