Worked with the large clinical dataset, where our objective is early
detection of sepsis so that we can have positive outcomes for the patients.
Designed dashboards (for biomarkers, organs, assessment score) for ICU Sepsis patients using Tableau calculated field which has level of detail
(include, exclude, fixed), windows function, data densification, Filters, Parameters.
Created and presented visually engaging data visualizations in Tableau to effectively convey findings based on demographics and health information to stakeholders.
Conducted descriptive and statistical analyses on 43 biomarkers and 8 vital signs. Key findings showed that 50% of sepsis diagnoses occurred within 30 hours of the first abnormal blood pressure reading, with most within 20 hours. This underscores the importance of prompt monitoring and intervention.
Identified the dominant biomarkers - WBC, Platelets, Base Excess and Lactate which plays a significant role in the incidence of Sepsis by using advanced concepts in Tableau.
We created a variety of charts, including specialized ones like Sankey diagrams, radial charts, 3D bar charts, dual-axis charts, funnel charts, and correlation charts, in addition to basic charts such as bar plots, box plots, scatter plots, and heat maps..
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define data requirements and deliver actionable insights.
Managed a team of over 20 members, handling task assignments, offering guidance as necessary, reviewing work, ensuring deadlines were met, addressing challenges, and providing technical support using agile methodology with Jira.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Meticulous and results-driven Data Analyst in collecting, analyzing, and interpreting large datasets to support data-driven decision-making. Demonstrated expertise in statistical analysis, data visualization, and data mining, coupled with a strong aptitude for transforming complex data into actionable insights for stakeholders. Adept at using advanced analytical techniques to identify trends, uncover correlations, and optimize business processes.
PROFILE
Numpy Ninja
Data Analyst Jan 2024 - Present
YOGESHWARI RJ
ad77gq@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn Profile
Medium Profile
Tableau Profile
unner
of the year
f the team
KEY SKILLS
Abinitio
Tableau
PostgreSQL
Oracle
Python
Numpy
Pandas
PowerBi
Unix
Bachelors of Technology
in Computer Science,
Amrita School of
Engineering
Coimbatore, India.
2013
EDUCATION
Utilized Power BI for analyzing the dataset on Cerebral Microvascular Disease in Elderly patients with Diabetes.
Manually cleaned and organized data for different clinical test groups, such as cognitive tests, eye test, walking score, demographics. Created demographic visuals in PowerBI to effectively convey insights to stakeholders.
I used SQL to analyze data related to maternal health, focusing on fat measurement during pregnancy and its effects on gestational outcomes. Utilized SQL tools such as Windows functions, Stored Procedures, Triggers, and CTEs to manage large datasets while maintaining data integrity and accuracy.
Analyzed a dataset of hospitalized patients with heart failure using Python. Used python pandas/ numpy library for data cleaning, data wrangling and missing data analysis.
Adept in using Python visualization libraries like matlplotlib and seaborn for deriving insights through exploratory data analysis. Pull/push requests and merging branches in GitHub repository. 1.Merging 10 datasets
into 2 dataset which has
simple and complex
visuals to enhance the
performance in tableau
2.How-to-create-a-3d-bar-
chart-in-tableau
3.How-assessment-tools-
enhance-patient-
outcomes with SOFA
Score
AWARDS
Blogathon runner
Best Associate of the year
Star Performer of the team
PUBLICATION
Cognizant Technology Solutions (CTS)
Associate Aug 2013–June 2016
Each project progresses through phases, each with its own distinct requirements and business needs.
Capital One - Global Finance – Commercial POD
Tools: Abinitio, Unix, SQL,Control-M.Teradata
The main scope of this project is transformation of data from source files to PeopleSoft, GL, Recon cloud servers from where it is consumed for various purposes.
This project involves development and enhancement of various finance applications such as PIT modules for Advanced Commercial Banking System, Deposit Escrow, Commodity Derivatives, etc.
Gathered requirements from clients for analysis and design. Scheduled milestones by planning and creating stories sprint wise. Mocked proper test data or scrubbing data from production environment to ensure that the transformation rules were defined correctly and documented test cases along with sample data for reference. Generated end to end relationship between graphs using a EME (Enterprise Meta>Environment).
Created Change Requests to migrate both the code and jobs to production environment after successful QA sign off.
Managed job monitoring in production using Control-M and provided support during warranty periods
Contact this candidate