Venkata Sriram Kumar Sunkara
Email: ad77ef@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-214-***-****
Linked In: https://www.linkedin.com/in/venkata-sriram-kumar-sunkara-29318a27/

Professional Summary

16 years of IT experience as a Data Scientist, Azure Data Engineer, MSSQL Server, Snowflake, Business Intelligence Developer and Data Analyst in Production, Development and Staging Environments.
Extensive usage of Reporting & ETL tools like SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Good at writing complex MDX queries against SSAS cubes.
Good in designing Workbooks, Dashboards and storyboards using Data Visualization tools like Power BI and Tableau.
Integrated & Delivered BI reporting solutions in Power BI, Reporting Services (SSRS) and Tableau.
Hands-on experience on Snowflake.
Good Communication & Management skills with Excellent Role-playing capabilities.
Excellent T-SQL Developer skills including Stored Procedures, CTE, Indexed Views, User Defined Functions, Triggers and Transactions in SQL 2019, SQL 2016, SQL 2012, SQL 2008 and SQL 2008 R2.
Expertise in designing highly complex SSRS reports, Dash Boards and Data Visualization.
Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Custom Logging for SSIS Packages.
2 years of experience in AWS Data Migration service and python programming.
Hands on experience with AWS DMS and SCT for migrating on-premise SQL server/Oracle data to Amazon S3 and Redshift.
Generated Tableau Dashboard with quick/context/global filters, parameters and calculated fields on Tableau reports.
Expertise on Data Warehousing Concepts.
Experience in interacting with client/user to gather the user requirements and perform gap analysis.
Very good at documentation of changes and generating/sending reports to Clients based on the progress of the activities at-hand to analyze system performance.
Successfully adhered to the client standards and made recommendations based on the business requirements.
Ability to Architect a technical solution, including detailed written/visual documentation (Functional and Technical specification documents) with strong Analytical, Problem-Solving skills and also successfully adhered to the client standards and made recommendations based on the business requirements.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages
:
C, C++
Databases
:
Snowflake, Microsoft SQL Server 2000 / 2005/ 2008 / 2008R2 / 2012 / 2017 / 2019 and MYSQL
GUI
:
HTML, CSS, Dream Weaver
OperatingSystems
:
Windows NT, 95, 98, XP, Server 2000/2003, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10 and Unix.
WebTechnologies
:
VBScript, ASP, PHP, JavaScript and Python
BI Technologies
:
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration services (SSIS), Multi-Dimensional eXpressions (MDX)
Cloud Technologies
:
Microsoft Azure, AWS, Amazon S3, Redshift, DMS
VisualTools
:
Microsoft Visual Studio 2003/2005/2008/2010/2012/2016/2019
Webservers
:
Microsoft IIS 5.0/5.5/6.0
Version control tools
:
Git, GitHub, Microsoft Visual Source Safe 6.0, SVN, TFS
SDLC Methods
:
SCRUM, Agile, Waterfall
OfficeSystem
:
Office 365, Microsoft Visual Studio Tools for Office, Microsoft InfoPath 2007/2010
Data Visualization tools
:
Power BI, Tableau

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Masters in computer sciences

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Working as a Data Scientist for ITMC Systems Inc, from August 2024 to till date.
Worked as a Senior Data Analyst for Optum from August 2021 to August 2024.
Worked as a Senior Consultant for LiquidHub (a Capgemini group company) from April 2013 to Augut2021.
Worked as a Lead developer (MSBI) for NTT DATA from July 2011 to April 2013.
Worked as a Software Engineer (MSBI) for SmartSoft from October 2007 to July 2011.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Employer: Optum Global Solutions
Project: Spend Cube – Optum Care, MN August 2021 – till date
Senior Data Analyst

Spend Cube provides overall end to end data and analytics support and delivering data management capabilities to OptumCare CDOs by gathering all data which is derived and managed within Supply Chain functions and working with third party teams like PREMIER, PROVISTA (to cleanse, categorize and standardize data that is leveraged across the analytics platform) and IQVIA (to get the dispensed antibiotic prescription counts aggregated at the physician prescriber level).
Responsibilities:
Participated in weekly team meetings, Analysis and Enhancement meetings.
Scrum master, Sprint and capacity planning, Requirement and Gap analysis.
Involved in Data Cleansing, Analysis and Transformation.
Created multiple audits using SQL and Power BI.
Performed redactions on PII for data extracts.
Built Power BI reports using most of the Data visualizations.
Team Mentoring, Technical support to team and responsible for all deliverables.
Worked with third party vendor PROVISTA to get the Premier standard data by cleansing and categorizing the data using Premier rules.
Worked with third party vendor IQVIA to build a comprehensive patient centric database that brings together Iqvia prescription, medical claims and remittance data to offer a simplified path which inturn helps end clients to understand patience experience and allowing for more sophisticated analytics to support their critical business decisions.
Migrated history data from On-premise SQL Server to AWS S3 and Redshift DB using DMS tasks and SCT.
Point of contact for CDOs, Vendors and higher management.
Researches and implements technological strategic solutions.
Worked with QA team in preparing estimations and involved in Unit Test cases using Functional and Design Specifications.
Generated multiple Tableau Dashboards with quick/context/global filters, parameters and calculated fields on Tableau reports.
Migrating the DWH from SQL (On Premise) to Snowflake. Bulk loading from External Stage, Internal Stage to Snowflake cloud using COPY command.
Loading data into Snowflake tables from the internal stage using Snowsql.
Working on migrating the project to cloud from on-premises by following the 7Rs strategy.

Technologies: Azure, Microsoft Visual Studio 2017,2019, SQL Server 2018, 2017, 2016, SSRS 2019, SSIS 2019, Snowflake, Power BI, Tableau, Python, Excel 365, AirFlow, JIRA, Windows 10, UNIX (RHEL 7 & 8)

Employer:LiquidHub (a Capgemini group company)
Project: SEI (Simulated Environments Inc) Oaks, PA June 2017 – August 2021
Senior Consultant

SEI Investments Company, formerly Simulated Environments Inc, is a financial services company headquartered in Oaks, Pennsylvania, United States. It helps professional wealth managers, institutional investors and private investors create and manage wealth - and enable their long-term success by providing solutions that are both comprehensive and innovative.
Since 1968, SEI has been a leader in the investment services industry, recognized for its history of innovation. Throughout this 50-year history, our mission has remained constant: to help clients achieve continued success by developing consistently relevant solutions delivered through an outstanding client experience. Many of our solutions are unique, combining advice, investments, technology, and operations into comprehensive solutions designed to help professional wealth managers improve their business success, institutional investors make better financial decisions, and private clients achieve their life and wealth goals.
Responsibilities:
Participated in weekly team meetings, Analysis and Enhancement meetings.
Scrum master, Sprint and capacity planning, Requirement and Gap analysis.
Involved in migrating the product to higher versions with ease.
Lead the project in migrating from SQL to Snowflake.
Developed SSIS packages for Snowflake migration.
Created multiple audits using SQL and Power BI.
Built Power BI reports using most of the Data visualizations.
Integrated custom visuals based on business requirements using Power BI desktop.
Preparing Estimations and involved in Unit Test cases using Functional and Design Specifications.
Provided continued maintenance development of bug fixes for the existing and new Power BI reports.
Generated Tableau Dashboards with quick/context/global filters, parameters and calculated fields on Tableau reports.
Team Mentoring and responsible for all deliverables.

Technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio 2013,2015, SQL Server 2016, 2012, SSRS 2016, 2008 R2, SSIS 2016, Snowflake, Power BI 2013, Tableau, Excel 365, JIRA, Windows 10

Employer: LiquidHub (a Capgemini group company)
Project: Channel (Microsoft) Redmond, WA June 2017 – May 2018
Technical Lead

Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and services.
Channel Team helps Microsoft partners (Distributors, Resellers, Direct & Indirect resellers) to report their sales and inventory on a Daily/Weekly/ Monthly basis and ensures the data quality and publishes to MS Sales. It helps Microsoft to make high level decisions without any hassle.

Responsibilities:
Participated in weekly team meetings, Analysis and Enhancement meetings.
Part of coding and testing the new Audits.
Involved in Framework design, Creating Tables, Functions and Procedures.
Created multiple audits using SQL and Power BI.
Built Power BIreports using most of the Data visualizations.
Integrated custom visuals based on business requirements using Power BIdesktop.
Reports Designing & Development using MDX.
Involved in SSAS tabular cube modifications.
Preparing Estimations and involved in Unit Test cases using Functional and Design Specifications.
Provided continued maintenance development of bug fixes for the existing and new Power BI reports.
Generated Tableau Dashboards with quick/context/global filters, parameters and calculated fields on Tableau reports.
Production Support.

Technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio 2012,2014, SQL Server 2016, 2012, SSRS 2012, 2014, 2016, SSIS 2012, MDX, DAX, Power BI 2013, Share point, TFS, Windows 10

Employer:LiquidHub (a Capgemini group company)
Project: AHA-Ameri Health Administrators, Horsham, PA October 2013 – May 2017
Sr. MSBI Developer

AHA is a third-party administrator (TPA) that provides comprehensive health benefits management service to organizations who choose to self-fund their health benefit plans.
AHA provides comprehensive health benefits management service to organizations that choose to self-fund their health benefit plans. AHA serves over 400,000 members nationwide and provides clients with customized plans based on their health coverage needs and budget.
AHA is undergoing a huge Technology re-architecture from Mainframe’s platform to implement their systems using Microsoft technology stack.
Responsibilities:
Participate in meetings, Requirement gathering and Analysis.
Embedded Power BI reports on Sales force portal page and also managed access of reports and data for individual users using Roles.
Part of coding and testing the new SSRS reports and SSIS Packages.
Involved in Database design, Creating Tables, Functions and Procedures.
Reports Designing & Development using MDX.
Involved in SSAS cube modifications.
Preparing Estimations and involved in Unit Test cases using Functional and Design Specifications.
Migrated existing self-service reports and adhoc reports to Power BI.
Created Tableau Dashboards with interactive views, trends and drill downs along with user level security.
Developed custom calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to meet the business requirements.

Technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio 2012, SQL Server 2016, 2012, SSRS 2016, 2012, SSIS 2012, MDX, Power BI 2013, Share point, TFS, Windows 7

Employer:LiquidHub (a Capgemini group company)
Project: CMOC - ABIM, Philadelphia, PA April 2013 – September 2013
Sr. MSBI Developer

ABIM is one of 24 medical specialty boards that make up the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS). The boards work together, through ABMS, to establish common standards for physicians to achieve and maintain board certification. The boards were founded by their respective specialties to protect the public by assessing and certifying doctors who meet specific educational, training and professional requirements. ABIM is an independent, non-profit organization. The certification from the American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) has stood for the highest standard in internal medicine with 19 subspecialties possessing clinical judgment, skills and attitudes essential for the delivery of excellent patient care.

Every 10 years, internists and subspecialists certified in or after 1990 renew their certificates through ABIM's Maintenance of Certification program. The scope involved working on modules on the Maintenance of Certification program which include auto enrollment, portal, transition, products, billing, tri com, and public site.

Responsibilities:
T-SQL development which includes stored procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions and scheduling jobs.
Performance tuning and Query optimization.
Test data preparation for DEV, QA and BVT environments.
Worked on JIRA tickets.
SSRS report development.
Extracted data from sources and transformed the data using different transformations like data conversion, derived columns, look up, Conditional Split, Aggregate, Union all, merge join and multi cast transformations.
Designed Different Types of reports like Drill Down, Drill Through, Sub Reports and Parameterized Reports.

Technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008, SSRS Reports, SSIS 2008, JIRA, .Net, BizTalk, WCF Test Client, VPN, Windows 7

Employer: NTT DATA
Project: Agent Plus -National Life Group (NLG),Montpelier, VT October 2012 – April 2013
Lead MSBI Developer

National Life Group is a diversified family of financial service companies that has successfully forged a strong identity as a product innovator offering personalized service. Companies in the group offer a comprehensive portfolio of life insurance, annuity and investment products to help individuals, families and businesses pursue their financial goals.

Responsibilities:
Extracted data from various sources like SQL Server, .CSV, Excel and Text file from Client servers and through FTP.
Involved in creation/review of functional requirement specifications and supporting documents for business systems, experience in database design process and data modeling process.
The packages created included a variety of transformations, for example Slowly Changing Dimensions, Look up, Aggregate, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Fuzzy Lookup, Multicast and Data Conversion.
Created Event Handlers for the Packages Using Event Handler Tab for Error Handling.
Created Transactions in packages to roll back the whole process in case of package fails.
Created Configurations to change the package properties dynamically.
Maintained log information in SQL table to tracking Errors and recording package execution status.
Scheduled Reports Weekly and Monthly basis as per the Client Requirements.
Extensive usage of Dundas charts for designing charts and dash boards.
Involved in the Unit testing and issue resolutions.
Technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server 2008 R2 Integration Services and SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, Windows XP.

Employer: NTT DATA
Project: Relay Health Report Conversion - MCKESSON August 2011 – October 2012
Sr. MSBI Developer

RelayHealth is an intelligent network with solutions that improve clinical communication, accelerate care delivery, and drive cash collection by connecting patients, providers, pharmacies, payers and financial institutions. RelayHealth possesses unique channel strength across all key segments of healthcare with established leadership in real-time transactions processing, a strong portfolio of transactional businesses, and the stability, trustworthiness, and resources of proven organizations.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for importing source/and target tables from databases using execute package tasks and control tasks in SQL Server 2008 R2 Integration services.
Extracted and transformed data using different tools like data conversion, derived columns, look up, conditional split, aggregate, union all, merge join and multi cast transformations.
Involved in building and deployed packages to SQL server and Scheduling Packages.
Developed reports in Matrix, Table and Chart using SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services.
Designed reports like drill down, drill through, sub reports and parameterized reports.
Participated in developing reports using different SSRS functionalities like sort prompts, cascading parameters, and multi value parameters.
Involved in migrating Crystal Reports to SSRS reports.
Scheduled weekly and monthly reports.

Technologies: Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server 2008 R2 Integration Services, SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, Crystal Reports 8.0 and SQL Server 2008, Windows XP.

Employer: Smartsoft
Project: Henkel – Henkel, Düsseldorf, Germany August 2009 – July 2011
Sr. Software Engineer

Henkel holds globally leading market positions both in the consumer and industrial businesses with well-known brands such as Persil, Schwarzkopf and Loctite, spanning the entire value chain. Data was extracted from SQL Server and Flat Files, cleaned, transformed and loaded in a separated data base using SSIS. The enterprise data warehouse was built to implement a centralized data base that collects, organizes and stores data from different operational systems to provide a single source of integrated and historical data end user reporting. The various business patterns are analyzed according to product, company, branch, counter, promotion, customer, area, time, etc. The proposed data warehouse was well structured and strictly based on star schema.

Responsibilities:
Involved in data extraction, transformation and loading from source to target system using SQL Server 2005 Integration Service.
Created event handlers for packages using event handler tab for error handling.
Created transactions in packages to enable roll back in case of package failure.
Created configurations to change the package properties dynamically.
Maintained log information in SQL table to track errors and record package execution status.
Involved in building and deployed packages to SQL server and Scheduling Packages.
Developed reports in Matrix, Table and Chart using SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services.
Designed reports like drill down, drill through, sub reports and parameterized reports.
Participated in developing reports using different SSRS functionalities like sort prompts, cascading. parameters, and multi value parameters.
Involved in migrating Crystal Reports to SSRS reports.
Scheduled weekly and monthly reports.

Technologies: SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2005 Integration Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services and Crystal Reports, Windows 2003 server

Employer: Smartsoft
Project: Ivision Solutions – Assurant Health, Mequon, WI October 2008 – July 2009
Software Engineer

Assurant Health is an insurance Company that provides Health Insurance. The main aim of the project is to find Various Premiums, Claim paid to the policyholder, Commission paid to the Agents and premium received from the policyholder. We can track the premium by channels, Marketing type and Location.

Responsibilities:
Involved in the ETL phase of the project.
As per requirements developed the reports in the form of Matrix, Table and Chart Using SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services.
Used Control Flow Tasks like For loop Container, Foreach Loop Container, Sequential Container, Execute SQL Task, Email Task and Data Flow Task.
Building and generating reports with the help of Report Builder in the Report manager.
Creating packages at SQL Server Integration Service platform.
Generated the Reports Weekly and Monthly basis as per the Client Requirement.

Technologies: SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2005 Integration Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services and Crystal Reports, Windows XP

Employer: Smartsoft
Project: Invicta Data Systems - SOFTMIS November 2007 – December 2008
Software Engineer

Software Project Management Information System (SoftMIS) is an integrated web-centered project management tool focused towards reducing the application gap between developers and clients. The site can be used by project managers, members and client users so that they could keep track and analyze all the processes taking place in the entire software development life cycle.

The system is divided into two parts namely internal project site and client project site. The internal project site enables managers to add new projects, leaders to add and edit modules and tasks, and allows members to save their work progress and send doubts and demands to client users. Through the client project site, the client users can view the progress of each module and respond to demands posted by development members. The client user can also ask/request some information to internal site users, for which the members and leaders can send reply.

Responsibilities:
Generated T-SQL stored procedures, triggers, functions, tables, views.
Test data preparation for DEV and QA environments.
Generated reports using the Report Wizard and Report Server.
Migrated Crystal reports to SSRS Reports.
Involved in migration of DTS Packages (2000) to SSIS (2005).
Participated in data extraction, transformation and loading from source to target system.
Troubleshoot migration issues.

Technologies: SQL Server 2000, SQL Server 2005, SQL Server Reporting Services 2005, SQL Server integration services 2005,Crystal Reports, Windows 2003 server.
Contact this candidate