MANVENDRA SINGH
SENIOR DATA ANALYST
D E T A I L S
ADDRESS
***** ***** **
Broomfield, 80023
United States
PHONE
720-***-****
EMAIL
ad786j@r.postjobfree.com
S K I L L S
Tableau
SQL
Microsoft Excel
Python
Google Analytics
Microsoft Power BI
Adobe Analytics
Sales Force Development
P R O F I L E
A detail-oriented professional with extensive experience in big data analytics, business intelligence, creating interactive dashboards, and data management. Well-versed in using top tools to glean insights that drive profits and fuel business growth. Excels at translating large volumes of complex data from diverse qualitative and qualitative sources into comprehensive dashboards, reports, and summaries. E M P L O Y M E N T H I S T O R Y
Senior Lead Marketing Analyst, Lumen Denver
Apr 2019 — Feb 2024
• Translated requirements into reporting deliverables promptly by creating Tableau stories utilizing SQL, Adobe Analytics, SalesForce, Excel, and other data sources.
• Worked closely with the Product Marketing and e-commerce teams for the development of reports and other ad-hoc requests.
• Delivered high-quality analyses with informed insights and recommendations to increase efficiency and effectiveness.
• Participate in evaluating new technologies so as to insure the advancement of technology architecture within the organization.
Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, Euronet Inc Denver May 2015 — Mar 2019
• Utilized B.I. tools such as Tableau, Adobe Analytics, SQL, GA and others to communicate business insights and identified potential customers using predictive analysis.
• Created and curated customized dashboards to highlight business intelligence trends and patterns that increased KPIs.
• Produced data-driven analysis and recommendations that increased ROI 32% YoY for digital marketing programs.
• Defined measurement plans for the internal teams, created and presented recommendations that increased revenue 18% YoY.
Marketing and Operations Analyst, IDMission Boulder Jun 2011 — Apr 2015
• Cross-worked with all departments to execute business goals and reported on marketing KPIs like leads, conversion rates, website traffic and social media engagement
• Collected market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research and creating attribution models.
• Analyzed sales funnels and customer intent by measuring ROI of online and offline advertising campaigns.
E D U C A T I O N
Economics, University of Colorado Boulder
2006 — 2010
Contact this candidate