Work Experience
Health Quality Data Analyst November 2021 to July 2023
KFMC – Health Improvement Partners Topeka, KS
oMember of the External Quality Review Organization (EQRO) Team. Primarily responsible for analytic/statistical functions in support of health care program evaluation
oServe as data analytic lead to project teams, conducting/coordinating analytic activities (e.g., data cleaning, data comparisons, statistical testing, trending, geographical mapping, etc.), thorough process documentation, dissemination of valid information to stakeholders
oServe as the team lead, as assigned, for quality review projects (e.g., survey validation, network adequacy validation, performance improvement project validation).
oPerform analysis for Medicaid Selection of claims for review monthly
oEvaluate the statistical analysis of Performance Improvement Plans in order to validate the report as submitted to the State of Kansas

Business Analyst November 2019 to November 2021
Scientific Games Topeka, KS
oProvide data analysis for organization responsible for running the Kansas Lottery
oProvide ad hoc analyses for stakeholders regarding daily sales and sales related to promotions in Lottery Games
oCreate and maintain dashboards for Kansas Lottery Staff in Tableau
oTroubleshoot problems related to vending machines for lottery tickets
oUtilize three disparate data warehouses to integrate data to fulfill all reporting needs

Research Analyst IV June 2016 to November 2019
Kansas Department of Corrections Topeka, KS
oUpon starting the position, I realized that all queries and calculations for monthly reports published online contained errors, leading to mis-reported data. Worked with Applications Development staff to correct this leading to the first accurate reports published for several years
oBuilt rapport with Judicial Districts around the state to provide accurate data for their individual district’s reporting needs
oCreated and maintained all data visualization dashboards for Juvenile Services using iDashboards
oProvided training/support to all personnel involved in creating/maintaining data visualization dashboards
oWorked in cooperation with Dept. of Children and Family on reporting within the Foster Care program
oCreated/maintained documentation for all Crystal Reports distributed with SAP Business Object/Business Intelligence and provided training/support for others creating reports
oCompiled all information and analysis related to Annual Fiscal Reports for KS Dept. of Corrections

Tutor November 2014 to present
Wyzant Overland Park, KS
oProvide one-on-one tutoring to students primarily in statistics. Worked with statistic students at levels from high school to Ph. D. level coursework, including counseling psychology, medical statistics and institutional research at masters and doctoral levels
oQualified also to tutor SPSS, reading, writing, grammar and vocabulary

Data Analyst November 2014 to October 2015
Veracity Consulting, Inc Lenexa, KS
oContracted to Federal Acquisition Services of General Services Administration for Federal Government
oAnalyzed spend and savings of Federal Agencies with the MRO category management of GSAdvantage
oProvide regular reports from contracted vendors’ databases in MSAccess and MSExcel for monthly reports
oProvide all ad hoc requests for data as needed and monthly fiscal tracking reports

Database Analyst February 2013 to June 2013
Randstad Technologies Overland Park, KS
oContracted to PGi helping update their sales database in Salesforce
oWorked with Hoovers to ensure correct connections between parent/child companies

Knowledge Analyst December 2012 to October 2013
WDS, a Xerox Company Overland Park, KS
oGathered and analyzed data from Sprint’s care channel to detect trends that will be addressed to enhance Sprint’s customer experience
oInvestigate self-care channel to determine if the content needed by Sprint’s customers is available in order to determine which calls can be transitioned from call centers into self-care and retail channels
oPresent findings and share research with colleagues

Data Analyst August 2012 to December 2012
Cerner Corporation Kansas City, MO
oPrepare data visualization requirements for healthcare providers to analyze and compile data from large databases to submit to incentive programs, such as Accountable Care Organizations, Meaningful Use, Core Measures and Get with the Guidelines
oWrite data visualization requirements for electronic health record dashboards to provide real time reports for programs including Accountable Care, Meaningful Use, Core Measures and Get with the Guidelines

Data Analytics Specialist February 2012 to June 2012
Adaptive Solutions Group Kansas City, MO
oWrite SQL queries to analyze large vendor and payment files to prevent improper payments and to detect fraud
oTrain all Data Analytic Specialists and Business Analysts in basic statistics for common analyses
oParticipate in all on-boarding projects for several government agencies, including participating in conference calls with government agencies in preparation for their participation in the program, providing feedback to agencies via conference calls and Live Meetings to presenting findings from analyses of their files and answering questions
oProvide ad hoc reports and analyses comparing validity of sources
oParticipate in Data Acquisition activities to support improvement of sources for the program
Marketing Research Specialist September 2010 through February 2012
American Academy of Family Physicians Leawood, KS
oPrepare survey instruments for online data collection using Perseus (Vovici) software and Novi software
oPrepare survey instruments and cover letters for printing in MS Word
oCreate sampling designs to insure adequate sample for statistical significance and actionable results
oCoordinate printing and mailing with Digital Imaging, Mailing Services and Warehouse Services to insure all mail pieces include survey, cover letter, BRE and that mailing list is uploaded correctly
oUtilize SPSS to define data structure for each section of the evaluations. Merge speaker sessions into one database, keeping separate Q&A sessions and Activity sessions
oCreate custom tables in SPSS to summarize evaluations which include count, valid percents, mean and standard deviation
oMatch files from member census to primary and other secondary data sources for segmentation analysis
oUtilize SPSS to perform descriptive analysis, correlations and custom tables for report preparation for external and internal presentations
oCreated/moderated Marketing Research Online Community from organization members

Data Analyst/Scientist I - Data Analyst II June 2001 through May 2007
XenoTech, LLC Lenexa, KS
oPerformed training for all junior scientist on measures of central tendency, measure of dispersion, linear regression and weighted linear regression
oMaintained database in Excel of all data to ensure all products conformed to acceptance criteria
oUtilized SigmaStat (SPSS) to performed statistical analyses for presentations and reports including ANOVA and linear regression
oUtilized GraFit and DeltaGraph to provide graphic representation of data trends, induction graphs, bar charts and inhibition analyses such IC50 graphs
oPrepared reports on all products released for sale
oMaintained all templates for data processing purposes
oReviewed results for posters, presentations, and publications, including graphical representations to insure appropriate use and interpretation of statistical analyses
Computer Skills
MS Word MS Excel MicroSoft SQL Server MS Outlook
SPSS Power BI SAP Business Objects MS PowerPoint
MS Access Tableau Crystal Reports iDashboards
Education
Master of Arts, Sociology (emphasis in Methods and Statistics) University of Nebraska, Lincoln, NE
Bachelor of Arts, Sociology Doane University, Crete, NE
Associate of Arts Casper College, Casper, WY
Professional Training
Good Laboratory Practices XenoTech, LLC
Biostatistics for Oncology Researchers KU Medical School, Kansas City Cancer Institute - Biostatistics KU Continuing Educatio
Using Social Media for Customer Satisfaction Research webinar
Crystal Reports Writing, Level I and Level II Kansas Department of Transportation
SAS Level 1 and Level 2 SAS Institute
Research Projects
Periodic Review of the Clergy of the Lincoln Association of the United Church of Christ
oDesigned and executed appropriate research methodology, consisting of surveys and first-person interviews, to achieve the desired objective
oPresented actionable results to organization administrators
Comprehensive Study of Vine Congregational Church, U. C. C.
oDesigned and executed appropriate research methodology, consisting of mailed surveys, to achieve the desired objective
oPresented actionable findings to organization administrators

Abstracts, Publications, and Posters
Zell W. Woodworth, Landon Watkins, Terry D. Graves III, Brian D. Smith, Lisa A. Collins, I. Rochelle Riley, Amy E. Gipson, L. Anne Dwyer, Tiffin M. Ramsey, Kathleen M. Carroll, and Andrew Parkinson. (2004) Microsomes prepared from eluted enterocytes yield high cytochrome P450 and UGT activities that are stable over multiple freeze/thaw cycles. Drug Metabolism Reviews (ISSX Vancouver, Canada)

Daniel R. Mudra, Kathleen M. Carroll, Cory Johnson, Anne Dwyer, Andrew Parkinson. (2003) Effect of gender, age and ethnicity on human liver cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme activity and inducibility. Drug Metabolism Reviews (ISSX Vancouver, Canada)

Terry D. Graves II*, Zell W. Woodworth*, Stephanie A. Helmstetter, Lisa A. Collins, Clayton J. M. Otwell, Tiffini N. Hensley, L. Anne Dwyer, Tiffin M. Ramsey*, Jennifer A. Skibbe*, Oliver T. Parkinson*, Kathleen M. Carroll*, and Andrew Parkinson* (2005 ISSX Hawaii) Microsomes and S9 prepared from renal tissue yield high CYP, FMO and UGT activities that are stable over multiple freeze/thaw cycles

Zell Woodworth, L. Anne Dwyer, Lisa Collins, Terry Graves, Stephanie Helmstetter, Brian Ogilvie, Clayton Otwell, Chad Pope (2006 ISSX Puerto Rico) Kinetic constants and sample-to-sample variation in the rate of metabolism of two or more substrates for human liver microsomal CYP1A2, CYP2B6, CYP2C8, CYP2C9, AND CYP3A4
Lisa A. Collins, L. Anne Dwyer, Zell Woodworth, Tiffin Ramsey, Clayton Otwell, Chad Pope, Stephanie Helmstetter, Terry Graves, Josh Snyder, and Andrew Parkinson (2006 ISSX Puerto Rico) The effects of gender, age, and ethnicity on human cytochrome P450 activity.
Contact this candidate