NAGANANDHINI DHAMODARAN
BUSINESS ANALYST
Austin, Texas 512-***-**** ad7ch3@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin Github CAREER OBJECTIVE
Data enthusiast and driven professional with a postgraduate background in Data science and Business Analytics, seeking a Business analyst role to leverage expertise in statistical analysis, Data visualization, dashboards design and contribute to business solutions to drive informed decision-making.
Hands-on experience with Python programming using Python libraries like Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Scikit learn and proficient in analytical tools such as SQL, Tableau, Microsoft Excel and Power BI.
Team player, problem solver, story teller with excellent written, verbal communication skills and interpersonal skills.
Mentored graduate students by providing guidance and feedback on their projects. FUNCTIONAL SKILLS:
Business Analytics Data Modeling Dashboard design Requirement gathering Project Management Technical Writing Inventory control
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages : Python, HTML
Databases : SQL Server
Tools : AWS S3, Jupyter, Tableau, Power BI, Version control. Statistical Modelling Techniques : Hypothesis Testing (A/B) Testing, ANOVA, Multivariate Analysis, EDA, frequent statistics, Bayesian statistics, forecasting, optimization, casual Inference. Machine Learning Algorithms : Classification, Regression (Linear, Logistic, Lasso, Ridge), Clustering, Decision Tree, Bagging
& Boosting (Adaboost, Gradient Boost, XGBoost), Random Forest, Neural Network, K-nearest neighbors, Principal component analysis, Feature Engineering, Ensemble Learning, Model Tuning, Natural Language processing, computer vision, Scikitlearn, SKlearn, Numpy, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib and lifelines. PROJECTS
Data Science Projects (UT Austin)
Linear Regression – Dynamic Pricing Model- Retail
Analyzed dataset, built a linear regression model for resale price and identified key factors that significantly reduced-price prediction
The model is able to explain 84% variation in the data and within 4.6% of the normalized used price on the test data. Predictive Modeling & Logistic Regression – Factors influencing Hotel Cancellations
Built a Predictive model that can predict factors that have a high influence on booking cancellations and help in formulating profitable policies for cancellation and refunds.
Using Logistic Regression, Decision Tree, Pruning, Data Preprocessing, Exploratory Data Analysis and Data visualization. Business Statistics – A/B Testing – Website Optimization
Used A/B testing to identify the effectiveness of the new landing of an online news portal.
Tested statistical hypothesis and determined which user groups (control/ treatment) activities were statistically relevant to customer conversion rate. Compared user activities of preferred language and time spent on page.
The new landing page increased the conversion rate from 43% to 67%. Clustering: Stock Market risk Analysis
Analyzed Stock data for 340 companies, grouped the stock into 5 clusters based on 15 attributes using both K-Means and Hierarchical clustering analysis techniques.
Identified similar and dissimilar characteristics within attribute data points (price, volatility, industry sector, and typical financial indicators by performing EDA, scaling the data and correlation features.
Chose the optimal number of groups, compared the results of both and shared insights about the characteristics of each group which helped develop a optimized portfolio for clients with custom risk return profiles. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Data Analyst, PSG Builders and Developers LLC Nov 2022 - Mar 2023 Austin, Texas, USA
• Collected, aggregated, and input data into the property database, ensuring data accuracy and completeness
• Generated and analyzed Tableau reports, leading to a 20% improvement in business decision-making efficiency.
• Assisted the Manager in various projects by using data visualization and programming skills, enhancing project outcomes and efficiency
EDUCATION
MCCombs School of Business, University of Texas, Austin, Texas, USA Post Graduate Program in Data Science and Business Analytics (DSBA) (Grade 4.33)
Thiagarajar College of Engineering, India
Bachelors in Civil Engineering (CGPA – 9.2)
CERTIFICATIONS & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:
• Introduction to Artificial Intelligence (AI) certification from Great Learning
• Artificial Intelligence (AI) on Cloud certification from Great Learning
• Certified EIT and EIT NO.65942
• Volunteered as mentor in UT Austin, Texas (Fall-2019) ACHIEVEMENT HIGHLIGHTS
• Honored with Academic Excellence award for Post Graduate DSBA program.
• Received VSL Best Engineer award for FY2014 Q2.
• Received VSL ‘Numero Uno’ award under Innovator category for the FY15 Q4.
Contact this candidate