RAAKESH M
Data Scientist AI-ML
+91-936******* ad7co8@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/raakesh-muthuvel Karur, Tamilnadu
SUMMARY
I’m extremely passionate about data driven insights that solve real-time business challenges. I have hands on experience working with various data types & implementing data techniques such as EDA, Machine Learning models & Data Visualization. I go over and above in every project to make sure maximum efficiency & accuracy are achieved.
EXPERIENCE
Associate Developer
UST Global
09/2019 - 06/2022 Trivandrum, Kerala
Software Technology based company driven by Data Insights. [Saas] Project management for Data Analysis and Data Presentation in Applications.
Data Management, validation and Machine Learning implementation on the prescribed model for testing.
Handled all stakeholder communications including refining requirements, project management and ensuring on-time delivery. Data Analyst (Computer Vision Developer)
Artivatic.ai
10/2022 - 03/2023 Bengaluru, Karnataka
Financial Technology company under Renewbuy which works on the insurance,mediclaim and income data. [Saas and Paas] Project lead and Data Validation in ABSLI, AUSIS projects. Data driven insights for software performance analysis Conducted statistical analysis on large datasets using Python, identifying key trends and patterns that informed strategic business decisions . Researched a model to work on the handwritten data and compared with the paddle, paddle-craft, paddle-craft + ocr models to check for the accuracy of data identification
EDUCATION
B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Amrita School of Engineering, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Coimbatore
06/2014 - 04/2019
M.Tech in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Amrita School of Engineering, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Coimbatore
06/2019 - 08/2021
TECH STACK
Python based Data science applications
Machine Learning
Data Management and validation
EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis) And
Preprocessing
Data Visualization Big Data Analytics
Cloud Data Analytics
NLP and Image Processing
Object Detection and Comparison
MS (Word,Excel, PowerPoint)
KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Computation Of Income analysis on the
financial documents and Machine Learning
Implementation.
Data estimation and comparison with the other
submitted Data to confirm the true data. ML
Implementation and Data Optimisation for the
efficiency improvement of the model by 50%.
Data Validation of the image data for
Healthcare
Data segregation into handwritten and digital
prints. The data was medical bills and it was
compared with the insurance data for the bills
and the claims were compared, optimization was
done on the model improving the accuracy of
prediction to 87%.
STRENGTHS
Learning and Adapting to Situations
With Experience and help from peer group
Solving complex problems
Boosting client acquisition by 50%
improving Production environment
www.enhancv.com Powered by
E q

•
•
•
•
•
•
Contact this candidate