Summary
AADISH RAKESH NEWREKAR
Data Analyst
Tempe, AZ 85281 +1-480-***-**** ad7c5h@r.postjobfree.com
Having 3+ years of experience as a Data Analyst with an understanding of Data Modeling, Evaluating Data Sources, and understanding of Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, and Client/Server applications.
Proficient in designing stunning visualizations using Tableau and Power BI software and publishing and presenting dashboards, and Storyline on web and desktop platforms.
Strong understanding of Data Modeling (Relational, dimensional, Data analysis, implementations of Data warehousing using Windows.
Leveraged AWS for cloud-based data storage and processing, optimizing resource utilization and reducing infrastructure costs by 20%.
Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL queries on various source systems including SQL Server.
Utilized machine learning libraries such as Scikit-learn to develop predictive models, improving forecasting accuracy by 25%. Experience
Strykar, Tempe, AZ Aug 2023 – Present Data Analyst
Involving requirements gathering, analysis, design, development, and testing production of an application using the agile model.
Work on optimizing inventory turnover, reducing carrying costs, and ensuring stock availability by analyzing inventory data.
Develop a manager dashboard of call center metrics and KPIs to analyze the team performance using Tableau.
Managed and exceeded monthly sales targets, consistently achieving a 10% increase in revenue year-over-year.
Led a team of sales associates, providing guidance, setting performance goals, and conducting regular performance evaluations.
Utilized historical data and trend analysis within Salesforce to support sales forecasting and pipeline management.
Generate reports and dashboards using SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), providing stakeholders with valuable data insights.
Outstanding data analysis skills including data extraction from MS SQL database, data mapping from source to target schemas, and data cleansing and preparation.
Developed and maintained data pipelines, resulting in a 25% improvement in data processing efficiency.
Manage data warehousing solutions using Amazon Redshift, enabling fast query performance and data analysis. Hexaware Technologies, India Sep 2019 – Jul 2022 Jr. Data Analyst
Used Waterfall life cycle Methodology for Iterative development and Rapid delivery of the product.
Developed programs with manipulated arrays using packages such as NumPy, Matplotlib, Pandas, and Python.
Embedded Power BI reports to internal Portal to manage access of reports and data for the individual user based on roles.
Leveraged Data Lake Storage and GCP Cloud Storage for storing structured and unstructured data, ensuring data availability for analysis.
Utilized Python and SQL to clean, analyze, and visualize large datasets, resulting in a 25% increase in data accuracy.
Utilized Python and SQL for data cleaning, transformation, and manipulation, resulting in a 15% reduction in data processing time.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data using SQL Server Reporting Services.

Skills
Methodologies: SDLC, Agile, Waterfall
Language: Python, R, SQL
IDEs: Visual Studio Code, Jupyter Notebook
Packages: NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, SciPy, ggplot2, Seaborn, TensorFlow, Minitab Visualization Tools: Tableau, Power BI, Microsoft Excel [Pivot, VLOOKUP, Data Analysis] Cloud Technologies: AWS, Azure, GCP
ETL Tools: ETL (SSIS), SSRS, MS Office
Database: MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, T-SQL
Analytics Skills: Data Warehousing, Data Cleaning, Data Visualization, Data Integrity, Data Warehouse, Data Pipelines
Operating System: Windows, Linux
Education
Master of Science in Information Systems Management Arizona State University, Tempe, AZ Bachelors of Electronics & Telecommunication Mumbai University, Mumbai, India Developed data wrangling through data gathering and querying process over SQL and implemented data cleaning process with Python.
Contact this candidate