G. Priya darshini
Email: ad7d1i@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-805*******
www.linkedin.com/in/priya-darshini-01a00a139
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a challenging position as a Data analyst where I can utilize my skills and knowledge in data science and machine learning to contribute to the growth of the organization. Fresher looking for an organization where I can enhance my knowledge and to obtain challenging position that gives me the opportunity for self-improvement and leadership, while contributing to the symbolic growth of the organization with my technical, innovative and logical skills. EDUCATION
Masters of Business Administration – Business Analytics
(2021-2023)
CGPA 8.6
VISTAS, Pallavaram Chennai
Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Science and Technology
(2015-2019)
CGPA 7
Madras Institute of Technology
INTERNSHIPS
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING USING PYTHON Analytics (APR 2022-MAY 2022)
From YBI FOUNDATIONS
Spearheaded data analysis using cutting-edge libraries such as NumPy, pandas, scikit- learn, and TensorFlow, enabling the development of a deep learning model that achieved 90% accuracy in predicting customer churn, resulting in a 20% reduction in attrition.
Implemented exploratory data analysis (EDA) techniques using NumPy, pandas, scikit- learn, and TensorFlow, uncovering key insights that led to a 15% increase in customer retention and boosted revenue by $500k annually.
Successfully implemented machine learning algorithms such as linear regression, decision trees, random forests, and support vector machines. Provide hands-on experience in implementing these algorithms in Python.
Worked on machine learning models, including metrics like accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score.
-- To analyses and predict bank churn model using support vector machine.
--To analyses and predict car depreciation using linear regression.
--To analyze and predict the spending score of a set of people using clustering algorithm.
DASHBOARD CREATION USING FINANCIAL DATA OF ROTARY CLUB KG DATA SOLUTIONS- Business Analytics
(JAN 2023 – APR 2023)
During the intern period, worked on the analysis of Rotary club funding and expenses contribution.
Creating a dashboard in tableau helped in identifying Trends, Project impact and Progress, Financial statement and Fundraising progress, Event Planning, Community Metrics, collaborating tools, Goal Tracking, Feedbacks etc.
Took the initiative to maintain detailed financial records and report on their income and expenses, especially when applying for grants or accepting donations from Rotary International or other organizations.
KPMG (FORAGE)
Data Analytics
(FEB 2023-FEB 2023)
Assessing Data quality and completeness.
Took an initiative to understand the structure of the dataset. Followed by data scrubbing by correcting the errors in the dataset and removing the duplicate values and validating the data to verify the accuracy of the data.
Targeting high-value customers based on demographics and attributes. Analyzed attributes like Income, location, purchase history of the customer, product preferences.
Segmented the customer based on the demographics and attributes using K-means clustering algorithm to identify high- valued customer.
Presenting insights with visualizations.
Performed predictive modelling analysis to forecast high-valued customer for the future. To each high-valued customer marketing strategy was tuned to leverage the insights gained from the analysis. A/B testing was used to assess the effectiveness of different strategies.
Reporting and visualization
Reports were created with the findings and the impact of the strategies to the stakeholder. Dashboards were created for ease and future reference. The result on Targeting strategies-based feedback, performance data and changing customer behaviors.
PROJECTS
Dashboard creation using financial data of rotary club with reference to KG Data solutions. (01/2023 - 04/2023)
Using Machine learning algorithm, the funding expenses was determined.
Sales Performance and Growth prediction of star hotels (03/2022 - 03/2022) Using R-language descriptive and Statistical analysis is performed. Led time series analysis to effectively model and forecast time-dependent patterns, enabling accurate predictions and informed decision-making. Conducted descriptive analysis to gain initial insights into the data, identifying key trends and patterns, this analysis served as the foundation for subsequent time series analysis and modeling of time-dependent patterns.
Decision support system-Machine Learning (01/2015 - 04/2015) Anomalous detection of time series data in health care System. LSTM is trained on the labelled dataset, to capture patterns and relationship with the series data. Anomalies are found and threshold is set that intimates the provider or the consent person in real-time.
TECHNICAL SKILLS & INTEREST
*Python *Machine Leaning *Mysql *SPSS *IBM-Cognos
*R-Language *Tableau *Power-bi *Data Analytics *Data Science
*Data Modelling *Data visualization *Story-telling *Communication CERTFICATIONS
Machine Learning 101 - Guvi IITM (01/2023 - 01/2023) Guvi IITM
Data Visualization using Python (05/2022 - 05/2022) Cognitive class.ai (IBM)
Data Visualization with R (01/2021 - 01/2021)
Cognitive class.ai (IBM)
Data Visualization using power-bi (11/2021 - 11/2021) Great Learning
Data Visualization using Tableau (11/2021 - 11/2021) Great Learning
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I hear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. PRIYA DARSHINI
CHENNAI
Contact this candidate