MAGHESWARI BALASUBRAMANIAN
DATA ANALYST

Email: ad7fx3@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 908-***-****
Edison, NJ, 08820
www.linkedin.com/in/magheswarib

SUMMARY:
Over 7 years of experience working as Data Analyst, Financial Analyst and Business Analyst. Experience in transforming business requirements into actionable data models, working in a variety of industries like Finance, Banking, Media, Telecom, Retail and Pharmaceutical. Highly skilled in data analysis, data visualization, data cleaning and Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) tools.
Experience of working on SQL, R, and MYSQL.
Extensive experience in creating summaries, reports and dashboards using MS Power BI, Tableau for clear and concise information for stakeholder decision support.
Proficient in creating Stored Procedures, Views, Triggers, User-defined functions, cursors, derived tables, Common Table Expressions (CTEs), and complex queries on Microsoft SQL Server (SSMS) and performance optimizing the queries.
Formed various measures and calculated fields in Power BI and Tableau to answer business questions. Experience working on Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, MS Excel, and VBA.
Experience in developing technical documentations, visualizations, and providing data insight and impact to drive strategic decision-making.
Implemented SQL to gather, clean, analyze and summarize large data sets and derived insights from large amounts of diverse customer datasets.
Assist internal and external stakeholders with data request, data reporting, and data validation. Worked closely with the clients to understand business requirements and transfer them from high level requirements to business requirements with strong story-telling and communication skills.
Responsible for certain aspects of the month-end closing process which may include but is not limited to, preparing and recording journal entries, reconciling balance sheet accounts, investigating of issues and recommending appropriate adjustments, variance analysis, and analysis of financial information.
Responsible for analyzing and reporting on financial data.

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE:
Employer: GuruSchools LLC. Somerset NJ Dec 2023 - Present
Role: Data Analyst/Business Analyst
GuruSchools LLC. is one of the leading IT consulting and outsourcing partners, offering services to Fortune 500 companies in Banking, Finance, Biotechnology, Healthcare, Retail, Media, Oil & Gas, Energy, Utility, Aviation, Pharma, Automotive, Insurance, Telecom, Federal Govt., Real Estate Services, and various other Domains.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client: Sun Pharmaceutical (Princeton, NJ) Dec 2023 – Current
Role: Data Analyst
Description: Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited is an Indian multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai, that manufactures and sells pharmaceutical formulations and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) in more than 100 countries across the globe. It is the largest pharmaceutical company in India and the fourth largest specialty generic pharmaceutical company in the world.
Project: This role is responsible for overseeing the company’s supply chains, ensuring timely delivery and keeping the company on budget. Work with the procurement, logistics and IT departments to enhance service delivery.
Responsibilities:
Worked closely as a team player to develop and design best in class databases for valuation of Pharmaceutical industry.
Manage project team meetings using SharePoint calendars. Participate in writing and filing appropriate FDA premarket submissions.
Develop and implement data management monthly/quarterly goal reports and QC procedures to support them.
Analyze office administration support for analysts supporting various projects to identify efficiency opportunities to prototype and write report of analysis findings.
Analyze pharmaceutical datasets to identify patterns, trends, and insights that drive decision-making.
Ensure accuracy of pharmaceutical data by implementing delivery rigorous validation and quality control processes.
Assist in the design and development of data systems and processes.
Deliver regular reports in Power BI to senior management on data trends and changes.
Mapped current business and operational processes and recommended areas for improvement.

Client: Ajax Media Tech (Chennai, India) Dec 2022– Nov 2023
Role: Data Analyst/Business Analyst
Description: Ajax Media Tech is one of the leading IT consulting and outsourcing partners offering services include VFX & Post Production, Animation, Games, VR & AR, Edutainment, Training solutions, Digital Marketing, Hospital Management, Insurance, Telecom, State Govt, Real Estate Services, various other Domains & E- publishing.
Project: .The work focused on interprets data and identify trends for business insights, also coordinate with cross-functional teams to extract raw data and transform it into actionable insights for management. Administer regular product updates, customizing systems with project specifications. Identify and analyze functional team requirements, drafting functional and technical request documents, including gap analysis, develop reports and testing. Execute analysis, planning, and testing strategies in collaboration with cloud migration team.
Responsibilities:
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs. Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Organize and participate in weekly ad-hoc meetings with the functional teams.
Conducted comprehensive gap analysis, coding, and testing, suggesting appropriate improvement actions and spearheaded multiple projects within production environment, adhering to quality requirements.
Scrutinized specs and deployed changes accordingly into production environment.
Client: British Telecom (Chennai, India) Jan 2022 – Nov 2022
Role: Lead Business Data Analyst
Description: The British Telecommunications project involves migrations of customers using the Broadband, mobile services in UK region from the legacy stack to newly updated Stack. It is the largest provider of fixed-line, broadband and mobile services in the UK, and also provides subscription television and IT services.
Project: The work focused on collecting data from different network entity and processes it through all nodes to the telecom billing cycle. It also separates prepaid and postpaid mobile services and enables separate subscription studio.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for participating in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) phases of the IT Project Delivery
Process and worked with internal stakeholder to support the project charter and satisfy the product requirements using Agile methodology.
Collaborated with stakeholders including business users, Project Managers, and Development teams to elicit documents, and analyze business. Conducted JAD sessions with management, SME (Subject Matter Expertise), vendors, users, and other stakeholders for open and pending issues to develop specifications.
Created mock-ups and UML diagrams such as Activity flow diagrams, process flow diagrams and data flow diagrams using MS Visio before each sprint for smooth development and testing.
Developed an overall project plan and implementation schedule through consultations with project team, management, employees, and external consultants. Created project artifacts such as user stories, sprint backlogs, epics, functional as well as non-functional requirements and process maps.
Possess ability to communicate thoughts, concepts, and practices effectively at all levels, adjusting as needed to a target audience.
Generated graphs from existing data extracting data using SQL into Excel files and reviewed with business users and stakeholders.
Actively took part in collaboration with cross-functional multi-team environment to develop strategies, reduce bottlenecks, and improve process to achieve business goals that boosted conversions.
Prepared BRD’s (Business Requirement Documents) supporting documents containing the essential business elements, detailed definitions, and descriptions of the relationships between the actors to analyze and document business data requirements.
Planned and defined system requirements to Use Case, Use Case Scenario and Use Case Narrative using the UML (Unified Modeling Language) methodologies.
Conducted functional walkthroughs, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) sessions, and supervised the development of User.

Client: Newgen Software Technologies Ltd., (Chennai, India) Aug 2020 - Dec 2021
Role: Data Analyst/Business Analyst
Description: Newgen Software Technologies is a global software Company and is engaged in the business of software product development including designing and delivering end-to-end software solutions covering the entire spectrum of software services from workflow automation to Document management to imaging.
Project: Performance Food Group (PFG) is an American company headquartered in Goochland County, Virginia and distributes a range of food products. Created process and check lists for Report Creation and Forms Standardization for a newly acquired region to distribute food products which started to function as a separate operating company. Was involved in the purchasing Department for forecasting the order based on the history of order. Purchase order, Goods Receipt, Warehouse management, Invoicing and Payment processes were documented & analyzed.
Responsibilities:
●Analyzed massive data from multiple sources, consulted on checking and standardization with product departments and analytic teams to discuss the metrics for gathering data and the database structures.
●Analyzed and manipulated data using SQL.
●Provided expertise and translated the business needs to design.
●Developed tools, techniques, metrics, and dashboards for insights and data visualizations using Tableau
●Communicated with departments on the features and dimensions of the data needed, and worked with technological teams for solutions to improve internal data gathering systems and databases
●Worked closely with business team, designers, and software developers to understand application functionality and navigational flow.
●Closely worked with the Data Science team to develop and optimize database systems and data processes.
Client: HDFC Bank, (Chennai, India) Sep2018 - Aug 2020
Role: Junior Data Analyst
Description: HDFC Bank Limited is an Indian banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai. It is India's largest private sector bank by assets and the world's tenth-largest bank by market capitalization. The bank has its IT department to support the financial services includes access to investment and corporate banking. I worked on several projects, to name a few Assets information management system, Collateral Management, and Equity universe.
Project: The project mainly focused on maintaining the Collateral Management, each customer has a collateral agreement on certain mutual transactions. The project was that the system provides the interface to enter collateral data, master data of collateral descriptions and types. It maintains customer, collateral, and credit account relationships so the amount of collateral can be determined. In HDFC Bank they are making some agreements based on financial evaluation, for that they need to follow a certain set of business logic.
Responsibilities:
●Generates provider data reports and analyzes to support internal client needs including network management, sales, account management, and other key functions.
●Analyzed customer datasets with SQL from the previous year sources using different data analysis technologies to calculate the structure of customer compositions and features correlated to insurance loss.
●Implemented MS Excel and Tableau to generate detailed dashboards from different complicated databases for the profit and potential loss for the project.
●Performed document analysis involving creation of Use Cases and Use Case narratives and use case diagrams using Microsoft Visio, to present the efficiency of the gathered requirements. Defined frameworks for the application development and analyzed the areas of improvement.
●Analyzed the security implementation of the application with respect to user’s perspective.
●Participated in back-end testing on the database by running stored procedures using SQL queries to verify data conversion and data repetition.
●Worked closely with Business analysts and Developers in understanding the business and functional requirements of the application.
●Data cleaning using Excel by removing duplicate observations from the dataset, fixing date format, handling missing values, outlier detection etc.
●Used statistical tools to identify, analyze, and interpret patterns and trends in complex data sets that could be helpful for the diagnosis and prediction.
Client: VIJAYA Bank (Chennai, India) Sep 2017 – Aug 2018

Role: Financial Analyst

Description: Vijaya Bank with its head office in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was one of the nationalized banks in India. The bank offered a wide range of financial products and services to customers through its various delivery channels.
Project: The project aims to enhance the efficiency and accuracy of financial reporting and analysis by implementing a more streamlined workflow. It will focus on daily report analysis, AP/AR reconciliation, and invoice auditing and processing, and comprehensive MIS report preparation.

Responsibilities:
•Analysis of financial statements and balance sheets.
•Prepare, monitor, analyze and distribute daily reports.
•Reconcile AP/AR, General Ledger, and bank statements, researching & correcting discrepancies
•Checking inbound client documents for accuracy, notating all activities on the account, and submitting accurate forms for final processing to the service center.
•Audit and process invoices assembles document and/or data for various types of job-related analysis
documents to be input into the Client Service System
•Preparing & Analyzing MIS report at the end of the month & submit it to Top Management.
•Created a safe environment by conducting daily internal audits, monthly audits & yearly audits
•Provide timely resolution to customer's questions and disputes

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
●BI Tools: Tableau, Power BI
●Databases: MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle
●Reporting Tools: MS Office (Word/Excel/PowerPoint), Tableau
●Operating System: Windows

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION
•Master of Science.
•Bachelor of Science
•Diploma certificate in Data Analysis
•Post Graduate diploma in computer Application
•Attended various webinars, seminars in Data Analysis, Business Analysis as a part of continuous education.
Contact this candidate