Angel Prisciliano
DATA ANALYST
Aubrey Texas ****7
ad7gv1@r.postjobfree.com
+1-214-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experience working as Data and Reporting Analyst. Expertise in data visualization and dashboards in Excel and Tableau, for data reporting by using pivot tables and vlookups. Expertise in analyzing data, SQL Queries, SQL Statements, understanding of Data Models, RDBM, Text Files and CSV Files, Data Governance, Compliance, Telcom Banking, and financing, Business System Analysts/Consultant (SDLC process), Data analysis Meeting facilitator, Processing and cleaning data, Reorganizing and modeling data, Data Dictionary, Data Quality Control Assessment, Experience in Information Technology and Data Management, A clear understanding of metadata concepts including technical/business content and data lineage, A clear understanding of data quality concepts including familiarity with data quality dimensions.
Perform data visualization by creating dashboards in Tableau, for monthly reports. Experience updating and reviewing tickets, in the help desk or support environment. Experience in preparing detailed documents and reports while managing complex internal and external data analysis responsibilities.

EXPERIENCE

HCSC (Richardson, Texas) 08/22 to 01/23
Analytics & Reporting Consultant
responsible for creating business insights and analytics in support of the division, providing high-level consultation to users while leading cross-functional teams to address the divisions issues, designing and producing datasets and reports for analysis using system reporting tools, performing research and analyzing data related to the division's strategic initiatives and broader research needs, interfacing between the business and divisional data teams to design and generate tools to be leveraged in building analysis and reports which are actionable within the business environment, working closely with customers to build strategic relationships, and continuously gaining a deeper understanding of the division*s data in order to meet business needs, analyzing complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide strategic business insight to decision-makers, identifying and interpreting trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences.

* Provide subject matter expertise in the definition and usage of Enterprise Portfolio and IT Operations resource, financial, project delivery, and portfolio management policies, processes, systems (Clarity, PeopleSoft, B Flex), and data models.
* Maintain data extracts and produce standard reports requested, or perform queries providing analytics to PPM, EPMO, business, IT, Operating Committee, or BRC Jr.
* Support strategic planning and operational design.
* Partner regularly with the leadership of various levels across the enterprise.
* Perform Department/Division initiatives requiring intricate development of technical solutions utilizing Java, SQL, Focus, Teradata, Access, SAS, VB.ent Cognos, or ReportNet to analyze data or extract/mine data.
* Create accurate complex queries for data extracting/mining with PeopleSoft, Clarity, B-Flex, and other applications in support of Portfolio Prioritization and Management.
* Identify, analyze, and support process improvement efforts to reach divisional performance targets. Lead and facilitate, analyze, and/or document business processes to evaluate performance effectiveness and business impacts. Provide recommendations or solutions for assigned projects.

American Airlines (Dallas, Texas) 02/22-06/22
Data Discovery Analyst
As a part of the Asset Discovery team analyze the scan results of enterprise structured and unstructured data for purposes of data classification.
also serve as the Project Manager of the Data Discovery team, organizing the work structure and managing agile ceremonies.
delivering projects using Agile product management methodologies Analysis skills
Ability to interact with enterprise product teams, data analysts, and data governance teams for cross-functional efforts.

Wells Fargo Dallas Texas) 06/21-12/21
Data Domain Analyst
Develops and leads programs, and initiatives for data quality, governance, and metadata activities. Develops tools and processes used to maintain a common, firm-wide data standard. Analyzes, assesses, and tests data controls and data systems to ensure quality and risk compliance standards are met. May define strategic requirements, roadmap, or direction for metadata capabilities. Drive analysis and assessment approach during issue remediation life cycle. Supports and interacts with various functions and LOBs on multi-domain remediation efforts. Leverages domain expertise and data/business/process analysis to inform and support solution design using JIRA and collibra. May drive planning and coordination on low to medium-sized remediation efforts, acting as a central point of contact. May provide inputs into communication routines with stakeholders, business partners, and senior leaders.

SITIAPP (Barranquilla Colombia) 04/2020-06/2021
Business Data Analyst (Remotely)
Extract, interpret, and analyze data to identify problems and transform raw data into meaningful, actionable information.
Created reports and presentations for business needs utilizing tools such as Tableau, SQL, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Responsible for maintaining and enhancing operational reporting including new development in accordance with the best practices.
Validate the information in the database to identify performance problems, business logic errors, and data duplication.
Expert in Excel Create reports and spreadsheets, formulas, and macros pivots tables.

Secures Technologies (Carrollton Texas) 07/18-03/20
Reporting & Analysis Specialist II
units. Responsible for the preparation and distribution of various internal reports to the operational groups and ensuring that all Operation Leaders have the appropriate data and tools to run their business
Pull and manipulate data from Access, for data validation and create reports
Perform data visualization by creating dashboards in Tableau, for monthly reports, translate queries into visualizations, import data all sizes and ranges
Produce and maintain daily, weekly, monthly reporting for the Support and Technical Operations organization.
Create reports and presentation for business needs, utilizing tools such as SQL, Excel analysis tools (Pivot Tables) and Power Point.
Analyze contact center trends in trouble tickets, assignments, call platforms, and financial impacts.
Anticipate business needs, identify, and implement solutions.
Provide analysis projects and process enhancements regarding data to corporate partners as needed.
Experience updating and reviewing tickets, in a help desk or support environment
Recommend system and process enhancement related to team or business line procedures.
Provide input on new technologies
Experience with Salesforce.com
Create spreadsheets and formulas in excel for make the reports, and validate the data.

Alterra / Terminix (Plano, Texas) 01/15 – 06/18
Data Support Analyst
The primary duty was to maintain information integrity in the system.
Gathered data or run basic select queries, mainly in MYSQL, then export it to Excel to analyze with pivot tables and make dashboards.
Used Excel to manipulate data and clean data and export it to Notepad, and then run pre-written system macros to have an efficient database for end users.
Serviced existing account information by adding, deleting, and making changes in the system.
Informed management by submitting activities such as daily work reports, weekly work plans, and monthly analyses.
Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.

VSS Logistic (Carrollton Texas) 09/2008- 01/2015
Business Operation Analyst
The main function of this business operations specialist role is to perform business performance data analysis, identify key performance indicators (KPIs) and develop business dashboards. The business operations specialist reports to the Director of Product Management.
- Establish and maintain business dashboards (Tableau)
- Perform business data analysis (Excel)
- Updating smartphone roadmap slides on a weekly basis.
- Researching competitor smartphone news and sending a daily report.
- High-level sales data analysis and report creation
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science – System Engineer 08/1995
Instituto Tecnológico de Estudios Superiores de Orizaba Veracruz, México
- Establish and maintain business dashboards (Tableau)
- Perform business data analysis (Excel)
- Updating smartphone roadmap slides on a weekly basis.
- Researching competitor smartphone news and sending a daily report.
- High-level sales data analysis and report creation
Bachelor of Computer Science 03/2005
International Academic Credential Evaluation, INC

SQL Workshop 04/2016
Richland College

SKILLS
Tools:
SharePoint, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Tableau, Outlook

Experience in:
Analyzing data, SQL Server, MySQL, Queries, SQL Statements, Data Models, RDBMS. Text Files, CSV, and Data Visualization (Excel and Tableau).

Bachelor's Degree: Computer Science
Instituto Tecnologico de Orizaba Mexico
Contact this candidate