Pratik Navnath Kunjir
667-***-**** ● ad7gxb@r.postjobfree.com ●
www.linkedin.com/in/kunjirpratik ●
public.tableau.com/app/profile/pratik.kunjir
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Business Data Analyst, Zilosoft Inc., College Park, MD March 2024 - Current
● Conducted requirements gathering sessions, and facilitated regular stakeholder and SME meetings to gather, analyze, and document Business requirements(BRDs), ensuring these align with the KPIs, such as a 20% reduction in project rework
● Utilized SQL to analyze large PayPal credit datasets, creating interactive Tableau dashboards for real-time monitoring and decision-making. This led to a 15% improvement in real-time financial reporting accuracy and efficiency.
● Collaborated with engineering, product, and operations teams, communicated data findings to senior management, and tracked tasks using Jira, managed sprints, resulting in better ticket quality and improved project completion rate(25%).
● Implemented Control-M for automating data workflows, identified process improvements, and enhanced the data processing efficiency of the credit production team by 30%, focusing on financial data accuracy and timeliness. Business Analyst/ Product Owner, Veritas Technologies LLC, College Park, MD January 2023 - Feb 2024
● Headed cross-functional teams to translate business requirements into actionable insights within Gainsight (CRM Software).
● Managed release cycles, led a 6-developer team, conducted sprints, backlog grooming sections, improving ticket quality(Jira).
● Utilized Jira dashboard for reporting, reduced product backlog by 30%, and improved monthly release cycle efficiency by 20%.
● Oversaw Genesys Cloud deployment, integrated Workday, and Oracle Cloud to migrate 1000 agents from Cisco Premise.
● Independently delivered the project roadmap using Smartsheet while implementing Agile methodology. This proactive approach led to the seamless execution of multi-phase projects, establishing data tables supporting 100% of critical call flows. Business Analyst Intern, Veritas Technologies LLC, College Park, Maryland May 2022 - December 2022
● Initiated strategic replacement of global Renewal’s portal solution, including vendor assessment and implementation planning, optimizing operations, and saving $50,000+ in revenue.
● Worked with stakeholder groups and development teams to translate requirements into tasks, enhancing company sales.
● Employed SQL for data integration, mapping, and consolidation resulting in improved data accuracy and analysis efficiency.
● Managed user stories, defined acceptance criteria, improved backlog management, improving release cycle efficiency by 30%. Business Analyst, Reliance Jio, Mumbai, India July 2019– July 2021
● Led a 20-member Analytics team to successfully create JioMart, an e-commerce platform for Reliance Jio, overseeing project schedules, assessing associated risk, task assignments, progress monitoring, reporting (Power BI), and resource allocation.
● Collaborated with stakeholder groups, gathered requirements, managed sprints, tracked defects, resolved backlogs, and documented progress in Jira, driving 4M+ downloads in the first two months of launch.
● Chalked out the project plan(Microsoft Project), incorporating Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) to manage monthly releases.
● Facilitated rigorous System Integration Testing (SIT) conducted by the QA team during the Pilot phase deployment, ensuring the project's stability and functionality met the desired standards through the development of a robust application
● Implemented Continuous (CI), and Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelines using Azure DevOps to automate the deployment process, streamlining software delivery and ensuring rapid, reliable releases. ACADEMIC PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Consumer product selection system: Rental Properties August 2021 - December 2021
● Designed and implemented SQL queries to retrieve and manipulate property data, facilitating informed decision-making for students to enhance property search efficiency.
● Developed and deployed a relational database system, implementing Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML) operations to manage schema and manipulate data effectively.
● Optimized search processes by developing efficient SQL queries, enabling users to find relevant properties quickly and easily TECHNICAL SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS
● Core Skills: Agile Leader Certification, Product Owner Fundamentals Certification, Scrum Master fundamentals, Stakeholder analysis, Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills, Change Management, Risk Management
● Tools: Tableau, Google Analytics, Project Libre, Jira, Confluence, Power BI, MySQL, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel
● Cloud: Oracle Service Cloud, Microsoft Azure DevOps - CI/CD, IBM - Rational Asset Manager, AWS Fundamentals
● Programming: SQL, Python, R
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Information Systems, University of Maryland, Robert H. Smith School of Business - 3.7 GPA December 2022 Coursework: Project Management, Digital Business Markets, Management Information Systems, Business Process Analysis, Digital Transformation in Business, DBMS, Data Analysis using Python, Data Mining and predictive analytics, Data Visualization. B. Tech in Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering, Mumbai University June 2019 Awarded “Best Final Year Project “by the Institution of Electronics and Telecommunications Engineers (IETE), RAIT
Contact this candidate