Silvia A. Walford Data Analyst
ad7gty@r.postjobfree.com • linkedin.com/in/silvia-
walford-4007312b0/ 812-***-**** • Clearwater, FL 33760 A Professional with a Bachelor of Science in Data Analytics with experience processing and analyzing copious amounts of data has successfully developed and implemented various machine learning predictive models that yield actionable insights. With Expertise in SQL, Tableau, and Power BI, as well as proficiency in programming languages such as C+, Java, Python, and R. Fluent in Spanish and English, possess a solid statistical background, and have a passion for accuracy, timely reporting, and proactive problem-solving.
Areas of Expertise
Visualization (Tableau, PowerBI) Data Management and Security Data Scraping (XML, JSON, CSV)
Machine Learning (Python, Java) Data Scrubbing Data Query (SQL)
Descriptive and Predictive Analytics
(R, Excel)
Timely and Accurate Reporting Big Data (Hadoop)
Inventory Management
Professional Experience
Leviton – Compulink Cable Assemblies • St. Petersburg, FL • Apr - Jul 2023 Fiber and cabling Manufacturing Company
CUSTOMER PROJECT SPECIALIST I
Processed customer orders promptly and accurately using an order management system. Coordinated order fulfillment activities with the warehouse team. Maintained effective communication with internal teams for issue resolution. Proactively identified and addressed potential issues in order fulfillment. Medieval Collectibles • Princeton, IN • Aug 2020 - May 2021 E-commerce company dedicated to Medieval and Renaissance items. DATA SPECIALIST
Managed and updated website database, ensuring accuracy and efficiency. Entered and processed data using various tools and technologies. Conducted regular security backups and checks to maintain data integrity. Summarized data for standardized reports and supported other office duties.
SEARS Holdings Corporation - KMART• Jasper, IN • Ago - Dic 2018 Retail Company
FINANCIAL ASSISTANT
Processed and maintained all currency, ensuring accuracy in accounting records and transactions. Prepared and maintained financial documentation, including cash, deposits, and financial transaction reports. Generated, interpreted, and analyzed reports, contributing to effective financial decision-making. Conducted research for accounting-related activities, enhancing overall financial processes.
Walmart • Foothill Ranch, CA • Jul 2013- Feb 2014
Retail Company
CLAIM SUPERVISOR
Contributed to directing and managing the company’s loss prevention program. Prepared and processed defective/damaged merchandise and ultimately facilitated companies' reimbursement. Processed hazardous waste following company policies and procedures. Identified shrinkage and damages. Communicated and coordinated with suppliers and vendors and elaborated required inspections, documentation, and reports. Contributed to reaching company KPI and achieved the lowest shrink rate. SILVIA A. WALFORD
Page Two of Two
Leasing Total SAC • Lima, PE • Feb 2008 - Jan 2010 A micro finance company specializing in Factoring. FINANCIAL ASSISTANT
Updated and developed the company’s financial/economic model. Assisted in preparing classification reports, portfolios, bonds emission proposals, and risk assessments for the Superintendent of Banking and Insurance and other regulatory agencies. Performed financial evaluations for potential clients, including credit proposals and risk reports as needed. Education & Training
Bachelor of Science in Data Analytics
PURDUE GLOBAL UNIVERSITY West Lafayette, IN –Magna Cum Laude 2024 Associate of Science, Computer Programming
VINCENNES UNIVERSITY Vincennes, IN – Cum Laude 2017
Contact this candidate