YVON NSOUADI
Denver, CO *****
ad7gk4@r.postjobfree.com
+1-763-***-****
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Fire Watch
ADVANCED PROFESSIONAL SECURITY - Denver, CO
June 2023 to Present
• Be aware of the inherent hazard of the work site and hot work.
• Ensure that the safe conditions are maintained.
• Have the authority to stop hot work if unsafe conditions develop. Data Analyst (Volunteer)
Alzheimer’s Association - Denver, CO
January 2023 to Present
• Demonstrated ability with integrated CRM software systems.
• Demonstrated success in data entry.
• Familiar with Email, Google Drive, Calendar, and Microsoft office.
• Highly detail oriented with project management skills to take initiative and check own work for accuracy.
• Takes initiative to research and investigate missing data.
• Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
• Proactive and passionate about the mission of Alzheimer’s Association.
Security Officer
ACTS Security - Denver International Airport, CO
March 2023 to June 2023
● Control access to restricted areas of airport, only allowing access to authorized individuals
● Screen and log persons and/or vehicles accessing restricted areas
● Monitor and secure exit lanes from sterile area to public area of airport
● Patrol public areas of the terminal and respond to security breaches
● Patrol parking garages
● Monitoring and controlling curbside traffic
● Respond to incidents and emergencies
● Provide passenger assistance
Driver
Gate Gourmet - Denver CO
May 2022 to January 2023
Local Truck Drivers load equipment onto the truck.
● Drives the truck to the aircraft (Denver airport).
● Loads galleys according to customer guidelines (Denver
● airport).
All activities must be accomplished according to
● customer guidelines and while adhering to safety and sanitation regulations. Interact with the airline representatives at the aircraft
● (Denver airport)

2019 - 2022: Uber, lyft, grubhub Driver
• pick up and drop off customers
• Delivery Foods to the Customers.

Skills:
Computer Skills. Communication Skills. Leadership Skills. Organizational Skills. People Skills. Customer Service Skills. Collaboration Skills and Problem-Solving.

Languages:

● English : Speak and write fluently
● French: Speak and write fluently

Education
Associate in Mobile Applications
Bluegrass Community & Technical College - Lexington, KY, US January 2018 to May 2019
Contact this candidate