Sannihitha Reddy Vuchuru
Chicago, IL 623-***-**** ad7iuv@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/sannihitha-vuchuru SUMMARY
Passionate Data Analyst with 3 years of experience in software development, data analysis and management. Proficient in C, C++, Java, SQL, data structures and algorithms, with expertise in QlikView, Qlik Sense, and data visualization and reporting. Skilled in database management, SDLC, Testing and creating data-driven insights. Eager to bring technical expertise to an innovative, fast-growing company with my ability to collaborate effectively and solve complex problems. EDUCATION
Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, IL MAY 2024 Masters in Computer Science
CVR college of Engineering, Hyderabad MAY 2017
Bachelor of Technology in Electrical & Electronics SKILLS
Data Analysis Skills: Java, Python, SQL,Data Mining, Data Modelling, Visualization, Reporting Visualization Tools: QlikSense, QlikView, Qlik Nprinting, Microsoft Excel Web technologies: HTML, CSS, C, C++, Python, SQL
Database Management: MySQL,Hadoop,Spark,Hive
Development Methodologies: Agile, Scrum
Cloud technologies: Microsoft Azure (SaSS), AWS- EC2, EBS, RDS, S3 Other Skills: Core Java, Java script, reactjs, GitHub, UAT, Docker, CI/CD, MS office WORK AND PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Programmer Analyst (JULY 2019 – JULY 2022)
Cognizant Technology Solutions Bangalore,India
• Manages the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, and deployment of software applications, ensuring high quality deliverables and reducing development time by 20%.
• Developed an intuitive UI for real-time and historical stock and sales data, improving user experience and data Accessibility leading to a 25% increase in user satisfaction.
• Designed effective data visualizations, including charts and graphs, to communicate complex data insights clearly.
• Implemented CI/CD pipelines, streamlining the software development process and improving deployment efficiency.
• Utilized SQL and python for efficient database management, ensuring data integrity and performance.
• Analyzed various data sources (QVD files, SAP, Flat files, Excel) using ODBC and OLEDB, seamlessly integrating them into dashboards for comprehensive data analysis.
• Architected application modules, base classes, and utility classes using Core Java, enhancing application reliability and maintainability.
• Conducted Regression and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to validate the functionality and performance of software applications, ensuring they meet business requirements and user needs. CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Azure AZ-900, DP-200
HONORS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
§ Graduate Pathways Scholarship at Illinois Institute of Technology. August 2022
§ Best Ownership award at Cognizant Technology Solutions. September 2021 VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
§ Department head of Electrical and Electronics for Technical Fest Ciencia 2k17 held at CVR College of Engineering.
§ I was part of the open source community service group called Lasya. we conduct workshops and help students understand various web technologies and programming concepts.
Contact this candidate