KRATIK PATIDAR
ad7jbr@r.postjobfree.com 682-***-**** Dallas, TX linkedin.com/in/kratikpatidar
Profile
Detail oriented Data analyst with 4+ years of experience in data analytics, skilled in Tableau, developing analytical models, and interpreting intricate data sets. Proficient in Python, SQL, Data Mining, and Data Governance processes. Seeking a challenging role as a Data analyst, leveraging expertise in project management skills, business operations workflow design, and collaborative problem-solving to contribute effectively to the team's objectives. Skills
Analytical Skills: Microsoft Power BI, Snowflake, Power Apps, Power Automate, Power BI hub, Alteryx, Microsoft application (Excel, PowerPoint, Words), Tableau, DAX, Google Analytics 4, Pivot table, R Studio, Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Data Management, Data Visualization, Data Cleaning, Data Quality, Transformation & Analysis, Business Requirements, Salesforce Tools & Technologies: MYSQL, AWS cloud, Agile, Digital workflow, Ad-hoc, Collibra, Project management, Documentation, Jira Soft Skills: Teamwork, Leadership, Communication, Presentation skills, Attention to details, problem solving, Critical thinking, prioritize tasks, Strong Work ethics, Ability to adapt, Continuous improvement. Languages: Python, R, SQL, NoSQL, C++
Professional Experience
Data Analyst, BNY Mellon Arlington, TX Jan 2023 – present Spearheaded cross-functional collaboration with data engineers and database teams, leveraging SQL and Python scripts to extract and process 500,000+ rows of raw banking and finance data from Oracle and SAP Database structures, enhancing collaboration and ensuring seamless implementation of workflow solutions across departments. Established data validation framework for data reconciliation using Python and R, achieving a notable 30% improvement in data quality standards, contributing to project clarity with issue management and alignment with business needs. Orchestrated seamless integration of Data Robot and Lean IX for automated anomaly detection, enhancing data quality by 20% through advanced machine learning techniques, contributing to continuous improvement initiatives. Applied a suite of sophisticated python libraries (pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn) to conduct in- depth data analysis, revealing over 100 intricate patterns and relationships within financial datasets, driving efficiency gains and optimizing operational processes.
Implemented Tableau for dynamic visualization and ensured consistency, empowering the portfolio management team to identify and 50+ potential investment opportunities and risks with precision, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives. Data Analyst Intern, SAIC Arlington, TX Jun 2022 – Sep 2022 Directed the extraction of data from over 10 industry-related websites, news sources, and customer reviews, resulting in a comprehensive dataset for analysis.
Integrated automation scripts utilizing Beautiful Soup and requests libraries to extract structured data, achieving a 95% accuracy rate in data extraction, ensuring compliance with data protection regulations and organizational policies. Processed 10,000+ data points to ensure integrity and usability, reducing data processing time by 30% and enhancing efficiency, achieving a 98% on-time completion rate. Employed Tableau and Python to identify key trends, patterns, and metrics within the dataset, facilitating informed decision-making, driving continuous improvement initiatives. Leveraged Tableau to create interactive charts and graphs, facilitating clear communication of key findings to non- technical stakeholders and driving data-driven initiatives, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives. Business Intelligence Analyst, Genpact Solutions Ahmedabad, India Jun 2018 – Jul 2021 Developed and maintained robust databases using SQL and Python, optimized data collection and analysis processes, resulting in a 20% reduction in data cleaning and entry time, achieving a 98% on-time completion rate. Coordinated with cross-functional project teams to analyze and scrutinize data Successfully reduced unwanted expenses by 15,000 USD, enhancing collaboration and ensuring seamless implementation of workflow solutions across departments. Utilized tools such as MS Excel and Power BI for expense analysis and Led to an impressive 12% reduction in overall company expenses.
Monitored campaign performance and tracked key performance indicators (KPIs), Achieved a remarkable 24% increase in overall revenue, driving efficiency gains and optimizing operational processes. Executed tools such as MySQL, Power BI, and Google Analytics to Contributed to an outstanding 18% increase in company sales and web performance, ensuring alignment with organizational objectives. Education
Master of Science, Business Analytics Aug 2021 – May 2023 University Of Texas at Arlington Arlington, USA
Post Graduate Diploma, Computer Applications Jun 2019 – Jun 2020 Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan University Bhopal, India Bachelor of Commerce, Business Administration Jul 2015 – May 2018 Devi Ahilya University Indore, India
Contact this candidate