Angela Rush
*** **** ********** ***** ******** GA 30907
Phone: 803-***-**** – Email: ad7m15@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

Collaborative and team-oriented SAP professional with a strong ability to build positive relationships and work effectively with colleagues to achieve shared goals. Consistently deliver projects ahead of schedule by employing effective time management and prioritization strategies. Expert in coordinating cross-functional teams and managing complex SAP implementations to enhance business processes and drive organizational efficiency. Proactively identify and address potential delays, ensuring timely completion and exceeding project deadlines. Streamline workflows and optimize processes to enhance efficiency and maintain a track record of early project delivery. Seeking to leverage extensive SAP expertise to contribute to a dynamic team in a challenging and growth-oriented environment.

Background and Areas of Expertise

Over 15 years Functional & Technical SAP experience
SAP ERP (MM, PP, SD, FI, CO) Integration and Configuration
SAP CRM – Customer Resource Management
SAP MRP – Materials Requirement Planning
SAP WM, SD and LE configuration and implementation
SAP APO, PM, PS, QM, BASIS, ABAP Debug
IDOC, COGI, EDI, FTP and AS/400 Interfacing
SAP ECC, Bex, Netweaver
SAP BI, BW, BO Data Analytics
Cloud Computing – HANA, Saas
Extensive IM, WM and EWM Inventory Management

SAP TM – Transportation Management
Map, Configure Distribution processes
FM – Funds Management Budgeting
HANA Data Analytics
Root Cause Analysis in complex processes
Supply Chain Management (SCM)
Large Manufacturing Distribution & Logistics
Dual Major – Finance and Marketing
Lean Six Sigma CI Process Improvement
Completed Green Belt and Black Belt Training
Several SAP Go-Live - Local and International
SAP Super User

Experience

Centers for Disease Control - Department of Health and Human Services (Atlanta, GA)
SAP Business Analyst IV (Consultant) 05/2014 - Present
Streamlined and documented the multi-week process of creating multiple Excel input files for SAP HANA reports into a few-hour task, significantly enhancing efficiency and reducing costs. By developing an automated solution, I minimized manual effort, accelerated project timelines, and exceeded project deadlines, delivering substantial time and cost savings for the organization.
Provide ongoing support in the integration and configuration of various SAP modules, including SD, MM, FI, CO, CRM ensuring that system setup and functionality meet business requirements and process designs.
Deliver expert functional and technical knowledge and analysis for highly specialized applications including VTrckS and SAP modules such as ERP (MM, SD, FI, CO, PP), Funds Management (FM), Customer Resource Management (CRM), ECC, HANA, and SAP Business Intelligence (BI) in Business Objects (BO).
Lead point of contact with the functional and technical team for SAP HANA leveraging the in-memory capabilities of SAP HANA to provide real-time analytics and integration with various data sources, including SAP and non-SAP systems, to consolidate and analyze data.

Create input files using Excel for SAP Business Intelligence (BI) applying transformation logic to convert raw data into a structured format suitable for analysis by mapping data fields, calculating derived metrics, and aggregating data and performing data cleansing operations to ensure data quality in removing duplicates, correcting errors, and handling missing values.
Review Structured Query Language (SQL) with SAP HANA and reporting for data highlights and failures.
Lead testing and validation of large data sets for IIS CDSi which provides clinical decision support for immunization tracking and recommendations to help healthcare providers determine appropriate immunization schedules based on patient data and immunization guidelines.
Create test case scenarios for regression testing to ensure comprehensive data integrity by validating that data interactions within one SAP ERP module and extended module did not adversely impact other modules, maintaining seamless integration and accuracy across the system.
Manage end-to-end implementation processes, from initial requirements gathering to final deployment, ensuring robust and effective solutions tailored to organizational needs.
Analyze and translate business process requirements into system configurations, managing settings related to master data, transaction processes, and reporting.
Conducted thorough testing and validation of configurations to ensure seamless integration and performance across modules from FI to CO, SD to FI, MM to FI, MM to PP, PP to CO, SD to MM, PM to MM, HCM to FI and PM to CO.
Oversee and test the SAP Order to Cash (OTC) process from receiving customer orders to delivering goods and reconciling with the creation of contracts.
Provide ongoing support and adjustments post-implementation to refine configurations based on user feedback and evolving business needs.

Coca-Cola World Headquarters (Atlanta, GA)
SAP Global Analyst and Salesforce.com (Consultant) 11/2013 – 05/2014
Served as a conduit between international business units, Bottlers, SAP, TCCC and SFDC solution architects.
Mapped, trained, and facilitated cross module descriptions of all available SAP products (mySAP ERP, CRM, SRM, PLM, SCM Business Suite, SuccessFactors, HANA, HR, WPB, APO, DB2, BW, BO, BI, BASIS).
Key conduit to business and bottler users within SAP for requirements, Go-Live, troubleshooting and analysis.
Created SAP documentation to understand cross module functionality, licensing constructs, and contracts to define and manage customer requirements.
Managed EZ License application for SFDC licenses with bottlers and internal business units.
Explained the costs, licensing models, and facilitate the process of getting licenses to clients, working with finance on the correct billing procedures for the license transfers, and supported the FI cross-charging efforts.
Managed Salesforce Chatter site used for bottler & license audit Q&A.
Worked with upper management in negotiations, project management planning and SAP HANA and other upgrades in multiple module/product expansions.
Collaborated with Coca-Cola Lawyers to ensure accurate, timely and seamless execution of SAP and Salesforce contracts for bottlers local and abroad.

Pure Power Technologies/Navistar Company (Blythewood, SC)
SAP Business Analyst (Consultant) 07/2013 – 11/2013
First point of contact for all SAP configuration, integration issues and process improvement for all utilized modules in the automotive industry. Continually demonstrated an active commitment to quality and continuous improvement.
Effectively worked with all Business Units in setup of SAP EDI and FTP, Direct Ship testing and process design, Cycle Counting program and BASIS functionality.
Configured and executed Logistics Execution (LE) for the procurement and distribution of automotive parts between direct and 3rd party vendors. Facilitated process implementation and improvement for the WM and TM process integration with Production.
Created, updated, and maintained SAP requests from all functional departments (FI, CO, MM, PP, SD, PS) for increased performance in system module integration.
SAP Master maintenance in Logistics (LE) and Accounting (FI/CO) for Bill of Materials, Material Master, Scheduling Agreements, Info Records, Vendor Master, Cost Centers, Cost Elements, Profit Centers and Material Requirements Planning (MRP).
Accurately and efficiently ensured the data management process for all material and order planning using the ABAP Data Dictionary for Data Elements, Table Types and Structures.
Ability to facilitate and enable change management (RFC) from an objective standpoint to create process sustainability.
Responsible for ensuring the quality and accuracy of all SAP information and data associated with materials planning and order management, including maintenance of the ERP system database.
Reviewed new SAP user account requests and develop user profiles as required (BASIS).
Monitored Security Administration for all user accounts in SAP to ensure Sarbanes Oxley compliance (SOX).
Conducted data analyses for planning and improvement in: Forecast Data, Delivery Performance, Logistics Cost Performance, Inventory Turns, and other Cost/Benefit Scenarios.
Utilized Lean Manufacturing Concepts for all SDST materials management activities (material and information flow).
Utilized business systems to complete tasks that include Kanban, subcontracting, warehouse management, project systems, SAP 3rd party order solution, multi-level bills of materials, and quota arrangements for suppliers.

Kraft Foods/Oscar Mayer/Heinz (Newberry, SC)
SAP Business Analyst and Lean Six Sigma CI Engineer 09/2008 – 07/2013
Conduct SAP Integration and Configuration for MM and SD from Sales Order to Procurement, Stock Availability Checks, Pricing and Costing, Goods Movement, Inventory Management, Billing and Invoice Verification, Inter-Company Sales and Stock Transport Orders, Credit Management and Integration with Financial Accounting and Funds Management (FI and FM) modules.
Created, mapped, and configured a Warehouse Distribution Process in SAP using storage locations, materials, batching, FIFO, LIFO, outbound (GI) and inbound (GR) deliveries, picking, packing, shipping, Handling Units (HU’s) and STO’S, which eliminated interfacing IDOC errors with the AS/400 system that would hold up transportation inter-company plant transports, local and international shipments. The process I created was adopted by all Kraft Food/Heinz plants and is still used today.
Full lifecycle implementation for US and Canada distribution warehouses with configuration of the LE for inbound and outbound delivery processes of goods and services. Linking outbound delivery processes with Sales & Distribution to the Warehouse Management processes via picking, packing, and shipping utilizing Handling Units directly through SAP and additional interfacing picking, packing and transports between warehouses and plants via AS/400 Matrics system with IDOCs.
Created, Coordinated, Conducted, and Reconciled Cycle Counts for Raw Goods, Finished Goods and Materials by configuring the Material Master (MM) Plant and Storage locations, creating Physical Inventory (PI) documents, Entering Counting Results and Posting Differences to ensure ATP for sales is correct and Materials Requirement Planning (MRP) is completed using the correct input parameters.
Managed a team to reduce outstanding Finished Goods stuck in the Manufacturing Unit (MU) reducing inventory by 90% from 12,396 cases to 1240 cases (Salvage) in four weeks exceeding corporate goal of 55% and bringing the total to zero at the end of 6 weeks.
Managed 600k cases of finished goods in three IM outside warehouse locations keeping accuracy above 99.5%.
Managed 9+ million lbs. of raw materials in WM, IM and Outside storage addressing inventory variances and DUV variances for the Finance Group through root cause analysis.
Chosen by Kraft Foods Corporate to be on a team for SAP Go-Live, training and implementation for Kraft Canada.
First point of contact for all Kraft Plants providing training and support to new SAP TDC’s and Insiders.
Designed, developed, and trained all levels of SAP end users in all tools, measurements, and procedures.
Worked closely with and assisted Leadership in developing, implementing, and maintaining company policies and procedures.
Managed all aspects of the SAP MRP supply chain for troubleshooting and reconciliation of inventory levels, sales orders, production schedules and lead times to generate procurement and production proposals. Updating Material Master (MM), Bill of Materials (BOM), Planning, Work Centers, and other key areas to ensure accurate inventory and integration with warehouse management (WM).
Successfully utilized analytical skills for process improvement to increase business performance.
Continuously communicate with customers and suppliers to devise new methods and tools supporting a true continuous improvement environment.
Daily assessments of transactional data integrity, reporting and suggest improvements through error correction in: IDOCs, Post Goods Issues, Post Goods Receipts, Consumption errors, Production errors, Shipping and Receiving errors, Process order correction for GR and GI, Backflush, Cycle Counts, inventory management, MU Sales, and Export PGI.
Worked closely with FI/CO management to perform month-end clean up, reconciliation and assist Finance in period and year end close.
Supplied all Kraft Foods North America Distribution Centers (DC) and Manufacturing Units (MU) with pivot table and IDOC error reports.

Compucredit (Atlanta, GA)
Financial Analyst 09/2007 – 09/2008
Managed several multi-million dollar acquired credit card portfolios.
Gained extensive hands-on experience and knowledge in asset backed securities and month end reporting requirements.
Started with one portfolio and given additional responsibilities of managing a total of three portfolios.
Execution, reconciliation, and administration of responsibilities associated with the management of asset backed securities (ABS) acquired portfolios.
Completing internal/external reporting for auditors and accounting while maintaining company policy and meeting daily, monthly, and quarterly deadlines.
Preparation of ad hoc reporting as requested.

Heidelberg USA (Eden Prairie, MN and Kennesaw, GA)
SAP Parts Order Analyst, Corporate Accounts Receivable & Regional Accounts Receivable 06/1999 – 09/2007
Assisted customers with consumable parts order requirements and inquiries.
Mastered the navigation of parts manuals and the understanding of schematics for printing, cutting and folding equipment by serial number and year.
Recognized by managers and customers for superior customer service.
Chosen from our team to go to Heidelberg, Germany to receive a tour of our headquarters and receive 10 days specialized training.
Researched part replacement issues, processed customer orders, dispatched after-hours technicians, facilitated parts returns, settled billing disputes, SAP Super User to test updates.
Carried out escalated tasks on the corporate level for accounts receivable and corporate collections.
Promoted to Order Analyst Parts and Service Position.
Produced and analyzed monthly Financial Reports for all US regions.
Submit approvals for new accounts using D&B.
Responsible for aging reports of receivables, letters of credit, chargebacks and account posting reconciliation.
Carried out NCE regional administrative tasks for accounts receivable and corporate collections.
Promoted with full relocation to a corporate position in Kennesaw, GA.
Analyzed old outstanding receivables left from Legacy to SAP upgrade and recovered and collected over $50,000 in posting errors.
Surpassed goals for collections on parts, service, and contracts.
Responsible for accounts payable, billing, purchasing, and invoicing.
Assisted in the upgrade of Legacy to SAP.
Account reconciliations and purchase order submission.

Education

Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Marketing (Dual Major)
Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA 01/2002 – 05/2007
Contact this candidate