JERRY VALENTINE
***** **** ****** *, *********, CA, 93536
310-***-****
ad7pul@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/jerry-valentine-882b5124
SUMMARY
● 15 years’ experience in Data Analysis.
● 5 years’ experience in Data Governance.
● Extensive experience in data gathering, auditing, storage and reporting in a data-driven environment.
● Experienced in delivering impactful reports and ad hoc queries to business partners.
● Five years’ experience in metadata management and governance. EDUCATION
● Berkeley Data Analyst bootcamp, University of California, Berkeley 2024
● Master of Science in Business Administration/MIS, CSU, Sacramento, CA 2006
● Master of Arts in Political Science, University of California, Davis, CA, 2003
● Bachelor of Arts in Political Science, Creighton University, Omaha, Nebraska 1998 TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Database/Data Warehouse: Data Modeling, Toad, Alteryx, Teradata, SQL Server, PgAdmin, Oracle
● Business Analysis: SDLC, UML Diagramming, ARIS, Data Modeling
● Programming: VBA, Python, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Pandas, Matplotlib, Leaflet,NoSQL, MongoDB, API’s, SQL, SQLAlchemy, ORM, Leaflet, PySpark, HiveQL.
● Statistics and Machine Learning: Jupyter Lab, R, SPSS, STATA, Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Neural Networks, Deep Learning.
● Supporting technologies: Jira, Draw.io, Git, Github, Collibra, Erwin Data Intelligence Suite, how to program with ChatGPT and Github Copilot.
EXPERIENCE
University of California, Berkeley,Data Analysis Boot Camp February 2024 - July 2024
Technologies:
● Programming: see technical skills section above.
● Supporting technologies: see technical skills section above. Mitsubishi Financial Group (MUFG), Los Angeles, CA March 2018 – November 2018 - November 2023
Associate Vice President - Metadata Governance System Manager/Senior Data Analyst Responsibilities:
● Received thank you letter from Chief Executive Officer.
● MUFG 2022 President’s Award Recipient.
● Advised projects on how to create, maintain and decommission metadata.
● Designed metadata governance policies.
● Trained users in data governance.
● Advised executives on data governance best practices.
● Training, designed, developed, deployed, and report on Jira projects. American Advisors Group, Los Angeles, CA
March 2018 – September 2018
Senior Data Analyst
Jerry Valentine - Page 1 of 3
Responsibilities:
● Improved direct mail performance generating a 30% reduction in costs.
● Built reports (pivot tables and regression models) for direct mail lead channel that help to effectively target customers.
● Planed, designed, maintained and executed SQL based process for generating mailers to over three million customers per month.
● Created and managed daily, weekly and monthly marketing reports. Lancesoft, Los Angeles, CA
September 2017 - November 2017
Client: M. Union Bank (Banking)
Data Warehouse Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Automated monthly reports in Access and SQL Server.
● Built data warehouse in SQL Server.
● Created and automated ad hoc reports using Excel, Access and SQL Server. Genuent, Los Angeles, CA
September 2015 - April 2017
Client: M. Union Bank (Banking)
Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Developed user acceptance test SQL scripts for Data Warehouse project (Global ZEUS).
● Tested ZEUS using HP Application Lifecycle Management - Quality Center (HPQC).
● Automated data quality monitoring reports.
● Developed data mappings for Global ZEUS using Analytix.
● Tested ZEUS using HP application lifecycle management - Quality Center (HPQC).
● Root caused and documented UAT defects and automated data quality monitoring reports. Abacus, Burbank, CA
September 2014 - September 2015
Client: Kaiser Permanente (Health Care)
Business Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Used Foundation System, SPAS, SPM, SalesConnect and CARS to verify reports.
● Provided guidance on automating, documenting, and migrating reports to Tableau.
● Worked with Electronic Health Records data.
● Established advanced analytics using SAS.
B2B, Long Beach, CA
March 2014 - August 2014
Client: Molina (Health Care)
Business and Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Executed and improved reports.
● Planned, designed and executed ad hoc SQL Queries using SQL Server to root cause data or process problems and provide solutions.
● Root caused data and programming problems with the automated engine that processes premiums (Premium Reconciliation Application).
Gensis10, Los Angeles, CA
September 2012 - March 2014
Client: Bank of America (Banking)
Business and Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Created process documents for 4 projects.
Jerry Valentine - Page 2 of 3
● Planned, designed and executed ad hoc SQL Queries using SQL Server to understand business problems and develop solutions.
● Modeled processes in Visio and ARIS to facilitate process reengineering.
● Consulted with reporting teams on how to reengineer SQL based data warehouse changes. Trifecta Multimedia (Multimedia), Los Angeles, CA
December 2011 - July 2012
Data Processor and Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Improved, automated and documented processes using Visio, VBA, Excel and Oracle.
● Managed inter-departmental work flow to ensure timely product delivery using Visio and Excel to improve processes.
● Planned, designed and executed ad hoc SQL queries using Oracle, VBA and Excel.
● Automated all processes related to processing data and creating reports using VBA. The final system automated creation of clients, studies, training, creation of users and the loading of videos onto website and reduced processing time by half.
Fresh and Easy (Grocery), El Segundo, CA
November 2010 - December 2011
Business and Forecast Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Improved and automated holiday forecasting strategy, process and tools using Visio, Excel, VBA and Teradata.
● Planned and executed ad hoc SQL Queries using Teradata to deliver reports to executives.
● Managed Teradata tables using Teradata Multiload and FastLoad.
● Developed, managed and delivered daily reports to improve business operations using Excel, VBA and ODBC.
● Updated system settings for all 6,000 products in 180 stores on a quarterly basis.
● Used queries to uncover and fix data integrity and process problems. KForce Consultant, Stratford, CT
June 2009 - April 2010
Client: Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation
Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
● Produced ad hoc supply chain and revenue reports using Access and Excel.
● Developed, managed and delivered daily aftermarket reports for management.
● Created a dashboard prototype using Xcelsius for aftermarket. The dashboard was a part of Sikorsky's ACE program (equivalent to Six Sigma).
Jerry Valentine - Page 3 of 3
Contact this candidate