Akbar Soleimani
*** ****** *******,
Alexandria, VA 22304
phone +1-703-***-****
ad7rp0@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE

EDUCATION

SKILLS
To obtain a position as a research Data Analyst utilizing relevant knowledge gained from education and training in a practical atmosphere.

2020- 2022
MSc.
Health Informatics & Data Analysis
George Mason University- Virginia-USA

Ph.D
.
Nutrition
Ferdowsi University of Mashhad- IRAN

M.Sc
.
Nutrition
Azad University of Isfahan- IRAN

B.S.
Nutrition
Ferdowsi University of Mashhad- IRAN

Competency in SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Weka, Tableau, STATA, SPSS
Proficiency in the deployment of Electronic Health Records (EHR)
Strong project management skills in research settings
Advanced use of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
Documentation and presentation abilities
Capable of overseeing and devising innovative methods and resolutions.
knowledge of HL7 versions, HIPAA and Meaningful Use
Certified in NIH Toolbox Cognition Test
Certified in full neurocognitive testing

EXPERIENCE
2021 - Present Clinical Research Analyst Howard University Washington DC.
Performed data analysis and other statistical tasks for public health
research projects.
Projects required creation of data models, statistical tests of significance, and statistical analysis of historical research data using correlation.
Designed and prepared data surveys, presented alternatives directly to project managers, explained analysis methodologies, answered questions from management both orally and in writing, made changes in proposals at the direction of management, presented final program

alternatives to management for approval, monitored and reconciled data collection during the projects, when variances and exceptions occurred, proposals were made to change program to management.
Projects required extensive collection, compilation, analysis, and interpretation of data.
Written reports were prepared analytically, each submitted report was reviewed, more information was developed, and final reports were presented to management for final decision-making and dissemination.
Statistical analyses were performed using a variety of data analysis tools including Excel, SQL, PostgreSQL, Weka, Tableau, STATA, SPSS.

2021- 2022 Graduate Lecturer
George Mason University, Virginia

Instructed courses in "Quantitative Methods in Health Care Management," integrating and analyzing CMS data.
Proficiently manipulated data from diverse sources and conducted in- depth analysis.
Captured data and entered it into summary spreadsheets for further evaluation.
Familiarity with data analysis tools and coding languages such as SNOMED, ICD, CPT, and LOINC.

2015 – 2020 Clinical Research Analyst Howard
University Hospital (Cancer Centre) Washington DC.

Analyzed, developed, and implemented a research program for a university healthcare research center.
Proposed alternatives to management, adjusted proposals due to
management feedback, re-proposed alternatives, explained alternatives, and implemented approved programs.
Responsible for providing direction, coordination and support for center operations, presented reports and analysis to management and customers, reports were prepared using advanced Microsoft Office Suite programs including Excel and PowerPoint.
Provided direction and support for strategic planning initiatives, researched new programs, reviewed effectiveness and efficiency of existing programs, produced reports for management review regarding alternative programmatic approaches, coordinated implementation of new programs across multiple divisions.
Prepared and presented budgets to management. Facilitated project
management meetings, provided staff follow-up for actions and prepared project assignment and status reports.
Utilized Best Practices methodologies to solve problems.
2000 – 2014 Research Scientist Azad University – Kashmar Branch,Iran
Conducted extensive research at both undergraduate and graduate levels, overseeing data gathering, analysis, and presentation.
Supervised graduate students in their thesis work, fostering their development in research methodologies.
Contact this candidate