Sagarika B
ad7r09@r.postjobfree.com
+1-319-***-****
SUMMARY
Data Analyst with strong experience in Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Data Mining with large data sets of structured and unstructured data, Data Acquisition, Data Validation, Predictive Modeling, and Data Visualization.
Data Analyst expertise in interpreting complex datasets to extract actionable insights that drive strategic business solutions.
Proficient in leveraging statistical programming skills using Python, and SQL, as well as data transformation tools like Tableau and PowerBI.
Excel wizardry and version control expertise, leveraging VLOOKUP, Power Query, Power Pivot, Excel Macros, and VBA to transform raw data into actionable insights.
With a robust understanding of Data Warehousing concepts and architecture, contributed to designing efficient data solutions that optimize analysis processes.
Experience in Data Analysis, Data Validation, Data Modeling, Data mapping, Data Verification, Data loading, and Data mining through understanding various requirements, analysis, and designs.
Utilized cloud-based platforms such as Snowflake and SageMaker for data storage, analysis, and reporting needs.
Good knowledge and experience in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and its phase’s requirement gathering, analysis design, implementation, deployment, and maintenance.
Highly skilled in using visualization tools like Tableau, ggplot2, dash, and flask for creating dashboards. Also experienced in the Alteryx platform, and was involved in data preparation, data blending, and the creation of data models, and data sets using Alteryx.
Experience in Data Extraction, Data Management, Data Cleaning, Data Profiling, Data Consolidation, and Data Quality for business data feeds
Hands-on experience in Machine Learning and AI algorithms, implementing models such as Neural Networks, Regression, SVM, and Decision Trees for predictive analytics. Proficient in using Python libraries like Pandas, NumPy, and Matplotlib for insightful data visualizations.
Effectively applied machine learning techniques to analyze data, additionally, leveraged NLP methods to extract insights from feedback.
Skilled in database modeling, and design, with a focus on optimizing performance and scalability through SQL techniques.
Worked with AWS Cloud platform and its features which include EC2, VPC, RDS, EBS, S3, CloudWatch, Cloud Trail, and Quick Sight, CloudFormation, and Autoscaling.
Familiar with advanced statistical modelling and mining data to distill meaning out of increasing amount of available data.
Demonstrated proficiency in extracting and analyzing data from Salesforce, including understanding complex data structures, relationships, and custom objects.
Developed Unix Shell scripts for running multiple commands together along with emailing those reports and utilized scheduling tools like Crontab, Tidal Scheduler to run reports periodically.
Developed complex SQL Queries with various joins, aggregations and window functions and created stored procedures for faster execution of queries.
Utilized Jupyter notebook for interactive manipulation of data and plotting graphs using matplotlib.
Hands-on experience in VPC setup, EC2 instances, Redshift configuration, and AWS Glue for ETL processes. Knowledge of Hadoop Spark tools for distributed data processing. Strong understanding of RDBMS, ETL, and Data Lake concepts.
Good experience working with SAS and R, developed and migrated models from SAS and R to Python.
Experienced with data manipulation skills extend to R, where I’ve employed it for predictive modeling and data visualization, leveraging diverse sources including MySQL databases and text files.
My adeptness in statistical analysis, encompassing regression, decision trees, and experimental design, empowers me to optimize products and revenue flows through multivariate experiments.
Experienced in creating Data Flow Diagrams, Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Entity Relationships Diagrams, and Data Mapping.
Well-versed in version control using Git to ensure collaborative and seamless project management.
Proficient in Agile (Scrum) and waterfall methodologies. Adept at transforming technical complexities into actionable insights, driving efficiency, and informed decision-making across diverse industries.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills. Excellent communication and presentation skills.

SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, R, SQL, Java, C
MS Excel Skills and Version Control: VLOOKUP, Power Query, Power Pivot, Pivot tables, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel Macros and VBA, Git
Web Development: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Angular, Django
Databases, Data Warehousing, and Cloud: SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Snowflake, sagemaker, AWS RDS
Data Analysis & Data Visualization: Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikSense, Cognos
Libraries, Methodologies &Tools: Pandas, NumPy, ggplot2, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-learn, ETL, SSIS, JIRA, RStudio, Jenkins, Docker,
Jupyter, Anaconda, Kubernetes, Druid, Agile, SDLC, Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban, SAS, SPSS
Soft Skills: Project management, Leadership, Presentation, and Communication Skills

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Mastercard Chicago, Illinois
Financial Data Analyst March 2022 – Present
Addressed data quality issues in datasets, ensuring data accuracy and integrity for reliable reporting and analysis.
Came up with models to detect fraud in credit card transactions by analyzing various techniques including past historical spending behaviors, location, amount, time and velocity rules.
Utilized machine learning models on historical data to classify transactions as fraudulent or non-fraudulent by applying logical regression and decision trees using Python Tensorflow library.
Developed various different dashboards that captured the essential aspects of the transactions such as time since last transaction, spending velocity and average transaction amount over a week.
Developed various SQL Queries to aggregate the data based on various criteria, utilized window functions, joins and common table expressions.
Reconciled and analyzed funding reports, credit limits in comparison to actual utilized balance and pending transactions.
Automated data cleaning, and analysis for financial reporting by utilizing advanced Excel functions.
Utilized Power BI connecting to various data sources and extracting the data to build DAX custom fields and tables.
Utilized DAX functions in Power BI to create financial metrics and visualizations for data analysis.
Helped in migrating infrastructure and models to AWS cloud and ran the models and analysis on AWS RDS, Redshift running inside AWS Lambda.
Worked with Jupyter notebooks utilizing Python Pandas library loading data from files and analyzing using matplotlib libraries.
Evaluated metrics related to different review pipelines to identify and resolve bottlenecks.
Responsible for collecting and analyzing financial data.
Analyzed financial data to identify patterns and trends in financial programs, including disbursement and funding allocation.
Automated reporting with SQL data extraction and created Power BI dashboards for funding allocation and budget optimization.

Optum Health Chicago, IL
Data Analyst November 2019 – February 2022
Collect data from various sources, including internal databases, external databases, and manual entry.
Perform data analysis using Tableau and Excel to identify trends, patterns, and insights from healthcare data.
Create data visualizations using Tableau and Excel to effectively communicate insights to stakeholders.
Implement data quality measures to ensure the accuracy, consistency, and completeness of healthcare data.
Developed complex SQL queries with various aggregations, joins to extract the required data and grouped according to the required criteria.
Interfaced with various AWS products including AWS RDS, Redshift databases and extracted the data using AWS Sagemaker.
Generated comprehensive reports and dashboards using tools such as Tableau, providing stakeholders with actionable insights and facilitating data-driven decision-making.
Analyzed medical claims records to identify trends in utilization patterns, extracting data from claims databases and potential cost-saving opportunities within a managed care setting.
Built automated workflows in Alteryx to improve efficiency and ensure repeatability of data analysis processes.
Updated and maintained KPI dashboards to reflect evolving data trends and ensure the accuracy of reported information.
Applied advanced data analysis in Power BI, including creating calculated columns, measures, and DAX calculations.
Utilized SQL to extract and integrate clinical and provider data, and identified high-risk patients for targeted intervention within a Medicare Advantage plan (leveraging statistical software like SAS for risk modeling)
Performed statistical and predictive analysis within Tableau, including integrating R and Python scripts for more advanced analysis.
Ensure compliance with healthcare regulations such as HIPAA to protect patient effectiveness.

AT&T Atlanta, GA
Data Analyst January 2018 – October 2019
Leveraged NLP techniques to dissect feedback, culminating in a new strategy that elevated customer satisfaction scores by 15%.
Employed machine learning techniques to forecast traffic data, achieving an 85% accuracy that informed intervention strategy development.
Crafted data mappings for the transformation and integration of data between systems.
Utilized knowledge of various statistical analysis like distributors, maximum likelihood estimators to find the traffic correlation between calendar events and mobile traffic usage.
Leverage knowledge of R language and Python plotly library for visualizations with appealing charts and graphs.
Established data validation procedures using Power BI to ensure the accuracy and integrity of patient information.
Conducted a comprehensive analysis of the supply chain data, identifying inefficiencies and waste, resulting in a 20% reduction in costs.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, to discern their data requirements and deliver comprehensive data sets and reports using Alteryx, Tableau, and Python for healthcare data analysis.
Designed and build data visualization dashboards, reports to effectively communicate KPIs and actionable insights to stakeholders.
Strong understanding of healthcare data, including claims data, patient demographics, and clinical outcomes.
Created and maintained pivot tables to track and analyze performance metrics of healthcare programs.
Skilled in accessing, retrieving, and managing data stored in AWS S3 buckets.
Compared the performance of each benchmark query among different solutions like Spark, Teradata, MySQL, Presto, and Hive (using Tez engine) by creating a bar graph in numbers.
Proficient in querying and analyzing data stored in Salesforce, utilizing SOQL queries and Salesforce reporting tools to derive actionable insights.
Analyzed large customer datasets (250,000 records) using SQL, and Excel to identify trends and patterns in customer traffic behavior and campaign effectiveness.
Utilized ODBC for connectivity to Teradata via MS Excel to retrieve automatically from Teradata Database.
Established efficient data management processes using AWS S3, including data ingestion, storage, and retrieval, optimizing for scalability and performance.
Presented clear and concise research findings and actionable recommendations to internal stakeholders, leading to a 15% increase in client campaign ROI.
Performed performance tuning in Oracle and SQL Optimizing. During the tuning process, various indexes and partitions were developed.
Implement data validation rules and data cleansing procedures as part of the ETL process to identify and rectify data quality issues.
Designed and developed interactive and visually appealing business intelligence reports and dashboards using tools like SSRS, Tableau, Excel.
Create data models and schemas to support reporting and analytics needs, ensuring data accuracy and consistency.
Utilized DBT to transform raw healthcare supply chain data into structured, usable formats.
Developed predictive models using MATLAB for supply chain demand forecasting reducing inventory costs by 12%.
Involved in Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import, Data Export and writing SQL statements. Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, and packages.
Integrated databases into a unified data warehouse, increasing the efficiency of data processing by 30%, and enhanced data collection procedures, increasing data accuracy by 20%.

Laurus Labs India
Data Analyst June 2015 – Sept 2016
Mapped user engagement trends using matplotlib, and Seaborn, guiding UX/UI enhancements that surged user retention by 25%.
Engineered efficient data models in AWS Redshift, optimizing table structures, relationships, enhancing data integrity and precision by 15%.
Designed conceptual data models to provide a high-level view of organizational data, ensuring data integrity and consistency.
Leveraged Python and R for data analysis, producing predictive models that refined business forecasting accuracy by 25%.
Enhanced SQL query performance by 20%, streamlining data retrieval processes. Designed & and developed various departmental reports by using SAS, SQL, PL/SQL, and MS Excel
Employed SQL and ETL tools to clean, preprocess, and transform the data into a structured format suitable for analysis, ensuring data accuracy and consistency.
Utilized pivot tables to assess the effectiveness of e-learning courses based on completion rates and user feedback.
Collect, clean, and validate data from various sources to ensure data accuracy and reliability within the ERP system.
Utilized Python for Data wrangling, modeling, and analysis to extract insights.
Integrated SAP data with other relevant data sources both internal and external to create comprehensive datasets for analysis.
Improved data accuracy and reliability utilizing Python, pandas, and SQL, leading to a 10% reduction in data errors.
Identifies user preferences with R, resulting in a 20% increase in course completion rates.
Designed and analyzed A/B tests to optimize the effectiveness of educational content.
Load data using ETL process dealing with different data sources MS Excel, MS Access and SQL Server, CSV, Flat Files, etc. into target database by performing different kinds of transformations using SQL Server Agent to automate the SSIS 2012/2008r2 package execution. Tested and managed the SSIS 2012 packages.
Involved in extracting the data from OLTP to OLAP using SSIS.
Performed predictive modeling using sci-kit-learn and developed models that improved subscription renewal rates by 15%.
Analyzed user engagement and learning behavior data to enhance the effectiveness of educational content and platforms.
Leveraged Power BI to develop interactive dashboards, providing real-time insights into student progress and model effectiveness by 20%.
Built custom SQL reports detailing course completion rates, average grades, and other key performance indicators to help course efficacy.
Integrated VBA programming to optimize data manipulation processes, reducing processing time by 40%.
Directed a team of analysts to examine user data, unveiling insights that improved course completion rate by 15%.
Produced analytical data sets and reports using Alteryx and Tableau, enabling data-driven decision-making and process optimization.
Integrated Azure DevOps with version control systems such as Git to maintain codebase integrity and facilitate collaborative development.
Demonstrated problem-solving and analytics skills, synthesizing complex information for various stakeholders.
Contact this candidate