Ruth C. Brown
**** ********* ****,
Pikesville, MD. 21208
Data Analyst Engineer
Top Secret Clearance/SCI
410-***-****
ad7rb7@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Ms. Ruth Brown, has a Master 's degree in Database Systems Technology, and more than 18-years of Information Technology experience. I have acquired strong skills in requirements development and management, database development, relational database design, database analysis with a knowledge of various database formats. I have developed effective project management skills, planning, assisting, coordinating, developing, and implementing both large and small projects, experience with analyzing systems, and their processes, Information lifecycle management stages, developing and defining business and technical requirements for IT projects and databases, take initiative and ownership and strong analytical and quantitative competencies. I have worked with various types of SDLCs, including using Waterfall, Agile and SCRUM. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and strong leadership skills which make me an excellent Senior Business Analyst, Database Analyst, Tester and technical lead. I have the knowledge and ability to conceptualize a system from requirements to implementation and across platforms.
TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
Databases: ORACLE, POSTGRESQL, LIQUIBASE, MS SQL 2005, Microsoft Visual Studio SQL Server, Microsoft Access, DB2
Platforms & Systems: CITRIX Workplace APP, LINUX, SE2 Digital Technology Platform, VMware Horizon, Puppet Software Configuration Management Tool
Programming Languages: COBOL11, CICS, JCL, QMF, SPUFI, PL/SQL, SQL, Java (Knowledgeable)

Development & Utilities: SQL*plus, SQL*loader, ERwin Data Modeler, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Bitbucket, Office Project 2003, SQL, ServiceNow, SharePoint, Microsoft DOD Teams Application, Confluence & JIRA Software, knowledge and experience using Microsoft Excel to analyze data.

File Transfer Tools: SFTP, DBMS_FILE_TRANSFER package
Knowledge Areas: Database Architecture, Database Warehouse, Data Mining, Database Security, Distributed Database Management Systems, Data Modeling, Management Financial Tools, Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC)

October 2023 - Present
ManTech, Inc. 4696 Millennium Dr Suite 500, Belcamp, MD 21017
Senior IT Specialist / REST API Automation Tester

Perform agile testing – create and execute test scripts
Work as a technical expert with clients, analysts, programmers and other team members to develop technical solutions to complex business problems
Maintains corporate standards for deploying technology and works with senior management in strategic planning
Improved overall test accuracy and efficiency by participating in code reviews, ensuring coding standards and best practices were met and followed
Effectively monitored results of automated tests and maintained databases of results for further analysis
Used JIRA for tracking issues such as opening, closing and updating tickets
Attended morning Scrum meeting to provide updates on any concerns and work issues related to project and system(s), and provide weekly written status reports.

February 2022 – October 2023
Modus Operandi, Aberdeen Proving Grounds, Maryland
Infrastructure System / Data Migration Specialist (Aberdeen Proving Grounds - DCGS-A program office via Modus Operandi’s subcontract to ManTech Corporation)

Analyze government client’s Distributed Common Ground System-Army (DCGS-A) with more than 60 components, including laptops, work station computers, servers, processors and more, to allow the Army to collect and process intelligence data.
Developing Release Notes documentation enhancements and identify opportunities and strategies to improve business efficiency and ensure that the desired result is achieved in a timely manner.
As part of the Data Migration team created, updated and maintained the data dictionary for the Classified and Top-Secret database schemas.
Meet with clients and users to assist with their data migration needs.
Experience in developing with Liquibase open-source library to track database changes.
Created project plan(s) for the migration process, including mapping risks and potential impact.
Undertake audit(s) of existing data and cleaned data as necessary to remove the potential for issues with data migration process.
Tested database(s) before and after the migration process to compare and ensure table structure, entity relationship and attributes accuracy.
Fixed any outstanding faults or issues with migrated data, and documenting the processes, issues, and fixes that have been deployed.
Developed best practice standards and protocols for DCGS’s data migration.
Knowledge of application modeling languages/techniques (entity relationship modeling) including the ability to create and read the associated diagrams.
Assisting with Developing VM Stacks for software developers.
Experience working with Database DISA STIGS.

January 2019 – February 2022
Perspecta (Peraton), 1600 N Beauregard St., Alexandria, Virginia
Sr. Business Analyst IV / Data Analyst/Tester (Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency - (DCSA))

Analyzed government client’s Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA) business requirements and processes, developed Release Notes documentation enhancements and identified opportunities and strategies to improve business efficiency and ensured that the desired result is achieved in a timely manner.
Attended morning briefing with Client’s stakeholders and organizations to report system(s) updates.
Good communication skills and ability to work independently on projects and tasks, and took direction from senior IT personnel and collaborated and shared work with other Testers.
Conducted regression tests in the software development cycle to ensure that changes introduced caused no unintended breaks, no additional bugs or issues caused by the fixes implemented to ensure the application works as intended.
Assisted with the rolled-out projects which included gathering and updating business requirements, test document, Production Release Notes and recommending additional enhancements.
Assisted and examines logs carefully to identify issues and conduct a thorough analysis to understand and determine their underlying causes.
Executed business problem identification while analyzing and documenting business requirements to provide recommendations to implement streamlined and appropriate solutions.
Assisted with developing and implementing IT architecture plans, Enterprise Information Architecture standard and guidelines, software development methodologies and strategic plans
Ran test scenarios for software usability and prepares reports on the software’s effectiveness and defects for the Development Team.
Documented the steps to reproduce defects, associated test data, and other relevant information using EXCEL spreadsheet.
Collected and analyzed business requirements, update User’s documentation, functional requirements documents, documented application information flow and performed front-end application testing.
Executed test cases for all application(s) environment releases to confirm original business requirements were met and existing functionality was intact.
Proven experience in developing information architectures aligned information lifecycle management.
Analyzed data documentation and research database content to verify and validate data, and mapping data to the client’s business requirements.
Experience with database querying techniques including strong SQL skills, verified and validated front-end data by creating and executing SQL queries using SQL Developer.
Developed documentation as needed for application(s) such as Database Design (including high level ERD Diagrams), Database Dictionary, User Application, etc.
Translated business requirements into appropriate technical specifications.
Used JIRA for tracking issues such as opening, closing and updating tickets
Collected document and assemble user and business requirements.
Experience working with other teams (NBIS, DISA, DCSA) or interfacing applications (SNOW, JIRA) to identify, document and manage dependencies and potentially competing priorities.
Experience communicating technical concepts to non-technical audiences using multiple forms such as verbal and written.
Identifying when other team members need help and providing it in a clear, logical, and well documented way to ensure team success.
Display dedication to helping team overall Requirements.

June 2012 – August 2018
Innovative Element
Sr. Consultant/ Business analyst (Defense Information Systems Agency-DISA)

• Analyzed government client’s Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) business requirements
and processes through document analysis, interviews, workshops, and workflow analysis.
Engaged clients to gather software requirements/business rules and ensure alignment with development teams.
Translated government agency’s requirements into different tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases, user stories, process diagrams and data model diagrams.
Identified and reconciled errors in Position Designation System (PDT)data to ensure accurate business requirements.
Identified and reconciled errors in NBIS's (PIPS) current billing system data to ensure accurate business requirements.
Drafted and maintained business requirements and align them with functional and technical requirements for both Position Designation System (PDT) and NBIB (PIPS) current billing system.
Facilitated bi-weekly meetings with clients to document requirements and explore potential solutions.
Communicated client’s business requirements by constructing easy-to-understand data and process models for both PDT and Billing systems using Top Team Desktop Application.
Liaise between business and technical personnel to ensure a mutual understanding of processes and applications.
Documented and identified all case type and service type standard requirements and extra coverages used and needed for all types of background investigations and re-investigations for a position.
Drafted and designed an online mechanism to store product information as a gateway to access standard requirements and base cost for all case type investigations and re-investigations for a position(s).

Element Fleet Management, Sparks, Maryland
Title: Mainframe Lead Consultant/Assistance Project Manager, (APEX SYSTEMS)
August 2016 – April 2017

Supervised multiple projects to preserve the architectural vision and protect stakeholder interests

April 2000 - November 2011
Verizon Communications
Senior Member of Technical Staff/Business Analyst/Database Analyst

Served as lead database analyst for project migrating mainframe data from IBM /DB2 database to Oracle database to support FIOS conversion and managed the creation, storage, processing, disposition, and archival of Information Management Lifecycle.
Education

Master of Science degree in Database Systems Technology
Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics
Oracle Training and Certification Program (John Hopkins Training Center)
Training course in Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Integration: Information Assurance Symposium (Cyber Security Training (NSA))
Contact this candidate