Contd….Page *
Curriculum Vitae – Lieut ShekarRM Kamakshi
BSC – 2002
April
BSC Goa University, Goa, India. PES College,Goa
1993-
1996
GNM Degree Defence Organistaion,
Hyderabad, India.
Defence institute,
Hyderabad
1992 March Higher
Secondary
School
Certificate
(H S.S.C)
Board of Intermediate
Education, Goa.
PES HSSC,Goa
March 1989 Secondary School
Certificate
(S.S.C)
Board of
Secondary School Education, A.P.
PES SSC, Goa,
2011 To 2013 Welingkar’s Institute Bangalore Management Leadership program for 15 Months durations from Infosys
Pvt. Ltd
Welingkar’s Institute
Bangalore
E-mail: ad7sek@r.postjobfree.com ,
ad7sek@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: +919*********
Objective:
To work with innovative Tasks.
Strength:
Multi skilled Professional.
Professional Profile:Successful long term customer relationship management Dedicated and results-driven with a highly successful background in the achievement of profitable business growth through the creation and Grab the opportunity Educational Qualification:
Experience Details are shown Below
• IBM/Kyndryl Pvt Ltd 2014 to Till Date :-
Experienced as Windows and Linux Admin Technologies technical specialist – Senior Associate infrastructurespecialist Performed the role of Data Analyst Manager for preparation of reports and conducted the event of Techfulcrum and supported forTaking customer calls and connectingover the remote take over for resolution of technical application and configuration issues of Lotus Notes and installation of various applications like Lotus Notes and various errors as per the error displayed Handled Service Delivery and Operations. Preparation of SOW done with Process Training & Certification. Resource planning with dailyreports. Engaged in Quality Programming. Performance & SLA planning compliance. Process Compliance and Customer interaction done. Work Allocation and Governance Compliance Dealt in Process. Knowledge Management Process Re- Engineering done. Resource optimization Business Transformation with Revenue Enhancement. Csat Process done on time. Audits & Compliance dealt. System Administrator responsibilities include: Installing and configuring software, hardware and networks Monitoring system performance and troubleshooting issues Ensuring security and efficiency of IT infrastructure maintaining organizational policies to ensure the integrity of their network and computer systems
At Present I am working as a Senior Associate, Infrastructure Specialist and previously Worked for the SCCM & SPP/Tivoli Storage for monitoring activities of Tivoli and also to
deal with the team activities and various reports of the team and worked with theTivoli account and performed the SME role/Subject Matter Expert In IGA HYD. My work was to send the reports of the work done on daily/monthly/yearly basis. To give floor support for the querries of the issues on the system. To monitor the agents if they are active on the work. Also to help the agents in Technical Support querries on the system via the Remote Connection process. Dealing with the technical issues endlessly and resolving the issue by maintaining the SLAs. To deal with the escalation emails and to update the process knowledge of the agents. To share the Updates of the Process and to improve and maintain the Business Goals.
I have attached my CV which reflects my experience. At Present I am working as a Senior Associate, Infrastructure Specialist, CMM Kyndryl and previously Worked for the SPP/ SPP/Spectrum Protect Plus Tivoli Storage and deal with the health checks of the TSM events also dealt with the team activities and various reports of the team and performed the SME role/Subject Matter Expert In IGA. In IGA performed the Team Lead role/SME role. I have always worked endlessly for the Up taking of process work by giving the first priority for the clients on the IGA floor. I am a Band 6a employee and I have done the end to end work to resolve the user issues of the system via the remote.
Achievements - lead the CMM accounts in the events for giving presentations in Techfulcrum and co-ordinated with various teams. I am a lead and a team player. I have also participated in the event of the introduction of the OS Windows 10 & Linux on the IGA Floor. I have always shared the resolutions for the Client Services leading to the satisfaction of the Client. I have Initiated and updated the resolutions with the team. And I have done the Management Course for 15 months from the Welingkar's Institute. I have directed the event of Projector ideation quiz on mobile connect via SystemTroubleshooting and knowledge on Designing Solutions for Windows &Linux Supporting of Teams, Knowledge of Automation Tools Knowledge of Backup process, Defect ManagementSCCM Administration, Troubleshooting, Vulnerability ManagementStorage Technical Leadership & fault fixing level 3/4Networking DHCP/WINS/DNS Vcenter/Vsphere,Active Directory,Roadmaps management Documentation for system architecture processes and procedures.To Give presentations and prepare slides on various topics-aimed5+Yrs experience leading delivery teams and quality services to customers.Got Knowledge on and improvement onCMM Database & Storage Team: Managed the Yammer groups for Database & Storage Worked with CIO Projects and Conducted the Techfulcrum events quarterly Managed the Yammer groups for Database & Storage Worked with CIO Projects and Conducted the Techfulcrum events quarterly.Experience in OS platforms
Experience in Cloud technologies (VMWARE suite)
Hands on experience in ticketing and monitoring systems (Ex BMC suite-, REMEDY etc.,).Hand on experience in any one Data base technology Basic knowledge of Ansible/Unix/ Windows/Linux/Patching
• Experience in Windows/ Linux relational Admin work
• Familiarity with Windows/Linux server configuration and management activities&Strong knowledge base of Ansible Pre - Experience: Infosys Pvt Ltd 2009 to 2014: Taking customer calls and connectingover the remote take over for resolution of technical application and configuration issues of Lotus Notes and installation of various applications like Lotus Notes and various errors as per the error displayed. Worked for Process Specialist Role/Technical Hardware and Software Support Wipro Technologies Pvt Ltd: 2008 to 2009 Taking customer calls and connectingover the remote take over for resolution of technical application and configuration issues of Lotus Notes and installation of various applications like Lotus Notes and various errors as per the error displayed
Aegis Plus Essar: From 2007 to 2008 Upselling outbound broadband sales. Taking customer calls and connectingover the remote take over for resolution of technical application and configuration issues of Lotus Notes and installation of various applications like Lotus Notes and various errors as per the error displayed
Worked in the Indian Defence Organisation: Worked as a Lieut from 1993 to 2001 In Indian Army Artificial Intelligence Created Templates and automated AI-Got credibility of Generative AI/ML and Generative AIinitiatives.I am a leader who can build and motivate a team of professionals.Got the organizational skills to manage to a set of metrics. The entrepreneurial spirit and perseverance got through the hard work and attention to detail required to build a consulting practice in Kyndryl. IT Skills:
1. MS OFFICE365
2. Hardware Networking
3. OperatingSystem Windows/Linux
4. Green Belt Certified
5. Various Badges, Cloud Solutioning & Cloud Monitoring&Management 6. SPP/Spectrum Protect Plus Certification
7. Management Champ
8. 4 Star’s
9. India Flag Badge \
10. SAP ERP /SAP MM
11. Service Now Functional
12. Data Analyst
13. Java
14. ITIL Foundation Certified
15. Azure VDI
16. AWS
17. VMware
18. Windows/Linux OS
19. Prompt Engineering
20. Power BI
21. SQL
22. Generative AI/Chat GPT
23. PMP
Hobbies: To carry out the Corporate company player works and to lead the work being done. Languages:
English, French, Hindi, Telugu
Personal Profile
Name Rebala Kamakshi
Date of birth : 01 May
Address : India
Gender : Female
Nationality : Indian
Thank You & Regards, Kamakshi Rebala, Mobile:91-929******
Contact this candidate