CURRICULUM VITAE
Full Name Atatagi TOFILAU (a.k.a. Tofilau Atatagi Mulipola Tofilau)
Adress and Contact Info 2733 41st Ave SE, Albany OR, 97322
+541-***-**** ad7tqt@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary I am a Monitoring & Evaluation and Review Expert with vast work experience in Statistics and Agribusiness. My experience started in 1997 and he has over 5 years work experience in the Samoan Department of Statistics, collecting, analysing, and compiling various statistical information from different data sources as well as surveys and censuses. Later I was a Sector Analyst from 2012 to 2015 at the now Samoa Business Hub (SBH) for which I was responsible for research in all sectors and report on their respective progress on an annual basis.
I coordinated quite a few consultations for different sectors on separate occasions, including Fisheries, and is known for my reputation of delivering high quality outputs. I continued with SBH and contracted in a World Bank funded project for Agriculture
(SACEP) as an Agro Marketing Development Advisor and as an M&E expert. I am very familiar with the Samoan agriculture development, cocoa sector, and related market linkages and is held as a high regard analyst.
My most recent project was a National Evaluator for the FCG ANZDEC Group Ltd to conduct a Midterm Review for the National Cocoa Revival Project in 2020. Education
Bachelor of Information Systems - Manukau Institute of Technology (MIT), Auckland, 2007-2009
National Certificate in Arts - Samoa College, Vaivase-tai, Apia, Upolu (Samoa), 1992 - 1995
Languages English Samoan
Employment Record
Year 2020
Position and Employer National Evaluator (Consultant) – FCG ANZDEC Group Ltd Year: 2017 – 2018
Position and employer: Monitoring & Evaluation Expert – World Bank & Samoa Ministry of Agriculture & Fisheries (Samoa Agriculture Competitiveness Enhancement Project (SACEP)) Year: 2015 – 2016
Position and employer: Agro Marketing Development Advisor – Small Business Enterprise Centre (SBEC), World Bank (SACEP)
Year: 2012 – 2015
Position and Employer: Sector Analyst – Small Business Enterprise Centre (SBEC) Year: 2012
Position and Employer: Information Officer – Samoa Umbrella for Non-Government Organisations (SUNGO) Year: 2003 – 2007
Position and Employer: Safety Promotional Officer (Data Analyst) – Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC) Year: 2002
Position and Employer: Quality Assurance Engineer (Data Analyst) – Yazaki Samoa Eds Year: 1997 – 2002
Position and Employer: Statistical Clerk – Department of Statistics, Samoa Prior assignments that best illustrates capability to handle the assigned tasks: Project: Samoa Agriculture Competitiveness Enhancement Project (SACEP) Location: Samoa Year: 2015 – 2018
Position: Monitoring & Evaluation Assistant (MAF – Ministry of Agriculture) Client: World Bank
Main activities: The Matching Grant Project (MGP) was part of the SACEP. The objective was to improve and increase agricultural production. This was done by providing an incentive to farmers to invest in their farms through a matching grant scheme. Farmers groups were heavily involved with organizations such as WIBDI
(Women in Business Development Inc.), Samoa Farmers Associations (SFA), Cocoa & Coconut Cluster Groups, Soil Health Inc., Ministry of Health, Ministry of Women Community & Social Development (women & youth), Ministry of Education, and Ministry of Finance. As an M&E Expert, activities included coordinating survey planning, data CURRICULUM VITAE
collection, data analysis and reporting on project implementation processes. Assisting farmers gain access to grant monies allocated for their respective projects and related ongoing monitoring, evaluation, and reporting. Project: Samoa Agriculture Competitiveness Enhancement Project (SACEP) Location: Samoa Year: 2015 – 2016
Position: Agro-Marketing Development Advisor
Client: World Bank, South Asia Cooperative Environment Programme (SACEP) Main activities: Assessing individual applications, followed by interviews to determine eligibility before field inspection to confirm final approval of eligibility. I lead the team in trainings and workshops during the initial processes, including preparations of business plans and loan applications. Activities also included coordination of Market Linkage platform for Farmers to deal directly with the Market, Coordination of the distribution of new technologies and new import substitution crops, Assisting in drafting the Monthly Progress Reports and Market Analysis which involved direct consultations with stakeholders such as supermarkets, NGOs, public entities such as Ministries and farmers, Overseeing the Market Surveys and Workshops for farmers and the consumers. Location: Samoa Year: 2012 – 2015
Position: Sector Analyst
Client: Small Business Enterprise Centre (funded by the NZ Government) Main activities: Managing, compiling, analyzing and reporting statistical information on Agriculture, Fisheries, Handicrafts and Arts, Manufacturing, Services and Tourism. This included interviews for data collection, field visits, and stakeholders’ consultations and meetings. Through conducting the interviews, I was able to network with the small, medium and large cocoa farmers and review their production levels and the ability to meet market demands via the cocoa industry manufacturers, agro processors and exporters. Every year I conducted client re-views and performance evaluations for each sector. I also assisted international consultants in collaborative assignments due to my good networks.
Location: Samoa Year: 2003 – 2007
Position: Safety Promotional Officer (Data Analyst) Client: Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC)
Main activities: Managing all client information portfolios, Producing monthly promotional mate-rials such as a newsletter, update the website, and produce press releases for all events. Location: Samoa Year: 2002
Position: Quality Assurance Engineer (Data Analyst) Client: Yazaki Samoa Eds
Main activities: Compile statistical analysis for wire harness defects for all assembly lines for GM, Toyota & Mitsubishi, Supervise Calibration on special machines. Location: Samoa Year: 1997 – 2002
Position: Statistical Clerk
Client: Department of Statistics
Main activities: Collect, code, compile and analyse statistics, Assist in conducting & supervising ministerial Surveys & Census (Health, HIES, Agriculture Survey & Census (1999 supervisor), Pop Census (Master supervisor 2001) & Surveys), Assist in conducting updates of geographical mappings & listings of households Lifetime Experiences & Skills
• Strong Analytical Skills, Strong Technical Skills, Socially oriented personality, Public Relation, Enthusiastic, Adaptive to new changes, Public Speaker, Team Leader, Communicational skills, Creative & Ideas- Driven, Team Player, Family oriented, Well-Organized, Interpersonal skills, Persuasive & Self Starter, Critical thinking, Adjustable to new environment
Trainings: 1997 - Public Servants Induction Course 1997 - Statistical Analysis & Data Collection Course 1998 - Statistical Operations & Procedures Course
1999 - Sampling Design Course
2000 - Demography & Population Studies Skills Course 2000 - Computer Applications for National Statistics Course 2006 - Occupational Health & Safety
2014 - Community Research Course
2018 - World Bank Capacity Building Program (Procurement, M&E, & Environment Safeguard)
Contact this candidate