AMY AGBANYIM
077********
ad7tif@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
My responsibilities consist of the following:
Intensive product management for onboarding employee and freelance contracts.
Courier arrangements,publishing editor.
Created meeting packages, taken minutes, produced powerpoint presentation.
Acquiring and negotiating music licence contracts.
Management of dealing with sensitive information, vaccination requirements.
Content creation for digital marketing, B2B, B2C,Boutique brands, influencers.
Companies/brands worked with, Disney, Paramount, Sony Fox,BBC, ITV,Endemol,Netflix,and affiliates.
Sourced and booked venues for charity and data analyst focused events.
Handling expense forms, invoices, refunds and cash flow management.

Education
Sept 2004-June 2007 London South Bank University
BA (HONS) Media Studies and Marketing 2:1
Work Experience
Freelance coordinator/Copywriter – May 2017 - Present– Claibon Ltd,Tracsis PLC,Mainstay -Day-Night Concierge
● Data capturing of bike, bus and cycle signs, paths and lanes.
● Within central London
● Assist in student check in, out and extension of contract.
● Concierge duties.
● Organisation of post, private tickets, booking global travel
● Management of room for Luxury and student arrivals.
Freelance Property Inventory clerk – Nov 2013-December 2017
● Handing incoming /outgoing calls.
● Property inventory clerk
● Writing hard copy /online articles.
● Project finance budget.
● Detail orientation of new clientele bookings.
● Management of residential contracts for luxury and student accommodation.
● Creating details log report, audio, imagery collection of visual clips.
● Working with an array of departments, Millward Brown, Financial Services Compensations Scheme, Tree house, Group M, FireFly, BPRI, Kinetic, and Kantar Retail.
● Composing and sending various letters and documents, script approval and copyright management.
● Chasing up invoices, handling a large amount of customer services enquiries, and management and error control of internal systems.
● Xytech and Adobe Premier Pro.
● Producing podcasts and audio slides
● Researching and updating internal directory systems for international insurance companies.
● Management of director’s diaries and liaising with clientele and chasing up invalid PO’S/invoices.
Anne Jagger Recruitment Contract Role - Feb 2011– October 2013
Editing Assistant/Writer–- Love Film – Fixed contract - Jan 2013- Oct 2013
● Quality checker for Kindle Fire tablet systems.
● Logging files into central systems and updating vendor supply details.
● Researching and editing images for online portals and writing summaries for products.
● Arranging off-site archive storage and keeping an accurate record of all archived material.
● To produce media coverage for company website. ●To raise purchase orders.
● Assisting with the implementation and maintenance of office management systems.
● Organisation of contracts and projects.
● To ensure good communication with clients and company personnel.
● A high level of accuracy and time effective decision maker.
● Target orientated and adheres to deadlines when handing large amounts of sensitive data and information.
● Working alongside the finance department.
Switchboard co-ordinator – GBM Ltd-Temp – Ongoing contract – Jan 2012- Dec 2012 – zero contract
● Data entry of invoices, filing, database management.
● Administration of client request.
● Switch board management, and organising incoming calls.
● Management of security request, i.e. Pest control, disposing of hygiene material, or excess office packaging.
● Independent working.
● A telephone manner that is professional and concise in my delivery.
● Handling large amounts of calls and requests.
● To ensure office procedures are followed in accordance with health and safety legislation.
● Strong and reliable customer service skills, adhering to deadlines and completing requests.
Technical Skills
● Intermediate level in Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office, NetSuite, Concept, Apple Mac, Vision I& II, III, Xytech, Xen, Outlook, Excel, SAP, Illustrator and PowerPoint.
● I enjoy travelling.
● Play writing and poetry, attending spoken word events.
Contact this candidate