Kimberly Harrison
**** ******* **** **
Atlanta, Ga 30349
United States
Mobile: 916-***-****
Email: ad7ugl@r.postjobfree.com

Work Experience:
Data Analyst
Norfolk Southern -
Location: Atlanta, GA
Dates: 6/2023 - Present
Salary: $98,000.00 USD Bi-weekly
Hours per week: 60
Supervisor: Terry +1-773-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties and Accomplishments:

•Utilized Microsoft Office Suite for data analysis, report generation, and presentation development.
•Created data visualizations with MATLAB, Tableau, and Power BI to support decision-making processes.
Used Microsoft Project to create and maintain project plans, track tasks, milestones, and deliverables, and ensure timely completion of all phases of BI projects.
•Implemented performance-tuning techniques to optimize WDS dashboards.
•Utilized TOAD data tool for data analysis and manipulation.
•Built and prepared data for analytics, ensuring data quality and accuracy.
Worked with database technologies and data development tools such as PLSQL.
•Optimized query performance using indexes and materialized views.
•Analyzed vulnerability data and developed strategies to address identified risks.
Worked closely with stakeholders and the PMO team to ensure alignment on project objectives and deliverables.
•Developed PowerPoint presentations to communicate data insights and project updates to stakeholders.
•Collaborated with transportation and field forces to ensure safe and effective handling of issues.
Cultivated collaborative relationships with train crews, C&S field forces, NOC, and Mechanical teams.
Submitted Remedy tickets for malfunctioning detectors.
•Monitored and troubleshot wayside detector alerts and issues in real-time.
•Analyzed and interpreted complex data sets to provide actionable insights and recommendations.
Developed and maintained comprehensive reports and data visualizations utilizing Remedy and PTC, implementing performance tuning techniques to optimize WDS dashboards.
•Assessed functional and technical risks related to data sources and ensured adherence to business rules.
•Conducted test cases to validate analysis, test assumptions, and ensure data quality.
Followed best practices for data ingestion and data design.

Norfolk Southern - Mechanical Supervisor
Location: Atlanta, GA
Dates: 6/2023 - 11/2023
Salary: $90,000.00 USD Bi-weekly
Hours per week: 70
Supervisor: Terry +1-773-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties and Accomplishments:

•Provided first-line supervision for craft personnel on an assigned shift for mechanical operations.
Supervised freight car and locomotive repair facility operations, including diesel locomotive overhaul and repair of electrical and mechanical components.
•Managed the manufacture, repair, and modification of shop equipment and car department tools and dies.
•Oversaw overhaul, repair, and modification of business car mechanical and electrical systems.
Inspected, serviced, and repaired freight cars and maintained support equipment as required.
•Managed line-of-road train problems, repairs, and emergencies such as derailments, crossing accidents, spillage, or lading problems.

Internal Revenue Service - Contact Representative
Location: Atlanta, GA
Dates: 6/2021 - 6/2023
Salary: $39,000.00 USD Bi-weekly
Hours per week: 40
Series: 0001 Special-10 Point Veteran
Pay Plan: IR - Internal Revenue Service Broadband Classification and Pay System Positions Only
Grade: 6
Supervisor: Amanda +1-530-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties and Accomplishments:

•Delegated managerial authority to oversee the planning, directing, and execution of IRS programs.
Developed, assigned, and maintained higher-level clearance of goals and objectives for supervisors and employees.
•Approved multiyear and longer-range work plans developed by supervisors and leads of subordinate units.
•Managed business employees on small business tax issues via telephone and correspondence.
Oversaw correspondence explaining IRS tax decisions and provided detailed explanations.
Assisted with Business Services programs for the IRS, including compensation and tax explanations.
Wrote correspondence for supervisors and employees, responding to business taxpayer inquiries.
•Explained legal provisions, regulations, and administrative practices for case-specific issues.
Initiated inquiries to resolve errors or delays in obtaining benefits, verifying over 350,000 claims and appeals.
•Maintained knowledge of IRS laws and regulations across states, focusing on reporting requirements.

Operations Manager
All Auto Transportation LLC
6862 Cavalier court
Stone Mountain, GA

12/2015 - 06/2021
Salary: $100,000.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40
Supervisor: Vanessa Montgomery 916-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
•Managed teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget, and with the desired results.
•Ran reports daily, weekly, and quarterly to ensure we were meeting and superseding the goal put in front of us. Managed a team of fifty including drivers and in office staff.
•Hired new team members to ensure all business needs were met in different time zones.
•Developed research on new and old markets to ensure we were able to continue to expand.
•Perform freight services according to company and government regulations.
•Plan and coordinate pick-up and delivery schedules. Work with Shippers, Carriers, and Dispatchers to manage the schedules.
•Track and report shipment status to customers.
Manage multiple deliveries, process spot requests and develop new sales strategies to improve business. Resolve freight discrepancies in a timely manner. Respond to customer concerns and queries professionally. Maintain positive and productive relationships with customers.
•Identify and contact qualified carriers for freight services. Negotiate contract and pricing agreements with carriers. Developed special discounts and promotions for customers. Contact current and potential customers for new business opportunities.
•Maintain strong relationships with multiple carriers.
•Ensure that freight paperwork is completed and approved before transportation.
•Maintain freight files and customer receipts for reference purposes.

Data Analyst
Crickett Wireless
575 morosgo dr ne
Atlanta, GA

1/2013 - 12/2015
Salary: $70,000.00 USD Bi-weekly
Hours per week: 40
Supervisor: James Wright 404-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Supported direct RQ campaign, managed major accounts for Cricket and assisted with RQ Conversion
Collaborated with creative teams, vendors, internal groups, and clientele and data management teams throughout the project's lifecycle to create and execute fully integrated direct POS service to stores around the US.
Analyzed data to asses’ effectiveness, identify new channels, and plan targeted campaigns.
Assisted business development efforts by researching new markets to expand new locations.
Presented strategies to both vendors and clientele and analyzed and compared data to enhance
the quality of our products and services.
Managed and tracked monthly, weekly, and daily updates to ensure vendors were able to convert to the new database before deadline.

Product Manager
Comcast
One Comcast Center
Philadelphia, PA

1/2013 - 1/2014
Salary: $80,000.00 USD Bi-weekly
Hours per week: 40
Supervisor: Mike James 678-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Managed a cross functional team including vendors:
Plan and manage multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to
drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains.
Driving weekly work, heading team meetings and identify project jeopardies for product
development track financial expenditures against our budget which achieved seamless migrations
and integrations that were transparent to client customers, accomplished with no unscheduled
downtime and delivered by as much as $750K under budget.
Assists with developing sales territory, including cultivation of local business partnerships and
organizational affiliations.
Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business
objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget
and with the desired results.
Forecasted new leads with targeted businesses through various prospecting activities, and
partner relationships.

Project Manager
Verizon Wireless
one verizon way
Basking Ridge, NJ

12/2002 - 12/2013
Salary: $60,000.00 USD Bi-weekly
Hours per week: 40
Supervisor: Lillian 916-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Successfully developed and grown valuable business relationships by:

Project coordination from conception to completion, defining project scope, and effective
managing of change by providing contingency plans which shortened processes from weeks to
minutes.
Plan, execute, monitor & control, and close multiple concurrent projects (new/relocation/expansion), establish project scope, create schedules, implement activities, and close contracts using MS Project to ensure accurate scheduling and resource management.
Identify risks in projects and use proven project management techniques to assess and mitigate.
Manage vendors to accomplish goals by continuously challenging each to realize improved
pricing, and increased/improved service level agreements, in order to meet or exceed on time, on
budget expectations.
Track store project status, maintain database, update reporting and other project deliverables to successfully complete projects and communicate status to Senior Management. Successfully mitigated risk through analyzing profitability, revenue, margins, and bill rates. Monitored accurate invoicing and receivables for projects using MS Project for comprehensive tracking.
Reduced risk by 30% by making appropriate budget estimates and updates.
Improved the consistency, recoverability and accessibility of data.

Business Analyst

Managed a cross functional team including vendors:
Maintained and serviced national accounts by using formal processes and tools to manage
resources, budget, and risk.
Completed projects up to two months ahead of schedule, as much as $2.2M under budget and to universal client acclaim.

Education:

DeVry University Alpharetta, GA United States
Bachelor's degree 1 / 2011
GPA: 3.80 of a maximum 3.80
Credits Earned: Semester Hours
Major: Project Management
Contact this candidate