Anup Pandey
Business Intelligence Lead, Architect, Developer
ad7unl@r.postjobfree.com 512-***-****
Austin, TX linkedin.com/in/anupConsultant

Over two decades of experience with full scope of database driven application development: Data Discovery/Data Understanding/Data Profiling/Data Architecture & Modeling/SQL/T-SQL/Performance Optimization as well as designing and implementing related UI/UX.

Innovative and strong problem-solving abilities in implementing fast performing as well as visually appealing UI dashboards using Power BI, TIBCO Spotfire, and Tableau. Have gathered data science experience from supporting the Veteran Affairs’ $100 Billion Community Care budget forecasting team with feature-engineering.

Diverse and multi-domain experience that includes Healthcare, Payroll, Supply Chain, Finance, Environmental Regulations & Compliance, eCommerce, Marketing and more. Have combined my passion for teaching and my sales & marketing skills to train teams and customers.

EXPERIENCE:
Data Dimensions Inc …. Data Analyst/BI Developer June 2021 July 2022
●Data Dimensions is a large Insurance clearinghouse. Fixed Power BI dashboards developed by a previous consulting company and then added rapidly comprehensive visualizations for executives to monitor state of insurance claims processing and intervention needs at all levels. This required understanding complex insurance claims processing and related compliance rules.

Health & Human Services Data Analyst/BI Developer/Data Migration Feb 2019 -April 2020
●Migration of data and visualizations from Oracle to SAP/HANA and designed new reports and charts in SAP / HANA.
●New data visualizations in SAP/HANA.

Financial Services Center, Veteran Affairs Data Analyst/BI Developer December 2017 -December 2018 (through two employees, Initiate Government Solutions until 2018 and now Booz Allen Hamilton)
●Built dashboards for internal VA customers across the nation as part of a 30 member Data Analytics Services (DAS) at the FSC. Platforms used: TIBCO Spotfire, Tableau and Power BI
●Supported ramping the team up to the Power BI platform and key implementer of Dynamic Row Level Security
●Profiled and analyzed data using TOAD and Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. For several projects, modeled the staging and final post ETL data store using VISIO. Reviewed ETL/SSIS code using Visual Studio.
●Analyzed data from a variety of databases, including standard systems like HealthShare Referral Manager (HSRM), Electronic Claims Adjudication System (eCAMS), VA Time and Attendance System (VATAS), Fee Basis Claims System (FBCS), The Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VISTA), Cognos and more.
●Analyzed XML feed from Cognos to support development of a process to import Cognos data into DAS server.
●Supported the data science team in financial forecasting for various programs served by the Office of Community Care. Running R scripts weekly for forecasting updates for each of the VA Office of Community Care’s programs.
●Rescued several failing/slow performing dashboards by improving data volume optimization through aggregation and moving calculations to the database, as well us by rearchitecting the entire backend in some cases.
●Fixed Stored Procedure code on existing Supply Chain and Payroll dashboard backend. Reviewed table indexes and provided index strategy to data engineers based on queries being sent from Power BI dashboard.
●Conducted internal trainings: understanding knowledge and skill gaps in team, initiated & designed focused trainings for both customer and team. Examples: 1) training on methods to reduce and sample data during development stage 2) dimensional modeling.
●Learned to use Python libraries to do data analysis during a 3-month evening course by General Assembly
●Transitioned Office of Community Care Budget Reconciliation and Forecasting dashboards from Spotfire to Power BI
●Transitioned Enterprise Denials dashboard from Spotfire to Power BI. This dashboard was applauded by the customer and was highlighted to the team to follow as an example.

Gensuite, LLC - Austin Director, Application Initiatives June 2014- Sept 2016
●BI and Data Visualization tool selection and implementation for their clients. Provided consulting for database performance issues (SQL Server) and web page designs for best click through rates and engagement. Led and trained the digital marketing team with special emphasis in Google Analytics.
●Initiated several innovative ideas on promoting the Gensuite brand

Geonetry, LLC - Austin Co-Founder, Developer June 2015- Oct 2017
●Formulated a patent pending web domain sharing platform that seamlessly splits ownership by geography. Designed MYSQL database and managed full stack development by several outsourced offshore teams.

Austin Bazaar Music Inc. Director of Technology Feb 2013-May 2014
●Architected a new SQL Server based solution that transformed business operations from Excel & PC based warehouse management system (WASP) to an extensive suite of custom build web applications using Adobe’s Coldfusion and Javascript for the front-end. Efficiency improvements led the company to a 30% growth in 2013.
●Transitioned the e-commerce platform from Volusion to Magento Enterprise (mySQL and php).
●Enabling data synchronization automation (ETL) between Magento MySQL DB, eBay, and Amazon FBA and WASP (MSSQL based inventory management software)
●Developed a warehouse order picking application that also auto unbundled and bundled products based on availability
●Developed a real time multi-user end-of-year inventory audit system

Semiprecious.com Developer, Owner Feb 2009 - June 2013
●Created a full feature e-commerce platform: MS SQL architecture, UI/UX using Adobe’s Cold Fusion
●Applied Google Analytics, Webmaster Tools, PPC, Adsense, Adwords, SEO, SEM and Web UI/UX

Gensuite / General Electric – Austin Database Architect Oct 2001 - June 2009
●Architected databases for over 20 applications. Wrote Stored Procedures and Triggers for data synchronization and integrity checks across all GE environmental information management databases (SQL Server) supporting the suite of applications. Current user base for Gensuite is 1M.
●Provided SQL Performance consulting to all application. Used SQL Profiler to suggest better query plans and index design.
●Planned and executed data migration and transformation (ETL) for many onboarding new customers. ETL code was written in Coldfusion. This was done in pre-SSIS days.
●Transitioned hundreds of pages of Gensuite web-application from MS Access DB to SQL Server when Gensuite was accepted as a GE Best Practice and ready to scale up to the global GE enterprise.

Sulekha.com – Austin, TX Sales & Marketing Strategy Oct 2000 - Sept 2001
●A portal for the Indian diaspora. Saved the struggling startup with 2 innovative marketing strategies

General Electric – Atlanta, GA eBusiness Reporting Aug 1999 - Sept 2000
●Helped GE Corporate with their new eBusiness initiatives - in design of ecommerce and intra-business web portals. Managed work by a programmer and reviewed Java Server Pages (JSP) and javscript code and SQL Server database.

General Electric – Schenectady, NY Environmental Information Management June 1998 - Sept 2000
●Developed web-based platform for chemical management - Safety Data Sheet (SDS) and regulatory reporting for all of GE. Used Coldfusion and Javascript for front end and MS Access as backend.

Environmental Resource Management, Inc – Albany, NY Environmental Engineer May 1996 - June 1998
●Developed, maintained, sold and implemented MS Access based air permit management application. This was one of the most popular pre-internet air permit generator and compliance management application developed by a 3-member team. Our customers were 30 large corporations including Bristol Meyers, GE, Tinker Airforce Base, Carrier Corp.
●MS Access database design, MS Access Forms, MS Access Reports and some Visual Basic

Dames & Moore – Cincinnati, OH Environmental Engineer March 1995 - May 1996
●Permit writing for industrial equipment and pollutant emissions calculations in MS Excel for the permits. Innovated automatic permit filling using MS Excel macros. Inspiration to learn databases came from the excessive amount of inefficiency experienced in permit writing and compliance management

EDUCATION:
MS in Environmental and Resource Engineering State University of New York, Syracuse. 1995
Teaching Assistantship. Taught Environmental Engineering classes
Thesis: Effectiveness of vertical plates in flocculation of particles in waste-water clarifiers. This was studied by use of finite element analysis simulation. The simulation was written in Turbo Pascal.

BS in Chemical Engineering Indian Institute of Technology, New Delhi, India 1991
IITs of India are world renowned prestigious institutes of technology whose alumni have produced 60% of the startups in the Silicon Valley.

CERTIFICATIONS:

Big Data Certificate course Fundamentals of Data Science by General Assembly (Python based) Informatica training
SAP Lumira Certificate course.

OTHER SKILLS:

HTML, php, Javascript, CSS, Coldfusion, SSIS, JSON, XML, Wordpress, engaging presentation materials & delivery, remote worker

Authorized to work In the United States: Permanent Resident (applied for U.S. citizenship) & references on request
Contact this candidate