VIBHOR KUMAR
ad7vtm@r.postjobfree.com : +918********* Linkedin Chaibasa, India
ABOUT ME Motivated, teamwork-oriented, and responsible Data Analyst with 2+ years of experience. My expertise in SQL, Excel, and Python, combined with experience in data visualization, data cleaning using SQL queries and analysis for sales reports, And Analyzing data using statistical techniques and providing reports. Worked with complex datasets and trained new hires to work with them as well. EDUCATION SRM Institute of Science & Technology 2016 - 2020 B. Tech – Electronics & Instrumentation CGPA: 7.41 Sri Chaitanya Techno School 2015 - 2016
Senior Secondary (Class XII) Percentage: 63.6
TECHNICAL SKIILS Python, Python libraries (Numpy, Pandas, Seaborn,Matplotlib) Advanced SQL, Power BI, Tableau, Data Visualization, Machine Learning(Basic), Artificial Intelligence(Basic),Statistics, Data Cleaning, Organizing and analyzing data, Data Mining, Data Warehousing.
EXPERIENCE
Yatra Online Ltd
Data Analyst May 2023 - Present
• Leveraged Python Programming expertise to streamline and automate critical data process, resulting in a substantial increase in operational efficiency.
• Designed and implementation data driven solutions, incorporating libraries such as pandas, Numpy to process and manipulate large datasets efficiently.
• Demonstrated proficiency in power BI to transform complex data into insightful visualization and reports, driving data driven decision making across the organization.
• Developed and maintained interactive dashboards and reports in power BI, providing actionable insights.
• Developed complex SQL queries and scripts to extract, transform, and load (ETL) large datasets, facilitating data analysis and reporting processes. Credgenics
Dec 2021- May 2023
Data Analyst
Filtering and cleaning raw data.
Automate the process of cleaning data.
Translate data into visualizations, metrics, and goals. Analyzing data using statistical techniques and providing reports. Data cleaning using SQL queries and analysis for sales reports. Deliver unique, innovative reports to executive leadership. Within a four-month getting an appreciation certificate in recognition of exceptional performance. The company has assigned a team to manage major clients like Kotak Mahindra, IIFL (Gold Loan),TVS,Yes Bank, Hero Fincrop.
Onboarding new clients.
Mazatron Pvt Limited
Sep 2021 – Nov 2021
Data Analyst (Intern)
Optimized data collection procedures and generated reports on a weekly, monthly, quarterly, and Yearly basis.
Used advanced Microsoft Excel and the XLOOKUP function to efficiently create pivot tables and pivot reporting.
Convert raw data into visualizations for better understanding, giving feedback, and Customer-end data.
Track daily, weekly and monthly data to analyze whether all departments and employees hit the target or not and report to the manager.
Using Excel and Power BI tools for preparing data cleaning and data analysis like removing or modifying data that is incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, duplicated, or improperly formatted. Using Power BI tools to generate reports and Dashboards also prepare for presentations using MS PowerPoint.
ACHIEVEMENTS Got a Certificate of Appreciation from Credgenics. Internshala Training Program on Data Analytics and Machine Learning Post-Graduation Program on Data Science.
Data Science Internship on IIBM Institute of Business Management Providing expertise in data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing Translating numbers and facts to inform strategic business decisions Analyzing sales figures, market research, logistics, or transport data Creating and following processes to keep data confidential. DECLARATION I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Contact this candidate