Kieule Nguyen
408-***-****
ad7vgx@r.postjobfree.com
San Jose, California, USA

OBJECTIVE
Seeking a Business Analyst position or any jobs in related fields.

PROFESSIONAL & TECHNICAL SKILLS
●Large Data Sets, Metrics, KPIs, Data Analyst, Automate Reports and Dashboards, Data mining, Data modeling, Data Visualization, Data-Driven,
●Project Management, Program Management, Operational Efficiency & Process Improvement
●Tableau: Dashboards and Reports, Filters, Parameters, Sets, Field Calculation, Table Calculations, Charts, Tables, Trend
●MS Excel: Formulas and IF functions, Pivot table, Vlookups and Charts.
●MS access Queries, Forms and Reports
●MS PowerPoint: Tables, Charts, Objects and Animations.
●Oracle, SQL: Queries, Data Extract
●CRM: Salesforce and SAP: Data Administration, Data Managing and Extract
●Web-based Meeting tools: Webex, Zoom, Teams
●MS SharePoint: Files, Emails,
●Channel Sales Operation, Channel Partner Programs, Professional services Partners, Support services Partners, SaaS, Resellers and Distributors, End Customers, Customer Successes, CRM.
● Partner Enablement, Partner Performance, Partner Training, Partner Sales, Partner Program Guidelines, Partner Playbooks.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
NetApp Inc.- San Jose, CA 09/2006-10/2020
Sr. Business Analyst/Channel Sales & Services Operations
●Supported Global Channel Sales Partner Program teams to help Partners to sell more products and services.
●Developed and utilized Partner metrics (KPIs) around Partners Training, forecast Sales, Sales, Services and Supports
●Created Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly and Ad-Hoc Reports and Dashboards in Excel workbooks and in Tableau.
●Tracked Partner Performance metrics and ensure the partners meet the requirements of the Partner Programs such as: Partner Training completion, Partner Agreements Partner Services and Supports, Services Attached Rate, Numbers of call per System, Partners Sales. Pipeline, Forecast, Bookings, Rebate, Incentive and Discount ect,…
●Managed Many different projects such as: Data and Dashboards migration, UAT testing, Market Development Funds (MDF), Sales Compensation, Annual Operating Plan (AOP).
●Created quarterly business review using MS PowerPoint for presentations to the stakeholders such as Director, VP, Partner Development Managers and Sales Reps.
●Managed and updated ongoing data integrity in tools.
●Collaborated with Products & Services, IT, Marketing and Finance teams to ensure the contents are up-to date and validated the data as the requirements for each partner program in each Pathway, Geo, Region, Areas or Market Segments.

●Posted Documents, maintained and updated the contents on the partners’ websites.
●Onboarded the Partners into the Partner Programs: Enter Partner Profiles into the tools, set up the Partner Contact Accounts to give them the access into the tools, assigned them to the Partner Learning Path, send out the Partner Program Guidelines and the Welcome Kits to the Partners.

Cisco System 05/2005- 07/ 2006
Data Analyst
●Assisted team lead to update AVL, keep tracking and upload the documents on EMARS for RoHS compliant Part Numbers.
●Contacted the suppliers to collect the drawings, CoC and L1 reports then uploaded in the system.

Nextel Communications- Walnut Creek, CA 09/2002- 09/2004
RF Analyst
●Assisted team lead in analyzing the data test of the cells and sites for Western Region such as the busiest hour, the number of calls that failed, number of calls blocking, hangover and dropped calls of the cells.
●Prepared summary reports, spreadsheets, pivot tables, Excel functions, graphics, and charts based on the analysis of data.
●Generating report Using MapInfo based off of mapping statistics, drop calls, performance metrics, locations, etc. The data is related to a Sales tracking application.

METRICOM INC, Los Gatos, CA 05/1998- 07/2002
Network Data Analyst
●Assisted team lead in analyzing the data test of the cells and sites for Western Region such as the busiest hour, the number of calls that failed, number of calls blocking, hangover and dropped calls of the cells.
●Prepared summary reports, spreadsheets, pivot tables, Excel functions, graphics, and charts based on the analysis of data.
●Generating report Using MapInfo based off of mapping statistics, drop calls, performance metrics, locations, etc. The data is related to a Sales tracking application.

EDUCATION:
● Bachelor’s Degree of Science
●University of California at Irvine- Irvine, CA
Contact this candidate