New Britain, CT ***** 860-***-**** ad7vtt@r.postjobfree.com

.

SANDRA CORTES

SKILLS
Great communication and interpersonal skills
Computer Literacy: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project and Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central, Oracle, SAP (P40, P90 and P10), Business Objects, Access, and Primavera
Manage deadlines appropriately
Strong analytical and organizational skills
Fast learner and team oriented
Ability to work with minimal supervision and under pressure
Bilingual: English and Spanish

EDUCATION

Central Connecticut State University, New Britain, CT
Master Degree in Construction Management, December/2022

University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez, P.R.
Bachelor Degree in Plastic Arts, with a minor in French Language, May/2002

Université du Sorbonne, Paris, France
Certificat de Course de Civilization Française de la Sorbonne, Juillet /1999

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Successful and quick-learning supply chain professional, with experience of more than 9 years in the aerospace industry. Vast knowledge in ERP/MRP software like SAP P10, P01, P40 and P90, inventory management, and analytics. Highly effective at leading teams. Extremely competent in ensuring on-time delivery of goods and services.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Cyient April 2023- Present
East Hartford, CT
Senior Delivery Performance Data Analyst
Working two projects related with Duty Drawback Program that is a refund of duties, fees and taxes paid on certain categories of goods imported into the US that are then exported from the US
Gathering information to submit duty fee claims to customs for specifics international suppliers
Generate reports for the end customer with the required custom documentation
Working with SAP P10 and P1, EXPO and DSV to obtain material documentation data to fulfill customs requirements
Created a standard work to show traceability of specific parts with serial numbers in SAP software between two sister companies, using around 92 T-Codes, 50% customized and standard T-codes

Birdon Group August 2022 – April 2023
Portland, CT
Demand and Production Planner for MLB Program
Perform planning and production tasks, anticipate program needs, and expedite material and tool
requirements for production, manufacturing, and assembly operations.
Responsible for the coordination of production material flow from warehouse to the production
floor in a timely manner and in support of the production schedule. Works closely with Procurement and Warehouse to ensure materials are ordered and delivered in a manner that supports the production schedule.
Responsible for developing, coordinating and communicating the daily production schedule including the creation and release of work orders.
Schedule production factoring in work orders, maintenance, inventory availability and capacity planning.
Strong interaction with assembly, purchasing, warehouse, quality engineering, and customer support.
Measure performance of all critical factors to ensure compliance to plans to include publishing of KPI’s.
Participate in resolving issues when products are behind schedule or at risk of being behind schedule.
Owns production orders from start to finish, recording time and output and troubleshooting any discrepancies immediately with a common goal of correcting the problems. Accurate and timely completion of production orders.
Maintain the ERP system integrity to drive material and production schedules and execute processes per requirements. Interface with manufacturing, engineering, quality, purchasing and management to provide timely status of work products and / or problem identification and resolution. Maintain ERP system parameters including material master data and performance criteria.
Other duties as assigned by supervisor

Pratt and Whitney March 2017- August 2022
East Hartford, CT
Sr. Material Analyst/Purchase and Shop/Raw Material Planner
Provide analytical and project management skills to lead and implement Supply Chain Continuous Improvement projects for the Supply Planning Department from Pratt and Whitney
Conduct high quality analysis of supply chain operations and problems to identify continuous improvement initiatives. This includes analyzing the relationships between demand variability, service aspirations, inventory investment, supply operating fundamentals (lead time, lot size, etc.), and current business policies using SAP as the ERP system
Provide detailed analysis of complex processes to identify solutions to problems while implementing improvements in and across the supply chain. Proposes solutions based on objective analysis and developing DIVE/DAISE with my colleagues from Pratt and Whitney
Successful implementation of solutions and change projects as measured by improvements in customer service, inventory, demand variability or cost by reducing waste and different ACE/CORE tools for the continuous process improvements
Presents regular project updates to Supply Chain leadership during the quarterly business reviews. Clearly and simply communicates complex findings to project stakeholders
Develop strong troubleshooting toolset. In this case the QCPC tools to measure the highest turn-backs in the planning department and tackle them by working on different process improvements projects with the needed collaboration depending on the case
Planning and control of master scheduling processes and activities for assigned programs
Develop feasible master production schedule proposals that support customer requirements and align with production capabilities, while considering schedule stability and inventory impact
Execute approved schedule changes on time into SAP utilizing standard work processes and sales order structure that drives demand for correct configuration.
Prepare schedule summaries and perform other analytical activities in support of Sales Inventory & Operations Planning, MPS Review Board
Participate on Planning & Scheduling teams to support new business and process improvements.
Daily interaction with individuals and groups outside of the EC&MPS organization

CDI Corporation Sept 2016 – March 2017
Windsor Locks, CT
Delivery Assurance Lead APU Program for PWC
Act as the main Operations interface to Key Customers
Responsible for problem solving critical issues, implementing change, Standardization, process controls in an effort to ensure all UTAS performance targets are met, for all key customers
Interact daily with external customers, internal manufacturing locations, supply chain and program managers in order to drive the organization to meet 100% on time to customer delivery requirements
Manage Key Customer Scorecards for evaluation and communication of strategic objectives
Prepare status updates on all critical issues impacting plant site deliveries – Delivered to UTAS Sr. Leadership
Create and distribute weekly performance reports to external Key Customers.
Customer and internal cross-functional relationship management is very important in this role

Henkel Corporation Nov. 2014 – Sept 2016
Rocky Hill, CT
Customer Service Representative/ USA (Northwest & Northcentral regions, Alaska,
Hawaii)

Attracts potential customers by answering product and service questions, suggesting information about other products and services
Opens and maintain customer accounts by recording account information
Resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint, determining the cause of the problem, selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem, expediting correction or adjustment, following up to ensure resolution
Maintains financial accounts by processing customer adjustments
Recommends potential products or services to management by collecting customer information and analyzing customer needs
Prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed

Pratt & Whitney Jan. 2014 - Nov. 2014
Universal Staffing Services (contractor/Temporary)
East Hartford, CT
Contract Data Manager
Support and develop data management process, including write, implement, manage data management plans - project coordination
Monitor, coordinate, track and enter information into a database to reach and exceed the customer expectations in terms of the deliveries
Produce regular status reports or metrics from the task and help develop improvements to the CDM process
Proposal creation to include: Development of Basis of Estimates and Planning Templates

Pratt & Whitney joint venture: Infotech Sept 2011 – Nov 2013
Isabela, Puerto Rico
Hot Items Expediter & Global Aftermarket Supply Chain Coordinator
Generated expediting reports to buyers and participate in meetings for discussions
Worked with the procurement (buyers) team, SCM Management and suppliers to ensure SCM delivery requirements of products are met
Identified and communicated supplier performance gaps due past due promise dates and responsive
I was managing the data of purchase orders
Produced and distributed global reports. This also included schedule and taking notes in different meetings and in which I worked as the host
Managed cost reduction and process improvement activities
Managed relationships with vendors and sub tier

CERTIFICATIONS

SAP Consultant, Coursera/ July 2024

ACE (Achieving Customer Excellence) Associate, Pratt and Whitney/ August 2017

PW1100G-JM (A320NEO) General Familiarization-ATA Level I, Pratt and Whitney/June 2017

AWARDS AND BADGES

Several Eagle Awards for outstanding job as a Production Planner at Pratt and Whitney from March 2017 to August 2022

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS
Adult Book Club Member, New Britain Public Library

PUBLICATIONS &
CONFERENCES

La transculturación como proceso deshumanizante en Jacobo el mutante de Mario Bellatin, La variable Bellatin (eds. Lourdes Dávila and Julio Ortega, Editorial de la Universidad Veracruzana), 2012
Speaker, Brown University Transatlantic Project
Department of Hispanic Studies IV International Conference, April 9-12, 2008
Contact this candidate