Mounika Jaggampudi
Fairfax, Virginia +1-571-***-****
ad7vcy@r.postjobfree.com

TECHINCAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: C, C++, Python,Oops, JavaScript. JAVA.
IDE / Version Control: PyCharm’s, Eclipse, GIT, GIT Hub, Jenkins
Framework: Spark, Node.js, Spring.
Data Bases / NoSQL: HBase, MongoDB, Oracle, AWS.
Technologies: Hadoop technologies, Cloud platforms, REACT, Spring Boot,
Visualization Tools: Power BI, Tableau, R Studios.
EDUCATION

George Mason University Fairfax, Virginia
Master of Science in Data Analytics Engineering. –GPA Aug2022--May2024
Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management Andhra Pradesh, India
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering. –GPA Jun-2016--May2020

EXPERIENCE

Human Cyber Performance, LLC Alexandria, VA
Data Analyst Jan 2024 – May 2024
Responsibilities:
Cleaned, Pre-Processed and Transformed a dataset consisting of 75 variables using of visualization team increasing performance by 80% in accuracy.
Excelled in analyzing business requirements, developing technical specifications, and implementing robust solutions to align with strategic objectives.
Wrote Hive Jobs to perform ETL into HDFS.
Performed batch data import to Mongo DB using Spring JDBC API. Configured the clusters and debugged issues on data imports which optimized time delay by 50%.
Migrated data building pipelines from On-premises SQL servers to AWS S3.
Used GIT to solve version conflicts in the code base for performing data ingestion and transformations.
Environment: Python, AWS, Sparks, PySpark, HDFS, My-SQL, SQL, Mongo DB, AWS S3, HIVE, Tableau, Spring, API, GIT.
Cognizant service Technologies Hyderabad, India
Data Analyst
Contributed to cross-functional teams using Agile methodologies, enhancing collaboration and driving efficient project completion.
Excelled in analyzing business requirements, developing technical specifications, and implementing robust solutions to align with strategic objectives.
Leveraged expertise in database management and SQL to ensure data integrity, optimize queries, and support data-driven decision-making processes.
Actively participated in code reviews and quality assurance processes to maintain high standards of code and reduce application downtime.
Developed comprehensive documentation for software applications to facilitate maintenance and future upgrades.
Utilized advanced tools and technologies for software version control, contributing to a disciplined and collaborative development environment.
Contributed to Medicaid and health insurance projects for clients, focusing on enhancing service delivery and client satisfaction.
Implemented and managed EDI transactions for healthcare clients, enhancing the electronic exchange of data related to patient records, billing, and insurance claims to streamline operations and improve compliance with regulatory standards.
experienced in handling EDI Claims.
Environment: HTML, CSS, React, Spring, Oracle, Git, JAVA, Spring Boot.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS

1.CREDIT CARD ELIGIBILITY:
Development of an advanced predictive model to enhance credit card eligibility assessment, leveraging Big Data analytics tools within Databricks, PySpark, and MLlib.
Implemented diverse machine learning algorithms such as logistic regression, decision trees, and random forests, significantly boosting the efficiency and reliability of the credit approval process.
Created impactful visual representations of complex data analytics using Power BI, which helped stakeholders make more informed decisions and highlighted the tangible business benefits of the implemented model

2. DATABASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR A PUBLIC LIBRARY:
Directed a major database design initiative for public library systems, focusing on enhancing operational efficiency and user experience.
Developed and optimized an Entity-Relationship diagram, achieving robust data organization and maintaining integrity through normalization up to 3NF
Crafted and executed advanced SQL queries to facilitate efficient data manipulation and streamline library administrative processes.
Innovated key database features, such as automated alerts for overdue items and dynamic membership status updates, significantly improving service quality and workflow management.

3. CARBON EMISSION REDUCTION IN AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLY CHAINS:
Led an in-depth analysis of carbon emissions for a vehicle supply chain, pinpointing key contributors to the environmental impact.
Partnered with environmental scientists to meld scientific insights into a strategic report focused on emission reduction.
Engineered a predictive model to accurately forecast demand for automobiles, reducing overproduction and its environmental toll.

4. LLM BEHAVIOURAL PATTERN OF TEXT OUTPUT:
Spearheaded a groundbreaking research initiative focused on understanding behavior patterns in Large Language Models (LLMs), such as ChatGPT, with a special emphasis on hallucinations and response consistency.
Applied advanced web scraping and Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques to meticulously collect and analyze LLM responses, assessing their reliability and consistency.
Crafted and implemented prompt engineering strategies to amass a comprehensive dataset, establishing robust evaluation methods to pinpoint specific behavior patterns in LLMs.
Leveraged Tableau to create dynamic, interactive dashboards and reports, providing stakeholders with a clear visual understanding of LLM behaviors, thereby facilitating real-time data interpretation and decision-making.
Contact this candidate