Contact
ad7v42@r.postjobfree.com
m
www.linkedin.com/in/
alexanderigorkoba (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
GitHub
Presentation Skills
Microsoft Word
Certifications
Data Analytics Program
Data Analytics Immersion
Intro to Data Analytics
Honors-Awards
My Official NCL Badge
Alexander Koba
Data Analyst in various fields
Savannah, Georgia, United States
Summary
My Bachelor of Science in Information Technology and Cyber Security degrees combined with additional training and experience in Data Analytics have provided me with a great foundation of knowledge and skills. I have experience in use of PowerBI, Tableau, Python, Pandas, SQL, Excel for data mining, cleaning, analyzing, forecasting, visualizing, and presenting of results to stakeholders. I completed six projects as a Data Analyst. I like to search for hidden relationships between fields in datasets.
I participated in the National Cyber League (NCL) Spring 2022 Team Game. I was a member of a 5-person team from Georgia Southern University, which scored among the top 2% out of more than 3600 teams. I have earned 7 hours of Continuing Education Units (CEUs) as approved by CompTIA.
Experience
Dan Vaden Automotive Group
Data Analyst paid Intern.
September 2023 - March 2024 (7 months)
Savannah, Georgia, United States
Developed data analysis, visualizations, and dashboards to track business metrics using PowerBI.
Georgia Southern University
Research Intern
February 2023 - August 2023 (7 months)
Savannah, GA, USA
Contributor to meetings in GSU on web/applications development Georgia Southern University
Student Intern
April 2022 - July 2022 (4 months)
Savannah, GA, USA
Assisted in the placement of new computer equipment in six classrooms. Page 1 of 2
Education
International Career Foundry online school
Data Analytics Certificate, Data Analytics · (September 2023 - January 2024) Georgia Southern University
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology and Cyber Security, Information Technology and Cyber Security · (August 2016 - December 2022)
Page 2 of 2
Contact this candidate