Work Experience
Personal Projects
Results: Deeper understanding of the decline due to economic factors but also impacts from external natural disasters and epidemics. From there, we propose strategies to overcome and improve the current situation. Cardiovascular Diseases Risk Prediction
PHAM THANH LAM
Data analyst
Helpdesk Officer - Saigonco.op Cooperative
Managed user requests and resolved issues related to system usage. Provided support to 1,000+ users for various technical and software-related concerns. Prepared monthly reports on handled user requests, highlighting resolutions and future plans. 02/2016 - 06/2017
Category data analyst - Saigonco.op Cooperative
Analysis of the product groups in 5 industries (Food, Fresh, Cosmetics, Household, Apparel) offered for sale to advise on the proposed results for approval of business items into the system. Management of the portfolio of 5 industries.
Provide data advice to superiors and coordinate with the sales department to streamline the portfolio of inefficient business SKUs. The result helps reduce the portfolio by 8 - 10%. Manage sample inventory of food, household items, and return samples using Access: compile products returned, not returned, and overdue to liquidate samples to shorten processing time and response to suppliers. Quickly report data to superiors working with foreign partners. Provide data advice in the supply-demand connection program with suppliers, with results connecting with 337 suppliers, 24 suppliers attending bids, and 143 products bid with 93 products accepted.
Report data on new SKUs entering the business system monthly and annually. Use SQL to aggregate sales data by month and year. Process missing, noisy, and inconsistent data to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data.
Use Power PI to create a SALES PERFORMANCE DASHBOARD to monitor sales activities, providing an overview of sales effectiveness over time, identifying areas for improvement. 07/2017 - 05/2024
Analysis of Development Potential of Istanbul Malls in 2024 Use python, SQL in data processing
Use Dax Functions to create measurement services for analytics Visualize using Power PI. Move observations and recommendations into each analysis Objective: Analyzed consumer trends and factors influencing revenue for each mall Objective: build an effective prediction model based on the provided features, improve the accuracy and performance of heart disease prediction.
Understanding and evaluating data (EDA)
Use python, SQL in data preprocessing
Select analysis model and prediction results
Result: The model yields highly accurate predictions. The RandomForestClassifier and DecisionTreeClassifier models achieve impressive accuracy rates of 98% and 95%, respectively. Additionally, the analysis provides several preventive measures for heart disease.
Product link
Product link
ad7w64@r.postjobfree.com 090*-***-*** thanhlam7288.wixsite.com Product link
Ho Chi Minh City University of Information Technology Python: Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-learn at a basic level SQL: Data Manipulation and Definition, CTE, Case Statement, Window Function Power PI: Dax Function, Create and Manage Relationship, Data Preprocessing, Bookmark, Layout Design. Excel: Functions, VLOOKUP, Conditional Formatting, Pivot Tables, Visualization Machine learning: basic use of Supervised and Unsupervised (Clustering) University of Saigon
Major: Network Administration.
09/2009 - 06/2012
09/2014 - 06/2016
Education
Skills
Major: Network Administration.
Contact this candidate