TONJA M. VALDERAS
***/***-**** (Cell)
ad7xa9@r.postjobfree.com
QUALIFICATIONS
Over 18 years of experience in an office environment. Highly accurate typing & ten-key skills.
Outstanding customer service skills.
Honest, accurate and dependable with pride taken in work that meets highest standards.
Self managed. Able to learn new concepts quickly and follow directions with minimal assistance.
Punctual and prompt in work activities.
Computer systems and applications include Quicken/QuickBooks, Microsoft Office 365 Adobe/Adobe, Photoshop and PageMaker, SAP, NJUNS & Alden One. RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Developed & maintained spreadsheets. Provided monthly reports to my director.
Provided joint use training to PacifiCorp apprentice estimators. Required occasional travel to Salt Lake City.
Functional manager with 5 direct reports.
Reviewed employee payroll and submitted quarterly performance reviews.
Provided estimates to licensees and followed up on approvals.
Enforced compliance with NESC and contract terms.
Reviewed new contract redlines and executed joint use agreements.
Submitted make ready requests to field operations and processed pole inspection results.
Coordinated work with estimators, licensees and customers.
Designed and maintained the department webpage.
Responsible for completing transfers of ownership.
Managed several mailboxes.
Processed applications.
Kept accurate inventory of business equipment and ordered, received and distributed office materials and supplies.
Opened/distributed mail and prepared mass outgoing correspondence.
Performed accounts payable/accounts receivable duties, prepared statements and invoices and created computerized financial reports.
Performed troubleshooting and maintenance on computers and networks.
Created business cards, postcards, flyers, advertisements and presentations.
Data entry.
Participated in wildfire mitigation program.
Worked with work planning and scheduling.
WORK HISTORY
1
Jul 2011-2023 Senior Business Analyst, Joint Use
Administration, PacifiCorp
2008-2011 Contractor, Adecco Staffing, Joint Use
Administration, PacifiCorp
2
Contact this candidate