Joseph A. Rhyne IV
Business Data Analyst
OBJECTIVE

To obtain a position in Data Science where my expertise in business data analysis, data manipulation techniques, data visualization skills, troubleshooting and process streamlining may be best utilized to identify business trends, achieve set goals, and fulfill actionable insights.

EXPERIENCE
BUSINESS DATA ANALYST
Akkodis, Rochester, NY
July 2020 – April 2024

●Accomplished goals of a multi-disciplinary project team I worked with during the launch of a new product by producing automated weekly visualizations of key performance indicators identified by senior administration to show data trends and track conversion metrics for customer product purchases.

●Worked closely with the software development and business management teams with the goal of identifying the trends in sales and customer behaviors by working with product and analytic data.

●Achieved the successful migration of analytic reports from Google’s Universal Analytics version to Google Analytics 4.
●Produced the first marketing visualizations which tracked the success of marketing promotions measured by customer product category selection metrics.

DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR
U.R. Medicine Homecare, Rochester, NY
March 2005 – June 2018

●Successfully deployed 320 electronic field devices to be used by clinicians for: patient record documentation, daily laptop to server synchronization and usage of the clinical application.

●Enhanced application user security by conducting an audit of all agency departments system users and established role-based security specific to the job performed.

●Provided monthly training to professional home visit staff on the use of the agency’s clinical and financial application for the electronic medical record.

●Provided technical support for the billing department’s claims processing.

●Achieved process improvement in the Quality Management Department of their weekly process of transmitting completed patient assessment data to CMS by training the nursing staff on the performance of electronic data submission.

CONTACT

ad7zf5@r.postjobfree.com
585-***-****
www.linkedin.com/ln/jarhyne/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY-

As a Business Data Analyst, I have honed my expertise in databases and SQL, delving deeply into data analytics to drive strategic decisions. My role centers on transforming complex data sets into actionable insights, contributing significantly to team success in optimizing processes and enhancing operational efficiency.

EDUCATION
Alabama A&M University
BS Computer Science Technology

Syracuse University
MS Applied Data Science

SKILLS

SQL
Visual Studio
Google Analytics
Looker Studio
Google Sheets
Tableau
Data Visualization
Problem-Solving
Microsoft Excel
Data Reporting
Time Series Analysis

TRANSFERRABLE SKILLS

Analytics:
Power B.I.
Big Query
Statistics
Python

Web Design Software:
HTML Version 5
CSS Version 3
CSS Flexbox
Contact this candidate