Skills
Data Analyst
SIFAT NOWSHIN 470-***-**** ad80it@r.postjobfree.com
https://github.com/Sifat-1
Atlanta, GA 30093
• SQL • Python (Pandas, NumPy, MatPlotLib)
• Excel (VLookup, Conditional Formatting, Pivot
Tables)
• Microsoft Power BI
• Languages: C, C++, Php, Java
• Frameworks/CMS: Laravel, Bootstrap,
• HTML, CSS
• Operating System: Windows
• Version Control: GitHub
• Code Editor & IDE: VsCode, google colab
• Team Collaboration platform: Slack
Projects
SAILOR MANAGEMENT SYSTEM– College Project – Uttara,Dhaka,Bangladesh January2022
● The Prototyping Process Model was used to allow for further development.
● Used Laravel as a framework and followed the Model-View-Controller (MVC), generating models for database tables, views for user interfaces, and controllers for application functionality.
● HTML and CSS were used to construct the frontend.
● Backend development was done using the PHP programming language.
● For databases, MySQL was utilized.
Utilizing Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Handwritten Digit Recognition in Bangla – College Project – Uttara,Dhaka,Bangladesh October 2021
● Tensorflow, a deep learning framework was employed.
● Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) algorithms were utilized for comparison.
● Dataset https://github.com/Sufianlab/BDNet was used which is consists of 23392 black and white image data written by 1106 people, acquired from postal mail and job application forms. Among the 23392 data points, 19392 are for training and 4000 for testing.
● Measured the accuracy of the models and evaluate their performances where highest testing accuracy (72%) was acquired through Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), after comparing three models. Work Experience
Junior Developer at Kodeeo Limited – Uttara,dhaka,bangladesh November 2021 – August 2022
● Collecting user and system requirements from clients.
● Assisting with the development of specific project with documentation.
● Assisting other teammates with their projects.
Education
BACHELOR OF COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING–IUBAT- International University of Business Agriculture and Technology – Uttara,Dhaka,Bangladesh. February 2022 Majors: Machine Learning, Software, Management Information System
Contact this candidate