Jean-Marc CHARLES
Miami, FL ad807q@r.postjobfree.com ad807q@r.postjobfree.com
US mobile: +1-786-***-**** HT mobile: +509-****-****
linkedin.com/in/jeanmarccharles
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE:
Accomplished central banking professional with over a decade of expertise in payment systems, possessing strong analytical and quantitative skills. Possess an Executive MBA and a Master’s degree in Digital Business Transformation, and currently pursuing a Master's in Business Data Analytics, anticipated in 2024. A trilingual leader with a passion for excellence and a strong sense of responsibility, adept at leading cross-functional teams to achieve corporate objectives.
CORE COMPETENCIES:
Financial Modeling and Analysis, Accounting, Payment Systems, Integrated Management Systems ISO 9001, OHSAS 18001, ISO 14001, Data Analysis, Data Mining and Statistics, MS Office proficiency, Python, R, IBM SPSS, Machine Learning, Trilingual: French, Spanish & English.

EDUCATION
Loyola University Chicago, Quinlan School of Business Chicago, IL, USA
M.S. Business Data Analytics Aug 2024
Relevant completed courses: Investment Management, Data Mining, Data Warehouse, Database System, AI Applications,
Customer Analytics, Finc Math & Modeling, Forecasting Methods, Managerial Statistics.
Formato Educativo, Escuela de Negocio Madrid, España
MBA, Digital Business Transformation January 2022
Relevant completed courses: Digital strategy, E-commerce, Talent management in the digital environment,
Agile methodologies, Integrated Management Systems, Business leadership.
Universidad Interamericana de Puerto Rico, Recinto Metro San Juan, Puerto Rico
Executive MBA October 2020
Relevant completed courses: Statistical analysis, Managerial accounting, corporate finance, and financial control,
Information systems, Operations management, Corporate strategy, Ethics, and business.
Institut des Hautes Etudes Commerciales et Economiques (IHECE) Port-au-Prince, Haïti
Bachelor of Science Accounting November 2018
PROJECT WORK
Applied Artificial Intelligence, Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL
Developed and optimized a Machine Learning Model to forecast housing prices utilizing extensive real estate data.
Performed comprehensive data cleaning, exploratory data analysis, and feature engineering to ensure a high-quality dataset.
Collaborated with a team to interpret model results and deliver actionable insights for the real estate market.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Central Bank of Haiti (BRH) Port-au-Prince, Haiti
Accountant, Stock Manager and Data Analyst – Network and Cash Department March 2012– to date
Collect, process, and analyze data relating to the flow of banknotes and coins in circulation throughout the country, on reserve at the central bank and in production at suppliers.
Prepare comprehensive monthly statistics on payment systems, enabling management to make informed decisions.
Process and respond to management inquiries regarding changes in payment methods (RTGS, over-the-counter check payments, clearing, ATMs, cash in circulation, etc.).
Managed banknote and coin inventories and related accounts, keeping accurate records and ensuring compliance with regulatory standards.
Assist the department and key departments with various administrative and operational projects, contributing to the overall productivity and efficiency of the central bank.

LEADERSHIP and Association Member:
Toastmaster International member: Dauphin Club Port-au-Prince, Haiti
Member of International Association of Currency Affairs (IACA).
Soft Skills: Strategic Thinking, Leadership, Teamwork, Problem-Solving, Ethical Judgment, Innovation, Emotional Intelligence, Adaptability, Attention to Detail.
Contact this candidate