Ziyuan Zhou
ad81xn@r.postjobfree.com Jersey City, NJ **302 541-***-****
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IserveRobotics –Senior Business Analyst, Remote Jan 2024 – Present o Optimized ETL pipelines using SQL to integrate multiple marketing data sources (email campaigns, landing pages, customer interactions), leading to a 30% increase in data accessibility for decision-making. o Designed and optimized marketing email and customer landing page for customer acquisition, enabling the collection of targeted data and insightful analysis to drive strategic decision-making:
Led with cross-functional teams to set up A/B test on marketing campaign messages, leveraging SQL to gather real-time landing page data for quick iteration on campaign features and marketing strategies, resulting in a 20% increase in user engagement.
Efficiently collected actionable data from over 200 industry-leading retailers and brands with clearly structured and customized questionnaires. Developed training materials documentation and conducted sessions on how to leverage these data insights for more efficient marketing strategies. o Successfully established and maintained professional relationships with over 50 investment groups, with result of securing $500K in angel funding and increasing customer base by 35% in the first 4 months. DrFirst – Senior Data Analyst, Rockville, MD Jan 2023 – Dec 2023 o Engineered and maintained a fraud detection model (utilizing a Python and SQL hybrid workflow) that improved user management and reduced fraud risk:
Designed and built a data acquisition process handling multiple data sources and formats from both internal and external sources, integrating nationwide prescriber data (over 6M records per week).
Conducted end-to-end fraud analysis to reduce fraudulent prescribing activities. Identified system vulnerabilities resulted in a 27% increase in fraud capture rate compared to the old analysis model. o Built robust and efficient pipelines to ingest multiple data sources in various formats and enabled the data migration from an on-premises database to the cloud:
Improved the data query structure of our data platform by optimizing query logic, eliminated redundant tables, increased the overall data loading speed by 35%.
Set up ETL process standard including global variables clarification that improved data integrity and availability, and enabled more analysis adapting similar process. o Conducted extensive A/B testing in Python on drug fill campaigns that helped 20,000+ doctors in 500+ organizations to effectively monitor marketing impact. Refined the A/B testing process to reduce biases through propensity score matching and shared insights in cross-team meetings. o Acted as the bridge between technical analysis and business needs. Created concise user behavior reports tracking doctor prescription pattern using Tableau. Datacatalyst – Data Analyst, New York, NY May 2021 – Dec 2022 o Conducted thorough financial market data analysis for clients, identifying trends and anomalies to support investment decisions and risk management.
o Managed and delivered multiple end-to-end analytics projects, ensuring timely completion and alignment with client objectives. Leveraged data-driven insights to support decision-making processes in dynamic, fast- paced environments.
Marlabs – Data Science Specialist, Piscataway, NJ Feb 2020 – May 2021 o Built statistical tests (hypothesis testing, A/B testing) and machine learning techniques (Logistic Regression, Random Forest, KNN, Naive Bayes) to forecast user purchase patterns from online retailers’ channel data. Defined key factors that convert users from clicking ads to making purchase actions. EDUCATION
Fordham University, M.S. in Data analytics, New York, NY Aug 2017 – May 2019 University of Oregon, B.S. in Economics, Eugene, OR Aug 2013 – May 2016 SKILLS SUMMARY
Technical skills: Python (Scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, SciPy, Seaborn, Plotly), SQL (MySQL, Oracle SQL), AWS Redshift, AWS S3, Apache Airflow, Tableau, PowerBI, Databricks, Google BigQuery, GitLab. Data science and processing: Statistics (A/B testing, Hypothesis Testing, T-Test, Propensity Score Adjustment, ANOVA) Machine Learning (Random Forest, GBM, XGBoost, LightGBM, Regression), Feature Engineering, ETL, data visualization.
Contact this candidate