PADMAJAVENUGOPAL
Email:ad8237@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No: +91-894******* (India)
OBJECTIVE
As an Electronics Engineering Cum Data Administration with more than 04 years of professional working experiences. Strong knowledge and communications skill have led me within the depth understanding and good knowledge in managing software field and office administration.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Name of the Company : SAMPATIKKA MEDICAL SOLUTION PVT LTD, INDIA Job Title : ADMIN OFFICER
Period : From JUNE 2020 – APRIL 2022
Roles and Responsibilities:
Meeting and greeting clients and visitors to the office.
Typing documents and distributing memos.
Supervising the work of office juniors and assigning work for them.
Handling incoming / outgoing calls, correspondence and filing.
Faxing, printing, photocopying, filing and scanning.
Organizing business travel, itineraries, and accommodation for managers.
Creating and modifying documents using OPENOFFICE soft.
Setting up and coordinating meetings and conferences.
Involvement in social media implementation.
Problem solving and decision-making ability.
Maintain the productivity details of each individual.
Manage the team during the to the team.
Managing the team in critical situations. Work allocation and Monitoring.
Handling/Checking complicated correspondence.
Tracking data in system and/or files.
Training/support to the employees and Coordinator of the dress code committee.
Scheduling and coordinating meetings, interviews, events and other similar activities.
Sending faxes absence of the team manager.
Suggestions giving to the managers before addressing and emails. Name of the Company : SAMPATIKKA MEDICAL SOLUTION PVT LTD, INDIA Job Title : Data Analyst
Period : From JUNE 2019 – APRIL 2020
Managing documents and files.
Sending and receiving documents for the company.
Reviewing client documents & providing right solutions to the clients.
Assisting in various daily operations.
Operating a range of office machines such as photocopiers and computers.
Create a different type of web page using HTML and CSS.
Discuss with assistant managers for work allocation, happening every morning.
Create a Worker profile using the MS-Excel, MS-word application.
Maintain the account details for the onsite maintenance .
Managed the preparation, coordination, and documentation of 100% of projects.
Develop new reports and delegate tasks to team members.
Optimized data collection procedures and generated reports on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis.
Used advanced Microsoft Excel and the XLOOKUP function to efficiently create pivot tables and pivot reporting.
Resolved end user problems resulting from custom applications, enabling an efficient transition during system upgrades to new releases. Name of the Company : BIG ACADEMY - INDIA
Job Title : TRAINING FACULTY
Period : DEC 2018– JUNE 2019
Roles and Responsibilities:
Ensure accurate and timely compliance with all duties related to Workers.
Handling software related works (Such as developing mobile apps in android creation and deletion process).
Prepare and structure the coding process using the languages c,c++.
Preparation of offer letters, student contracts, administration of employment and other related new hire administration matters.
Maintain employee and students’ personal files.
Manage worker’s compensation administration, including accident reporting.
Maintain and update students Handbook and Benefits Manual.
Serve as point of contact for all payroll/benefits inquiries and complaints, ensuring prompt, courteous and appropriate resolution.
Perform payroll/benefit related reconciliations to the General Ledger and other accounts.
Maintain all required insurance policies.
Oversee facilities maintenance.
Comply with local, state and federal government reporting requirements.
Purchase supplies and equipment as authorized by Executive Director.
Tag and monitor fixed assets and equipment.
Ensure all bills and invoices are paid within 30 days of receipt.
Attend monthly managing Committee Meetings and complete assigned action items.
Prepare reports for the executive director and committee members as requested.
Reporting directly to the managing director regarding day-to- day activities of the organization.
Analyze and update the subcontractor files with agreements.
Maintain updated policies and ensure compliance to all policies.
Perform other related duties as assigned by management. Name of the Company : STATE BANK OF INDIA- INDIA
Job Title : Customer Executive
Period : Dec 2017-April 2018
Roles and Responsibilities:
Monitoring inventory, Bank pending files and ordering supplies as necessary.
Updating & maintain the holiday, absence and training records of staff.
Creating and modifying documents using Microsoft Office.
Setting up and coordinating meetings and conferences.
Updating, processing and filing of all loan documents.
Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel and Access. Scheduling meetings and preparing agendas for them.
Comprehensive Knowledge of java,jnode(Windows Mac,Linux Rasperry Pi)
Dealing loan process across another branch.
Discuss with assistant managers for work allocation in every morning.
Dealing customer satisfaction invoice and voice process. PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Ability to understand and implement the process of selection of new employees.
Be able to communicate positively and productively.
Know how to priorities, organize and delegate to manage time.
Ensure written documents are error-free and written in a clear and precise manner.
Have basic computer skills to operate the different applications and networks.
Organize time and tasks for better clarity and efficiency.
Set smart goals, reduce distractions, schedule and track to increase productivity.
Be able to monitor and communicate on social media.
Develop relationships with customers and engage them positively. GENERAL SKILLS
Ability to learn faster and hence can quickly adapt to latest technologies.
Strong work ethic, Problem-solving and critical thinking skills, Customer focus, Multitasking ability, Teamwork and collaboration skills.
Good technical, interpersonal and communication skills.
Willingness to work in a team and interact in the organization.
Ready to take up tasks with enthusiasm.
More flexible at any situation.
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS
Secondary School Leaving Certificate: Kittappa Municipal Higher Secondary School- Mayiladuthurai,(India), In 2009 with 66%.
Higher Secondary Leaving Certificate: Kiittappa Municipal Higher Secondary School- Mayiladuthurai,(India), In 2011 with 52% Bachelor of Electronics and communication Engineering: As-Salam college of Engineering and technology,Aduthurai - Affiliated to Anna University (India), In 2015 with 63%.
Master of Communication Engineering: As-Salam college of Engineering and technology, Aduthurai- Affiliated to Anna University (India), In 2017with 79%. CORE QUALIFICATIONS IN MS OFFICE
Extensive Excel and pivot table development experience
Excellent familiarity with all Microsoft Office applications
Strong skills in maintaining accurate Excel spreadsheets
High ability to meet strict project deadlines
Outstanding grasp of internet security rules and protocols
Sound ability to coordinate with other technical staff PERSONAL INFORMATION
Name : Padmaja
Passport No. : M8072418
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 14 Sep 1993
Languages : English, Tamil
Marital Status : Married
Residential Address : CTS Residency #B6
Near Babu clinic
Aranthangi-614616
Reason for Leaving : For my career development
Availability : Immediate
I hereby confirm that all the details given by me are true to the best of my knowledge. PADMAJA VENUGOPAL
Contact this candidate