Maricela Bueno
Email: ad83lz@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Supply Chain over 15 years of industry experience specializing in document control, and regulations. Bilingual skilled in delivering insightful guidance, strengthening relationships with business partners. Quality control certified with expertise in purchasing logistics, and operations.
Skills:
Clerical Support Data Entry
Conflict Resolution Team-oriented
Self-motivated Data analyst
Extremely Organized Proficiency {Software}
Ability to multi-task in a pressured environment
Knowledge of HTS, CFR 19, Customs Regulations, and PGA/OGA clearances
Customs Brokerage Representative III United Parcel Service Inc, Torrance, Ca 10/2006 – Current Obtaining and filling all the paperwork needed to present to government agencies for shipments entering United States territory. Brokers transmit the information to U.S. Customs electronically via automated broker interface.
Prepare /file entries with CBP, PGA, OGA follow-up with the clearance process, and forwarding freight to designated locations. This may involve interface with international and domestic carriers, overseas offices, and importers.
Coordinate freight delivery to designated locations.
Review rates, trace product movement, clarification, and valuation of merchandise

Family Caregiver Los Angeles, Ca 02/2021 – Current
Provides daily care to individuals who are unable to care for themselves due to illness, disability, or age, such as the elderly. All duties depend on the health, and the needs of the person needing care.
Laundry and helping with dressing.
Food shopping
Light housekeeping.
Managing medications.
Transportation to doctors’ appointments
Mobility assistance.
Companionship and emotional support.

Lounge Attendant/ Runner Quantas International Business Lounge -LAX, Ca 03/2023- 12/2023 Motivated in hospitality, customer services, and promoting a strong commitment.
Arranges buffet tables with food, beverage, and service items according to standards.
Ensure that food is kept at the proper temperatures.
Organized Sets up assigned bars, requisitions and stocks all beer, wine, spirits, paper products, straws and stirrers, condiments, glassware, ice, and produce.
Preparing and serving high-quality alcohol and non-alcohol beverages
Performs general cleaning tasks to adhere to health and safety standards/ keeps work area clean.
Provide professional, friendly, and engaging service.

Checker Sorter/Material Handler FEDERAL EXPRESS –Los Angeles, Ca 08/2000-10/2006
Checker Sorter: Responsible for the physical loading, unloading, sorting packages by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, and placing in a safe and efficient manner. Scanning packages according to prescribed phase/cosmos procedures. Ensure packages labels are designated correct destinations. Identify packages needed by US Customs using advanced scanning technology to allow customers to track their packages. Material handler: Operated heavy equipment that interface with aircraft, certified on all aircraft within the aircraft fleet, trained as load captain, ensured all documentation and manifests were filled out properly, Accurate with all weight as per FAA regulations stipulate, Met or exceeded scheduled departures.
Customer Services Cargo Agent Worldwide Flight Ser-Los Angeles, Ca 01/2000-11/2001 Customer Services Cargo Agent Mercury Air Cargo-Los Angeles, Ca 09/1999-12/1999 Travel to Airport Operational Area (AOA) to meet flight upon arrival and retrieve documents. Manifest flight within an hour based on information received from the aircraft crew (carrier). Prepare documentation upon flight arrival, review, organize, make copies and distribute accordingly. Data capture AWB information into airline system. Assist in completion of MAWBS for over-the-counter shipments Process “Customs Out” (proof of delivery) for every transaction before the customer’s departure. Notify Broker or Freight Forwarder on the Master Airway Bill (MAWB) of shipment’s arrival at warehouse facility. Collect and secure the appropriate charges and document method of payment. Answer telephone and respond to incoming calls. Demonstrate diligence required to maintain security under the Airport Police, Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and United States Customs/Border Protection (USCBP) Regulations. Challenge all persons not displaying an airport I.D. badge within a bounded warehouse or any Airport Operational Area. (AOA).
Education: Youth Opportunities Unlimited High School –High School Diploma 1997
Contact this candidate