RAJESH KUMAR ROUT
Email: ad83zs@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-912*******
GIT: https://github.com/Rajesh2404
Career Summery
Having 3+ years of experience as a Quality Engineering Analyst at Infosys with skillset of Java Selenium based Automation cum Manual Testing. Enthusiast to work as a Data Analyst having skillset of Python, NumPy, Pandas, PySpark, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau and SQL Server. Objective
Work in a challenging environment that would give me a platform to grow and explore my creative skills with continuous improvement and effectively utilization of my talent. I look forward for a growth-oriented position in a progressive company, where I can contribute in organization’s success and develop my internal and external skills. Work Experience
Quality Engineering Analyst at Infosys Limited (June 2021 – Present) Java Selenium, MS SQL Server, QNXT
Project: CVS Health (Aetna)
Validating the end-to-end workflows and assuring high quality productivity and verifying all the required functionalities.
Writing clean and errorfree scripts to automate and validate the end-to-end process/workflow.
Contributing ideas to develop product/tools by writing C# codes and SQL queries merging with developmental brain.
Intern at Beta Centauri Pvt Ltd (July 2020 – Dec 2020) Python, Django, DRF
Architecting and implementing back-end technologies for our services that represent and support the business processes.
Optimization of the code for better response time. Intern at Ferns N Petals Pvt Ltd (May 2019 – July 2019) Java, HTML/CSS, JavaScript
Designing a UI template of an E-commerce project of the company.
Writing errorfree codes to enhance functionalities of product. Technical Skill
Programming Language: Python, C#
Pre-Processing Libraries/Tools: PySpark, NumPy, Pandas
Visualisation Tool: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau, Power BI
Scripting Languages: JavaScript, jQuery
Framework: ASP.Net, Core MVC Web API, Django, DRF
Automation Tool: Java Selenium (TestNG)
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON
Database: SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL
Operating System: Windows 7 onwards for PC, Android, Linux
Source Control: GIT
Academia
Completed MCA from Trident Academy of Technology in 2019 securing 8.76/10 CGPA.
Completed B.Sc. in Comp. Sc from Kendrapara Auto. College in 2017 securing 71.5%.
Completed 12th from Bhubaneswar College of Comp. Sc. & Tech in 2014 securing 60.83%.
Completed 10th from Balakati Panchayat High School in 2012 securing 68.33%. Certification
Completed Data Analytics full course from Udemy with certificate.
Completed ASP.NET MVC full course from Udemy with certificate.
Completed Django full course from Udemy with certificate. Functional Skill
Experience work in Agile development methodology.
Ability to work with team and maintain co-ordination with team members for smooth execution of work to complete in-time delivery of the project.
Experience of leading, motivate and co-ordinate with team members for in-time delivery of project.
Strong client facing skills with client requirement study and interaction with stake holder. External Projects
Online Prescription System
C# .Net, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, SQL Server
User can be diagnosed and facilitated by doctors on the basis of their health conditions with appropriate consultation and medication.
User can book an appointment for In-Person visit with doctor based on availability. Photo Gallery App
Django, S3 Buckets, PostgreSQL (Amazon RDS)
User can upload multiple images with description and their category which will be directly store into Amazon S3 Buckets and data are stored in PostgreSQL DB directly in Amazon RDS.
User can search the images based on category and image will be displayed grid wise. Blogging Site
Django, PostgreSQL (Amazon RDS)
User can write blogs which will be uploaded directly to PostgreSQL on Amazon RDS.
Everyone can read blogs which will be displayed in grid wise. Achievements
Got appreciation for my outstanding performances for a build release quarter from client.
Got appreciation and awarded with Insta Performer by my Delivery Manager for my extra ordinary work, leadership quality and co-ordinating with team members.
Contact this candidate