EARL T. JACKSON
Gaithersburg, MD *****
240-***-**** - ad847r@r.postjobfree.com

Provided data applications with visual presentations that provided qualitative analysis with graphics and text. Provided technical supervision and leadership to lifecycle software development projects.

COMPUTER SKILLS:
Windows, Client/Server, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, SSIS/SSRS, Python, ETL, RDBMS, XML, FTP, and SDLC, Tableau
T-SQL, Pyramid Analytics, VB, MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, Project)

EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics - Edward Waters University, Jacksonville, FL
Associates - Electronic Health Info Tech. - Catholic University of America, Washington, D.C.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
IT Concepts Inc. 04/2018 – 10/2019
Business Analyst / Report Developer
Contractor with the Department of Veterans Affairs in managing, coordinating, communicating, and developing a Data Analytics project to create automated bi-weekly/monthly reports for the VA conversion to the Cerner Electronic Health Record conversion.
Maintained and tracked project process improvement tasks and schedules.
Provided Ad hoc business performance metrics and analytics tasks using Pyramid Analytics, Visual Studio, and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).

Transit Employees Health & Welfare 08/2017 – 09/2017
Business Analyst (short-term contract)
Utilized MS Excel and Access to automate the query process to parse data variables from several large external files weekly.
Input data had to be cleansed, extracted, and loaded into a database.
Provided data analysis to display and generate various reports based on User input parameters.

Mary’s Center for Maternal and Child Care 07/2014 – 07/2017
Medical Report Writer/Data Analyst
Developed and analyzed reports for departments at Mary’s Center.
Utilized SQL Server SSIS/SSRS, Tableau and an electronic health record platform.
Collaborated with staff to identify reporting needs, capture medical provider services and claims, create, and validate governing report metrics.
Trained personnel to run and use the saved report.

Johns Hopkins Hospital Health Systems 1/2012 – 06/2014
Clinical Documentation Reports Analyst
Worked with hospital physicians, nurses, and staff to acquire data requirements for their reporting needs relating to inpatient documentation, medical claims, Key Performance Indicators, Core Measures and Meaningful Use for implementation of an Epic integrated Electronic Health Record (EHR) system.
Developed Epic Clarity reports, created SQL queries, utilized Crystal Reports, MS Access, and Excel. Tested and supported report validation.

DC Dept. of Behavioral Health 11/2008 – 12/2011
SQL Developer, Reports Data Analyst
Developed infrastructure to capture, format and report mental health data, clinical informatics.
Provided training, oral presentations and presented findings.
Assisted executive level staff regarding the departments’ mental health initiatives.
Contact this candidate