Sravya Rampam
Phone: 415-***-**** email: ad8485@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Experienced data analyst with over 7 years of experience in the financial services industry. Skilled in data analysis, data visualization, and statistical modeling. Proficient in SQL, Python, and Tableau. Strong communication and collaboration skills

Work Experience.

Bank of the West San Francisco, CA
Senior Data Analyst 2015 – 2023
Converted legacy reports to latest tech stack for the Bank’s new enterprise common data platform and automated to eliminate manual work and reduced 95% of usual data quality errors.
Engineered an Enterprise Reporting Platform empowering branch users with comprehensive access to key metrics across Deposits, Credit Cards, Loans, and Mortgage pipelines. This initiative streamlined data accessibility and facilitated informed decision-making at the branch, region, division level.
Implemented an automated process for loading servicing goals, facilitating branch management to monitor and track actuals/goal percentages across branches, regions, and divisions
Developed a comprehensive Deposit Reporting Suite, offering branch, region, and division managers a streamlined snapshot of Business and Consumer deposit production units juxtaposed with their respective goals. This initiative aimed to enhance managerial ease and efficiency across all levels.
led the development of robust Credit Cards and Loans Reporting Suites, offering comprehensive snapshots of pipeline metrics encompassing submitted details of card and loan applications, approved KPI metric details, booked metrics, and activation metrics, juxtaposed with predefined goals. These reporting tools were tailored to empower branch management with insightful data for informed decision-making.
Orchestrated the development of a Mortgage Reporting Suite, empowering branches to distinguish between RBG Referrals and Non-RBG Referrals. Developed the pipeline metrics encompassing Submitted, Approved, and Production KPIs. These tools were designed to provide branch management with crucial insights for informed decision-making.
Supported Adhoc reporting of Digital Data dashboards using Power/BI,Tableau.
The source-to-target mappings for technical development/design are meticulously crafted through the querying of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW), employing SQL queries to seamlessly integrate various fact and dimension tables. This process translates intricate business requirements into actionable directives for development and design.
Conducted comprehensive end-to-end testing of both the technical development and Business Intelligence/Reporting layer for each release of reporting suites/views. This meticulous process ensured the robustness and reliability of the deployed solutions.
Supported the agile release of ETL developments, BI reporting view developments following the SDLC lifecycle.This approach facilitated seamless integration of new features and enhancements into the existing systems, ensuring alignment with project timelines and quality standards.

Freddie Mac Loan Mortgage Corporation McLean, VA
Data Analyst 2013 – 2015

Interviewed business users and coordinated with SMEs to identify and document the business needs for the data flow.
Created Business Requirement Documents, Functional Requirement Documents, Non-Functional Requirement Documents, Scope and Report design documents.
Worked extensively in documenting the Source to Target Mapping documents (BRS – Business Rule Spreadsheet) with data transformation logic.
Interact with the Technical Analyst to analyze the data extracts from Legacy Systems (Mainframes Files) and determine the element source, format and its integrity within the system
Transformation of requirements into data structures which can be used to efficiently store, manipulate and retrieve information
Collaborate with data modelers, ETL developers in the creating the Data Functional Design
documents.
Created mock data, exceptions lookup and Used Cases for Unit Testing.

Pen Soft LLC SantaClara, CA
Business Analyst 2010 – 2013
Led 100+ member team to build one of the world’s largest data analytical platforms (~6 Peta Bytes), post PayPal/eBay split with no data quality issues or downtime for operations.
Analyze large datasets to identify trends and patterns, and provide insights to senior management.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities for process improvement.
Conduct ad-hoc analysis to support business decisions.
Created and maintained reports using SQL and Excel.
Collaborated with business stakeholders to understand their data needs and provide insights.
Created Test Plan and Test strategy for User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for multiple projects.

Tools and Technologies
Languages: SQL, R, Python, C, C++, Java
Reporting and BI Tools: OBIEE 10.x, Power BI, Tableau, Microstrategy
Databases: Snowflake, MySQL, DB2, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata
Requirements Management Tools: Rational RequisitePro, DOORS, HP Quality Centre
Business Modeling Tools: Rational Rose, MS-Visio
Change Management Tools: Rational ClearQuest, Rational ClearCase
ETL Tools: Informatica Power Center, DataStage, SSIS, SSRS, Datastage
Operating Systems: Unix/Linux, MSDOS, Windows
Applications: Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Word

Education
MBA, Indian Institution of Management, Bangalore - Emphasis in Entrepreneurship
B.E in Computer Science and Engineering – JNTU Hyderabad, India
Contact this candidate