Srividya Nandi
***S Highland Street, Memphis, TN 38111
ad85xo@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn 901-***-**** Summary Experienced GIS Data Analyst and Data Analyst with over 4 years of expertise in retrieving, transforming, and analyzing data in collaborative and cross-functional settings. Proficient in various tools, including Tableau, ArcGIS, GIS, Power BI, SQL, Python, and SAS. A collaborative team player known for adaptability.
Work Experience
GIS Data Analyst May 2023 - Present
CAESER, The University of Memphis, Memphis TN
Managed and edited complex spatial datasets for stormwater infrastructure, including drains, pipes, and basins, using ArcGIS Pro.
Conducted spatial analysis to support stormwater system design, watershed delineation, and flood risk modeling.
Automated geospatial data workflows using Python and Model Builder, enhancing data processing efficiency.
Created detailed 3D terrain models, maps, and technical reports for regulatory compliance and project planning.
Developed interactive web maps and applications using ArcGIS Online to facilitate data sharing and stakeholder engagement.
GIS Data Technician September 2022 – May 2023
CAESER, The University of Memphis, Memphis TN
Collected, managed, and updated spatial data for sign locations using GIS tools.
Performed data validation and ensured accuracy of sign information in GIS databases.
Created detailed maps to visualize sign placements and project progress.
Conducted spatial analysis to identify patterns and trends in sign distribution.
Collaborated with field teams to integrate GPS and field data into GIS systems.
Generated reports and visualizations to support decision-making for sign placement and maintenance.
Utilized GIS software (e.g., ArcGIS, QGIS) for data management and analysis tasks. Data Analyst July 2021 – June 2023
ATOS, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Extract and transform large datasets from FTP servers to create high-level dashboards to identify key metrics.
Developed a new local SQL server and leveraged the MS Power Platform and PowerShell to enhance efficiency.
Spearheaded design and implementation of novel database tables, automating data cleansing and shaping via SQL scripts, stored procedures, and triggers on SSMS and SSIS platforms and reduced process time by 70%.
Create high level interactive dashboards for ad hoc analysis as per command staff’s needs using Power BI.
Introduced SharePoint sites for information sharing and displaying dashboards. Developed internal applications using MS PowerApps complying with data privacy regulations as per CJIS. Data Analyst Intern July 2020 - March 2021
Inter Mind, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Assist in gathering data from various sources, cleaning, and organizing datasets to ensure accuracy and readiness for analysis.
Perform basic data analysis using statistical methods to identify trends, patterns, and insights under the supervision of senior analysts.
Create and update reports, dashboards, and visualizations to present data findings to stakeholders in an easy- to-understand format.
Support in conducting data validation and quality checks to ensure the integrity and accuracy of data used for analysis.
Education Master of Science in Management Information Systems May 2024 University of Memphis, Memphis, TN
Concentration: Data Analytics and Project Management GPA: 3.84 Bachelor of Technology May 2021
Saveetha University, India
Major: Electronics & Communication
Engineering GPA: 3.7
Leadership Activities and Honors
University of Memphis, International Merit Scholarship Recipient 2022 - 2023 Projects
Door Dash Analytics - Predictive Modeling for Door Dash Skills Used: Machine Learning, SAS, Tableau.
Utilized data analytics and predictive modeling to identify key indicators for predicting orders.
Applied Tableau and SAS Enterprise Miner to analyze and visualize delivery data, presenting valuable insights.
Ensured data accuracy and consistency through meticulous data exploration and pre-processing.
Leveraged machine learning algorithms, decision trees, regression models and neural networks to develop a comprehensive predictive model for Door Dash.
Technical Skills
Languages SQL, HTML, Python, R, CSS
Database systems SQL Server, MySQL
Data Visualization Tableau, Power BI
Operating Systems Microsoft Windows, macOS, Linux
GIS Skills ArcGIS Pro, GIS, Spatial Analysis, Esri Core Competencies
Data Analysis Advanced Excel ARCGIS PRO Machine Learning Waterfall, Agile Data Warehousing Power Point MS Power Platform Advanced Dashboards Data Visualization My SQL Data Mining Business Intelligence SharePoint Change Management Leadership Automation Project Management
Certifications
AWS Security Fundamentals, AWS (March,2023)
Introduction to Cyber Security, Cisco Network Academy (March 2023)
Cyber security for Leadership, Great Learning (March,2023)
Learning path “Prepare for the CompTIA cyber security Analyst (CYSA+) (CS0-003) Certification”, LinkedIn Learning
Become Data Analyst, LinkedIn Learning
Configuring Branch Versioning in ArcGIS (Ver 3.1).
ArcGIS Pro Certification from ESRI
Contact this candidate