Georgie A. Zannotti
ad86tw@r.postjobfree.com - East Bay, CA - Ph Nr: 925-***-****

Programming
Databases
Accounting & Finance
Data Science
Business Software
JavaScript, Python, VB/VBA, C#, HTML, CSS, VBScript, Google Apps Script, Google Plx, Linux BASH, PowerShell. Git.
Dremel, F1, BigQuery, AWS, MS SQL Server, Oracle, SAP, IBM DB2, MS Access, Toad.
Journal Entries, Reconciliations, Trial Balance, Intercompany, Fixed Assets, Cash Operations, Revenue Accounting.
Business Intelligence, Data Governance, Pipelines, ETL, Reports, Data Modeling, Cubes, A/B Testing.
SAP, GCP, Snowflake, Jira, Salesforce, Mulesoft, AWS, BitBucket, Tidal, Databricks, Informatica, Redshift, Datagrip, OneStram, Anaplan, Hyperion, Blackline.
GoogleSQL, DremelSQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, DB2 SQL, MS Access SQL.
Queries, Views, Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, Dynamic SQL.
Financial Models, Variance Analysis, FP&A, Strategic Planning Support, Financial Statements.
Data Visualization, Flash Reports, Dashboards, Scorecards, Charts, Spreadsheets, KPI’s .
Plx Dashboards, Tableau, Power BI, Looker, Data Studio, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Crystal Report Writer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

May 2022 to Present Data Analyst/Reporter Contractor at Verizon
●Improved One Fiber Country Wide Delivery Stats by 40% by streamlining the Planning App in JS.
●Optimized Informatica ETL Packages and implemented Governance Checks on Fiber Data.
●Automated Processes by building custom-made JavaScript and VBA Applications.
●Wrote and maintained complex SQL Scripts and DDL Statements on MS SQL Server.
●Helped build and maintain ETL Packages on Snowflake that fed the Custom-Built Python Ingestor.
●Prepared Corporate Reports in Looker and Tableau.

Feb 2022 to May 2022 Data Analyst Contractor at Tapestry
●Optimized complex Data Pipelines in Snowflake and Python and created complex Tableau Dashboards.
●Performed A/B Testing on Marketing Campaign Results, analyzed market trends for demand forecasting.
●Optimized Structural Data Transformation in Mulesoft.
●Streamlined Projects in Jira in a cross departmental function.
●Participated in defining Marketing Campaign objectives, Laid the Goals and kept the Team on track.

Feb 2021 to Jan 2022 Intelliswift Financial Data Analyst Consultant at Google Corporate Controllership for GStore and Fi
●Reduced Closing Time from 5 days down to 3-1/2 days by building Accounting Automation Apps in JavaScript and Plx.
●Built & maintained complex Data Pipelines in Plx, SQL, and Python.
●Developed and enforced Financial Data Policies.
●Worked closely with cross-functional partners in Finance, Sales and Supply Chain in building a Flux Dashboard for Demand/Forecast/Marketing ROI/Variance Analysis.
●Developed Project Management Templates for Accounting Automation Tools.
●Led the Accounting Automation Tools Project and facilitated communication between Finance and IT.
●Created Tableau Reports and Dashboards.

Oct 2020 to Jan 2021 Maris/DeWinter Consultant with the Corporate Financial Dept. at Salesforce
●Processed multidimensional Data in OneStream.
●Optimized Cubes and Transformation Rules in OneStream.
●Built an Excel VBA Tool for Customer Data Integration.
●Wrote and maintained OneStream Processing Documentation.

Sep 2018 to Oct 2020 Nelson/Artech. BI Analyst/Engineer II -Consultant at Google, Sunnyvale, CA
●Consultant with the Corporate Financial BI and the Corporate Hardware Dept. at Google.
●Built & maintained the Data Pipeline that populated the CFO Report.
●Partnered with Accounting/Finance to identify Data Issues/Patterns and develop programmatic solutions.
●Wrote and modified advanced SQL statements with GoogleSQL and DremelSQL.
●Created and maintained Dashboards with Google Plx, Data Studio, Google Sheets, and Tableau.
●Worked on financial data analysis of Google’s Corporate Revenue Channels.
●Worked on Python code to import data, and apply Business Logic and Analysis Metrics.
●Built and modified Database Web Apps with JavaScript.
●Carried out extensive Data Validation on Global Revenue Pipeline.
●Built Security Policy infrastructure in order to make Department Coding Projects compliant.
●Built Data Pipelines for Hardware Retail Sales.

Mar 2018 to Aug 2018 Globant, Inc. Sr Financial Data Analyst, Consultant at Google, Sunnyvale, CA
●Consultant with the Incentive Team in the Revenue Accounting Dept. at Google.
●Created and maintained ETL packages that refresh and update financial data tables.
●Wrote advanced SQL statements with GoogleSQL/DremelSQL for in-depth Financial Data Analysis.
●Created and maintained Dashboards to visually juxtapose, compare sales figures to accounting figures.
●Created and maintained Google SQL Scripts that help sales and accounting personnel reconcile Bonus payments based on Google’s global advertising sales.
●Analyzed and automated accounting processes. Mentored End-Users on GoogleSQL, Sheets, and Excel.
●Wrote and modified Linux Shell Scripts.

Oct 2016 to Feb 2018. Alpla. Hard, Austria. Corporate Business Intelligence Solution Architect
●Wrote T-SQL code with SSMS: stored procedures, queries, views, triggers, etc.
●Built a Financial Data Pipeline for the Financial Perspective of the Company wide SSAS Cube.
●Built and modified custom made Reports in SSRS and ArcPlan.
●Wrote and modified ETL Packages with SSIS.
●Developed kpi dashboards and scorecards with SSRS and Power BI.
●Modeled Data and built Data Warehousing Solutions with SSAS. Worked extensively with MDM.
●Took requirements and worked closely with end-users and subject-matter experts.
●Mentored end-users with Excel interfacing both into Cubes and Transactional Data Tables.

Sep 2015 to Sep 2016 Terna Consulting. Innsbruck, Austria. Business Analyst/SQL Developer
●Worked on-site at CBR Fashion Group, one of Europe's top women’s clothing manufacturers.
●Built Data Pipeline between the Transactional Database and the Corporate Data Warehouse.
●Wrote T-SQL and IBM DB2 code: views, stored procedures, triggers, etc.
●Built or modified custom made, client specific Reports and KPI Dashboards in SSRS, Tableau, Power BI.
●Took requirements and executed projects in a customer facing role.
●Wrote and modified ETL Packages with SSIS. Maintained SSAS Cubes.
●Worked closely with Business consultants analyzing customers' requirements and creating solutions.
●Modeled Data. Built Data Warehousing Solutions. Installed and configured SQL Server Software.

Nov 2013 to Sep 2015 Consultant at EPIC Aviation (British Petroleum). Salem, OR. Lead Reporting Analyst
●Epic Aviation is a 2B provider of aviation fuel, supplies and credit card services.
●Wrote numerous Financial, Sales, and Analysis Reports in SSRS.
●Worked on the Corporate Pipeline and implemented extensive data integrity and data validation checks.
●Created Dynamics CRM 2013 sub-areas, entities in JavaScript for company’s Customer Service Platform.
●Created and modified advanced T-SQL statements, queries, functions, triggers, and stored procedures.
●Performed extensive database analysis and implemented data modeling strategies.
●Designed, developed, validated, tested, and deployed client-specific reporting needs – including BI scorecards, dashboards, detailed listing reports, Ad-Hoc real-time analysis tools in Visual Studio 2012.
●Developed programming solution and data analysis with Company’s Credit Card.
●Created SSIS packages and SQL Jobs to maintain and improve Data Warehouse.
●Installed and configured SQL Server including Secure SSRS Report Server.

Jun 2013 to Nov 2013 Huron Consulting. Lake Oswego, OR. SQL Developer Consultant
●Huron Consulting is a 1B global Healthcare Management Consulting Company.
●Wrote and modified complex T-SQL statements, functions, and stored procedures within an agile team for Data Pipelines channeling Health Provider’s Data.
●Designed, developed, validated, tested, and deployed client-specific reporting needs in SSRS – including BI scorecards, dashboards, detailed listing reports, and Ad-Hoc real-time analysis tools.
●Translated client's functional requirements into accurate, effective and sustainable technical solutions that exceeded clients' needs.
●Performed tasks associated with the mapping, scrubbing, staging and integration of raw data files.

Feb 2013 to Apr 2013 Intel Corporation. Hillsboro, OR. Financial Data Analyst, Consultant
●Analyzed program membership data and recommended changes to membership database.
●Maintained sales reports and BI dashboards. Evaluated field sales models and implemented changes.

Jun 2011 to Present Avant Assessment. Eurgene, OR. Native Language Consultant German/Italian.
●Translated documents from a wide variety of clients, including medical, legal, and business documents.
●Provided Audio Expertise for Native Radio Commercial.
●Wrangled and analyzed Language Data and Language Learning/Assessment Models.
●Provided syntactic, semantic, and sociolinguistic expertise for translated manuals and documents.

May 2011 to Jan 2013 – Levi’s Strauss & Co. Eugene, OR. Senior Financial Analyst/Accountant
●Built complex SQL scripts, built Reports using SSRS built and Excel VBA applications..
●Worked with MDM to develop business rules and map business objects from SQLServer to SAP.
●Communicated, in both oral and written form, in German, Italian and Spanish with European affiliates.
●Performed high risk account reconciliations utilizing Blackline.
●Prepared, supported and posted Revenue Accounting Journal Entries.
●Booked and reconciled cash activities for Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
●Supported Finance and Accounting activities per US and EU GAAP.

Fully Professionally Pentalingual: English/German/Romansh/Italian/Spanish.

EDUCATION
University of Alaska, Fairbanks: MBA. (Focus on Accounting and Information Systems).
University of Arkansas, Little Rock: Bachelor’s Degree in Management (Focus on Information Systems)
Contact this candidate