Umair Khan
Maple Grove, MN, *****
551-***-****, ad86u5@r.postjobfree.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
Zimmer Biomet September 2022 - Present
Supply Chain Data Analyst Warsaw, IN
Optimized execution of supply chain by forecasting, ad-hoc reporting, scheduling orders and balancing inventory levels.
Developed interactive Dashboards and Reports using Excel, Tableau and PowerBI for the distributors across Canada & US to monitor operational KPI’s.
Analyzed weekly and monthly patterns to forecast business needs, reducing inventory costs in Inventory Management system SAP, SAP Business Client 7.0 and in AS400.
Created standard work processes (SOP & LTL) for supply chain related tasks, input and outputs, established systems and processes to measure compliance to the standards. Maple Leaf Foods May 2020 - September 2022
Logistics Analyst (Domestic and International) Mississauga, ON
Used analytical models and mathematical analysis to create and maintain Key Performance metrics KPIs.
Generated multiple reports for supply movements for domestic and international orders on a daily basis by using ERP, Tableau, BI Tools, and Excel.
Entered and analyzed data in the Corporate Financial Information System (SAP) such as purchase orders, good issues and good receipts.
Coordinated with Information System and Finance teams to boost performance. SkipTheDishes February 2018 - May 2023
Logistics Specialist Winnipeg, MB
Suggest enhancements to product design that would improve user experience.
Interpret data on logistic elements, such as availability, maintainability, reliability, supply chain management, strategic sourcing or distribution, supplier management or transportation.
INTERPERSONAL AND PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS
Excellent Organizational, Communicational, Supply Chain Optimization, Data, Business Analysis, Demand Forecasting, Planning and Time-Management skills. Ability to work creatively, critically, individually or in a team to accomplish the best outcome. SOFTWARE SKILLS
Advanced command of SAP, SAP Business Client 7.0, SAP SMS, Tableau, AS400, SQL, PowerBI, SNAP, Microsoft Office, Excel, Suits, Teams, Powerpoint & Outlook with strong business and financial-management skills. Leverage technology to elevate efficiencies, boost productivity, save cost and improve processes. EDUCATION
Bachelors of Public Administration
Minor in Engineering Mathematics
University of Manitoba
Contact this candidate