PROFILE

TOBN JOSEPH
Data Analyst
Campbell, CA 95008
Detail-oriented and analytical recent graduate with a degree in Computer Engineering from UC Davis. Equipped with a CompTIA Security+ certification and comprehensive training from Fullstack Academy's Cybersecurity Bootcamp, I bring a robust foundation in data analysis, programming, and data security. Proficient in SQL, Python, and data visualization tools, I am passionate about deriving actionable insights from complex datasets. Eager to apply my skills in a data analyst role while also exploring opportunities in IT and cybersecurity. Committed to leveraging my expertise to support data-driven decision-making and enhance organizational security.
CONTACT
PHONE: 408-***-****

WEBSITE: github.com/yellowflash98
linkedin.com/in/tobinjosephca
https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/tobin.joseph/vizzes

EMAIL: ad88vr@r.postjobfree.com
CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+ SY0-60
10/2023 CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills necessary to perform core security functions and pursue an IT security career.
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, SQL, R, C++, Java, MATLAB, JavaScript

Frameworks: Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scipy, Aws, Google could, HTML, CSS, JavaScript

Tools: Tableau, Microsoft Excel, Google sheets, Microsoft Power BI, Pycharm, Jupiter notebooks, Microsoft Visual Studios, Salesforce

EDUCATION
UC Davis
2018 - 2023
B.S Computer Engineering

EXPERIENCE
Sevensys Services – Campbell, CA
Product Analyst (June 2020 – Aug 2020)
. Developed a prototype for analyzing stock market data using Python/Pandas.
. Simple Moving Average (SMA) indicator.
.Implemented Bollinger Band (BB) indicators.
.Used TradeStation data to test the indicators implemented.

PROJECTS
Airbnb Listing Tableau Portfolio Project 1
I took a file from Kaggle that contained the data for Airbnb in the year 2016.I then made a dashboard on Tableau that highlights unique features of the data such as Average price per bedroom, Price per zip code, Price by zip code, Revenue for year, and Distinct count of bedroom listings.
Bike Dashboard Excel Portfolio Project 1
I took a file from Kaggle that showed the sales of bikes and uploaded it on Excel. I then created a Dashboard that highlights key fields such as average income per purchase, customer commute, and customer age bracket. I then added 3 slicers to arrange the data by marital status, region, and education
Walmart Sales Data MYSQL Portfolio Project 1
I took a file from Kaggle that showed the Data on Walmart Sales. I then uploaded the file on MYSQL and practiced my data cleansing and EDA skills.
Python Pandas Portfolio Project 1
I took some files from Kaggle and practiced reading in the files, Filtering Columns and Rows, Using Indexes,Group by and Aggregate functions, Merging Dataframes, Creating visualizations, Data cleansing, and EDA
Python Pandas Portfolio Project 2
I took a file from Kaggle and practiced exploratory data analysis, Data cleaning, and Data transformation.
Microsoft Power Bi Portfolio Project 1
I took a file from Kaggle that contained the data for people trying to break into data analyst roles. I then made a dashboard on PowerBI that highlights key features such as favorite programming language, Average age by job title, Job titles by gender, and County of survey takers.
Contact this candidate