Ericka Hinton
**** ***** **,
Tinley Park, IL ***77
773-***-**** ad89p7@r.postjobfree.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
University Health Services, Chicago, IL
Data Analyst Apprentice for an
Occupational Health Outreach Program
February 2022-August 2022
● During COVID crisis the daily quest was to remain up to date with COVID surges in the hospital and university campus.
● Medical Coding and Billing
● Keep records of client needs and preferences and all services provided BEG Style, Chicago, IL
Owner/Operator
License Cosmetologist, Stylist and Educator November1998 -Present
● Build and maintain relationships with clients by providing attentive care and customer service.
● Perform consultations with clients to assess their hair needs and create proper treatment plans.
● Handle all booking and services for a very diverse clientele.
● Keep records of client needs and preferences and all services provided.
● Sterilized equipment and clean work areas.
● Treat the hair to maintain and improve its appearance, using specialized techniques and products, such as conditioners and treatments.
● Informed staff of job responsibilities, performance expectations, client service standards, or corporate policies and guidelines.
● Monitored operations to ensure compliance with applicable health, safety, or hygiene standards.
● Responded to customer inquiries or complaints.
● Participated in continuing education classes to maintain current knowledge of industry. EDUCATION
Rasmussen University Graduated November 2021
Mokena, IL
SKILLS
• Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and execute corresponding reports.
• Identify visual data mapping strategies for use in COVID-19 response activities.
• Identify methods to optimize current EMR and databases including Agility, Immuware, and REDCaps.
• Develop tools, in compliance with HIPPA regulations, for sharing data and reports across a remote and on- site workforce.
• Identify opportunities and methods for electronic submission of reports and invoices to existing data warehouses.
• Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data sets.
• Strong business acumen includes managing people, conflicts, and other intricacies of operations.
• Highly focused, skilled at gathering and transferring feedback into actionable insights to generate revenue and for process improvement.
• Ensures accurate, timely, and appropriate assignment of ICD-10, CPT/HCPCS,
Contact this candidate