Jamie Randolph
Atlanta, GA *****
ad8ath@r.postjobfree.com
323-***-****

Objectives
● Enter an established diversified company where my professional skills, abilities, and work ethics are challenged, championed and enhanced.
● Experienced customer service leader, information technology professional, and data analyst with proven ability to integrate and coordinate multiple intricate department functions.
● Excellent communication and analytical skills, creative problem solver, solid, accurate, decision maker, who is very flexible.
● Serve all with professionalism, patience, integrity and tact.
● Join a business family where success, determination, accountability, positive mental attitude and customer satisfaction are the foundational tools used to collectively attain new levels of success.

Work Experience

Ops Infrastructure Engineer - Old Castle APG - Atlanta, GA 1-2020 - 3-2024
● Responsible for administration, configurations, and support of CUCM 12.5, CUC 12.X, CUPS 12.5
● Participated in software planning, consulting and platform selection.
● Responsible for the design, administration, and support of CUCM, CUC, CUPS, and JABBER platforms.
● Tracked installations, modifications, and support efforts to ensure goals were met.
● Gained extensive experience implementing, integrating and providing support to end user for new platform.
● Performed end user training on Cisco phone system as well as the Cisco Jabber applications.
● Gained experience troubleshooting and configuring WEBEX conference room wall boards.
● Provided T2 support for Call Manager, Network, and various other issues
● Assisted with the decommission of the legacy phone system Shortel.
● Responsible for the configurations and support of the CUCM Servers, CUC Servers.
● Trained entry-level engineers with CUCM navigational steps and basic MACD’s.
● Responsible for all Jabra headset configuration, support and end user training.
● Assisted other team members with special projects and technology rollouts.

Application Engineer II - Synovus Bank - Columbus, GA 1-2018 – 1-20

● Responsible for administration, modification, configurations, and troubleshooting of CUCM 11.X, CUC 11.X, CUPS 11.X, UCCE 11.X, Cisco Finesse, application(s).
● Gained extensive knowledge and experience supporting, troubleshooting, configuring and resolving issues related to UCCE, ICM, CVP, Cisco Finesses, CER
● Responsible for and gained extensive knowledge with UCCE & CVP monthly server patching
● Responsible for resolving trouble tickets regarding voice related issues within CUCM, UCCE, CUC, CUPS, JABBER, CVP, CER, ICM.
● Gained extensive experience and knowledge supporting and resolving issues with Bucher + Suter connects for salesforce.
● Performed upgrades and application update(s) to the Bucher + Suter application as required.
● Excelled at supporting administrating, and resolving issues related to 2Ring Wallboard Dashboard.
● Extensive experience administrating, troubleshooting, resolving end user issues with Calabrio & Workforce Management.
● Responsible for engaging vendors and carriers as required to assist in troubleshooting or implementation of application solutions.
● Implemented vendor packages such as those mentioned above.
● Ensured customers and end users receive prompt, accurate, professional, and courteous service.

Network Engineer II - Genuine Parts Company - Atlanta, GA 7-2015 – 7-2018

● Responsible for administration, modification, configurations, changes, and troubleshooting of CUCM 10.5, CUC 11.X, CUPS 10.5, UCCE10.5, Cisco Finesse
● Gaining extensive knowledge and experience supporting, troubleshooting, configuring and resolving issues related to UCCE, PCCE
● Responsible for CUC and CUCM server upgrades from version 10.5 to version 11.5.
● Administered UCCE platform, including but not limited to ticket resolution, troubleshooting, and moves, adds, changes, deletes.
● Participated in 24 hours on call support rotation - weekly
● Resolved trouble tickets regarding voice related issues within CUCM, UCCE, CUC, CUPS, JABBER,
● Extensive experience and knowledge with network monitoring tools, SolarWinds, Nagios, Live Actions
● Performed network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose network problems
● Experience troubleshooting CUBEs, and SIP trunks, resolving carrier related issues.
● Excelled at working with Infoblox, and Ultra DNS to managed service portal.
● Decommissioned and recommissioned enterprise teams in new office suites around the GPC Campus.
● Extensive experience in circuit turn-ups, Ethernet and T1 circuits from AT&T & Verizon to increase network bandwidth to remote distribution centers.
● Engaged vendors/carriers as required to assist in troubleshooting of network solutions.
● Configured hardware equipment (routers, switches, open gears) as needed for project roll out.
● Extensive experience with Live Action monitoring tool and application.
● Responsible for iWAN distribution site implementation.

Telecom Engineer - SunEdison - Boston, MA 5-2015 - 4-2017

● Responsible for administration, modification, configurations, changes, and troubleshooting of CUCM 10.5, CUC 11.X, UCCX 10.5, CUPS 10.5, BE6K Servers
● Gained extensive knowledge and experience supporting, troubleshooting and resolving issues related to CVO
● Participated in weekly update call regarding voice related issues, projects, ticket resolution, end user support.
● Responsible for resolving trouble tickets regarding voice related issues within CUCM, UCCX, CUC, CUPS,
● Maintained accurate inventory records (i.e., DID's, Phones, Extensions, CUCM licenses)
● Served as a single point of contact for Cisco VoIP issues and support for all locations with Cisco endpoints.
● Responsible for the decommissioning of remote locations within CUCM once the physical process is complete.
● Experienced with CUCM, CUC, UCCX, cleanup to confirm data and server accuracy.
● Responsible for maintaining accurate inventory records in CPLM for license usage.
● Excelled with new location/site configuration and deployment within CUCM.
● Gained extensive experience configuring, deploying, and supporting BE6K Servers (Cisco Business Edition 6000)

Voice / Network Engineer - Kids II Inc - Atlanta, GA 4-2004 - 7- 2014

● Supported Cisco IP Telephony applications including CUCM, 8.x, CUC 8.x, 9.x, UCCX, CUBAC.
● Supported Global MPLS WAN infrastructure: ISR Routers / Gateways, Catalyst Switches and ASA firewalls.
● Responsible for end user phone setup, voicemail, personal communicator/Cisco Jabber configuration within CUCM 8.x, 9.x,
● Gained extensive experience monitoring and resolving operational issues involving Cisco IP Telephony applications.
● Configured Cisco R&S, troubleshoot and resolve voice related issues for remote and international offices.
● Performed CUCM, CUC, UCCX, CUBAC migration upgrade within 8.x,
● Responsible for configuring, installing, monitoring, supporting, Network Optimization Devices: Riverbed Steelhead: Server side as well as remote offices Riverbed Steelheads.
● Managed Wireless Controller Cisco 5508, updated firmware, configured and deployed WAP, for entire corporate infrastructure and remote offices Worldwide
● Prepared documentation detailing configuration of Network/Voice hardware.
● Gained extensive knowledge, demonstrated proficiency troubleshooting, and monitoring of core LAN / WAN services for corporate HQ and remote sites Worldwide.
● Gained extensive experience, provisioning, supporting, troubleshooting of WAN technologies (i.e., T1/E1, T3/E3 circuits, PPP, and ISDN PRI/BRI).
● Configured, racked, cabled, and deployed new remote sites with Cisco IP Telephony Voice equipment.
● Responsible for providing support to remote sites with IP Telephony equipment, (China, Hong Kong, United Kingdom, South Africa, Japan, Arkansas, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, Amsterdam)
● Participated in, 24x7 on call rotation.
● Gained extensive hands-on experience with Cisco ASA/ASDM firewalls as well as other various firewalls.
● Responsible for managing disaster recovery/ business continuity as it relates to Network/Voice infrastructure.
● Responsible for integrating third-party applications in Cisco IP telephony environment.
● Responsible for maintaining, troubleshooting any issues with Cisco IPCC/UCCX, CUC, CUCM.
● Gained extensive experience with IPCC/UCCX scripting changes, modifications, and updates.
● Responsible for configuration, changes, updates, and troubleshooting issues within Cisco Unified Presence and CUPC 7.x, 8.x, 9.x.
● Performed new hire training as well as quarterly end user training on Cisco IP Phone use and features, and Cisco Jabber use and features.
● Excelled at training level 1 engineers on CUCM MACD, IP Telephony configuration, CUCM navigation and support.

Education

University of Tennessee Chattanooga - Bachelor 7-95 - 12-98

American Intercontinental University - Certification 4-02 - 5-02

New Horizon Computer Learning Center - Certification 5-10 - 6-11

Skills

• Various Certifications (Network+ Certification, CCNA-Voice, CCNP-Voice, ICND 1&2 Certificate of Completion)
• AUCCE1 Administering Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise Part 1 v10.0 Certificate of Completion
• AUCCE2 Administering Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise Part 2 v10.0 Certificate of Completion
• Various Applications (AS400, SQL Scripting, Python, Voss, Riverbed Steelhead, Live Action, Siebel, Xerxes)
• Various Applications Cont. (Bucher/Suter, Calabrio, 2Ring W&D, VMWare, CIMC, ESXi)
• Cisco Clear Air WAP
• Cisco Nexus Switch
• Cisco Wireless LAN Controller: 5508
• Cisco Catalyst Switch: (2900 Series), (3500 Series), (4500 Series)
• Various Cisco Router Series (800, 1800, 2800,4300, 4400, 5500, 6500)
• Various Cisco Security Appliances (ASA 5510, 5515, 5520, 5580)
• Various Protocols (TCP/IP, DHCP, VoIP, SIP, H323, H245, PRI SCCP, MGCP, DHCP)
• Various Networks (LAN, WAN, iWAN)
• Various Call Manager Versions (CME, CUCM 7.x – 14.x)
• Various Cisco Applications (CUC, UCCX, Finesse, Jabber, CUBAC, CUIC, CVP, CER, ICM, Telepresence)
Contact this candidate