DANH NGUYEN CONG
+* YOE Market Research & Data Analyst Tableau Data Analyst Certified BA
Location: Makati, Metro Manila, Philippine
Mobile: +63-967-***-**** (Viber/Whatsapp/Telegram) Email: ad8btn@r.postjobfree.com
---SKILLS---
Certified Expert Tableau Data Analyst
Strong in Power BI
Advanced SQL & Intermediate Python
Machine Learning Basics
Data Cleaning and Preprocessing
ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Processes
Statistical Analysis
Spreadsheet Proficiency (Excel/Google Sheets)
Data Mining, Visualization & Reporting
Gathering Business questions & Problem-solving
Agile Methodologies
Business Use Case Development
Project Management
Business Process Improvement
WORKING HISTORY
Marketing Promotion Data Analyst
AVANTICE CORPORATION
2024 – Present
Generate post-promotion reports by using Tableau & SQL that provide managers with actionable insights, leading to a 20% increase in promotion/campaign performance.
Conduct routine checks to identify customers eligible for promotional rewards based on their engagement levels.
Collaborate with supervisors to analyze behavioral data, utilizing data analysis to forecast purchasing behaviors that influence promotional strategies, guiding the strategic decisions regarding promotional conditions.
Following competitors’ activities, especially promotions activities, to analyze tactics & strategy of competitors.
Gather, manage, and organize data for market research and insights and render business support in order to ensure efficient operational processes.
Senior Research & Product Data Analyst
VNG GAME – GAME STUDIO SINGAPORE & MALAYSIA
2021 – 2024
Conducted comprehensive market research and data analysis to identify growth opportunities in Vietnam and South East Asia markets, aiding in product feature development and optimization.
Utilizing SQL & proficiency in using Tableau to visualize data and build dashboards to track performance of the new products launching.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and research mobile game projects, evaluating both newly released and developing games.
Building Excel Dashboards to manage & work with Accountants on the financial performance of the products, as well as implementing and executing the rolling forecast.
Integrated and analyzed data from various sources, including industry reports, public information, field reports, and purchased data, to perform quantitative and qualitative research.
Synthesized and visualized complex data sets to present findings, actionable insights.
Assisted in the preparation of proposals by researching subject matter, gathering background information, and developing compelling proposals.
Senior Research & Data Analyst
BUZZMETRICS – SOCIAL LISTENING COMPANY
2018 – 2021
Senior Research & Data Analyst 2020 – 2021
Allocating workload for team members, monitoring members' performance based on competencies, as well as helping them to set up and develop improvement plans.
Conducting & managing social listening research - Brand Audit projects for key clients to find out new rooms & opportunities for brands.
Adjusting & customizing the suitable working process for each project, to ensure the project runs smoothly for all stakeholders. Research & Data Analyst 2018 – 2020
Understanding & reporting about Categories: Smart handhelds (Smartphone, Tablet, Smartwatch), Bath & Shower, Handwashing, Haircare, Seasoning, Instant Noodles, Cosmetics, etc.
The main person in charge of Usage and Attitude Reports as well as consulting for accounts: Samsung IM, CPD segment of L’Oréal, Masan
(Seasoning & Instant Food), etc.
EDUCATION
Data Analyst Program - Charles Sturt University 2024 - 2025 Bachelor of Marketing - Hoa Sen University 2013 - 2018 CERTIFICATION
• Tableau Certified Data Analyst – Tableau July 2024
• HackerRank SQL (Advanced) - HackerRank June 2024
• Agile Data & Information Management – IT Masters June 2024
Contact this candidate