Summary: Experienced professional proficient in analytical tools, statistics, and computing methodologies. Dedicated to delivering valuable insights and strategic recommendations through thorough data analysis. Skilled in translating complex data into actionable business solutions. Eager to contribute to a dynamic team, optimizing business processes and decision-making.

Work History

Parishram Resources Pvt Ltd Jun-2023 - Present
Junior Technical Engineer / Business Analyst
Client : Hitachi Systems India Ltd
Projects Handled: 11
Management Skills
Single point of contact for all the projects completed before time and with highest efficiency
Collaborated with national & international stakeholders for timely delivery of the services
Prepared Statement of Work (SoW), Business Requirements Document (BRD), Plan of Action (POA), Deployments Documents, etc
Driven User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for all the projects, managed the complete production roll-out
Prepared visualization charts and dashboards as per business requirements by connecting various resources with Microsoft PowerBI, created custom alerts
Created custom queries using Kusto Query Language (KQL) on Microsoft Azure
Created wire-frames using draw.io according to the requirements, conducted AS IS - TO BE analysts
Azure Data Factory
Created and configured resources groups, storage, data factories, SQL databases, virtual machines, databricks workspace, synapse workspace using private endpoints.
Created flow for generating alerts when the subscription cost exceeds the set limit following restriction for creation of any resources using Logic Apps.
Created and configured Self Hosted Integration Runtime on virtual machines for seamless connectivity between various resources when using private endpoints.
Created and configured linked services between Data Factory and SQL databases, databricks, Data Lake Storage, Key Vault, etc., integrated various resources with Microsoft PowerBI.
Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) before the production roll-out
Microsoft Defender for Endpoints
On-boarded a total of 826 endpoints including Windows 10, Windows 11 and Windows 2016 and 2019 servers.
Set rules for Attack surface reduction to reduce attack surface of endpoints by blocking malicious software behavior and scripts.
Created group policies on servers for configuration of endpoints of respective Organizational Units according to the requirements.
Microsoft LAPS (Local Administrator Password Solution)
Implemented and Configured Microsoft LAPS on 1700+ client machines for 5 different locations
Configured necessary group policies and applied on servers.

Molars Technology May 2019 - Jun 2020
Sr. Business Analyst
Industry: Edtech, E-commerce
Created detailed Business Requirements Documents (BRDs) leading to improved functionality and user satisfaction.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, ensuring a cohesive approach to business analysis.
Managed stakeholder expectations through transparent communication and timely status updates, ensuring alignment between project deliverable and business objectives.
Facilitated requirement gathering workshops, resulting in clear project objectives and deliverable.
Improved project efficiency by analyzing business processes and identifying areas for improvement.
Created wireframes using Lucidchart according to the project/ client requirements.
Supported leadership team with reporting, analysis, and business presentations to inform divisional strategies.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define project objectives and criteria.
Created dashboards using Microsoft PowerBI to monitor and track key performance indicators.
Managed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) before the production roll-out.

The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd Jul 2017 - Feb 2018
Electrical Officer
Maintained electrical, electronics and navigational machinery onboard vessel
Monitored loading and discharging operations to minimize machine failures
Managed crew safety as per International Maritime Safety Standards
Led technical team during emergency drills and evacuation processes.

Bitwin Technology Aug 2015 - Jun 2017
Business Analyst
Industry: E-commerce / Food & Service
Prepared Business Requirements Documents (BRD), Functional Requirements Documents (FRD), Scope or Work (SoW) for various projects.
Conducted interviews with key business users to collect information on business processes and user requirements.
Collaborated closely with stakeholders to identify opportunities for process improvements and drive continuous innovation in the organization.
Developed high-quality documentation to support training efforts, helping employees fully understand new systems and procedures.
Improved business processes by analyzing current practices and recommending optimization strategies.
Interacted with internal customers to understand business needs and translate into requirements and project scope.
Supported software development projects by defining clear requirements and effectively communicating them to technical teams.
Improved business direction by prioritizing customers and implementing changes based on collected feedback.

The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd Nov 2014 - May 2015
Assistant Electrical Officer
Planned and Executed smooth operations and preventive maintenance of machinery onboard.
Monitored safety compliance to maintain strict standards and protect team members from harm.
Managed and updated inventory using Planned Management System.
Assisted with day-to-day operations, working efficiently and productively with all team members.

Sunil Hitech Engineers Ltd Nov 2011 - Jun 2012
Graduate Engineer Trainee
Managed project of Electrical and C&I departments for 250 MW Thermal Power Station
Planned and scheduled site visits, coordinated with clients and vendors
Cross functional collaboration with various departments for smooth and efficient project processing

Skills

Microsoft Office Microsoft Azure Stakeholder Management
Agile/ Waterfall Python/ SQL/KQL BRD/ FRD/ SoW/POA
Power BI Data Factory Jira
Databricks User Acceptance Test (UAT) Synapse Analytics User Stories Visualization Requirement Elicitation
Wireframes Prototyping Requirement Gathering
Presentation Microsoft Security Acceptance Criteria

Education Qualification
Post Graduate Diploma
High Performance Computer Application Programming
Center for Development of Advance Computing (CDAC-ACTS), Pune
Sep 2022 - May 2023
Skills: Python, SQL, Parallel Programming, OpenMP, MPI, Computed Unified Device Architecture (CUDA)

Master in Business Administration (MBA)
Business Analytics
Symbiosis Institute of Business Management, Bengaluru
Aug 2020 - May 2022
Skills:Business Analysis, Python, Jira, SQL, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Operations Analytics, HR Analytics, PowerBI, Tableau, JASP, Gretl

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)
Electrical Engineering
Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering Research and Technology, Chandrapur
Aug 2006 - May 2011

Certificates
Microsoft Certified: Power BI Data Analyst Associate (PL-300)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Enterprise Data Analyst Associate [Designing and Implementing Enterprise-Scale Analytics Solutions Using Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Power BI] (DP-500)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Data Engineer Associate (DP-203)
Microsoft Certified: Power Automate RPA Developer Associate (PL-500)
Contact this candidate