Christelle Winny Mondesir
Orlando, FL ad8e1e@r.postjobfree.com (561) 377 – 4367
SUMMARY
Certified professional in Excel, SQL and Python with proven experience in data analysis and project management. Proficient in creating interactive dashboards and performing data cleansing to drive insights and improve decision-making.
CERTIFICATIONS
PCAP - Certified Associate Python Programmer, August 2024
Oracle Database SQL Certified Associate, July 2024
Excel 2019 Expert, June 2023
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Apps and Tools : Excel, Power BI, Visio, Word, Anaconda, MySQL Workbench, Erwin Data Modeler, React JS, Laravel
Programming : Python, JavaScript, Java, PHP
Databases : Oracle SQL, MySQL, MongoDB
Project Management : Agile, Waterfall Project management
Languages : Fluent in English, French, Haitian Creole, Conversational in Spanish WORK EXPERIENCE
TURBO SYSTEM S.A Haïti
IT Project Director Assistant February 2024 – June 2024
Assisted in coordinating 2 new projects, managing project planning, resource allocation, and execution while overseeing ongoing projects.
Facilitated communication with external stakeholders to evaluate and integrate products that could enhance Turbo’s operations.
Executed queries on Oracle SQL/MySQL databases to generate KPI and team performance reports for a team of 10.
Developed 8 sales procedures for a vehicle fleet management application, including detailed Visio flowcharts to visualize and streamline complex processes. UNIGESTION HOLDING S.A (DIGICEL) Haïti
Core Engineer January 2022 – February 2024
Administered telecom Core servers (MSC, HLR, MGW, HSS) supporting voice services for over 4 million active subscribers.
Automated HLR SIM provisioning by creating VBA scripts. Reconciled multiple Core tables to produce a central PBX file for over 100 customers.
Directed multi-team project across Core, Charging, IP, IT departments, leading the development of applications such as inventory and file management systems, which enhanced equipment and file tracking by 3 days.
Performed Excel data cleansing on HLRs and MSCs, resulting in a 30% reduction in system alarms. ICT Contractor June 2019 – January 2022
Managed inventory and documentation. Tracked and presented Excel reports on ICT deliveries and support services, contributing to achieving an SLA compliance rate of over 95%.
Collected and sanitized data for over 2500 customers to prepare a central database for ICT, utilizing Excel and Power BI.
Coordinated a cross-departmental project (across ICT, Core, IP, Transmission, IT), to develop a centralized data repository for ICT, which reduced data retrieval time by 7 days, streamlining the process to near-instantaneous access.
Trained coworkers to Excel usage, empowering them to efficiently manage daily tasks and create insightful charts and dashboards.
RF Intern March 2018 – May 2019
Conducted network coverage analysis using Metricell and Excel to improve Digicel's 2G/3G/LTE coverage and enhance customer experience.
Surveyed and optimized 20+ sites for successful LTE deployment.
Analyzed daily excel reports on over 15 incidents for root-cause analysis. EDUCATION
FACULTY OF SCIENCE, STATE UNIVERSITY OF HAITI Haïti Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering 2012 – 2017 TRAINING
Data analysis with Pandas and Python - In progress (Udemy)
CAPM Certification 2024 - Project Management Course, February 2024 (Udemy)
Microsoft Power BI Certification : DA -100 PL -300 Exam Prep, August 2023 (Udemy)
Contact this candidate