Athan Genita
ad8f03@r.postjobfree.com
Cell## 704-***-****)

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
●5+ years of experience as MS SQL Developer in administration and development of database design and development in SQL
However, I also have experience working with Hadoop technologies.
I worked with a team of Hadoop developers to build a machine learning model that could analyze customer data store in Hadoop.
●Server 2019/2022.
●Experienced data analyst with advanced proficiency in power bi desktop and Cloud.
Expert in data visualization, dashboard creation, and report generation to facilitate data-driven decision making. Skilled in data modeling, data transformation, and data manipulation using DAX, M, and SQL.
●Excellent experience in SSIS, SSRS of MS SQL Server.
●Highly expert in translating Business System Design document into technical design document.
●Proficient in writing complex T-SQL queries using Inner, Left, Right, Outer and Cross Joins.
●Experience in scheduling SSIS packages using SQL Server Agent.
●Strong knowledge of using variables and expressions in packages.
●Experience in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
●Excellent skills in implementing ETL Packages using DTS and SSIS.
●Proficient in implementing all transformations available on the SSIS toolbox.
●Expert in resolving the performance issue of SSIS packages.
●Experience in BI suite - using integration services (SSIS) for ETL (Extraction, Transformation and Loading), reporting services
●(SSRS) for creating different types of reports and analysis services (SSAS) for design and developing complex cubes
●Well versed in Importing/Exporting Data from various data sources like Excel and Flat file using BCP, Bulk Insert &amp, DTS utility.
●Experience with development, deployment and delivering reports through both native-mode and SharePoint Server integrated
●modes. Configured content types, document libraries and access controls for various business groups on SharePoint Server.
●Strong experiences to Design, deploy, and maintain various SSRS Reports in SQL Server 2012.
●Administered interface to organize reports and data sources, schedule report execution and delivery, and track reporting history
●using SSRS 2022.
●Extensive experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services.
●Effective communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to focus on multiple tasks in a high-pressure environment.

EDUCATION\CERTIFICATION
●Certified Microsoft SQL Power bi Developer, Business Intelligence Development and Maintenance
●Bachelor Degree in Electronics Engineering Technology DeVry University Toronto Canada

TECHNICAL SKILLS
●MS-SQL Server, MS Visual Studio, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting
Services (SSRS), T- SQL, ETL, HTML, XML.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Colaberry school, Power bi developer / IT Analyst (Dallas Texas-Remote) Nov 2018 – Current
Responsibilities
●Created SSIS packages to migrate data from different data sources to data warehouse.
●Work across departments, Masco Business Units, and with other external customers to deliver value from Masco Support
●Services’ investment in database and other systems.
●Deliver end-to-end reporting solutions including requirements gathering, data sourcing, data cleansing, data normalization and
●reporting.
●Create and maintain advanced ETL processes for easy data flow to various systems.
●Monitor automated SSIS (ETL) and other system processes for success and failures.
●Assist with logical and physical data modeling to support business initiatives.
●Collaborate with end users to identify needs and opportunities for improved data management and delivery.
●Develop, automate and run user-friendly dashboards and reports using tools like Excel and Power BI.
●Expeditiously conduct root cause analysis to resolve system errors.
●Provide general technical support and troubleshooting.
●Developed SSIS Packages to perform Data loads from various types of sources files (Flat files, Oltp, Excel, XML, Data Mart, Access
●Database).
●Successfully extracted transformed and load data into data warehouse.
●Created packages by testing and cleaning the Standardized Data by using tools in Data Flow Transformations (Data Conversion,
●Export Column, Merge join, Sort, Union all, Conditional Split and more) for existing/new packages and huge CSV file import from
●different data sources and other ongoing tasks for mapping.
●Extensively designed the packages and data mapping using Control flow task, Sequence container task, Dataflow Task, Execute
●SQL Task, Data conversion task, Derived Column task and Script Task in SSIS Designer.
●Scheduled SSIS packages for running daily, monthly and weekly feeds from various guarantors and multiple servers and
●resources.
●Involved in enhancing and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
●Designed, deployed, and maintained of various power bi reports.
●Used various SSIS tasks such as Conditional Split, Derived Column etc., which did Data Scrubbing, including data validation
●checks during Staging, before loading the data into the Data warehouse.
●Enhanced and deploying the SSIS Packages from development server to production server.
●Created Alerts for successful or unsuccessful completion of Scheduled Jobs.
●Created Sub-Reports, Drilldown-Reports, Summary Reports, and Parameterized Reports in Power BI.
●Created the reports based on the requirements using Power BI.
●Formatted the reports using the Global variables and expressions.
●Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages.
●Created databases and schema objects including tables, indexes and applied constraints, connected various applications to the
●database and written function, stored procedures.
●Built Power BI report.
●Worked with drill down, cross tab reports as well as chart control reports.
●Involved in writing SQL Scripts using T SQL to create the datasets for the reports.
●Involved in writing stored procedures that are used for building consolidated datasets for better reporting needs.
●Developed interactive and paginated reports using Power BI to provide actionable insights to stakeholders.
●Implimated a paginated reporting strategy for complex datasets, enhancing user experience and improving data comprehension.
●Designed a table of contents page to facilitate quick access to specific sections, improving overall report usability.
Data Visualization Specialist CEM January (Charlotte-Onsite) 2016 - June 2018
●Designed and built interactive Power BI dashboards to provide real-time insights into business performance, using DAX, data modeling, and advanced visualization techniques.
●Developed custom reports and performed ad-hoc data analysis to support business decisions.
●Collaborated with cross-functional teams to implement data solutions that met business requirements and improved decision-making processes.
●Developed and maintained complex SQL Server databases to support business applications.

Skills

●Defined Check constraints, Business Rules, Indexes, and Views.
●Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases, data mart
●databases.
●Responsible for creating the reports basing on the requirements using SSIS in visual studio 2012.
●Developed SSIS Templates which can be used to develop SSIS Packages such a way that they can be dynamically deployed
●into, Test and Production Environments.
●Involved in extracting the data using SSIS from OLTP to OLAP.
●Involved in Deployment and Administration on SSIS packages with Business Intelligence development studio.
●Developed, monitored and deployed SSIS packages.
●Performance tuning of Stored Procedures and T-SQL Queries.
●Created indexes on selective columns to speed up queries and analyses in SQL Server Management Studio.

●Used Execution Plan, SQL Server Profiler to trace the slow running queries and tried to Optimize SQL queries for improved
●performance and availability.
●Performed data conversion from flat file into a normalized database structure.
●Involved in writing stored procedures that are used for building consolidated datasets for better reporting needs.
●Involved in writing SQL Scripts using T SQL to create the datasets for the reports.
●Worked with drill down, cross tab reports as well as chart control reports.
●Successfully understood and implemented the reporting requirements with less amount of supervision.
●Extensively used SSIS transformations such as Lookup, Derived column, Data conversion, Aggregate, Conditional split, SQL
●task, Script task and send mail task etc.
●Built and unit tested reports using SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)
●Created reports that call Sub reports in SSRS.
●Generated Crosstab, Drill-down, Drill-through,
Contact this candidate