Thompson Mondeh
ad8koo@r.postjobfree.com (233-*****-****
Accra, Ghana
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A data analyst with a highly skilled job-related software such as Excel, Alteryx, SQL, Python, Smartsheet and Power BI. Possess the ability to analyze large and complex datasets to identify flaws, weakness and fraud. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ghana Ports and Harbor Authority, Tema, Ghana
Data Analyst September 2021 – Present
Demonstrated advanced proficiency in MS Excel, utilizing functions such as Pivot tables, vlookup’s, sumifs, conditional formatting, charts, graphs, and dual-axis charts to transform data into meaningful insights.
Conducted thorough quality control checks on reports in Excel format, identifying and rectifying errors, and comparing data against source information.
Researched, developed, and tested data methodologies, and generate cross-functional solutions through metrics collection, interpretation, evaluation, and analysis of large data sets. Employed strong skills in data visualization to work with existing templates and enhance their effectiveness.
Data Entry Clerk September 2017 – August 2021
Collected field data on cleared containers in the terminal. Analyzed data using statistical software and interpreting data Provided timely feedback to supervisors in relation to ongoing projects Gathered, classified, and corrected information to be entered into applicable systems and verified all data entries for accuracy and completeness.
Cocoa Research Institute of Ghana, New Tafo-Akim, Ghana Intern January 2019 – December 2020
Assisted the manufacturing team with the collection of data and keeps records of products manufactured. Supervised field workers within the manufacturing department. Assisted management by proactively monitor the progress of monthly and quarterly processes and address potential risks and/or delays to timely data processing. EDUCATION
University Of Development Studies, Navrongo, Ghana June 2017 BSc. Mathematical Science (Statistics)
TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS Excel, Power BI, IDEA, Alteryx, Project Management, Quantitative Analysis, SQL, Smartsheet, Data Analysis, Python
Contact this candidate