Stephanie Shaffer boasts a decade of valuable technical support experience across diverse industries, including telecom, finance, trucking freight, courier services, federal, and insurance. Her proficiency extends to Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, with a particular emphasis on pivot tables. Stephanie has a proven track record of importing Excel data for effective manipulation in spreadsheets, profiles, templates, and form letters. Her technical skills also encompass Remedy, the ESS ticketing system, and Salesforce. With a confident work ethic, Stephanie excels in multitasking to achieve objectives. She is highly effective in communication and possesses strong organizational abilities. Currently residing in Cicero, IL, Stephanie is open to remote work, aligning with the central time zone.

Stephanie Shaffer
linkedin.com/in/stephanie-shaffer ️-91932812

Professional Summary
Hands on experience as an Administrative Assistant with good experience in providing clerical support type faxes made travel arrangements distributes mail maintains files, schedules meeting.
She has experience in importing Excel data to manipulate data in spreadsheets, profiles, templates, and form letters.
She has been responsible for Calendar Management and Scheduled appointments and participated in preparation for meetings.
She is proficient in Microsoft Office 2010: Access, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook & Excel (Pivot Tables), Atlas, Data Analyst, and Client Support Analyst.
Customer service experience and administrative professional.
Prepared correspondence, reports, minutes, and prepared reports needed for special projects.
Typed letters, memoranda, reports and other materials from rough drafts or corrected copies.
Imported Excel data to manipulate data in spreadsheets, profiles, templates, and form letters.
Scheduled appointments and participated in preparation for meetings.
Established and maintained the office filing system and ensured confidentiality of documents.
Worked with some form of Software data-based system and is able to adopt, learn and work with others.

Technical Skills
Microsoft Office 2010: Access, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook & Excel (Pivot Tables), Remedy Ticketing System, Atlas, Data Analyst, Client Support Analyst, Administrative Assistant, Claims Processor, Automated Data Specialist

Professional Experience
AT&T, IL May 2022 – Nov 2023
Information Technology Specialist
TIER 1.5 helpdesk specialist.
Assist customer with ticket updates for technologies issues that require AT&T service technicians to remediate.
General office duties and administrative support
Answer phones and create tickets for the issue at hand for service repairs.
Client Database which is used is Unified Desktop ticketing system for client/customer's internet issues.
Follow up with feedback to the customer/client to inform them of progress on their issues.
Worked with ESS TICKETING SYSTEMS to resolve weekend clients with service issues. Followed up with dispatch on ETA for service and communication with customer and team members who have concerns.

UPS, Chicago, IL Nov 2021 – May 2022
Administrative Assistant
Enter program registrations, process payments, set up payment plans, program changes, refunds, and cancellations.
Data Entry entered file numbers on spreadsheet for housing files headed to destruction.
Scheduled appointments and participated in preparation for meetings.
Provided clerical support types of faxes made travel arrangements distributes mail maintains files, schedules meeting.
Facilitate account maintenance, update customer information, notes, and alerts on accounts.
Ensure customers receive the highest level of service and can address any issues that a customer may have via support ticket system, phone, and on-line chat.

US Census Bureau, IL Jul 2020 – Nov 2021
Enumerator, FIELD Operations
Knocked on doors to confirm residency for the occupants who lived in the unit to be included in the census collection of occupancy.
Used an iPhone to direct me on what address need information to collect.
Spoke with anyone who was 16 or older to confirm 9ccupancy and entered the data into the cellular database for operations.
Contacted supervisor or Field Operations for underlining issues I'm unable to complete. (Usually, refusals to be swapped into another team members log).
Soike with office managers and property managers to confirm occupancy when I was unable to do so.
General office work included keeping up with materials to work, adhering to protocol and working with team in dangerous neighbors.

Cox Automotive Group, IL Feb 2020 – Apr 2020
CSR
Strong dedication and enthusiasm in providing excellent Customer Service, Providing the first level of support, answering a high volume of calls and e-mails from customers.
Superior telephone etiquette and an ability to deal effectively with customers, vendors, peers, and management Assists customers with a variety of questions, requests, and issues, effectively research, document, track and monitor customers’ requests and issues to ensure timely resolution.
Ability to work well with people with varying degrees of technical experience / knowledge.
Capacity to learn multiple new software products both functionality and how to troubleshoot, exhibiting excellent problem-solving skills with the ability to implement a solution.
Accurately input use case data within Salesforce.com, providing the necessary documentation of customer issues for tracking both resolution and escalation.

US Cellular, Schaumburg, IL Jun 2019 – Nov 2019
Administrative Assistant
Perform all notifications and escalations as required and outlined.
Update and inform all personnel involved with any issue by documenting the status as given by field or Technical Team personnel. (Surveillance).
Provide reporting structure and report access via web resources similar to the current traffic and performance data reports. (Systems Support).
Provide access for ad-hoc reporting by the parties involved for internal use as well as performance review. (Systems Support).
Provide timely status and updates in the manner outlined hereafter until resolution of issue.
Using the fault identification network monitoring platform tools available, create trouble tickets to document troubleshooting and resolution.
Perform triage of existing tickets using tools and automated processes.
Verify physical layer issues working with test equipment or vendors.
Verify hardware and software configurations.
Downgrade tickets only after authorization from the most Senior Tier 2.
Ensure lunch and breaks are taken, while ensuring proper network coverage.
Review unassigned tickets, confirming which should be referred out to appropriate Support Groups for further investigation.
Ensure compliance with the Workforce Management Ticket Handling criteria.

UPS, ELK, Grove Village, IL Sep 2018 – Dec 2018
Administrative Assistant
Records Audit Project
Microsoft office skill including EXCEL, and Outlook for email.
Data Entry entered file numbers on spreadsheet for housing files headed to destruction.
Databases used E2K to verify documents scanned properly & Compliance MGT system to enter files for destruction by Iron Mountain.
General office included communication with supervisor on progress, typing, shredding documents, etc.

AETNA/BSWIFT, Chicago, IL Apr 2017 – Dec 2017
Health Concierge Administrative Assistant /Call Service Center
Maintained Microsoft Outlook for client updates for FAQ to assure that I am updated on new rules, utilizing the Benefits Guide for each client consistently.
Answered inbound calls from clients who needed to enroll in health benefits, 401K, and life insurance options during Open Enrolment period, pricing plans, plan details as well as cost for benefits.
Also handled inquires for benefits for Life Events, using the Avaya phone system, Salesforce/ In-contact ticketing system, Analyze Data from FAQ, Healthcare providers, and Microsoft Office
Worked with team leads and supervisors for assistance with issues when I was unable to find resolution.
Created tickets using Salesforce- InContact for unresolved issues or questions that requires analysts review.
Placed outbound calls to clients who required call-back on their ticket/case number and provided them with case results.

Travelers Insurance, Chicago, IL Dec 2015 – Jun 2016
Automated Data Specialist
Scanning paper files on Xerox scanner to a PDF document and using a spreadsheet to drop them electronically in BI-Workstation Application.
Used an Excel spreadsheet to place the files in specific folders: compliance, underwriting, rating, correspondence, etc. and dropped them for the next renewal year, these documents are required to quote the business of Ocean Marine insured client.

Bobby E. Wright Comprehensive Behavioral Health Center, Chicago, IL, Administrative Assistant to the President/CEO Dec 2014 – Nov 2015
Allstate Insurance Company, Chicago, IL, Claims Processor Jul 2014 – Dec 2014
Iri Worldwide Inc., Administrative Assistant Jan 2014 – May 2014
Krol Advisory Solutions, Chicago, IL, Administrative Assistant May 2013 – Jun 2013
Ceridian, Rosemont, IL, Client Support Analyst Consultant Nov 2012 – Feb 2013
Allstate Insurance Company, Northbrook, IL, Data Analyst/New Business Representative Jul 2012 – Sep 2012
DeVry University, Downers Grove, IL, IT Help Desk Analyst Jun 2011 – Jul 2012
Potestivo & Associates, LLC (Law Office), Chicago, IL, Law Clerk/Courier Oct 2011 – Mar 2012
Kelly Services, Administrative Assistant/Customer Service/Records Coordinator/Office Assistant JAN 2008 – OCT 2011

Education
Associates of Arts in Business Management, Triton College, River Grove, IL

Training / Certifications
Certified Weatherization Building Auditor, Hispanic American Construction Industry Association (HACIA)
LLC Hazardous Waste Mgt/LLC Lead Abatement/LLC Asbestos & CPR, OAI, Inc.
MS Office Proficiency (for administrative positions only)
Contact this candidate