Samyuktha
Data Analyst +1-940-***-**** ad8mh7@r.postjobfree.com
Summary:
Overall 9+ Years of experience, which 4+ years in analysis, design, and development of SQL Server Databases & Power BI tools in Data warehousing applications
Database Design, Development, Data Modelling, and Implementation of business applications with RDBMS, Data Warehouse/Data marts, ETL, and client/server environment in various domains, on MS SQL Server, SSIS/SSRS/SSAS for both OLTP and OLAP Systems.
I have developed a thorough knowledge and maturity in all the phases of understanding business processes, gathering requirements, and coordinating ongoing iterative development of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Developed and maintained Ci/CD methodologies using Ansible, puppet, and Jenkins
Expertise in Power BI, Power BI Pro, and Power BI Mobile. Expert in creating and developing Power BI Dashboards with a rich look.
Have experience in Azure Data Factory to migrate on-prem data to the cloud
Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop.
Experience in maintaining the Log and Audit information in SQL tables, and providing Logging, and Error Handling by using Event Handler for SSIS Packages.
Experience in creating various Parameterized, Cascaded, linked, and Drill-through, and drill-down reports.
Experience in SQL server administrative skills including backups, disaster recovery, database maintenance, user roles, authentication and authorizations, and database creation.
Skillful in ETL-Extraction Transformation Loading, from heterogeneous sources (Excel, Flat file, CSV file, Access DB, DB2) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS. Such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Lookup, Derived Column, Sort, merge, and union all.
Involved in building SSAS Data Cubes. Have knowledge of Python Programming.
Experience with Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, SQL Data Warehouse Azure Blob, and Azure Storage Explorer
Strong experience in the Analysis, design, development, testing and Implementation of Business Intelligence solutions using Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, ETL, BI, and Client/Server applications.
Strong Data Warehousing ETL experience of using Informatica PowerCenter Client tools - Mapping Designer, Repository Manager, Workflow Manager/Monitor and Server tools - Informatica Server, Repository Server manager.
Hands-on experience in Data profiling and Unix shell scripting.
Extensive testing ETL experience using Informatica Power Centre (Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor, and Server Manager) and Business Objects.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frames and divisions using Power BI. Good in Analytical thinking for translating data into informative visuals and reports.
Experience in creating and managing fragmentation of Indexes to achieve better query performance. Experience in SQL Profiler, Performance Tuning and Query Optimization.
Optimizing the database speed by tuning SQL queries, configuring the database, changing database structure, and redefining the database.
Extensively worked on Table Design creating Clustered Indexes, Non-Clustered Indexes, Primary key Foreign Key Relationships, highly complex joins, and SQL Scripts for Views and Materialized Views.
Highly proficient in packages to extract, transform, and load data (ETL) using SSIS, designed packages which are utilized for tasks and transformations Data Conversion and Pivot tables.
Designed ETL process using Informatica Tool to load from Sources to Targets through data Transformations.
Strong experience in Dimensional Modelling using Star and Snowflake Schema, Identifying Facts and Dimensions, and Physical and logical data modeling using Erwin and ER-Studio.
Worked on End-to-End design, development, support, testing, and data analysis.
Excellent initiative, innovative thinking skills, and the ability to analyze details and adopt a big-picture view.
Excellent organizational, project management, and problem-solving skills.

Skills & Abilities
Data Visualization
POWER BI, SSRS, Tableau, IBM Cognos Analytics
Database
Oracle11i, SQL Server, Teradata, DB2, Snowflake, MYSQL
ETL
Informatica, SSIS, Data Stage
Job Scheduling Tools
Cron Tab, Tivoli, Autosys & Control M
Bug Tracking Tools
HP Quality Center, Bug Zilla, JIRA.
Languages
Python, Unix Shell Scripting,
Database Tools
DBeaver, SQL Developer, TOAD.
Platforms
Windows 7/Vista/XP, UNIX, Linux

Experience
FORD, MI.
FEB 2021 - PRESENT
DATA Analyst
Responsibilities :
Responsible for working as a leader in Data Management to improve scalable Microsoft-based ETL using SSIS and reporting solutions using Power BI to meet the business needs of the organization for its data warehouse.
Work with the Enterprise Reporting team and the business, performing analysis of sales data and building a data model.
Involved in preparing ad-hoc analysis, run reports related to specific sales, promotions, and events and performing financial analysis that will enhance business decision-making.
Responsible for the development of SSRS or Power BI reports in accordance with business requirements. Use multiple data sources like Salesforce, SAP, SQL Server, Oracle.
Experience working with Salesforce data.
Review report document specifications, clarify requirement ambiguity, develop report output, and unit test the reports to confirm data accuracy.
Work with Business Intelligence Analysts, internal customers, and external consulting teams to understand reporting requirements and mapped business requirement documents.
Build the Source to target mapping document based on Subject areas for ETL Data Integration initiative.
Scripting T-SQL and PL/SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers and user-defined functions.
Data Extraction, Transforming, and Loading (ETL) using SSIS, BCP, Bulk Insert, DTS, and XML between Sales Force and Access to MS SQL server database.
Create SQL Stored Procedures to implement SCD Type2 functionality which captures history per each batch run on ETL Control.
Monitor and fix data quality issues of various Front-End and Data Warehouse applications.
Design Cube partitioning and incremental synchronization for SSAS cubes. Create shared dimension tables, measures, hierarchies, levels, cubes and aggregations on MS OLAP/ Analysis Server (SSAS).
Create reports in Power BI preview portal utilizing the SSAS Tabular via the Analysis connector.
Develop and test various Power BI visualizations for the dashboard and ad-hoc reporting solutions by connecting from different data sources and databases.
Develop custom-calculated measures using DAX in Power BI to satisfy business needs.
Responsible to handle the entire deployment life cycle of the dashboard from DEV to PROD, creating the Power BI Service level datasets, scheduling the refreshes nightly and implemented row level security on each report.
Develop Analytical Dashboards, PBI Dashboards and Paginated Reports using Power BI.
Responsible to refactor and optimize the code based on the analysis for the T-SQL objects, SSIS packages and Power BI reports.
Developed a Power Apps app which was used to insert, update and delete data in a Sql Server db.
Embedded Power Apps in a Power BI report to Perform Data Manipulation.
Ensure accuracy and integrity of data and applications through analysis, coding, profiling and problem resolution.
Wrote and executed queries from python using python connectors.
Provide recommendations to the internal customers with reporting choices based on future-state reporting needs.
Develop custom and parameterized SSRS reports and SSIS packages as assigned, and unit test all reports to confirm data accuracy. Create various visualizations like waterfall, funnel, matrix visualization, scatter plots, combo charts, gauges, cards and KPI.
Publish the Power BI Desktop models to Power BI Service to create highly informative dashboards, collaborate using workspaces, apps, and to get quick insights about datasets.
Used Power Query to acquire data and Power BI desktop for designing rich visuals.
Controlled, coordinated installations (Security Patches, Service packs) and evaluated the performance before deployment.
Support QA and UAT testing as requested. Support and trained business users on reports and overall, HUB data content.
Ensure reporting solution development is documented in accordance with Data and Reporting Team standards.
Environment: SSIS, SSRS, SSMS 2017, Visual Studio 2017, python3, GIT Bash, Share Point, Databricks, Data Lake Analytics, Cosmos DB, Azure Data factory, Synapse Analytics, Azure API management., PowerApps, Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, Power BI Reporting Server, Mongo DB, Snowflake

HEALTH CARE SERVICE CORPORATION, RICHARDSON, TX
DEC 2018 - JAN-2021
Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
Created visualizations to make data easily accessible across the organization.
Prepared ad-hoc analysis run reports related to specific sales, promotions and events, and perform analysis that will enhance business decision-making.
Scheduled and monitored ETL processes using DTS Exec utilities and batch files. Designed and implemented ETL job restart ability using checkpoints and optimal package design techniques in SSIS.
Identify data quality issues and support Data governance by participating in necessary activities.
Using PySpark analyzing large datasets to extract insights and Optimizing data processing pipelines for performance.
Developed Spark applications using Pyspark and Spark-SQL for data extraction, transformation and
aggregation from multiple file formats
Wrote complex T-SQL Queries, Stored Procedure, Triggers, Views & Indexes using DML, DDL commands and user defined functions to implement the business logic.
Implemented Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities.
Primarily involved in Data Migration using SQL, SQL Azure, Azure storage, and Azure Data Factory, SSIS, PowerShell.
Created SSIS Packages using Pivot Transformation, Fuzzy Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Term extraction, Aggregate, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, and Execute Package Task etc. to generate underlying data for the reports and to export cleaned data from Excel Spreadsheets, Text file, MS Access and CSV files to data warehouse.
Imported data from SQL Server DB, Azure SQL DB to generate Power BI reports.
Created Azure Blob Storage for Import/Export data to/from .CSV File.
Installed and configured Enterprise gateway and Personal gateway in Power BI Services.
Worked on Power Shell scripts to automate the Azure cloud system creation of Resource groups, Web Applications, Azure Storage Blobs & Tables, firewall rules.
Involved in designing and developing Data Warehouses, Data marts and Business Intelligence using multi-dimensional models such as Star Schemas and Snowflake Schema for developing CUBES using MDX.
Worked individually from scratch and developed the entire mechanism for Writeback using Power BI and Power Apps.
Scheduled the packages to keep extracting the data from OLTP at specific time intervals.
Worked on formatting SSRS Reports using Global variables and expressions.
Created various Power BI Reports that includes Charts, Filters, Scorecards, Drilldown and Drill-Through, Cascade, Parameterized reports that involved conditional formatting.
Implemented row level security on each report.
Developed custom calculated measures using Data Analysis Expression Language (DAX)
Mentored business power users to create reports/dashboards using Power BI.
Environment: SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, SSMS 2016, Visual Studio 2015, GIT HUB, Share Point, Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS), Power BI, Azure, Jira.
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, HYDERABAD, INDIA
DEC 2010 – NOV 2016
Client: Novartis
Role: DATA ANALYST Duration: Mar 2013 – Nov 2016 Responsibilities:

Extensively interacted with developers, business& management teams to understand the requirements.
Preparation of test plan and RTM (Requirements Traceability Matrix).
Prepared, executed the Test cases and tracked the defects in TFS
Verified the data from different sources related to each franchise and subject areas.
Validated the data into CDW, to EDM and to reports.
Deployed and executed the Workflows in Informatica & Tables in Control-M
Preparation of Daily Status Report / Weekly Status Reports and publishing it to the Management team
Completed the day-to-day tasks and share the status with onsite counterparts.
Client: UHG
Role: DATA ANALYST Duration: Dec 2010 – Feb 2013
Responsibilities:

Extensively interacted with developers, business & management teams to understand the business requirements and ETL design document specifications.
Preparation of Test plan and RTM (Requirements Traceability Matrix).
Developed ETL test scripts based on technical specifications/Data design documents and Source to Target mappings to ensure complete coverage. Test Cases were incorporated both positive and negative test conditions.
Extensively used and developed SQL scripts/queries in backend testing of Databases.
Involved in preparation and Execution of test cases and raised the defects in Quality Center.
Involved in Functional and Regression testing.
Involved in Troubleshooting, resolving and escalating data related issues and validating data to improve data quality.
Preparation of Test Summary Report.

Education Qualifications:
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India.

5
Contact this candidate