HAILING LI
ad8pec@r.postjobfree.com • My LinkedIn

SUMMARY
I have experience working in numerous industries: finance, web applications development, SaaS, business to business marketing. Since obtaining my MBA in 2017, I’ve been working as a client data analyst for a private asset management firm mining insights and creating decks for c-level company health checks. Previously, as a project manager I led cross functional teams to finish work within budget and timeframe (Agile methodology). I’m detail oriented, analytical, and a strategic thinker. Analytics tools I use on a daily basis include SQL, PowerBI dashboards, advanced Excel functions, Qlikview. Throughout my career I’ve always been able to bridge the gap between technical aspects of projects and client / managerial side to maximize communication and facilitate successful completion of projects.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

LORD ABBETT & CO. LLC (New York, NY)
Position: Client Data Analyst (August 2017 – Current)
● Supports Morningstar rated #1 active asset management's sales team (business segment focus: US institutional) with insights, dashboards, reports of trends, ad-hoc analysis - Internal stakeholders for projects include CEO, executives, sales directors, sales support teams, and other internal departments as needed
● Gather requirements for projects, source and test data to ensure quality, validate data with SME or stakeholders
● Query and summarize flows, AUM, activities, KPIs, etc.
● PowerBI dashboards and KPI Powerpoint decks for executive level review of business health
● Create training materials and documentation for data tools / processes for users and team members
● Daily usage of SQL, PowerBI, advanced Excel functions, CRM, MS Planner, Qlikview, etc.

STYLESIGHT INC. (WGSN Limited) (New York, NY)
Position: Project Manager (March 2012 – January 2014)
● Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Agile methodology
● Collaboration with data analyst, insights and strategy personnel on projects that had company-wide impact
● Researched company pain points and initiated R&D projects, Coordinated product development projects from start to completion
● Agile Scrum methodology, Team's first PM, Setup software project workflow and created new work process
● Gather project requirements, created project proposals / briefs, maintained project roadmap, SaaS
● Project liaison between R&D and internal stakeholders, managed team of UI/UX, developers, QA

EDUCATION

FORDHAM UNIVERSITY - MBA
● MBA with Business Analytics focus (Dean’s Scholarship recipient, president of Ascend Fordham chapter)

GEORGIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - BS
● Bachelor of Science in Management, Certificates in Marketing and IT
Contact this candidate