ALEX KOVALSKY
469-***-****
ad8spv@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
More than 20 years of full life-cycle software development experience with stable work history
Rich knowledge and more than 20 years IT experience
Proven ability to manage complex assignments as lead of a team
Extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals within time constrains
Time management and coordination of FLCS ( full life-cycle software dev )
PROGRAMMING EXPERIENCE
MSSQL, AZURE
SSRS, Crystal Report XI, SSIS, SSAS
VB.net, C#, ASP.net
Python, PowerAutomate (API)
Visual Basic 6 VB6, VBA Access and Excel
API, Com/Com+/DCom
Visual Studio VS, Github
Client/Server architecture
Cobol, C, Fortran, Python
Html, Xml, Asp, Java Script
Database: QDX, SQL, Oracle, Sybase, Access, Excel
Share Point
Performance Point
WORK HISTORY

09/2018 – Current Senior Software & Data Analyst: Texas Health Foundation (Insurance)

Developing PowerAutomate code to update and transfer data from different systems using API
Moving data from different customer environments to Azure MSSQL server and building data warehouse
Developing code (store procedures, functions, tuning and optimizing existing SQL code)
Developing and supporting existing SSIS to initiate the data movement
Building SSRS reports to support all internal departments and external requests

08/2016 – 09/2018 SQL Developer dedicated to Finance: AlixaRX, Inc (Pharmacy & Med Insurance).

Developing code (store procedures, functions, triggers, tuning and optimizing existing SQL code)
Creating various reports in many different formats (SSRS, Excel, flat files)
In charge of writing interfaces utilities to report to different authorities
Using SSIS to create packages to load and transform data from many different sources.

06/2013 – 08/2016 Current SQL Data Analyst: Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (Insurance)
Hallmarkgrp (hallmarkgrp.com NASDAQ: HALL) specialty personal line insurance
Developing T-Sql code (store procedures, functions, triggers, tuning and optimizing existing code on server 2008, R2, 2010, 2014)
Creating various reports in many different formats (SSRS, Excel, flat files for ftp, access files, others)
Using SSIS to create packages to load and transform data from many different sources.
Creating and automating jobs for internal and external use, managing SSRS reports subscriptions to email it to hundreds of end users
Mentoring and educating other groups for database structure, search and optimizations.

06/2009 – 06/2013 Senior Software Developer Visual Matrix ( Imagetech Hospitality).
Visual Matrix- hospitality software worldwide (endorsed vendor of Best Western Hotels)
Developing software for hotel industry, server client and web versions.
Writing the code for all 3 tiers GUI, Object and Persist usingVB.net, ASP.net, C#, VS 2001-2008, SQL 2000-2008 (T-SQL, store procedures, functions and triggers.)
Creating local interfaces as well as web (expedia.com, bookedin.com, ratetiger.com, etc.)
Creating Crystal Reports as part of VM application and SSRS standalone reports.

04/2009 – 11/2009 as needed Contractor: River Logic.
10/2007 – 03/2009 Software Consultants (Professional Services, Business optimization), River Logic, Inc.
River logic-the leading provider of software for business optimizations, worldwide
Developing custom build dashboards, using EO (Enterprise Optimizer) GUI VBA, Access, Excel, VB.net, and C#, ASP.net, VS 2008, SQL 2008, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, Oracle, SharePoint and PPS.
Creating interfaces and ETL (using EO and SSIS)
Writing code (T-SQL, PL-SQL, store procedures, triggers).
Supporting the technical issues on customer sites.
Building business and data models using EO.

06/2001 - 10/2007 Senior Software Developer Retalix, LTD, USA (PointOfSale)
Retalix (NASDAQ: RTLX) The leading provider of food retail and distribution software worldwide.
Taking part of R&D team of SL application
Developing retail applications and DB using n-tier technology (com/dcom) following object-oriented principles using VB, C, C#, SQL, JAVA SCRIPT, ODBC, CRYSTAL REPORT
Active participating in design and architecture of the complex systems with database, VB/C application, some web components for creating graphical presentation report system using CRYSTAL REPORT ( SQL, XML)
Active participating in code review as a team lead.
Coordinate the quotes from development and QA in order to meet the exact release time frame.
Managing 4 releases in one calendar year (official name and number for a release, cuts in SS with version number, creation of HD with the environment and a new installations).
Managing successful build and troubleshooting for the new installs/updates in customer environment.
Creating the install release documentations for each version, crystal reports with build info.

01/2000 - 06/2001 Software Developer Retalix, LTD, Israel www.Retalix.com
Retalix (NASDAQ: RTLX) The leading provider of food retail and distribution software worldwide.
Taking part of R&D team of SL application
Developing retail applications and DB using n-tier technology (com/dcom) following object-oriented principles using VB,C,SQL,JAVA SCRIPT, ODBC,CRYSTAL REPORT
Active participating in design and architecture of the complex systems with database, VB/C application, some web components for creating graphical presentation report system using CRYSTAL REPORT ( SQL, XML)

01/1999 - 01/2000 Software Developer Institute of Geocartography, Israel

Completed and analyzed new application system design and development within system specifications
Ensured satisfactory functioning through testing, results analyzing, and correction of deficiencies
Implemented and designed software for visual statistic info (VB5, ACCESS, Fortran, Cobol)
Confirmed validity of the work done by other development team members

EDUCATION

1997 - 1999 College, Israel, BS in Software Engineering
1988 - 1990 Baku State Medical University, Baku, Azerbaijan

LANGUAGES
English, Hebrew, Russian
Available immediately, no sponsorship required
Contact this candidate