ad8sd9@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn.com/in/ShaneSchimpf 206-***-****

J. Shane Schimpf
Senior Data Analyst

Analytical, detail oriented, customer focused, team player with considerable remote work experience. Data driven with a passion for creating reports and dashboards that are visually appealing, get used and produce actionable results. Flexible, able to adapt to new technologies and flourish. A great teammate and contributor to the bottom line.

Advanced Data Analyst Sr. Applications Developer
Expert in Complex Data Analysis and Forensics using SQL queries and ad hoc reporting tools
Expert in Automating Reports and Metric Creation
20+ Years Writing SQL Scripts and Queries
Extensive Experience Documenting and Gathering Business Requirements
Expert in Writing Business Critical Reports, Dashboards and Scorecards
Very familiar with true Big Data - massive datasets numbering in the billions
20+ Years Designing Database Warehouses – Views, Tables, Stored Procedures, Schemas (Star, Snowflake)

Technical Expertise

Power BI Desktop & Report Server
Tableau Desktop
BusinessObjects Admin, Universe Designer, Report Creator
SQL Scripting
Gathering End-User Requirements
Database DDL
Excel
VBA
Power Query M
DAX
Cognos Report Studio

Work Experience

State of Idaho Controller’s Office, Boise, ID

Contractor Sep 2023 – Jan 2024
Tasked with helping to reduce the massive backlog of incidents related to the transition to Infor’s CloudSuite to implement the state’s LUMA project. Used Cognos Report Suite and MS SQL Server to fix reports, investigate inconsistencies in data and create new reports. Extensive use of free hand SQL and backward engineering of reports to reconcile misaligned data.

Intel, Chandler, AR

Contingent Worker Apr 2023 – Sep 2023
Partnered with US Sales Directors to create a Merchandise Dashboard that combines data from four distinct reports into a single report so merchandise spending can be tracked against the plan of record. Automated the extraction of data from reporting systems to update key reports without manual intervention. Updated the look and feel of old and underused Power BI reports.

AT&T, Bothell, WA

Sr. Data Analyst Sr. Applications Developer Jul 2016 – Mar 2023
Principal Power BI report writer for all ad hoc analysis of questions ranging from top 10 call reasons, to note mining for various products, to researching data anomalies. Responsible for creating Power BI executive dashboards and scorecards. Gather requirements, build data tables, import, and write scripts.
Created and maintained over 100 Power BI visualizations and dashboards for analysts and Upper Management
Administered Power BI report repository in Azure
Created Automated and Parameterized Excel reports
Created dozens of reports and visualizations in Tableau for analysts and Upper Management
Administered access to Power BI and proprietary websites for thousands of employees
Authored thousands of SQL scripts and stored procedures used in reports, dashboards and presentations

Sr. Business Objects Administrator and Developer Oct 2007 - Jun 2016
Administered Business Objects Enterprise for over 500 users. Applied fix packs, service packs, configured all aspects of the application and daily administration.
Created and maintained dozens of reporting universes with thousands of reports and schedules.
Primary resource for complex report reconciliation and data anomaly investigation for the Consumer team.
Built a Data Warehouse for Consumer Digital Summary Metrics. Responsible for gathering requirements, creating schema design, writing table and view DDL, ETL and end-user training.

EDUCATION

Master of Arts, M.A., Philosophy, University of Michigan, Rackham Graduate School, Ann Arbor, MI
Bachelor of Arts, B.A., Philosophy and History, Oberlin College, Oberlin, OH

PUBLICATIONS

“A Reader’s Guide to Blood Meridian,” Bon Mot Publishing, Seattle, WA 2006

“A Short History of Scalping” in They Rode On: Blood Meridian and the Tragedy of the American West
Cormac McCarthy Society, Miami, FL 2014
Contact this candidate