Natalya Pertsov
925-***-**** (cell)
Bay Area, CA
ad8txb@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/natalya-pertsov-325968116/

Qualifications Summary
A Procurement Specialist and Business Data Analyst with expertise in strategic sourcing, supply chain, Inventory control, relationship management and operations would like to contribute to your revenue growth in highly competitive business markets and help you find saving opportunities, minimize risk, improve the supplier performance.
Professional Experience
Cummins Inc. CA, March’2020 – now
Purchasing Coordinator
Managing the supply chain for assigned projects of a new power and hydrogenic vehicle engines development. Supply parts for Fuel Cell Trucks prototypes building. Being a main contact for engineering design team and manufactory.
Proactively identifying and solving complex supply chain issues through coordinating activities between Suppliers, Procurement, Planning and Engineering Departments.
Working with design engineers’ team on project BOMs, released ECOs and drawings to plan the order list. Reading engineering drawing specifications and requirements to source parts.
Planning materials budget for the new coming projects.
Monthly preparing and analyzing Project’s spend reports.
Providing supply process for accurate inventory: monitoring lead time, tracking the delivery, checking material quality. Managing Inventory count process twice a year.
Analyzing suppliers’ cost policy, negotiating price for production.
Searching new supply sources based upon ISO9001 withing USA and international, requesting quotes, negotiating terms and agreements.
Managing the Approved Vendor List, supplier selection and qualification, Submitting new suppliers accounts to the system.
Brining fair competitions within the supplier base, especially among the Suppliers of fabricated parts and HV cables/ hoses. Saving company’s budget money on price negotiation, free samples requesting, shortening lead time for production, expediting delivery.
Creating and maintaining procurement activities: RFQs/Bidding/Sourcing, Purchase Requisition (PR), Purchase Order (PO), Receiving, Open PO Maintenance, PO Adjustments, Close of PO, Inventory control.
Working in Applications: SAP Ariba, Oracle Sourcing Cloud, Maximo, IFS, Arena (engineering BOMS, drawings), SAP Concur, SAP Supplier 360.
Key Achievements for 2024: Solicited product and service proposals and led deal negotiations on behalf of customers, securing agreements on my last 2024 project that resulted in more than $1,200, K in cost savings. Managed a total of 150 Engineering Change Orders (ECOs) and placed 890 orders. Onboarded 43 new suppliers, expanding the supplier network and enhancing sourcing capabilities. Successfully handled a total spend of $10,487,680 for the year, ensuring efficient use of resources and cost management across all projects.

Bellissimo Holding (acquired by Sysco Food company), Walnut Creek, CA February ’2018 – March ’2020
Procurement Specialist
Managed multiple Customers' accounts and vendors’ relationship, Domestic and International.
Negotiated pricing, purchasing terms, early payment discounts and payment methods with Suppliers.
Managed full cycle procurement process.
Resolved any supply issues.
Controlled of Inventory.
Prepared daily, monthly Sales Performance reports.
Planned yearly purchasing budget for every supplier.
Accomplishments: Achieved $1.2M annual cost savings by driving a rigorous spend analysis and supplier negotiation initiative in 2018.

United Business Bank, Walnut Creek, CA, Aug ‘2017 - February ‘2018
Accountant (6-month contract)
Prepared a variety of monthly and daily reconciliations: Cash accounts, A/R, A/P, employee benefits, payroll, certificates of deposits, loan payments, cashier's checks, daily correspondent bank’s statements.
Issued daily financial reports and analysis.
Run Fixed Assets and Prepaid Expenses reports.
Supported month / quarter / year-end closing.

GLS – Global Logistics Service, San Ramon, CA, Oct ‘2015 – Aug ‘2017
GL Accountant
Analyzed and run fixed assets, prepaid expenses, payroll reports, capitalize software, prepaid insurance, and vehicle leases.
Assisted with the month-end close process, yearly audits and budgeting.
Prepared of various journal entries, monthly accruals, bank reconciliation and related reports.
Managed and analyzed customer accounts / applied payment deposits /issued daily cash application reports /shorted and overpayment reports. Resolved issues.
Accomplishments: Improved deposits procedure by implementing the Register Form which saved 20% of working time.

HMC - Health Medicine Clinic, Walnut Creek, CA
Purchasing Associate, AR, AP (Contract) April 2015 – October 2015
Created and submitted materials and product orders with vendors, negotiating lower prices and favorable terms.
Tracked and received orders, managing bill of lading (BOL) documentation to ensure accurate inventory control.
Analyzed and maintained inventory, ensuring compliance with stock levels and demand requirements.
Supported the Accounting Department by processing purchases documentation, invoices, and BOLs.
Managed accounts receivable and payable functions, including applying payment deposits, issuing daily cash reports, resolving discrepancies, and processing bills/invoices.

Herbalife International, Start up in Almaty, Kazakhstan, 2010-2014
Business Development Manager
Lunched Herbalife brand and opened sales centers in six regions.
Organized and managed whole operational process.
Worked with Corporate Suppliers Manufactories to ensure efficient supply flow.
Recruited staff and provided employees performance evaluation.
Developed long-term company strategy, sales forecasting and marketing analysis.
Improved customer service through implementation of new technologies in Sales Centers.
Improved the Herbalife reputation among businesses, government, and society (DSA, TAX Association, AmCham, Kazakhstan Academy of Nutrition)
Accomplishments: The Company evolved from a small business into a sizable business in 3 years of starting operation. In 2014, sales grew 110% and the number of distributors grew 90% compared to the previous year.

Mary Kay Cosmetics, Inc, Start up in Almaty, Kazakhstan, 2000-2010
Marketing Coordinator, Marketing Analyst
Marketing: Suggested cost optimization opportunities. Provided daily sales reports with analysis.
Prepared sales forecasts and analysis.
Inventory control: planed inventories, managed cycle counts and researched inventory discrepancies, prepared inventory reports, and assisted in the improvement in internal controls related to inventory.
Planned and placed core product orders from corporate manufactory as well as researched supplier’s base and placed accessory/merch product orders.

Skills
Commodity, Procurement, Purchasing, Supply Chain, Logistics, Cost Saving, Negotiation, Customer support, Inventory, Accounting, A/R, A/P, Billing, Marketing.
Computer: FRMs: SAP Ariba, Oracle Sourcing Cloud, Maximo, IFS, Arena (engineering BOMS, drawings), SAP Concur, SAP Supplier 360, QuickBooks, MS Dynamics, Great Plains, Arena (Engineering BOMs and drawings), Microsoft Office, Google.
Aible to work remotely, independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Detail-oriented with a strong focus on accuracy and precision.
Languages: English, Russian.

Education:
Mt Diablo Education Center, Concord, CA. Certificate in Accounting, 6-month program,2015.
International Academy of Business, Almaty, Kazakhstan, Master of Arts degree, Marketing and Administration, 2006-2008
Kazakh State University of World Languages, Almaty, Kazakhstan, Bachelor of Arts degree, English Language, 2000- 2004
Supply chain Academy, 80 hours online classes and trainings, at Cummins, 2020 - 2024.
Compliance with export controls or sanctions regulations training at Cummins, 2023-2024.
Leadership and management training with Herbalife, London, UK, 2013

References:
Crystal Heilmann Purchasing Manager, Cummins CA, 408-***-****, ad8txb@r.postjobfree.com, ad8txb@r.postjobfree.com
Dat T Phan Sr. Technical Purchasing Specialist, Cummins CA, 408-***-****, ad8txb@r.postjobfree.com ad8txb@r.postjobfree.com
Lora Cavalli, Bellissimo Foods, Accountant, 415-***-****, ad8txb@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate