MANPREET KAUR ad8url@r.postjobfree.com 858-***-****

Work Experience:
KJS Tech Solutions as an IT Recruiter
Time Period April 2020 to September 2021
Worked with various clients in helping them on IT Recruitments across different domains.
Understand the Position, develop and update Job Descriptions.
Portal used is Naukri.com, Facebook and Linked into find and shortlist the resumes.
Prepare and post jobs.
Screen candidate’s resumes.
Efficiently and effectively fill open positions.
Asses’ applicants’ relevant knowledge, skill, soft skills experience, and aptitude.
Applications worked on:
Java web Developers, Python Developer, Business Analyst, Data Analyst.

Did volunteer work as an HR Admin in EXIT Premier
Real Estate. (San Diego, California)
Time Period: December 2015 to December 2016
Handled documentation, Regular office duties, Data handling and organizing.

Worked as HR IT Recruiter in I-source Consultants, A
Recruitment Agency. (Noida)
Time Period: January 2015 to October 2015

Worked with various clients in helping them on IT Recruitments across different domains.
Understand the Position, develop and update Job Descriptions.
Portal used is Naukri.com to find and shortlist the resumes.
Prepare and post jobs.
Screen candidate’s resumes.
Efficiently and effectively fill open positions.
Asses’ applicants’ relevant knowledge, skill, soft skills experience, and aptitude.
Provide well-documented reports to the rest of the team.
Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process.
Have been working on applications:
People Soft, MS CRM, MS Dynamic, SFDC, SAP.

Worked in Human Resource as Recruiter and Administration in Quark city India Pvt. Ltd., A44A Industrial Area, and Ph- 8 Mohali. (Human Resource).

Time Period: 10 November 2010 to 31 March 2013.

Conducting interviews for candidates, consequent selection of them and conducting training modules for the selected candidates to give them insights into the requirements of the industry. Conceptualizing & Issuing Job Description and joining formalities.
Did recruitment on IT profiles and non-IT profiles.
Employee Engagement viz managing events, HR practices etc.
Performance management.
Attendance Management.
Grievances and office daily activities.

Achievements
Campus Placement in HINDUSTAN COMPUTER LIMITED, Career Development Centre, Mohali, as Human Resource Executive in year 2010.
Appreciation Letter from my college Gurukul Vidyapeeth, Banur, Punjab regarding my organizational skill for the events in year 2010.

Education
Academic Qualifications:
Post-Graduation, MBA from Gurukul Vidyapeeth In year 2010.
Bachelor’s in arts from MCM DAV in Year 2008.
Intermediate From LAWERENCE PUBLIC SCHOOL, (C.B.S.E) in the Year 2005.
Computer Proficiency
MS-Office (Word, Excel, Power Point)
Windows 8, XP Professionals, Languages - C, C++
Contact this candidate