Garry Dawkins
***** **** **
Woodbridge VA *****

●I am experienced with all major phases of information technology and database management.
●My expertise with large, complex federal projects, in the roles as Senior Database Administrator/Enterprise Manager/ Data Analyst, SOA Architect, System Integrator and Data Modeler (logical and physical design).

Education:
●Strayer University Bachelor of Arts Information Systems 1996
●Prince George’s Community College Associates in Arts Marketing 1986

Work Experience:

Senior Database Administrator/Data Analyst
MacaLogic LLC
October - 2023 — Present:

Responsibilities:
●I administer and support multiple Database repositories US Air Force Program & Budget Enterprise System (PBES)
●I support databases in Development, Staging, Testing and Production
●I’m responsible for BI Business Intelligence Imports and exports of structured and unstructured data
●I maintain Development data models and schemas
●I support database interface storage and user access via AWS S3, Elastic interface repository and Whitlist controls.
●I support data warehouse application interfaces
●I support application upgrades to primary Production.
●I also support Backup and recovery of all environments
●I also support the dev, test and pre-prod environments via SQL developer, Hyperion and BI report.

Portfolio Consultant,
Selenium Consulting LLC
May - 2023 – July 2023

Responsibilities:
●I assist and support Portfolio Managers during the order generation and compliance approval process.
●I process and receive customer payments and orders via electronic transaction Services.
●I enter customer information and payments into a special control system and assist with all trade processing operations and the trading desk.

Lead Data Analyst / DBA
Potawatomi Training, LLC
November 2021 to September 2022

Responsibilities:
●Responsible for a clinical data analysis plan
●Provides quality assurance for all metrics and statistical reporting via Tableau reporting tools.
●I act as the Work Asset Management Manager assigning Covid information to various teams and administering the Work Asset Management data within the COVID-19 initiatives for Indian Health Services (IHS) Under Health and Human Services (HHS).
●Process clinical data, including receipt, entry verification or filing information.
●Responsible for overseeing data systems to ensure it maintains up-to-date, organized information within specific guidelines and procedures.
●Duties include leading a team of data professionals to complete tasks, installing, and updating cybersecurity hardware or software and responding to security breaches to retrieve lost data.
●As manager: Manage Team: Data masking, Data provisioning, sub setting, profiling, Data mining, TDM, data management Review the designated data reporting requirements and evaluate the integrity of the data being submitted by the sites participating in the IHS COVID reporting efforts.
●Data evaluation will focus on ensuring the data submitted meets the applicable reporting requirements, contains accurate and meaningful data elements, and complies with applicable reporting format specifications.
●Where data is inconsistent, inaccurate, or does not meet requirements, corrective actions shall be identified and coordinated with the appropriate Federal agencies.
●Data validation shall be performed among a variety of systems and data sets, with special emphasis on the HL7 v2.5 messaging standard for data exchange in all healthcare environments. Initial focus is on laboratory and immunization administration data reporting but could include additional COVID-related electronic data reporting.
Hipaa Compliance administrator Systems of record on which data resides include but are not limited to RPMS and COTS EMRs. Data is transferred via HL7 v2.5 specific messaging standards to an IHS Central Aggregation Server (CAS), where some automated data validation and normalization is performed to prepare and send messages to locations, such as APHL AIMS, CDC, and IHS National Data Warehouse.

DBA and Cloud Data Analyst / Specialist
Disys, Inc.
Client Highmark Health Pittsburgh PA.
March 2020 to August 2021

Responsibilities:
●I set up user access to a new cloud data repository and migrate data from Teradata to new cloud-based data source Yellowbrick Data Warehouse using R Studios, and YBtool utilities.

DBA and Cloud Data Analyst
Cybermedia Technologies, Inc.
January 2019 to May 2020

Responsibilities:
●I provide advanced setup of migration tools and data for the client Customs and Border Patrol CBP Work Asset Management database to Newly developed CRM management system.
●Included but not limited to migration from Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i CRM 12c to SalesForce CRM.
●Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i data to Amazon Web Services as DBA and Cloud administrator via DynamoDB and Amazon S3 and S3 Glacier cloud repository.
●Liaison to CBP application consultant to maintain integrity of existing database objects during reengineering of CBP internal database architecture.

Sr. DBA\Network Consultant
Accel Solutions LLC
May 2016 to July 2018

Responsibilities:
●I aid and advise scientific users on the technical aspects related to software, hardware, and peripheral equipment essential to support research in the USDA ARS Nutrient Data Laboratories (NDL).
●I provide Network administrative assistance with the set--up and maintenance of new user accounts to the USDA ARS Domain and demonstrate familiarity with network software.
●I am the lead on the existing legacy USDA ARS database responsible for all aspects utilizing ETL tools, including Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i Data Integrator into Oracles Work Asset Management system via Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i Goldengate, Informatica, PowerBI, Data stage and RDBM systems like Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i, DB2, Teradata, Sybase, and SQL Server. NDL Oracle a 12c application.
●I modify existing Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i PeopleSoft CRM 9 and 9.1 forms, Oracle reports,Cisco, WebLogic middleware interfaces to application, Java access and upgrades along with maintaining Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i patching, Symantec, Microsoft, Dell server and power management.
●I also maintain the National USDA ARS Nutrient Databank System (NDBS): Fisma and Fedramp Administrator.
●This includes servers, hardware, software, IP addresses and network access, while transitioning to the new database application. Performs DBA tasks as needed and ETL Integration of data from Oracle 12c to Azure Data Platform as needed.
●Maintain 508 compliance standard to support the NDBS systems for anomalies that may occur from all software modifications or other sources.
●I maintain the current legacy AIM--NDBS during the transition to the ARS FooDs master database system.
●I Support the New Productions ARS FooDs application as primary production Administrator and Lead Development Liaison. Configuration and Administration of DevOps tool Jenkins and Artifacts for Development, Testing and Production environments.
●I also act as liaison to groups that share and import data such as Food and Nutrient Services, National Agriculture Library and Nutrition.gov at both USDA Beltsville MD and Ft. Collins Site.

DBA
CTI Global Solutions
May 2015 to August 2015

Responsibilities:
●I support the National Endowments for the Arts as a senior database analyst and application database administrator DBA.
●I supported the conversion of legacy Oracle HCM Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i grant data and information via Grants.Gov system to via Fisma Compliance guidelines
●NEA database repository residing primarily in Azure Data Platform databases.
●I work as liaison to the primary NEH (National Endowment for the Humanities) development team to adhere to the development standards for NEA integration.
●I also act as technical liaison to National Endowments for the Humanities to the new Grants Management Shared System eGMS. As liaison to the NEH system, my role also requires my expertise as the NEA eGMS application administrator.

Sr. DevOps Engineer
US Coast Guard - Washington, DC
January 2015 to March 2015

Responsibilities:
●I supported the US Coast Guard. I upgraded and data Integration of Oracle Forms and Reports 10g/11g/12i 11i HCM Suite to Oracle 12.1 E-Business Suite in their Dev, Test, and staging environment.
●Oracle E-Business/Oracle HCM is part of an exciting effort to modernize and provide integration for Accounting and Financial for the US Coast Guard, TSA and DNDO at HQ DHS Division. Task
●Include but not limited to, database maintenance, database SQL script development, requirements gathering, documentation, implementation and ETL Integration. Form development and modification, report modifications and database administration as needed.

Oracle DBA
Purisolve, Inc
September 2013 to July 2014

Responsibilities:
●I support the Internal Revenue Service TASIS and TAMIS, Maintain Federal Compliance regulations. Oracle database and application as a senior Oracle DBA\Developer.
●I upgraded, patched on the Development, Test and pre-deployment servers and systems support via OEM and command line utilities.
●Support the testing process by providing insight to the independent testing staff when complex issues arise. Provide software maintenance to Oracle forms and reports of existing services to the present database running on Oracle 11g r2 in preparation for Integration to Oracle 12c. We are part of an exciting effort to modernize and provide integration for the Taxpayer Advocate's office, which integrates multiple IRS databases, and applications for compliance.

Sr DBA
CDI Corporation - Washington, DC
August 2012 to January 2013

Responsibilities:
●I migrated and upgraded from Oracle 10g to Oracle 11g r2. Test environment Oracle 12c.
●We are part of an exciting effort to modernize and provide integration for ship maintenance efforts across the Navy within the Maintenance Figure of Merit (MFOM) application.
●Tasks include, but are not limited to, database maintenance, database PL SQL development, ASP.NET web development, ASP.NET services development, requirements gathering, documentation, implementation and ETL Integration.
●Strong background in databases administration/ development with good knowledge of application development, specifically in ASP.NET and C#.

IRS Informatica Lead
Internal Revenue Service
August 2011 to August 2012
August-2011 - August 2012

Responsibilities:
●Work as a Multi Mass processing Database analyst/engineer/administrator. Maintain Federal Compliance regulations. Gathering for review deliverables produced by other Test Analysts and IRS groups that feed document, artifacts, and other pertinent database infrastructure documentation for integration into new RRP EMC GreenPlum Database.
●Coordinate project testing, often including testing involving multiple test teams Tasks include, but are not limited to, Coordinates the creation of generic data needed for testing for database maintenance, database PL SQL and PostgreSQL database development with access to appropriate personnel to ensure test environment is ready for (Rick IRS Informatica Lead) Informatica MDM Power Exchange development, ETL Integration, EMC GreenPlum NET services and Hortonworks tools for development, requirements gathering, documentation, and implementation.
●Develop test plans, schedules, and test cases with (Grace, Eric, & Wei Wei) for result analysts with other RRP Team groups and members. Manage data source feed, develop reports for the IRS Return Review Program Office.

On Contract
Department of Housing and Urban Development, Silver Spring
July 2011 to July 2011

Responsibilities:
●Analysis of HUD Multifamily Database Applications & Program.
●Modify ASP.NET application forms and coordinate changes with the SQL Server 2008 database.

DBA Consultant
On Contract Department of Army - Washington, DC
October 2009 to May 2011

Responsibilities:
●Maintain daily load of the Physical Disability Agency data load and Integration. Maintain DOD Compliance regulations.Maintain backups and recovery strategies.
●Develop ad-hoc reports. Maintain legacy databases and processes while gathering requirements for Integration, testing and upgrades as needed.
●Set up user access to the data repository and migrate data from clipper data source to Oracle and SQL Server for management reporting.

Recovery Manager
On Contract
Department of Justice - Washington, DC
January 2009 to May 2009

Responsibilities:
●Manage, administer, and upgrade multiple Department of Justice Civil Division Office of Litigation Support Oracle 9i and Oracle 10g databases and servers up to 10 terabytes of data (DOJ, Office of Litigation support OLS).
●Maintain Federal Compliance regulations.
●Manage Oracle Content Database, Oracle Fail Safe RAC, ASM Backup Strategies and TOAD for primary databases. Re-configure backup and recovery strategy via Recovery Manager (RMAN) for upgrade. Backup to SharePoint OLS administration. Utilize, managing and monitoring hot standby databases using (Data Guard) as well as monitoring primary databases.
●Assist with EMC SAN deployment and coordinate implementation with Dell Engineers, Lockheed, and other Server Engineers.
●Support Development Team throughout OLS. Integrate existing Oracle Content of OLS legacy systems into database technology using Oracle, SQL Server, and SharePoint of other database technologies. I upgrade and maintain other database daily responsibilities.
●Perform application testing of new DOJ Integration, applications, and interface.

On Contract
Missile Defense Agency - Arlington, VA
October 2007 to August 2008

Responsibilities:
●Manage, administer, and upgrade Missile Defense Agency (MDA) Oracle database 9i and Oracle 10g database technologies.
●Manage backups and recovery strategies using Recovery Manager (RMAN). Modify Cluster expansion through node additions with existing infrastructure elements for secure BEA Plumtree portal access. Cluster-ware monitoring and diagnosis for Integration of existing legacy systems into database technology using either Oracle Portal application server single sign-on technologies. Testing and Integration of 2 terabytes of data into MDA Portal.
●Implement a hot standby database (Data Guard) for production databases. Testing and implementation of database replication for move to Huntsville, AL.
●Integrate Oracle Content into BEA portal for upgrade and maintenance of other databases using SQL Developer and Toad to interface oracle daily applications as needed.
●Perform application testing of new MDA portal applications and interface.
Contact this candidate