Andres Perilla
Mortgage Loan Officer(licensed FINRA), Realtor, Data Analyst
ad8vgz@r.postjobfree.com 954-***-**** Miami, USA linkedin.com/in/hernan-perilla github.com/Prilll Portfolio Project: http://quantroof.com/ Profile
Data Analyst with 2+ years of hands-on experience in analysis, statistical modelling & machine learning in real-estate domain. Digital Maarketing Expert
Education
2013 Georgia Institute of Technology,
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science
Attended for 3.5 years.
Atlanta,GA, USA
2022 Tech I.S., PGP: Data Science Bootcamp USA
Professional Experience
2016 – present Realtor Analyst, EXP REALTY AND MORTGAGE LOAN OFFICER (LICENSED) Successfully closed 100+ real estate transactions, totalling sales and mortgage exceeding $20 •million since 2017.
Utilized comprehensive market knowledge to identify profitable investment • opportunities and leveraged analyst skills and industry platforms to enhance marketing efforts and streamline routines.
Expert in asset flipping.
•
2014 – 2016 Marketing & Sales Director, Q Wireless (Sales)
•Series 3 Licensed Commodities Broker demonstrating strong sales and customer service skills.
•Monitored market trends and news to develop and execute sales strategies for generating new business and expand client base.
2006 – 2014 Commodities Broker, Barkley Financial
•Contacted a high volume of prospects daily, consistently making over 150+ calls per day, successfully met and exceeded sales targets.
•Utilised CRM software to manage and follow up with leads and clients. Skills
Python, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn Scikit-learn, NLTK, TensorFlow, Keras Statistical Modelling, Predictive Modelling Database: MySQL, SQL server NLP, Computer Vision Classification Analysis, Regression Analysis ad8vgz@r.postjobfree.com 1 / 2
FL Health and Life and Annuity (incl. Var. Contracts) Agent (0215) Projects
2022 Financial Indicators, Time Series Analysis
•Project Objective: The goal was to leverage historical market data and utilise these indicators to forecast market behaviour over a specified time horizon using time series analysis model.
2022 Telecommunication Customer Churn, Classification Analysis
•Project Objective: The classification goal was to develop a classification algorithm to predict customer churn rate in a telecommunications domain. 2022 Boston Housing Prediction, Regression Analysis
•Project Objective: The Regression goal was to develop regression model for predicting housing prices in Boston based on important key features. ad8vgz@r.postjobfree.com 2 / 2
Contact this candidate