Rudolph Marmaro, Jr.
719-***-****
ad8wfi@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
SQL 13 Years
Project Analysis and Implementation 8 Years
DB2 8 Years
COBOL 13+ Years
CICS 13+ Years
TSO/ISPF 8 Years
JCL 8 Years
AS/400 / ILE RPG ILE CL 2 Years
Natural/ADABAS 2 Years

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Widefield School District 3, Colorado Springs, CO October 2021 – Present
Substitute Teacher
Execute the lesson plans for absent teachers

Tek Experts, Colorado Springs, CO Nov 2019 – June 2021
Senior Software Support Engineer
Supports Microsoft O365 for Microsoft Premier Customers
Manages tickets for ongoing support cases
Secures Customer Service Satisfaction Surveys for Team Members
Manages off-duty engineer cases to ensure activity
Increased Site Satisfaction Survey Results (SSRs) by 30-50%
Helped many engineers improve their Customer Satisfaction Survey scores
Presented IVR survey and case recovery procedures to startup managers for new office in Nigeria

New Net Services, Missoula, MT June 2016 – November 2016
Implementation Specialist/Project Manager
Supports 8 projects for 6 clients
Perform ad hoc reporting, editing, and creating stored reports for client services.
Supervised 5 people on client support teams.
Project manager for 8 projects, coordinating implementation of software installation, configuration, and support.

Three-Dimensional Elevator Project, Garner, IA January 2007 – January 2015
Worked on design and patent process for the three-dimensional elevator project.
1
Designed, illustrated and patented process to move a cylindrical elevator cab in all three movement dimensions using no cables and employing existing technology.
Created presentations using PowerPoint to illustrate design and features of elevator cab.

Garner Evangelical Free Churches, Garner, IA April 2013 - January 2014
Web Developer
Designed and implemented Church interactive website.
Supported website and existing data base of content.
Worked as support personnel in using HTML to code changes to existing website.

CellNet Inc., Colorado Springs, CO May 2006 – December 2006
Data Analyst
Supported Oracle 8i database and performed ad hoc updates and provided reports for users.
Worked with CellNet on installing wireless meter reading system for both water and electric meters for Colorado Springs Utilities.
Utilized PL/SQL to extract, transform and load data to the database.
Maintained data integrity by performing regular maintenance tasks on the database.
ETL data warehouse support.
Use of Informix in support of data base management.
Designed and implemented data tables and procedures for a Relational Database in support of the project.
Documented procedures and submitted reports on an ad-hoc basis.
Defined new data processes necessary for implementation of wireless meter reading system.
Dissected data requirements into functional design and technical specifications.
Presented design documents to users and client teams.
Supported legacy COBOL/DB2 JCL systems for conversion.
Major Accomplishments
Streamlined standing SQL queries for efficiency and performance.
Created standalone query programs for client use.

Cook Systems International, Colorado Springs, CO January 2006 – April 2006
Programmer/Analyst
Code changes to internal COBOL programs for FedEx client on IBM Mainframe.
Test coded changes and report results to FedEx using SQL.
Supported data manipulation on a DB2 database utilizing JCL and SQL.
Major Accomplishment
Created reporting programs to deliver requested information to client.

Wells Fargo, Colorado Springs, CO October 2004 – December 2005
Operations Analyst
Provide reports and analysis of data upon request using SQL and PL/SQL.
Marmaro 2 of 6
Support Underwriting group with reporting and analysis.
Worked as technical intermediary between underwriting group and technical support team.
Streamline operations and business functions in a COBOL environment on IBM Mainframe.
Make recommendations for refining operations.
Utilized JCL, CICS, COBOL and SQL to run jobs, query databases (DB2) and to implement code changes and upgrades.
ETL data warehouse support.
Utilized Access databases to provide ad hoc information to customers.
Maintained data security.
Major Accomplishment
Performed analysis and adjustment to maximize efficiency in data warehousing systems.

Wells Fargo, Colorado Springs, CO April 2002 – October 2004
Inbound Loan Specialist
Managed incoming calls and serviced customers with home equity loan applications.
Used phone and interpersonal skills to build customer rapport and achieve sales goals.
Followed up to ensure customer satisfaction and secure further sales.
Major Accomplishment
Received 27 Legendary Service Awards for superior customer service.

Phil Long Ford, Colorado Springs, CO April 2004 – October 2004
Sales Consultant
Managed incoming calls and made sales of new cars to incoming customers.
Used phone and interpersonal skills to build customer rapport and achieve sales goals.
Followed up to ensure customer satisfaction and secure further sales.

MCI WorldCom, Helena, MT November 2001 – March 2002
Data Analyst II
Liaison between development team and client, resolved conflicts/issues to promote success.
Implemented and supported Automated Licensing System for the Montana Dept. of Fish, Wildlife and Parks, statewide project affecting every vendor selling hunting/fishing licenses.
Ensured effective testing, module delivery, and data warehousing, guaranteed data integrity using PL/SQL and Oracle 8i, and SQL on a DB2 database on AS/400 system.
Utilized Access to manage data reports and relationships. Constructed Access modules from scratch to satisfy customer requirements.
Supported OLTP components in an ORACLE environment.
Use of Informix in running queries.
Performed data mapping for transfer of existing data structures to new database to be implemented in launch of ALS (Automated Licensing System) for the Montana State FWP.
Used SQL to do data joins using keys, tables and star schemas.
Marmaro 3 of 6
Major Accomplishment
Successfully implemented testing strategy and procedures during development cycle.

Applications Developer September 1998 – April 2000
Maintained and expanded team website within intranet, provided online documentation using FrontPage.
Trained junior production support team members for OBUS (Online Business Customer Information System).
Maintained a Natural/ADABAS system, Tandem COBOL as well as Access database within MCI’s OBUS system in a production support role, making code enhancements and documenting code fixes, and prepared its migration to a COBOL/DB2 environment on an IBM Mainframe.
Resolved incoming OBUS problem reports—wrote ad hoc reports for data manipulation using SQL and DYL-260 on a DB2 database using JCL to submit batch jobs and CICS to run online queries.
Worked support for DASD system, providing code fixes for job run software.
Coded programs for reports in SAS from DB2 and IDMS databases.
Supported batch and online components in a COBOL system.
Primary technician for all telephone area code split activities—performed all testing, documentation development and system operations for in-house area code split program.
Utilized EasyTrieve, Changeman QMF and File aid for support of analysis.
Major Accomplishment
Designed, tested and implemented in house program to launch data streams for area code split process using JCL and Batch Processing in a COBOL environment.
Supported programs in SAS on an IBM mainframe environment.
Documented and wrote procedure manual for in house area code split process.

COMSYS Information Technology, Colorado Springs, CO February 1998 – September 1998
Programmer/Analyst
First COMSYS placement for Current, Inc. marketing system product support team.
Key team member of Y2K millennium conversion team, reviewed over 3000 SQL programs for date integrity.
Performed analysis of existing data structures in marketing system for Current, Inc. in preparation for Y2K conversion.
Created a standardization document to implement department wide standards for coding and process development.
Documented existing Marketing System for use in maintenance and upkeep.
Major Accomplishment
Produced, documented and implemented standards for Current’s Information Systems Dept.
Flawless implementation of Y2K updates to existing SQL programs.
Supported programs on an AS/400 system using COBOL and RPG.
Worked with MVS and VM in support of existing marketing systems.
Supported programs in SAS on Honeywell Bull mainframe.
Marmaro 4 of 6

MCI Telecommunications, Colorado Springs, CO March 1996 – September 1997
Systems Analyst/Team Lead
Supervised 8-person 3rd Level support team providing 24/7 support for over 20 products.
Managed and resolved incoming problem reports for Customer Service Manager.
Analyzed reports and provided statistical analyses for on-going work.
Supported both batch and OLTP in COBOL, using CICS, JCL and TSO/ISPF, IMS DB, and z/OS.
Enhanced, updated and maintained data integrity for DB2 database and Micro focus COBOL.
Enhanced, updated and maintained data and code integrity for a Natural/ADABAS environment on MCI’s AS/400 and readied it for migration to a COBOL/DB2. Java classes at Colorado Technical University for duties related to team intranet.
Designed Service Management Organization web site on MCI’s intranet—provided system users and support team members key information for overall system well-being, using SQL and DYL-260, Spufi, ChangeMan,VSAM, flatfiles and Expiditer in a COBOL environment as well as Tandem COBOL.
Major Accomplishment
Wrote first ever on-call service support manual providing cohesive support procedures.

RCI Computers, Helena, MT May 1995 – February 1996
Senior Computer Instructor
Supervised three instructors responsible for training computer classes to clients.
Major Accomplishment
Designed and implemented all computer lectures and notes.

Montana Dept. of Revenue, Helena, MT October 1994 – May 1995
Programmer/Analyst
Programmed code fixes/enhancements for tax system on state Dept. of Revenue mainframe.
Major Accomplishment
Assisted in major design changes to existing systems.
Used Spufi and Expiditor to monitor and manipulate the data and systems on the IBM Mainframe.
Used RPG in support of Dept. of Revenue’s mainframe systems.
Used VM and MVS in support of Dept. of Revenue’s tax support systems.
Used IMS DB data systems.

BDM Technologies, Helena, MT September 1993 – September 1994
Programmer/Analyst Intern
Maintained state mainframe for The Economic Assistance Management System (TEAMS).
Used COBOL, CICS, JCL, SQL and RPG in support of the TEAMS system.
Major Accomplishment
Assisted in major design changes to existing systems.
Marmaro 5 of 6

EDUCATION
University of Montana-Missoula, MT - 1989 – 1993
Colorado Technical University Colorado Springs, CO - 1996 - 2005
Contact this candidate