Mary Patterson
Certified HR Professional & Financial and Business Data Analyst, CPA
**** *. ****** ****** ****, Durham, NC 27713 • ad8yvm@r.postjobfree.com• 919-***-****

An Organized, detail oriented, dependable Business Professional with more than 35 years solid IT Project Production Management in the IBM Network Systems Technical Support, 25 years solid with Human Resources Management Director Experience, Recruiting, Talent Acquisitioning, Promoting Job Fairs, Special Events, Accounting, Technical Writing, and Business Analysis. Quick learner eager to acquire new skills and grow personally and professionally, seeking full time regular job.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer. Federal Government Homeland Security Clearance.
Creative, Hard Working, Innovative, Leading Navigator, and Fast Learner.

Recruiter Notes: • Human Resource Manager Director with 30+ years of solid experience • Highly competent in all facets of employee recruiting, benefit packaging, IT Tech Support. • Hands on experience in recruiting and supporting the global organization. • Experienced in processing biweekly payroll for multiple companies and employees in call center for timesheet collection and timekeeping on web-based platforms like ADP, Dayforce, Paylocity and Paycheck. Data Entry new hires in automated tracking systems for recruiting, onboarding, payroll, electronic timekeeping, withholding allowances, salary increases and insurance and tax deductions in Workday for benefits and compensation. Badge Maker, Income Tax Preparer. Proficient as a Technical Writer for Updating policy/procedure ISO employee handbooks. Employee OJT New Hire Safety Trainer.
Maintain records related to approved leave, time off without pay, PTO, Workers Compensation, FMLA, Bereavement
Analyze, prepare, and submit journal entries relating to payroll, accruals, allocations, and insurance for month end close reports. Reconcile payroll discrepancies and resolve any issues or errors.
Resolve wage, tax, data entry calculation errors to ensure accurate quarterly and year-end tax filings.
Maintain up-to-date payroll instructions, records, employee folders, and policy procedure handbooks.
Compute any corrections or retroactive payments. Prepare manual checks when necessary.
Handle employee/employer confidential documents and information under FERPA and EEOC Laws.

Qualifications:
Provide benefit insurance internal / external customer service. Supervising business accounting crew up to 15 individuals including scheduling and payroll processing at a time. • Proficient in performing human resource recruiting, contract staffing, employee benefits, managing leave of absence, internal financial accounts auditing, reconciliations, A/R/P, Workday and ADP payroll, HRIS, ERP, SAP, Income Tax Preparer and benefit functional specifications under Federal and State Laws.

Key Qualifications: • Quality Management • 35 years IT Systems Network Mainframe Watson Experience with VMS/CMS,
LAN, RACF Security • Certified 25-year Human Resource Director Paid Graduate Apprenticeship• Certified Public Accountant Financial Reporting Manager• Certified Notary Public • 2019 IBM CISSP LAN/WAN Systems Network Database Security Administrator and Programming Technician-Rochester, NY •2006 Flexible Leadership Approach, Driver of Change, Bridge Builder between people & IT functions as a liaison. Problem Solver, Detail Oriented, Data Analyst, Senior Internal Auditor.

Certifications: • 2010 CPA * DTCC 2021 Certified Notary Public *IBM CISSP 2019*NCCU Human Resources Professional 2006

Qualifications:
· Communication skills: Excellent verbal communication skills and able to collaborate with others on problem solving and requirements gathering sessions. Happy to work with teams to educate and spread ideas. Excellent written skills to communicate documentation.
· Time Management: Excellent organizational skills with the ability to manage and balance multiple priorities in a fast-paced, complex business environment, coupled with the aptitude to set priorities, manage deadlines, and make bold data-driven or daily management executive decisions.
· Judgement and problem-solving skills: Proactive problem solver, naturally inquisitive and independent critical thinker with a creative mind set for designing analytical solutions. Innovative thinker with excellent business operation navigation skills.
· Customer service orientation: Self-motivated individual with a strong customer service mindset and are adept to working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment with the ability to build credibility and trust from staff and internal and external constituencies/constituents. Enthusiastic, Team Builder, Team Leading with a good sense of humor, designing with creativity.

SKILLS & ABILITIES:
Research and Analyze Data as a Solutions Developer paying keen attention to details as needed. Accountable for capturing business development data for technical reports. Prepare and process Income tax documents.
Lead and Manage Benefits audits and various projects as a navigator/innovator simultaneously. Technical Writer. Business Documentation Manager updating processes, procedures as needed.
Strong Communication and Presentation Skills understanding business analysis best practices. Good Organization skills to balance work and prioritize tasks.
Ability to work independently as a Manager, Supervisor, Director, Leader, Payroll Specialist
Quick Learner. Proficient in reconciliation, cash handling and management, documenting business requirements.
Punctual & Dependable. Troubleshoot and respond to employee human resource inquiries internal/external employees or customers according to EEOC and FERPA Laws. Strong Work Ethics.
Excellent, Effective and Efficient Internal Business Operations Problem-Solver / Auditor. Self-Motivated.
Decisive Facilitator and Problem Solver with motivation to act. Performs all other duties as needed.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Macy’s Retail Store @ Streets of South Point Mall, Durham, NC 08/2023-08/2024
Cashier Christmas Season
Cashier to provide quality customer service relations selling goods and products during the Christmas season.
Tagged merchandise for selling and organizing merchandise for displays and sales. Clean dressing rooms.
Provided excellent customer service for quality personal shopping experience for wedding/bridal gifts, baby showers, birthdays, holidays, and/or just because events. Assist with online orders, in store and curb pickups. Upsell additional items as necessary when needed. Assist with returns, shipped damaged goods, and refunds explaining to customers the policies and practices of the business/store. Deter theft by being vigilant and present.
Open and close registers for cash handling and till accounting for opening and closing.

US Tech Solutions @Bridgestone Americas, Oxford, NC. 06/2022-07/2023
Human Resources Manager Contracted Consultant
Responsible for coordinating on-going recruiting practices. Escalate complex problems to hiring management team and appropriate support specialists. Respond to, and diagnose, problems through discussion with others, including problem recognition, research, isolation, and follow-up steps with onboarding process based upon human resource talent acquisition SOPs. Identify, evaluate, and prioritize customer problems and complaints.
Plan and Coordinate job fairs, holiday celebrations, employee recognition and rewards events.
Assist employees with Payroll, Tax withholdings, Benefits and Compensation in Workday, ADP, Dayforce.
Recruiting, Talent Acquisitioning, Onboarding New Hires with HRIS, Facilitating Job Fairs & Special Events.
Conducting Job Interviews face to face & Facilitating New Hire Orientation Training for OSHA Safety and Onboarding.
Strong Communication skills using MS Office Suite (MS-Word, MS-Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Paylocity.
Support Product Functionality and confidential employee account file information in Workday. Made electronic badges for timekeeping/payroll and work overtime. Hired over 1000 full-time employees for career jobs.
Assisting employees with payroll, timekeeping, badge making, and benefit compensation inquiries/questions.
Experienced with using Hire Right, My Workday, ADP, Scout, and Indeed for recruitment, face to face or virtual interviewing, while coordinating new hire orientation training classes and onboarding for permanent retention.
Secure employee confidential documents and information on IT mainframes as needed under Federal Laws.

Robert Half Finance Accountant Staffing Service, Durham 10/2021 – 05/2022 Certified Internal Auditor Accountant & Human Resource Manager Consultant
Perform debt and financial reconciliations by communicating with others and negotiating contracts. Proactive in seeking information, challenging norms, and driving business debt and operations efficiency by canvassing tenants for information in the Damar Housing Community for rent payments.
Providing operational support for other accountants assisting on special contract assignments and/or projects. Building relationships with key stakeholders and management team for possible payment resolution solutions.
Ability to produce and manipulate large financial quantities of complex data, confidential information with high levels of financial accounting accuracy. Secure IT mainframes with passwords and license agreements.
Collecting over $1 million dollars in outstanding COVID19 Pandemic rent due to nonpayment and financial hardships for the local tenants and Durham Housing Authority agency until contract completed using MS Excel, ESS base/Oracle, and FINBO application tools.

The State of North Carolina Department of Revenue and DTCC Contracts 01/201*-**-****
Mandated Executive Ordered Law Enforcement Public Safety Officer COVID19 Pandemic Certified Consultant.

Department of Homeland Security Official Public Trust and Full Scope Clearance—Active until 2027 (Present)

Internal Auditor Income Tax Retention File Builder for State of North Carolina Department of Revenue--Consultant
Performed all OSHA Trained responsibilities, duties, and requirements to keep the mass majority of population safe while COVID19 quarantined.
Travelling the surrounding area for performing fire watch detail & Safety Security detail in state educational facilities as required.
Prepared electronic SPD SAP IRS Retention W2 tax files under GAAP/SOX guidelines for State/Federal Government.
Created electronic retention income tax SAP/GAAP files for the SPD Department & The Department of Revenue/IRS.

IBM, Rochester, New York 01/2010-01/2019 Internal Auditor & Database Network Specialist Consultant
Perform debt collections and financial reconciliations by communicating with others and negotiating contracts.
Proactively prepares and presents employee complaint and occurrence analysis reports for the Management Executive team for resolution. Support business operations in call center using WATSON waterfall procedures.
Maintain direct access storage devices on mainframes for disaster recovery, RACF file security in LAN/WAN/CMS/TSO/VMS/MVS platform environments for end user support and FCC audit security.
Test new platform programs for end user friendly usage and application tools. Provide Helpdesk Assistance.
Troubleshoot software tools and systems applications for end user friendly platforms.
Collect financial payments in Citrix, and Western Union Quick Collect, researched information in IBM Legacy.
Technical Writer for end user How to Guidebooks and system operation manuals for technical support.
Manage, review, and maintain employee timekeeping sheets for payroll in ADP System for payroll.
Responsible for employee complaints and grievance process. Manage employee timekeeping in Workday for ADP payroll, management team approval, job performance, and work attendance.
Prepares quality and presents complaint and occurrence analysis reports for the Organization Executive Management Executive Team and Governing Board.
Coordinate Staff Peer Review Process for compliance with core measures for risk management including root cause and analysis as required. Facilitates organizational employee safety/quality team meeting.
Providing operational support for other accountants assisting on special contract assignments and/or projects. Building relationships with key stakeholders. Manage employee timekeeping in ATS and payroll in ADP.
Ability to produce and manipulate large quantities of complex data, confidential information with high levels of financial accounting accuracy using ADP and Workday application tools. Collecting over $1 billion dollars in outstanding mortgage real estate debt in fast paced call center for accounting.

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS:
Master’s Degree – Computer Science, North Carolina Central University, Durham, NC
Certified Accounting, Budget & Finance Accountant using ADP, Workday, GAAP/SOX, SAP, ERP, Paycheck, ATS
Certified IBM Computer Information Systems Database Security Personnel with RACF/TSO/CMS/VMS environment platforms for technical IT ROM/RAM support and Programming Technician in C++, Basic, and SQL.
Certified Human Resources Director Apprenticeship Paid Internship. --SHRMP
Certified in IBM LAN/WAN AS/400, SNA,RACF, VMS, FAPL, SAP, CMS, XML, HTML, GML, Citrix, Lawson, Siebel, Curam Remote Call Center Linguistics, Experienced with Pro-leads, Scout, Dayforce, Workday, HireRight, Indeed, HRIS, Azure, ADP, Dayforce, Paycheck, ERP, ATS, Citrix, Legacy, Paylocity. --CISSP
Technical Writer proficient in using Book Master & MS Office Suites (MS Excel, Word, MS Power Point, MS Works, MS Outlook) XEDIT, HTML, GML.

REFERENCES: Available upon request.
Contact this candidate