DALIA SEYAM
Data Analyst
Princeton, New jersey
201-***-****
Egyption
ad8y9g@r.postjobfree.com
Feb 11, 1983
https://www.linkedin.com/in/da
lia-seyam-57b739282/
S K I L L S
L A N G U A G E S
English — Intermediate.
— I got a certificate from
Brooklyn ESL School.
Arabic — Native
As a Data Analyst with a curious
mind and a passion for problem-
solving, I am proficient in
identifying connections between
data sets and finding solutions and
helping in taking the right decisions.
During my studying at
CareerFoundry Institution as a Data
Analyst I built many projects from
scratch beginning with Data
cleaning, filtering, wrangling to Data
Analytics with MS excel, SQL,
Python and implement Data
Visualization with Tableau and
Python to finally present hypotheses,
insights, and recommendation
through presentations to the
stakeholders.
Analyzing datasets, Data
wrangling, Data visualization,
MS Excel, Tableau, SQL,
Python programming, time
management, solving problems
and communications skills
·
·
·
E X P E R I E N C E
home caretaker Mar 2007 — Present
At home Princeton, new jersey
E D U C ATION
Data Analysis certificate Jan 2023 — Sep 2023
CareerFoundry Institution Berlin, Germany
Bachelor's degree Sep 2000 — Nov 2004
Ain shams University, School of Network engineering Cairo, Egypt P R O J E C T S
1. GAMECO PROJECT: To perform a descriptive analysis of video game data to support new game development by providing better understanding of how they would fare in the market. 2. INFLUENZA PROJECT: Support a medical staffing agency by determining when the flu season is, and the number of medical personnel to send to each state depending on number of vulnerable persons. 3. ROCKBUSTER STEALTH PROJECT: Provide insights to the Marketing department with a data driven solutions to contribute to the 2020 company strategy.
4. INSTACART PROJECT: To perform an initial data and exploratory analysis of some of their data in order to derive insights and suggest strategies for better segmentation based on customer behavior, to inform their marketing strategy.
5. PIG.E BANK PROJECT: To provide analytical support to the bank's anti-money-laundering compliance department. This involves building fraud detecting models.
6. The world university ranking: To provide analytical support to the world university ranking to know what the most variables affect the world rank and the distribution of the world universities rankings all over the countries.
Contact this candidate