Gino Celli
*** ****** ****
Wappinger Falls, NY *2590
845-***-**** ad9apn@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Proactive, results-driven professional Data Analyst with a solid track record of providing support to maintain and expand existing data collection and data delivery platforms. Well-versed in creating new data collection systems that optimize data management, capturing, delivery and quality. Special talent for acquiring data from different sources and developing data systems that support analysis and reporting. Core Proficiencies Data Interpretation Analyzing Results Interpreting Trends Data Filtering Ad-hoc Reports Netx-Pro Power Point MS Excel and Access.
Skills
Training junior team members
Analytical and Critical Thinking
Decision-Making
Good Telephone Etiquette
Policies and Procedures
Business planning
Verbal and written communication
Customer service professional
Excel Spreadsheet
Work History
07/2019 to Current
Appliance/Garden Specialist
Home Depot – Fishkill, NY
Promote product-related services and plans such as installation, delivery, credit financing, or extended protection plans.
Educate customers on the use, care, and adjustments of appliances.
Display merchandise to reflect high standards of showroom readiness.
Determine customers' needs to pair the best products and service offerings.
Engage in safe work practices and proper operation of store equipment.

07/2023 to Current
Manager On Duty/Supervisor
Rite Aid – Wappinger Falls, NY
Delegate tasks to associates to ensure the store is ready to provide excellent customer service.
Approve cash transactions above associate limits.
Approve cash draws and store deposits at the end of the night.
Train new associates on store policies, cash draw management, and customer service strategies.
Oversee inventory and restocked merchandise following the First-In First Out (FIFO) method to minimize spoilage.

03/2016 to 07/2019
Sicilian Delight – Poughkeepsie, NY
Pizza Maker/Assistant Manager
Coached new workers on store policies, pizza making, and dough preparation.
Handled cash register operations and approved nightly deposits.
Oversaw inventory and restocked ingredients following (FIFO) method to minimize spoilage.
Developed a loyal and delighted customer base by proactively managing team customer service strategies.
Strengthened merchandising and promotional strategies to drive customer engagement and boost sales.
06/2012 to 02/2016
Owner/Operator
Giovanni's Restaurant – Poughquag, NY
Managed day-to-day business operations.
Performed statistical analyses to gather data for operational and forecast team needs.
Maintained up-to-date administrative records to monitor operational conditions.
Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts, and costs.
Reconciled daily sales, returns, and financial reports.
09/1997 to 09/2011
Data Analyst
BNY Mellon Pershing – Jersey City, NJ
Analyzed user production levels, reporting discrepancies to upper management in order to remedy training deficiency.
Produced high-level user reports for upper management daily, weekly, monthly and adhoc basis.
These reports were utilized to determine merit increases and promotions.
Settled on the methodologies and procedures for carrying out productive data analysis.
Trained staff members on new systems being implemented.
Gathered data necessary to accomplish analysis from various sources. Put them together in a prearranged format and enter data in several Excel spreadsheets.
Analyzed production reports, reporting discrepancies to upper management.
Audited client statements for format and detail errors.
Reviewed and adjusted high-level errors made to client accounts, receiving the request via CSERV.
Supervised a staff of 8, delegating assignments following the rules and regulations of the IRS and FINRA.
Customer Service orientated in providing customer assistance and advice when needed and requested.
Education

BS. Business Studies
SUNY Empire State College - Hartsdale, NY
Contact this candidate