Andrew Ottaro
**** ********** **
Frisco, TX ****3
Telephone: 301-***-****
Email: ad9ahy@r.postjobfree.com
Education:
September 2017 Completed Graduate Certificate in Business Analysis at Southern Methodist University Dallas TX

Graduated May 2001 McMurry University Abilene, TX
Bachelor of Business Administration, Major in Computer Information Systems
GPA 3.3 in a 4.0 system

Work Experience:

Contract Position: Senior Data Analyst
Wells Fargo (Remote Position) 08/2023 to 12/2023

Gather, Document, communicate, and validate business requirements for the development teams.
Data profiling from new sources
Analyzing source system artifacts to draft a target state data dictionary and identify data patterns.
Defining transformations and determining data lineage
Validation of data accuracy before and after migration using SQL, Teradata, Hive, Tableau, Toad, MongoDB, and any other needed tools.
Performing Unit testing in Dev, UAT, and Prod environments
Creating KPI reporting in Tableau and reverse engineering reports to create data mapping documents.
Validating that PII data in the lower environments is masked to ensure customer security.
Create and update stories in Jira.
Troubleshooting data issues
Provided updates in scrum meetings for the projects that use Agile.
Managing our SharePoint site to ensure that the latest project documents are stored and available to the project team.
Analyzing data sources to create mapping and transformations for data used in the C360 and data enrichment projects.

Contract Position: Senior Data Analyst
Wells Fargo (Remote Position) 12/2021 to 11/2022

Gather, Document, communicate, and validate business requirements for the development teams.
Data profiling from new sources
Analyzing source system artifacts to draft a target state data dictionary and identify data patterns.
Defining transformations and determining data lineage
Validation of data accuracy before and after migration using Teradata, Hive, Tableau, Toad, and MongoDB
Performing Unit testing in Dev, UAT and Prod environments
Create and update stories in Jira.
Troubleshooting data issues
Provided updates in scrum meetings for the projects that use Agile.
Managing our SharePoint site to ensure that the latest project documents are stored and available to the project team.
Analyzing data sources to create mapping and transformations for data used in the C360 and data enrichment projects.

Contract Position: Data Analyst
Mattress Firm (Remote Position) 07/2021 – 12/2021

Responsibilities:

Maintaining the sales/promotions in the ERP, Microsoft Dynamics (AX and 365)
Maintaining SKU data entry requirements by following data program techniques and Master Data procedures.
Establishing system update entry priorities.
Processing source documents by reviewing data for deficiencies, resolving discrepancies by using standard procedures or returning incomplete documents to the supervisor for resolution.
Preparing source data for computer entry by compiling and sorting information into computer files for database upload.
Verifies entered SKU data by reviewing, correcting, deleting, or reentering data.
Maintaining record of completed work for each event and routes or files source documents after data entry.
Conducting audit analysis by retrieving data, identifying inconsistencies/inaccuracies, manipulates and validates data on a daily basis.
Investigating and responding to inquiries concerning data.
Providing feedback to reduce errors and improve processes and performance.
Maintaining cross reference files essential for inventory import, reporting, and market conversions.
Researching invoice cost discrepancies for Accounts Payable and determines action needed to resolve discrepancy.

Contract Position: Senior Business Systems Analyst
Wells Fargo (Remote Position) 07/23/2020 to 07/23/2021

Gather, Document, communicate and validate business requirements.
Data modelling marketing data
Worked with Data Governance to conform data from different business lines.
Analyzing source system artifacts to draft a target state data dictionary and identify data pattern.
Defining transformations and determining data lineage
Validation of data accuracy before and after migration using Teradata, SQL etc
Create and update stories in Jira.
Converting Tableau reports into data requirements for the new data environment
Troubleshooting data issues
Quality assurance of migrated data
Provided updates in scrum meetings for the projects that use Agile.

Contract Position: Senior Data Analyst
MrCooper in Lewisville, TX 10/21/2019 to 05/29/2020
Gather and put together data mappings for ETL processes and Data integration for Applications using Datastage.
Gather and sometimes reverse engineer SQL queries and translate business requirements to usable SQL queries.
Generating reports to support decision-makers
Business requirement gathering for new projects.
Troubleshoot, analyze, and suggest solutions for data issues.
Update stories and status of projects In Jira
Provided updates in scrum meetings.

Position: Business Data Analyst
04/01/2014 to 10/15/2019 at Sirius XM in Irving, TX

Duties Include
Pulling and validating data from Teradata and OBIEE Data warehouses.
Creating reports and dashboards in Tableau, QlikView, PowerPivot, and Excel
Analyzing and presenting outcomes of marketing campaigns and programs to upper management and clients
Providing data to back up decisions made on business model changes when necessary.
Analyzing the subscription channel to ensure goals are met.
Creating KPI reports and suggesting new KPIs when needed.
Analyzing business data policies and suggesting changes or new policies for new clients
Testing and validation of data sets when needed
Participate in the business requirement gathering from a reporting perspective.
Provide forecasts based on past program performances.
Analyzing the Web metrics using Adobe Analytics to help make suggestions on website improvements.
Creating datamarts, business rules and transformation rules to be used in C360 projects

Position: Database Marketing Analyst
04/01/07 to 04/01/2014 at American Society of Clinical Oncology Alexandria, VA

Duties Include

Maintaining data and creating databases and stored procedures being used by applications.
Analyzing current business policies, collecting requirements for new projects, and providing input in the strategic vision of the department
Managing multiple data analysis (using SQL) and reporting (using SSRS, Crystal) projects
Create test scenarios for new implementations and administer data integrity checks for our C.R.M (iMIS)
Documenting new processes and training staff on the new processes
Running monthly and ad hoc Reports using crystal reports and SQL server reporting services and transforming reports from old enterprise systems to SSRS
Pulling Marketing lists from multiple Databases and creating segments to provide better returns on future marketing campaigns and Analyzing Campaign related reports to provide decision-making points for Marketing Managers
Managing the operations part of Marketing Campaigns like creating product codes source codes and ensuring fulfillment of products and our subscription products while troubleshooting any Fulfillment issues.
Creating Reports to analyze and troubleshoot any issues on our website traffic using Google Analytics, Site catalyst, Highwire etc.

Skills

MS Office (Word, Excel, Access)
Database Management and C.R.M – T-SQL, SSIS, Imis, Alterian,Teradata, Hadoop-hive, OBIEE(Oracle), AWS-Athena, MongoDB,TOAD
Reporting Tools and Web metrics - Crystal Reports, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, SQL Reporting (SSRS), Tableau, QlikView, PowerBI
Software - Group 1 Software products, e-Marketing tools
Agile Project management

Business Skills
Accounting, Management, Finance, Business Law and Economics

Awards Received

Academic All-Conference team Spring 2001
National Deans list 1998, 2000, 2001
All-American Academic team for the America Southwest Conference 2000
Outstanding performance as Student-Athlete in McMurry University 1999, 2000

References Available upon request
Contact this candidate