MANPREET KAUR manpreetkaura@ad9bb0@r.postjobfree.com +1-858-***-****
Career Objective
Human Resources Specialist with 5years of experience in recruiting and staffing. Desire to apply knowledge of the industry to assist your company in related needs and strategic goals. Possess an MBA in Human Resources and Finance Degree.

Work Experience:
Codex Tech IT LLC based in India as an Online IT Recruiter
Time Period November 2022 to April 2024
Helped with recruiting candidates for roles across the organization, collaborating extensively with department managers to understand requirements.
Understand the Position, develop and update Job Descriptions.
Portal used is Naukri.com, Facebook and LinkedIn to find and shortlist the resumes.
Prepare and post jobs.
Screen candidate’s resumes.
Efficiently and effectively fill open positions.
Asses’ applicants’ relevant knowledge, skill, soft skills experience, and aptitude.
Applications worked on:
Java web Developers, Python Developer, Business Analyst, Data Analyst.

Did volunteer work because I had H4 (Dependent Visa) as an HR Admin in EXIT Premier Real Estate to keep in touch with my skills. (San Diego, California)
Time Period: December 2015 to December 2019.
Handled documentation, Regular office duties, Data handling and organizing.

Worked as HR IT Recruiter in I-source Consultants, A
Recruitment Agency. (Noida)
Time Period: January 2015 to October 2015

Led high volume recruitment efforts to source and recruit potential candidates for BIG 4 companies and ACCENTURE.
Increased sales ration and candidate pipeline by 47% by effectively using recruitment portals such as Naukri.com, Linked In, Facebook, networking and referrals.
Successfully filled 40 permanent and 10contract positions for key clients.
Understand the Position, develop and update Job Descriptions.
Prepared post jobs, screen candidates effectively and efficiently filled positions.

Asses’ applicants’ relevant knowledge, skill, soft skills experience, and aptitude.
Provide well-documented reports to the rest of the team.
Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process.
Have been working on applications:
People Soft, MS CRM, MS Dynamic, SFDC, SAP.

Worked in Human Resource as Recruiter and Administration in Quark city India Pvt. Ltd., Mohali (Real Estate ) as Human Resource Assistant.
Home - Quark (quarkcity.com)

Time Period: 10 November 2010 to 31 December 2014.
Human Resources
Conducting interviews for candidates, consequent selection of them and conducting training modules for the selected candidates to give them insights into the requirements of the industry. Conceptualizing & Issuing Job Description and joining formalities.
Did recruitment on IT profiles and non-IT profiles.
Employee Engagement viz managing events, HR practices etc.
Performance management.
Attendance Management.
Grievances and office daily activities.

2years in Purchasing and Marketing
Expertise in analyzing market trends and product requirements.
Ability to negotiate prices and contracts.
Excellent problem- solving and communication skills.
Proficient in using procurement software.
Strong organizational and time- management skills.
Negotiated prices with manufacturers and suppliers.
Reviewed and monitored supplier delivery performance.
Selected and evaluated vendors and suppliers.
Prepared purchase orders and tracked delivery and payment.

Education
Academic Qualifications:
Post-Graduation, MBA from Gurukul Vidyapeeth In year 2010.
Bachelors in Arts from MCM DAV in Year 2008.
Intermediate From LAWERENCE PUBLIC SCHOOL, (C.B.S.E) in the Year 2005.
Skills
MS-Office, Quick Books
Oracle, XP Professionals, Languages C++
Contact this candidate