PERSONAL INFORMATION
KEY SKILLS
Data Analyst
project management
data modeling
azure databricks
data analysis
power query
data engineering
database management
customer segmentation
data processing
matplotlib
machine learning
Data Validation
Data Visualization
PROFILE SUMMARY
Detail-oriented and highly skilled Data Engineer with over 8 years of experience in data analysis, processing, and visualization. Proficient in Python, SQL, and Big Data technologies including PySpark and Azure Databricks. Experienced in developing and automating Power BI reports and managing large datasets. Seeking to leverage expertise in a challenging Data Engineering role to drive data-driven decision- making and business insights.
EDUCATION
2010
2005
1999
1996
WORK EXPERIENCE
Dec 2023 - Aug
2024
Divya Sharma
Data Analyst
PG Diploma
Symbiosis Centre for Distance Learning
(SCDL)
B.Com
Vinayaka Mission University (VMU)
XIIth
Hindi
Xth
Hindi
Data Analyst
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited
Detail-oriented and highly skilled Data Engineer with over 8 years of experience in data analysis,
processing, and visualization. Proficient in Python, SQL, and Big Data technologies including PySpark
and Azure Databricks. Experienced in developing and automating Power BI reports and managing large
datasets. Seeking to leverage expertise in a
challenging Data Engineering role to drive data-driven decision-making and business insights.
Email
ad9cvr@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile
+91-798*******
Total work experience
8 Years 8 Months
Social
Link
+91-991*******
ad9cvr@r.postjobfree.com
ad9cvr@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/divya-sharma-
791221211/
https://github.com/divya2434
Python
Seaborn
Pyspark
OTHER PERSONAL DETAILS
City New Delhi
Country INDIA
LANGUAGES
Hindi
English
2023
Sep 2020 - May
2021
Jul 2015 - Aug
2020
Projects
0 Days
0 Days
Data Analyst
Arbre Creations
Created data pipelines and workflows in Azure
Databricks for efficient data processing. Automated reporting and data validation processes using Power Automate, saving significant manual effort.
Developed interactive Power BI dashboards for
management reporting and decision support.
Responsible for data cleaning, preprocessing, and
validation using PySpark. Developed and maintained automated Power BI reports for business
performance monitoring. Collaborated with cross-
functional teams to gather data requirements and
deliver actionable insights. Utilized Azure Databricks for large-scale data processing and machine learning model deployment.
MIS Executive
Tech Mahindra
Managed and analyzed large datasets to extract
insights and support business decisions. Created
dynamic and interactive reports using Power BI and MS Excel.
MIS Executive
Atomants E-Services
As an MIS Executive of the project, accountable for Ad-hoc projects which include data collection,
inventory analytics, sales analysis, customer analysis, regulatory reporting, KPI analytics etc. Prepared point of sale (PoS) reporting which includes exposure and loss analytics for the client?s prospective business. Created multiple data validation & reporting
dashboards using MS Excel to validate successful
data load and quality of the data. Preparing monthly & quarterly reporting infrastructure from the ground up using MS Excel & Power BI. Developed dashboard
reporting automation for multiple clients with Power BI, saving ~40hours of monthly labor. Work with the marketing team to prepare automated reports for
upper management
Social Media Usage Analysis with Python
Extract Data from twitter and done analysis with
python to increase the client reach .
Sales Analysis with Excel
Sales Analysis with excel
Jul 2021 - Nov
31 Days
31 Days
31 Days
59 Days
0 Days
COURSES & CERTIFICATIONS
marketing Campaign Analysis with Power BI
Analysis of different marketing Campaigns . Through the analysis I found the performance of All campaigns
. Did segmentation of Customer according the
demography and did Cohort Analysis and forecasting
. Found the conversation status and rate .found
valuable insight which help the user to take the
effective business decisions .
Data Analysis of Airline ticket price with Power
bi
connected the data source and did data cleaning . Did exploratory data analysis and data visualization . I got the the insights and on the basis of insights I prepared the report .
Super Store Sales Analysis with power BI
Found valuable insights and actionable information that can drive strategic decision ? making and
support the supermarket?s goal for growth,
efficiency and customer satisfaction . Did Forecasting and identify KPI's
Walmart Sale Analysis
Data Analysis :-Store has Max sale, Mas std, Good
quarterly growth rate Data Visualization:-Monthly, quarterly, half-yearly sales view Market Research :- Impact of holiday on sale
google play store
analysis of google apps
diploma in pharmacy
python for data science and AI
Project Completion
Master's in Data Science
internship
MIS Advance
Contact this candidate