C hethan V Hegde
telephone: +91-886*******
email: abilai@r.postjobfree.com
P rofessional P rofile

An organised individual with 7 plus years of IT Business Analyst and Project Management
experience in ERP, Product Lifecycle Management domain producing, tested and
documented quality work to t ime and budget, with re-use, modularity and end user in
m ind. Possesses excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to work
effectively within team and build productive working relationships. Thrives in pressurised
and challenging working environments, and looking forward to work in an environment
w hich holds attention, evokes emotion and inspires action.

Key Expertise
• Functional Expertise in ERP (REO Asset Management), Agile PLM and Regulatory &
Compliance applications.

• Advanced knowledge of mortgage banking servicing and operations
• Strength in Eliciting Requirements with Business Users existing/new Business process.
• Strong understanding of project management in a waterfall, I terative, Lean, Agile, or
similar software development process

• Skilled in developing project documentation such as scope definition, work breakdown
s tructure, organizational breakdown structure, project plan, schedule, budget and r isk
management

• Outstanding performer, determined and pro-active leader, exceptionally detail oriented,
and driven to exceed expectations

• Excellent analytical, organizational and communication skills. Proven ability to work
cross-functionally, prioritize with customer driven focus

Career Summa ry

11/2012 – Date I T Project Management Sr. Analyst, Dell I ndia IT,
B angalore, I ndia.

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
R oles Played:
P roject Management

• Responsible for the project management throughout the entire project lifecycle,
i ncluding project initiation/proposals, project delivery, business liaison / stakeholder
management, post implementation review and project close out / handover
• Implementing project plans within pre-set budgets and deadlines. Monitoring
offshore delivery management for technical deliverables of concurrent projects.
• Acted as project manager on assigned projects, consulting with users and vendors for
needs assessment, identifying and wri ting requirements, and presenting research
and recommendation to management. Duties include mapping existing business
p rocesses, defining application configurations, assisting with reconciliation and
report reviews, working with the business users to test new functionality, and
performing QA testing of system fixes, updates, and implementations in progress.

• Conducting regular impact analysis in order to assess the consequences of the
p roject deliverables on other sections of the business.
• Holding review meetings to ensure t imely completion and delivery of the project to
t he client.
• Defining best practices for project support and documentation
• Responsible for maintaining and distributing lessons learned during each stage of
t he implementation for use in subsequent planning and execution of the
i mplementation plan.

• Service Delivery Operations –
o Ensuring end-to-end ownership of incidents and service requests. Meeting
deadlines and tu rnaround t ime without compromising quality norms and
adhering to SLA
o Understanding and coordinating client’s needs / enhancements,
customization, service-related issue of clients to provide solutions in
adherence to delivery schedules

Business Systems Analyst

• Responsible for analysing business requirements and development of information
technology solutions focused on the engineering and product development business
a reas.

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
• Work cross functionally with IT, program management, supply chain, engineering,
manufacturing operations, logistics, and other teams to define and evaluate product
l ifecycle and development processes.

• Responsible for a wide variety of technical activities related to requirements
gathering, solution synthesis, planning, implementation, testing, documentation,
u pgrade and support of Agile PLM and other engineering related business systems.
• Developed use cases, workf low, screen mock-ups, and functional and business
requirements
• Understanding the structure of a business requirements document, conducting
requirements analysis process. Providing technical guidance/support to the project
team - process assurance and controlling.
• Act as liaison between IT and rest of organization, with the ability to present
technical information to a non-technical audience, and an ability to understand and
i nterpret Business requirements.

• Ensure product QA processes are effective and executed consistently. Troubleshoot
p roduct issues and resolve quickly.

• Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance

Project Description:
• M &A Program – M DM – Enable and enhance the usage of industry product data
across the enterprise. The value of this enablement will be recognized through
successful automation of consumption of product data, reduction in manual activities
related to creation / maintenance of product data and simplifying the BOM used in
t he support selling, procuring and servicing products for our customers..
• Run/Scale Program – A gile PLM application enhancements for PC/PQM modules
and other custom made applications around PLM to enable part & application driver
i nformation f low from design to factory for manufacturing & to dell.com to enhance
Dell Online Customer Support capabilities.

• I T owned or Compliance Projects – To help drive efficiencies in infrastructure
p rojects governed by IT leadership and projects driven by legal compliance need
managed by legal commit tee (Regulatory & Compliance).

People Management

• Building and maintaining healthy business relations with corporate clients,
ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms.

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
• Recruiting, guiding & mentoring teams, determining t raining needs of team
members to enhance their operational efficiency.

12/2010-11/2012 Property Management Engineer, Altisource Business Solutions,
B angalore, I ndia

• Worked closely with Product Management, Sales, Engineering, Finance and
Operations to make sure commit ted New Product Sales (NPS) are achieved

• Determined clear priorit ization of implementation issues based upon an
u nderstanding of constraints, dependencies, costs, resources and end user benefits

• Interact with the key end users and business owners to map applications to
standard business processes and conduct gap analysis, including construction and
facilitation of business workshops.

• Lead the ini tial implementation of the operational plan, to prove out the
strategy and to see efforts through from idea to impact

• Responsible for driving continuous improvement in processes and tools to
streamline product development processes and reduce throughput.

• Participated in proposals, feasibili ty studies, implementations, and new
business development.

• Developed use cases, workf low, screen mock-ups, and functional and business
requirements
• Developed Test Scenarios and Test Cases for system testing and Maintained
T raceability Mat r ix for the Test Case and Test Scenarios
• Functioned as interface to users & stakeholders, oversaw releases & updates,
reported status
• Created management decision support models and reports to help direct and
quantify sales and marketing efforts

• Adept at working with senior management and/or business heads for decision
support init iatives, analysis of existing business and new business proposals

• Ensured projects are complied with SDLC policies and guidelines.

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
• Developed system related procedures/manuals, and provided system t raining,
i nteracted with users, performed analysis of user related queries, and contributed to
k nowledge base.
Project Description: REO Asset Management: End-to-end real estate management
solutions available through a single vendor platform that maximize net proceeds and
reduce REO sales t imelines. New REO asset management application is capable of
managing more than 100000 Pre Foreclosure and REO assets and 2000 vendors.

07/2010-09/2010 Business Analyst- Research, Profiles
I nternational, UK

• Analysed client requirements, prioritized tasks, identified dependencies and
designed solutions

• Analysed research data and synthesized raw information into insights,
recommendations, dashboards and reports. Prepared presentations and clearly
communicated findings from initiatives to senior management and to the broader
organization.

• Provided key analytical contributions to strategic decision making around
emerging business opportunities and partnered corporate development and
B usiness development to assess build/buy/partner opportunities for new products.

• Constantly striving to improve the business processes to increase efficiency

Project: UK’S MOST PRODUCT IVE COMPAINES 2010 is the most comprehensive
study of human capital productivity of i ts kind covering over 1000 companies and 100
i ndustries. Objective of this study is to better understand the factors that drive
employee productivity within an organization. Also, this report suggests with
u nemployment nearing double digits it is more important than ever for companies to
benchmark their people processes to ensure they maximise the productivity of the
people they employ.

03/2009-03/2010 I ntern- Part Time, University of
Bedfordshire, UK

• Successfully acted as Social Media coordinator for admission and PR activities for
student recruitments

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
• Guided the department's managers to new possible strategies that could positively
a ffect the ongoing operational practices

• Assisted in all aspects of student recruitment administrative activities

01/2008-12/2008 Site Engineer, Skyline Construction & Housing Pvt
L td, Bangalore, I ndia

• Helped develop detailed project plans for multiple simultaneous projects, resulting in
i ncreased visibility of inter project dependencies and improved development
efficiency
• Ensured that the project cost is kept minimum without losing quality and efficiency
• Increased departmental efficiency through the design and implementation of Quality
M anagement System
• Prepared feasibility plan and report to meet customer needs
• Collaborate with Senior Management, Sales and Marketing team on project
development, pre sales meeting with client
• Liaised with clients and representatives throughout project lifecycle (architects,
consultants), including attending regular review meetings to discuss on project
p rogress, programme and quality and ensuring objectives were met

Description: Lead Engineer responsible for E2E aspects of large volume residential
building construction.

06/2007-01/2008 F amily Business - Proud
I ndia Promoters, I ndia

• Manage all aspects of construction projects including init ial design, acquiring
permits, submitting bids, creating a budget, scheduling construction and overseeing
f ield operations.
• Direct personnel operations, conduct hir ing, manage staff and provide t raining.
Schedule subcontractors and develop criteria needed for subcontractor assignments.

D escription: S trengthening Business Client Portfolio.

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
E ducation and Qualifications

MBA - M arketing & Finance 01/2009-03/2010

University of Bedfordshire Business School, U K

Bachelor of Engineering - C ivil 2003-2007

NMAM Institute of Technology, Ni t te, India

P rofessional Certifications

IT I L v3.0 Certified, In ternational Project Fundamentals

P MP Certification Training completed

Member of Project Management Institute

Skills

Programming language: C, SQL (Basic)

Business Environment or Domain: Agile PLM 9.3.0.2, Mortgage, Finance, Construction
M anagement

E xpert: Project Management, Business Analyst, IT operations, Pre Sales

Applications/Tools: Oracle Agile PLM, REO Asset Management, SharePoint, M icrosoft TFS,
P roficient in the use of MS office suite, Asset Management application (VMS), PENCIL
P roject Mock-up’s, BPMN 2.0

Project Management Tools: Change Point, Clarity

Languages: English, Hindi, Kannada

Synopsis of Achievements
• Received ‘appreciation letter’ from Profiles International Managing Director for excellent
p roject contribution

Project: UK’S MOST PRODUCT IVE COMPAINES 2010 - P lease go through the link
www.uksmostproductive.com for details of how I helped Profiles In ternational to successfully

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
l aunch the report, was independent researcher worked on the project along with Directors
of the organization

• Won various awards at Dell for implementation of best practices and delivery excellence

Volunta ry & I n terests

Reading Books, listening to Music, Playing games (outdoor), active volunteer in charitable
activities
Personsal P rofile

Name Chethan V Hegde
Date of birth 17/04/1985
Sex & Mari tal Status M ale, Mar r ied
Nationality I ndian
Permanent address S/o Vasanth R Hegde, Sri Durga, Nana Saheb Road,
K undapura, Udupi Dist, PIN: 576201
References fu rnished upon request

D ell - I n te rnal Use - Confidential
Contact this candidate