PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
IT Professional with more than 20+ years of experience in implementing Agile & Waterfall methodologies, Program and Project Management, Customer Relations Management, Operations Management, Budgeting, Financial and Resource Management, Sales/Pre-sales, New business/revenue realization, Strategic Consulting covering Financial and HealthCare industry.
Result driven, motivated and decisive thought leader with great communication and leadership skills with 20+ years of Global Delivery Management experience.
Mentoring, organizing, and growing the team and its leaders to maintain a positive working environment and effectively meet team and organizational goals.
5+ years of experience in implementing Agile in both technical and change leader capacity. Considerable experience in developing and executing leading practices within Agile.
Implemented several business and technical solutions, provided core business solutions harmonized business outcome results.
Expanding existing client relationships through continuous improvements & value added services collaborating with Account management teams to qualify Business expansion opportunities.
Experience in working across verticals for preparing / supporting RFPs along with pre sales teams, presenting the solutions to clients, understand the business needs, develop proof on concepts, creating pipeline projects.
Worked across 4 domains from Insurance, Healthcare, and Financial Services & Logistics.
Have worked up the ladder in the last 20+ years of my career starting from Developer, Project Lead, Project Manager, Program Manager and Presales Leader. Also contributed for various strategic initiatives and streamlining PMO operations for the account.
CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Scrum Master from Scrum Alliance
Certified Scrum Product Owner from Scrum Alliance

Managed and worked on projects based on the below technologies.
Platforms : MS-DOS, Windows 9x/NT, Mainframe DB2, IMS.
Reporting Tools : CRYSTAL Reports, Cognos, Microstrategy,
RDBMS : Sybase, ORACLE 8i, MS –Access, DB2
GUI Tools : VB 6, VB.Net, ASP.Net, COM, ASP, VB Scripts, XML, HTML, MF-COBOL, JCL, PL-SQL
Tools : Endevor, Xpediter, File-Aid, Rational Rose 98, Erwin Data Model, TOAD, JIRA,
Issuenet
Project Management : MS Project, Clarity, Project Server, Rally, JIRA, Confluence
Hardware : IBM/Dell/HP Compatible Client-Server Machines & Stand Alone systems
Configuration Management : SharePoint,VSS, PVCS, JIRA
Testing Tools : QC 11.5

Education:
Education Level
Educational Institution
Discipline / Major
Master of Commerce
Karnataka State Open University
Advance Banking & International Trade
Bachelor Degree of Commerce
Bangalore University
Factory Administration & Costing
Certificate in Computing
Indira Gandhi National Open University
Computer Science
Post Graduate Diploma in Systems Management
National Institute of Information & Technology / Bangalore
Computer Science
Certified Scrum Master
Scrum Alliance
Agile / Certificate ID: 000195904
Certified Scrum Product Owner
Scrum Alliance
Scrum Product Owner / Certificate ID: 000195904
Visa Status: Green Card holder

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Syntel Inc Jan 2011 - Aug 2017

Client: AMEX Location: Phoenix – Arizona Role: Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master
Project Duration: Jun 2017 - Aug 2017 - Technology: Java, HTML, JSP, Angular JS, MySQL
Tools - MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, Clarity, JIRA, Confluence

Big Data Infrastructure Team
IMDP Big Data Automation project is for the automation of the provisioning of the new Infrastructure team for Big Data portfolio within American Express. Migration from Stack IQ / Salt to Satellite / Puppet - Configuration Management.

Agile Project Management - Agile Ceremonies - conduct Daily Standups, work with product owner to maintain the Backlog and conduct backlog grooming sessions. Perform / facilitate Sprint Planning sessions and task updates for the prioritized stories. Conduct the Show & Tell session at the end of each sprint. Retrospective sessions are conducted to review the learnings, identify the best practices which can be implemented in the upcoming sprints.
Manage multiple stake holders expectations, co-ordinating respective tech teams, attending scrum of scrum to manage other impacted tech teams activities for Satellite-Puppet migration project.

Client: AMEX Location: Phoenix – Arizona Role: Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master
Project Duration: Aug 2016 – Apr 2017 Technology: Mainframe, Java, DB2, Hive
Tools - MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, Clarity, Rally

Data Partnership - A partnership between the Registered Card ecosystem and the strategic partner(s) outside American Express (AmEx) to enable AmEx to share select / filtered transaction data in a secure environment with the partner to enable their loyalty programs.
Agile Project Management - Agile Ceremonies - conduct Daily Standups, work with product owner to maintain the Backlog and conduct backlog grooming sessions. Conduct envisioning sessions with Architect team. Perform / facilitate Sprint Planning sessions and task updates for the prioritized stories. Conduct the Show & Tell session at the end of each sprint. Retrospective sessions are conducted to review the learnings, identify the best practices which can be implemented in the upcoming sprints. Also facilitated the Big Room sessions.
Manage Multiple Projects, Stake Holder Expectations, Governance Board activities. Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions, Risk/Issue Management & Contingency Plan, Test Management
Organize and coordinate complex releases that comprise of cross-functional teams and a multitude of interrelated and independent application and/or infrastructure changes
Work with delivery and development groups to coordinate release schedules and be responsible for executing the releases based on the plan.
Manage Portfolio level funding, Reporting Status to stake holders, facilitate business discussions over project funds, Vendor Management.
Co-ordinate with testing teams for data setup, manage e2e test cycle, participate in UAT execution & Post production validation.

Role: Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master / Program Manager
Project Duration: Jan 2011 – Aug 2016
Technology: Dot Net, PL/SQL, Oracle, Microstrategy, ETL, Infomatica, Omniture, Cognos Reports, QTP
Tools - MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, Clarity, Rally
Responsible for implementing projects and programs under Membership Rewards in a leading global financial service company. LoyaltyEdge is a program under MR which helps organizations to design, build and manage a comprehensive, scalable loyalty solution that serves all customers regardless of payment type.
Agile Project Management / Conduct Agile Ceremonies like Daily Standups, Backlog grooming, Sprint Planning, Show & Tell, Retrospective.
Manage Multiple Projects, Stake Holder Expectations, Governance Board activities. Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions, Risk/Issue Management & Contingency Plan, Test Management, Post Implementation Support.
Production Support, Technical Solution, Code and Database design review, preparing test cases / participate in testing. Raise issues in JIRA / Issuenet and track them to their closure.
Manage e2e test cycle management. Engage impacted teams for testing. Publish test report and defect management. Prepare UAT test cases, test execution and post production validation along with business team. Participated in Pen testing.
Organize, plan, direct, track and coordinate activities for building and launching multiple parallel software and service releases through a series of non-production platforms, ultimately leading to a production environment implementation. The role involves working, coordinating, influencing, leading and interfacing with multiple development teams and functions to deliver high quality releases on time managing all risks and challenges along the way.
Organize and coordinate complex releases that comprise of cross-functional teams and a multitude of interrelated and independent application and/or infrastructure changes
Work with delivery and development groups to coordinate release schedules and be responsible for executing the releases based on the plan.
Manage Portfolio level funding, reporting Status to Business VPs, facilitate business discussions over project funds, Vendor Management.
Lead business partners in due diligence of existing issues, provide business solutions by understanding the key issues in Loyalty Points Related Projects.
Customer escalation point and the “TO GO” person on the floor

Mphasis Corporation Apr 2000 - Jan 2011

Client: BCBS/Wellmark Role: Delivery Project Manager Location: Des Moines - Iowa
Project Duration: Dec 2009 – Jan 2011 Technology: Dot Net, PL/SQL, Oracle, Crystal Reports, Mainframe – JCL, CICS, Cobol, Sybase. Tools - MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio

Responsible for Implementing Projects Health Care Association Requirements
Production Support, Review Code / Test conditions, Execute Test Conditions, Upload results into QTP, Raise issues in JIRA / PVCS tool, track them to the closure. Responsible for code release activities.
Manage Multiple Projects, Stake Holder Expectations, Governance Board activities. Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions, Risk/Issue Management & Contingency Plan, Test Management, Post Implementation Support.
Organize and coordinate complex releases that comprise of cross-functional teams and a multitude of interrelated and independent application and/or infrastructure changes
Lead our business partners in due diligence of existing issues, provide business solutions by understanding the key issues in Healthcare Reforms.
Customer escalation point, onsite – offshore co-ordination, Monitor SLA’s.

Client: AIG Europe Role: Delivery Project Manager Location: Bangalore - India
Project Duration: Mar 2009 – Nov 2009 Technology: ETL, PL/SQL, Sybase, Cognos, Crystal Reports, Mainframe-JCL, Cobol, CICS, DB2, PVCS, TOAD Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio.

Leading Insurance Company, who has their business across the Globe, Implemented MIS system - European Decision Support & Analysis Tool, supported modules such as Payroll, P&L, Attendance, and MIS. Coordinated & developed strategy to integrate the internal and third party applications into MIS system. This tool was supporting 14 European countries where client had his interest.
PL-SQL Code Review / Unit Testing, Crystal Reports, Production Support. ETL coding and review test strategy. Raise issues in PVCS and track them to the closure.
Manage Multiple Projects, Stake Holder Expectations, Governance Board activities. Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions, Risk/Issue Management & Contingency Plan, Test Management, Post Implementation Support.
Organize and coordinate complex releases that comprise of cross-functional teams and a multitude of interrelated and independent application and/or infrastructure changes
Assist teams with creation and tracking of schedules, and release operations for software release projects.
Work with delivery and development groups to coordinate release schedules and be responsible for executing the releases based on the plan.
Provide input to defining and establishing release processes and schedules.
Analyze large set of data using PL/SQL and Oracle and in turn indentify business rules and analyze the reporting requirements using TOAD.
Ensure resource (people and technology) requirements in support of a release are met
Ensure risk mitigation practices are in place (i.e. back out/contingency planning, etc…)
Ensure existing change management process requirements are met
Provide on-going written and verbal release status updates to various levels of the organization
Uses post release reviews to improve and provide input into adjusting the release management process
Collaborated with Senior IT leadership to evolve and maintain an effective Release infrastructure, validate disaster recovery capabilities, and ensure compliance with release-to-production SLA*s.
Proactively recommended process, methodology, and tool improvements based on industry best practices.

Client: AIG Role: IT Project Lead / Onsite Co-ordinator Location: New Jersey – USA / Dublin - Ireland
Project Duration: Dec 2005 – Feb 2009 Technology: Visual Basic, PL/SQL, Sybase, Cognos, Crystal Reports, Mainframe-JCL, COBOL, CICS, DB2, PVCS, TOAD Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, PVCS.

Leading insurance company had developed an application Finance & Accounting System to address the needs Front End Underwriting / Claims to backend Accounting, Corporate and other systems. As the Business needs keep changing and these changes were grouped together and addressed as projects. This application was implemented in 14 European Regions where localization and local statutory needs were different. These were also addressed through the projects
Production Support, New Module Design and develop, Unit Testing, Participate in SIT & UAT, Configuration / Release the Code, Upload Test results and raise issues in PVCS. Track them to the closure.
Manage Multiple Projects, Stake Holder Expectations, Governance Board activities. Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions, Risk/Issue Management & Contingency Plan, Test Cycle Management, Post Implementation Support.
Organize and coordinate complex releases that comprise of cross-functional teams and a multitude of interrelated and independent application and/or infrastructure changes
Assist teams with creation and tracking of schedules, and release operations for software release projects.
Work with delivery and development groups to coordinate release schedules and be responsible for executing the releases based on the plan.
Track issues that may impact deliverable quality and/or service delivery. Provide proposed solutions, recommendations and/or best practices.
Production Support, Co-ordinate onshore/offshore teams, configuration management.
Conduct kick-off meeting with all stakeholders.
Owns management of overall Project plan, issue log, change management log for the program.
Used UML, MS Visio, MS project etc in the various stages of the project

Client: FedEx – Europe Role: IT Project Lead Location: Bangalore, India
Project Duration: Jun 2002 – Nov 2005 Technology: Visual Basic, PL/SQL, Oracle, MQ, Crystal Reports.
Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, PVCS.

Implemented Enhancement Projects for Air Cargo Billing Application, Localization of Invoice Printing Application and Production Support Management from offshore. These applications were implemented in 10 European Countries & in UK.

Production Support, New Module Design and develop, Unit Testing, Participate in SIT & UAT, Configuration / Release the Code, Upload Test results and raise issues in PVCS. Track them to the closure.
Manage Multiple Projects, Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions, Risk/Issue Management & Contingency Plan, Test Cycle Management, Post Implementation Support.
Configuration & Release management
Obtain and assign appropriate resources to projects, Team status updates, Allocation of tasks to resources, Project Status Reports for Management ensuring the project is on track.
Manage multiple projects ensuring time, scope, and budget are monitored appropriately.
Used UML, MS Visio, MS project etc in the various stages of the project
Received appreciation from Client Services Directors for creating highly productive team in a very short span of time.
Client: Leading Credit Card Company Role: Sr. Software Engineer / Business Analyst
Location: Bangalore, India Project Duration: Aug 2001 – May 2002 Technology: Mainframe – COBOL, JCL, CICS, DB2 Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, PVCS.

A Leading Credit Card Company located in US taken up the project of converting their existing credit card applications to suit the Japanese Market. Project Responsibilities-
JCL – Coding & Testing, CICS & Cobol Coding/ unit testing
Coding Review, Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions.
Co-ordinating SIT/UAT Test Cycles.

Client: CitiBank Role: Software Engineer / Business Analyst Location: Bangalore, India
Project Duration: Feb 2001 – Jun 2001 Technology: MS-Access, Oracle, PL/SQL, Crystal Reports
Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, PVCS.

World’s leading Bank, offices located at US, Europe, Asia took up the project to migrate their data from MS-Access to Oracle. Project Responsibilities
Coding, Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions.
Code Configuration and Code Release Management
Participating SIT/UAT Test Cycles.
Status Reports, Post Implementation Support and QA Activities

Client: ING Role: Software Engineer / Business Analyst Location: Bangalore, India
Project Duration: Apr 2000– Jan 2001 Technology: Visual Basic 5.0, Oracle, PL/SQL, Crystal Reports
Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio, PVCS.

A leading Global Financial Services group and is engaged in the insurance, financial services, corporate and investment banking and asset management businesses in more than 50 countries worldwide. Generic Proposal Builder was developed to help the sales force who is in the market. This application will help to get the quotes online and the completed quotes can be uploaded into the system once they are connected to the corporate network
Coding, Participate in Technical Analysis / Design Discussions.
Prepare Requirement Dcoumentation, design documentation, SIT & UAT test conditions
Review test scenario with tech teams and with business teams
Publish the reports for necessary sign offs
Publish MOMs and Status reports

Premier Computer Consultancy Services Jun 1999 - Mar 2000 Role: Syntel Executive
Location: Bangalore, India Project Duration: Jun 1999 – Mar 2000
Technology: Visual Foxpro, Sybase, Crystal Reports Tools: MS-Project, Word, EXCEL, Visio

A Leading product in the market which Caters to the various requirements of organizations. This includes business areas such as IT, ESI, PF, Loan, Attendance, OT, Bonus, DA Arrears, Weekly Payroll and HR Modules. Involved in redesigning & migrating the application into a new platform

System Requirement, Architecture design and Coding
Publish requirement documentaion and align with respective stake holders
Prepare Test conditions and coordinatate SIT and UAT with the necessary tech and business teams
Participate in Code Review & Quality assurance activities.

Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development & Finance Corporation Apr 1997 - May 1999
Role: Programmer Location: Bangalore, India Project Duration: Apr 1997 – May 1999
Technology: Visual FoxPro, MS-Access, Crystal Reports Tools: MS Word, MS EXCEL

Finance corporation which manages the funds provided by Asian Development Bank. Managed the projects which were implemented in urban local bodies like Water Tax Billing and Collection System which was designed to take care of water tax billing and collection in the Mysore City.

System Requirement, Architecture design and Coding
Work with necessary municipal city corportion stake holders to gather requirement
Deploy the application and provide user training
Publish project status including financials

Karnataka Water Pumps Pvt. Ltd. Aug 1995 - Mar 1997 Role: EDP Incharge Location: Bangalore, India
Project Duration: Aug 1995 – Mar 1997 Technology: Dbase, Clipper, MS-Access, Crystal Reports
Tools: MS Word, MS EXCEL

A Water Pumps Manufacturing Company, manufacturing bore well pumps and gas cylinder, catering to the local and international market. In charge of in-house computer division, Computerized various departments.

Leading a team of 10+ tech team
System Requirement, Architecture design and Coding
Work closely with business stake holders for completion of UAT and procure necessary signoff.
Evaluate new software requirements and recommend to the managing committee for their necessary procurement.
Third Party Vendor Management
Contact this candidate