Successful engineering professional with **+ years of experience in electro-mechanical engineering and leading technical projects in a fast pace development environment with a proven track record. Looking for a project management opportunity. Have ample experience in the Server Group managing multiple projects and managing and tracking key milestones and detailed activities across multiple project disciplines and workstreams. Responsible duties included being the single point of contact for managing the team, project scope, budgeting, and schedule, collecting requirements and managing risks and recommending risk mitigation plans for the industry enabled heatsink assembly solution from end-to-end. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to coordinate/track deliverables, and drive to make sure timelines are met. Collecting requirements from customers and analyzing and issues reported by customers. Conducted post mortem/lessons learned meetings to address what went right and wrong in the program to ensure follow-on programs begin modeling this. Chaired the client/customer project status meetings with responsibilities that included agenda preparation, project tracking worksheets, risks/issues, meeting minutes, and action items. Additionally, keeping management, business leaders, customers, and stakeholders updated on the project status. Driving cost reduction efforts with a positive attitude and data driven testing and validation with quality assurance. Also, implementing the change control process for the organization.

PROGRAM MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES
Project Management Skills Product Road Mapping Excellent Communication Skills (written, verbal) Product Life Cycle Management Cross Functional Teams Industry Experience Leadership Experience Attention to Detail Management Skills BOM-SPEED ECOs Product Management Microsoft Office -Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Operations Teamwork Problem-Solving Risk Management Decision Making Agile Waterfall
TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
ProE CAD/Creo/Windchill GD & T Design for Manufacturing (DFM) Server System Infrastructure (SSI) Specification Tolerance Analysis Sheetmetal Design Injection Molding Design Technical Writing Analytics FMEA
EDUCATION
B. S. Mechanical Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Intel Corporation, DuPont, WA 1997-12/31/2016
SENIOR MECHANICAL DESIGN PROJECT LEAD Mechanical Thermal Team, 2013 – 12/31/2016
Responsible for the design, build, and execution for the server mechanical thermal enabling heatsink components for multiple High Performance Computing (HPC) server processors which enabled the entire industry.
The HPC Xeon Phi mechanical thermal enabling heatsink project was completed and delivered on time and within budget which is forecasted to ship over 25M units over the lifetime of the product.
Technical leader in the Server Group for strategic strategy to grow the business and headcount in Guadalajara. I created and documented the mechanical processes and guidelines utilized by the organization to increase and influence the ramp up time and inspire the new Guadalajara engineers.
Created organization dashboard program template, milestone review template, validation testing matrix, and compatibility part and assembly matrix that is now being used as the standard for the entire group.
Spearheaded first post mortem/lessons learned collaboration meeting. This lessons learned meeting has been adopted by the organization as a requirement to be conducted by every program for accountability.
Published final supplier capability validation report that certifies the supplier can ship enabling component parts to the industry with Intel’s endorsement and accountability.
Traveled to supply chain suppliers in China at key milestones to ensure parts maintained the design manufacturability, materials management and was meeting First Article Inspections (FAI).

SERVER SYSTEM INTEGRATOR HPC SERVER GROUP, 2011 - 2013
Primary focal point for the Data Center Server Group HPC programs and aligning Signal Integrity, Power Delivery, Mechanical and Thermal teams to be on time for the program launch schedule while reporting out any pitfall risks to the directors. Manage multiple projects at one time and building teamwork amongst the cross-functional teams.
HPC integrator providing the early up front collaborative HPC meetings, discussions, analysis among cross-divisions to support the customer reference board and system layouts for the organization.

SERVER SYSTEM MECHANICAL ARCHITECT SERVER GROUP, 2003 - 2011
Primary mechanical lead server rack system architect for enterprise programs as the interface, coordinator, and designer for the Motherboard (MB) layout with collaboration amongst the system thermal, platform architects, planners, cross-divisional internal customers, power and VR engineers, and component engineers to best showcase Intel Server processor SKUs and board for NPI.
Designed, owned and architected 1U and 2U rack system chassis architecture for Enterprise Platform Server Division (EPSD) and the Customer Reference Board (CRB) closed chassis for the Bensley, Thurley and Romley products for EPSD to build a strong system server portfolio.

SENIOR DESIGN ENGINEER CLIENT GROUP, 2000 - 2003
Senior mechanical design engineer for mechanical thermal enabling components for all the 1262 chipset packages. These enabling components include heatsinks, retention mechanisms, and keep out drawings.
Other duties include presentations to other divisions covering thermal cooling capability and retention requirements for chipset enabling components.
Spearheaded and led with several client cross-divisional groups a Chipset Product Life Cycle (PLC) process ratified by Management Review Committee based on strategic thinking.

MECHANICAL DESIGN ENGINEER CLIENT GROUP, 1997 – 2000
Reduced the cost of the Pentium II retention mechanism from board mounting attached screws to an off the shelf plastic fasteners. The cost savings for Intel was over $250M.

PREVIOUS PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Siemens Medical Systems, Mechanical Engineer
AWARDS
Q2 ‘14 DEG Divisional Recognition Award (DRA) - For developing an innovative and low-cost thermo-mechanical solution for SKT-P on KNL Groveport validation platforms (self and leveraged boot) delivering > $1M savings
Q2 ’11 Enterprise vRack prototype for the DEG initiative to develop an enterprise next generation data center rack design
Q3 ’90 PMD DRA Integrated Pentium II Retention Mechanism-Bringing SECC2 to market and implementing a plastic fastener replacement for the metal board mounting hardware driving over $250M cost savings.
Contact this candidate