Languages and Software

Oracle eBusiness Suite, DB2, UDB, MS SQL Server, IMS, Tibco, MQ Series, Windows, Unix, Linix, MVS, HTML, Java, JSP, Java Script, SQL, ESRI ArcGIS, SharePoint, PowerBI, Spotfire, SSRS, MS Office, MS Project, Clarity, Interwoven Teamsite, Projectwise, HP PPM, Jira, Agile, XP, RUP, IE, Waterfall

Education and Certifications

University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management,
Minnesota Executive Program

National Security Agency Defense Intelligence Agency
Certificate, Intelligence Analysis
Certificate, Electronic Warfare

Defense Language Institute - Diploma, Korean language

Brown College –
Computer Programming

United States Marine Corps
E-5 Sergeant
Military Intelligence

Robert Shevik

A Senior Program/Project Management consultant with over 25 years’ project experience in full lifecycle development methodologies, data management, information analysis, modeling, business intelligence, strategic planning, operational planning, and facilitation. Multiple industry experience including: Government, Financial Services, Distribution, Marketing, Hospitality, Professional Services and Architecture & Engineering. Strong team builder that communicates effectively with all levels of an organization.

Experience Synopsis
Senior Program Manager providing work direction to a staff of 60 with budget of $14M.
Managerial responsibility for staff of up to 175 and an annual P&L of $20M.
Change Agent responsible for the implementation and successful adoption of new technologies that may have a disruptive effect on business processes.
PMI member utilizing PMBOK processes and deliverables to consistently meet stakeholder expectations in schedule, quality, and cost.
Frequently responsible for application compliance in support of Federal, State, and Industry Standard regulations such as: GLB, SOX, PCI, Regulation E, ESIGN, CMMI, and more.
As a member of the Business Leadership Team, implemented dozens of projects and programs to meet strategic objectives approved by the Board of Directors.
Managed development and implementation of a web analytics data warehouse and reporting portal for internal and external users.
Represented Wells Fargo on the Minnesota Secretary of State Electronic Recordation Taskforce establishing a standard for property recordation across all MN counties.
Principle Architect of the Federal Reserve Automated Clearinghouse System.

Career Experience
January 2015 to Present, Sagefire, Minneapolis, MN
Client: Digikey Corporation, February 2017 to present
Role: DR/BCP Planner
Conducted initial hardware and software inventories
Produced initial DR/BCP Risk Assessment and gap analysis
Produced initial Dependency Chart for Systems and Services
Provided recommendations on immediate actions and long-term DR/BCP strategy to CIO and Executive committee

Client: Foundation Business Systems, April 2016 to February 2017
Role: Release Manager
Managed scheduled releases of Java based SaaS applications
Facilitated and documented business requirements, use cases.
Provided resource management for the full application development lifecycle
Met or exceeded all expectations in cost, quality, and schedule

Client: RSM US LLP, December 2015 to March 2016
Role: Program Manager
Feasibility study, critical requirements and estimate to establish a cost effective Global Support Desk solution.
Performed Risk Management and Compliance Requirements Analysis
Identified architecture and critical business process requirements
Established budgetary estimate

Client: Short Elliott Hendrickson, Inc., January 2015 to August 2015
Role: Sr. Project Manager
Managed acquisition integration from due diligence through conversion and support for Information Technology, Facilities, Administration, and Records Management.
Facilitated and documented requirements for financial integration. Managed data conversion for the Oracle eBusiness suite.

July 2010 to December 2014, Short Elliott Hendrickson, Inc., St. Paul, MN
Role: Program Manager for the Oracle eBusiness Suite
Managed the major system upgrade from version 11 to version 12
Negotiated vendor licensing, software and hardware acquisition
Managed the regular patch cycle of the Oracle eBusiness Suite ERP system.
Managed the selection and integration of new CRM system (Newforma)
Managed the implementation of the HRMS modules.
Implemented workflow management to improve adoption throughout the organization.
Integrated Fortis Document Management System to support links to electronic images.

2002 to 2010, SEH Technology Solutions, Inc., Minneapolis, MN
Client: DigiKey, Inc., February 2009 to June2012
Role: Program Management Consultant
Managed implementation of an enterprise content management system (Interwoven).
Managed Internationalization and Localization of country specific content.
Integrated translation services to support multi-national offerings
Managed development and implementation of a web analytics data warehouse and reporting portal for internal and external users.

Client: Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, November 2007 to February2009
Role: Program Management Consultant
Coordinated evaluation, recommendation and selection of software to support a clearinghouse for International electronic payments.
Coordinated evaluation recommendation and selection of software to support Application Lifecycle Management.
Coordinated review and implementation of CMMI initiatives.

Client: Ameriprise, February 2007 to November 2007 (Private Bank)
Role: Project Management Consultant
Managed final separation from American Express and the creation of the new Ameriprise Bank including coordination with 3rd party vendor (Fidelity Information Services).
Conducted vendor evaluation and package selection for Anti-Money Laundering regulatory compliance software.
Managed vendor consolidation and single sign-on enablement for on-line BillPay services with CheckFree.

Client: US Bank, August 2004 to December 2006
Role: Project Management Consultant
Development and implementation of Browser-based Knowledge Management solution
Package selection and implementation of Pathlore Learning Management System and integration to the 24 Hour Banking Call Center Siebel system.
Managed hardware and software inventory, acquisition and deployment to support development, test, production, and disaster recovery

Client: Wells Fargo, June 2002 to August 2004
Role: Project Management Consultant
Managed development and implementation of Internet origination of residential mortgages.
Selected development team and provided technical architecture support for development of a combination CRM, management reporting and workflow management tool for Call Centers, Fulfillment and Post Closing personnel and external vendors.
Participated in design of electronic closing and recordation capabilities to reduce cost in the origination pipeline.
Participated in the Minnesota Governor’s Task Force for Electronic Real Estate Recordation.

March 2001 to April 2002, Foundation Business Systems, Inc., St. Paul, MN
Client: US Bank
Role: Project Management Consultant
Managed development and Implementation of Internet origination of consumer banking deposit products (checking, savings and CDs).
Selected development team and provided technical architecture support for development of Online Portfolio Management. A combination CRM, management reporting and workflow management tool for Personal Bankers.

2000 to 2001, Radian Group
Role: General Manager (Supply Chain Management Consultancy)
Drove revenue from $1.5 million to $3.8 million in one year.
Established corporate offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Atlanta, Georgia, and Palo Alto, California.
Increased active client base from one to six.
Increased company staff from nine (9) to twenty-seven (27).
Produced annual budgets, business plan, sales processes and established recruiting procedures.

1999 to 2000, US Bank
Role: Project Management Consultant

1996 to 1999, IntelliMark, Inc.
Role: General Manager, Minneapolis Office for an international IT solutions provider

1994 to 1995, US Bancorp
Role: Consultant to US Bancorp, a large financial institution

1991 to 1993, Federal Reserve System
Role: Technical Architect

1990 to 1991, Carlson Marketing Group
Role: Technical Architect for Carlson Marketing Group
Contact this candidate