NORLIDA (LIDA) ALI-OGG
**** ******* ******* **. *** Albany, OH 43054
614-***-**** acqyiy@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER PROFILE

Scientific Professional with over 20 years of hands-on experience in analytical chemistry, laboratory management and business environments. Able to integrate strengths to maximize outputs from resources. Skilled in achieving cost savings while ensuring high quality levels. Worked throughout career to build reputation of current laboratory as being among the top facilities in the nation for serving the USDA in the pesticide residue experimentation sector. Possesses keen ability to motivate others and foster a desirable work environment for team members. Seeking a Technical Program Manager, Laboratory Manager, Quality Assurance Manager, Project Manager or similar position suited for a professional with a scientific and MBA-based background.

AREAS OF STRENGTH AND EXPERTISE

Standard Operating Procedures
Teamwork & Leadership
Training & Development
Strategic Planning & Analysis
Interpersonal Communication
Emotional Intelligence
Creative Problem Solving
Extraction & Instrumentation
Chromatographic Agilent Systems
Cross-Functional Teamwork
Competency Testing
Project Management
Relationship Building
Supervisory Skills
MS Office Proficient

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Ohio Department of Agriculture
Technical Program Manager, Pesticide Date Program/Chemistry Lab Manager 2011 to Present
Oversee the section's daily technical and administrative activities, resolve related issues for USDA's Pesticide Data Program (PDP) in Ohio. Serve as the key technical liaison between PDP's federal and state levels. Develop and implement new and revised methodologies for analyzing pesticide residues in fruits and vegetables. Directly train and mentor chemists on how to properly conduct analytical activities and operate instrumentations. Lead a team of scientists in validating new pesticides and performing routine analysis on complex chromatographic systems. Review analyst data and ensure that reporting adheres to client standards. Spearhead the achievement and ongoing maintenance of ISO17025 laboratory accreditation since 2010, author, review and revise related policies. Manage a significant portion of approximately $1M in annual federal grant/budget funding to ensure proper use of PDP funds. Monitor and evaluate staff performance. Execute SMART (Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic, Timely) goals to improve productivity, efficiency and morale. Handle payroll and complete Human Resources tasks for supervisees. Offer practical ideas to higher-level management, including solutions for overcoming organizational challenges, driving the improvement of PDP operations and conservation of resources.
Key Accomplishments:
Successfully transitioned PDP operation into a high throughput operation after execution of simplified, one-method extraction for analysis of over 200 pesticides in fruits and vegetables, and utilization of streamlined instrument analysis capable of confirming analytes in one injection per sample, yielded $100K in savings
Resolved degradation issues in certain sensitive analytes (e.g. Naled, Captan) that have posed major issues in residue analysis, presented study results at the National PDP meeting in 2014, solution is now implemented in several PDP laboratories across the United States

Ohio Department of Agriculture
Chemical Hygiene Officer 2012 to Present
Manage and set forth activities of the Chemical Hygiene Plan (CHP) in an effort to maintain compliance with federal and state laws. Write policies for the Consumer Protection Laboratory (CPL)’s chemical inventory and hazardous chemical waste program. Train personnel to handle chemicals relevant to their work duties, instructs trainees regarding safety, chemical hygiene and chemical hazards.
Key Accomplishment:
Developed a training protocol that ensures all new hires are given proper exposure to “Right to Know” Hazard Communication Standards via safety and CHP exercises
Oversee the proper archiving of Safety Data Sheet (SDS) through centralized system.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTINUED

Ohio Department of Agriculture
Laboratory Coordinator Lead/Chemist 4 2001 to 2011
Functioned as key analyst in method development, validation, operation and maintenance of advanced gas chromatographic systems for PDP. Analyzed and reported approximately 1500 fruit and vegetable samples per year for 80-100 pesticides residues. Coordinated day-to-day laboratory activities through utilization of strategic planning, efficient execution of work duties and teamwork. Provided technical guidance through sharing and collaboration of knowledge and experience with analytical chemistry. Trained other analysts on methodologies and instrumentations. Reviewed other analysts’ data. Recommended, investigated, validated and developed new extraction and instrument methodologies in order to increase operational productivity and efficiency.
Key Accomplishments:
Reached advanced proficiencies in operating and maintaining state-of-the-art chromatographic instrumentations with PFPD/FPD/NPD/FID/ECD/MSD/ MS-MS (Triple Quadrupole) detectors and Liquid Chromatography (LC) with MS-MS (Triple Quadrupole) detectors
Established in-house procedures that satisfied International ISO1025 standards, gained international accreditation as a result

Ohio Department of Agriculture
Analytical Chemist 1992 to 2001
Conducted testing activities under the General Chemistry section, assessed levels of protein, fat and moisture in meat and dairy products. Performed extractions, instrument analysis and reporting for hundreds of pesticide residues and other organic compounds in various matrices under Residue Chemistry section for the major part of function. Tested fruit/vegetable, milk, fish and environmental samples submitted due to health-related complaints, completed analysis for the regulatory (e.g. FIFRA) and surveillance (e.g. PDP) programs. Operated, maintained, troubleshot and resolved instrument problems. Reviewed/cross-checked other analysts’ data to ensure compliance with program requirements.
Key Accomplishments:
Conducted and co-authored a research study that was published in the Journal of Food Agricultural and Food Chemistry, "Effect of alcohols on the stability of iprodione in solution" - V. 56 (pp 502-6)
Participated in multiple USEPA workshops as both a student and an instructor
Attended several onsite workshops/trainings and off-site courses with instrument vendors to enhance knowledge of analytical testing and chromatographic instrumentations
Provided expert testimonies in regulatory cases submitted for enforcement purposes

EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS

Master of Business Administration, Business, Ohio Dominican University (4.0 GPA)
Bachelor of Science, Food Science, Ohio State University
Awarded Full-Ride College Scholarship by Malaysian Government

TRAININGS (INSTRUMENTATIONS & APPLICATIONS)

Agilent Advance Course (R1657A) for 6400 Series LC/MS/MS (Durham, NC - 2011)
Agilent GC/MS/MS Operation (Atlanta, GA - 2011)
Agilent GC/MS Techniques for FDA’s Food Emergency Response (Cincinnati, OH - 2005)
Micromass LC/MS/MS Operation and Application (Columbus, OH - 2000)
Agilent LC/MS Fundamentals and Applications in Residue Analysis (Sacramento, CA - 1999)
EPA Region 5 Pesticide Residue Analytical Workshop (Columbus, OH - 2010)
EPA Region 5 Pesticide Residue Analytical Workshop (Columbus, OH - 2004)
EPA Ground Water Workshop (Columbus, OH - 2000)
EPA Region 5 Pesticide Residue Analytical Workshop (Columbus, OH - 1997)
EPA Residue Workshop (Trenton, NJ - 1994)
Contact this candidate