Dear Hiring Manager:

I have the technical skills of an experienced heads down programmer, the ingenuity and resourcefulness of an accomplished creative problem solver, and the soft people skills to work with audiences with a variety of technical backgrounds. Whether you call that ‘Solutions Architect’ or ‘Technical Program Manager’ just call me.

I’ve worked with stakeholders and analysts to craft system designs and associated time/effort estimates. I’ve socialized, evangelized, and materialized the larger technology roadmap. I’ve refined requirements into functional specifications consumable by Dev & QA and then worked with those departments to ensure the vision is faithfully translated to code and performs as advertised.

I am a Developer through and through. I have the technical creds that only come from having written code and a lot of it. I relish getting down into the deepest of details. But I clean up well and will impress you with my PowerPoint presentations and boardroom polish.

I love learning, being challenged and having fun at work. This makes me a pleasure to be around. Currently I am searching for my next engagement where I hope to make use of my skills and experience in a fun, new, challenging way. Let’s talk.

Thank you for reading.

Sincerely,

Don Sutton

Don Sutton, Technical Program Manager

Solution Architect (systems design)
Technical Product Manager
Senior Programmer (C#, VB.NET, javascript, Perl)
AWS Certified (cloud) Solution Architect
Business Intelligence consultant/developer
Database Designer
SQL SQL SQL
Mobile Developer

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Solutions Architect, Synchronoss Technologies Inc. (AT&T, Amazon, Direct TV)
Designed third generation communications activation platform
Wrote smart/configurable Holiday Exception behavior tool
Built small business verification API
Designed DB integrated event campaign email software tool

2010 - 2016
BI Consultant/Developer, 110 Consulting (Microsoft)
Consulted/educated Microsoft marketing departments on streamlining and optimizing data collection/storage best practices
Designed, planned, wrote, and oversaw development of massive time saving data transformer tool that enabled worldwide access to critical revenue based KPIs and metrics
Identified, prioritized, and resolved project/system issues to customer satisfaction
Serviced adhoc reporting/research requests
2007 - 2010
Mobile Developer, Dexterra (Shell, Motorola, Dell, Vodafone, Telstra, Quantas, GM)
Designed, wrote, and delivered mobile applications for wireless devices (PDAs, Smart Phones, tablet PC, laptops) using VB.NET/C # for Windows, RIM, and Symbian operating systems
Designed and coded 2,000 hand mobile/Pocket PC Bluetooth Printing solution
Internationalized .NET/tablet app for distribution in Europe
Conceived and implemented complete (rig) parts/maintenance ruggedized Pocket PC app
Periodically served as customer and employee software/platform instructor
2004 - 2007
Consultant/Developer, Nine Lives Consulting (Event1, TecShack, CerikaCorp, RS Medical)
Architected and coded Diaries.NET, a centralized .NET class library exposing proprietary core business rules, note-taking, editing and storing functionality (RS Medical)
Developed specifications for and wrote a custom integration solution between Timberline, an accounting system and YPS, a HR/payroll system (Event 1)
Designed and coded the VB.NET interfaces and data tier (ADO.NET) for a customer E-Commerce / Inventory / Accounting environment with ASP.NET web access (Tech Shack)
Programmed Visual Basic 6.0, Active X COM objects, ADO 2.5, and MS t-SQL to design and code a system of cost capturing and reporting applications (Cerika Corp.)
2001 - 2004
Systems/Applications Programmer, Shelter Products Inc.
1998 - 2001
Board Member, Students Book Corporation
1996 - 1998
Systems Analyst, College of Veterinary Medicine, Washington State University
1994 - 1998

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Linux
Programming: javascript, VB.NET, C#, t-SQL, Visual Basic, C, C++, Java, Perl, COBOL, VBA
Data/Access: ADO, COM, DCOM, OLE-DB, DAO, ODBC, JDBC, Crystal
Databases: MS SQL Server, Pervasive SQL, Sybase SQL, Access, Oracle, mySQL, noSQL
Business Intelligence: SQL, t-SQL, SQL Server Integrated Services (SSIS), DTS, SQL Server
Reporting Services (SSRS), Excel, VBA, Crystal, etc.2
Amazon Web Services (AWS): IAM, EC2, S3, EFS, EBS, RDS, VPC, SQS, SNS, SES, SWF, etc.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

Washington State University, Pullman WA
Bachelor of Arts, Management Information Systems

Amazon
AWS Certified (cloud) Solutions Architect Associate

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)

COMPANIES FOR WHICH I’VE WRITTEN/DESIGNED/ARCHITECTED SOFTWARE
Contact this candidate