POOJA SHARMA
Sr. Technical Program Manager
Seattle, WA 425-***-**** US Citizen
ad0rgo@r.postjobfree.com Pooja Sharma LinkedIn
SUMMARY
Seasoned professional with 16+ years of
experience in software industry. Proven
track-record of developing, leading, and
executing high-visibility technical
programs that allow businesses to meet
their respective objectives.
As a Technical Program manager, I led
various multi-disciplinary projects from
start to finish with technical expertise. This
included working with stakeholders to
define program goals, objectives,
expected outcomes including planning
requirements, identifying risks, managing
project schedules, and communicating
clearly with cross-functional partners
across the company.
STRENGTHS
TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGEMENT:
Developed roadmaps for project
completion, defined milestones and
success criteria, cross team liaising,
timelines & risks management, along with
consistent communication & program
governance during its lifecycle.
TEAM LEADERSHIP:
Lead cross-functional teams ensuring
clear project specific requirements, &
processes. Acted as mentor to team
members & improved their productivity
and overall team morale.
STRATEGIC PLANNING:
Effective planned & aligned business
goals (both long & short term) with course
of actions, managed risks & associated
solutions, ensuring homogeneity between
the result of the program post-execution
and its original conceptualized purpose.
CORE SKILLS
Project Management I Product Management I Software Engineering I Agile Methodology I Sprint Management I Process Improvement I Leadership Management & Reporting I Ambiguity & Risks Management I Customer Centricity I Employee Engagement
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming language – Java I Data query - SQL Serverless computing - AWS Lambda, Fargate Storage - Dynamo DB, S3 I Messaging – SQS, SNS I Analytics - AWS Glue crawler, Andes registry I Data Warehouse - Redshift cluster I API - API Gateway I UI & Backend Automation Quality Assurance WORK EXPERIENCE
Amazon Inc. Senior Technical Program Manager
Mar 2018 – Jul 2023
Managed multiple programs as Sr. TPM across AWS groups - Amazon Photos and Sustainability with responsibility for managing the lifecycle of complex cross-functional programs with considerable impact. Amazon Inc. Senior Engineer
Jun 2013 – Feb 2018
Sr. Engineer responsible for end-to-end quality delivery and release of product features, development of automation frameworks, automating user interface and backend API use cases, test lead across AWS AppStream, Alexa, and Amazon Kindle teams.
Persistent Systems Inc. Team Lead
May 2008 – Sep 2012
Senior Engineering lead for Desktone’s (VMware) virtualization platform and responsible for testing & automation across monthly & quarterly releases.
IBM India Sr. Engineer
Feb 2007 – Apr 2008
Sr. System Engineer for project involving migrating client to new trading system and setting up client environment.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Electronics
ACHIEVEMENTS
IMPACT:
§ Timely & successful launch of
new Data Core Services (DCS)
for deeper and more holistic
representation of supplier’s
audit data.
§ Launched a standard,
automated evaluation metric
that goes beyond the traffic
light/binary qualification
based on non-conformance
data.
§ Automated data onboarding
for audit providers such as
BSCI, AMA, SLCP.
§ Reduction in data collection
time for a single audit from 4-6
hours to few mins.
§ Onboarded new partners (SR-
WWOps) to Eos which has
approx. 55k supplier audits to
be conducted over next few
years.
§ Programmatic access via
Andes to consolidated data
from multiple data providers
(BSCI, Sedex, AMA, SLCP, etc.)
for further analysis.
§ Real time & consolidated
assessment data reporting,
improving decision making.
§ Secure & scalable data
collection.
§ Reduced manual operations
and improved efficiency by
40% for data onboarding.
§ Implemented Quarterly
planning which improved
team efficiency by 50%.
TECHNOLOGY INVOLVED:
§ Programming language - Java
§ AWS Services
§ Serverless computing - AWS
Lambda
§ Storage -Dynamo DB, S3
§ Messaging - SQS and SNS
§ Analytics - AWS Glue
crawler, Andes registry
§ Data Warehouse - Redshift
cluster
§ API - API Gateway
§ Encryption - KMS
KEY PROGRAMS
AMAZON SUSTAINEBILITY – Eos
Sr. Technical Program Manager Sep 2021 – Jul 2023
Sustainable Supply Chain Tech (SSCT) is building Eos, a collection of supply chain evaluation services that will provide subject matter experts with the tools needed to generate insights about supplier social and environmental performance at scale. The insights will be vended to Amazon decision-makers, like Sourcing and Procurement Managers, so they have the information they need to make more sustainable and socially responsible sourcing choices. Eos include services for Data collectionà Assessmentà Evaluationà Output.
• STL (Single threaded leader) responsible to manage Eos services program vision and delivery.
• Collaborated with stakeholders to define program goals, objectives and success criteria and KPI.
• Developed BRD (business problem definition) for Eos data collection, assessment and evaluation services.
• Developed detailed technical specification document to translate business requirements to engineering technical deliverables.
• Detailed project plan development which includes project milestones, schedule, cross team owners, risks.
• Program management by following Sprint cycles and conducting sprint planning, backlog grooming and retrospective meetings.
• Streamlined and eliminated excess processes via creating unified and predictable process such as quarterly plannings.
• Weekly collaboration with stakeholders and partners via detailed project plan which included project milestones, schedule, cross team owners, risks.
• Project status- Regular status update via bi-weekly & Flash reports to management, partners, and development teams by clear and concise communication of project status (Risks, progress, trade off and success).
• Close collaboration with engineering via stand- up/slack for daily projection execution, risk mitigation and unblocking teams.
• Coordinating with multiple stakeholders (Client partners, Management, Product, Engineering, Data analytics) and explaining program analyses and recommendations.
• Unblocked teams and increased speed of delivery. Negotiated resources and their priorities based on short-term vs. long-term needs. Actively mentored team members and perform tech promo assessments.
• Increased team efficiency by adopting supply chain methodologies like incorporating automation and AI (artificial intelligence).
• Partnered with Security- Infosec and technical teams to complete data classification and security review along with publishing data handling requirements.
• Client partner management by collaborating with partners (SR, WWOps), external data providers (BSCI, Sedex, etc)
• Strategy development with legal and marketing team to define/clarify guidelines for external data providers data usage.
• Change management process definition and documentation.
• Launch reediness doc- Launch reediness document in close collaboration with development team.
ACHIEVEMENTS
IMPACT:
§ 100% of uploaded images
scanning (all supported Photos
formats except RAW) in US
marketplace.
§ CSAM compliant in US
marketplace.
§ 90% Reduction in manual effort to
investigate, manage and resolve
customer appeals and escalations
for CSAM flagged content.
§ Improvement in NCMEC reporting
compliance.
TECHNOLOGY INVOLVED:
§ Programming language - Java
§ AWS Services
§ Serverless computing - AWS
Lambda, Fargate service
§ Storage - Dynamo DB, S3
§ Messaging - SQS and SNS
§ API - API Gateway
§ Image recognition - AWS
Rekognition, Thorn
§ Image scanning - Amazon
Elastic Container Registry
§ Dynamic streaming instance -
AWS AppStream
AMAZON PHOTOS – SAFER (CSAM)
Sr. Technical Program Manager Mar 2020 – Aug 2021
Photos organization has taken up a goal to launch a fully automated capability to detect, moderate, and report Child Sexual Abuse Material
(CSAM) from 100% of qualified US photo uploads (all image formats except RAW) to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children
(NCMEC). This successful launch ensured Amazon can automatically scan for CSAM content within the Photos service for all US uploaded content, perform human review verifying content is CSAM, and report identified CSAM content and information related to the incident to NCMEC as required by law.
§ STL (Single threaded leader) to manage the end-to-end lifecycle of the Safer program via working with full-time dedicated team of engineers, ops, legal, CSAM analysts, and program management.
§ Delivered on a rich vision for the program on partnering with AWS Rekognition and Thorn to build industry leading proactive CSAM detection tooling. These tools to be shared with the CSAM community, giving back, and helping in-advance our collective fight against illegal content and abuse.
§ Sprint management by conducting sprint planning, backlog grooming and retrospective meetings.
§ Unblocked teams and increased speed of delivery. Negotiated resources and their priorities based on short-term vs. long-term needs.
§ Clear and concise communication w.r.t. functional requirements, technical specifications, project requirements & roadmaps, and status reporting.
§ Understood risks and drove technical simplification with focus on quality & speed of delivery.
§ Effectively managed meetings and driven business & technical discussions/alignments.
§ Collaborated with legal and marketing teams on launch strategy and post launch announcement.
§ Partnered with Infosec (Security)and technical teams and update data classification and data handling policies.
§ Client Management by collaborating with multiple partner client teams (Thorn, Accenture).
§ Regular status update to management, partners, and development teams by clear and concise communication of project status (Risks, progress, trade off and success).
ACHIEVEMENTS
IMPACT:
§ Reduced the E2E clustering
latency to 5 secs from 2 hours.
§ Saved annual cost by reducing
annual clustering cycle frequency
reduction (60% -70%) and
potential savings between $1.0
MM - $1.2 MM.
TECHNOLOGY INVOLVED:
§ Programming language - Java
§ AWS Services
§ Serverless computing - Fargate
service
§ Storage - Dynamo DB, S3
§ Messaging - SQS and SNS
§ API- API Gateway
§ Image recognition - AWS
Rekognition.
§ Machine Learning -
Agglomerative clustering.
AMAZON PHOTOS – FACE CLASSIFICATION
Sr. Technical Program Manager Jun 2019 – Aug 2021
Amazon Photos Computer Vision (APCV) team has built Photos Face Classification service. This service allows recent photo uploads to group the people identified into an existing person cluster without requiring the account to go through complete face clustering flow. Earlier, the P90 latency from when a customer uploads a photo to when the image becomes available in 'People View' is 2 hours.
§ STL (Single threaded leader) to manage the end-to-end lifecycle for development and launch of the Face classification program.
§ Understood risks and drove technical simplification with focus on quality & speed of delivery.
§ Effectively managed meetings and driven business & technical discussions/alignments.
§ Initiated beta survey with Photo’s external customers, to ensure quality and incorporate feedback.
§ Collaborated with Infosec security and technical team and updated data classification and data handling policies.
§ Conducted launch readiness review with engineering and leadership and successfully coordinated all post-launch tasks.
§ Managed game day testing to calibrate real time performance for the services.
§ Unblocked teams and increased speed of delivery. Negotiated resources and their priorities based on short-term vs. long-term needs. Actively mentored team members and perform tech promo assessments.
§ Understood risks and drove technical simplification with focus on quality & speed of delivery.
ACHIEVEMENTS
IMPACT:
§ Reduced the complexity in
Amazon products.
§ Improved retention of non-prime
customers from 39% to 62%.
§ Improved customer conversion
from non-prime to prime.
TECHNOLOGY INVOLVED:
§ Programming language - Java
§ AWS Services
§ Serverless computing - Fargate
service
§ Storage - Dynamo DB, S3
§ Messaging- SQS and SNS
§ API - API Gateway
§ Image recognition - AWS
Rekognition.
AMAZON PHOTOS – PRIME PARITY
Sr. Technical Program Manager Mar 2018 – Nov 2019
Earlier, non-Prime customers were not eligible for Prime features, such as People, Places, Things, Search, Memories, etc. Amazon planned to enable all Prime features, except Unlimited Storage and Family Vault, for these customers, improving their experience with Amazon Photos.
§ Independently delivered on business problem by defining program strategy and technology solution.
§ STL (Single threaded leader) managed the lifecycle of the program via working with 8+ client, services, legal, marketing teams.
§ Unblocked teams and increased speed of delivery. Negotiated resources and their priorities based on short-term vs. long-term needs, by delivering project plan on a phase approach.
§ Effectively managed meetings and driven business & technical discussions/alignments.
§ Clear and concise communication w.r.t. functional requirements, technical specifications, project requirements & roadmaps, and status reporting.
§ Collaborated with legal and marketing teams beyond software development on launch strategy/communication (Image recognition and customer address issues).
§ Collaborated with Infosec security and technical team and updated data classification and data handling policies.
Contact this candidate