KEN RITCHIE, Senior Lean-Agile Coach & Manager
“I build relationships—and world class agile teams of teams—by learning, sharing, and serving.”

“Jump on Ken's interest! I worked with him at TogetherSoft - he's *awesome* - genius, generous, and cheerful!” --Melanie Stecker, Corporate Program Manager, Red Hat

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY – I communicate, collaborate, and contribute as an enabler, supporter, and amplifier of the efforts of others. Together, we improve and create more value!
Lean-Agile Coach, Scrum Master, Team Trainer and Consultant (20 years). Helping people work better together to solve business and technical problems systematically, while creating sustainable teams with improving performance and measurable investment returns.

Certifications: SAFe SPC, ICAgile ICP-ACC (Coach), CSM, CSPO, PMI-ACP, PMP, Org Mindset Lean-Agile Enterprise Coach, Team Kanban Practitioner (TKP), Six Sigma Green Belt. Veteran, USAF Communications Systems Maintenance Officer.

Specialties: Agile SDLC assessment, training, leadership, digital transformation. Scrum. Kanban. Lean Pull Thinking. Feature Driven Development (FDD). Parametric estimation, planning, tracking, risk management. Business domain object modeling. UML. Agile requirements management. IV&V + QA. Enterprise architecture & data integration. Legacy integration/migration, ETL, VLDB. SAFe, LeSS, Scrum@Scale. DoD and US OMB Agile Modular Development. SRE, high reliability, high availability, high security systems engineering and assurance, testing, verification & validation.

Experienced in rescuing struggling projects by guiding contributors through whole-team inspection & adaptation for empirical transparency and early delivery of business value.
Servant leader with a substantial record of effective solutions, pragmatic projects, delivered value, satisfied customers and appreciative colleagues.

Proven contributor, collaborator, communicator, and developer of people. Agile SME and facilitator of teams building large, complex and distributed systems. Leading by example, sharing knowledge and lessons learned for continuous improvement.

Two prior decades of hands-on, technical innovation and benchmarks in hardware and software systems engineering, development, integration, delivery and support.
US DoD (USAF, US Army, Pentagon) and US government (NASA, FAA) experience.

Co-Organizer of the Scaling Agile Atlanta and Alpharetta Agile Meetup groups.

O’Reilly Technical Editor, Enterprise Agility for Dummies (2018, Doug Rose)

Acknowledged, Agile Management for Software Engineering (2004, David J. Anderson)

I began applying and promoting agile methods in 1993 (with Peter Coad, Jon Kern, et al)
I’m still learning, sharing, and serving…

Agile SME history, serving teams and their leaders for over 20 years...
@ TogetherSoft/Borland, Global Professional Services 2000-2001
@ Sprint PCS.com, Enterprise agility at scale (FDD) 2001-2002
@ Capital One Finance, Fraud Technologies 2002-2003
@ Process Exchange, Software Process Improvement 2003-2006
@ BearingPoint/Deloitte, Global Development Center 2007-2008
@ NASA IV&V, Agile Modeling, Validation & Verification 2008-2011
@ Capital One, Enterprise Digital Transformation 2012-2013
@ Walmart (.com & .ca), Canada Portfolio PMO and Teams 2013
@ US Army, Reserve Component Automation, IMS Teams 2013
@ Cox Automotive, Customer Master Data 2015-2016
@ GE Power, PowerMax ERP (SAP) Agile Pilot 2016
@ ADP, Global Enterprise Technology & Solutions, 2017-2020
@ Merck, US Human Health Marketing Agile CoE, 2020-2023

“Ken has many great attributes that make him perfectly suited to leading/mentoring teams.” --Jon Kern, Co-author, Manifesto for Agile Software Development

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

NORTH HIGHLAND (consulting co) September 2020 – August 2023
Agile Coach, Merck Oncology Launch Excellence, Agile CoE 1/2022 – 6/2023
Coached Scrum Masters, Team Members, and Product Owners of Agile Digital Teams (ADTs) engaged in launching new product campaigns for pharmaceuticals in Oncology.
In close collaboration with a Scrum Master and a Product Owner, launched and coached a new ADT that subsequently evolved and progressed faster than any prior team in their department.
Led and co-facilitated the 2022 Professional Scrum Master II Workshop for rising Scrum Masters at Merck to prepare for and pass their Scrum.org certification exams.
Served as interim Scrum Master for several SMs while they were away on leave.
Scrum Master and Scrum-of-Scrums Master, NH internal 9/2021 – 4/2023
Served as Scrum Master to the NH Knowledge Sharing Advisory Team of executives, and concurrently as Scrum-of-Scrums Master to the Knowledge Sharing Group of Teams within North Highland’s internal Enterprise Business Agility Program using Scrum@Scale across the enterprise.
Regular participant and rotating facilitator in 3 North Highland Communities of Practice: NH Scrum Master CoP, NH Agile Coaching CoP, and the NH@Merck Agile CoP.
Interviewed dozens of candidates for Agile Coach and Scrum Master roles with North Highland.
Agile Coach, Merck US Human Health, Marketing, Agile CoE 9/2020 – 10/2021
Coached Scrum Masters, Team Members, and Product Owners of Digital Engagement Teams (DETs) who were developing sustaining pharmaceutical product campaigns.
Collaborated with other coaches and Agile CoE program leadership to develop and deliver best practices documents, facilitate training and workshop experiences for Scrum Masters and Team Members, and provide agile subject matter expertise to the Merck Agile CoE.
Co-authored components of the client’s Scrum Master Toolkit to communicate and support the Agile CoE point of view, thereby enabling teams to align, improve and mature in their agile ways of working (WoW).
Also handled Jira Project Administration tasks on teams for whom I served as Agile Coach.

ADP (Automatic Data Processing, Inc.) February 2017 – August 2020
Enterprise Agile Coach, Global Enterprise Tech & Solutions (GETS) 4/2019 – 8/2020
Coached the “Site Reliability Engineering” (SRE) Chapter, a collection of 21 teams.
Developed numerous agile workshops and facilitated training events for Product Owners, Scrum Masters, and Team Members across the Global Enterprise Technology & Solutions (GETS) organization, 2000+ members across 200+ teams (80% Scrum, 20% Kanban) using SAFe to synchronize quarterly Program Increment planning and reviews among Release Trains.
Co-authored and delivered “Fun Retrospectives Workshop”, “User Story Estimation”, “Authoring High Quality User Stories”, “Mastering Your Craft for Product & Recipe Owners”, “Mastering Your Craft for Scrum Masters”, and “Agile Leadership Workshop.”
Mentored rising Scrum Masters, emerging Release Train Engineers (RTE), and their Communities of Practice.
Contributed to development of the GETS agile coaches’ “Team Agility Assessment” and conducted assessment interviews with dozens of Product Owners and Scrum Masters.
Key member and contributor of the ADP Agile Center of Excellence (CoE) 2020 definition and re-launch team.
Senior Scrum Master, Electronic Sales Operations (4 Teams) 2/2017 – 3/2019
Launched the “Canada Northern Lights” Scrum Team, serving as full time Scrum Master. This team raised the bar for exemplary performance. Mentored the “MAS Moonwalkers” Scrum Team. Provided Scrum Master support to two other collaborating ESO teams.
Facilitated the ESO/CPQ (Oracle Big Machines) development community Scrum of Scrums and several other team-of-teams events, (integration scrums, configuration coordination scrums) supporting their PI/release planning, execution, and continuous improvement.
Guided the ESO teams’ planning and tracking use of Rally Software (CA Agile Central).
Hosted the “Scrum Master Guild” as an open support forum across ADP communities.
Coauthor of Agile pages on GPT Academy, for ADP Global Products & Technology.
As a Scrum Master, invited to join the ADP-wide, cross-BU “Agile Coach Community.”
Promoted to Enterprise Agile Coach.

GE POWER via Accenture and Connexions Data, Inc. May 2016 – October 2016
Agile Business Transformation Coach, GE PowerMax ERP (SAP) Greenville R1 Pilot

My challenge was to formulate an approach and bootstrap the GE Power group so GE/Alstom PowerMax ERP Delivery teams could transition SAP Delivery practices from waterfall to agile.

Introduced Scrum Type C – scaled to multiple, distributed global teams working concurrently in parallel-pipelined Sprints to build digital ERP solutions delivered incrementally through a series of Release Trains. Coaching in a "gray badge" shop engaging multiple vendors (GE, Capgemini, Accenture, and others) around the globe, including India, Switzerland, Czechoslovakia, Ireland, and several US states with delivery leadership in Atlanta.

Served as founding architect of their JIRA Agile implementation, designed to operationalize Planning, Execution, and Tracking for all PMx Deployments. We did so by encapsulating the SAP Delivery workflow that embraces a heterogeneous blend of WRICEF and other Business Story types with adaptive technical sub-tasking. Thus, all active Sprints and artifacts coexist and are presented collectively on a unified Scrum board while allowing teams flexibility in technical approaches and solution-specific sub-tasks, adding Kanban boards for alternate perspectives.

Defined and authored Agile governance patterns and facilitated global, release-wide daily Meta-Scrums, guiding each of the teams-of-teams (multi-squads) through their Scrum events -- Backlog Refinement, Release Planning, Sprint Planning 1 & 2, Sprint Reviews, and Retrospectives. Results: Our release-wide, global Meta-Scrum was so effective, combined with improved daily inter-team collaboration, we superseded our initial Scrum-of-Scrums cadence.

I concluded my engagement by authoring operating guides while mentoring key GE PMO and Technical Delivery team members to promote "knowledge transfer" among teams and pull the now-expanding scope of agile operations into other GE Power programs and related projects.

COX AUTOMOTIVE via Veredus Corp (now Hays) October 2015 – February 2016
Iteration Manager (Scrum Master and Release Train Engineer, multiple teams)
Guided three dev teams: MDM Hub, ETL, and EDI. Managed Iterations. Scheduled Deployments (multiple releases per month). Facilitated Daily Standups, Scrum of Scrums, Planning, Reviews, and Retrospectives in a shop of 3 dozen team members & collaborators.
Managed Scrum and Kanban boards (as Mingle administrator). Tracked day-to-day WIP, iterations, impediments, and release train schedules for deployment staging and releases.
Reorganized Development teams to adopt QA/Test staff as embedded Team members.
Developed and maintained a Shop Cadence Calendar for Release Planning and Staging.
Facilitated inspect-and-adapt experiments and retrospectives for improved effectiveness.
With Program Management team, introduced business-driven priorities to order backlog.
Demonstrated and promoted agile principles & practices to enable agile transformation.
Organized and coordinated the teams' Release events (deploying to Production).

CLASSMAKER IS November 2013 – September 2015
Owner / Consulting Agile Coach and Trainer
Contract assignments for agile coaching, training, assessment, and advisory roles. Delivering Lean-Agile Leadership Workshops, Agile for Managers, Agile Whole Team Training, Agile PMO/COE Leadership, Agile Requirements and Story Writing, TDD and ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development), Release Planning, Retrospectives, and agile process assessments. Clients included Cisco, CarMax, Duke Energy, NASA Langley Research Center (LaRC), Pivotal (via Prognosive), TSYS (via LeanDog).
Formal “big data” training (train-the-trainer) in Pivotal HD (Hadoop), HAWQ DBA, GemFire Admin and Developer courses at Pivotal/EMC.
Contributing editor and S2EDU Github committer on Pivotal GemFire and HAWQ DBA courseware builds, using PostgreSQL, pgAdmin III, and VMware racks and clouds.
Pilot participant in ThoughtWorks 2-day “Monitor Driven Development” hands on workshop using Puppet, Chef, Nagios, Apache Tomcat, Oracle VM VirtualBox, Vagrant.
USAF Cyber Defense: Configured IBM Smart Cloud Control Desk (SCCD) for configuration change management, WebSphere MQ and DB2 servers hosted on Linux VMs running IBM Tivoli Netcool/OMNIbus cyber security applications for USAF Global Information Grid, in USAF 26NOS Enterprise Network Applications Team (active DOD SECRET) substituting for team member on leave at Maxwell/Gunter AFB. Last person to join the team, yet *first* one cleared (due to prior TOP SECRET clearances on file with DISCO).

PMI Atlanta, Agile CoP February 2012 – December 2014
Volunteer Board Member. Agile Coach, Speaker Coordinator, Board Member at Large.
Served as agile coach and facilitator in the all-volunteer board. Former Speaker Coordinator. Agile Local Interest Group (LIG), PMI Atlanta Chapter. Volunteer emeritus, as available.

LEADING AGILE January 2013 – October 2013
Enterprise Agile Coach
Coached 3 Information Management Systems (IMS) development teams through forming, storming, and norming while transitioning them from waterfall to L-3 Agile Scrum Enterprise (LASER) in the US Army Reserve Component Automation program
Co-authored the two-day (plus) L3 LASER Agile Software Engineering Training courseware for hands-on developers and testers in the US Army Reserve Component Automation program, with emphasis on collaboration and pairing, achieving quality through simplicity, applying “SOLID” design and Design Patterns (MVC, GoF), Clean Code, continuous refactoring, technical debt reduction, test automation, test driven development (TDD, BDD, ATDD), continuous integration (build automation) and deployment staging (CI/CD)
Coached Agile Managers and Delivery Teams for Walmart.com and Walmart.ca Global e-Commerce, Canada Portfolio, guided PMO in establishing Scrum of Scrums among interdependent teams, and orchestrating agile change management throughout the program.
Trained 50 new hires in all-day Agile Orientation classes with team exercises, coached team members on story writing, backlog refinement, estimation, release planning, sprint planning, sprint reviews, and retrospectives.
Consistently earned 4’s and 5's (and a few 6's) on instructor evaluation scale of 1-5.
Co-authored and co-presented a well-received "Agile for the rest of us" introduction, tailored to operations staff (not developers) in catalog and web content management teams for Walmart.ca (Canada)
Co-authored improvements to Leading Agile story-writing courseware (“How to Write Better User Stories”) now in use by other coaches

CAPITAL ONE FINANCE via ELIASSEN GROUP October 2012 – January 2013
Agile Coach/Trainer, Enterprise Digital Transformation Office
Assigned to Enterprise Digital Transformation Office, Capital One Finance
Trained 300 Agile Team Members, along with Product Owners, ScrumMasters, leaders, and support staff
Served as Lead Agile Trainer for Capital One Enterprise Transformation PMO
Contributed to development and continuous improvement of training materials
Coached 2 product development teams, each with a Scrum Master and a Product Owner
Co-authored an Enterprise Agile Maturity Assessment Matrix based on observable practices, for tracking evidence of organizational and team improvements (published by Eliassen)

NASA IV&V via KEYLOGIC SYSTEMS August 2008 – October 2011
Senior Systems/Software Engineer and Agile Process Lead, NASA IV&V

Agile Leadership Team: Defined, documented, promoted agile practices for IV&V.
IV&V Analyst on 3 science missions: GPM, MMS, and Mars Science Lab (MSL).
Agile Process Tiger Team Lead, chartered by SRMV Management Working Group to define agile practices for IV&V, publish Agile FAQ, and serve as Agile SMEs to IV&V teams.
Developed & presented Agile Concepts briefings for IV&V workshops & training.
Collaborative thought leader for UML "System Goal Mapping" process evolution.
Validation Modeling Lead and POC for Global Precipitation Measurement (GPM) project.
Validation Lead for Magnetospheric Multi-Scale (MMS) project, built MMS System Reference Models for IV&V, applying UML and Space Systems Engineering best practices.
Launched & facilitated cross-functional modeling team for Constellation Domain Analysis (CxDA) Reference Definition, manned Exploration Systems Mission Directorate (ESMD).
Standing Member: Modeling Standards Working Group & Reuse Working Group.
Requirements Validation, Test Analysis, Code Analysis, Implementation Verification, and Issue Resolution, using our agile, backlog driven, iterative & incremental inspection process.
Performed static analysis of spacecraft flight software 'C' source code, discovered, documented, analyzed, and reported issues in MSL "Curiosity" Rover FSW (before launch).
SME for Motor Industry Software Reliability Association MISRA C & JPL FSW standards.
Built time-saving tools in Python, AWK, Bash, on SunOS UNIX to manage analysis data.
Poster author & presenter, at 2011 NASA IV&V Workshop (international) with JAXA, ESA.
One of 15 named recipients, NASA IV&V Director's 2010 SPECIAL ACT AWARD “for exemplary teamwork, for dedication to IV&V excellence and taking IV&V to the next level resulting in outstanding engineering work on MSL.” (Mars Science Laboratory, Curiosity Rover)

THE PORT NETWORK via TEKsystems June 2008 to July 2008
Development Project Manager, ThePort Network

Migrated Product Management road map onto VersionOne V1: Agile Enterprise, to establish a Product Backlog for ThePort Network, Social Media Solutions. Introduced agile practices, facilitating improved communication in the organization, beginning with Product Management and Engineering, then QA, Client Services and Support. Quickly established positive rapport with others in this startup organization, winning their trust and appreciation.

DBA Ken ‘classmaker’ Ritchie April 2008 to May 2008
Agile Project Mentor

Advisory Consultant. Agile coaching at Nationwide Insurance, Pillar Technology Group.

DELOITTE (was BearingPoint) Hattiesburg Global Delivery Center Feb 2007 to Mar 2008
Core Training Program Architect and Chief Instructor, HGDC
Planned, created and delivered (assisted by 22 SME instructors) a formal Core Training Program for Application Developers at HGDC (near-shore). Personally coached 33 new hires in 2 quarters (18 summer, 15 winter), working in teams of 3 to 4 each, from project startup, through 8 iterations/sprints, retrospectives, and project close out. This was an intense, full-time, fast-paced training/challenge project in which each team designed and built a working e-commerce web site, beginning from vague requirements, while also learning CMMI Level 3 compliant shop processes and collaborative agile disciplines, with continuous builds and weekly progress reviews and demonstrations of working software. Standard tools included JIRA, XPlanner, Subversion, Ant, Luntbuild, JSP, Servlets, Apache Tomcat, Struts, Hibernate, Oracle, SQLServer, Eclipse, Checkstyle, JUnit, Enterprise Architect, CodeCollaborator, and Vignette Business Collaboration Server (CMS).
Introduced agile requirements development, problem domain modeling, Feature Driven Development (FDD), Test Driven Development (TDD), iterative and incremental modular development, applying architectural patterns (MVC and many from GoF: Gang of Four).
Served as Chief Instructor, certifying each graduate at completion. All graduates (both quarters) were drafted by production teams in the Java, C# .NET, SAP, and Oracle Practice Areas.
Personally taught 25-30% of the curriculum. Recruited and mentored 22 contributing/visiting Subject Matter Experts (SME) to share their expertise as instructors and consultants.
Served as BearingPoint Performance Manager for 18 new hires, guiding them through their first annual Performance Management goal-setting and self-assessment process.
Participated in professional community outreach programs and campus recruiting.
Served as Guest Lecturer in Software Engineering at Louisiana State University (LSU), Baton Rouge, for a senior-level Software Engineering Course (CS4330, Dr. Branton).
Collaborated with QA division manager to develop and apply training effectiveness metrics via anonymized pre+post testing.
“The summer 2007 core training program was, by far, the most successfully delivered on-boarding training program...to date.” –HGDC Sr. Manager, QA, Training, Process, and Architecture

Project Turnaround Manager and ScrumMaster-Coach
Introduced agile development disciplines and Scrum self-organizing practices to “rescue” a failing $10MM strategic project to build a platform for 6,000 consultants in BearingPoint's world-leading Enterprise Global Risk and Compliance Solutions (EGRCS) practice. Project at cancellation risk after 2 restarts and 2 Technical PMs gone, with team turnover 400% (sic).
Served as Agile Coach and ScrumMaster, an unprecedented approach to leading that project's team. Coached 9 experts (1 architect, 6 developers, 2 testers, on MS SharePoint, C# ASP .NET) to successful project turn-around in 3 months. Introduced daily standups and burn-down charting, weekly status reviews with metrics and demo's. Created an Agile Project Scorecard to document the transformation. Collaborated with visiting EGRCS Engagement Team stakeholders to prioritize features and plan releases. Team produced frequent, tangible working results! Project earned new funding! Team turnover down to 15%! (Context: Overall HGDC center-wide turnover was a single-digit percentage.)
Introduced parametric estimation (QSM SLIM, Larry Putnam) and Monte Carlo simulation (Riskology modeling, DeMarco & Lister) to size and plan agile restart using MSFT-India’s architectural Function Point estimates and HGDC’s own empirical productivity metrics.
On-boarded and coached the sustaining PM/ScrumMaster for 2008.
Project Outcome: with 11+ person years invested in just under a year from agile restart, the HGDC team finished in 2008 within 2 weeks of the forecasted most-probable completion date provided by Ken’s 2007 risk analysis and Monte Carlo simulation for EGRCS turnaround.
“Ken's biggest contribution to the project has been to make the Engagement Team [ET] have realistic expectations about the project, and keep the developers isolated from project-management issues. An equally important contribution was the agile-process Ken introduced...keeping the development team [DT] on track with high morale and yet have the ET participate in the process. Ken's biggest strength has been to see patterns in project management where other people only see an isolated instance that ultimately helps everybody.” –HGDC Technical Lead, .NET Integration
JBOSS Division of REDHAT July 2006 to January 2007
Systems Engineer/Evangelist, Middleware Sales

Systems Engineer/Evangelist, Pre-Sales Consulting. Participated in pre-sales consulting process for the JBoss Enterprise Middleware Suite (JEMS), while learning more of Sun Java and J2EE technologies (JMS, JSP, JSF, and EJB) and getting advanced training on the JBoss Enterprise Middleware products, JBoss Application Server, JBoss Business Process Manager, JBoss Rules, JBoss Seam, JBoss Operations Network (performance).

PROCESS EXCHANGE October 2003 to January 2006
Senior Process Mentor and Chief SDLC Architect

Agile thought leader in Business Process Management (BPM), Workflow Automation, Software Process Improvement (SPI), Feature Driven Development (FDD), Unified Modeling Language (UML), Model Driven Architecture (MDA).
Chief Architect for Process Exchange @ Kaiser Permanente for the “EMC2” Enterprise Middleware Modernization Project. Started with initial exploration and definition of technical approach, through proof of concept, and full development through Stage II rollout. Served as principal architect and modeler, working with business and technical SMEs, elicited requirements, built process models and domain object models in UML. Defined specific approach to establish an Enterprise Collaboration Architecture (ECA) and foundations for a build-up of Model-Driven Architecture (MDA) to address current and anticipated integrations between medical application endpoint systems, using HL7 messaging (near term) and web service integration (long term) while allowing for emergent Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) architecture and, ultimately, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) for KP Health Connect®, the nation's largest EMR system.
Invented a UML template-based middleware development framework for use by Enterprise Architects to design Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) Message Broker (MB) solutions for Validate, Enrich, Transform, Route, Operate (VETRO) models in support of HL7 messaging. Real time, automated workflow and incremental ETL process for data rationalization, normalization, and integration toolkit for healthcare data systems.
Taught Requirements Development and Management (RDM) methodology and administration of Borland CaliberRM (object oriented requirements database) and Together Architect (UML studio, model-design-develop-deploy). Provided expert advice to clients for improving requirements management along with technical and business problem domain modeling strategies.
Co-authored Borland DevCon 2005 tutorial on business problem domain object modeling.

CAPITAL ONE FINANCE via Object Systems Group October 2002 to September 2003
Senior Software Architect, CAPITAL ONE FRAUD TECHNOLOGIES (contract),
Architecture and Agile Requirements Management Consultant, OBJECT SYSTEMS GROUP Staff

Member of the elite OSG team. Working with "some of the world’s leading experts in enterprise architecture, custom software development and systems integration." [Chuck McCorvey, for example.]
Assigned to Capital One Finance, Fraud Technologies. Onsite: Richmond, VA.
Unified Process Mentor. Chief Editor, contributing author, Requirements Management Plan (RMP) to govern all projects in Integrated Defense Program (IDP). Established new Requirements QA process for definition of Business Requirements, Business Use Cases, Security Requirements, System Requirements, and System Use Cases. Improved earlier adaptations of Rational Unified Process (RUP). Introduced agile practices for Multi-Perspective Peer Review, Quality Control Board and Stakeholder Approval, with time-boxed “heartbeat-driven” pipeline for document development. The new RQA process and RMP were elevated to “company-wide best practice” status by Capital One leadership.
Senior Requirements Analyst. Co-authored Domain Object Model, System Use Cases for IDP Risk Assessment Platform 1.0, reviewed early, all artifacts accepted on time. Set precedents in IDP for technology and tools for requirements (Rational RequisitePro) and modeling (Rational Rose Enterprise). Introduced color-coded, domain-neutral UML archetypes and structure for readability.
Technical Project Manager. Led design team specification and prototyping of IDP Risk Assessment Platform 1.0 Design Package. Two senior SAS developers, SAS programmer, senior Data Modeler, senior UNIX software engineer (HPUX, shell scripting, Java, and Oracle).
PMO Consultant. Defined a quantifiable Risk Indexing method for Risk Management modeling spreadsheet, immediately adopted by Capital One e-Engineering PMO.

SPRINT PCS December 2001 to July 2002
Agile Process Mentor and Architect, SprintPCS.com

Principal contributor on the team chartered to define an agile development process for SprintPCS. Served as a leading SME on agile practices, Feature Driven Development (FDD) and Theory of Constraints (TOC). Chief Editor of docs and presentations promoting scalable agile methods. Presented monthly briefings to Sprint executives. Created more effective measures of feature completion and project velocity. Advised the Senior Director for Software Development, and specifically defined the company-wide development dashboard metrics framework, rolled up to monthly SprintPCS.com Software Factory Operations Reviews. Coached individual development teams (250+ technical staff within cross-functional organization of 350+ people) on adoption and continuous improvement.
Iteration Advocate (Scrum Master and Deputy Technical PM) for release of PCS 3G Wired Web portal, www.sprintpcs.com. Performed daily issue tracking and resolution, risk identification/assessment, feature burn-down and cumulative flows (CFD). Facilitated Iteration Review Meetings, interleaving mid-iteration and iteration-transition reviews on a mid-week heartbeat (drumbeat), fixed two-week iteration (sprint) period. Achieved 80% compliance to a nominal 55-minute time-box for iteration review agenda.
Served as interim Lead Architect for 3G Multi-Media project (Third Generation PCS), collaborating with peer architects in Sprint Network Management Systems Division and Real™ Networks media.
Outcome: In 2001 3G was 6+ months behind plan. Launched within 3 days of target August 2002.
REFERENCE: Based, in large part, on our work at Sprint, David J. Anderson published his first book, Agile Management for Software Engineering, in 2004. He acknowledged me in that book. From the back cover: “In 2001 Sprint PCS faced the challenge of how to literally invent the systems and applications necessary to launch the first nation-wide high speed wireless data service, PCS Vision. [This book] does a good job of describing the methods employed at SprintPCS.com in Kansas City... Through a lean and agile approach Sprint delivered in August 2002 --Scott B. Relf, Chief Marketing Officer, Sprint PCS

TOGETHERSOFT / BORLAND February 2000 to August 2001
Senior Mentor and Field Lead, Professional Services Organization
Contact this candidate