ANTHONY LUSARDI
**A Union Brick Road • Blairstown, NJ 07825 • P: 908-***-**** • ad10lj@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PROFESSIONAL CONSULTANT, Blairstown, NJ, Sept. 2018 – Present.

Generate technical content for VR training through CAD design and management of a design team. The CAD models have been used in the automotive industries, improving compliance and cutting costs.

Developed/performed lab tests, analyzed data, and validated COVID rapid and ELISA tests, allowing quick release and launch of these critical tests.

LANDSCAPING LEAD, JRB Landscaping, June 2023 – Dec. 2023.

Led crews on daily workshifts by determining sequence of accounts and assigning responsibilities across the various team members to maximize results.

Managed customer relationships to ensure the work met or exceeded customer expectations and to deal with any additional requests.

Performed maintenance on equipment to limit any unforeseen downtime due to the machinery to functioning.

Played a key role in the assessment of new business as JRB acquired a license with Lawn Doctor for fertilization, pesticide control and other functions.

PROGRAM MANAGER, Weiss-Aug, Dec. 2022 – June 2023.

Produced state-of-the-art medical instrumentation for laparoscopic procedures. Ensured quality products were generated at an efficient rate and cost.

Implemented the set-up and installation of a SLM process to generate highly complex components to interface with injection-molded spacers and over-molds. This process reduced concept costs and lead times.

Led internal team and external customers in brainstorming new technologies and process improvements.

ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT HEAD, Warren Technical School, Aug. 2020 – Dec. 2022.

Led revamp of engineering curriculum to be more current and hands-on, increasing student scores by 9%.

Applied engineering design principles to build robots, go-karts, bridges, automated devices, energy systems, and many other devices. Utilized 3-D modeling and other CNC processes to generate technical products.

PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER, Terumo Corporation, Dec. 2015 – Nov. 2018.

Generated technical deliverables for Revision Hip System. Responsibilities included creating the surgical protocol, financial plan, marketing plan, brochure, sell sheet, competitive guide, and training presentations.

Drove development activities for a new heart pump system. Performed customer assessments, lab qualifications, and coordinated feedback with manufacturing/suppliers.

PROJECT/PROGRAM/BRAND MANAGER, Zimmer Biomet, Aug. 2011 – Dec. 2015.

Technical design lead for the development of the innovative devices from charter to launch. Activities consisted of designing CAD models, prototyping, testing, and ensuring system met customer requirements.

PROJECT/PRODUCT MANAGER, Hip Business Unit – Stryker Orthopedics, Dec. 1995 – Aug. 2011.

Developed innovative implant & instrument design modifications and conducted lab testing to ensure effective functionality. Program included significant cost reductions for Stryker’s market leading hip franchise.

R&D ENGINEER / PROJECT MANAGER, Silvatrim Corporation, July 1993 – Dec. 1995.

Developed new products including side molding, framing, and accent trim for the automotive, appliance and furniture industries. Responsibilities included designing products and developing tooling & fixturing.

EDUCATION

RUTGERS UNIVERSITY – COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING, New Brunswick, NJ – Dean’s List.
BS in Mechanical Engineering, May 1993.
Contact this candidate