PALLAVI JAIN
650-***-**** ad1vpi@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/pallavi-jain-pmp-1195054 SUMMARY
Results-oriented, customer-focused technology professional who is a Project Management Professional (PMP), ITIL V3 foundation, Certified Scrum Master (SMC), and SAFe certified with 19+ years of extensive experience in portfolio, program management & technical operations. Ability to communicate for success, build strong relationships, manage complex projects, drive consensus, and understand customer needs across digital channels. As a TPM, led Meta’s Global Security business development & change management initiatives, streamlining processes, reducing costs, and enhancing overall productivity. Previously led global 24/7 IT Operations and support for multiple managed services for Oracle ERP Finance Applications(AR, QTC, RRR ), HR, and WebEx. It spanned Incident management, problem management, and vendor management.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Technical Program management Technical Operations
Strategic Planning & Roadmapping Vendor Management
Stakeholder and Budget management Change Mgmt & Continuous Improvement
Knowledge & Document Management ITIL & ITSM
Team Leadership & direction PLSQL, Tableau, Salesforce, Oracle ERP, Remedy
Incident Management KPI, SLA & Metrics-driven
ACADEMICS
● Bachelor of Engineering, India May’03
CERTIFICATIONS
● PMP, ITIL V3 Foundation, Certified Scrum Master (CSM), SAFe Agilist PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Meta Oct’17 till July 2023 Menlo Park, CA
Technical Program Manager
● Managed the end-to-end cross-functional security software implementation plan by Security operations at Meta offices and data centers globally.
● Successfully managed the transition to the Salesforce application, resulting in a 30% increase in efficiency and ease of data collection & reporting.
● Coached and trained teams to adapt to changes, fostering a positive and collaborative work environment
● Oversaw the organization's project portfolio and led project prioritization and resource allocation. Negotiated enterprise contracts and managed vendors & project portfolio $4M+ budget while maintaining technical and financial health.
● Integrated usability studies, research, pilots, proof of concept, and market analysis into product requirements to enhance user satisfaction and improve operational efficiencies saving $200k per year.
● Negotiated contracts, statements of work (SOW), and service level agreements (SLAs) with vendors to ensure mutually beneficial terms and conditions aligned with projects and objectives. Also managed and tracked the budget allocated for vendor services.
● Spearheaded cost-benefit analyses: Engaged engineers, domain specialists, and Xfn partners and initiated a thorough assessment of the pros and cons of different options to determine the optimal path forward.
● Led cross-functional teams in planning and executing change initiatives to drive organizational transformation.
● Partnered and worked closely with Business Engagement, Product Team, leadership (VPs and /Directors), and PMO in creating implementation strategy and development milestones for Physical Identity & Access Management System implementation.
● Despite ambiguous requirements, developed the hierarchy of reporting needs for the entire org, including executive communication. Automated data collection and reporting through internal tools.
● Defined program-level success KPIs and guardrails, across schedule, cost, and quality, for review and governance.
● Re-assessed and relayed the business OKR quarterly to all project teams and led program increment planning that included prioritization of features in alignment with the program objectives. Cisco Systems Sept’11–Aug’16 India
Project Manager - IT Operations
● Led ERP & ITSM implementations over multiple years. Led global IT Operations and Support of Oracle Enterprise Finance Applications, HR, and Webex for portfolios ranging in value from $0.3M to $5M per quarter.
● Led the monthly revenue close process, reconciling revenue variances, and preparing revenue forecasts for senior management.
● ITSM role encompassed end-to-end service management spanning across Incident management, Problem management, Vendor management, Stakeholder management, Change management, and Knowledge Management.
● Along with handling P1/P2 escalations, facilitated service delivery reviews with business, IT, engineering, and other stakeholders to drive post-mortem of issues, determine the root cause & manage release cycles for the fixes.
● Successfully handled major vendor transitions smoothly ensuring the least impact on project quality. It led to budget optimization of $25k-150K per quarter, a better support model, and increased productivity.
● Using data analysis results, implemented ITIL-based best practices targeting Human Error, Change Management, and reduction of MTTR from 5 days to 1.5 days.
● Used Tableau & PL SQL extensively to analyze data of business applications and drove various projects, to improve the key business metrics.
● Developed a framework for the Remedy case management system (having > 70k cases per quarter) to categorize the incidents effectively. That would give better insights into the unstructured data, to target problem areas for faster incident reduction.
● Drove the steering committee to collaborate with the business heads and leadership to align on strategic goals and objectives that influence solution roadmap and consequently the portfolio/program backlog for business growth. Infosys Ltd. Apr 2004-Aug 2011
Project Lead - Operations
Responsibilities
● Post upgrade of the ERP 10.7 systems to the 11i platform, provided production Support to Cisco’s ERP applications and related boundary systems in their Quote to Cash business area.
● Oversee the end-end financial operations of the Quote to Cash process including invoicing & revenue recognition.
● Seamlessly coordinated the onsite–offshore teams of more than 40, for driving the AR operations, and month-end fiscal close successfully across time zones.
● Collaborated with Developers, Business analysts, and Quality Assurance teams globally to get Long term fixes deployed in the ERP system, which reduced 100-300 service tickets per quarter.
● Involved in complete SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) for application development, including review of the test plans, test scripts, and results.
● Ensured that complex defects and problems were resolved through production releases and upgrades.
● Monitored the system's overall functioning, resolved defects, and created scorecards and risk logs implemented at a program level by governance that helped streamline project information, metrics, and status for executive leadership review.
Contact this candidate