Sharif Aboulnaga
301-***-**** ad2adq@r.postjobfree.com West Chester, PA 19382

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Sharif Aboulnaga is a team oriented leader who excels at IT modernization, overseeing execution of large technical programs on schedule, within budget, and turning around problematic programs. He utilizes his technical background, management and leadership capabilities to lead effective teams using emerging technologies such as AI/ML or state of the art platforms (e.g. Appian, Salesforce).

Sharif assembles and leads high-performing teams, engineers profitable business solutions, builds new capabilities, while demonstrating high quality and service excellence. Today Sharif oversees multi-disciplined technical teams delivering diverse technology, PaaS applications, and Machine Learning with a collective value of $30 million.

He is an established member within ICF’s technology practice areas, participates in business development and growth opportunities, participating in the proposal process by writing RFI/RFP/RFQ’s, and is an established mentor within ICF. And to complement his AI/ML experience, he is attaining the training for the certificate in Applied Data Science: Leveraging AI for effective Strategic Decision Making at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

EXPERIENCE
Technical Program Manager, ICF January 2021 - Present
Serving as the Technical Program Manager for multi-disciplinary teams, and acting Business Development Lead for the Appian practice. This role entails a broad set of responsibilities that involve working with cross functional with engineering, product, business, and executive teams.
Oversee and coordinate program teams ensuring delivery, customer satisfaction, achieving P&L goals, and provide strategic plans for growth. Example programs include:
oLarge scale Appian implementation: Managing the operations for the largest transit nationwide database that collects transit and safety information for statistical analysis, congressional reporting.
oMachine Learning/AI: Applying machine learning models to eliminate redundant processes, streamline data gathering, and automate non-deterministic correlation of data points.
Ensuring delivery of contractual obligations on time and on budget.
Work closely with software engineers and product managers to ensure quality output and taking corrective action when issues are presented including root cause analysis, technical architecture reviews, trends analysis, followed by plans for resolution and improvement.
High attention to detail in documenting, reporting, and tracking work performed by the team.
Working with clients and customers assessing their business needs, reporting progress, providing information and vision to help resolve their business problems via existing methods or utilizing new tools.
Excellent oral communicator with high capability to create and present slides and artifacts to reflect the work done, ideas proposed, and communicate complex technical solutions to a variety of audiences.
Using management techniques, principles, and agile methodologies to ensure the optimum utilization of personnel and equipment to meet mission objectives.
Applying regulations and official guidance for the development of technical solutions while monitoring team activities and progress.
Plan and manage the project budget ensuring compliance with scope and financial obligations.
Delivering practical data insights to senior leadership and move forward strategy for overall program performance and staffing.
Producing budget projections and models with the financial team to resolve financial discrepancies.
Working with partner vendors (e.g. Salesforce, Appian) to procure licenses, support levels, and negotiate prices.
Collaborating across multiple ICF program management teams for initiatives in business development, technical solutioning, and marketing.
Delivering quality of work, customer satisfaction that resulted in program growth by $860,000 in 2023, and high scores in the DOT Contractors Performance Assessment Reporting System of 4/5 score 2 years in a row.
Managing program risks and gaps via strategic planning and decision making.

Technical Program Manager, ICF December 2018 – January 2021
Served as the Program Manager for the Food & Drug Administration Center of Excellence providing agency technology services, analysis of alternatives, application development, DevOps, integrations, and hosting. The Digital Services Center provides multi-vendor, multi-platform services using low-code/no-code platforms Appian and Salesforce.
Oversaw multiple scrum teams utilizing agile methodology for rapid delivery of applications for offices within the Food & Drug Administration.
Coordinated between the project teams, product owners, and company practice areas to ensure delivery success.
Managed operations for the FDA DSC to deliver multiple streams of services including PaaS, SaaS.
Lead fourteen development and technical advisories to support the modernization efforts of FDA offices.
Delivered seven applications and oversaw operations and maintenance for an additional eight.
Supported 20,000 users on the Appian and Salesforce platforms.

Sr. Business Process Manager, ICF July 2012 – December 2018
Served as a Senior Appian business process manager and project manager at the GSA’s mission critical Appian programs including G-REX and EASi. G-REX is an award-winning web-based real estate lease acquisition application providing delegated agencies and national brokers with task-based workflows. EASi (Electronic Acquisition System Integrated) is an accounting system and represents progress by allowing real time recording of contractual actions.
Managed Service Desk team that has resolved over 30,000 incidents with a 99% SLA compliance.
Served as a Sr. Business Process Manager on the Appian platform to create the G-REX application.
Responsible for the production deployment of the application and managing the go-live process.
Key contributor in transitioning and training staff on service desk positions.
Served as the Quality Assurance and Operations and Maintenance Manager, leading a team of 12 quality engineers and functional analysts, on the EASi Application utilizing Appian, the market's leading BPM tool.
Established and maintained processes to ensure program quality, integrity, and consistent delivery through testing and peer reviews across parallel releases and throughout the SDLC.
Identified gaps in internal QA and Development processes and implemented corrective operating procedures.
Improved daily tracking of ticket status through stringent reporting practices, better communications across the team through regular status checks, and greater visibility through daily reviews. These formalized processes provided higher quality deliverables, decreased production defects from 3.5% to 1.04%, and reduced the team size by 70% as well as a 47% reduction in the number of user tickets starting in September 2017, followed by consecutive reduction of 52% and 66% in 2018 and 2019 respectively.
Received an "Excellent Grade" from GSA for Management, Quality, and Regulatory Compliance on Yearly Contractor Performance Assessment, resulting in one-year contract extension.
Received an 88% user satisfaction rate from the anonymous GSA Apps Survey.

Sr. Business Process Manager, Intellidyne January 2010 – July 2012
Performed duties as a Senior Business Process Manager on the Appian platform for the Department of Justice (DOJ), Defense Acquisition University (DAU)
Led development of business process workflows and automation projects.
Oversaw requirements gathering, process design and refactoring, implementation, testing, and deployment. Managed project scope, schedule, risks, and resource allocation.
Facilitated task completion across multiple, cross-functional teams. Identified risks and communicated impacts.
Prepared reports on project progress and stakeholder risks.

Software Developer, CACI 2008 – January 2010
Led development of enhancements and bug fixes for a business rule engine utilized by various applications.
Performed scheduled deployments for maintenance releases.

IT Consultant, Amentra 2006 – 2008
Developed front-end interfaces for GEICO during their modernization from terminal-based to web-based.
Created group providing company-wide support for user interface guidelines, custom graphics, and repository for development facets, enhancing cross-organizational UI development quality.

Application Developer, Bowwave 2005 – 2006
Designed and developed software interface used to assist in insurance and direct billing for medical providers.

IT Consultant, Booz Allen Hamilton 2004 – 2005
Performed data analysis of geo-locations and regionally distributed personnel in both English and Arabic.
Converted front end of application used to store and track individual information used for ID card generation.
Provided a feasibility study for the auto-translation of mixed data stored in Arabic and English.

EDUCATION
Master’s of Science, Software Development Management 2009
University of Maryland, University College

Bachelor’s of Science, Computer Studies 2004
University of Maryland, University College

CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management Professional, PMP 2014
Project Management Institute

Certified Scrum Master, CSM 2016
Scrum Alliance

Executive Leadership 2023
Cornell University

Performance Leadership 2023
Cornell University

Certified Appian Analyst 2022
Appian Corporation

Applied Data Science: Leveraging AI for Effective Decision Making 2024
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MIT

SKILLS
Program Planning, Strategic Planning, Program Management, Program Execution, Risk Management, Resource Allocation, Budget Management, Team Leadership, Conflict Resolution, Stakeholder Management, Automation, Business Processes, Quality Assurance, Customer Management, Vendor Management, JIRA, Appian, Salesforce, Oracle, MySQL, Analytics, Visualizations, Confluence, MS Project. SDLC, Software Development Lifecycle, BPMN, Scrum, Requirements Gathering, Agile Methodology, MS Project, Integration, Process Automation, TOGAF, TBM, Python.
Contact this candidate