SHEIKHA SHARMA
EMAIL:ad2tzu@r.postjobfree.com:714-***-**** (mobile)
OBJECTIVE: In search of a program management opportunity.
Core Competencies
Program Management
Process Analysis
Managed technical and functional teams
Team Collaboration
Healthcare Billing and Delivery Systems
Technical Skills
Smartsheet
Microsoft Suite
Jira, GitHub
Tableau, Power BI
Knowledge of SQL, Python, Json
Languages Skills
Speak: Hindi, Punjabi, Urdu
Read and Write: Basic French
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior IT Project Manager Mar 2018 – Present SuperCare Health City of Industry, CA
Provided project - specific support by providing observations and recommendations on the project (e.g., impacts to schedules, impacts to budgets, possible impacts to other projects)
Fostered a culture of robust and comprehensive documentation both internally and externally reducing the number of IT support requests by 14% year over year.
Provided regular status updates to appropriate steering committees, stakeholder groups, executive leadership to ensure all parties were aligned with their expectations.
Developed comprehensive monitoring of risks, issues, dependencies, contingency plans, and available resources to remove any roadblocks resulting in 99% of milestones achieved on time.
IT Project Manager Nov 2016 – Mar 2018 SuperCare Health City of Industry, CA
Planned, scheduled and executed all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations.
Assessed business implications for project phases and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.
Articulated project goals and scope translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.
Resolved numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep, and divergent business and user needs.
Marketing Project Manager Mar 2015 – Oct 2016 LoanMart Encino, CA
Managed cross functional teams of stakeholders from sales, product marketing, and corporate communications groups to develop strategy and execute projects.
Managed marketing and operational project plan inclusive of advertising initiatives, budgeting and staff training.
Translated user’s requirements into formalized documentation to ensure that a project proceeds with accurate concise information.
Created and implemented communication plans to manage and ensure high satisfaction of stakeholder’s expectations that included senior executives, vendors, and other stakeholders.
Project Planning and Control Analyst Dec 2014 - Feb 2015
Parker Hannifin Irvine, CA
Monitored, validated, and controlled costs, schedules and completed variance analysis to identify trends impacting project performance.
Drafted detailed reports to ensure that contracts are within negotiated parameter by analyzing varied and complex cost data to determine projected overruns or shortfalls to the project baseline.
Incorporated contractual changes directly into the project control system by evaluating work to be completed against each contract compared to contract cost and schedule baselines.
In conjunction with the Program Manager ensured project compliance with applicable regulations (e.g. FAA, FAR) using a compliance matrix and reviewing with contract administration as needed.
Project Coordinator Sep 2014 – Nov 2014 LA County RR/CC Norwalk, CA
Planned, coordinated, managed, and participated in voter registration outreach initiative to encourage citizen’s involvement in their civic duties and create awareness of the voting process.
Trained citizens on voter registration best practices through presentations to local high schools, junior colleges, and community organizations.
Researched, analyzed, and compiled Californian voter turnout data utilized for get-out-the-vote initiative to encourage civic involvement in youth voters.
Project Manager (Pro-bono) Mar 2014 – Jul 2015

Project Management Institute (PMI) Los Angeles, CA

Managed communications with internal and external stakeholders through drafting meeting-minutes, timelines, and various deliverables for projects the PMO team were working on.
Responsible for coordinating and overseeing all aspects of projects to support PMI volunteers, board members, and stakeholders.
Scheduled and assisted the Project Manager with meetings for the Project Management Office (PMO), by scheduling meetings and tracking the progress of deliverables.
Project Analyst May 2012 – Oct 2013

Security Industry Specialist Inc. (SIS) Culver City, CA
Led the development of ten new intelligence products as well as analyzing existing intelligence products to provide recommendations for improvement.
Conducted all-source research and analysis across the intelligence discipline and initial review of all collected internal and open source intelligence by SIS Global Security Operation Center (GSOC) staff.
Drafted extensive country reports and security alerts on a monthly basis that involved research, analysis and production of intelligence assessments pertaining to a specific country and/or region based on client request.
Ran queries on Sentinel Visualizer to analyze crime data to discover relationships and connections between people places, and events to forecast criminal behavior for retail client locations.
Project Coordinator Jan 2010 – Apr 2011
Europa Inc. Brussels, Belgium
Trained groups of up to 30 students belonging to the International, European, Belgian business and government sectors to enhance presentation/intercommunication skills that cater to their work environment.
Developed concise, coherent curriculum to enhance client articulation, comprehension as well as conversation skills in English to assist in improving communication for better negotiation skills.
Collaborated, consulted, trained instructors regarding opportunities for improvement in work related tasks and training processes.
Fostered and developed strong networks with the international, European, Belgian business as well as governmental sectors to increase EIAS’s presence in the European International policy.
Store Manager Jul 2005 – Aug 2009
Crown Jeweler Lakewood, CA
Managed clientele, by promoting enduring relationships with diverse customers. Recruited, developed, and motivated members of the sales team and opened a new territory.
Managed all aspects, invoicing, and account reconciliation, collections and payroll activities.
Received, analyzed and processed third party credit-line requests and applications to determine eligibility of requests and completeness of submitted financial information.

EDUCATION
Project Management Professional (PMP) In progress February 2024
Certificate in Project Management 2014
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, LOS ANGELES EXTENSION PROGRAM
Master of Humanities Degree Conflict and Mediation Analysis 2010
UNIVERSITY OF KENT (CANTERBURY, UK)
Bachelor of Science Degree Business Administration 2003
CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY OF POMONA
(Major in International Business: Minors – Marketing and Political Science)

REFERENCES

David Peppard
CIO SuperCare Health
330-***-****

Angelina Colbert
SVP Care Hospice, Inc.
480-***-****

Won Byon
Information Security Architect Los Angeles Office of Education
951-***-****

Keith Birch
President Project Management Institute
ad2tzu@r.postjobfree.com
661-***-****

Colby Estes
Director of Marketing and Operations LoanMart
ad2tzu@r.postjobfree.com
626-***-****

Phillip Verbara
Manager of Voter Outreach Los Angeles County Registrar Recorder County Clerk
ad2tzu@r.postjobfree.com
562-***-****
Contact this candidate