ASHA SHABANAM
512-***-**** ad2tro@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/asha-shabanam/
SENIOR TECHNICAL PROGRAM MANAGER
Agile Transformation Expert Program Management Leader Strategic Visionary Champion Accomplished and results-driven Engineering and Program Management professional demonstrated expertise in effectively steering and aligning short- and long-term strategic objectives, driving success across complex programs executed by global teams. CORE COMPETENCIES & CERTIFICATIONS
Professional: Project Management Cross-functional Collaboration Risk Assessment and Mitigation SDLC Scope Management Resource Allocation Quality Assurance Project Reporting and Metrics Vendor Management Change Management Program Management Portfolio Management Methodologies: Agile: Scrum/Kanban Waterfall Quality Management tools FMEA, 5-whys, fishbone Data Models: Relational, AI/ML, MLOPs, with qualitative and quantitative analysis of AI/ML Models Tools: CI/CD Automation Framework Design/Development DevOps Selenium Maven Postman BDD Cucumber TestNG, Docker REST JSON Python Selenium Kafka Splunk Maven Bitbucket Bamboo SAP SFDC Quick sight Docker AWS Sage Maker ServiceNow Other: Chatbot AWS JIRA Confluence Miro board ServiceNow SAP Salesforce SharePoint PowerBI Certifications: Google Project Management Certification SAFe Agile Scrum Master Certification CCNA CCSA P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E NCE
SENIOR TECHNICAL PROGRAM MANAGER
Cisco Systems Inc. – San Jose, CA April 2022 – Sept 2023
Doubled throughput in half the cycle time within one year by successfully leading the Agile transformation journey, analyzing gaps, creating training plans, operational models, and implementing best practices.
Successfully implemented an AI/ML Project with low solution confidence and high complexities by conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis, categorizing issues, and planning effective action points.
Lead and managed four software development tracks scoping, budgeting, road map creation, schedule formulation, prioritization, construction of processes and tools to execute programs and launch new programs by working with cross- functional teams and experience as Agile Transformation coach. Experience defining KPI’s/SLA’s and develop and execute Standard Operational Procedures, change control, and release process management.
• Improved on-time delivery of Sales Forecasting projects, Salesforce projects, Data Analytics projects reaching 95% of milestones within 10% schedule variance. Experience with user experience analysis, experience with Quality Management tools such as FMEA, 5-whys, fishbone. Experience in metrics-driven process reengineering and task automation.
Recognized resourcing gaps between various project tracks, quality processes, and the development process. Brainstormed ideas to mitigate the gaps and documented solutions which were brought to the attention of senior leadership, mentoring Program managers, project managers and scrum leads, and the engineering efficiency of the development workflow was improved by boosting the metrics.
Applied excellent knowledge of Agile SCRUM process with experience as an IT Portfolio Manager, Program Manager and Scrum master, managing multiple complex IT project implementations and experience in Annual resource planning and vendor management. Experience managing Globally distributed teams and experience in Change management using Service Now.
ASHA SHABANHAM
SENIOR TECHNICAL PROGRAM MANAGER
512-***-**** ad2tro@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/asha-shabanam/ QUALITY - PROGRAM MANAGER
Siemens Industries – San Jose, CA May 2017 — April 2022
Drove an improvement in revenue by implementing a platform transformation plan using innovation and developments in AI/ML, Data science, and driving technical and product strategy between multiple cross functional teams.
Delivered, launched, and supported CPQ (Configure, Price Quote) and B2B Commerce platform for Engineer to Order industry and cloud transformation.
Improved customer experience by implementing customer feedback platform with customer experience team collaboration for prioritizing customer feedback and team productivity.
Documented best practices and product development and quality processes in a quickly changing and dynamic IT project implementations environment.
Defined key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure multiple program success and use data-driven insights to optimize performance.
Experience leading decommissioning of legacy programs and user adoption for NPI products, led pending acquisition of key lateral company, cloud migration, data analytics projects.
Creating data visualizations, dashboards, and reports to communicate insights to stakeholders. QUALITY LEAD ENGINEER
Siemens Industries – Norcross, GA December 2007 — May 2017
Led and managed software testing activities for a team of 12 quality engineers to ensure the highest quality product delivery in a fast-paced environment and helped transition to BDD test strategy in Manual testing and Automation testing.
Prepared Test plans, execution of test plans, execute and monitor test cases and monitor and plan automation tasks and hands-on experience with test planning, test designing, and execution and experience in QA testers.
Identified product bugs, troubleshooting, and conducting root cause analysis, working closely with software developers, bug reporting and bug prioritization.
Experience conducting power user training, UAT, Bug triage, created Automation frameworks from scratch, setup CI/CD Pipeline
A W A R D S & R E C O G N I T I O N S
Outstanding Employee Award in the Commerce Engineering department for Ring Force Solution - Cisco VP Connected Recognition for Going above and beyond – Leading Cisco Agile Transformation Team SIEMENS Excellence award–Winning Artificial Intelligence solution development for digital transformation and productivity Team. E D U C A T I O N
Bachelor of Technology, Electrical and Electronics Engineering College of Engineering Trivandrum, India
Contact this candidate