Pavel Malinouski
Sacramento, CA
831-***-****
ad30rq@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulmalinouski/
Technical Program Manager with 12+ years of experience helping companies deliver products and improving customer experience by driving software programs and managing all B2C, B2B, SAAS, PAAS solutions with a strong result-oriented approach to work and deep knowledge of Web and E-Commerce domain.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Agile, Hybrid, Waterfall methodologies
Project planning, monitoring and execution
Risk Management
Scope Management
Release Management
Strong leadership skills
Technical thinking and judgment
Problem-solving
Cross-functional collaboration
CI/CD
SDLC
REST, SOAP
MySQL, MS SQL
E-Commerce, Magento 2
JIRA, Confluence
Asana, G.Suite, Office 365, Smartsheet, Excel
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Head of Project Management Office (part time)
Transform Agency LLC, Nicosia, Cyprus (Remote)
09/ 2022 – 10/2023
Ensured smooth growth of the company's technical department from 5 to 21 people within 6 months including Software Engineers, Quality Assurance Specialists, Dev Ops Engineers, and Project Managers.
Increased net utilization of technical employee time by 30% to 76% by introducing internal work policies, procedures, and standards following corporate policies.
Increased net revenue on particular projects by up to 30% by optimizing SDLC and introducing system of reusing previously written code.

Technical Program Manager
Transform Agency LLC, Nicosia, Cyprus (Remote)
09/2022 – 10/2023
Delivered a series of projects and programs that improved the company's revenue by 20%.
Improved delivery time by 30% by improving CI/CD processes.
Introduced budget control procedures that saved 15% of the program’s budget.
Created a full list of PMO templates for project leading which decreased new project initiation phase by 60%.

Agile Project Manager, Scrum Master
Amasty Group, Minsk, Belarus
06/2018 – 09/2022
Implemented Agile practices from scratch for 4 technical teams with 12-16 team members in each to create full transparency for stakeholders.
Managed multiple interdependent large-scale programs to create Magento 2 extensions.
Reduced time to market by 25% by creating Value Stream, KPI for each step, and improved 4 of them.
Managed and implemented procedures for software development and quality assurance departments which reduced the number of critical incidents after releases from 6 to 2 for one released product (up to 6 products usually had releases each week).
Reconfigured Jira that helps Product Owners maintain product backlog, clean them from unnecessary bugs and features, and keep aligned with stakeholders.
Coached and trained team members for Agile principles, which shortened the general time for switching to Agile Frameworks up to 3 months.
Created policies and procedures for interaction technical teams with other departments – Customer Care, Marketing to create boundaries and focusing technicians on an important job with no switching or interruption.

Product Owner/ Product Manager
Amasty Group, Minsk, Belarus
08/2017 – 06/2018
Released a few Magento 2 fully new extensions with ROI after releases 27%.
Implemented a customer journey map as a practice while researching and developing new products in the company which helps technical teams develop faster and receive clear software specifications.
Started practice of customer interviews for new and existing products.

IT Business Analyst / Technical Project Manager
Rozumsoft LLC, Minsk, Belarus
07/2011 – 07/2017
Ensured successful execution and implementation of high-revenue generating projects within call-center software applications in an Agile and Waterfall environments. Managed project timelines, worked closely with the leadership team to allocate resources effectively.

EDUCATION
High School Diploma
State Educational Institution ‘High School #22 of Minsk’, Republic of Belarus
Engineering Construction Courses
Belarusian State National University, Construction Engineering 09/2005 – 01/2008
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Fundamentals and principles of project management - Aleksei Minkevich Project Management School
ICP Agile Fundamentals Certification – International Consorcium for Agile
Management 3.0 Certification – Agile LAB
SAFe Agilist Certification Certification - Scaled Agile, Inc., 07/2019
WORK AUTHORISATION
Legally authorized to work in the USA. No visa sponsorship is required.
ADDITIONAL LANGUAGES
Russian – Native
Contact this candidate