PRIYANKA RAY BARUA
Redmond, WA : +1-617-***-**** ad352j@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/priyankaraybarua CAREER PROFILE
Experienced Technical Program Manager with a strong background in infrastructure projects. Skilled in end-to-end project delivery, cross-functional collaboration, and stakeholder management. Proven track record of successfully leading AI initiatives from conception to deployment. Technical expertise in Cloud, Agile methodologies, and Assistive technologies. EDUCATION
Massachusetts Institute of Technology Boston, USA
School of Engineering & Sloan School of Management Aug 2018 – Feb 2020 M.S., Engineering and Management [Integrated Design & Management] Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology Greater Noida, India Bachelor of Technology [Electrical & Electronic Engineering] 2008 – 2012 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PARROTS INC - [Head of Product Management] Jan 2023 – Till Date
Leading the development & launch of an “AI-based personal companion” app for users with cognitive and physical disabilities. Responsible for creating detailed engineering, design, and work plans, including work breakdown, project milestones, risk assessment, timelines, and budget.
Recruited and built a 10-member product team. Managed the entire product life cycle from planning to execution, managed project risks, dependencies, and timelines.
Defined the end-user capability and oversaw the development of server-side components, databases, and infrastructure required to support the product. Planned and executed the migration and deployment of the application to Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
MICROSOFT C&AI [Contract position Program Manager] Feb 2021 – Dec 2022
Collaborated across disciplines (Engineering, Design, User Research & Data Science) to prioritize the feature backlog and align on tradeoffs for the features of a hybrid cloud product. Managed the product roadmap, prioritized features, and tracked project milestones.
Drove continuous improvements by validating use cases and partnering with others (Data Science, S/w Engineering, H/w Engineering, User Research) to collect performance metrics (engagement, usage, acquisition, revenue).
Contributed to the development of an AI-driven chatbot, improving customer support efficiency. Communicated effectively with the users to identify the core issues and kept them aligned with key objectives.
Led the development of a new Accessibility SharePoint portal, resulting in a 30% increase in user engagement. Collaborated with design, engineering teams and SMEs to define product requirements. Assisted in creating product documentation and training materials.
Worked as Scrum master executing sprints every month with engineering team, stakeholders, and leading sprint meetings every morning
PARROTS INC - [Product Manager] Apr 2020 - Feb 2021
Conducted market research to identify customer pain points and opportunities, worked closely with the UI/UX and engineering teams to ensure that the envisioned features are accessible. Carried out project planning, established and administered accessibility testing programs and remediated issues to ensure compliance with W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
Gathered feedback from early users and stakeholders to inform product enhancements. Defined user stories & acceptance criteria and conducted usability testing and analyzed user behavior data.
Executed platform redesign, slashing resource requirements by 35% and estimated time to market by 20%. TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES – [Program Manager: Cloud Services] Sep 2015 – Dec 2017
Managed multiple projects involving AWS Cloud Services using Project Management Life Cycle, Information Technology Services Management and Agile Framework. Tracked user activity metrics to measure adoption & diagnose end-user issues.
Created IT Strategy and 5-year roadmaps for multiple Automotive & Retail clients for hardware, software, and network infrastructure. Conducted program management, forecast realignment, quality problem solving & coordinated development.
Advised, trained and provided specific guidelines regarding cloud design for our in-house team and external contractors working on the large-scale Automobile architecting project. TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES – [Software Developer: Web Accessibility] Jan 2013 – Sep 2015
Designed test plan and created test cases, ensuring that all errors were reported to development and management teams. Worked on SQL, C++, Python for prototyping and developing web applications to capture and report production data.
Created tests and reported on web applications for compliance with WCAG 2.0 AA and Section 508. Recommended solutions and identified workarounds for defects identified during testing. Deployed a continuous improvement process to justify a shift from waterfall to agile development.
CERTIFICATIONS AND SKILLS
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Solution Architect Association Certification.
ITIL (Foundation, Transition), Project leadership, Frameworks & Methodologies: Agile, Scrum
Proficient in Analytics & Data Management, Adobe Illustrator, Sketch, Invision & Photoshop CS, Human-Centered Design.
Proficient in SQL, PL-SQL, Python, C++, MS Office, MS Project, GitHub, Remedy & Citrix.
Product Lifecycle Management, Cloud Computing, Wireframing, Persona Creation, Storyboarding, Prototyping, Concept Generation & Interaction Design.
Contact this candidate