Suren Elety
Mobile: 214-***-**** ad4akg@r.postjobfree.com Dallas, Texas.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Business-oriented IT Professional with over 18 years of experience worked in various capacities as Senior Technical Program/Project/Delivery Manager. Championing business process improvements/ cost reductions and identifying the cost effective value-added IT solutions, all while delivering beyond expectations.

Lead diverse cross-functional teams and technical program execution of migrating complex data platforms to the cloud, digital transformation, managing big data and data governance projects and ensuring customer data compliance with global regulations, while consistently producing high quality deliverables on schedule and within budget.

I am passionate about enabling data-driven decision making and enhancing customer experience
through innovative and scalable data solutions.

Maintained effective communication with stake holders and senior leadership.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

IT Strategic Planning and Execution
Program/Project/Product Management
Agile and Waterfall Methodologies
Scope, Cost, and Schedule Management
Risk, Issue, Change Management
Budgeting, Demand and Forecasting
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Stakeholder Management
Team Building/Collaboration
Vendor Management Oversight.
Multi-site Management.
Automation and Efficiencies
Product Management and Delivery

Warner Bros. Discovery - Sr. Technical Program Manager Feb 2022 - Present

As a Sr. Technical Program Manager Drove the Core Data Platform with a focus on Data Engineering, Data Pipeline, Data Governance, Privacy & Compliance. Lead diverse cross-functional teams contributed to the successful launch of the new MAX product/streaming service which flawlessly handled traffic nearly 1.5B events per hour.
Successfully drove Global Tokenization System for PII data & customer privacy data to be compliant with GDPR, LGPD, and CCPA regulation in the US, LATAM, and EU regions.
Developed comprehensive program plans, including roadmaps, planning, prioritization, scheduling, execution, addressed issues/risks, blockers, change management, stake holder management & update executive status reports

Environment: AWS, Data Lake, Snowflake, Databricks, Kafka, DQI, Confluence, Agile & Jira.

Verizon - Sr. Technical Program/Project Manager AI&D - Network Data Lake, Irving, TX March 2020 - Feb 2022.
Experience managing/driving Big Data projects on 500 node Hadoop cluster for Verizon network systems, from ideation, roadmap definition, requirements specification, development and release prioritization, risk management for new use cases of over 150 datasets to Verizon Rocklin & VGrid data centers with data over 5PB.
Effectively Managed/Drove Wireline & Wireless projects of budget over 10 mil, related to raw data feeds, curated data, real time streaming(Kafka & VMB).
Responsible for Data management of collecting and storing the data on-prem Network Data Lake(a centralized location for commonly used data sets across multiple Network applications), ingesting the network,business,consumer data and bringing it to the Data Lake to consumable and to enable data engineering & data science teams to develop/support AI/ML models and in developing analytical dashboards and reporting using Tableau.
Worked with Platform/Infrastructure teams to upgrade HDF, NiFi cluster expansion, namespace, address platform stability/user issues and enablement of dev environment to off-shore resources.
Data Governance(Data Catalog, Lineage, Data Quality) worked closely with Verizon Corporate Risk, Security, Privacy and Legal teams to review data elements/classifications to get approval and perform obfuscation for sensitive PI, SPI, CPNI, CII data.

Environment: Agile/Scrum, Big Data Hadoop/HDFS, Spark, SQL, Data Lakes, Kafka, NiFi, Hue, Python,
Tableau, Oozie, Oracle GG.

PepsiCo - Sr. IT Project Manager - Global Data Analytics Plano Texas, Aug 2019 - Dec 2019.

As IT PM Initiated, planned, directed, managed, monitored, and controlled time and resources throughout the
Project lifecycle of PepsiCo HR Teradata Analytics and Reporting Platform to migrate from on-premise to Azure.

Teradata system is a central, cloud-based data repository fed by 12 different systems of records. All HR systems
of record can send data into Teradata on a regular weekly cycle to have staged, integrated, & have core output metrics.

Used PPM tool to plan, schedule, track issues, risks, Change Management & updated executive status reports.
Visualization: Did extensive data analysis to create various HR business metrics and Reports on advanced
analytics Platform.

Environment: Teradata, DWH, SQL, ETL, Informatica, MS Azure, Unix, Tableau, SDLC, Scrum/Jira.

JPMorgan Chase - Sr. IT Product Manager - Home Lending Technology, Nov 2012 - May 2018.

Technical Product Owner of 29 mortgage banking Servicing suite of applications, worked on a
3 Year Road Map to migrate the applications to new infrastructure, Drove end to end critical delivery of the key
mortgage projects using Agile and Scrum methodologies in a massive technology transformation program.

Managed Agile teams (Panthers and Leopards) as Scrum Master to reach agile maturity levels .
SOR data sourced from Hadoop Data Ecosystem using Abinito ETL graphs and to create various Reports.
Lead effort to remediate around 800+ breaks as part of Security, Risk & Control.
Decommissioned 6 applications by consolidating and merging application functionality.
Managed BOW Delivery, Forecast, Demand, Estimates, Time, Quality, Risk and Integration Management.
Partnered with Business, Operations and Infrastructure teams to improve coverage and user experience.
Lead several LOB Initiatives and Programs such as Operation Stability, Operating Model, Performance Development & Management, Budget, Vendor Management
Contributed to $1.1million Cost Saves as part of TCO Efficiency.

Environment : Hadoop, DWH, ETL, Informatica, Abinitio, Oracle, Unix, Agile/Scrum, Jira, Cyber Security.

Risk & Finance Technology (RFT) - Application Support Manager.

Managed end to end Build and Operate functions for APAC, EMEA, NA regions of Finance and Regulatory applications. Includes ER and AR release work, enhancements, performance improvements, defects and bug fixes.

Managed several productivity and performance initiatives saving thousands of dollars and improved efficiencies.
Worked on forecast, demand and providing estimates for book of work to upload in clarity13.
Application Risk classification, Applications Security and Resiliency, Operational Risk and Control.
Experience in managing Global teams of more than 50 resources includes Vendor management.
Responsible for ramp up of RFT team growth by more than 30%.
Saved $500k/yr by ramping down vendor resources and by absorbing the work internally while ensuring the continuation and enhancements of services.
Created RFT ETL 24x7 Global Support Model, and Operate Production Management Metrics.
Partnered with GFO, Business partners and Infrastructure teams to improve coverage and user experience.

Environment : Oracle 11.2.0.4, DWH, ETL, Informatica, Abinitio, Hadoop, Unix Control M, Cyber Security.

Fidelity Investments Dallas Senior Project Manager - DW & BI Aug 2003 – June 2012

Implemented Corporate Data Warehouse & Business Intelligence Program from Vision to Benefit Delivery.
Practicing mentor and best practices contributor in the areas of Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence, ETL Standards and 24x7 Production support model.
Championed programs, managed project teams, Advised Executives, Mentored peers.
Led several solution delivery/implementation projects, managing technical/functional onsite-offshore support under aggressive schedules.
Architected enterprise strategies for design, development, testing, implementation and support. Drove several time sensitive, operational and business critical project deliverables to success with precision planning and pro-active risk analysis, mitigation and change management.
Provide architecture, design, development and support services for incoming data, validations, extract, transformation and load (ETL), internal and external reporting including operational and analytical reporting, outgoing feeds to other internal systems as well as external third parties including client organizations.
Involved in Full Life Cycle Development, Project Scope, Estimates, Time, Quality, Risk and Integration Management.
Effective communicator able to translate complex business requirements into detailed technical specifications for the development teams.
Applications include Plan Sponsor Web Station (PSW), Information Delivery WorkStation (IDW), in support of operational and analytical reporting for both internal and external customers and clients. The Operational Data Store (ODS) and Data Warehouse structures designed built and supported using the Oracle DBMS.
Contributed to Backup, Load-balancing-High Availability-Fail-Over and Performance Tuning strategies. Administered several medium-large PRD critical OLTP/OLAP Database and DW instances and Implemented high-availability & disaster recovery strategies
Provided technical project leadership, DB/Systems Admn. Support for go-lives, Database and Informatica upgrades & code enhancements, Interfaces with third party systems and development, pre/post ‘go-live’ operations and training.

Environment : Oracle 11.2.0.4, SQL, PL/SQL, DWH, ETL, Informatica, Unix Control M.

Domains: Finance, Banking, Brokerage, Media, Telecom and Retail.

Technical Skills: Technical experience with
AWS, Data lake, Snowflake, Databricks, Oracle, Confluence, Jira

Professional Development: PMP, Product Owner, AWS, Big Data & Hadoop and Jira.

Education: M.S. Computer Science, New Jersey Institute of Technology, NJ.

Personal: US Citizen.
Contact this candidate