*
Randall L. Goodman
**** ***** ** (YPG)
Yuma, AZ 85365
Cell: 210-***-****, Email: ad5kkq@r.postjobfree.com WORK HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE
Planning/Strategy, United States Air Force (USAF), Joint Base San Antonio (JBSA) Randolph, TX, 78150, Air Education and Training Command (AETC), Operations Capability and Strategy Division (Bldg 905), 100 H. Street East. Planner and Strategist, 10/2018-6/2023, 40.00 hours per week Developed, published and managed the Commanders Strategic Action Plan to guide future long- term strategic requirements for recruiting, training and education. Oversaw the creation of a dashboard software solution to immediately update leadership through a series of events. Tracked desired outcomes, logged periodic-reviews during cross-functional efforts to execute the commanders intent, mission priorities and focus areas. Supervisor, Technical Training Requirements, USAF, JBSA-Randolph, TX 78150, AETC, Capability Requirements Division (Bldg 905), 100 H. Street East. Supervisor, 10/2014-10/2018, 40.00 hours per week
Provided oversight to Technical Training Requirements Branch, managed technical training requirements for air, space and missile training systems, oversaw three action officers for over 22 major aircraft, space and missile programs exceeding $125B. Managed activities of 12 government employees and 4 contractors. As a Technical Training Requirements Acquisition Program Manager, provided command training requirements for platform acquisitions. Effectively worked with other headquarter and attached field units to establish and implement technical training. Key representative of technical training in the exercise of assigned training program management and responsibilities involving customer requirement needs with minimum guidance, reflected in accurately written and oral communication on critical issues in a timely and effective manner.
Security Assistance Program Manager (SAPM), USAF, Randolph AFB, Air Force Security Assistance Training Squadron (AFSAT), Saudi Arabia Mission, 1 st
Street W. (Bldg 857),
Randolph AFB, TX 78150.
SAPM, 06/2002-06/2006, 40.00 hours per week
AFSATS SAPM, executed Foreign Military Sales (FMS) acquisitions mission. Provided expertise in developing foreign Air Force training requirements and acquisition of new and surplus USAF aircraft and equipment. Developed, managed, and oversaw international flying training and maintenance training programs. Managed cases/contracts, lines of training within cases/contracts, and international associated programs. Secured quotas, authorized issuance of Invitational Travel Orders inviting foreign students to the U.S. under USAF sponsorship, and administers to their needs while undergoing training to execute the case/contract. Developed Statements of Work and Request for Proposal Packages to support requirements, including LOA, training plan, and in-country training teams. Managed the training contracts between the U.S. 2
Government and contractors to include technical/curriculum accuracy, technical/curriculum changes, schedule and milestone changes/adjustments, and evaluated and certified contracted training services through quality assurance measures. Computer Programmer II (SIMWARE Developer), Pro Active Technologies, USAF, Tinker AFB, 7710 1
st
Street, Oklahoma City, OK 73145.
SIMWARE Developer, 10/2001-06/2006, 40.00 hours per week Computer Programmer II, SIMWARE developer for the E-3 Sentry Airborne Warning and Control System Surveillance Radar Training Set (SRTS) program. Designed computer software for a ground-based radar trainer, provided a realistic environment for hands-on training of maintenance and operations personnel tasked with supporting the E-3 Sentry aircraft and the new SRTS Radar System Improvement Program. Controlled equipment mock-ups, controlled and monitored by SIMWARE lesson scripts, trained maintenance and operations personnel on radar procedures for the prime mission equipment onboard the E-3 Sentry aircraft. Designed lesson scripts using text files authored in a scripting SIMWARE language. Utilized lesson scripts to drive the simulated training environment, monitor student actions, and evaluate students against clearly defined objective-based criteria.
Technical Training Instructor, University of Oklahoma, United States Postal Service
(USPS) National Center for Employee Development, 600 W. Rock Creek Rd, Norman, OK 73069
Electro-Mechanical FSM 1000 Instructor, 10/2001-06/2006, 40.00 hours per week USPS Technical Training Instructor, for electronic engineers/mechanical technicians, provided comprehensive theory of operation and maintenance of the Mail Flats-Sorter Machine 1000 and Bar Code Reader systems. Employed by the University of Oklahoma, assigned as a contractor to the USPS Maintenance Technical Support Center, contracted to train electronic engineers and mechanical technicians in digital logic, basic electricity, electromechanical and mechanical devices, such as diverters, pneumatic cylinders, pulsed infra-red light devices, motion detectors, fiber optic cabling, conveyor belts, high pressure air system, and bar code readers. Developed lesson plans, reviewed course control documents, and created instructor guides. EDUCATION
Webster University, St. Louis, MO, 2005, Master of Administration, Computer Resources and Information Management
University of Central Oklahoma, Edmond, OK, 1998, Bachelor of Science, Education
Arizona Western College, Yuma, AZ, 1978, Associate of Arts, Criminal Justice REFERENCES
Upon Request
Contact this candidate