PAUL McCASLAND PMP CSM SSBB
***** * ****** ***
Littleton, Colorado 80127
303-***-****
ad65ym@r.postjobfree.com
CERTIFIED EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL with more than 15 years of success and experience leading the delivery of multimillion dollar, high-impact, IT, telecommunications, and Technical Operations solutions to meet evolving business, financial, competitive, and customer needs. Successful in partnering with stakeholders, management, vendors, and teams to evaluate needs and issues, define effective solutions, and oversee the on-time rollout of systems and tools to automate and integrate core business operations. Combined expertise in strategic planning, operational excellence, and change management with strong qualifications in identifying and capitalizing upon emerging opportunities to drive profit growth and market expansion. Organized, take-charge professional with exceptional follow-through ability and detail orientation, able to plan and oversee projects from conception to successful conclusions and providing verifiable savings.
SKILLS
Project Management Professional, Certified Scrum Master, Six Sigma Black Belt, Lean Six Sigma, Program Management, CLOUD Integration, Lean Process Improvement, Six Sigma Process Analysis and Improvement, Product Launch, Agile Process, Strategic Planning, Platform Integration, Event Driven Microservices, EDA, Salesforce, AI Process Innovation
PROFESSIONAL SENIOR MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE
UKG (ULTIMATE / KRONOS), LOWELL, MA
Lead Business Process Consultant-Employee 2022-Present
Business Process Expert consulting to internal units for Legacy Integration efforts and Continuous Improvement. UKG is one of the largest privately held SaaS companies specializing in HCM technologies
Led Global Delivery Services process improvement efforts to integrate former company technologies into high performing data driven functions.
Automating self-service Process Improvement tools using Generative AI and Natural Language Learning models from ChatGPT and Microsoft Copilot.
Developed best in class reporting and analysis of process benefits for Executive reporting.
Increased Revenue Recognition by over $1.3 million in missing Service Delivery and Custom Integration Revenue
Reduced Credits and Concessions for core products by $10 million in first 3 quarters
LUMEN, DENVER, COLORADO
Senior Lead Technical Process Architect / Product Owner 2013-2022
Leading multiple large Lean Six Sigma business process innovation projects to evaluate and improve core business functions. Provide cost out, improved software development methods and system integration saving millions in operating waste and improving overall service delivery performance.
Led multiple Six Sigma Design projects (DMADV) and Improve projects (DMAIC) for new and existing processes.
Improved Sales effectiveness by creating Product pricing and quoting, Customer self-service platform integration, Customer facing sales tools and automation, Field Operations, and Strategic infrastructure builds and planning with improved pricing tools.
Reduced Service Delivery by 17 days interval and over $19 million of verified cost avoidance savings using Lean analysis and improvement.
Created Federal Government contract pricing tool with 2.3million price points for contracts worth $1.2 billion over 10 years as Product Manager.

KAISER PERMANENTE, AURORA, CO
Sr IT Project Manager- Artech Contract Consultant
Developed a secure and HIPPA compliant interface for vaccination record exchanges with State and National agencies
ARRIS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
Senior Technical Project Manager
Direct new product deployment plan for national markets. Drive on time and under budget deployment with rigid project controls, deploying technically challenging systems across diverse geographic regions, designing PMO Best Practices.
Developed SharePoint for project management processes, financial tracking and reporting integration, and client reporting dashboards.
Conceive and Implement key project controls for new Professional Services product offering.
Direct National deployment team reporting of financial and resource utilization for key projects.
Developed and deployed first external client project reporting dashboard in SharePoint for Professional Services.
LUMEN, DENVER, COLORADO
Lead IT Program Manager- TEKSystems Consultant
Leading Multiple Programs, each with values over $7 million for the development, integration, and roll-out of the Salesforce.com CRM and Configure/Price/Quote cloud integration programs for the Business Markets Group
Led scope, planning and delivery of multiple releases using Rational Unified Process, Waterfall, and Agile software development lifecycle methods with on-shore and off-shore resources for integration with SaaS (Cloud based), and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) microservices and web-based solutions.
Control RFPs, funding requests, budgets, accruals, monthly reconciliations, 3rd party management, estimates, and all financial performance reporting for the programs.
Improve internal process controls to reach CMMI level 3 certification levels for Qwest IT.
Business Markets Group IT led the company in audit scores after achieving a nearly 90% adoption and compliance on certification audits
Cut $2 million from approved funding while still delivering releases on time and under budget
COMCAST CABLE, ENGLEWOOD, CO
Senior Project Manager TEKsystems Consultant
Led a $10.4 million divisional national product rollout to 6 new markets, helping major carriers deliver cutting-edge technical services.
Conceive and implement realistic program plans to map program targets and resources. Manage target costs, deliverable dates, milestones, and deployment.
Direct the activities of a team of 150 indirect reports and 12 network engineering professionals, technical support, and local project managers.
The Division turned over 870 towers in, exceeding customer deliverable dates.
Created the program planning templates that determined criteria and dependencies for launching Metro Ethernet markets
Education
REGIS UNIVERSITY
Master of Science Information Technology Management
SIX SIGMA BLACK BELT
COLORADO ASSOCIATION OF MANUFACTURING AND TECHNOLOGY
Lean Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing, Lean Office Green Belt
SCRUM ALLIANCE
Certified SCRUM Master
Professional Associations
Project Management Institute PMP credential holder
Member of the Project Management Institute
Association for Business Process Management Professionals
Contact this candidate