AMAN ARORA
Senior Program and Product Manager
Bellevue, WA · 425-***-**** · ad6lzu@r.postjobfree.com · www.linkedin.com/in/arora07
User-centric program manager with extensive experience steering the development and launch of products, applications, and features. Skilled at leveraging customer and data insights to drive strategic growth, foster innovation, and facilitate product transformation, enabling organizations to optimize the user experience. Influential communicator who can lead teams to ship products while building consensus on priorities, product vision, and product roadmap across technical and non-technical teams to produce successful outcomes.
Selected Achievements
Led a team of 5 to implement a Dynamic DB access Management solution using Vault across 8 DB engines, 440 DB resources, and 3 CSPs, completed in 6 months and achieving an onboarding time of <30 minutes.
Directed implementation of DB Backup offering for cloud data storage across AWS, Azure, and OCI, working with cloud service providers to tailor for specific use cases and adopted by 5,000 resources (DB, S3, EC2, EBS, EFS, Dynamo, Blobs).
Led an 8-member team to migrate on-prem enterprise database to a federated model on cloud using technologies like Kafka and Snowflake, strategizing release plan of more than 650 interfaces with 20+ teams involved.
Drove optimization of usage and performance across cloud data storage resources (DB, S3, EBS, EFS, Blobs), saving $2M in 2023.
Core Competencies
Strategic Planning Software Engineering Product Roadmap and Vision Technical Program Management Product Development Continuous Improvement Process Optimization Metrics and OKR Tracking Agile Methodologies Cross-Functional Team Leadership Requirements Gathering Data and Customer Insights
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Technical Program Manager – Cloud Data & Security Lululemon – Remote Sep 2021 – Present
Collaboratively define cloud data storage multi-year roadmap with recommended architectures and tools for various use cases.
Use Wiz and Prisma security to identify vulnerabilities across cloud data resources, define security scorecard for Cloud Data Platform, and drive campaigns to address public access, encryption protocols, auditing standards, and data security and password policies.
Conduct training for 250+ employees on data security best practices and ensure compliance with GDPR, SOC, CCPA, and PCI.
Directed a 5-member team to adopt Datadog to standardize database observability practices and proactive alerting, collaborating with teams for seamless integration, conducting training, and using Datadog's features to optimize database performance.
Defined and documented data compliance standards for AWS, Azure, OCI, and DB engines (Oracle, Postgres, SQL, and Mongo).
Defined visualization template in Power BI to run cloud and infra security campaigns and automate reporting to steering committee.

Technical Project Manager – Pipeline Risk Management Dynamic Risk Assessment Inc – Calgary, AB Jan 2021 – Sep 2021
Contributed to deployment of 2 milestones and features for risk management and integrity management software.
Worked with executives and teams to develop and maintain a strategic program roadmap, priorities, and project plans.
Reviewed code and worked with QA team to maintain build quality while releasing updates to software on a regular basis.
Collaborated with teams to initiate development of reusable library and availability of functionality through API.

Technical Project Manager – CRM Software UI & API team Maximizer Software Inc – Vancouver, BC Jan 2020 – Dec 2020
Liaised between dev team, business analysts, and QA team on new release plans and maintenance of existing features.
Orchestrated updates to development processes related to code deployment and unit test coverage for quick feature releases.
Mentored 12 backend, frontend, and reporting engineers to understand their role based on business initiatives.

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. – Redmond, WA Sep 2011 – Nov 2019
Technical Project Manager – Microsoft News July 2017 – Nov 2019
Managed a team of 11 developers to support and add new features to MSN site, edge browser homepage, and new tab pages.
Drove end-to-end SCRUM execution and facilitated sprint ceremonies, including planning, daily stand-up, and retrospective.
Refined product backlog based on customer feedback and coordinated feature releases with Bing and Windows team.
Created A/B test plans and managed implementation of new releases across web, mobile, and Xbox devices.
Created VSTS dashboards to track team velocity and burnt down charts and shared weekly progress reports on commitments.
Assisted with training new engineers and transitioned team from conventional to distributed scrum/Agile model to increase efficiency.

Lead Engineer – Merchandising Tool, Get Devices Sep 2011 – Jun 2017
Developed and coordinated delivery of automation features for application review system and integration with 3rd party tools.
Participated in code reviews, defined reusable code, created tailored libraries per use cases, and developed database architectures.
Developed modules from backend to UI and owned deployment of new feature releases on Azure, including UATs.
Created stored procedure, trigger on database to provide/insert specific data from multiple tables for Web API services.
Optimized SQL queries to handle substantial amounts of data keeping and support expansion from 40 to 192 markets.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Certifications and Training: Certified Scrum Master, SAFe Product Owner/Product Manager, Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals, Microsoft Specialist: Programming in C# and Web Applications
Education: Bachelor of Technology, Electronics & Communication – Guru Nanak Dev University, India (2011)
Technical Skills: .NET, C#, SQL, HTML, CSS, JS, React JS, Azure, AWS, Azure DevOps, REST, GitLab, GitHub, Confluence, Jira, Oracle, Service NOW, Security (CVE), NoSQL, MongoDB, Splunk, Miro, MS Project, and Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Contact this candidate