Roberto Herrero *** Fairway Dr. Union, New Jersey
Phone: 908-***-**** email: adcdvd@r.postjobfree.com

TECHNICAL IT PROJECT / PROGRAM MANAGER

Certified trilingual Project Manager (English, Spanish and Portuguese) working as Senior Technical IT Project / Program Manager with experience in Retails, Pharmaceutical, Finance, Banking, Entertainment, Health Care, Telecommunication, Utilities, Fashion, Cosmetics, Publishing and Information Technology industries for 20 years. Experience in Waterfall & Agile methodologies. Demonstrating strength in defining project requirements, developing implementation budgets, creating plans, scheduling, identifying vendors and tracking progress. Flexible hands-on team player, who is energetic, very organized and thrives in a fast-paced environment Analytical problem solver skilled at reducing issues to the lowest common denominator and identifying key resources. Detailed oriented, leader and team builder. Proven ability to work with people at all levels of an organization. Talented self-starter with a professional attitude. Known for giving 100% to get the job done.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Due to the large number of projects and clients, the main experiences, skills and projects are summarized below

HR Consulting, LLC - NJ March 2002 – present
Sr. Technical IT Project / Program Manager
Managed multiple simultaneously multi-million dollars projects for different telecommunication, media & publishing, healthcare, entertainment, pharmaceutical, finance, retail, banking, cosmetics, fashion, utilities and technology customers such as: Barneys New York, L’Oréal, Chanel, Pfizer, Thomson Reuters, AT&T, Avaya, Deutsche Bank, Merrill Lynch, Henkels & McCoy, etc.

WINDOWS 10 UPGRADE
Managed global windows 10 deployment for a large number of users with onshore and offshore teams.
Effectively managed and communicated expectations internally/externally for the project.
Managed application discovery, requirements gathering through deep dive sessions for: End User engineering, Security, VDI Platform, IT Partners, Citrix Member Serves, MS Office, Active Directory, Remote Access, Unified Communications, SharePoint, Storage, Mobility, SCCM, Application etc.
Managed the process to obtain detail infrastructure requirements for windows 10 migration.
Managed the discover hardware/software inventory and application usage.
Prepared project plans, reported project progress, tracked risks & issues against the plan.
Created, managed and updated tasks, resource allocation and the overall project timeline.
Provided project status to stakeholders and project teams including risk analysis, technical recommendations and resource constraints that may impact the project. Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Developed business requirements documents, user stories and use cases to support infrastructure requests.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders.
Managed Application and web apps, macros, add-ons inventory identifying owners, SMEs, compatibility, rationalization and testing process.
Managed project budget including maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Proposals, Forecasting, Tracking of purchases, etc.
Managed the lab setup and image packaging workflow and readiness to migrate.
Created and managed a deployment plan per Division. Provided Division requirements to the Regional Deployment Leads and the Deployment vendor.
Managed Pilot POC, Stability, scalability deployment.
Managed & validate Support Model.
Managed user communication for the windows 10 upgrade.
Managed Windows 10 training for end users, trainers, IT support, Tech Team, VIPs and define curriculum for classroom and/or online learning.
Managed sites readiness requirements are met and scheduled pilot, UAT and full-scale migrations with the Division Lead and Regional Deployment Leads.
Managed the production migration leveraging runbook.
Supported project implementations during off hours and weekends.
Managed Post-Production process: Hypercare, collecting feedback and update runbook.
Managed all project closure process and documentations to obtaining sign-off from project sponsor.


OFFICE 365 DEPLOYMENT
Managed 365 deployment for several global users with onshore and offshore teams.
Planned and managed projects by identifying tasks, risks, issues, and resources delivery timelines and success metrics.
Managed program scope, schedule, budget, proposals and resources to successfully fulfill business and technical requirements.
Facilitated technical support as needed including but not limited to architectural reviews, compliance reviews and various project artifacts.
Created and maintained relevant project documentation such as project charter, scope, project plans, status reports and operational checklists.
Ensured deployed solutions are compliant with Enterprise Technology and Security Standards.
Coordinated the technical execution and provided automation improvements to maintain customer satisfaction during the deployment phase.
Managed and facilitated technical team during designing and implementing the entire MS Suite: Exchange online, SharePoint, OneDrive, Teams, Skype for Business, Azure Active Directory.
Effectively managed and communicated expectations internally/externally for deployment process.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders
Managed POC, stability, scalability Pilots.
Managed application compatibility process.
Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Managed Support Model process & documentation.
Managed vendor relationships, SOWs, change management and stakeholder management.
Managed Application certificate process.
Managed a deployment function and co-ordinate education and training activities to ensure a successful migration experience.
Managed day to day coordination of deployment activities including user analysis, device assessment and peripheral analysis.
Managed project budget maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Forecasting, Proposals, Tracking of purchases, etc.
Managed user communication for the office 365 upgrade.
Managed sites readiness requirements are met and scheduled pilot, UAT and full-scale upgrade with the regional leads.
Managed Post-Production process: Hypercare, collecting feedback and update runbook.
Managed all project closure process and documentations to obtaining sign-off from project sponsor.

SKYPE FOR BUSINESS
Managed the Review client's current Microsoft environment including the network architecture and domain name servers (DNS) information, authentication solutions, bandwidth, security certificates, Active Directory (AD) configurations, and AD federation service (ADFS).
Managed the site survey and data collection to coordinate the skype and phone configuration for each site in NA, EMEA, ASIA and Latin America.
Managed the implementation of the solution based upon the agreement in the design phase. Managed SFB build allowing client to perform proper testing, staging, and production change management to ensure Skype was built and configured.
Managed the deployment solution into client production environment, adhering to client change management policy of submitting the change request for review.
Managed the interface and build deep relationships with partners. Gather and assess business plans against capacity and capex plans Track and provide progress status reports of all infrastructure work streams against project schedules.
Managed the configuration and apply the Blueprint Microsoft Skype for Business with the current configurations and settings.
Managed Cisco Meraki deployment and coordinated technicians to install and configure the device for all global sites.
Managed the test stage and develop test cases and test scripts/plans to fully evaluate the performance of Microsoft Skype for Business in a production environment.
Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Prepared project plans, reported project progress, tracked risks & issues against the plan.
Created, managed and updated tasks, resource allocation and the overall project timeline.
Provided project status to stakeholders and project teams including risk analysis, technical recommendations and resource constraints that may impact the project.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders.
Managed project budget including maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Forecasting, Proposals, Tracking of purchases, etc.
Managed the creation of first teams and channels, chats and onboard early adopters.
Managed the teams process to determine which people or groups would be added to each team, roles and permission.
Integrate audio conferencing, video, cloud voice, SharePoint, OneNote, OneDrive and sharing to teams.
Managed and conducted Teams Pilot and obtain user’s feedback.
Deploy Skype for business & Teams to users’ computers and provide Users Training.
Managed the cutover process and Hypercare process.
Managed the decommission client's legacy environment after the production environment of the Microsoft Skype for Business has been deployed.
For more details on voice implementation and configuration see details under Telephony project below.


TELEPHONY / TELECOM
Managed & Coordinated all Cisco telephony global upgrade for all sites in North America, Latin America and EMEA.
Extracted current PBX data and incorporated to the cutsheet template.
Managed & Coordinated IPT Cutsheet for telephony data with local teams.
Managed business requirements for IP Hoteling, COS, Call Center Agents, Voice Mail, Call Pickup Groups, Bridged Appearances, Analog Extension Data, IPC, Turret, Phantoms, Emergency Phones, Incoming Calling Plan, Auto Attendant, Coverage Paths, Hunt Groups, Intercom Groups, Speed Dial-System, EC500 etc.
Created & Managed vendors, Voice carriers’ contracts and activities.
Managed the porting process with local carriers and engineers.
Managed & Coordinated equipment purchasing BOM, PO, ordering, delivery and installation with local technicians.
Managed the order, deployment, installation and testing circuits for Data & Voice and working closely with local Voice carriers.
Managed the installation & disconnection of voice circuits and make sure billed correctly.
Prepared project plans, reported project progress, tracked risks & issues against the plan.
Created, managed and updated tasks, resource allocation and the overall project timeline.
Provided project status to stakeholders and project teams including risk analysis, technical recommendations and resource constraints that may impact the project.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders.
Managed project budget including maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Forecasting, Proposals, Tracking of purchases, etc.
Provided overall project communication to stakeholders and meet project requirements and stakeholder expectations.
Managed voice upgrade user communication with marketing and desktop teams.
Participated in negotiation and administration of contracts.
Followed change management process to capture change requests, communicate impact, request stakeholder decisions, and execute changes if applicable
Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Managed WorkPlace, Networking, Lan, Wan, Wireless, Voice, Desktop, Facilities site surveys for IPT refresh with local teams.
Managed the upgrade of Trader Voice Facilities for international branches IPC (IPC IQ/MAX-Nexus) platform.
Managed & supported voice/trade floor (IPC Turrets) and WAN technologies, provisioning, ordering of circuits, including ARDs, MRDs (PLs) for trader operations.
Managed Multi-vendor management responsibilities for Voice carriers, ISPs and PBX, turret vendors (2nd level) to support voice trader operations.
Managed the implementation, configuration, design for IVR (Interactive Voice Response).
Managed the Blue Coat deployment and installation process for Latin America.
Managed the ACD data collection and design for Call Center, Contact Center and Helpdesk.
Managed the user training and training materials.
Managed all telephony testing including updating testing plans.
Managed & Coordinated cutover and day one support.

AUDIO & VIDEO, VIDEO CONFERENCING
Managed & Coordinated global A/V, Video Conferencing, Telepresence Video Conferencing and Digital Signage commercial integration, installation and maintenance using technologies such as Polycom, Creston, Extron, Touchlink Pro, AMX, Avaya, Cisco, MXL, Biamp, Vaddio, etc.
Met with clients to understand the project scope and obtain the detail requirements.
Acted as POC for Audio & Video meeting scheduling, troubleshooting, training for all VIP team members.
Performed site survey for A/V, VC, data & electric cable installation with the lead A/V technician.
Created and maintained Work Break-down Structure (WBS) for all activities.
Coordinated the equipment installation with client, technical personnel, and any associated subcontractors.
Coordinated and processed any project change orders.
Managed & Coordinated occupancy sensor, Lutron and Fusion integration & installation.
Managed & Coordinated the new Creston interface with client and programmers.
Coordinated with AV engineering to ensure that the project is meeting all specifications, reviewed and approved any equipment changes from the bill of materials “BOM”.
Coordinated with the purchasing team to ensure that all equipment items have been ordered and tracked the delivery in order to meet project deadlines.
Prepared project plans, reported project progress, tracked risks & issues against the plan.
Created, managed and updated tasks, resource allocation and the overall project timeline.
Provided project status to stakeholders and project teams including risk analysis, technical recommendations and resource constraints that may impact the project.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders.
Managed project budget including maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Forecasting, Proposals, Tracking of purchases, etc.
Managed AV training for end users, trainers, IT support, Tech Team, VIPs and define curriculum for classroom and/or online learning.
Managed rooms readiness with the construction teams to make sure the furniture was installed, and the room was dusty free.
Supported project implementations during off hours and weekends.
Managed the day one support with local AV technician.
Created Test Plans to certify all installation.
Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Managed the engineers to ensure there was a proper project hand-off to the Operations.
Managed all project closure process and documentations to obtaining sign-off from project sponsor.

DATACENTER MIGRATION & RELOCATION
Managed Data Center Migration, relocation & consolidation, storage upgrades, virtual compute platform upgrade, circuits upgrades, Cisco upgrades, LAN/WAN upgrades etc.
Managed the discovery activities including project scope, data requirements, milestones, assign data collection and validation tasks, project timelines, communication plan, roles and responsibilities, risk & issues, project reporting status, identify application to be moved, identify application owners, identity site contact, hardware requirements, project team contact list, software requirements, logistical requirements, design, migration plan, go-live hour-by-hour plan, day 2 support etc.
Managed application and data migration with engineers and application owners.
Coordinated with application owners and engineers to migrate physical servers to virtual servers.
Managed the AWS requirements and configuration with onshore and offshore teams.
Managed the site survey to collect the Infrastructure inventory at the Old Facility such as: Servers, Telephony/PBX, Routers & Switches, Storages, Network cabling, Electrical cabling, Voice & Data cabling, UPS, Fire Suppression, HVAC etc.
Managed the relocation, data migration and configuration for SAP serves with a team of technicians and application owners.
Identified and documented installation & testing procedures for each device.
Managed the decommission of old equipment and services vendors and local technicians. Ensured that hallways, doorways, elevators would accommodate moving equipment.
Created project plan, provided project status to stakeholders and project teams including risk analysis, technical recommendations and resource constraints that may impact the project.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders.
Managed project budget including maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Forecasting, Proposals, Tracking of purchases, etc.
Managed sites readiness requirements are met and scheduled the migration with all teams involved.
Supported project implementations during off hours and weekends.
Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Managed all project closure process and documentations to obtaining sign-off from project sponsor.

OFFICE RELOCATION
Managed Global new state of the art office & HQ relocations including fixed and agile working areas, conference rooms, audio & video booths, cafeterias, front desk, common areas, computer rooms, security, voice system with multiple interfaces and systems including cloud and COTS through all processes stages i.e. initiation, planning, executing, monitoring, closing, which also includes: scope, cost, time, issue, risk, resource, kick-off meeting, weekly project status meetings, user communication, stakeholder management for North America, EMEA, ASPAC and LATAN offices.
Created a contact list of everyone involved in the move, including IT and Telecom vendor technicians, construction, security, furniture, facilities, IT, Telecom teams.
Evaluated & planned business technology requirements for the new office.
Managed the assessment of available connectivity resources and identified restrictions with new Landlord could impose. Confirmed whether new office supported structured cabling.
Arranged site visit of both locations with IT & Telecom Solution Provider to review network cabling requirements.
Managed the Inventory all business technology equipment to assess whether it was suitable for the new environment. And returned any leased IT and phone equipment that was no longer required.
Identified how many and type of network cables, power outlets, data & voice drops to be installed.
Identified the size the server room was and how many servers would hold it. Confirmed whether minimum requirements for the server room were met (electrical, cooling, dimensions & security). Managed the construction of computer room, core switch installation & configuration.
Assessed phone line capacity to see whether if needed to order new phone lines and order new phone lines. Worked with voice & data carriers to obtain quotes for new telephone and internet circuits for the new location. Identified what kind of growth or expansion expected in the next 3-5 years. Managed the new voice system equipment order, installation and configuration.
Attended all architecture & construction meetings to make sure all IT Infrastructure aspects were covered the proper way.
Managed the Audio & Video and Video Conference installation and configuration.
Managed new & upgrade video and graphics displays in meeting rooms, hallways, elevators, cafeteria and front desk.
Managed new or upgrade call centers and training on new technologies.
Managed all VDI desktop implementation with construction & IT teams. Managed Setup virtual infrastructure in data center.
Scheduled mover meetings, moving day, created a detailed moving day hour-by-hour plan etc.
Managed hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Managed the user move communication and training for new technologies.
Identified the location for printers, faxes, copiers, modems and scanners and made sure the right connectivity was installed.
Managed day one user support providing support IT team on floor and over the phone.
Ensured appropriate IT processes, methods, policies, and standards were applied during and in the completion of project work.
Managed the e-waste of any old or broken equipment.
Managed & coordinated several backup copies of all company data systems including firewalls and servers and arranged for copies of the backup to be stored at an off-site secure data center that was not affected by the move. Created a Business Continuity Plan in case were encountered unexpected problems during the move including inventory of all software and hardware, servers, storage and networking equipment etc.
Managed the disconnection of services and technology equipment at the old office.


WIRELESS “Wi-Fi” IMPLEMENTATION
Managed the Aruba Wireless (Wi-Fi) installation for a large-scale project for multiple site locations.
Managed the business and technical requirements process and the development of the wireless system architecture.
Created the site survey document and managed the site survey process with the vendor for all US sites.
Created Bid document and selected the right vendor to perform the site survey and installation of cables, WAP, equipment upgrades etc.
Created SOW for cable management and scheduled meeting to review with the vendor.
Managed the Access Point installation and equipment upgrade.
Managed and identified WAP installation on the site floor plan and coordinated with the vendor for the installation.
Managed the Wireless Network Design documentation and system configuration.
Managed and coordinated the ISP Guest installation for all sites.
Managed the support and maintenance of the sites Cisco enterprise wireless network.
Managed the continued operation of existing wireless infrastructure to support a variety of systems and services such as Data, Voice, Video and various building systems.
Managed IOS Upgrades and configuration changes for all wireless network devices.
Managed the process of optimizing and tuning of wireless infrastructure in a multi buildings environment with 3500 internal and external access points.
Performed RF surveys and resolve signal and access issues.
Prepared project plans, reported project progress, tracked risks & issues against the plan.
Created, managed and updated tasks, resource allocation and the overall project timeline.
Provided project status to stakeholders and project teams including risk analysis, technical recommendations and resource constraints that may impact the project.
Managed & coordinated project weekly status meetings with project team, steering committee and stakeholders.
Managed project budget including maintaining accurate control on costs i.e. Budgeting, Forecasting, Proposals, Tracking of purchases, etc.

INFRASTRUCTURE
Managed several infrastructure projects using Waterfall & Agile methodologies.
Identified infrastructure scope, requirements, objectives, goals and project delivery clearly.
Identified technical resources members for project team.
Identified risks & issues and limitations within project plan.
Evaluated and determine plan variance from project performance.
Identify project team roles and responsibilities and monitor team performance and making sure the resources receive the necessary training to perform their roles.
Oversaw precise project results to identify if relevant quality standards area attained.
Collected and presented performance information related to infrastructure projects.
Identified prospective conformance and rigid concerns associated with project initiatives.
Identified probable impact to associates, clients and shareholders.
Performed with subject matter experts all through organization to gather entire business needs required to attain project goals.
Conducted change throughout project inclusive of schedule, scope and team membership.
Collaborated effectively with infrastructure associates across entire business units along with management levels.
Identified prime cause of contention or disagreement plus recommend corrections as necessary.
Ensured to capture, prioritize and solve project problems in organized manner.
Demonstrated broad knowledge of Enterprise Technology Infrastructure solutions.
Performed the overall day-to-day management of multiple projects to ensure that project objectives are achieved within time/cost/quality constraints.
Responsible for project documentation including project plan and weekly status reports.
Responsible for ensuring that project business and IT requirements are captured and documented.
Reported project progress on a regular basis to ensure the project’s overall direction and integrity.
Performed management of the risks of the project, including the development of contingency plans.
Managed project scope and change control and escalate issues where necessary.
Liaised with any vendors or suppliers in relation to the project.
Directed and motivates the project team, internal, external and 3rd party.
Facilitated regular project and update meetings.
Took responsibility for overall progress and use of resource.
Ensured project objectives are understood and met, ensuring that the Project Team members understand the requirements.
Ensured all groups are adequately consulted and are satisfied with each deliverable as it effects their specialist area.
Tracked and report project actual expenditures as compared to the budget and effectively manage the project to successful completion within tolerances.
Worked with IT Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC) Manager to ensure the project objectives are met to maximum efficiency.
Managed multiple complex projects simultaneously.
Ensured constant process/quality improvement for current and future projects.
Managed all project closure process and documentations to obtaining sign-off from project sponsor.

MOBILE & SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Managed all phases of several mobile, website & software development projects from initiation, pre-planning to planning, execution and closure using Waterfall, Agile Scrum methodologies.
Managed the implementation and consistent delivery of projects to set timelines, budgets and expectations quality.
Worked with Business Analysts and Architecture team overseeing the Technical documentations.
Assigned tasks, responsibilities to project resources.
Managed & coordinated with external vendors tasks and responsibilities to deliver the application on time.
Coordinated the project requirements with customers, developers and external vendors.
Maintained team focus on the product vision and goals of the business.
Drove prioritization discussions with product owners/sponsors as needed to ensure resources were allocated to key features and requirements.
Organized and facilitated weekly project status meetings, backlog planning, release planning, iteration planning, daily meetings, reviews, demos, retrospectives and other related meetings.
Communicated and coordinated project intra/interdependencies with other partners, managers, leads and cross-functional teams.
Tracked and communicated team velocity, release and iteration progress, risks and issues impediments both internally and externally.
Managed and supervised project onshore and offshore teams.
Facilitated the daily stand up, sprint planning, sprint review and sprint retrospective.
Prepared and presented information at cross-functional reviews, status meetings and gate reviews.
Managed and performed detailed QA testing of both existing and new products.
Developed important strategic initiatives that would help drive the Ops organization into the future.
Provided status and communication using PowerPoint presentations including the key program outcomes and insights to key stakeholders.
Managed the installation & configuration of PeopleSoft application for HR department.
Managed several software projects for marketing, salesforce, finance, chain supply and procurement.
Worked with Adobe Creative Cloud products services with natural creativity to create something fast that is new and different.
Managed the SW Organization in tracking and managing defects.
Managed upgrade and patching of new application versions when they were released, created application documentation, architecture diagrams, how-to guides, SOPs, and other deliverables for both training and tool maintenance.
Ensured projects are delivered within the approved budget, schedule, and scope.
Produced project-related communication such as status reports, change logs, meeting notes, etc.
Managed project budget by tracking purchasing expenses and providing status to stakeholders.

AT&T, Local Services - NJ
Feb 1999- March 2002
Sr. IT Project Manager
Managed, the implementation of new or improved telecommunications services such as, Cisco routers and switches, Anymedias, Sonet, Nortel, and OC-48. Managed multiple projects including the following:

Managed Telemetry Solutions Project to provide equipment to deliver DSL services, VPN, development, rollout and continued support of the telemetry group. Managed the deployment of 5000 Cisco Routers and switches including router series 2000, 3000 7000 and switch series 1900, 5000 to several sites. Created the installation and telemetry engineering packages. Tested, troubleshot and maintained all routers and switches. Ordered DS1, DS3 and other circuit type. Managed proposals, hardware and licenses procurement and delivery.
Managed equipment purchasing process: BOM, PO, ordering, tracking shipment and managed vendors
Contact this candidate