BELA KOLACH
adcjve@r.postjobfree.com *** Martin Road
925-***-**** Dripping Springs, TX 78620

Accomplished technology professional with over 15 years of broad expertise collaborating with cross-functional internal and external stakeholders to drive innovative solutions for seamless operations in diverse environments. Goal-oriented leader and self-motivated team player with proven success managing multiple complex programs and projects. Analytical problem-solver with exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.

CORE STRENGTHS

Technical Program Management
Product Development Management
Software Project Management
Product Development
Agile Methodology
Release & Rollout Plans

Application & Database Design
Technical & Non-Technical Staff
Full System Life Cycle
User Requirements Gathering
Specifications Creation
Implementation & System Support
Database Administration
Program Design & Coding
Budgeting & Scheduling
Customer Service
Team Building & Supervision
Relationship Management
CAREER OVERVIEW

Sr. TECHNICAL PROGRAM MANAGER ITRADENETWORK 2011 – 2019
Managed and delivered various cross departmental projects with hybrid approach using Agile methodology.
Worked as a Product Owner and as a Scrum Master in large scale migration and new development projects.
Mentored, managed and motivated developers for successful and timely delivery of projects.
Provided expertise to Sales and Product Management for strategic Product Consolidation and Sales.
Prepared road map for Products across modules over iterative Projects to meet a common stakeholder object of customer process improvements.
Oversaw development of program schedules, resource allocation, and budgets. Tracked program budgets, provided forecasts, established and maintained program status summaries and metrics for portfolio.
Managed medium to large, complex projects with multiple dependencies using Agile processes in planning, implementation and support of business application components, including change and release management.
Worked as liaison with research and development, solution consultants, project managers, customers and sales representatives of leading global provider of on-demand supply chain management and intelligence solutions to food industry.

TEAM LEAD/Sr. SOFTWARE ENGINEER ITRADENETWORK 2008 – 2011
Coordinated multiple schedules and projects, prioritized deliverables and managed project scope to supply products in timely manner with minimal supervision.
Spearheaded development, execution, and completion of high quality, integrated cross-functional plans for projects, ensuring consistent practices throughout all phases of project life cycle.
Successfully designed and delivered Order Management, forecasting and logistics solution to TOP corporations in the United States and Canada that included Retailers, Suppliers and Distributors covering the Supply Chain Management end to end.

SENIOR SOFTWARE APPLICATION DEVELOPER/DBA AMCOM 2006 – 2008
Increased customer revenue by more than $7M annually by managing and leading development of multiple web-based projects for technology service provider.
Created dynamic reports for management and accounting needs, developing business intelligence reporting using ColdFusion, Crystal Reports, and Flex.
Managed mission critical production database of approximately 100GB, including normalization, optimization, performance tuning, DTS, data mining, packages, stored procedures, and backups.
Subject matter expert in analysis of new and existing technologies to meet current and future business needs.

WEB MASTER/DBA LITTLER MENDELSON 2001 – 2006
Project coordinator in complex projects requiring close participation of developers and business users. Assessed complexity of tasks at hand and their assignment to appropriate resources using FogBugz and Bugzilla.
Managed database administration and support of 30 servers, including IIS and JRUN configuration, and ColdFusion administration. Functioned as administrator of document management system (Interwoven).
Converted 30+ intranet applications from procedural ColdFusion to ColdFusion Components (CFCs).
Led customization, support, and maintenance of two internet sites, client extranets (Sun, Intel, Walgreens, etc.), intranet, and numerous applications for intranet portal for large firm specializing in employment labor law.
Oversaw releases, application upgrades, and rollout schedules, support of business-critical applications written in ColdFusion MX 6, Flash, Flex and JSP, and formal QA process.
Responsible for SQL Server database administration and development, including normalization, optimization, performance tuning, DTS, data mining, packages, stored procedures, and backup/restore.

WEB DEVELOPER BISNET 2001
Created and modified customized PDF version of insurance carriers for different clients, assisting with web-based product allowing employers to manage their employees’ benefits, employees to elect health benefits, and 401(k), insurance agencies to manage their employer clients, and insurance carriers to approve coverage.
Led development, customization, and support for internal and external applications written in ColdFusion with SQL Server database.

WEB DEVELOPER EVOKE 2001
Led development and maintenance of web and intranet sites, as well as creation and modification of intranet project plans, technical specifications, and documentation.
Developed and implemented marketing EPC project using ASP, VBScript, ADO, MS SQL Server, JavaScript, DHTML, SAFileUp and ASPMail.
Created and maintained CRM prospect database using Access 2000.

WEB DEVELOPER NEXTERA 2000 – 2001
Partnered with graphic designers and web team to develop and build complex browser-independent websites using DHTML, JavaScript, ColdFusion, Oracle, Java and JSP.
Provided technological expertise for redesign of NexteraInteractive.com, which was presented at Web Conference 2000 among 40 top websites.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

BS, Statistics and Mathematics, University Bar-Ilan (Israel)
Computer Science, City College of San Francisco

Certifications:
Certified Scrum Master (CSM), 2016
Project Management Professional (PMP), 2011
Microsoft SQL Server 2003 Administration, 2005
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Administration, 2004
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Programming, 2004
Macromedia Advanced ColdFusion MX Developer, 2003

Computer Skills:
Languages: JavaScript, Java, ColdFusion, VBScript, JSP, Action Scripting, FLEX, C++, HTML, CSS, SAS, UNIX Shell
JavaScript Frameworks: JQuery, Knockout, ExtJS
Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, MongoDB
Data Formats: JSON, XML
Version Control: Surround SVN, CVS, Visual Source Safe, PVCS
Contact this candidate