Jieun Kim
La Mirada, California *****
213-***-**** • adgg71@r.postjobfree.com • https://www.linkedin.com/in/jieunk8333/
Product Manager / Project Manager / Program Manager
Result oriented professional with success creating, coordinating, and managing complex business and process.
Cross functional experience over product, project and program managing.
Extensive knowledge including but not limited to E-Commerce and Technology.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Lead all aspects of a project life cycle—initiation, planning, execution, and closing phases.
Lead product development and improvement – ideation, implementation, launch and evaluation.
Adept in team building, collaborating with business leads and key stakeholders, managing deadlines, understanding and articulating priorities, architecting solutions, and delivering results.
Proficient maximizing an organization’s business impact through analytical thinking and implementation.
Evaluate existing business process and improve to optimize performance.
Excellent communicator with the innate ability to manage complex concurrent projects.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Core:
Product Management, Project Management, Program Management, Process Improving, Business Systems Analysis, Resource Management, Strategic Planning, Operations
Technical:
Agile Methodologies, Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO), SDLC, MS Office, Jira, Confluence, SharePoint, Slack, Teams, Point-of-Sale (POS), BI, Google Analytics, Google Optimize, SEO, SEM, ASO, Paid Search, Social Media, Content Management
E-Commerce:
B2B, B2C, UX/UI, Platform Migrations, A/B Testing, CMS, Search Engines, Merchandising, Payment Solutions, Fraud Prevention, Order Management, Inventory Management, Order Fulfillment Technology, Operations, Shipping, Omni Channel
Supply Chain:
Vendor Portals, WMS, TMS/Logistics, Planning, Allocation
Marketing:
Retail Marketing, Email Marketing, Remarketing, CRM
Professional Experience
TAP Worldwide, LLC. (a subsidiary of Polaris Inc.), Sep 2019 - current
E-Commerce Technical Project Manager (Sep 2019 – current)
Led and executed e-commerce project roadmap with the goal of delivering an outstanding e-commerce customer experience, increased brand and market presence and sales revenue through B2B and B2C websites. Was responsible for project planning, risk management, and issue resolution. Oversaw programs and multiple projects. Managed strategic and day-to-day planning, scheduling, tracking and reporting for web projects. Developed project deliverables including project plans, schedules and status reports. Facilitated meetings including preparing agendas and coordinating schedules and materials, documenting meeting minutes, following-up on action items. Analyzed requirements and collaborated with technical, business, creative and operations teams to design the best solutions and achieve the desired results. Served as subject-matter-expert for Agile methodology. Identified challenges in existing processed and recommended opportunities to improve.
Key Achievements:
Modified/optimized existing agile process and workflow to better align the work stream among teams. Managed transition to minimize any delays or blocks on completing current tasks.
Set up workflow and process for B2B e-commerce operations including web store, marketing site and backend processes between technical, sales, data and creative teams.
.Set up workflow and process for Branded sites and managed the execution of operational tasks and projects.
Migrated B2B e-commerce platform aligning with the ERP migration – from Legend to Sana Commerce that is integrated with Microsoft Dynamics 365.
Oversaw the version upgrade of B2C platform – Oracle ATG.
Managed and tracked the work and progress of security issues remediation.
Led the Committee of Customer Experience Optimization that is ongoing process of improving customer experience by analyzing voice of customers, customer behavior insights and etc..

Forever 21 / Riley Rose, Jul 2008 – Sep 2018
E-Commerce Technology Project / Product Manager (May 2016 – Sep 2018)
Facilitated Sprint planning sessions as Team Lead, providing numerous ongoing performance management solutions and applying custom technology to improve e-commerce for a portfolio of projects. Managed a team of Project Managers, Business Analysts, Quality Assurance Professionals, and Interns. Reviewed project submissions, gathered requirements, executed resource allocation, and oversaw project implementation, ensuring adherence to project deliverables and integrating risk mitigation strategies. Delivered key updates to stakeholders and senior leadership.
Key Achievements:
Integrated a new agile process within operations, optimizing workflows, and training staff and incorporating the use of Jira/Confluence software.
Spearheaded a Payment Gateway/Processor migration with a Fraud Prevention Tool, reducing costs by $1M and lowering fraud rate by 10%.
Incorporated new payment methods — ApplePay, PayPal Express, Venmo, AfterPay — to capture new customers and additional revenue.
Led multiple projects on Visual Search, Chatbot/Live Chat, Payment Solutions, Loyalty Programs, Omni Channels, and WCAG 2.0 ADA Accessibility Compliance.

Interim E-Commerce Marketing Manager (Sep 2017 – Feb 2018)
Led online marketing activities, development and execution of web campaigns and email marketing to drive sales and increase the customer base. Supervised third-party vendors executing SEO/SEM, paid search, paid social, and remarketing activities. Generated weekly and quarterly reports tracking metrics, ROAS, trends, and campaign results and presented to leadership teams. Collaborated cross-functionally to plan an annual marketing campaign calendar. Monitored budget and forecasted future spending.
Key Achievements:
Redesigned and optimized marketing emails, improving customer retention.
Segmented customer and developed a targeted email campaign, increasing open rates, click-throughs, and conversions.
Key player in a variety of digital enhancements initiatives, including Remarketing, Search Engines, Product Recommendation (Cross Sell/Up Sell), Personalization, and SEO Optimization.

Lead IT Business Analyst (May 2014 – Apr 2016)
Gathered business requirements to define project deliverables and goals, converting into functional requirements. Analyzed user needs to create project specifications and requirements, project scopes, and success metrics. Executed cost-benefits and ROI analysis to assist with decision-making. Assessed program and product data to reformulate strategies and implement mitigation strategies.
Key Achievements:
Migrated POS pinpad terminals to EMV compliant for 400+ retail store locations, minimizing scope of PCI and reducing fraud rates.
Integrated numerous technical improvements for website redesigns, Native APP Implementations, User Experience/User Interface (UX/UI), Platform Migrations, Merchandising, Content Management, and Blogger and Vendor Portals.

IT Project / Production Support (Jul 2008 – Apr 2014)
Performed gap analysis on information systems, creating alternative solutions and estimates. Assessed system errors to resolve production environment irregularities and prevent future incidents. Created a test index/matrix and facilitated end user training.
Key Achievements:
Installed sorter/conveyor hardware and Vargo's COFE (Continuous Order Fulfillment Engine) software to automate the pick, pack, and ship process in a fulfillment warehouse, doubling the average number of transactions processed per day and tripling during the peak seasons.
Oversaw delivery of a multitude of improvement projects for Order Management, Customer Service, Customer Management /Relationship, Inventory Management, Fulfillment/Warehouse Operations, Fulfillment Warehouse Automation, Shipping Strategies/Logistics, POS Systems, Payment Terminals/EMV, and Tax Solutions.

Education and Training
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, California State University, Northridge

Languages
Bilingual – English and Korean
Contact this candidate