PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND
Program / Project Management - Subcontract Management - Contract Negotiations
Quality Procedures / Assessment - Bid & Proposal Development – Business and Product Development
E-commerce Management - Strategic Planning / Forecasting - Financial Analysis - FAR / DFAR
Client / Customer Liaison - Import / Export Compliance & Administration
International Contract Development - Firearms Trainer / Instructor - Certified Firearms Armorer
Active Top-Secret Security Clearance
PMP Certification Pending

EXPERIENCE

DANE ENTERPRISES & CONSULTING INC. CURRENT
Warrenton, VA 20187
Consultant - Defense Contracts, Program Management, Subcontract Management and Procurement
Imbedded and working with several international, national, and local clients to assist and advise in all aspects of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) contract activity, Program Management and Subcontract Analysis and Procurement efforts
efforts.
Directly interact with client executive management, President, and Vice Presidents to manage DoD contracts.
Assist in the management of all types of DoD contracts: IDIQ, FFP, T&M FPAF, CPAF, CPIF etc.
Direct liaison to DoD agencies, clients and customers concerning contract activity.
Provide procurement assistance, advice and expertise for subcontract and supply chain management.
Technical writer / developer for SOW, white paper development.
Assist in the RFP review and Proposal development, capture and growth of client sales and revenues.
New product review, examination – sales, marketing and Business Development analysis.

LOCKHEED MARTIN 2 YEARS
Manassas, VA
SUBCONTRACTS MANAGER
Responsible for managing all efforts pertaining to Subcontractors performing services for Department of Defense classified contracts.
Budget control, manpower / workload planning, customer liaison, billing and invoice review, invoice authorization and payment, complex and critical procurement activities.
Analyze RFPs, determine proposal requirements, ensure flow downs, SOW development and review. Work closely with Program Management team to coordinate efforts of Subcontractors, track efforts and task completions.

PRAGMATICS 2 YEARS
Reston, VA 20190
DIRECTOR of CONTRACTS and PROCUREMENT
Directly managed Contracts and Procurement departments. Knowledge of Cost Accounting Standards, Small Business Administration policies, Federal appropriations law and polices.
Managed corporate wide efforts for 3 highly visible Government Audits to re-establish firms contracting and procurement status with the US Government.
Supervised and coordinate efforts of two departments simultaneously.

DANE ENTERPRISES & CONSULTING INC 2 YEARS
Warrenton, VA 20187
Consultant - Defense Contracts, Program Management, Subcontract Management and Procurement
Consultant working with several international, national, and local clients to assist and advise in all aspects of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) contract activity, Program Management and Subcontract Analysis and Procurement efforts.
Directly interact with client executive management, President and Vice Presidents to manage DoD contracts.
Assist in the management of all types of DoD contracts: IDIQ, FFP, T&M FPAF, CPAF, CPIF etc.
Direct liaison to DoD agencies, clients and customers concerning contract activity.

FN HERSTAL USA LLC 8 YEARS
McLean, VA 22102
DIRECTOR – Contracts and Program Administration
Accountable for all pertinent aspects of government issued contracts: Solicitation, RFQ and RFP review, Proposal development and response, Development of bid response and internal contract structure, Negotiations with client and contract finalization. Served as liaison between US Agencies/Companies and FN Herstal’s Belgium headquarters to ensure depth of understanding in the development and establishment of international contracts.
Assisted the development and coordination of bids/proposals submitted to U.S. DoD for new business opportunities. IDIQ contracts to $25 million value. Multiple FFP contracts over $1 million values.
Direct liaison to DoD agencies, Department of State (DoS), Department of Homeland Security (DHS) clients and customers concerning import and export control & licensing for over $5 million value per quarter.
Originated and developed the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for import and export request, compliance, and license requests. Developed tracking and monitoring system for all import and export activities for the organization.
Created a company training program and policy for establishment of a network of training facilities and procedures to be implemented nation wide for use with approved vendors and subcontractors for company products.
Directly involved with selection of venues for product marketing and business development activities. Certified trainer for company products. Provided hands-on demonstrations and product awareness of company products to both domestic and international clients.

JARI - PROCUREMENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE CENTER - (PTAC) 7 YEARS
Johnstown, PA 15901
DIRECTOR
Directly managed a Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) funded center and staff to provide DOD procurement assistance and advice to current and potential DOD contractors / subcontractors. Managed the maintenance and expansion of the center’s regional client base consisting of several hundred businesses throughout several counties.
Supervised and coordinate efforts that have tripled the client / customer base.
Streamlined all DoD and internal reporting functions via installation and expanded use of commercial software package.
Proposed and implemented reorganization and expansion of a large annual defense contractor showcase and networking event. Efforts and ideas resulted in approximate 300 % increase in revenue over a three-year period in addition to an increase in overall participation and attendance by more than 400%.
Consistently exceeded all goals and measurements levied on the center by the DOD funding agency by margins greater than 200%.

NIC COMMERCE INCORPORATED 2 YEARS
Reston, VA 20109
PROGRAM MANAGER
Responsible for initial development, deployment, and management of web-based e-commerce procurement systems. Managed a team of software programmers, graphic interface designers and information specialists to build on-line purchasing systems for both DoD and commercial clients.
Managed several contracts totaling approximately 10 million dollars.
Instrumental in business development activities responsible for company growth from a 15-person organization to approximately 100-person organization in 18-month timeframe.
Managed initial software development and rollout of firm’s largest / first commercial bank customer providing first multi-million dollar contract for the firm.

CONCURRENT TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 6 YEARS
Johnstown, PA 15904
PRINCIPAL BUSINESS MANAGER
Direct responsibility for business development and contract performance with DoD clients. On site liaison with Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) executive and technical personnel.
Launched remote office embedded in DLA agency and managed staff directly supporting SES and Two Star General.
Directly managed a team of engineers to develop and create business procedures and technical documents for overall program plan for new DoD program/initiative involving all DoD service branches across the United States.
Provided liaison and program management direction between technical and business communities in support of multiple contract efforts valued separately at 20 to 50 million dollars.
Directly managed customer support and liaison for several contracts.

IBM CORPORATION / Federal Systems Division 12 YEARS
Manassas, VA 22101
PROGRAM MANAGER / SUBCONTRACT PROGRAM MANAGER
Responsible for directing major firms subcontracted to IBM to provide weapon systems subassemblies. Contract values reaching 35 million dollars over multiple years.
Defined subcontractor efforts through writing of SOW, negotiating contract value, coordination of planned effort, reporting schedule and financial status to executive management.
Managed a complete design and integration team plus four major subcontractors for efforts at two U.S. Naval Air bases on each coast of the United States.
Multiple platform integration efforts over several years with continuous follow-on and upgrade efforts.
Lead writer/developer for the IBM division application for the U.S. Department of Commerce Malcolm Baldridge National Quality Award. Organized, prepared, and authored section 3.0, Strategic Quality Planning. Compiled data from six major operating sites across the United States to produce the highest scoring section of the application.
Managed and coordinated internal efforts for production and delivery of technical documentation to U.S. Navy. Contract value more than 10 million dollars per year.
Responsible for contract growth from 2-3 million per year to over 10 million per year.
Revamped proposal and bid process to remove company from the DoD scrutiny and contractor improvement list. Developed format and procedures used across entire division for proposal submission.

_

THE MOXHAM NATIONAL BANK 2 YEARS
Johnstown, PA 15904
ASSISTANT BRANCH MANAGER - COMMERCIAL LENDING BANK
Responsible for managing all daily bank activities including teller duties, loan and collection activities.

EDUCATION

THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY
MBA - Master of Business Administration Degree - Accelerated completion of program

THE UNIVERSITY of PITTSBURGH
BA - Business Economics - Dual Degree / Finance and Economics - Accelerated completion of program

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT – CONTINUING EDUCATION
PMP CERTIFICATION -
PMI Application - Certification in Process --- credit hours complete --- application approved

ASSOCIATION of PROCUREMENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE CENTERS
National Conference sites
Professional Development and Education Courses --- multiple credit hours
FAR and DFAR review & interpretation / Procurement Practices and Procedures

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT COURSES
Caldwell Consulting Associates / Richmond Chapter, NAPM VA
Certificate of Completion --- Contract Administration for Administrative and Procurement Analysts
Certificate of Completion --- Program Management and Administration

EXPORT COMPLIANCE SOLUTIONS / NORTHERN VIRGINIA
Certificate of Completion --- ITAR Basics and Beyond
Contact this candidate