Ricardo Sr. Technical Avila
Program Manager
About Me
Professional Experience
Hola! Thanks for taking the time to read my resume, now a little about myself... I am a Mexican native and am a true Austinite after 20+ years in Texas. I have over 20 years of experience in Healthcare IT, Software Development, and IT Support organizations, leading multiple Infrastructure and engineering projects from inception to completion to optimization and beyond. Over my years in IT, I have worked in roles including Developer, Project Manager, Program Manager, and more, while leading multiple teams in complex, multi- faceted software development projects across organizations. I am an organized thinker who loves a good plan and creates a structure for anything I work on. I truly strive to make things easier for myself and the teams I work with/lead. Thanks for reading on and 'let's get to work!'
Hard Skills
Program management
Servant leadership
Software development
Business processes
Agile coaching & mentorship
Soft Skills
Collaboration & team improvement
Decision-making
Direct, tactful communication
Multi-tasking
Education Background
St. Edwards University
PMP Certification class
Completed in 2013
American Technology Consulting (ACT)
SAFe Advance Scrum Master
Certification (SASM)
Completed in 2021
Scrum Alliance
Scrum Master Certification & Product
Owner Certification
Completed in 2015 & 2020
My Contact
advl9r@r.postjobfree.com
12008 Mystic Forest Ln, ATX
512-***-****
linkedin.com/in/avilaricardoe
Bestow Sr. Technical Program Manager
Direct Line Development Senior Project Manager
Hanger Sr. Supervisor - IT Clinical Apps Development 2020 – Present
2019 – 2020
2015 – 2019
Facilitate all aspects of engineering, leadership, and cross-functional teams including Agile ceremonies, prioritization, coordination, design, product requirements and more
Lead complex programs across multiple eng teams, business stakeholders, accounting, reporting, and third party vendors Coach, mentor, and foster a positive/collaborative team environment to accomplish complex initiatives across the org Key responsibilities:
Led project management team (6) for all Web Development & SEO Projects to meet the company's vision and strategy Monitored contracts, and SLAs to identify potential risks, and implement mitigation actions to protect the development process from unforeseen delays or costs
Presented KPI metrics to leadership on a regular and quarterly basis. Key responsibilities:
Led 2 teams of BSA's (6), and software developers (4) to drive software application project enhancements, functionality, and bug fixes to over 800 clinics.
Performed quarterly performance reviews, coaching, mentoring and 1:1 meetings.
Overall support of SOX, HIPAA, PHI, Internal Audit, and ITIL policies. Key responsibilities:
ITT Technical Institute
Associates of Science - Computer IT
Administration and Management
Completed in 2008
Contact this candidate