Richard P. Guidorizzi
**** ********* ******
Fairfax, VA 22032 Cell: 571-***-**** adwieu@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Executive Technology Leadership, where proven strengths in creativity, analysis, & organization along with extensive experience in cyber security & IT operations will significantly contribute to an organization's ability to discriminate between vaporware & true technology innovation, changing their IT expenses from a cost burden to a mission enabler.

BACKGROUND SUMMARY
Demonstrated experience & increasing management responsibility has included:
Cyber Security
Information Assurance
Technology Evaluation
Information Security
Program Analysis
Public speaking
Classified program management
Vulnerability Assessment
Network & Computer Security
Information Security Management
Management Related
Program & Project Management
Technology Management
Financial management
Technology contract management
Strategic planning & Governance
Budgeting
Cross-Functional Team Leadership
Risk & opportunity management
Technology Related
Systems Engineering
Enterprise Architecture
Zero Trust Architecture
Technology business case analysis

PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Led the Department of State in the initiation of a Zero Trust Architecture by creating a vendor agnostic Zero Trust Architecture allowing the Department’s leadership to understand the core concepts relating to Zero Trust.

Conceived, designed, & developed the $30m Active Authentication (AA) program to address critical challenges in Identity Management. AA shifted the paradigm from a focus on complicated passwords or special tokens to the management of the user’s identity based on aspects of the user visible as they normally function to ensure the user is in control of their session at all times. Created a new category of biometrics called cognitive biometrics & developed 25 new modalities for desktops & mobile devices in the data already available to those devices. Successfully identified a transition partner (DoD/CERDEC) who is self-managing the product, ($9 million FY13-16), giving the program a clear transition path into the Army.

Created the $12m Integrated Cyber Analysis System program at DARPA to address the cyber defender’s challenges in being able to access & understand the data stored on their network. This program creates a metadata layer on the network, allowing the cyber defenders to interrogate all systems (of whatever make or model) without having detailed training or understanding of each specific technology deployed in their environment. The creation of this metadata layer is expected to reduce the time to discover of cyber-attacks from months to minutes.

Provided critical advice, guidance, & support to the Pentagon Police Department (PPD) & Federal Facilities Division (FFD) related to communication & access to data provided by IT sensors in the building immediately after the 9-11 attack on the Pentagon. Led the effort to provide functioning IT systems for PPD, FFD, & the multitude (more than 20) organizations that responded to the Pentagon attack. Coordinated the setup of the Joint Operations Cell at Ft Myer. Analyzed evolving requirements, made technology & budget recommendations for the new Biological-Chemical Joint Operations Cell created at the Pentagon, & led the coordination & setup of computerized CBRN detectors in & around the Pentagon. Received commendation letters from Pentagon Police Department & Federal Facilities Division for these activities.

Created an IT organization for the newly formed Pentagon Force Protection Agency that was created in response to the 9-11 attack on the Pentagon. Guided the development of the organization structure, defined billets, defined roles & responsibilities, budget plans, organizational objectives, & congressional defense for the organization within the new PFPA as they changed from a department with fewer than 100 positions & outsourced support to an agency with more than 500 positions with internally managed support. Developed & implemented a transition strategy to move PFPA from the previous IT support to a new internally managed support organization.

Managed DARPA’s $15+ million Cyber Fast Track (CFT) program, which contains 132 individual cyber security projects performed by the top US based cyber security talent. Coordinated transition of technology to more than 24 agencies in the defense department & federal government.

Led the creation of large scale “demo days” to provide demonstrations of technology (one for the I2O office & one specifically for CFT) at the Pentagon where all respective technologies are demonstrated to ensure maximum visibility to transition partners, & include live demonstrations of the relevant technologies along with direct access to the DARPA Principal Investigators. The I2O & CFT demo days were conducted in May 2014 with an estimated attendance of 3,000. They included representation from 200 DARPA projects at the Pentagon for I2O Demo Day (36 were my projects) and 130 CFT Projects on CFT demo day (all were my projects).

As the DCIO and IT Director at DARPA created the first smart phone related pilot that received written approval from both NSA & the DoD CIO’s office to allow the use of smart phones (iPhones) into DARPA. Initial deployments included all DARPA senior leadership, and I was able to expand to include deploying to all DARPA government staff.

EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE

Chief Engineer SAIC Vanguard 2.2.1 Contract, Department of State, Washington, DC
Responsible for managing the technical execution of the Vanguard 2.2.1 Contract providing engineering support to the Department of State. The contract was a 10 year contract with a value of $2.2b currently and is on its 13th year (due to extensions), it includes over 800 engineers providing support to every technology in use at the State (domestic and overseas) including converged networks (voice and data), systems and messaging, Endpoint Detection and Response, network monitoring systems, ICAM, PKI infrastructure, converged data centers, software life cycle engineering, patch development and management, remote access solutions.
Responsible (as the Chief Engineer) for ensuring the execution of all the technologies supported by our customer (IRM, State's IT department). Works as direct advisor to State's senior leadership. Managed the execution of all major projects including a complete redesign of the Identity Infrastructure (including Active Directory, cloud services through Okta, and engagement with the ICAM solution). Worked with State’s leadership on the Pandemic response moving the Department’s 126k users from 99% on site to 95% remote in 8 weeks. Personally responsible for ensuring the evaluation of new technologies and effective execution of all selected technological solutions across State in each its functional areas, while ensuring all solutions integrate and work across all the varying IT functional areas providing the customer the best solution most cohesive solution. Also responsible for advising government leadership in the management of our program as we as all other activities relating to technology within State. Coordinated moving to a telework environment for all engineers and the customer base during and after the pandemic. Supported the response and mitigation for several major cyber security incidents. (Feb 2016-Present)

Deputy Program Manager, Enterprise Engineering, SAIC Vanguard 2.2.1 Contract, Department of State, Springfield, VA
Responsibilities included providing technical direction and leadership for State operational networks reaching more than 250 sites across the world. Managed more than 230 engineers across all disciplines (identity and authentication, network, directory services, systems, messaging, management support tools, security, remote management) used in the management of the DoS world-wide IT infrastructure. Brought a deeper understanding of IT operations and cyber security to guide the development and enhancement of the DoS IT systems. (Dec 2014-Feb 2016)

Consultant, Kudu Dynamics, Fairfax, VA
Kudu Dynamics focuses on beyond state of the art in information security, leapfrogging the commoditization of conventional CNO and CND. Acted as a subject matter expert distilling the advanced cyber security problems faced by the government into the salient components and then refining the solutions until they're actionable across technical, budgetary, regulatory and political domains. (Nov 2014-2019)

Adjunct Professor, George Mason University, Fairfax, VA
Computer Science Department, taught Cyber Security related subjects. (July 2015-2018)

Program Manager, Information Innovation Office (I2O), DARPA, Arlington, VA
Was responsible for having the vision and technical credibility to be able to bring operational innovation together with world-class researchers to create revolutionary changes in cyber technology for DoD. Developed ideas & programmatics for new high-risk, high payoff research & development programs for the DoD and managed the development of the technology. Interacted extensively with senior officials of a number of agencies within the DoD & the intelligence community. Was personally responsible for creating partnerships with government individuals and organizations who could transition the technologies developed into use in the government. Created, secured funding, & managed the finances of several computer network & computer warfare research programs totaling more than $100m that worked to change paradigms relating to computer operations & defense. Developed relationships with potential transition partners to allow for the integration of a number of new revolutionary technologies from his programs into the DoD, Federal, and civilian spaces. Managed several classified research programs. Reviewed the contractual submissions of more than 500 potential research projects. (Nov 2010-Nov-2014)

Director, Information Resources Directorate, Deputy CIO, DARPA, Arlington, VA
Functioned as the primary point of contact for the information technology needs of the DARPA organization. Provided strategic vision for the use of technology within the agency’s to achieve the mission goals. Integrated the new strategic goals into performance goals of his government personnel & the daily operations of his contract staff. Provided a level of oversight & management that removed the daily operations of technology from the concerns of the agency director. Worked with the existing organization to bring existing good practices to the next level of maturity, while maintaining normal operations. Responsible for an annual budget of $40m. Coordinated three major contract transitions of my support staff. Led the source selection and coordinated the evaluation process for each contract. Created the Technology Development & Integration group to manage the introduction of new technology into the organization. Routinely provided advice & guidance to the DARPA director. (Nov 2007 – Nov 2010)

Project Manager, Missile Defense Agency in National Capital Region (NCR), Contract under Zen Technology Inc (a subsidiary of SI International), Washington, DC
Directed & led staff & operations over five years of constant series of challenges related to both the development of coalitions within shifting groups & within new organization. Re-organized $90m MDA contract to adapt to changes in vision of my CORs. Integrated goals of each of CORs into CIO’s strategic plans. Provided technical assistance on current operations plans & future designs of CORs. Developed strategy to form partnerships within new organization, where customer was able to take credit for successes. Routinely provided technical advice & guidance to Director of IT Office & to the CIO as a member of his senior staff. Made recommendations to CIO on development of MDA Enterprise, IT strategic plan, & other integrated information initiatives. Assumed responsibility as key company representative, to lead, manage & direct IT & information resources management for MDA. Recommended applied IT budgetary guidelines in conjunction with CIO’s CFO. Ensured that IT investments were effective, efficient, & in accordance with Federal guidance to execute sound capital planning & investment strategies. Established policies & procedures for effective accounting & reporting of applied IT resources & expenditures. Formulated & justified short & long-term budget planning to assist CIO in developing POM submissions. (Oct 2002 – Nov 2007)

Senior Network Engineer, Real Estate & Facilities (RE&F), Pentagon Contract, under Zen Technology Inc, Arlington, VA
Served as essential driving force in identifying, prioritizing & developing technical solutions for agency. Assumed responsibility as lead engineer on contract at Pentagon supporting client that was responsible for infrastructure of Pentagon. Monitored & evaluated performance of advanced IT programs on basis of applicable performance measurements, & advised the government regarding whether to continue, modify, or terminate programs. Provided vision, leadership & advice in development of information technology strategies, ensured that organizational information, information technology, & cyber security matters were designed, managed & utilized to support organizational priorities. Provided needed leadership & direction for each of departments in new Pentagon Force Protection Agency to identify realistic IT solutions, to formulate budget required to acquire these solutions, & to create feasible strategy to deploy over the next five years. Facilitated, led & directed fast response changes in IT support & provided required management to customers with efficient & reliable working IT systems at Pentagon crash site on 12 September 2001. Developed & documented standards for servers, including security requirements. Managed the deployment of a range of enterprise applications. Developed a process for product evaluation & the documentation of requirements within the organization. Established lab for testing products & configuration changes. Successfully planned & managed 3 major operating system upgrades of the server & desktops across the enterprise. Successfully planned & managed the deployment & upgrade several enterprise applications (including a migration from cc:Mail to Exchange). Developed a security configuration for the Windows 2000 systems to minimize the customer risk. (Dec 1997 – Jan 2003)

Principal Network Engineer, U.S. Postal Services HQ, Contract under CDSI, Washington, DC
Initially came on as a Lead Engineer, moved to the position of Principal Network Engineer within a year. Originally responsible for the GC Law Department network & servers. Responsibilities expanded to include all 64 Novell & Windows NT file servers providing support to most of the customers within the USPS Headquarters. Supported Help Desk operations & developed processes & procedures to train Help Desk staff. Personally performed network & application troubleshooting, specifically resolving problems that required interaction between various application components across the enterprise networks. Assumed responsibility for managing Operations Engineering responsible for third level engineering support. Determined ways to improve system performance, & developed & implemented test environment. Planned & managed the first migration to standard Postal computing environment of Novell Enterprise servers. Work with the planned standard configuration for desktops/servers for deployment, & documented the needed changes to the USPS standards group. (Feb 1995 - Dec 1997)

Network Engineer, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Contract under CDSI, Wash., DC
Team leader for Systems Engineering Group responsible for network, server, & cable plant management. Responsibilities included the migration from a network of 26 IBM servers supporting 500 users in three buildings to 8 server Novell network connected to Sanyo SAN supporting 1,600 users, concurrently planned & coordinated integration of the three buildings into a single MAN. Evaluated impact & use of security products to include virus protection, firewalls, & management stations. Planned, managed, & executed migration from a bridged token ring network to FDDI collapsed backbone using intelligent hubs. (Feb 1993 – Feb 1995)

Network Engineer, US Department of Justice, EOAF Contract under Mid Atlantic Business Systems (MABS) & Westco, Washington, DC
Led engineer responsible for management & coordination of all IT support to the contract. Was responsible for configuration of GOSIP compliant multi-server site & two existing project LANs (Novell). Trained & supervised backup LAN administrator. Evaluated sub-tasks of contract performed by other contractors included an E-Mail product evaluation & a telecommunication network (423 LANs, plus 865 individual machines). (Nov 1990 – Feb 1993)

Senior Analyst, Morganti, Inc., Ridgefield, CT
Led analyst & senior member of Data Processing department responsible for computer operations related to microcomputers & SYS-36 operations. Evaluated potential areas for technology-based business process improvements. Determined the need for, acquired, & installed Novell 2.15 LAN using IBM token ring & IBM PS/2s for the Estimating department. Created a five-year plan to transfer entire company (one department at a time) from SYS-36 to PC LAN based system. Catalogued & maintained computer systems at all company sites. (Jan 1990 – Nov 1990)

Analyst, James A. Jennings, Co., Mamaroneck, NY
Administered & managed computer operations (SYS-36 & micro), implemented computerized scheduling of jobs, & developed programs (in RPG II & Lotus) to improve accounting & estimating functions. (Aug 1988 – Dec 1989)

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
M.S., Technology Management, August 2009, George Mason University, Fairfax,VA
B.S., Computer Information Science, June 1988, IONA College, New Rochelle, NY
TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS
Management
Help Desk Management (Oct 1996) ITIL Foundations (certified Jun 2005)
Establishing a Service Desk (ITIL) (Feb 2006) Project Management (Jun 2005)
Document Management Plan (Dec 2006) Quality Program (Jun 2006)
Core-PMP Project Management Essentials (2006) Federal CIO Certificate (Aug 2009)
Technical
CISSP (June 2007) MCSE 2000 (certified 2003)
F5 Configuration Professional (2000) Certified Novell Engineer, (Dec 1991)
CLEARANCE DoD Top Secret/SCI (expired CI polygraph), United States Citizen (by birth)
Contact this candidate