SHIVAJI PRADHAN
Email: adx0dn@r.postjobfree.com, Phone: +1-262-***-****
Current Role Description
Technical program manager/delivery leader
Leading a multi-disciplinary team to design, develop and launch digital workflow management of Software Designed Networking and Optical Fiber Consumption program adopting POD (Payment- On-Delivery) execution and IT operational excellence model. Selected Project Experience
Total Experience – 22+ Years
• Led a cross-functional team spanning Technology, Business Development, Operations Management practice areas to implement Optimized Delivery model across 7 business domains spanning multiple geographical locations for Verizon.
• Refined rightsizing strategy by outsourcing development and validation activities resulting in increased offshore team size and savings in cost budget for Verizon.
• Enhanced customer experience management in digitization of Order-To-Cash business process across various digital products/offerings for Equifax Global Financial Systems business unit, and led scaling efforts to rollout for other service units.
• Improved pre-sales efficiency and reduced development overhead by creating a plan to merge related/redundant/outdated features into an optimized latest version of on-demand- trial digital products targeted towards different sizes of client law firms for Thomson Reuters Digital Legal.
• Managed a Global Audit Process re-engineering program to design and consolidate services processes to digitize end-to-end and standardized information exchange, collaboration & review platform so as to facilitate effective & restructure controlled communication mechanism between the KPMG Audit Engagement and their respective Client teams.
• Improved sales efficiency by leading sustained adoption of a new CRM application that re- engineered and re-designed key sales support workflows for GE Healthcare.
• Managed multi-disciplinary technical teams comprising of engineers practicing niche skill sets
& technologies such as SOA, ESB, BPEL, BPM, Java/J2EE, Informatica, webMethods, SFDC, Apttus, Siebel, Adode Enterprise Manager, Bonita BPM, RH PAM, Java Microservices with AWS and reviewing project cost/schedule/resource requirements, monitoring and tracking ongoing projects to ensure timely deliveries on commitments.
• Facilitated Leadership Review meetings between IT Leadership teams and Business Leadership teams spread across different geographical locations to report on business values delivered, program health checks, identifying immediate and long-term risks and resolving impediments blocking committed on-time and on-budget deliveries.
• Led and precipitated in SOX Compliance audits, GXP Validation interview and audits, FDA regulations audits, Application Security reviews.
• Developed strategic insights and digital products for the following industrial domains: Shipping transportation, Manufacturing, E-Commerce, Health Care, Audit (Finance), Legal, Communication, Media and Information services
• Education
Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech.), Major in Computer Engineering, University of Kalyani, India
• Additional Information
Program Management: SDLC, Resource Planning, Rally, Jira, MS Project
Methodologies: Scaled Agile framework and scrum, Waterfall, XP, TDD/DSDM
Technical Skills: Java microservices, AWS, Oracle SOA Suites, Pega PRPC, RedHat Process Automation Manager, Bonita BPM
Certifications: CSM, PMP Trained, SFDC Certified Developer, Apttus Quote-To-Cash Certification, Pega Systems Boot Camp and Fast Track 6.1, Oracle SOA Foundation Practitioner, Oracle Technology Support Specialist Assessment, Six Sigma Green Belt Employment Summary:
Since Feb 2020 Infosys Limited
Project Summary:
Workflow management and network transformation
for One Fiber Site Management & consumption and
CoFEE Engineering application
Duration: Feb 2020 till date
Customer name: Verizon Wireless, USA
Project Description: This enterprise level integration plans to enable a site management and consumption business transformation process which will consolidate all workflow management activities for new site requests, site review, site updates, fiber consumption and network circuit design and dispatch along with various network transformation initiatives across different markets segments.
Java based microservices over AWS have been built as the current Enterprise integration tool primarily interfacing with Bonita BPM tool responsible for enabling Engineering Project Managers to complete workflow management and review tasks and complete necessary approval/rejection actions.
Solution Environment: Oracle RDS, Springboot Java Micro services, AWS, Bonita BPM, RedHat Process Automation Manager, JIRA, Confluence, GitHub, Jenkins. Role Description: Technical Program Manager/Delivery Leader Delivery and Quality Management:
• Leading a team of ~ 20 engineers in the design and implementation of BPM process workflows using RedHat Process Automation Manager after successfully migrating from Bonita Designer Studio Version 7.3 and 7.8.4 and corresponding Java micro services applications using Spring Tool Suites to complete end-to-end functionality integration between CoFEE Engineering and BPM applications.
• Participate in the Grooming and Planning session with business leaders and stakeholders to review and approve Sprint stories and assignments for the delivery team and use Value Stream Mapping to design the to-be business process for the network consumption ordering process and complete fit-gap analysis.
• Participate in JAD workout sessions with technical team and business product owners to understand their unique document collaboration requirements and create core business rules.
• Reviewing and tracking technical component user stories for the Sprint releases and interacting with functional and technical teams to move the status across Sprint boards.
• Interacting with clients and all stakeholders periodically to prioritize requirements and manage the delivery of scope & approach document, functional use cases, Concept decks, Product requirement documents, Conceptual Design Documents and Business Test Scripts as per program standards.
• Establishing and monitoring management processes for requirements, issues, change and quality management, overall project health, emergent issues, SLAs. May 2004 – Feb 2020 Tata Consultancy Services
Project Summary:
Workflow management and network transformation
for One Fiber Site Management & consumption and
CoFEE Engineering application
Duration: Sep 2019 till Jan 2020
Customer name: Verizon Wireless, USA
Role Description: Technical Delivery Lead/ Integration manager Project Description: This enterprise level integration plans to enable a site management and consumption business transformation process which will consolidate all workflow management activities for new site requests, site review, site updates, fiber consumption and network circuit design and dispatch along with various network transformation initiatives across different markets segments.
Java based microservices over AWS have been built as the current Enterprise integration tool primarily interfacing with Bonita BPM tool responsible for enabling Engineering Project Managers to complete workflow management and review tasks and complete necessary approval/rejection actions.
Solution Environment: Oracle RDS, Springboot Java Micro services, AWS, Bonita BPM, JIRA, Confluence, GitHub, Jenkins.
Order-To-Cash business transformation for Global
Financial Services
Duration: Apr 2019 till Aug 2019
Customer name: Equifax, USA
Role Description: Scrum Master/Technical Delivery Lead/ Integration manager Project Description: This enterprise level integration plans to enable a global Order-To-Cash business transformation process which will consolidate all order capture initiatives, pricing, rating, billing, invoicing, bill presentment, revenue recognition and revenue sharing related to all lines of business in US and across world markets.
Java based micro services over AWS have been built as the current Enterprise integration tool primarily responsible for interfacing transaction data from Customer source systems to BRM target system.
Solution Environment: Oracle ADF, Oracle Billing and Revenue Management system, Spring boot Java Micro services, AWS, Apigee Edge, Bit Bucket, JIRA, Confluence. On Demand Trial for Customer Experience in Digital - Duration: May 2018 till Mar 2019
Customer name: Thomson Reuters, USA
Role Description: Scrum Master/Technical Delivery Lead/ Integration manager Project Description: On Demand Trial initiative builds incrementally on the omni-channel launch and availability of digital capabilities into legal applications in order to reach out to all sizes of client law firms and agencies.
Features enable clients to request free trials for themselves as well their colleagues within a predesignated duration for selective digital products/offerings in form of clickable links in legal portals and applications.
Existing functionalities for Sales and marketing teams to manage and roll-out trials for digital products and offerings are also being enhanced in order build a seamless and smooth digital experience for all end users of this application.
Solution Environment: Adobe Experience Manager, SFDC, Hybris, Eloqua, Oracle SOA Suites, JIRA. Audit Collaboration Program -
Projects:
o KPMG Clara Client Collaboration -
Global Deployment
o Audit Collaboration – 2017
enhancements
o Engagement Site - 2017 enhancements
Duration: Jul 2016 till Apr 2018
Customer name: KPMG Global Services, USA
Role Description: Scrum Master/Business Consultant/ Lead Business Analyst Project Description: Audit Collaboration program consists of 3 separate web applications. Engagement Site is an online portal built to provide a standardized information exchange, collaboration & review platform so as to facilitate effective & controlled communication mechanism between the KPMG Audit Engagement Group & Component internal teams. KPMG Central Audit Collaboration is an online portal built to provide a standardized information exchange, collaboration & review platform so as to facilitate effective & controlled communication mechanism between the KPMG Audit Engagement and Client teams to connect and communicate easily with people and groups across the KPMG network through: secure file exchange, document tracking & monitoring and Audit engagement & project management including Prepared By Client(PBC) deliverables. KPMG Clara Client Collaboration enables KPMG engagement teams to create online collaboration workspaces to exchange knowledge and information on Audit Data analytics both internally within Group & Component teams and externally with clients users and external Joint Auditors through a secure, web-based environment comprised of Web pages, document libraries, calendars and lists. Solution Environment: MS Share Point Services 2013, HTML5, JavaScript, HP ALM, Akamai. ITO & OTR Program -
Projects:
o SWB - Americas CPQ PC Phase 3,
Phase 4 and LCS Deployment
o Apttus Global Deployment – Integration
& Support
o Global Product Mart Product Controller
ship Deployment Support
Duration: Mar 2014 till Jun 2016
Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Business Consultant/ Integration Manager/ Lead Business Analyst Project Description: Sales Workbench (SWB) is the real time selling portal of GE Healthcare and caters to the functional needs of the Sales team. SWB is a web-based application for the Sales representatives to manage opportunities, product configurations, and prices, generate quotes, orders for medical products. This application is divided into 5 modules -- Territory Management, Common Data Object Tools, Account & Opportunity Management (SFDC), Configure Price Quote Tools, Configure Price Quote.
This project is about implementing enhancements for the applications to deploy the LCS product line of GE Healthcare and also to fulfil the GEHC Product Controller ship Phase 3 requirements as mandated by Federal Drug and Administration (FDA) to enable GEHC medical devices to meet the Federal Drug and Administration (FDA) Unique Device Identification (UDI) regulations. Solution Environment: Agile, MyWorkshop, GPM, Oracle Apps, SOA, Webmethods, Crossworlds, Java, JavaScript, PL/SQL, Shell script, Selectica, CVS, Quality Center Project: Sales Workbench (SWB) Program –
Americas CPQ Phase 2, Sales Workbench
Integration with SalesForce application
Duration: Jun 2013 to Feb 2014
Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Project Manager /Lead Business Analyst Project Description:
This project is about SWB enhancements to enable GEHC medical devices to meet the Federal Drug and Administration (FDA) Unique Device Identification (UDI) regulations. This engagement is focused on implementing product structures to uniquely identify a medical device, integration with Oracle GPM and downstream impact analysis to support this change through order and fulfilment.
Features focused on integrating SalesForce (used for Account & Opportunity Management) with Sales Workbench (used for Quoting) seamlessly.
Solution Environment: Agile, MyWorkshop, GPM, Oracle Apps, SOA, Webmethods, Crossworlds, Java/J2EE, JavaScript, PL/SQL, Shell script, Selectica, CVS, Quality Center Project: Sales Workbench (SWB) Platform Vitality Duration: Jan 2012 to May 2013 Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Project Manager/Lead Business Analyst Project Description:
This project is about re-vitalizing the platform from Weblogic 8 to Weblogic 10.3.0.4, Oracle 10g to Oracle11g and Selectica 8.1 to Selectica 10.2. This also involves moving the entire infrastructure from Solaris to Linux and making the entire application validated as per the Computer System validation requirements of Federal Drug and Administration (FDA). Solution Environment: Java/J2EE, JavaScript, PL/SQL, Shell script, Selectica, CVS, Quality Center Project: Aggregate Spend Tool Duration: July 2011 to Dec 2011 Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Project Manager
Project Description:
This pilot project is about GEHC establishing a strategic program where they will build a Business Process Management (BPM) platform that automates and manages its processes for its physician spend programs (advisory boards, physician speaker programs, consulting contracts) to improve time to market, customer retention, and operational transparency and also captures and tracks payments and other compensation to physicians so GEHC can be compliant with the US Government - Physician Payments Sunshine Act of 2010 Solution Environment: Pega PRPC 6.x,Weblogic,Visio 2003 Project: Integration Competency Centre (ICC)
Development
Duration: August 2009 – July
2011
Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Project Manager
Project Description: EAI Development team undertakes multiple Integration development projects that are requested to the Technology Services CoE. The Integration developed across various existing applications used within GEHC using various supported Integration technology. All the projects are executed following the Onsite Offshore model.Integration technologies used: Webmethods Trading Network 6.5, Webmethods Developer 6.5, Oracle SOA Suite 10.1.3.3, Informatica Powermart 6.0, Informatica Powercenter V 7.1.1, 7.1.2, Informatica SAP Powerconnect 7.1.2, Informatica Powercenter 8.6, WBI ICS 4.3.0.4, WBI Adapter Framework 2.6.0.7, MQ 5.3 CSD 13, First Logic 4.21c, Systinet 2.1.1 Solution environment: Oracle SOA Suites 10g, Oracle Applications (R12), WinCVS, BPEL, XML, XSL Project: Healthcare Systems IT OpEx project Duration: March 2009 – July 2009
Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Project Coordinator / Lead Business Analyst Project Description: This project caters to the various compliance and process related requirements to ensure operational excellence in the Healthcare Systems IT Project management and leadership activities. Several custom report applications and metrics data repository are being designed and maintained in order to facilitate this mechanism. Solution environment: Mercury Quality Center, WinCVS, XML, PL/SQL Project: Scientific Asset Services (SAS) AssetPlus Infrastructure consolidation and SSO Integration project Duration: September 2008 -
February 2009
Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Project Leader / Lead Business Analyst Project Description: Scientific Asset Services (SAS) is GE Healthcare’s continuing investment in delivering cutting-edge multi vendor services and solutions for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The key objective of the project is to deploy scalable hosting platform to support SAS business growth for GEHC LS Service P&L. AssetPlus tool is in-house GEHC software that is developed & supported by a dedicated technical team. Solution environment: Eclipse IDE, Mercury Quality Center 9.2, MS Project, MS Visio, Java2/JSP/Servlet, JDK1.5
Project: Sales Workbench CPQ Selectica Duration: May 2004 - August 2008
Customer name: GE Healthcare, USA
Role Description: Track Leader (May 2004 – May 2005) Module Leader (June 2005 – March 2006) Onsite Project Leader (March 2006 – March 2008) Project Group Mentor (March 2008 – August 2008)
Project Description: Configure, Price & Quote (CPQ) system enables fast and accurate and uniform quoting across entire GE HealthCare business span. With the increasing number, configurability and complexity of products offered by GEHC to customers globally, the CPQ system will provide GEHC Sales Reps and Distributors with the ability to create valid product combinations, priced to the lowest denomination, in quotations to customers within minutes, requiring the involvement of engineers or back-office personnel to ensure compatibility. CPQ system is the global tool used by all GEHC Sales Reps and Distributors for all Configuration, Pricing, and Quoting. It provides a platform for creating, storing, pricing, validating, sharing and reporting on quotations. In addition, the CPQ system serves as a source of information for internal promotions, pricing plans, financing options, service plans, and other dynamic quote components. Solution environment: Eclipse IDE, Win CVS, Test Director, Quality Center, Java 2/J2EE, Servlet, JSP, DHTML, XML, XMLBeans, JavaScript, PL/SQL, Selectica Gen2 Project summary prior to TCS:
August 2002 - May 2004 Thinksol Overseas Pvt. Ltd. Project: iAtlas Development Duration: August 2002 – May 2004
Customer name: Atlantic Container Line AB, USA
Role Description: Senior Software Developer
Project Description: The project has various modules like Security & Administration, Customer Profile Management, Equipment Control, Dispatch, Location Maintenance, System Tables, General Tables, LOLO & RORO Traffic and Tracking System, Shipment, EDI Control. iATLAS is the web- enabled version of the famous ATLAS System developed by ACL and one of the world’s top shipping-related software, developed in PowerBuilder with Oracle database. It is a multi-tier, thin client web application system, following the MVC approach and J2EE specifications and deployed on Oracle9iAS Application Server with backend Oracle 9i. UI screens developed using DHTML, JavaScript and JSP in hidden frames in the DHTML pages with servlets used for web server extension functionalities like authenticating the users logged in to the system, delegating the respective actions depending on the requests made and EJB used as Stateless Session Beans only. Solution environment: Jdeveloper9, PVCS Version Manager, Microsoft Script Debugger, Java 2/J2EE, Servlet, JSP, DHTML, Session Beans, JavaScript, PL/SQL September 2000 - August 2002 Digital Domain India Pvt. Ltd. Project: Sales portal Development, Maintenance & Support for Stream Rocket, USA
Duration: September 2000 -
August 2002
Customer name: Stream Rocket, USA
Role Description: Software Engineer
Project Description: The project involved the development, uploading of files to the hosting servers in USA, maintenance and support. There were multiple sales portals dealing in online Car trading, Real Estate & Property Dealings for clients based in Santa Fe, USA. Visitors to these sites can browse through the online catalogs and earmark their favourite choices for future correspondence or fix up appointments instantly through emails with the sales personnel of the trading parties. Visitors can also send photo recommendation of their choices to their acquaintances, so that they can visit the sites.
Solution environment: VSS, DreamWeaver 4, Java 2/J2EE, Servlet, JSP, DHTML, Javascript
Contact this candidate