Aleksandr Koshurin

adxpg5@r.postjobfree.com • 917-***-****
Woodmere, NY • Linkedin

Summary
A highly experienced Information System Management, Financial and Market data professional is seeking a full time management position at the company. Innovative leader with extensive experience directing cross-functional teams for system engineering, support and delivering projects. Strong leadership and technical skills with more than ten years of senior management experience and over 20 years of hands on experience in data management, application development, disaster recovery, network infrastructure, systems implementation, data center management and migration, data warehousing, and digital transformation and automation.
Qualifications Summary
Excel at Recruiting and Mentoring technical and business teams, with experience in technical and operational training, employee engagement, team building, personal and professional development, vendor management.
Influential Leader who will inspire people towards the delivery of common goals and objectives by setting high goals coupled with continuous feedback and acknowledgement to the team members to ensure constant alignment and team effectiveness.
Strong Delivery Expert manage multi-million dollar programs included system design software development, data transfer/management(using API, MQ), hardware procurement and computer network setup, adept at utilizing SDLC Waterfall and Agile/SCRUM focusing on continuous improvement and program efficiency.
Track record of successful project delivery with minimal downtime with programs such as mergers and acquisitions, data engineering and migration, network infrastructure, and mobile and application development, and ecommerce platform.
Skilled in diverse stakeholder communication, adept at collaborating with senior leadership, business and IT partners, team members, and customers.
Comprehensive understanding of computer systems, networks, security, telecommunications, cloud servers and products, and conventional database storage systems.
Career Experience
CitiGroup, Jersey City, NJ April 2022 – Present
Sr. Technical Program Manager/Contract
Managing Legacy Securities Services applications retirement initiative for ICG-IT Organization. Managed Operations Team to automate manual data collection of securities reference data to supplement and accommodate real time market data feeds. Leading the team of Business Analysts, Developers, and Product Owners that works on development and delivering cost-effective, low latency access to aggregated global market data (SMC). Support data collection and feed integration of financial and reference data for downstream end clients. Follow data governance procedures and incorporated them into project management life cycle. Collaborated with PMO on enterprise framework and RACI methodology. The framework provides clarity of action and methods to increase project efficiencies by streamlining goals, inter-departmental teamwork, budget and schedule adherence and resource management. Embedded data integration streams into enterprise level programs for Citi clients. Ensured that data quality standards are met as prescribed by business through the effective implementation or use of approved processes and methodologies. Performed project-related data quality reviews and collaborated with IT QA on improvements of testing methodologies.

MasterCard, New York, NY October 2021 – March 2022
Sr. Technical Program Manager/Contract
Leading global initiative for Secure Remote Commerce Organization to comply with local regulatory out of US territory. As a TPM within SRC drive business and technology initiatives to delivery focusing on efficiencies, quality, and transparency. Collaborating heavily with Product Owners, effectively deliver business value to market in a repeatable and predictable process enabling aggressive time to market with highest throughput and reliable planning.
Comprehensive understanding of computer systems, networks, security, telecommunications, cloud servers and products, and conventional database storage systems.
Have worked with networking and architecture and created cloud solutions.
Which include replacing or upgrading servers or storage equipment, moving data to third-party cloud providers, website consolidation, infrastructure maintenance, Java/.NET application and database migration, software upgrades.

NationalGrid/PRO Unlimited, Melville, NY April 2017 – March 2021
Delivery Program Manager
Directed global cross-functional team of up to 15 personnel with an annual program budget of more than $20M, overseeing employee recruitment and engagement, data mining, risk management, stakeholder communication and reporting, analytical evaluations, systems implementation, and data confidentiality and controls. Acted as liaison between business and technology group to establish organization-wide internal standards and procedures for data usage, retention, and implementation. Collaborated on strategic planning and change management with senior leadership and IT partners, ensuring full technology and data compliance with local regulations. Built operations framework with the platform, network, applications support, business, and release automation teams. Performed process and continuous improvement for all data and technology operations. Trained technical team, as Scrum Master, on development, implementation, and support standards.
Optimized hardware from 3G to 4G for US National Grid cell network for CRM and GIS tracking systems.
Revitalized field customer applications through reverse engineering to remediate from WinXP to Windows 7 and 10 across the US National Grid territory.
Successfully implemented the Supervisor Enablement program utilizing IOS devices, VMware, MS Azure and Salesforce Frameworks.
Launched the Electric Crew Leaders Enablement US program, deploying iPad applications to optimize work for crew leaders across the Northeast territory.

IBM, Hicksville, NY August 2012 – March 2017
Delivery Program Manager
Oversaw large transformational delivery program from initiation through execution to full delivery across multi-functional team of development, networking, application support, and business development professionals. Conducted weekly briefings on project status and health, risk mitigation and strategic improvement initiatives.
Led key projects including: GTIS testing program, End-of-Life Frame Relay Upgrade for US Critical Network Infrastructure (CNI) GMS Program, Windows 7 Client Deployment for US and UK National Grid, Remediation for all National Gird application and adaption for Windows 7 environment, National Gird Auditing software PAWS program, CASCADE application implementation for National Grid operation, Northport PowerStation Network Infrastructure Remediation with NERC standards compliance, LI Generation Digital Risk and Security Assessment.
Led End-of-Life Frame Relay Upgrade for US Critical Network Infrastructure (CNI) GMS Program, effectively saving $3.1M through methodology and techniques.
Consistently completed comprehensive technical projects under-budget and on-time

NationalGrid, Melville, NY December 2009 – July 2012
Senior Project Manager
Collaborated with senior management and stakeholders to ensure project scope, deliverables, and business goals were achieved. Led cross-functional team members on projects, overseeing full-scale project and communications plan development, stakeholder communication, resource management, proposal design, budget management, and executing timelines and milestones. Updated clients on project progress, providing reports, proposals, and requirements documentation. Facilitate project scope changes, risk management, and development of contingency plans. Drove business relationships to ensure success of the project.
Successfully divested $200M business for National Grid Home Energy Services.
Transformed Non-Regulated Gas and Home Energy Services to SQL DB, resulting in customer service calls completed 20% faster.
Designed FPM project for gas distribution.
Collaborated on GTIS conversion project.
Improved security on critical systems by upgrading and separating servers from CNI network.
Directed the upgrade of Nucleus 2010, an Energy Trading, Transaction and Risk Management platform.
Additional Experience March 1997 – December 2009
Project Manager, AIX, Oracle, SQL, Data Warehouse and Reporting, KEYSPAN, College Point, NY
Consultant, Programmer and Analyst, Bank of New York, CRC Consulting Company, Manhattan, NY
Education
Master of Science in Radio Electronic Engineering and Computer Science
Kiev Military Aviation Engineering Academy, Kiev, Ukraine
Bachelor of Engineering in Relay Protection and Automatics
Electric Mechanical Engineering College, Russia Federation
Licenses & Certifications
Business Analysis Collaboration for Success, Advanced Management Services 2009
Enterprise DBA Architecture and Administration, Oracle 2001
Enterprise DBA Backup and Recovery, Oracle 2001
AIX High Availability Clustering Multi-Processing Installation and Administration, AVAILANT 2000
SQL Server Administration, IBM 1999
Contact this candidate