Scott W. Ritter
*** ****** *****, ***** ********, Ohio 43351
567-***-****, adyik2@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
Seeking a position of responsibility that utilizes an extensive engineering background and several years of leadership experience.

Experience
Teijin Automotive Technologies, Carey, OH 2018 – Present
Industrial Engineer
Plan, schedule, and manage capital equipment move and upgrade projects.
Develop new Area Layouts and update current Plant Layout for a 500,000 square foot facility.
Direct long term capacity planning and process flow optimization for the Molding, Bonding, Prime, Paint, and Assembly processes in a tier one automotive supplier manufacturing complex.
The Mills Company, Marion, OH 2016 - 2018
Manufacturing Engineer
Justify, plan, and implement Capital Equipment Appropriation projects.
Develop a Preventative Maintenance Program that utilizes a combination of internal maintenance resources and outsourced technical support.
Input and maintain new part bill of material and routing information into an MRP System.
Kasai NA (M-Tek, Inc.), Upper Sandusky, OH 2004 - 2016
Program Manager, Industrial Engineer, and Manufacturing Engineer
Program Manager for two different model lines - Nissan Maxima and Cadillac CTS.
Develop New Model Line Layouts, revise current Line Layouts, and maintain Plant Layout for a 390,000 square feet automotive supplier manufacturing facility.
Provide technical support for an NC Cutting Process, which includes creating and maintaining Program Files for two machines and monitoring production capacity.
Provide initial Process Sequences utilizing MOST Studies for New Model launches.
Henkel Consumer Adhesives, Inc., Avon, OH 2000 - 2003
Manufacturing Coach (Shift Superintendent)
Provide leadership and direction to four supervisors and up to one hundred six hourly employees of the 2nd Shift in the Manufacturing portion of a packaging products conversion company.
Generate daily shift line-up per the training matrix and as business dictates.
Provide hourly employee performance feedback as it relates to safety, productivity, and quality in the form of daily discussions, and in 90 Day, 6 Month, and Annual written performance reviews.
Take on special projects as assigned (i.e. – Foam Tape Scrap Reduction, Asset Tag Process).
Guardian Automotive Products, Upper Sandusky, OH 1992 - 2000
Process Engineer, 1998 - 2000
Provide engineering support to the Cutting Department in an automotive glass plant with an emphasis on an automated production line utilizing Robotics and a CNC Cutting Process.
Participate in the corporate Cutting Process Re-Engineering Group which included benchmarking activity at the Guardian Automotive Plant in Grevenmacher, Luxembourg.

(Guardian Automotive Products Continued) Warehouse and Shipping Superintendent, 1995 - 1998
Provide leadership and direction to five supervisors, four clerks, and thirty-two hourly employees in the Warehouse, Shipping, and Receiving Department of an automotive glass plant.
Develop and implement short and long-term business planning for a 200,000 square foot on-site and off-site warehouse operation.
Chair Ergonomic Action Team for the Upper Sandusky Plant.

Process Superintendent, 1994 – 1995
Responsible for the technical support and the employee training to the Lamination, Final Inspection, and Packaging areas of the Production Department in an automotive glass plant.
Direct the efforts of two Process Engineers and two Process Technicians in ensuring process control and machine uptime, and the implementation of process improvements and equipment upgrades.

Process Engineer, 1992 – 1994
Initiate, develop, and implement equipment upgrades and process improvements for the Lamination (Assembly) Department in an automotive glass plant.
Participate in multiple Corporate Task Force Groups – Mirror Button Adhesion, Inside Contamination Reduction, Distortion Elimination, and Vinyl Processing Improvement.
Develop new products and processes for the plant – Anti-Spall Laminates, Contamination Control Plan, Cleanroom Protocols.

Additional experience upon request (Production & Industrial Engineering)

Education
The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH
B.S. in Industrial and Systems Engineering Elective study Manufacturing Engineering

Training
FANUC – Handling Tool Operation and Programming – Tri-Rivers, Marion, Ohio.
Job Methods Training and Trainer Development – TWI Institute, North Baltimore, Ohio.
Failure Mode and Effects Analysis – Trigo Global Quality Solutions, Carey, Ohio.
SolidWORKS – Marion Technical College, Marion, Ohio.
Kepner-Tregoe – Kepner-Tregoe, Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
MOST Studies – H. B. Maynard and Company, East Liberty, Ohio.
Dale Carnegie Course – Dale Carnegie Training, Avon, Ohio.
Visual Factory Management – Saddle Island Institute, Cleveland, Ohio.
Zenger Miller Leadership Training – Lorain County Community College, Avon, Ohio
Skills for Success – Marion Technical College, Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
Manufacturing Plant Layout – Wright State University, Upper Sandusky, Ohio.
Contact this candidate