Srinivas Kondepudi
425-***-**** adyj5f@r.postjobfree.com Seattle, WA 98029

SENIOR TECHNICAL PROGRAM MANAGER
PMP certified, results-driven with proven proficiency in conceptualizing, executing, and closing over 25 projects on time, within budget and with high quality by leading from the front. Possess excellent management, technical, functional and interpersonal skills that resulted in exceeding all project goals including achieving business benefits while maintaining team morale and stakeholder satisfaction. Core skills include:

Machine Learning Cloud Computing Data Science/Data Analysis
Stakeholder Relations Team Leadership Cross-Functional Collaboration
Applied Statistics Amazon AWS Natural Language Processing

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
META July 2021 – April 2023
Technical Program Manager
Driven various user privacy initiatives of Data Infrastructure’s Privacy team.
Implemented a companywide initiative to remove the soft matching of user attributes across all of Meta’s applications to comply with German government’s user privacy demands.
Aggregated metadata related to various data assets across the company to make it easy to address user privacy concerns. This aggregated metadata is the single source of truth for all data across Meta.
NORDSTROM October 2015 – June 2020
Sr. Technical Program Manager
Created and managed Data products and services of analytical data on Amazon’s AWS for Nordstrom corporation to facilitate data scientists with quality data and created infrastructure to run their machine learning models that resulted in dependable forecasts for the leadership.
Actively evangelized various teams across Nordstrom and onboarded them to Nordstrom Analytical Platform (NAP) that is built on top of Amazon’s AWS, for their Big Data and Machine Learning needs.
As a TPM on NAP team, successfully delivered Nordstrom.ca site within 4 months - the shortest period of time in Nordstrom’s history. Partnered with teams across Nordstrom to get their data into NAP with high quality in an effort to consolidate data into one system for ease of use.
AMAZON.COM, INC. August 2011 – September 2015
Technical Program Manager
Owned the scalability, availability and performance needs of Enterprise Data Warehouse team that catered to the data needs of Amazon corporation.
Analyzed the compute and storage needs of Amazon by gathering, cleaning and studying the data. Made effective visualizations of the analysis to communicate to the leadership.
Analyzed, developed and presented the Operational Metrics of Data Warehouse to the entire executive leadership on a weekly basis that had VP-level visibility. Used Tableau extensively to generate these reports. Successful presentation to the leadership helped create new projects.
Helped the Data Warehouse team implement the projects that were direct result of the data analysis. Successfully commissioned $20 million worth of Oracle clusters into production environment, by coordinating the cluster launch projects between Seattle and offshore teams.
Analyzed the work structure of the Data Warehouse team, Implemented and streamlined various processes and worked towards continuous improvement through Kaizen process that saved 4000 man-hours.

MICROSOFT CORPORATION April 2010 – July 2011
Senior Program Manager
Led MSDN/TechNet process improvement projects to streamline deployment processes and reduced the deployment times by 50% that saved 80 man-hours every month.
Created various processes that streamlined the workflow of the developers. As a Scrum master, used TFS extensively to create tasks and helped the team be on top of their tasks.

COMCAST (ExerciseTV) January 2007 – February 2010
Senior Dev. Manager
Successfully delivered a $3M eCommerce storefront project on time and with high quality.
Seamlessly integrated using single sign-on, various 3rd party solutions like Wordpress for blogs, ASPDotNetStoreFront for the shopping cart, thePlatform for the video player and ONEsite for the community features in developing the eCommerce portal.

INFOSPACE INC. November 2000 – December 2006
Dev Lead/Manager
Designed and developed the Search and Directory products like Web Search, Yellow Pages, and White Pages.
Implemented SEO for the Web products that significantly increased the site rank and got Infospace listed on first page of search engines for various directory searches.

MICROSOFT CORPORATION February 1996 – October 2000
Software Engineer
Designed and developed various Web portals and ecommerce sites.
Implemented the eCommerce store for MSPress using the Commerce Server and Active Server Pages (ASP)
Designed and developed the first version of MSN Groups (http://groups.live.com/)

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Data Science, University of Washington (2019)
Master of Science in Computer Science, University of Hyderabad, India (1996)

CERTIFICATIONS
Certificate in Big Data and Social Analytics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)
Contact this candidate