Douglas A. Butler adznvu@r.postjobfree.com 202-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Master Technical Staff member with close to 20 years of experience in the electronics, communications and emergency/counter-terrorism response fields within the NNSA and National Security framework. I have experience in development, repair, maintenance, modification and operations of a vast array of technical assets in support of radiological incidents. I serve a number of agencies and operations to include State and Locals, OST (Office of Secure Transportation), CORONA (Secret Service), Nuclear Incident Policy and Cooperation (NIPC), Radiological Assistance Program (RAP) 0, Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA), Nuclear Radiological Advisement Team (NRAT), Mobile Detection Deployment Program (MDDP), Aerial Measurement Survey (AMS) teams as well as several other projects currently managed within the RSLA office. I serve as a technical advisor, radiological search expert, trainer/instructor and health physics support person during radiological emergency response activities and I am a qualified team lead within many of these programs. I am the program manager for the CORONA and Maryland Relay Station programs. I have also served as the deputy program manager for the Pentagon’s Golden Guardian rad/nuc security program for 7 years as well as DHS’s MDDP deployment program from the time of its creation. Over the course of 19 years I have participated in a vast number of CONUS/OCONUS exercises, trainings and responses to include the Fukushima power plant incident in Japan as well as the 9/11 attack response in New York. Instructor to OCONUS nations and national emergency responders on best practices and search techniques associated with the DOE/NNSA and National Security framework for incident response, NSSE major public events and exercises

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Program Manager/Master Technologist RSL-AO, Joint Base Andrews, MD June 1998 – Present Clearance: DOE Q (Top Secret)

Duties include providing technical and operational support to a diverse group of technical and operational staff in support of the Department of Energy’s (DOE) National Nuclear Security Agency (NNSA). Interface with DOE/HQ Nuclear Security Office (NSO), International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and Work for Others (WFO) customers and staff to include DOD, FBI, DHS and the US Secret Service along with many others. I am also an organizational participant in the planning, staffing, activity scheduling, and resource allocation of personnel and equipment in the accomplishment of program and project goals. I provide technical expertise, and leadership to professional teams while supporting multiple projects simultaneously. I am a technical subject matter expert for operations for many of the programs within NSSA and National Security mission, and I also provide on the job training and mentorship to technical and operational staff on a number of emergency response teams.

SPECIAL PROJECTS:

Corona Program Manager:
•Provide radiological detection, scientific and technical support for the United States Secret Service at multiple facilities including the residences of the PODus and Vice PODUS
•Trainer for US Secret Service personnel in radiological safety, radiological detection equipment and search/detection tactics.

MDRS Program Manager:
•Responsible for the management of the Maryland Relay Station and all associated tasking in support of the Office of Secure Transportation (OST) NA-15 an agency under the Dept. of Energy umbrella whose responsibility it is to securely transport all of our nation's critical weapons and material to sites all across the United States
•Responsible for all operations and maintenance of the MDRS communications equipment
•Subject matter expert for the MDRS communications site
•Onsite Safe Haven logistics facilitator.
•Serves as the primary east coast communications director for any OST caravan emergency

EDUCATION, ABILITIES and TRAINING:

DESCRIPTION
DATES (if applicable)
Digital and Analog Communications
continuous
Radiological Search Procedures and Tactics
continuous
High Reliability Soldering
continuous
Advanced Fiber Optic Technician
03/2009
Radiological Assistance Program Training Emergency Responders
continuous
Radiological Worker II
continuous
Advanced Instructor Techniques
continuous
Electronics Engineering Technology
continuous
Commercial UAV operations
ongoing
UAV Mission Planner
ongoing
NARAC Disposition Modeling
10/2009
FEMA Incident Command System Certified (DOE internal)
10/2009
FEMA National Incident Management System (NIMS)
ongoing
Rad Worker II qualified
10/2009- current
Core Supervisor Training (DOE Internal)
01/2010- current
Radiological Sealed Source Handler
03/2009
SME in regard to a large variety of radiological detection equipment
continuous
NARAC Disposition Modeling Certified
10/2009
Surveillance/Counter-Surveillance and Intel Gathering Training
08/2017- ongoing
Arduino microcontroller programming and development
09/2019- ongoing
Operations, Trainings and Exercise Development
ongoing
Commercial Motor Vehicle operations
continuous

OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite products, Adobe Lightroom/Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat, and many other applications. Extremely strong in regard to quickly and thoroughly learning and applying new skills along with transitioning said skills to the development of others. Strong ability in regard to self-starting and needing little to no transition into any environment. I have a large number of skills, training and ability that I believe would serve any organization well.

INTERESTS AND HOBBIES:
Photography, UAV operation, Freehand Art, Motorcycling, Fishing, Cooking etc...

REFERENCES:
Available upon request (I have a vast number of references from many professions, agencies ranging from FBI special agents to FEMA and DOE directors and would be happy to provide them)
Contact this candidate