Roger A Roberts
** ****** *****
Whispering Pines, NC
910-***-****
ad806n@r.postjobfree.com
Summary:
I have over 25 years of manufacturing experience in engineering, blow molding, plastics, tooling, custom manufacturing, commercial vehicles, automotive, and aircraft industries. I have a solid technical skill set in mechanical and metallurgical engineering enhanced by PLC and Ladder logic. I have been in startup and shutdowns of small and large facilities. Construction on freedom building (replacement for Twin Towers in NYC, NY). Worked on the construction of multiple water treatment plants.

Degree: Purdue University Metallurgical Engineering 1989
Ford Motor Company Journeyman Tool and Die Maker 1994
Black Belt problem solving Toyota Sponsorship 1998
Structural Construction 1999 US
Watts / Thalle Construction
June 2023 -
Project Manager
Responsibilities of construction of water treatment plant in North Carolina. Supervision of salary personnel on-site. Overseeing purchase contracts & blueprints to build site using Bluebeam & buyoff of HVAC compliance.

NSG Laurinburg
Aug 2019-June 2023
Maintenance and Engineering Manager for facility (7) direct reports. Operation of 24 hours a day facility and group of 50 maintenance reports and 6 Engineers for the glass making process. Develop PM systems and best in class. Reduced Maintenance cost 10% each year for 3 years and continue to develop philosophy on best way to solve problems in a timely and lower cost method. Designed rack system and C beam for loading improve shipping needs. Prototype movable and break down racking system for glass. Work and lead cold and hot end crews and problem-solving key issues to keeping the plant running at a high efficiency. Rebuild of 2 furnaces and part of a team rebuilding a 170 million reinvestment. Responsible for all HVAC systems.

Elsa
Feb 2017-2019
Engineering, Maintenance, Stamping, Kaizen, Die Repair, New Project Manager (450 people)
Responsible for P/L, developing skill sets and teams to complete specific tasks on a timely basis for production. Responsible for all purchasing, which was $30,000,000.
Used my background and experience to improve in-house maintenance to lower costs for the facility. Mechanical skill sets/production knowledge increased production capacity on all robotic lines. Built 2 new facilities. A new production building that included building plans and specifications, installation of stamping equipment and robotic production lines. The second building being a training center. Total investment $25,000,000. Responsible for all power distribution and HVAC systems.

Aircom / Medivative (Purchased by Kimball Electronics Aug. 2016)
April 2015-February 2017
General Manager
Responsible for P/L and developing a team for a company in financial stress. Provided leadership within the facility and stabilized customers for the transition of Aircom to Kimball.
Customers included, Hill Rom, Meister Cook, Lilly, Landauer, and Brose. Built maintenance teams to build new production lines and repair old robotic lines. $30,000,000 company

Major Tool & Machine/Aerofab Division of Major Tool
August 2005-April 2015
Metallurgical and Maintenance Manager
Responsible for production lines and purchasing all equipment associated with product production within the facility. Completed quality and safety audits and led Black Belt Projects within the facility. Production lines were developed to process high temperature alloys while maintaining complexities and strict quality standards of processed materials. Assistant Manager of first 25 floors of Freedom Building.
Aerofab Division of Major Tool
Metallurgical quality control, Engineering, Maintenance Manager
Responsible for two metallurgical labs to ensure all testing was in compliance and met strict quality control standards. Supervision of engineers, program managers, and all of the maintenance department. Integrated vacuum heat treating, brush plating, water jet, and hot press stamping for High Temperature Alloys. Formed a team which developed a Kan-Ban system to meet production needs while improving inventory turns for a higher profit ratio.

Ge Com Automotive Corporation
2001-2005 promoted to Stamping and Injection mold Manager (310 associates)
1998-2001 Stamping Manager
Oversaw 310 associates in a high production setting with 360 million pieces produced annually. The annual sales of $258 million dollars within the two facilities. Implemented Kaizen teams within stamping and molding to increase product production and decrease lead time. Spent one year in Japan learning maintenance methods for equipment and implementing those systems in the United States.

Excel of Iowa
1996-1998
Program Manager/Engineering Manager
I managed all the launch activities, production, and service of multiple programs. Programs include seats, tracks, shifters, and class A panels for the Explorer, Suburban, and Chevy lines. Managed programs in the five countries of South Africa, Germany, Mexico, Canada, and USA. Presented program overviews to the company President for each program managed. Supervised 10 engineers and 15 maintenance journeymen and the Tool and Die department. Developed budgets for corporate approval each year.

Ford Motor Company
1989-1996
Tooling Engineer/Supervisor
Supervision of five salary and 45 hourly personnel in a heavy machining environment for transmission and power steering units. Performed tool analysis and set up lamb transfers, broaches, screw machines, lathes, and other machining equipment. Oversaw stamping and heat treat lines launching new programs which required special equipment. Supervision of Metallurgical Lab which included tensile testing, ICP, SEM, and other lab equipment.

Special Skills:
CNC Machining, Dozer Operator/Cable Crane Operator, Earth Mover Operator, Robotic Training, Trencher Operator, Land Surveyor, PLC

References upon request.
Contact this candidate