DAVID WESTON

Contact Career Objective

904-***-**** Hard worker experienced in problem-solving, service and
ad80si@r.postjobfree.com time management. Aiming to leverage my abilities to
successfully fill the Project Manager role at your company.

Experience

PROJECT MANAGER January 2023 – Present
WW Gay Fire Protection – Jacksonville FL.

Applied project management tools and techniques, driving project-related change management.
Defined project goals, aligning with strategic objectives.
Organized and led kickoff and status meetings to communicate project expectations prior to project execution.
Assigned tasks to appropriate resources within company.
Led meetings to detail project milestones, brainstorm ideas and determine appropriate techniques to manage tasks.
Devised plans and schedules for concurrent projects to meet established deadlines.
Recommended improvements to establish business processes, enabling better project turnaround timeframes.
Prepared line for startup and assisted with equipment changeovers.
Developed detailed schedule for planning and tracking manpower, equipment and work orders.
Traveled to customer sites to keep projects on schedule while maintaining high quality.
Managed inter-project dependencies and risk to create successful outcomes.
Prepare submittals, closeouts, and warranty letters.
Pulled permits for various jobs.

PROJECT MANAGER April 2022 – January 2023
IMC Fire Protection – Middleburg, FL

Applied project management tools and techniques, driving project-related change management.
Defined project goals, aligning with strategic objectives.
Organized and led kickoff and status meetings to communicate project expectations prior to project execution.
Assigned tasks to appropriate resources within company.
Led meetings to detail project milestones, brainstorm ideas and determine appropriate techniques to manage tasks.
Devised plans and schedules for concurrent projects to meet established deadlines.
Recommended improvements to establish business processes, enabling better project turnaround timeframes.
Prepared line for startup and assisted with equipment changeovers.
Developed detailed schedule for planning and tracking manpower, equipment and work orders.
Traveled to customer sites to keep projects on schedule while maintaining high quality.
Managed inter-project dependencies and risk to create successful outcomes.
Prepare submittals, closeouts, and warranty letters.
Pulled permits for various jobs.

SUPERINTENDENT July 2021 – April 2022
IMC Fire Protection – Middleburg, FL

Tested and approved newly installed fire protection systems.
Determined appropriate steps needed to bring building into fire code compliance.
Inspected commercial and industrial buildings to identify hazardous conditions and fir code violations.
Located hazardous conditions and fire code violations in new and existing constructions.
Evaluated plans and inspected ongoing construction to keep work in line with project goals.
Oversaw complete construction process to maximize quality, cost controls and efficiency.
Oversaw daily work of 9 workers using knowledge of local and national building codes for all areas of construction.

FABRICATION MANAGER May 2015 – April 2021
WW Gay Fire Protection – Jacksonville, FL

Supervised production schedules, production quality and on-time delivery.
Produced daily operations report, including forecasting staffing needs and production volume to support cost-reduction and service improvement initiatives.
Evaluated schedules, orders, and forecasts to plan processes and meet timetables.
Inspected production, quality control and maintenance reports to detect and address production problems.
Provided top product quality control and inventory management resulting in reduced downtime and maximized revenue.
Learned how to respond to emergency situations to prevent personal injuries and property damage.
Assessed production schedules and order to plan material requirements and worker activities.
Identified and solved complex problems that impacted management and business direction.
Coordinated preventive maintenance on existing and new production equipment including routine calibration.
Applied lean strategies to implement operational enhancements and promote efficiency and cut costs.
Assigned staff, materials, and funds throughout project lifecycle.
Oversaw production budget and approved expenditures to direct spending.
Spearheaded cost control initiative resulting in company savings.

SPRINKLER PIP FITTER June 1996 – May 2015
WW Gay Fire Protection – Jacksonville, FL

Read and interpreted specifications, diagrams, and blueprints for jobs.
Observed safe work rules including fall protection and PPE.
Handled all responsibilities for piping systems, including fabricating, assembling, installing, and maintaining.
Threaded and installed pipe using pipe wrench and dies.
Fabricated and positioned screw pipe, socket wild pipe and stainless-steel tubing.
Threaded pipes using specified machinery.
Managed movement of materials and equipment to different job sites.
Performed hydrostatic pressure testing of boilers and pressure vessels.
Drilled and tapped holes for installation of studs.
Adhered to installation plan to perform accurate work in line with design standards.
Evaluated complete system installation for accuracy and quality of work.
Gathered and removed extra materials, trash and other debris from job sites.

STEELWORKER June 1991– May 2011
US Navy Seabees – Jacksonville, FL

Joined steel units and welded into place, checking every portion of unit to maintain accuracy.
Laid metal decking and installed safety railing accurately and according to specifications.
Monitored and supported all shop projects while maintaining high quality on-time delivery and safety.
Safely used metal shears, hacksaw, bar cutters and other tools to cut metal components for installation.
Performed mod assembly erected and connected structural steel and leveled and torqued connections after steel placement.
Led and mentored less-experienced ironworkers and assisted foremen in assigning work activities.

Education and Training

June 1991 – High School Diploma – Nathan Bedford Forrest High School – Jacksonville, FL
Contact this candidate