David S. Bell
. Delmont, Pa ***** 303-***-****
ad80tk@r.postjobfree.com Summary
I am looking for a company where I can build my experience and teach others to help them in their career, I have made a career in this industry and hoping to build a solid foundation for myself and my family, Looking to get back to being a Project manager and or Engineer in the Telecom industry.
Work History
Beckerle Consultants Inc. Mar 2020- May 2021
Telecom Detail Engineer
Complete Engineer, Furnish & Install (E,F&I) as well as maintenance of DC Power and Transport Infrastructure, including Project and Program Management
Design Detail Verizon floor plans, cable routes and infrastructure designs using Auto Cad and Visio
CRAN Site assessment, evaluation, design and installation monitoring solution architecture and installation: Battery, Power Plant, AC, Security, Generator and HVAC
Primary and secondary power distribution
Capacity planning - build for today with full capability for the future
Batteries: DC and UPS, VRLA and Flooded Cell
Commissioning, Mid-tonics and Conductance testing, Maintenance, Installation, De-install,
Disposal and Recycling through EPA approved Lead Smelter
Mini BDFB/BDCBB, Telex Fuse panel, Planning, Specification, Design and Installation
Power Plant Controller replacement and upgrade
Grounding audits and deviation corrections
Elite Technologies Inc. Jan 2020- Mar 2021
Project manager, Estimator, Trainer
Visio Drafting of Circuits and design DC 1 lines
Detail Drawings of Hilti strut and unistrut systems using Auto Cad and Visio
Installation and Design of Emerson 802 power plants and BDFB cabling and add on DC power plant and BDFB installs and Design
Responsible for managing various Ciena Projects and designs of installation work and drawings
Installation Manager and Project manager responsible for all aspects of the Installation, designs and budgeting of ongoing projects in DC power and Transport access.
Responsible for Running Projects and installation of AC and DC Facilities
Installation and Design for Frontier, Verizon andWindstream Telecom
Responsible for Project Budgets and cost analysis of funding for telecom site rebuilds
Responsible for Project paperwork and closing out finances
Installation of DC power plants and battery plants
Responsible for creating Visio Engineering diagrams for Charter and Comcast facilities
Responsible for managing contracting companies and installers on site rebuild and designs. Emerson Network Power/Vertiv Power Systems June 2016- July 2019 Sr. Field Representative/Detail Engineering
Ceina 5430 and Ceina 6500 line design and installations
Installation and Design of Emerson 802 power plants and BDFB cabling and add ons.
Fiber Optics installation and design
Telephone Building Installations
Documentation of installation and engineering
Fiber splicing and connections to FDP panels
AC Circuit Installation.
Manage Install crews onsite and Remote
DC power plant and BDFB installs and Upgrades
Responsible for managing various Ciena Projects and designs of installation work and drawings Medina Consulting LLC. Contractor work June 2015- June 2016 Regional Project Manager
Auto Cad and Visio Drafting of Circuits and design DC 1 line
Manage 17 TWC site Migrations AC and DC. Responsible for maintaining Customer integrity
On all equipment is migrated from old mini DC power and rectifier systems onto the new DC Power Plants and inverters.
Create Installation and labeling standards for all installations and for company standards, Installation and Design for New Power Plants
Wiring diagrams for DC cables and network equipment. Maicom Electrical services Mar 2015-Aug 2015
Level 4 Lead Installer/Detail Engineer
Installation and Design for Comcast
Visio Drafting of Circuits and design DC 1 lines per Comcast standard
Installation of DC power plants Alpha Vista, Emerson 700 and 800 series
Installation of Alpha Amps 24 and Amps 80 Inverters
Comcast Site Installations ladder rack, fiber duct and misc. site telco equip
Juniper MX series network switches, E6000’s and C4 install and Removals Alpha Technologies June 2014-April 2015
Project Coordinator/Project Manager/DC Lead installer
Responsible for Running Projects and installation of AC and DC Facilities
Installation and Design for Comcast and Charter Telecom
Responsible for Project Budgets and cost analysis of funding for telecom site rebuilds
Responsible for Project paperwork and closing out finances
Installation of DC power plants and battery plants
Responsible for creating Visio Engineering diagrams for Charter and Comcast facilities
Responsible for managing contracting companies and installers on site rebuild and designs. Intrado corp. Feb 2013- June 2014
Data Center Telecom Engineer
Data Center Installation and design
Fiber optic cable design and Circuit Troubleshooting
Installation of E911 Network Storage Equipment
Installation and design of Network Circuits and maintenance
Ds3,Ds0 and Ds1 installation and design
Visio Drafting of Circuits and design
Remote site management and maintenance
Training New Technicians in Data Center Operation
Installation and Design of Hawaii 911 infrastructure and cabinet buildouts for remote Islands configuration USNet Data Center Solutions Contractor work Jan 2011- Feb 2013 Lead Telecom datacenter technician
DC Power plant installation
Remote site design and engineering drawings
LAB installation and design for local collocation site
Data Center installation of Cross connects and maintenance
Fiber Optic Splicing and DS3 Installation and Termination
Installation lead on projects responsible for budgeting man hours and installation of materials, daily update logs, and customer contact.
National Network Services Inc. Dec 2007-Mar 2009/ Feb 2011-Nov 2012/present Level 4 installer/team lead tech/PM
Ciena installation
Galaxy controller installation
Installation and removal of battery plants in Qwest offices
DC Power plant installation
Installation lead on projects responsible for budgeting man hours and installation of materials TA-5000 DSL network equipment for century link/ Qwest
Complete build out of CO steel structure/Earthquake Bracing build and design of power plant Emerson 802 Power Plant installations and Hot Slide of Power Plants
Installation and design of Battery and Power plant upgrades and rebuilds nationwide Logistics of materials and contractors in remote locations nationwide Intelepeer Inc. Jan 2009 – March 2011
Central Office Project manager/Engineer/Facilities manager
DC power maintenance of remote switching Power distribution units
Remote site management and contractors
Install of all 5 new sites.
Sonus gateway installation and cabling design \
Cisco installation and maintenance
Remote site design and engineering drawings
Card swaps on Cisco 7609 and 7606 routers
Sun Netra 210/240/ 440 installation and design of cabling and power configs
DC Power plant installation
Installation lead on projects responsible for budgeting man hours and installation of materials, daily update logs, and customer contact.
Fiber Optic Splicing and DS3 Installation and Termination
LAB installation and design for local collocation site Alta Telecom Inc. Contractor work
Installation Technician/Team lead May 2005- Dec 2007
Responsible for BDFB and Power Panel Installations,
Ciena core stream and online installations.
Installation of Ceina Core director.
Installation and inventory of Infinera equipment and troubleshooting remote sites.
Responsible for budgeting installation hours of project installation.
Responsible for Installation and Testing of Alcatel 1680, 1603 SMC. Installation of Ciena, Core Stream, K2 Equipment.
Responsible for BDFB and Power Panel Installations. Responsible for Installations of all DC power and Cisco 454 equipment.
Fiber Optic Splicing and DS3 Installation and Termination
Installation team lead responsible for contractors hours and hours on a job. Removals and BDFB builds.
Tek Systems Contractor work
Lead Telecommunications Technician June 1993- may 2005
Installation of Cisco switch and router installs for Various Clients Nationwide and Locally. Telephone Switch installation. Responsible for Network Installation of cabling systems Responsible for Installations of all DC power and Cisco 15454 equipment
Fiber Optic Splicing and DS3 Installation and Termination
Installed and maintained all sites and upgrade of installations. Installed Wireless Internet Responsible for 27 installers and total project production, project hours, materials and supplies Installation and supervision on McLeod Telephone Co-Location offices.
Baltimore Ravens Training Facility Data Room and Telco cable plant design Computer Sciences Raytheon (NASA) security clearance held Aug 1996- June1999 Network Technician II
Installed and maintained network communications for U.S. Air Force, 45 Space Wing at Patrick AFB and Cape Canaveral Air Station.
Fiber and Copper installation/design PC configuration and Maintenance.
Responsible for installation work on Commercial and Government contracts.
Fiber Optic Splicing and DS3 Installation and Termination
Bicsi Technician Training and certification
Responsible for installation and maint. on 277 building at Cape Canaveral and Patrick AFB US ARMY Feb 1989- May 1996
RF Communications Technician
Installation and maintenance of Military Radio and antenna systems
Radio repair of OLD PRC 77 Radios and AMT Radio and intercom systems Field troubleshooting radio and antenna systems
Inventory management and budgeting for line level Como shop Training and Certifications
BICSI Certified Installer CAT5 and Fiber Optics Technician Level
LAN Design
Central Office Certification Century link 2020
Alcatel Installation Certified Nortel and Lucent Installations
Ciena Installation Cisco 454 Installation
Secret Clearance (2001) last used
ATT badge and Ask Yourself Courses 2014
Qwest 77350/77385 certified Att central office online training
Hilti fire stops Supplier awareness training
3M fire stop certified
Ciena 4200 installation/power
Sonus gateway installation cisco 7600 series install/pwr
Tellabs flash wave 4300/4500 install splicing/termination
Fiber Optics
American Red Cross CPR/First aid certified
Ad Tran TA5000 installation and troubleshooting
US ARMY Radio Repair and Electronics
Microsoft Project Planning Course
Emerson Network Power/ Vertiv June 2016-present
AT&T Network and power installation and design Training Certified in Ceina Network Elements
UPS installation
Ceina installation and Design
Colorado Springs, CO July 1999- June 2000
Alcatel Installation Certification
Fiber Optics Certification
U.S. West Central Office Installation
Cape Canaveral, Fl. July 1997- Sept 1997
Bicsi Installer/technician Course
Cable Plant Design certification
TCP/IP Networking troubleshooting
Fiber Optic termination and test certification
Pittsburgh, Mellon Bank Dec 1995- May 1996
Inventory Management Courses
Network Asset management courses
Colorado Technical College May 1992- Dec 1994
Major: Electronic Engineering
Minor: Telecommunications Engineering
United States Army Jan 1989- Dec 1996
RF communications/Telecommunications
Leadership courses
Maintained 38 vehicle radio systems while in a line company Maintained 160 Vehicles and hand held communications systems and documentation for all equipment Tactical systems configurations during an 8 yr. career in the US. Army. Skills and Experience
Valarie pwr systems installation
Galaxy controller installation 25 years
Telecom 25 years LAN Installation and Maint.
Cisco 454 Installation and Maint. 25 years
fiber Optics termination T1 and T3 installation 15 years
Cable Plant design 20 years
wire wrapping 25 years
CAT 5 Installations
Alcatel series Installation
ATM/Sonet Installation
Nortel DMS Switch Installation
Fiber Optic Termination and Splicing
Ciena Core stream installations
Ciena Core Director Installation.
Infinera 100g router route installation and Troubleshooting
Ceina Online installations
BDFB installation and Build out. Pwr terminations
Fiber test and Turn up Ciena 5430 and 6500 series installation
Ceina Test and Turn up on ATT network
Contact this candidate