ADEDAYO ISREAL ADENIRAN
Email: ad80zh@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 507-***-****

Professional Summary
Adedayo is a Project Manager with a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering technology and 6 years of work experience and 4+ years in Project management.
Previous roles include Project Manager, Associate Project Manager, IT Project Coordinator, Facility Coordinator, which provided a real-world understanding of technology enabling him to be a better technology project Manager.
Certified Scrum Master (CSM), certification in Google Professional Project Management Certificate, CAPM, and PMP.

Education
Computer Engineering Technology
Minnesota State University, Mankato

Professional Career Highlights
Managed the physical security of the new Animal Veterinary Center in Minnesota with a projected revenue of $500,000 but ended up with a revenue of $612,000 due to cost saving skills.
Led and managed from start to finish a team of technicians for an intrusion project within 20 Minneapolis Middle and high schools with about $1.1million in revenue.
Managed the Distributed Antenna System (DAS) for the new Microsoft building In Iowa.
Coordinated the change of Point of sales system across 340 Starbucks stores across the United States and Canada.

Skills Summary
Project Management & Communication:
Conscientious and effective Project Manager who excels in project leadership roles – managing/coordinating complex projects involving enhancements to existing product platforms.
Strong listening and interpretative skills to facilitate understanding of issues and solution designs.
Analytical, Assertive, Risk Management, Scheduling, Plan Execution, Financial Analysis, multitasker, Vendor Management, Multi-tasking, Agile Methodology, Waterfall Methodology, Budget Management, Interpersonal Relationship Building, good record keeping skills.
Maturity and dispute resolution skills, able to address conflicting requirements.
Excellent oral, written, and visual communication skills, detail oriented and strong decision maker.
Competent in using Microsoft office tools (word, PowerPoint, Excel, outlook), Jira, Smartsheet.

Professional Experience
Paladin Technologies, Burnsville, MN June 2022 – Present
Project Manager
• Provided the necessary leadership through planning, directing, organizing, and coordinating all project activity to achieve expected outcomes.
• Maximized resource productivity and material delivery coordination.
• Communicated Project Status to internal and external Stake holders on a regular basis.
• Brought Projects in at or below Projected costs, while striving to exceed client’s expectations.
• Set and Managed Project goals and objectives of Project and Field Personnel.
• Analyzed and Monitored efficiency/Productivity of the Projects to ensure proper utilization of resources.
• Delegated appropriately to key team resources while still ensuring that projects are delivered on-time and at or under projected budget.
• Collaborated with Estimation & Engineering Office for documentation and deliverables.
• Active involvement in managing accounts to discover new business opportunities. Also support business development activities and proposal creation when needed.
• Worked with different Vendors to get the most efficient and cost friendly materials for Customers.
• Worked with IT leadership, Development leads and business analysts to initialize and structure projects for planning, reporting, and budgeting.

Metropolitan Council, Minneapolis, MN September 2021 – April 2022
Associate Project Manager
Worked with minimal guidance, while completing complex and multiple IS assignments/projects as assigned by Head of PMO.
Documented Important Project Deliverables such as Project Charter, Statement of work, requirements documentation.
Facilitated architecture connections with the federal ITS architecture, MnDOT’s ITS architecture, and other MPOs’ ITS architectures.
Educate and workshop with staff on documentation standards, the ITS architecture, systems engineering for ITS, and Technology Governance for transportation technology projects.
Communicated and collaborated with leadership, the IS Review team, and ITS project teams to plan, document, execute, monitor, and close ITS projects.
Lead and facilitated the execution of technology projects, managing project budgets, documents, resources, and schedules to ensure that projects meet scope, cost and quality requirements as determined in the project planning stages.
Initiated, managed, and closed over five simultaneous $500k agile projects.

Comm-works, Plymouth, MN April 2021 – September 2021
Project Coordinator
Worked and coordinated with Technicians and Electricians on Replacing EPOS, DOS, DCB among Starbucks around United States and Canada.
Worked with both internal and external stakeholders to define project charter, scope, deliverables, and objectives.
Lead project meetings which are responsible for off hours coordination, project tracking and analysis, resource budgeting and allocation, risk assessment, identifying trends, and Continuous Process Improvement (CPI).
Maintained accountability to project sponsors, stakeholders, and management to ensure every task is done within the bounds of our quality standards and with the objective of continuously improving our processes.
Worked with different Documentation tools and other Project related tools like Microsoft Word, Project, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel.
Documented ongoing project progress, risks, budget, and other pertinent information using company project management tools.
Developed strong business relationships with customers and field technicians.

Qual-Tek Wireless, Plymouth, MN November 2019 – February 2021
Facility Coordinator
Served as the main contact to provide guidance and resources for all facility related questions, concerns, or needs.
Worked with both internal and external stakeholders to define project charter, scope, deliverables, and objectives.
Participated in an after-hours on-call rotation.
Maintained accountability to project sponsors, stakeholders, and management to ensure every task is done within the bounds of our quality standards and with the objective of continuously improving our processes.
Worked with different Documentation tools and other Project related tools like Microsoft Word, Project, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel.
Created and tracked blanket POs, standard purchase orders and blanket POs, and work closely with the finance department to ensure purchases are reconciled in a timely manner and financial integrity is maintained.
Responded and communicated building emergencies and urgent matters to building occupants in a calm and efficient manner. Issues may include, but are not limited to equipment failures, unexpected facilities outages and damage, and environmental hazards.
Contact this candidate