Rexford Opoku Jr
“Dynamic and results-oriented Agile Project Manager expert with over 9+
years of experience.”
Toronto, ON, Canada
647-***-****
ad80yh@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Telus Digital Sales & GTM, Toronto, Canada — Senior Scrum Master
October 2023 - May 2024
● Led the successful development and delivery of multiple enterprise-level IT and digital transformation projects for the Digital Sales & Go To Market team, ensuring smooth integration of new features to enhance the customer experience.
● Spearheaded SAFe implementations to scale Agile practices across multiple teams, improving team velocity by 30% and fostering alignment with organizational goals.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams and external vendors to deliver the next generation of customer engagement features in TELUS Web & App, increasing engagement by 20%.
● Implemented project management best practices to manage a
$5M+ portfolio, consistently delivering projects on time and within budget.
● Introduced a robust change management framework to manage scope, budget, and timeline adjustments for various digital projects, ensuring successful launches.
● Led Scrum of Scrums and iteration planning within SAFe, ensuring team alignment and smooth feature deployment.
● Monitored app health using SAFe risk management strategies, proactively resolving issues.
My Telus App, Toronto,Canada — Senior Scrum Master May 2020 - October 2023
● Collaborate with Project Managers and Product Owners to maintain and groom the product backlog effectively.
● Spearheaded the development and deployment of new app functionalities for the My TELUS App, enhancing user satisfaction and reducing service-related complaints.
● Managed the end-to-end lifecycle of app enhancements, collaborating with developers, product owners, and key stakeholders to deliver features like in-app payments, notifications, and usage tracking.
● Applied SAFe agile methodologies to drive continuous app improvements, ensuring on-time and on-budget delivery of features within a Lean-Agile framework.
● Directed content creation efforts for email marketing, web content, and social media assets to ensure alignment with campaign goals and audience engagement.
● Guided 7+ teams through delivery by managing scope,risks, and issues, resolving at the lowest level, and escalating as needed
● Led cross-functional teams, fostering collaboration, and driving projects forward by removing blockers and ensuring alignment with organizational goals.
Technical Skills
Azure DevOps
Agile Methodology
SaFe Methodology
Jira Software
Confluence
Postman
Contentful
Figma
Smart Phones (Android &
iPhone's)
Tablets (Android & iPad)
Web services (Google
chrome,Firefox,Internet
Explorer,Microsoft Edge)
Javascript
Ruby
React
PHP
Non-Technical Skills
Leadership
Communication
Facilitation
Adaptability
Conflict Resolution
Empathy
Servant Leadership
Problem-Solving
Emotional Intelligence
Time Management
● Led development and deployment of new My TELUS App features using SAFe principles, improving user satisfaction and reducing service complaints by 15%.
Stars Technologies (Poker Stars), Richmond Hill — Project Manager
January 2020 - April 2020
● Led critical projects at the heart of a leading online gaming business, ensuring successful delivery and stakeholder satisfaction.
● Collaborated with Product Managers to prioritize work and align with technical and product roadmaps.
● Provided expert advice, support, and recommendations to management and mentored team members.
● Addressed escalated project management issues and supported development of responses to action requests and briefing notes.
● Supported responses to information requests, prepared input for correspondence, briefing notes, reports, and presentations.
● Deliver weekly status to the executive level management teams
● Communicated with developments teams to implement continuous integration and delivery practices for 22% reduction in time-to-market for new features
● Provided regular status updates and facilitated effective decision-making to resolve conflicts and issues within the project team.
VICE Digital, Toronto, Canada — Project Delivery Manager September 2019 - January 2020
● Led development and maintenance of three core platforms (VICE News, Astroguide, VICE app), improving performance and scalability via cloud-based architecture.
● Built and optimized web features that enhanced user experience and improved site performance, reducing video load times by 15%.
● Managed updates and feature rollouts for the VICE News app, improving real-time news delivery, video streaming, and personalized content.
● Led platform scalability efforts to handle increased traffic during high-profile events, ensuring stability and minimizing downtime.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to launch new app features, improving user engagement and retention through A/B testing and data analytics.
● Maintained backend services for Astroguide, leveraging user insights to improve recommendations and content relevance.
● Implemented performance monitoring and risk management across platforms, increasing uptime and improving app stability. Telus Digital, Toronto,Canada — Scrum Master
May 2016 - September 2019
● Led and managed all stages of the project lifecycle, from planning to execution, driving transparency and collaboration within the digital & marketing team.
● Implemented servant leadership and built 5 high performing digital & marketing teams
● Coordinated integration, security, privacy, and infrastructure requirements across marketing and product deliverables. PROJECTS
Telus Digital Evolution and Customer-Centric Development — Established a seamless process between marketing and digital development teams to streamline the launch of digital marketing initiatives, acting as a liaison to ensure effective collaboration. Directed the migration from the previous Drupal CMS system to the new Contentful CMS, optimizing content management and delivery processes.
Played a pivotal role in the launch strategies for flagship devices like the latest iPhones and Android devices, managing the entire lifecycle from discovery to marketing design, digital development, and performance analysis.
Developed the Telus Digital "playbook," a comprehensive training and documentation resource to standardize practices and empower team members.
● Defined the project scope on individual work levels between 4 junior, 6 mid levels, and 1 senior data analyst
● Developed and implemented a 100% comprehensive schedule and project budget
● Reviewed metrics and other key performance indicators to drive 100% continuous improvement for the digital sales team
● Acted as the primary liaison between 24+ project stakeholders
● Worked closely with the SEO and SEM teams to optimize website content and drive organic traffic, resulting in a 30% increase in site engagement over 12 months.
Techcom Solutions, Vaughan,Ontario — Senior Quality Assurance Analyst
February 2015 - April 2016
● Participated in Test Strategy and assisted identification of test environment and test data requirements.
● Developed test case/scripts and associated projects deliverables. Executed test cases, scripts, verify readiness.
● Conducted thorough root cause analysis to identify underlying issues, subsequently devising effective solutions to address identified problems
● Performed annual testing on complex systems, utilized log files, extracted data from database to cross reference against expected results within test scripts.
● Participated in translating user behavior into interactive experiences.
● Collaborated with Developers, Project Managers and Business Analysts to ensure that issues and risks are identified, logged and resolved.
EDUCATION
George Brown College, Toronto, ON — General Arts in Computer Science
2013
Scrum Alliance, Toronto — Certified Scrum Master
2018
Coordinated integration, security, privacy, infrastructure, and testing requests across product deliverables. Managed backlog items into work packages/sprints and oversaw sprint deployment timelines for the marketing and development team.
Partnered with Business Leads to create and manage project plans, including scope, objectives, timelines, and resource planning.
My Telus in app enhancements —
Spearheaded the development and implementation of e-commerce capabilities within the My Telus App. Led the migration of legacy PHP code to a modern React-based platform, enhancing performance and user experience.
Engineered and enabled the integration of multi-subscriber devices and plan options within the app's e-commerce functionality.
Orchestrated the launch strategies for iconic devices such as the latest iPhones and Android devices, overseeing all aspects from discovery and marketing design to digital development and performance analytics
Engineered and implemented a new customer promotion recommendation system for both individual subscribers and multi-subscriber accounts, enhancing customer retention and satisfaction. Developed risk assessment and mitigation plans, issue logs, and post-implementation review strategies. Led implementation phases for projects, ensuring adherence to project plans and quality standards. Facilitated stakeholder meetings and ensured effective communication among all parties Astro Guide by VICE iOS app — app enhancements
Designed and implemented dashboards and reporting systems to analyze and optimize user engagement for a dedicated base of loyal, habitual users.
Prioritized personalization features and initiatives aimed at enhancing user experience and increasing app retention rates.
Spearheaded performance improvement initiatives to optimize app speed, stability, and overall performance for seamless user interaction.
VICE.com relaunch —
Led the consolidation of smaller VICE-owned websites into the main VICE.COM platform, streamlining content delivery and enhancing user accessibility
Implemented new content formats and interactive features to enrich the user experience and drive engagement on the VICE.COM platform.
Introduced innovative marketing strategies for VICE users to interact with and consume VICE content, fostering deeper engagement and brand loyalty.
Contact this candidate