ADAM L. VALDEZ
Denver, CO

ad80ff@r.postjobfree.com Tel.: 720-***-****

SUMMARY
Technical IT, Program/Project Manager/Coordinator and business operations Recruiter and Account Manager with an extensive and successful record in sourcing, recruiting, interviewing, negotiating, on/off-boarding and managing employee performance in both corporate, agency and government environments. Proven record of making immediate and positive impacts on the business. Proficient at establishing trust and working relations with Hiring Managers and HR teams to determine skills and expertise needed for successful and long-term placements. Excellent understanding of government regulations, recruitment professional standards, practices and ethics.

Social Media and Internet Sourcing
Candidate qualification
Employee Performance Management
Passive and Active Candidate sourcing
Strong Networking skills
Candidate and client Negotiations
Four years Recruiting and sourcing federal government cleared IT professionals
Good knowledge of general HR concepts and processes
Strong interpersonal, oral and written communications skills
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion training and implementation
Comfortable managing up to 30 open job requisitions at any one time.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

R1 RCM Denver, CO
Sr./Lead Technical Recruiter Sept. 2021 – Present
Part of a new, technical recruiting team with very aggressive hiring initiatives. Currently responsible for a requisition load of 35 positions. Skill sets include Data Scientists, Data Engineers, DevOps, Information Security, Software Engineering, Program/Project Managers, Product Owners, along with various infrastructure roles. Additionally tasked with recruiting Director level professionals, managing client (Hiring Manager) relationships, as well as assisting in transition from Ultipro to Workday. Currently serving as team Lead and point of contact when Technical Recruiting Manager is unavailable. Mentoring and assisting less seasoned Recruiters, as well.

AMS/JPMorgan Chase Denver, CO
Recruiting Consultant June 2021 – Oct. 2021
Supported the Houston JPMC technical team. Worked extensively on Software Engineering roles in the Java stack, React, and Python. Responsible for Site Reliability Engineer and Project Manager/Coordinator positions. Initially managed a load of 16 requisitions which increased to 35 or 40 requisitions. Duties included Intake calls, weekly updates, and active communications with Hiring Managers on all open positions. Extensive use of ORC ATS/CRM, Zoom, and LinkedIn Recruiter.

ClientSolv Greenwood Village, CO
Sr. Resource Manager Nov. 2019 – May 2020
Sr. Technical Recruiter for this $15 million staffing and consulting organization. Part of a five-person recruiting organization supporting telecommunications and cable organization staffing requirements that included contract, contract-to-hire and direct placement positions. Recruited for Infrastructure (Systems Administrators, Network Administrators, Desktop Support, Helpdesk Analysts), high level development, database, and big data skill sets (QA, Java, .Net, SDET) as well as Program/Project Managers and Coordinators. Used Dice, Monster, and a personally upgraded LinkedIn Recruiter Lite account for sourcing candidates for open requirements. Consistently managed 15 to 20 requisitions.

Red Sky Consulting Denver, CO
Sr. Technical Recruiter May 2019 – Sept. 2019
Hired as a senior recruiter for this metric-driven organization with leadership in Chicago, Denver, and Peru. Primary responsibilities for sourcing and recruiting Cyber Security Engineers with experience levels ranging from two years to CISO level. Supported a constant requisition load of eight to ten open positions throughout the U.S. Primary tools included LinkedIn Recruiter, Bullhorn, and CareerBuilder. Managed 10 to 15 requisitions.

Contractor June 2013 - January 2019
Engaged in a variety of technical recruiting and consultancy/advisory roles with small-large firms at a local and national level. Additionally, I established and ran my own recruiting practice where I engaged with firms on an ad hoc basis.
Firms with whom I contracted included:
MDT Technical – Harrisburg, PA
CoBank ACB – Greenwood Village, CO
BC Forward/Accenture – Denver, CO
Apto – Denver, CO
Strategic Staffing Solutions – Denver, CO
Avoka – Denver, CO
Travelport/Hire Connections – Centennial, CO
Switchfly – Denver, CO
Cap Global – Denver, CO

While in these contracts I was tasked with identifying candidates with skill sets including Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, DevOps Engineers, QA Engineers, Program/Project Managers, Product Owners/Managers, Customer Success Managers, Sales professionals, among others.

Mindbank Consulting, Lakewood, CO 2009-2013
Mindbank is a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business providing Enterprise IT Support Services and Wireless Communications for Public Sector and Commercial organizations.
Technical Recruiter/Project Manager
Key member of the Denver Branch with specific responsibilities for sourcing, placing and supporting public trust, secret, and top secret cleared IT Engineers, Architects and Support Personnel on Federal Contracts in field offices west of the Mississippi River for the Department of Homeland Security TOMIS/ITOM contract.
Personally sourced, recruited, hired and managed over 100 IT Engineers, Architects and Service Desk contractors. Staff performance management that included corrective action through dismissal if necessary.
Integral member of a team that grew a Service Desk and Field Support team from six contractors to eighty.
Provided staffing support for the company's second largest contract - US Fish and Wildlife Service.

EDUCATION
Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO
Effective Leadership
The Power of Nice
DISC
Solution Selling
Various self-study on-line courses related to on-line sourcing, recruiting, staffing regulations, etc.

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office
Contact this candidate