Objectives
To have the opportunity to demonstrate my ability to apply team concepts, establish goals, implement productivity, and significantly impact the company’s revenue, bottom line profitability and customer satisfaction.
Experience
Smith+Noble, Corona, CA 03/06 – 9/24
Senior Marketing Project Manager
Saved the Company $850k by bringing photography, graphic design & video content in house.
Led team in building social media ads & video content.
Recruited new catalog vendors and built marketing programs that saved the company 30% annually.
Initiated new paper contracts which saved company $1.2 million in a five-year period.
Managed Creative, Production, graphic design, and image selection for all Marketing jobs.
Negotiated all vendor and marketing contracts.
Simplified workflow process which increased department productivity.
Managed the photography department which produced beauty, product & editorial shots.
Responsible for annual marketing budget and forecast.
Built a new team of Computer-Generated Image artists.
Managed Digital Asset Management platform. Over 5,000 images & video content.
Hired as a Print buyer, promoted to Manager then to Senior Marketing Project Manager.

SEMA, Diamond Bar, CA 04/02 – 12/05
Print Production Manager
Managed all Marketing jobs for SEMA.
Created in house Production department that saved SEMA $450k.
Developed and maintained annual million-dollar operation budget.
Finalized all decisions regarding equipment and software acquisition.
Supervised the schedule and assigned projects to team members.
Final approval for SEMA magazines & marketing collateral.

Primary Color, Irvine, CA 03/99 – 11/01
QC/Production Manager
Collaborated with other Managers to ensure print jobs flowed efficiently through the shop.
Introduced new QC procedures in order to meet commitments on job quality, production schedule and keep within budget limits.
Worked with upper management on value analysis for end of the month reports.

Applied Graphics Technologies, Glendale, CA 10/90 - 02/99
Manager – Pre-Press
Guided team of ten department members to execute production work.
Started as production artist, promoted to lead supervisor, then was promoted to Pre-Press Manager.
Education
Associate of Arts Degree – Printing Fullerton, CA 1981-1983
Business and Publishing Mac classes
Contact this candidate