WORK EXPERIENCE
Faisal Haidari
Temple Terrace, Tampa, FL,33617
510-***-**** ad81fi@r.postjobfree.com
SIDA EiE-Jowzjan Afghanistan 2021-2022
Project Provincial manager
To ensures professional, high-quality programmatic activities and results.
Provide practical technical follow up and monitoring of the entire project activities to ensure the sustainability and impacts of the project.
Ensure smooth implementation of the project activities in the field in coordination with relevant stakeholders.
Support the development of new training modules and manuals on child rights and social work skills.
Present reports defining project progress, problems and solutions. NMS-GVS – Camp Bastion, Helmand, Afghanistan 2017-2020 Site Manager Administration
To plan, oversee the implementation, control, coordinate, report on progress, monitor, and evaluate the project.
Responsible for all department managers and supervisors, with review/approval responsibility for all site operations employees.
checking and preparing Daily, Weekly and monthly site reports and submit to PMO (Project Management Office)
Set policies and procedures for training, coaching, counseling, and career development for staff.
Monitor costs and expenses to assist in budget preparation.
To manage and lead a team of more than 100 people in allocating workload and managing the day to day operations in the workshop.
AISS (Afghan Integrated support system) – Kandahar, Afghanistan 2016-2017 Admin/ Interpreter
The fully knowledgeable of leadership, Mentoring, Training Warehousing, pricing and distribution.
Manage quality and quantity of employee productivity, Manage maintenance of equipment and machinery and Teamwork.
Manage quality and quantity of employee productivity.
Making weekly reports such as Training Subject, Weekly Activity Report, Job Books.
Updating inventory in Web Manage System monthly.
Standard operating procedures including safety and sanitation expectations. EDUCATION
Bachelor degree B.Sc. Electrical (telecommunication) Engineering from FET (Faculty of Engineering and Technology) Gomal University D.I. Khan Pakistan January2016 English language Certificate – FET department, Gomal university August-2016 MSC (Mobile Switching Center)- Huawei UET telecom Pakistan August-2015 HLR (Home Location Register) - Huawei UET Pakistan August-2015 BSS (Base Station Sub-System)-Huawei UET telecom Pakistan August-2015 RNO (Radio Network Optimization)- Huawei UET telecom Pakistan August-2015 CCNA Training – Corvit system- Pakistan July-2014
MCSE Training – Corvit system- Pakistan July-2014
AutoCAD Electrical-NICON group of Colleges-Pakistan October-2014 IELTS Training-NICON group of Colleges-Pakistan July-2014 Business Administration-ACCI Mazar e Sharif-Afghanistan July-2011 Bakhtar High School – Mazar-e-Sharif, Afghanistan 2010 High School Diploma
RELEVANT SKILLS
Languages: Fluent in English, Urdu, Dari & Pashto.
Skills: Leadership, Management, Supply Chain, Warehouse, Customer Service.
Software: MS-office, C Programming, C++, Typing Speed: Excellent. Local Maintenance Terminal
(LMT), AutoCAD (electrical engineering), Mat lab, Pspice, IGET, Routing, Switching, Packet Tracer.
Contact this candidate