Mark Solomon
** ******** *
West Palm Beach, FL *3417 516-***-**** ad81po@r.postjobfree.com
Career Summary:
A proactive, senior marketing and project manager with a solid performance record of professionalism and leadership. Areas of expertise include International Account Management, Strategic Planning, Systems Design, Operations Management and Manufacturing. Strong communication and decision making skills with the ability to develop articulate and exceed corporate goals. Professional Experience:
Consultant for start up companies and major major management / operational changes 2009 to present.
Klear Electrical Corporation
Vice President Marketing
April 2006 through February 2008
Working with all Major Construction Companies and Realty Management Companies in New York City (as well as Service providers such as Harvard Maintenance), provided electrical and lighting maintenance service and new construction contract work successfully to the tune of over $3 Million dollars in new revenue.
Consultant
June 2005 through April 2006
Working with such companies as CPN Mechanical, Inc. as a project executive with hi-rise apartment projects out of ground, new commercial facilities i.e. supermarkets and general HVAC systems for newly renovated construction projects, and the sales and marketing for these HVAC projects. I work with such concerns as Ball Construction, Bovis Lend Lease, Boymelgreen,Turner Construction, Pike Construction, Skanska USA,, Structuretone and Plaza Construction. I also work with various building owners and management groups.
Lake Cable, LLC
New York Regional VP Sales & Marketing March2004 to April2005 Responsible for the New York Regional Sales and Marketing for a cable manufacturing com- pany. I worked with the design engineering firms such as AKF Engineering, Cosentini Assoc., Flack & Kurtz, Joseph Loring and others to specify appropriate cable designs to be used with new construction and the renovation of existing systems. I oversaw and worked with the many electrical subcontractors to determine the cost and availability of material for the pro- jects currently being bid and constructed. I worked with and built the level of business with the electrical distribution network who sold to the various electrical subcontractors, partner- ing them together for mutual successes. This lead to the more than doubling of the amount of business the Metro New York Area achieved through its normal monthly distribution busi- ness. In addition I successfully worked to have Lake Cable approved by such authorities as the NYCDEP for specific projects such as “The Newtown Creek Project” and various Co- generation Power Plants under construction, bringing the opportunity for large contract business valued at close to over a million dollars in additional revenue. I successfully brought the manufacturing abilities of Lake Cable LLC, the Electrical Distribution Network together with the Contractor for the mutual success of all involved including a project com- pleted on time with the right material for the a competitive cost.
Consultant October 2003 to March 2004
Concentration in the design, sales and marketing for the mechanical, electrical and communication fields. I work with such concerns as Amec, Bovis Lend Lease, Turner Construction, JA Jones, Skanska USA, Lehr Construction, Structuretone and Plaza Construction. I also work with various building owners and management groups. I have served on the Codes and Regulations Committee for BOMA NY and have also been a member of IFMA NY. In addition I work with the many subcontractors in the electro/mechanical area to assist in the de- sign with value engineering proposing better products and designs for the various projects being bid and then constructed. I design Fiber Optic Backbones for communication systems in buildings including security and fire alarm systems doing the basic design while finding the latest equipment and methods for the most efficient and productive design and installa- tion for the contractor and or owner of each project. I also oversee and arrange for the competitive bidding of qualified bidders to achieve the level playing field of bids, this providing an outcome of financial benefit for the CM, Contractor and or Owner involved with the project.
George Breslaw & Sons, Inc.
Vice President, Marketing May 1999 to Sept. 2003
Directed the marketing efforts increasing business and bring the direction of the business to increased value contracts with Companies such as Turner Construction, HRH Construction, Plaza Construction, Skanska USA, Bovis Lend Lease and Lehr Construction. I worked and achieved the opportunity to bid and negotiate contracts, bringing the companies revenues to $12 Million in sales. I always work to build a relationship based on trust for each partner for success together, both in that contract and looking forward to future contracts to win together as a team.
I successfully closed contracts for projects from several thousands into the millions always maintaining that relationship built on trust, honesty with personal integrity which always is of prime importance in the business world. Consultant March 1997 to April 1999
Concentration in the design, sales and marketing for the mechanical, electrical and communication fields. I have worked with JH Electric of NY and Pipeco Plumbing Services, Inc. I worked with such concerns as Bovis Lend Lease, Turner Construction, JA Jones, Skanska USA, Lehr Construction and Plaza Construction and various building owners and management groups. I designed Fiber Optic Backbones for buildings and security and fire alarm systems doing the basic design while finding the latest equipment and methods for the most efficient and productive design and installation for the contractor and or owner of each project. I managed the competitive bidding of qualified bidders to achieve the level playing field of bids and an outcome of financial benefit for the CM, Contractor and or Owner involved with the project.
Remee Products Corp.
Vice President, Marketing March 1995 to February 1997 Directed the marketing efforts of a cable and fiber optics manufacturer generating
$25 mil- lion in revenue. Calling on the NYC marketplace directly myself. Hire, motivate and administer a national network of independent sales agents and corporate product representatives. Established a strong customer support program to maintain client base.
Developed progressive marketing techniques. Supplied prospective clients with consultive designs for data communication, fire alarm and energy conservation systems, specifying Remee product usage.
I authored and initiated long term marketing plans for distributor sales. Affect a one year revenue increase of 18% through increased product acceptance and market presence. Supervised and coordinated rigorous multi-industry trade show participation.
Structured product pricing and purchasing programs in conjunction with corporate profit and revenue goals.
Mil-Spec Wire and Cable Corp.
General Manager/Partner June 1976 to February 1995 This was a military electronics distributor and manufacturer of specialty items for military communications generating $9 million dollars in revenue. Identified and developed resources for new and existing company products. Negotiated all purchasing programs with vendors and manufacturers. Established distributor and end user price schedules. Initiated program to improve products through the utilization of field application feedback for manufacturing.
Developed injection molding program for computer cables, establishing another new emerging marketplace.
Education: Long Island University, Brooklyn, NY Bachelor of Science, Business Administration Course concentration: Marketing
Trinity College, Dublin Ireland Exchange Student International Economics References:
Keith C Kyle 4907 Sapphire Drive, Valencia Lakes ? Wimauma, FL 813-***-****
Harry DeMell Esq., One Lincoln Plaza, Apt 19N New York, NY 10023
Contact this candidate