John R. Swapp
Lehi, Utah ***** 801-***-**** ad81vi@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-r-swapp

SUMMARY

An accomplished and driven senior consulting professional with extensive experience in project management, technology operations, and customer service in multiple enterprise SaaS software suites. This includes the healthcare information technology sector and the EAM / CMMS industry. Established capabilities in workflow management across multiple specialties and in training end users to use the system in the most efficient manner. Ensured testing of applications, analyzed client operations, performed troubleshooting, and provided workflow optimization solutions. Leverages excellent interpersonal and problem-solving skills to achieve operational excellence. Serves as a key contributor to the long-term success of the company. Proficient with technology and able to become an expert in the software suite being implemented in a brief period of time.

Project Management Customer Interaction Value Optimization Client Management Technical Collaboration Training and Knowledge Transfer Product Support and Best Practices Issue Resolution Account Management Industry Expertise Analytical and Technical Skills Consulting and Training

EXPERIENCE

IFS ULTIMO – IFS NORTH AMERICA
Senior Implementation Consultant / Project Manager - (Remote) 2023-2024

●Implemented all modules of the IFS Ultimo Enterprise SaaS EAM / CMMS software.
●Gathered current-state workflow and provided gap analysis for future-state workflows.
●Coordinated application admin functions, including data imports, verification, custom reports, and automation actions using advanced SQL scripting.
●Managed customer implementations to a high satisfaction level.

ACCRUENT
Senior Implementation Consultant / Project Manager - (Remote) 2016-2023

●Gathered current-state workflow and provided gap analysis to clients regarding future-state workflows.
●Leveraged expert knowledge and experience of all modules for Maintenance Connection Enterprise SaaS CMMS software.
●Tested installed system to ensure basic system integrity.
●Coordinated all application administrative functions with customers to include data imports from historical systems, verification of historical data, and defining custom reports and KPIs that needed to be configured.
●Served as rules manager for notifications and automation actions to accommodate customer business requirements, using advanced SQL scripting.
●Managed all levels of customer implementation to a high referral level of customer satisfaction and transitioned these customers to MC Support.

THE STOWE GROUP
Principal Allscripts Analyst / Senior Project Manager - (Remote) 2015-2016

●Performed Allscripts Touchworks enterprise application build in all modules, including base, charge, orders/results, note, scan, dictate and transcribe, RX, EHR stim set, and Meaningful Use.
●Utilized Order Compendium Synch Tool, Care Guide Mapping Tool, Starter Set Migration Tool (SSMT), and Content Management Tool (CMT).
●Applied knowledge of V11 Note, Note Forms, Forms, Flowsheets, and all things for clinical documentation of a patient visit.
●Conducted unit testing of the installed system to ensure basic system integrity.
●Coordinated any EHR application configuration with Lab / Rad, document, and device interface needs.
●Managed Level 3 support tickets to the highest level of client satisfaction.

CITI
Principal Allscripts Analyst / Senior Project Manager - (Remote) 2014-2015

●Gathered current-state workflow and provided gap analysis to clients regarding future-state workflows.
●Performed Allscripts Touchworks enterprise application build in all modules, including base, charge, orders/results, note, scan, dictate and transcribe, RX, EHR Stimulus Set, and Meaningful Use 1 and 2.
●Leveraged expert knowledge of the Order Compendium Synch Tool, Care Guide Mapping Tool, Starter Set Migration Tool (SSMT) and the Content Management Tool (CMT) for Lab, or Rad.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

XEROX HPS, Lehi, Utah, Principal Allscripts Analyst / Senior Project Manager, 2012-2014
Managed and implemented new client sites brought up on Allscripts Touchworks 11.4.1 HF19. Led an implementation team of eight implementation analysts, two interface analysts, and other ancillary staff. Maintained reporting for all activities for projects. Ran weekly update meetings with team and leadership.

HCTEC, Lehi, Utah, Principal Allscripts Analyst / Senior Project Manager, 2011-2012
Managed implementation team of 12 implementation analysts, two interface analysts, and other ancillary support staff. Mitigated any risks to projects and gathered weekly status reports. Presented team status to leadership monthly. Performed principal Allscripts analyst role as required.

ALLSCRIPTS, Lehi, Utah, Principal Allscripts Analyst, 2008-2011
Implemented Allscripts solutions and third-party products. Analyzed, resolved, and escalated problems encountered by the team during implementation of Allscripts products. Tested the installed system to ensure system integrity and assisted customers with parameterization and configuration necessary to deliver functionality defined in Allscripts solution requirements documentation.

CHARTLOGIC, INC., Salt Lake City, Utah, Senior Project Manager, 2002-2008
Analyzed client operations and workflow and configured ChartLogic® EHR application parameters to tailor product functionality to client needs and build system tables with client-specific definitions and data. Advised clients on operational impacts of using ChartLogic® EHR products.

EDUCATION

UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY- EASTERN
A.S., Emphasis in Information Technology, 1999 - 2001

CERTIFICATIONS

A+ Certified Network+ MCP MCSA MS Dynamics AX

TECHNICAL SKILLS

SQL Server Crystal Reports Microsoft Office Suite Visio XP Vista Windows 7, 10 and 11
Dragon Naturally Speaking Adobe Acrobat VBA Scripting Allscripts EHR Rhapsody ConnectR CMMS EAM SaaS XML
Contact this candidate