Jerelyn Brady
Rockport, Texas
ad81ej@r.postjobfree.com

Bay Ltd. A Berry Company- Corpus Christi, Texas May 2023- Sept. 2024
Oil & Gas Construction, Fabrication & Maintenance Services Contractor
Document Control Coordinator
Material Control Administrator
Administrative Assistant

Responsible for receiving, cataloging, and storing all incoming documents, including drawings, specifications, contracts and reports. Efficient management and record keeping of all project documents. Ensure all documents meet project requirements and adhere to company standards and regulatory guidelines.

Essential Responsibilities for Document Control:
Print and build Pressure Test /Hydro packages. Verify all information is accurate Provide to: (Engineer, Yard Manager, Project Manager, QC Manager, DC Supervisor) for proper distribution.
Facilitate project deliverables, documents, for operation, and final project turnover acceptance.
Process project deliverables formally within the document management system in a timely manner.
Utilizing software: Microsoft 365/ Office, Excel, Adobe Acrobat Standard 2017, Blu beam.

Essential Responsibilities for Material Control:
Coordinate the receipt of warehouse industrial construction materials, inspect condition of materials, and verification of quantities and process materials received and inventoried.
Develop work packages using material management system and follow client/contract specifications.
Resolves defective material issues, shipment discrepancies, and non-conformance with buyers and suppliers. Reconcile Receipts
Respond timely to requests from Senior Project Manager, Office Engineer, Materials Manager, procurement staff, project management, construction contractors & Field Staff.
Assists accounts payable personnel by providing correct and timely material receiving.

Essential Responsibilities as Administrative Assistant:
Assist Project Manager/Proctor to facilitate OQ’s for new and existing Employees (4-12)
Set up new employees in testing database. Assign online courses. Verify grade. Email diploma to Superintendent.
Schedule Meetings, email calendar invites, Data entry.

Work History 2017-2023:
Roto-Rooter- Corpus Christi, TX. Call Center Customer Service Manager (Contract)
Al Willaford Chevrolet-Online Marketing Coordinator (Contract)
South Texas Solar Co-San Antonio, TX- Customer Service Manager (Covid layoff)
Sheldon’s Harley Davidson Worcester, MA. Marketing Manager/Events Coordinator (Covid layoff) Relocated to TX.

Key Responsibilities and knowledge:
Able to effectively manage a team of 7-10 Customer Service Representatives.
Key responsibilities involved safety, profit & loss, client satisfaction, and employee engagement.
Coached dispatching team on how to handle and sell incoming service calls effectively.
Took charge of planning and hosting events that are pure fun and excitement for customers. Scheduled vendors, music, food, drinks for thousands of guests efficiently.
Facilitated marketing strategies that not only boosted the brand but also kept customers coming back for more.
Continuously came up with fresh ideas to keep employee’s energy high. Boost morale with contests, games, incentives, specials, sales and events.
Contact this candidate