Natesa G Sabapathy
Email: ad81b4@r.postjobfree.com
Fremont, CA. Phone: 248-***-****

Summary:
Seasoned Project Manager and Scrum Master with over a decade of specialized experience in Agile and Scrum framework. I excel in facilitating team dynamics, promoting Agile and Scrum values, and driving projects to successful completions through effective backlog management, sprint planning, and execution. I thrive in complex business and technical environments, utilizing tools like Jira, Confluence, and others to boost team productivity and deliver exceptional value to customers.

Skills:
●Mastery of Agile philosophy, and Scrum, XP, Kanban, Lean Six Sigma, Waterfall, and Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) methodologies.
●Skilled in Jira, Jira Align, JQL, Confluence, SharePoint, MS Outlook, and Teams.
●Experience in DevOps, CI/CD, TDD, ATDD, BDD, and UI/UX.
●Experience in MS Azure, Mobile Apps and Data Analytics.
●Proficient in facilitating Scaled Agile Program Increment (PI) Planning events and representing the teams in Scrum of Scrums (SoS) and Art Syncs.
●Effective in teams’ dependency, technical debt, risk management, and blockers and impediment removals and resolutions.
●Advocate for transparency, communication, collaboration, and cooperation within the Scrum teams to support a shared vision and exceptional value delivery.
●Help scrum teams to come up with the team norms, like Team Working Agreement, Story Definition of Ready and Definition of Done and making sure that the teams follow these agreements.
●Ensure that the team has a healthy Product backlog (in collaboration with the Product Owner and the team).
●Act as a servant leader by facilitating Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Backlog Refinement, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective meetings.
●Provide visibility into the Agile team’s delivery plans and progress to stakeholders in a transparent manner.
●Organize and facilitate the product release activities by following all the SDLC governance standards.
●Measure the team’s delivery, maturity and performance and review the metrics with the team to identify improvement opportunities.
●Be detail oriented, have a positive attitude and be open to feedback.
●Excellent project management, communication, problem-solving, conflict management and interpersonal skills.

Professional Experience:
Lead Scrum Master, Wells Fargo, San Leandro, CA. (July 2022 – July 2024).
●Helped two hybrid teams (Different locations in US and India) in Wells Fargo’s. Customer Lending projects, Team size: 9 members in each team.
●Facilitated all Scrum events enhancing team dynamics and product delivery.
●Maintained dashboards in Jira for transparent sprint execution tracking.
●Provided sprint metrics such as Sprint Goals, Burn Down, and Velocity charts, Team Predictability Index, and Churn Factor to the Leadership teams.
●Facilitated in resolving issues faced by the teams during the design, development, and testing of various types of notifications (alerts) sent out to Wells Fargo (Home and auto loans and credit cards) customers.
●Helped the teams in their product release activities making sure that all testing is done, business and technical approvals are obtained, and the required documentation has been prepared.
●Helped the Deployment Manager (RTE), and the Product Owners during the PI Planning and SoS sessions in the Customer Service projects.
●Helped in resolving issues the teams faced when using various DevOps, CI/CD and BDD tools such as such as Git, Puppet, Bamboo, Selenium, Cucumber, Splunk, SonarQube, Jenkins, Kubernetes, etc. during their development, particularly testing, monitoring, and deployment activities.

Scrum Master - Scaled Agile Framework, TIAA, Charlotte, NC. (Nov 2021 - June 2022).
●Led two Scrum and Kanban teams, focusing on solution creation for key projects. Team size: 9 and 10 members.
●Helped the teams in efficiently managing dependencies and risks to ensure the team’s ability to meet sprint commitments.
●Actively participated in the PI Planning and SoS meetings, thus ensuring teams’ performance alignment.

Scrum Master - Scaled Agile Framework, ATT/Direct TV, El Segundo, CA. (May 2021 - Oct 2021).
●Trained two Scrum teams within a large Agile Release Train in enhancing their Agile practices. Team Size: 9 and 11 members.
●Facilitated key Scrum events and helped the teams in resolving the dependencies, blockers and impediments faced by the teams.
●Contributed to the success of the big Data Management projects in a highly integrated development environment for analyzing various types of video and other streaming data.

Agile and Scrum Coach, Entergy, New Orleans, LA. (Jan 2021 - Mar 2021).
●Coached four teams (in different business domains) in Agile and Scrum, tailoring their approaches to fit the company’s business needs. Team Size: more than 9 members in each team.
●Suggested the creation of appropriate data marts for analyzing the regional customers’ power consumption data and visualization tools such as Tableau that could be used.

Scrum Master and Project Manager, ASML, San Jose, CA. (Nov 2019 - Nov 2020).
●Worked with multiple Scrum teams (more than 10 members in each team) across different technical domains and locations (Netherlands, Taiwan, and US). that used various types of DevOps and CI/CD tools such as Git, Bitbucket, Puppet, Bamboo, Selenium, Cucumber, Splunk, SonarQube, Jenkins, Kubernetes, etc.
●The company’s complex VDI project emphasized the importance of getting early feedback and making continuous improvements in the teams’ performance.
●The project was completed in 20 sprints of two weeks each.
As the Project Manager for their Data Centre Upgrade project, successfully completed the project making sure that the project Quality, Cost and Schedule were under in control. It was interesting to be a PM and SM at the same time.

Agile Coach and Scrum Master, Egan Holdings, Austin, TX. (Feb 2019 - Oct 2019).
●Coached their six engineers in Agile and Scrum framework.
●Spearheaded the adoption of the Scrum framework in the building renovation projects, demonstrating the versatility of Agile/Scrum adoption in non-software projects with the support of a highly innovative attitude of company’s leadership.

Scrum Master and Project Manager, Kaiser Permanente Health Care System, Pleasanton, CA. (Mar 2008 - Dec 2018).
●Helped the Scrum Team and business users in creating an Oracle database and data marts for analyzing the company’s medical equipment and supplies procurement data.
●Coached team members in Agile/Scrum and facilitated all the scrum events.
●Helped the scrum teams execute the following projects: Kaiser’s Procurement Data Analytics, Installation of PeopleSoft Supply Chain modules at the Kaiser School of medicine and Medical Equipment and Supplies Receiving. Team size: 10 and 8 members.
●As the Project Manager of a project that was part of a billion-dollar program, was involved in the installation and maintenance of PeopleSoft Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Asset Management, and General Ledger modules.

Education:
●Ph.D. in Systems Engineering, University of Madras, Chennai, Ind
●MBA in Systems Analysis, University of Madras, Chennai, India.
●PG Diploma in IT, Chisolm Institute of Technology, Melbourne, Australia.

Certifications:
●Project Management Professional (PMP) by PMI.
●Certified Scrum Master (CSM) by Scrum Alliance.
●Certified Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Scrum Master (SSM).
●Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) by PMI.
●Certified Kanban Expert (Kanban-EXP).
●Lean Six Sigma Yellow and Green Belts.
Contact this candidate