Presently I am working with M/S Al Karam Al Arabi For Catering Services LTD Kuwait as a Camp boss since last Sept- 2024.
SHAMEEM
AHMAD
Roustabout
Camp Boss
Store Keeper
PROFILE CONTACT DETAILS
Prepared purchase order in prescribed Inventory system, get approval from Project Manager/ Operations manager and send to procurement Department on time to place the order to Supplier. Receive and inspect both quantity and quality of all incoming materials and reconcile with Purchase Order and track damages and discrepancies upon orders received. Store receipt vouchers must be signed by both the storekeeper and the Operation managers. Wrap &Tag the items received if required and stack them properly in Store Update purchased records in system on same day of purchase and keep copy of the Purchase bills for record and make arrangement to send the Original Purchase bill to Head Office on monthly basis or as and when required in Head Office. If returns the goods to Supplier due to damage, not having the desired quality or for any other reason, book the Purchase Return in prescribed Inventory System, print and get signature from representative of the supplier and file it for record.
CONATACT NO- +965-********
WhatsApp- +968-********
ad82y6@r.postjobfree.com
Passport No- P3968243
D.O.B- 02nd April-1986
WORK EXPERIENCE
Core Skill
United Facilities Management Services LLC-OMAN Store Keeper cum Camp-boss April-2017 to Sept-2023 As a Camp Boss we are handling with Halliburton Co. for the overall camp management and maintenance. An employee allocated to this class of work is responsible for maintenance and repairs on camp sites to insure successful operation. Work is performed independently within established policies and procedures under the general direction of the Administrative superior.
Key Responsibilities: -
Preparing Menus and menus costing.
Cash handling like petty cash reimbursement, cash sale and encoding in system and reporting weekly basis to manager.
Dealing with client as subject to any matter related to Hospitality, food, staff, waste management, operations etc.
Daily costing and reporting to Operation Manager on daily basis.
Staff handling and the issues related to staff their health & Hygiene, accommodation, work, leave, timesheet, assessment etc.
Ensuring to produce safe, quality and tasty food for customers by following the international standards ISO 9001, 22000, 14000, 18001 and HACCP
Prescribe and maintain such forms as are reasonably necessary to conform to the requirements of this chapter and other rules and regulations
Supervise the inspection of all supplies, services and equipment purchased to insure conformance with specifications
Maintaining good relations between client and company towards strengthen business relations for future.
Capable to supervise the work.
Capable to establish and maintain
effective working relationships with
people and general public.
Capable to deal with employees from
multi-cultural backgrounds.
Expert to maintain financial records.
Confident to work independently.
Al Karam Al Arabi For Catering Services LTD Kuwait Camp Boss cum Store Keeper Sept-2023 to Present As a camp boss we are handling with KDC Company all activity which applicable at onshore site like a provide food, accommodating, Housekeeping and Laundry also provide everything at the rig site. Yamaha Motor India Pvt LTD India Quality Inspector Feb-2014 to March-2017 Quality Inspectors usually work at manufacturing plants on assembly lines to identify products that don’t meet quality standards. The role of a Quality Inspector is to use their observational skills to notice when a material, product part or finished product differs from the blueprints. Quality Inspectors quickly and efficiently assess incoming products at their assigned stage of production. This can occur when unpacking shipments from vendors, sorting products on an assembly line or preparing finished products for outgoing shipments. Quality Inspectors remove faulty items from the production line and report them to management to prevent sending poor quality items to customers. Honda Siel Cars India LTD India Assembly Operator April-2008 to January-2014 Motor vehicle assemblers assemble and install prefabricated motor vehicle parts and components to form subassemblies and finished motor vehicles. Motor vehicle inspectors and testers inspect and test parts, subassemblies, accessories and finished products to ensure proper performance and conformity to quality standards. They are employed in plants which manufacture automobiles, vans and light trucks. Position and install parts, subassemblies and accessories such as engines, transmissions, door panels or instrument panels using hand and power tools and other aids such as overhead hoists. Fit and adjust parts such as doors, hoods and trunk lids. H-One India Pvt Ltd India Assembly Operator April-2004 to March-2008 An Assembler is responsible for putting together component parts or pieces adhering to a specified set of blueprints or schematics. They verify the correct quantities of components parts and quality checking completed items, manage parts inventory and use hand tools and mechanical equipment to produce structurally sound products and structures.
The COMO (Facility Management Services LLC) as a Catering Services a Food Hygiene Training under my management.
HACCP Level-3 Certificate under my management.
H2S Training under my management.
5- S & Fire Warden under my management.
FEFO Training under my management.
First Aider Training under my management.
Employee Excellence programed under my
management.
ACHIVIEMENTS
EDUCATION
Secondary School July-1999 To June-2000
Higher Secondary School July-2000 To June-2002
Diploma ITI July-2000 To August-2002
Playing Cricket and watching TV
HOBBIES
Date: - 15-05-2024 Shameem Ahmad
Contact this candidate