KAMIL SHAKRA
**** **** ****** **, *** Harbor, Washington 98335
214-***-****, ad82ma@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

A highly accomplished, results-driven financial advisor and IT sales executive. Comprehensive experience in investment and financial advice and working with clients to address their financial needs. Possesses a proven track record of accomplishments in financial and technical fields including wealth management, software development, IT infrastructure, managed services, cloud computing.. Strong team leadership and communication skills and ability to cultivate professional and executive relationships with client decision makers.

EXPERIENCE
Gig Harbor, Washington
Fidelity Investments Clint Services Specialist Jan 2022- July 2022

Provided financial and investment services support to Fidelity Investment clients across the US working in a virtual office environment resulting in high level of client satisfaction across Fidelity wide range of financial and investment products and services.
Tacoma Washington
Licensed KeyBank Relationship Manager 2019-2020

Responsible for managing consumer and commercial banking sales and support functions. Provided wealth management and investment financial planning and advice to KeyBank’s clients in the Tacoma area.

USAA Wealth Management Financial Advisor Plano, Texas
2016- 2018
Provided investment, wealth management and retirement solutions to USAA members across the US.
Plano, Texas
Mueller Water Products Regional Sales Manager 2014-2016

Initiated and drove significant Echologics acoustic leak detection and pipe condition assessment products and consulting services to large water utilities across southern United States region. Developed strategic account relationships at large city water utilities such as Dallas, Ft. Worth, Houston, Austin, Denver and Albuquerque. Account developed represented a $3.5M opportunity for Echologics (a $12M unit of Mueller Water Products).

Merrill Lynch Financial Advisor Dallas, Texas
2013-2014 2013-2014
Provided investment planning and wealth management services to high net-worth clients, corporate executives, and small business owners in Texas. Cultivated a substantial network of senior executives, business owners and professionals focusing on medical, IT and oil and gas industries in Texas. Obtained financial advisory certification (FINRA Series 7 and 66) and developed comprehensive knowledge of Merrill Lynch and Bank of America investment, trust and loan offerings.
Dallas, Texas
IBM Financial Sales Executive (IBM Global Financing) 2010-2013

Drove financing sales for US West Services Division, focusing on Global Business Services (GBS) and Integrated Services (ITS) financing solutions. Provided national sales support for GBS services financing for communication and public sectors across the United States. Drove infrastructure services financing sales for western half of the United States, exceeding assigned revenue and signings targets for 2011-2012. Developed and implemented new services financing offerings and related sales collateral. Retired from IBM after 30 years of service.
Dallas, Texas
IBM Sales Manager, IBM Integrated Technology Services 2007-2009

Focused on opportunity identification and selling to client IT executive management. Sold IBM’s managed infrastructure services in Dallas-Fort Worth general business accounts, targeting strategic services opportunities for PC life cycle management, network, point of sale rollouts, security managed services, data center design and implementation, and server and storage consolidation services. Closed significant infrastructure services deals, exceeding signing and revenue quota of $15 M per year.

IBM Client Executive for Viewpointe, Experian, and AmeriCredit 2002-2007

Sold check image capture, storage, and delivery solutions nationally based on a variable cost on-demand business model. Sold Viewpointe hardware and software solutions for image capture, archiving, image quality, and security solutions to IBM’s large and mid-size banking accounts across the US. Led Experian and AmeriCredit IT sales for company’s data center and data mining solutions. Grew services revenue at Viewpointe in four years from $21 Million to $43 Million and closed a 6 year, $180 Million outsourcing contract in 2006. Sold solutions for mainframe Z, P Unix servers, SAN attached storage, tape, and leasing at Experian and AmeriCredit while meeting or exceeding assigned quota.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

IBM Client Executive for Bank of America, 1998-2002. Managed IBM sales and delivery resources for the Richardson data center, one of two largest bank data centers, and data centers for the credit card division. Developed senior management relationships resulting in sales for payment capture solutions and advanced ATM software. Sold server and storage systems and upgrades for IBM Z, P and X servers, storage systems, virtual tape, and Tivoli products. Provided sales support for high availability systems management. Consistently met or exceeded sales quota for 4 years

Financial Sales Executive, IBM Global Financing, 1997-1998. Sold PC leasing and financing solutions to PC dealers and customers in Midwestern states. Developed and marketed financing programs and leasing spreadsheets targeted at large PC dealers. Exceeded leasing quota and expanded IGF leasing at major business partner firms.

Senior Project Manager, IBM Global Services, 1993-1997. Managed $20 M project for the design and implementation of integrated refinery management systems for Saudi Aramco Oil Refinery. Managed infrastructure rollout for 130 locations using UNIX servers and Cisco routers for Talent Tree in Houston. Managed complex application development and integration project for credit authorization at Associates Bancorp in Dallas. Supervised 15 application developers working on AS/400, S/390 and Powerbuilder environments, application successfully installed on 50 AS/400 systems.

IBM AS/400 Sales Consultant, 1992-1993. Developed national brand and marketing programs for mid-range servers targeting downsized and competitive accounts. Established alliances with new business partners and presented IBM product strategies at national industry conferences such as BPEC, NAII, and Common.

IBM Sales Unit Manager, 1989-1992. Exceeded assigned unit quota consistently as a sales manager of 12 sales reps and systems engineers, managed sales for S/390, AS/400, UNIX, and PC accounts in the Midwest.

IBM Advisory Sales School Instructor, 1987-1989. Developed course materials for IBM Sales and Systems Engineering classes. Lectured and managed finance, leasing, sales, and systems engineering classes for newly hired IBM sales and technical support professionals, each class ran for 3 to 4 weeks and consisted of 48 students.

IBM Account Systems Engineer, 1982- 1987. Provided technical sales and installation support to large Minnesota based accounts including Harvest States, 3M, Cargill, Rosemount, and General Mills.

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF ST. THOMAS, St. Paul, Minnesota
M.B.A. with High Honors
UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA, Minneapolis, Minnesota
M.S. Candidate, Computer Science
UNIVERSITY OF PETROLEUM AND MINERALS, Dhahran, Saudi Arabia
B.S. Systems Engineering and Automation

LICENSURE
FINRA Series 7 and 66, 2013
CERTIFICATION
Certified IBM Project Manager

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
IBM Sales Instructor, business management, software, IT services, IBM systems architectures, finance and leasing
Contact this candidate