CV of Construction Manager Page * of *
Mohammad Farooq
Construction Manager
Current Details
Location : California, USA
Mobile : +1-209-***-****
E-mail : ad82bw@r.postjobfree.com
Career Summary
A dedicated results driven professional with 28 years of experience and commitment to successful business and project management practice, having worked for both Clients and Contractors across a broad range of industries including:
Oil & Gas Manufacturing Power Generation
Chemicals Petrochemical Building
Construction
Trainings and Certificates
RLIC PERMIT (EPCW)
ISO 9000 Awareness Training (TUV/FAHSS)
IQM Middle East, NEBOSH HSE training
Safety Awareness (Juaymah Gas Plant AND Jeddah
Refinery
Occupational health & safety Auditor
IOSH FROM DISS DOHA
Key Competencies and Skills
Construction Management:
Scope Evaluation Work Time Estimation Resource Estimation Critical Path Analysis Contract Deliverable Development
Contract Administration:
Development of RFQs Negotiation of Contract T&Cs Contract Finalization Contract Change Register Management
Interface Management:
Prepare Interface Register Identify Project Interfaces Prepare Interface Packages Coordination with Interface Stakeholder Budget Forecast Variance Analysis Professional Experience (28 Years)
O
1
Company : Blackcat Engineering & Construction WLL
Position : Construction Manager
Black Cat Engineering & Construction offers a range of services from consultancy, detailed design & engineering, construction, installation & commissioning, with the disciplines of civil, structural, mechanical, CV of Construction Manager Page 2 of 5
piping/pipeline, and Cost Controls, electrical and instrumentation. Our engineers support the complete project cycle from FEED stage through to startup and ongoing Asset Management Services. Project Highlights
Project Epic For Dukhan Production Facilities Upgrade (DPFU) Phase 1A - Package 1
Client Qatar Petroleum, Qatar
2021 to 30 OCT 2023
Role Site Manager
Responsibilities:
Coordinate with client for all disciplines regarding all issues.
Coordinate with QP for all approval.
Project EPIC for CNG stations in RLIC & MIC 16th July 2019 to 21st April 2021 Client Qatar Petroleum, Qatar Role Interface Co-ordinator Responsibilities:
Coordinate with RLIC, PNP, Karama and TDOC, for solving all issues regarding the project.
Follow up with RLIC for approval of lao (Land lease for all disciplines crossing).
Follow up with all other plants for project issues.
Prepared the interface register.
Attend the interface meetings with clint including rlic.
Prepared the interface weekly reports for client Client Oryx GTL, RLIC Qatar Oct 2017 to Jun 2019
Role Construction Manager
Projects worked:
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-29 -pic of re-routing of mac intercooler condensate
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-30-PI to provide support for the broken corbel in ns pipe rack-unit 30 area
P I C OF ORYX GTL sewage tie in to rlic (MOC 1196)
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-34 - PIC of ATR platform modifications
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-35 - PIC for improving lab equipment availability
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-36 - PIC of U20 ATR infrared thermal imagers shell hot spot temperature Monitors
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-37- PIC Of HVAC, F&G and reliable power at data centre
PIC Of U20 ATR infrared thermal imagers shell hot spot temperature monitors
Project Construction Of The Helium 3 OSLB/ISLB Facilities - Helium 3 Project Oct 2016 to Sep 2017
Client Chiyoda Almana /Ras Gas RLIC Qatar Role Sr. Instrument Engineer Client Oryx GTL, RLIC Qatar
Role Construction Manager May 2014 to Sep 2016
Projects worked:
TC-CN-073-13-EN - EPIC for integration of unit-84 TFER with SCCB RLTO (MOC-577)
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-15 - PIC for fin fan motors cables replacement in unit 10 train 1 and train 2 (MOC 1494)
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-16 - PIC for unit-20 natural gas feed flow control valves upgrade (MOC 1038)
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-21 - PIC for STG outlet-line supports replacement (MOC 1418)
TC-CN-062-13-EN-WO-24 - (PIC) for gate relocation of storage yard (b) at ASU unit 10 to facilitate the execution of MOC 1494 CV of Construction Manager Page 3 of 5
works.
Construction Works For Unit 50 Pumps Seal Plan Upgrade – Technip Middle East
Responsibilities:
Direct and manage project development from conceptualization, procurement, and installation to commissioning.
Define scope, goals, and deliverables for successful execution of projects in collaboration with senior management and clients.
Prepare the job-based instructions, supplemented with the results of the contract review, clarifications, meeting results and planning documents.
Ensure that all work activities are carried out in a safe manner implementing the HSE Plan.
Study the scope of work & supply and identify/advise to procure long lead items in sufficient time to comply with the program.
Monitor the project progress and ensure effectively utilize resources and production methods/systems to achieve maximum productivity.
Coordinate with Logistics Coordinators, Stores In-charge and Garage for all resources and “in house” support services.
Adhere and implement the project quality system requirements as lay down in the project quality plan and supported by the relevant project procedures, method statements, inspection & test plan.
To maintain the project budget and to understand it enough for delivering the project within the defined budget.
To work directly with team members to estimate effort, plan activities and negotiate consensus among individual team on their appointed tasks.
Project EPIC FOR Continuous Emission Monitoring System In Dukhan (CEMS) 17th July 2012 to 21st April 2014 Client Qatar Petroleum, Qatar Role Construction Manager Role Sr. Instrument Engineer Oct 2007 to Jun 2012
Client Qatar Petroleum, Qatar
Projects worked:
GC09102200 - EPIC Of Sweet Fuel Gas Supply For Dukhan Consumers (SFG)
GC10100600 - EPIC For Produced Water Treatment & Injection Phase-2
ARAB-D Turnaround Shutdown
GC07102600 - EPIC Of Creation Of 3 Additional Slots At 26 Gas Lift Manifold Stations In Dukhan
GTC07/146/ED -EPIC OF Creation Corrosion Inhibition Facilities At Well Heads With Gas Lifts At Dukhan
GTC07/178/ED - EPIC Of Replacement Of V2003 & Installation Of Aircooler At NGL-2 MESAIEED
GTC07/129/ED -EPIC Of Raw NGL Injection Facility At Well Head Dukhan 568
Napthenic (Sulfidic) Caustic Injection Project (Client- Ras Gas)
CNG Project - RLIC Area
Responsibilities:
Direct and manage project development from conceptualization, procurement, and installation to commissioning.
Direct and manage project development from conceptualization, design, procurement and installation to commissioning.
Define scope, goals and deliverables for successful execution of projects in collaboration with senior management and clients.
Prepare the job-based instructions, supplemented with the results of the contract review, clarifications, meeting results and planning documents.
CV of Construction Manager Page 4 of 5
Ensure that all work activities are carried out in a safe manner implementing the HSE Plan.
Study the scope of work & supply and identify/advise to procure long lead items in sufficient time to comply with the program.
Monitor the project progress and ensure effectively utilize resources and production methods/systems to achieve maximum productivity.
Coordinate with Logistics Coordinators, Stores In-charge and Garage for all resources and “in house” support services.
Adhere and implement the project quality system requirements as lay down in the project quality plan and supported by the relevant project procedures, method statements, inspection & test plan.
To maintain the project budget and to understand it enough for delivering the project within the defined budget.
To work directly with team members to estimate effort, plan activities and negotiate consensus among individual team on their appointed tasks.
Company : M.R. AL-Khathlan EST. – K.S.A Dec 2004 to Sep 2007 Position : Construction Manager
Projects worked:
CDU Overhead Condenser Fin Fan Modification of Rabigh Refinery.
Upgrade Wastewater Treatment Facilities Jeddah Refinery and Marine Area.
Juaymah ESD and Auxiliary Control System Replacement, Saudi Aramco – Juaymah Gas Plant, BI-10-03180.
Fuel Gas Supply to Gulf Farabi Petrochemical Jubail. BI.2100005. Saudi Aramco.
Kerosene Supply to Gulf Farabi Petrachemical from Saudi Aramco Shell Refinery Jubail Industrial City.
Nitrogen Paraffin Supply to Gulf Farabi Petrochemical from Industrial Sea Port Jubail Saudi Arabia.
Hydrogen Gas Supply to Gulf Farabi from N.I.G.C Jubail Saudi Arabia.
Portable Water Supply to Gulf Farabi from MARAFIC Royal Commission Jubail Saudi Arabia.
Linear Alkyl Benzene (LAB) Supply from GFPC to Industrial Sea Port Jubail City.
W.R Two Grades Gasoline and Additional Capacity requirements BI.3548.At Yanbu Refinery/Bulk Plant Saudi Aramco. 2003 TILL 2004
COMPANY : ABDULLAH AL-QAHTANI CO. –
K.S.A.
POSITION : INSTRUMENT ENGINEER
Duration : ( 23 may 1995 to 08 March 1998)
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Installation, testing and maintenance of cooling units, elevators, escalators and generators, communication system of Khobar Tower Project and Military City at Dammam.
1995 TILL 2003
COMPANY :SAUDI PLASTIC CO. (SAPPCO) – K.S.A.
POSITION :INSTRUMENT ENGINEER
Duration :September 1993 to May 1995
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducting the inspection of various electrical equipments during the in process and final stage of production.
Responsible for conducting all laboratory tests including material CV of Construction Manager Page 5 of 5
test, etc.
Responsible for performing electrical works for PVC, CPVC, Polyethylene, PE machines, standby generators, air compressors, safety alarm systems and public addressing telephone system, water chillers, internal communication system.
Installation of fire detection system, repairing AC/DC motors, design of electrical panels for AC/DC control, communication system, testing equipments maintenance and spare parts arrangements, etc.
Installation of PVC machines, new mixer plant, compressors, new chiller units, etc.
1991 TILL 1995
COMPANY : PAKISTAN OIL AND GAS
POSITION : QAQC ELECTRICAL AND
INSTRUMENT INSPECTOR
Duration : Nov 1991 to Sep 1993
RESPONSIBILTIES:
Installed and managed new communication system of Pakistan Oil and Gas Company.
Organizing, monitoring and testing of materials and to establish a system of records to be presented to the client representatives during the construction and act close contract.
Coordinating the quality system and inspection procedure of Pakistan Oil and Gas Company site personnel and initiate procedures to rectify non-conformance and prevent
reoccurrences.
Investigate local independent testing laboratories, present suitable facilities to client’s representative for approval.
Quality assurance and quality engineering, implementation of lines inspections, final inspection and audit inspections etc.
Liaison with sub-contractor so as to ensure that their quality system meet with client’s approval and Pre-commissioning and Commissioning.
Provide weekly written report on the status of all construction related matters offsite to the project manager.
Preparation of project quality plan for all stages of the project.
Preparation of quality looks ahead schedule for quality assurance activities.
Review of project document as per client requirement and contract.
Review of vendor drawing and specifications as per stand and project specifications.
Ensure all activity carried out as per approved ITP’s.
Ensure installation, testing and commissioning of all electrical and communication equipment complies with the approved QA Plan.
Ensure all the site changes shall be reflected on as built drawing. Education Qualification
Bachelor of Science
University of Peshawar. Pakistan
Contact this candidate