Calen Bradley
Telephone: 845-***-****
Email: ad82h3@r.postjobfree.com

A highly motivated, resourceful, adaptable, respectful, charismatic, empathic, energetic, optimistic, creative, detail oriented, with excellent communication, interpersonal and organizational skills. Works expeditiously to meet deadlines. Brings enthusiasm to team projects and encourages others to workable ideas.
Skills: Customer Relationship Management, Project/ Team Management, Conflict Resolution, Executive Leadership, Risk Management Strategy, Business Plan Outlines, Event Planning, Public Relations, Mobile Marketing Strategy, Global Business Strategy, Product Management, Search Engine Optimization, Google AdWords/Analytics, Executive Training, Client Management, Negotiation and Deal Making, Graphic/Web Design, Branding/Merchandising, Internet Marketing/Marketing, Sales.

Work Experience:

Trainer/Shift Lead
C&S Wholesale Grocers Chester, NY/Plant City, FL
June 2019 – Current

Currently train and oversee between 15 - 35 students/selectors.
Mentor new incentive selectors to help increase morale, safety, and team productivity.
Implemented a training workshop, selection strategies/routes, and warehouse slotting.
Work closely with management and supervisors, utilities dept., auditing dept., and damages dept.
Stand in supervisor.
Rewarded employee of the month.

Project Manager
Complete Facilities Solutions New York, NY
April 2016 - June 2019

Managed a 4-man team.
Act as liaison between the clients in NYC and the company while on the job.
Address and find solutions for unforeseen problems and answer all questions the clients may ask.
Paint and renovate high profile apartments around Madison Ave in NYC.
Set up monitors for firms, connecting them to usb c docks, running cables, doing punch downs to create Ethernet cables, and then checking the cables to make sure they’re working properly.
Using pallet jacks, dollies and bins to move entire offices in one location, loading bins onto a moving truck and unloading and setting up the company at another location.

Lead Customer Sales & Service Representative
Spectrum Middletown, NY
July 2013 – November 2017

Special project management, spread sheets, reports, daily performance reviews, customer satisfaction interactions, internal and external marketing, developing and executing sales strategies,
Coaching and training customer service and technical staff on marketing campaigns. Work closely with staff from other departments.

Graphic Designer
Straus News New York NY
April 2014 – July 2016

Created and corrected advertisements that ran in 17 different newspapers, created magazine layouts for Highland Lake.
Booked clients then created ads from emails, sales team information, and spec ads.
Worked closely with the sales department to create “mock” ads for future clientele, while sending (email/dropbox) ads that needed to be outsourced.
Programs used: Abode CS5 Indesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Expanse and PBS Live booking and editing software.

Project Manager/Web Designer
Rohr Construction Hybrid
Feb 2014 – July 2014

Social Media Marketing: Created a webpage, a wix page, facebook page, flickr page, uploading more than 200 pictures.
Consulted with godaddy, created business emails linking to gmails, changed passwords. Created a brochure, created a promotional video and uploaded it to youtube.

Project Manager
T.H.E. Movement Hybrid Grenada, Philadelphia, New York
Dec 2011– June 2014

Plan and pick up artist coming from Grenada to New York.
Make traveling arrangements for artists coming from Philadelphia to New York.
Created T-shirts, created Logos, created Posters, created album covers, website.
Uploaded songs with lyric sheets and set up a PayPal for merchandise.
Copyright and publishing,
Created a publishing company for the group.
Recording engineer and mixing Engineer, music arranger, executive Producer.
Social media promotion ordered props and accessories for bands’ performance.
Kept in contact with the venue about the band and their stage set-up.
Kept their lawyer/manager up to date with the band’s progress.

Entertainment Assistant Manager
Club Med Sandpiper
October 2010 - April 2012

All-inclusive resort with interaction and customer service for international/national vacationers. When dealing with various international cultures it’s extremely important to be able to communicate to make everyone feel welcome.

Acted as liaison for the President, CFO and COO of Club Med.
Answered executive’s questions or comments from the French and Canadian branches of Cub Med.
Was a key part in the renovation of the resort, audio set-up, and wiring.
Was the DJ/theater/live events engineer working closely with all performers at the resort.

Children’s Home Society of Florida
Project Manager
August 2009

A NPO for parents who are looking to adopt.

Lead a team of 3.
Placed radio ads for their upcoming meet and greet event. Where parents who would like to adopt, children looking to get adopted, and social workers come together.
Created a magazine/ brochure for the parents looking to adopt.
Booked venue in downtown Orlando complete with a panel consisting of young adults telling their stories on the positive impact the organization had on their lives.

Education:
Master’s degree in business - Full Sail University
Contact this candidate