ad82da@r.postjobfree.com 760-***-****
Patricia Hurlocker
ad82da@r.postjobfree.com or ad82da@r.postjobfree.com 760-***-**** Career Summary
Project Manager and IT Business Technologist / Software Engineering professional providing strategic client software solutions and business analysis. Skilled in Life Sciences Class 3 General Controls and Pre/Post Approval projects as well as project management for business processes and solutions, software engineering, and data science and visualization. Action-oriented with a solid project completion history in delivering on implantable medical devices and software projects, data analysis and modeling, and new technology implementations. Subtle ability to effectively communicate and generate trust and confidence with teams, executives, and business group audiences.
Career Objectives
Employ my acumen of business management knowledge to promote Team stability and deliver medical devices or strategic IT solutions to make intelligent management decisions. Support data management and business processes to positively influence the bottom line with product and solutions. Collect, manage and project controls to deliver work products based on sound business decisions. Project/Program Management in medical device manufacturing and/or IT Software Engineering. Authorized to work in the US for any employer and can satisfy all Security Clearance requirements. Special Highlights
Project Manager for Medical Device Class 3 and Class 2 Regulatory and NPD R&D – FDA launch and DEKRA MDR
Project Manager/Software Analyst-Engineer for key Oracle/IBM/SAP development and data integration interfaces.
Executive Management Project Manager responsible to manage, develop, and submit station data for evaluation by the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (INPO) from developed guidelines and regulatory requirements.
Data Sciences & Visualization assignments and projects designed to showcase tools and knowledge of:
Statistical solutions and descriptive reports (training effectiveness, usage reports, client feedback)
Social Media web scraping, data analysis, and Vader Sentiment solutions
GeoMapping for business locations and Inventory Management (warehouse and equipment)
Machine learning and statistical analysis of chemical makeup
Principal IT support for development of site critical project tracking software, key performance indicators, detailed exception reporting, collaborating with stakeholders for validation and acceptance.
Principal Analyst and Server Management of Daily Critical Data Loads from SAP > Oracle Database/Primavera > SAP.
Principal Project Manager/Analyst for Kiosk interfaces to manage workflow and work completion activities for SAP billing and Primavera (P6/P3e) for reporting development for Work/Outage Management coordination. Project Manager
(12/2021-12/2023
Edwards LifeSciences via Trinus contract(s) – THV DEKRA MDR implementation of SAPIEN 3/SAPIEN 3 Ultra valves, Delivery Systems, Introducer Sheath, Balloon, and Crimper 2022
SURGICAL – DEKRA MDR implementation of INTUITY valves, Delivery System, and Balloon, MITRIS Valves and accessories. NPD Project Planning and Support for new product(s) in THV and SURGICAL. Delivered projects on-time or early with Team manufacturing support based on Regulatory management request. Sr. Analyst/Developer
(4/2020-9/2020)
Gibson Dunn - Tableau, Tableau Prep, Tableau Server Administrator, ETL jobs, data warehouse for Knowledge Management and Business Intelligence Software Engineer/Property Mgr:
(9/2013-current)
Lock & Safe - Property Manager, Software Engineer, IT data scientist/software analyst – Student at UCSD Extension Supporting family Trust and other properties, family support. ad82da@r.postjobfree.com 760-***-****
Project Mgr/Sr Systems Analyst:
(6/1997-9/2013)
Southern California Edison (SCE) Increasing responsibility and job progression from systems analyst (ASY III) to a dual role in Project Management/Principal Software Systems Analyst-Engineer for IT Projects, including Infrastructure, and Maintenance. Contracts and Purchasing Agent:
(1/1995-6/1997)
Volt Technical for SCE -IT Services, software and equipment, Supply Chain, station service contracts, special nuclear materials, focus develop/review/negotiate contracts. Technical Writer/Office Admin:
(12/1994-1/1995)
SCE - Regulatory Affairs, Procurement, Technical Services, Outage Management, Maintenance
Work Mgmt/Contract Mgmt: Fluor Corporation – Site Hire – Contract management, schedule work and craft. Dosimetry Specialist / Lead: Volt Technical – RAD Services – Site Hire – Supervision of a staff of 25 in 5 locations. Duties / Responsibilities / Contributions
Project Mgmt Edwards Build and Manage Regulatory and NPD R&D schedules (SCRUM, Meetings, Manage Commitments)
Consult/Partner with Regulatory, Quality, Engineering, Manufacturing, Labeling, Documentation, Supply Chain, Warehousing, and International Regulatory for product build and distribution.
Manufacturing interface (Singapore, Ireland, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, Draper Utah, and vendor build sites.
Planning and execution of timely Regulatory responses (FDA & DEKRA), Annual Reports for initial release, sustaining, and retirement of products in specified markets
Strategic interface with Marketing and Sales for implementation timelines
Labeling and Regulatory Approval for changes needed and Edwards MDR for Patient and Physician/Medical website information.
Project Mgmt IT Interface with Stakeholders and development teams (consult/partner) to identify, build, and deliver innovative IT solutions.
Track and manage projects using Earned Value Management (EVM) and Risk Management
Developed a communications plan template/schedule for IT Solutions Delivery
Managed and guided development teams work assignments to accomplish successful software implementations within 5-10% of project requirements for scope, cost and schedule.
Held morning and evening conference calls with off-shore teams to achieve synergy and stay on track, provided guidance on environment challenges to resolve technical problems.
Management of the software lifecycle (SDLC) in all areas (project/product evaluation, requirements, development, test, integration, implementation, and maintenance) as a Project Manager/Sr System Analyst.
Managed or created formal project documentation for assigned projects, including: project charter, estimates (non-recurring cost and recurring cost estimates), as-needed project change notices.
Worked as a consultant or single-point of contact to meet clients’ needs.
Worked with PM team to select and schedule employee and offshore resources to maximize effort. Solutions Delivery Streamlined and reduced delivery time while improving product solutions and modeling in business software development, machine learning, and visualizations.
Integral SAP Enterprise project team member designated to gather system requirements, security analysis, interface development and dashboard reporting interface, perform unit and user acceptance testing (UAT), and implementations.
Creator and reviewer for applications Entity Relationship (ER/D)s and Data Flow (DF/D), and other diagrams.
Managed, designed, and implemented SCE in-house and commercial software applications to achieve business needs, reduce human error, and implement process improvements across multiple business units in the power generation business and nuclear regulated environment.
Specialist in requirements gathering from internal and external Clients, software requirements development, system design, test planning, test script development, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), System Verification and Validation, implementation and system maintenance.
Exception reporting to manage critical work processes, special work assignments, and routine client support.
ad82da@r.postjobfree.com 760-***-****
Maintenance Streamlined maintenance activities by improving documentation and approval cycles for stored procedure changes, bug fixes, data changes, data loads, requirement updates.
Principal Analyst for the Nuclear Document Records Management System (NDMS) assigned to object development and the Network Engineering team to manage five (5) terabytes of data hosted on Oracle Database, workflow, impacts to Cisco routers, storage and security of data management network file servers and archive (WORM).
Critical software application system specialist for: Integrated Health Physics (IHPS), Site Worker Scheduling (SWS), Site Timekeeping System (STS), Contractor Timekeeping System (SWS), Vision
(training development application), and Autonomy.
Technical writing for both offshore development and onsite development activities. Developed training materials for systems and provided training to key user groups. Developed user manuals, installation instructions for technicians, and help desk call center support. Infrastructure Security Analyst for Oracle implementations necessary to create and manage Database, Roles, Objects, and Data.
Network Engineering Security Analyst for User security, Server security, and File System security
Purchasing Agent and Contract Management for Supply Chain, IT equipment and Services, Station emergent and critical needs
Leadership Mentor for junior analysts and interns
Process improvement team member, developed standard EV template, communications template, work process improvements in documentation.
Education
Data Science and Visualization, University of California, San Diego, CA . – December, 2018. Project Management, University of California, Irvine, CA. – March, 2013. Business Intelligence (BI), Oracle Database 11g/12, SQL & PL/SQL, Oracle University - 2015. Microsoft Certified Administrator and Certified Network Engineer, Palomar College, San Marcos, CA. 1999 B.S. in Information Systems, College of Business Administration, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA. 1994. Certificates and Software Tool Expertise
Crystal Reports, Visio, Access, Excel, and Word, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign Microsoft SharePoint (implementation/development/maintenance) Microsoft Network Administrator (Network Security, User Management, File System Security Management, Server Management/Services Management)
Certificate Root Cause Evaluator, QA/QC.
SAP Business Warehousing Query Writing (BEx), SAP Data Warehousing, SAP Query Proficient in Sybase Infomaker, PowerBuilder
Proficient in Oracle database security, database design, and database management Proficient in Oracle Primavera software
Proficient in TOAD and DbVisualizer
ad82da@r.postjobfree.com 760-***-****
Soft Skills
● Team building & Leadership
● Strong communication skills
● Critical thinking
● Conflict resolution
● Accurate problem identification
● Excellent solutions evaluation and solver
Technical Skills
● Enterprise Implementations (ITIL)
● System and Data Migrations, ETL development
● Development lifecycles: Agile, Waterfall, Incremental, and Prototype
● Application lifecycle management
● Business Requirements and System Requirements
gathering and management tracking
● System Analysis & Design
● Application Development
● Testing Specialist in interfaces, database and application interfaces
● Application version management
● Application Deployment
● Data Architect
● Data Science and Visualization
● Artificial Intelligence
● Statistical Analysis and Reporting
● Technical Writing
● Verity/Autonomy Data Analyst
● Lead Projects and Project Meetings
● Project budgeting & Cost Controls
● Quality Assurance/Control – Root Cause Evaluator Tools for Business Data Visualization and Software Development Business Intelligence
SQL (and PLSQL) actively learning Kusto
Tableau
Microsoft BI Analytics
Pandas (data cleaning)
SharePoint Admin (document sharing/small apps)
Front End Visualization
Tableau
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
Dashboarding
JavaScript Charting
D3.js
Sharepoint Designer
Microsoft Flow
Advanced Excel
Pivot Tables
VBA Scripting
Graphing
Data Modeling and Forecasting
Statistical Modeling
Statistical Forecasting
Pivot Tables
VBA Scripting
Deployment
Heroku
Apache TomCat
GITHUB
Sharepoint
Active Directory A/D MSI Packaging
Python Programming and Web Frameworks
Python 3
NumPy
Pandas
Matplotlib
API Interactions
Social Media Data Mining
R and SAS programming
Statistical Modeling
Statistical Forecasting
Pivot Tables
VBA Scripting
Databases
Oracle
Microsoft Azure Cosmos DB / MySQL
MongoDB
ETL for data extract, transform and load
GeoMapping
Leaflet.js
Mapbox
Machine Learning
Big Data Analytics with Hadoop
Machine Learning
Testing Tools
API Test
Selenium
Server Management
Active Directory (security management)
Apache/TomCat
Full stack development & deployment
https://www.linkedin.com/in/patricia-hurlocker-32706b63/
Contact this candidate