Y I YUN QIU
PROJECT MANAGER (CAPM)
CONTACT PROFILE
571-***-****
ad828w@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yiyun-
qiu-609416199/
Skilled project manager with experience leading cross- functional teams, resolving project delays, and driving initiatives to successful outcomes. Strong background in communication, data analysis, and stakeholder
engagement. Fluent in Chinese and English. Proficient in key project management tools, ensuring efficient project execution and delivery.
SKILLS EXPERIENCE
Microsoft Office, Photoshop, Adobe
Illustrator, Salesforce, Project
Management Software (e.g., Asana,
Trello)
Project Planning, Risk Management,
Stakeholder Engagement, Team
Leadership
Happy Go Lucky Exhibition New York, NY
Temporary Project Manager June 2021 – June 2021
Managed a large-scale exhibition, coordinating with the curator and design team to ensure timely execution. Handled schedules and tasks, addressing delays to ensure the event opened on time—improved communication, reduced schedule delays by 20%, and optimized resource use across departments. LinkedIn China Shanghai, China
Communication Intern October 2021 – January 2022 Managed advertising campaigns, coordinated data collection, and analyzed project scope to meet client goals. Enhanced client relations, ensuring timely contracts and adjusting projects to meet evolving needs. Improved project forecasts by incorporating feedback.
China Toy & Juvenile Association New York, NY
Communication Intern February 2017 – February 2019 Organized logistics for the annual Toy Fair with over 1,000 participants, ensuring smooth event operations. Analyzed market trends and collaborated with teams to plan and execute the event, solving logistical challenges to improve participant engagement.
xThink New York, NY
Communication Intern June 2019 – August 2019
Analyzed competitor data and provided strategic insights to support the project team. Advised students on graduate applications, helping them plan and avoid risks. Collaborated with stakeholders to ensure successful project delivery and satisfaction.
EDUCATION
Northeastern University Boston, MA
Master of Project Management,
Human Resource Management &
Cooperative Communication
Concentration
Sep 2022 – Jul 2024
St. John’s University Jamaica, NY
Bachelor of Science in
Communication Arts
Sep 2017 - Jan 2021
Contact this candidate