Emil Peter
Lake Saint Louis, MO ***** 608-***-**** ad82jf@r.postjobfree.com
•https://www.linkedin.com/in/emilpeter/

Dynamic product and project manager with 10+ years of experience in software and hardware development. Proven expertise in enterprise data and product lifecycles, from research to delivery. Seeking a leadership role to advance AI, ML, and NLP techniques for data analysis, security, and product experience, exceeding user expectations and establishing leadership in the field.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

City of Lake Saint Louis, Lake Saint Louis, MO 05.2024–Present
Parks Maintenance Worker
Inspects and maintains city parks, grounds, and facilities.
Operates and maintains light and heavy equipment.
Prepares fields for sporting events, prepares facilities for special programs and events.

CFM Logistics, LLC, Saint Louis, MO 07.2023–02.2024
IT Principal / Director
Directed my team in modernizing and building a robust IT department.
Headed physical office move of IT equipment and server hardware.
Managed and administered multiple system critical software packages with minimal interruption and updated feature delivery and deployments.
Selected opportunities for growth and development for my team and improving overall customer experiences.

SSM HealthCare, Saint Louis, MO 02.2022– 06.2023
Information Security Analyst, Senior
Guided and collaborated with multi-disciplinary teams integrated to provide a better, faster onboarding access provisioning experience for employee positions throughout the SSM system.
Developed interim onboarding process utilizing AI and ML that decreased time for new hire access provisioning from 6+ weeks to ~36 business hours in 95% of cases.
Automated data analysis and routine updates of data and reporting to all levels of stakeholders removing hours of daily manual work.

Spectrum Communications, Maryland Heights, MO 11.2021–02. 2022
Integration Analyst, Senior
Collected and directed a team of 15 technical staff to build and release consumer facing service catalog site for Spectrum communications various services.
Held regular progress, performance, and stakeholder review meetings to address challenges, successes met, and obstacles overcome by the team.
Reviewed APIs, network calls, and data validation models to provide a better customer experiences for pricing application to order new or upgrade existing services.

FedEx Services, Memphis, TN 08.2017– 10.2021
Technical Advisor
Oversaw and managed global, multi-national cross-functional teams and facilitated B2B relationships to meet project management planning for various phases of the global cellular IoT device product life cycle, resulting in significant cost savings in an Agile environment.
Championed the installation of organization-wide Change Control processes for OEM to meet ISO standards and Corporate Compliance needs, while providing leadership and direction for new and emerging low-power network and telecommunications technologies to enhance global market-leading IoT devices and go-to market strategies.
Co-designed and developed a stand-alone Android application using AI and ML data analysis to evaluate and verify code enhancements and bug fixes, leading to a 54% increase in flight detection success capabilities after bug fixes and machine learning optimization algorithm integration.
Senior Technical Analyst 06.2013– 08.2017
Managed the SenseAware IT troubleshooting and support program for production and testing environment web app and IoT hardware issues across multiple computing environments and handheld mobile devices.
Captured and coalesced global user and system metrics, trends, problems, and feedback to return as functional requirements to business and development partners for future Agile development stories.
Led the distribution, management, and integration of new devices and fulfillment processes for external and internal users through custom SenseAware application backend integration.
Technical Analyst 12.2011– 06.2013
Supported all phases of device and device application development, testing, and integration for SenseAware through general public release while advising management and associated global team members.
Supervised a team for system root cause analysis, troubleshooting, and data analysis to increase productivity and customer satisfaction while advising development, marketing, and management teams of statuses.
Redesigned Over-The-Air (OTA) software processing and system development utilizing servers and custom scripting tools for a >50% reduction in manual involvement and developed automated monitoring and troubleshooting tools for SenseAware IoT package tracking devices through design to general release.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN (B.S.) Bachelor of Science, Forestry, GIS/Remote Sensing 2003
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA Security+ ISC2 CC Agile Technical Product Owner QDM/Lean/ABLE Expert PMP

TECH BASED TALENTS & PROFICIENCIES:
SQL RDBMS Mobile Development Data Analysis Big Data Hadoop Automation Budgets Project & Product Management SDLC CI/CD AWS / Azure / GCP Cloud C#/.NET Java/JavaScript R Python Bash APIs Perl Salesforce / CRM ETL data warehouse Query optimization Power BI & PowerApps QMS IMS Agile Microsoft SQL Server Linux MySQL Computer Networking UX / UI McLeod TMS Oracle SQL Developer Software Troubleshooting Business Requirements Azure Git VMWare Jira

CERTIFIED SKILLS & TALENTS (From the Executive ADVanced Insights profile on 2.16.2024)
Problem & Situation Analysis Problem Solving Integrative Ability Theoretical Problem Solving
Following Directions Using Common Sense Following Directions Integrative Ability Flexibility
Seeing Potential Problems Realistic Goal Setting for Others Developing Others Freedom From Prejudices Understanding Motivational Needs Correcting Others Personal Accountability Servant Leadership

MAXIMIZERS / STRENGTHS (From the Executive ADVanced Insights profile on 2.16.2024)
Versatility in dealing with people, performance or systems equally Planning & organizing
Quick learning ability in a wide variety of business areas Stability, dependability Schematic thinking
Over-all good business & people management potential Understanding & communicating with others
Contact this candidate