BARBRA EDEN
MARKETING MANAGER
Nutley, NJ § ad83a4@r.postjobfree.com § 305-***-**** § www.linkedin.com/in/barbraedenmarketing
SUMMARY
CUSTOMER-FOCUSED § GROW BRAND MARKET SHARE § EXCEED REVENUE GOALS
Marketing Manager with 15+ years maximizing business performance, distribution, brand recognition, and product loyalty. Develop and implement successful brand and marketing strategies, tools, and methods to reach untapped markets and consistently exceed sales and profit growth. Sought by former clients and accounts. Foster and sustain internal and external relationships. Confidently lead business and category analysis,
marketing planning, presentations, promotions, and training. Manage portfolios through multiple channels including Mass, Drug, Dollar, Club, and Duty Free across CPG categories: Small Countertop Appliances, Spirits, Health and Beauty Aids, and Confections.
Bi-lingual (Fluent English/Spanish).

KEY COMPETENCIES
Brand and Product Management
Consumer and Market Insights
Creativity & Innovation
Strategic Marketing Plans
Entrepreneurial Mindset
Diversified Channels
Data Analysis and Application
Project Management
Product Launches
Presentation Skills
Microsoft Excel
IRI, Ad View
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MARKETING MANAGER § Contractor § Montclair, NJ § 2022−Present
Contract with businesses, including a startup information mining tech business, to develop tailored marketing strategies and plans to grow profitable partnerships. Create new revenue streams for these businesses including merchandise offering.
SR. MANAGER, RETAIL MARKETING § LG H&H and The Avon Company § New York, NY § July 2023−Oct 2023
Short-term assignment. Structured newly formed Retail Marketing team to drive existing Channel strategic plans. Recommended course correcting Channel strategy for existing brands and new brands coming to market from Headquarters.
Spearheaded analysis of Skin Care and Oral Care categories, identifying growth opportunities for Belif skincare and REACH POP Oral care brands, optimized Pitch Decks for presentations to Retail Accounts, resulting in increased distribution and market share.
Formulated and executed tailored trade programs for key accounts, achieving a 25% increase in sales within those channels and driving overall brand performance.
Collaborated cross-functionally with Sales and Marketing teams to execute strategic plans, resulting in increased brand visibility.
Implemented a unique methodology to analyze Shopper Journey at POS, identifying key brand underperformance factors and boosting sales by 20% at targeted retail partner.
Directed development and execution of a comprehensive retail channel strategy for both Online and Brick and Mortar outlets, including optimizing PDP (Product Display Pages).
MARKETING CONSULTANT § BME Marketing Strategy, Inc. § Houston, TX § 2020−2022
Grew small businesses by developing tailored marketing strategies and plans, driving sales and profit growth. Defined and set strategic target markets.
Increased product sales by 20%. Aggressively promoted entrepreneur in Health and Beauty Aids by developing marketing strategy and calendar including promotional events, online digital marketing, and quarterly plan milestones. Established metrics to monitor performance including Engagement rate, Conversion rate, Total Website Traffic, and Growth rates.
Increased book sales by 3x. Secured new market for established author through increased book distribution at Specialty bookstores, Amazon, and Barnes & Noble. Increased target audience reach by booking client on national radio broadcast.
Built sustainable partnerships between businesses with complementary products and goals to leverage target markets and increase market share.
PRODUCT SPECIALIST § KitchenAid § Miami, FL § 2014−2019
Delivered sales plans to key retail partners that exceeded sales targets for corporate partners and the KitchenAid Countertop Appliances portfolio.
Worked cross-functionally with Marketing, Operations, Finance to provide input on Volume and Product Mix.
Exceeded plan by +12% for KitchenAid countertop appliances. Consistently delivered sales targets, identified as increasing standards for ‘Best Practices’ in KitchenAid field sales.
Drove new product recognition by managing all in-store consumer-centric events to deliver brand awareness and trial-driving experiences.
Hired and trained demonstration personnel to correctly showcase products during demos to support new product launches at key retail accounts, in South Florida’s market, including Sur La Table, Williams-Sonoma, Bed Bath & Beyond and Macy’s.
Trained store-level sales and managerial staff on new product launches and core products to drive sales for retail partners and KitchenAid brand.
CATEGORY DEVELOPMENT MANAGER, PROJECT MANAGER § Diageo § Miami, FL § 2011−2012
Successfully executed two (2) concurrent leadership roles.
Category Development Manager and Category expert: led the category development agenda for the Americas region Duty Free Travel Retail Channel including range review process and SKU optimization across airport, cruise, inflight and border channels. Worked cross-functionally to meet set business objectives.
Built first Duty Free Spirits Outlet Mapping model for the Americas region. Identified and quantified each outlet (stores, kiosks), by volume and value, across every duty-free channel, including seaports.
Generated +11% uplift in total category sales within the first three months by developing and executing first liquor category layout solution in Latin American airport store.
Managed creative development with Agency on Record to deliver $90K in incremental Gift With Purchase sales for Air Canada’s anniversary program by reducing turnaround time from 60 to 30 days.
Secured premium share of shelf for Diageo products using detailed category analysis.
Contributed to P&L for our Brands.
Project Manager: created from concept to execution the Annual Duty-Free Trade Show of the America's forum for existing and potential customers to engage with Diageo Americas Commercial Sales and Marketing teams.
Oversaw $150K budget for coordination of the Annual Duty-Free Trade Show of the Americas.
Created evening launch event for 100+ special guests, including press circuit to debut new variants, JW Platinum and JW Gold Label Reserve, line extensions of Johnnie Walker, the #1 Liquor brand in Travel Retail.
ADJUNCT PROFESSOR § Essex County College § Newark, NJ § 2007−2010
Taught Entrepreneurship 101, Business 101, Marketing Principles.
CATEGORY MANAGER § L’Oréal USA, Inc./Softsheen-Carson, Inc. § Westfield, NJ § 2004−2007
Led Category development for Mass Channel National Accounts to gain Category Captain role. Recommended Optimal SKU mix by conducting frequent SKU rationalization.
Worked cross-functionally to meet set distribution targets of core products as well as new product launches.
Contributed to New Product development by providing consumer and in-depth category research that built business case to launch new items in Hair Color Category: Permanent/Semi-Permanent segments.
Designed an educational deck to address customers’ need to understand the profit potential of participating in the ethnic hair care market for presentation to new buyers at retail partners. Deck has subsequently been incorporated into over 50 account sales presentations.
EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration, Marketing § Rutgers Business School
Bachelor of Arts, Economics § Tufts University
Contact this candidate