TERRY TRAYLOR
***** ****** ***** *****
Spring, Texas 77379
Mobile: 346-***-****
ad83gy@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Over 30 years experience in residential and commercial construction. Strengths in coordinating projects and communicating with people at all levels.

CRE 8 Architect, Houston, Texas
Construction Administrator (2005-2019
Duties include observing construction activities, prep and distribution of field reports following project visits. Review and distribution of shop drawings/submittals, attend construction progress meetings. Quality control reviews of project design and construction documents.

CLR Architect, Houston, Texas
Construction Administrator (2001-2005
Coordinate all related work for projects with the Project Manager. This would include field observations, communication with contractors, and documentation of field visits.
Multi-million dollar projects consisted of educational and hi-rise buildings.
Extensive knowledge of the design and engineering issues involved in the documentation and construction of buildings with emphasis on education buildings.
Proficient in the ability to monitor and adhere to schedules and deadlines.
Responsible on overseeing multiple projects simultaneously.

Lehrer McGovern Bovis, Las Vegas, Nevada
Tower Superintendent – Venetian Resort & Casino (1998-2001)
Responsible for keeping a log on daily reports on all subs affiliated with the tower project. Scheduled framing and cover up inspection with county authorities and supervised scheduling of all trades during construction phases.
1.5 billion dollar project

McDevitt, Street, Bovis, Pasadena, Texas
Assistant Superintendent (1996-1998)
Responsible for organizing and coordinating all phases of hospital construction. Supervision of in house employees and also supervised scheduling of all trades during construction phase of multi-million dollar projects. Proven track record of bringing in on time and under budget.

TERRY TRAYLOR Page 2

Winborn, Inc., Houston, Texas
Project Superintendent (1994-1996)
Primarily involved in interior tenant build-out and working directly with the Property Managers and Tenants. Responsible for scheduling/over seeing all sub-contractors.

Gundle Lining Systems, Inc., Houston, Texas
Supervisor/Site Maintenance (1988-1993)
Responsible for maintaining multi-million dollar facility. Responsibilities included purchasing supplies, supervision of labor and scheduling.

Ed Taylor Construction, Altamonte Springs, Florida
Field Superintendent (1986-1988)
Supervised the completion of numerous commercial projects in the city of Orlando.

Acousti Engineering, Orlando, Florida
Field Superintendent (1984-1985)

Ray Shelton Associates, Inc., Houston, Texas
Field Superintendent (1984-1985)
Supervised in all phases of drywall construction. Experience in core and lease projects. Coordinated layout and construction of each project.

Commercial Drywall, Inc., Houston, Texas
Lead Foreman (1979-1984)
Drywall Construction – Commercial and residential construction. Core and lease projects, specialized in layout work and coordinating the different phases in drywall construction.

Winston C. Traylor, Beaver, Pennsylvania
Field Foreman (1974-1979)
Construction Company was owned and operated by my father for 35 years, whose interests were directed towards building residential custom homes, commercial buildings, and churches.

COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Word, Excel, Construct ware, and Microsoft outlook.

EDUCATION
Lincoln High School, Midland, Pennsylvania
U. S. Army/Corp of Engineers – Three year service.
Contact this candidate