Professional Summary-
• Over **+ years of experience as an IT Business Analyst and Project Manager.
• An innovative business professional with ability to develop creative solutions for complex problems
• Comprehensive knowledge and a practical exposure to Agile and Waterfall Methodology having thorough understanding of various phases like Requirements, Analysis/Design, Development and Testing.
• Extensive knowledge of standard SDLC methodologies, including RUP, Prototype and Spiral
• Proficient in Requirement Gathering Techniques ranging from Interviews, Questionnaires, Joint Application Design (JAD) sessions, Job Shadowing to Storyboarding and Prototyping.
• Strong experience with Scrum methodology and well versed in writing user stories.
• Experience with Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagrams such as Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, Data Flow Diagram, and Process Flow Diagram using Visio and Axure.
• Expertise in conducting GAP analysis, Current state vs Future state analysis, SWOT analysis, Risk analysis, Cost Benefit analysis and preparing training manuals
• Highly skilled in problem solving and decision making, leadership and interpersonal skills.
• Good understanding of both back-end and front-end development.
• Creating and maintaining project migration schedule with project documentation requirements.
• Worked on different RDBMS modern database like SQL Server, and MS Access.
• Worked on multiple projects involving number of impacted web services and e-commerce.
• Expertise in application development projects- .com space -- Worked with Business/Product owners to create road maps, processing reengineering to map existing processes to future state processes, user stories, acceptance criteria etc.
• Expertise in performing System, Acceptance, Regression, Integration and Functionality Testing.
• Conducted User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to ensure all the business requirements have been fulfilled by the application.
• Experienced in creating QA Test Strategy, QA Test Plan, QA Test Cases, QA Test Closure, Defect documentation, etc.

Project Management
• Project Management/Coordination – Initiation, Planning, Execution, Controlling and Closing
• Presentation Techniques
• Resource Management
• Used SDLC & Agile Methodologies
Analysis/Design
• Business analysis / Requirements Determination
• GAP analysis
• Rapid Application Development (RAD)
• Joint Application Design (JAD)
• Rational unified process (RUP)
• Cost/Benefit Analysis
Quality Assurance
• Test plans and test scripts development for User Acceptance testing (UAT)
• Defect tracking &management
• TFS/ ADO, Quality Center, Jira, Xray, ALM and testing frameworks.

PROFICIENCY WITH TECHNICAL TOOLS
Management & General: Microsoft Office Suite (Project, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Word), Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS), ServiceNow, Workday, Adobe Acrobat, Visio, Sciforma
Collaborative: Sciforma, SharePoint, WebEx (meetings), WebEx Teams, Lync/Skype for business, Google Docs, MS Office
Other Tools- Eclipse, Visual studio, SQL Server Management Studio & Mercury Quality Centre
Operating Systems: Windows

EDUCATION
2012 – 2014
2007 – 2011

Master’s degree, Computer Science and Engineering, JNTU Hyderabad.
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science and Engineering, JNTU Hyderabad.

CERTIFICATION
Certification in Project Management Foundation, December 2018 from PMI.
Certification in Adaptive Project Leadership, January 2019 from PMI.
Gained 24 study hours of PMI PMP in 2018.
Scrum Master Certification – 2021

Lead IT INC 10/2021-03/2024
Business Analyst
Minneapolis, MN
Worked in the Web and Mobile Department, Cost Transparency team as a Sr. Business Analyst. The product team is a cross disciplinary group responsible for delivering value through web, mobile, and other channels. As a BA I was responsible for partnering with product owners and preparing work for the product team. Worked in the Agile team practicing all scrum ceremonies. Carried significant responsibilities for product definition and team leadership, communication on our team was fast, constant, and happened through multiple channels, as a BA I gathered this information, analyzed, and produced documentation that the team could effectively use to develop digital capabilities.
Managed communication across departments to schedule and plan bi-weekly company all-hands meetings to ensure the team was bought into projects and the overall company mission
Communicating with stakeholders across the board, including customers, business managers, and the development team to make sure the goals are clear, and the vision is aligned with business objectives.
Ability to handle multiple projects, prioritize, delegate, and escalate appropriately.
Collaborate with Stakeholders & team in setting realistic and challenging operational goals and contribute to their accomplishment.
Created and prioritized the list of backlog items based on overall strategy and business objectives, made accessible and available to all stakeholders to ensure optimized performance and project outcomes.
Participate in the standup meetings on a regular basis to track the status of each activity. Map out project dependencies to inform the necessary sequence of development.
Worked with different relational database writing SQL queries, creating Tables/Views and generating reports through SQL queries to get the required data.
Hands on experience in generating the Health Claims reports using Power BI tool for data visualization.
Hands on experience in Web application development that involves JDE.
Good understanding of Xml, JSON, web services and API mapping.
Performing UAT requirement analysis, create and execute UAT scenarios for various CIM customer information Management projects.
Monitored and conducted exploratory testing across development unit testing, integration testing, and system testing also to help ensure an acceptable handoff for official UAT.
Worked with the Technical teams and Subject Matter Experts to refine the process flow, identify areas for improvement, and support the sprint. Spent a significant amount of time overseeing the actual development of the product.
Used Mercury Quality center 9.2, assisted in the QTP setup, and reviewed automation scripts with the Automation group for regression assurance of UAT criteria.
Submitted and participated in daily defect review meetings emphasis was to help reduce the quantity of defects not being defected prior to UAT
Acted as a primary communicator and link between stakeholders and teams, making sure there’s buy-in from stakeholders on all major strategy decisions, cleat instructions and deliverables for the developers.
Responsible for inspecting and evaluating product progress through each iteration and maximizing the value of the products created by a scrum development team.

State of MN (MNIT ) 09/2018 – 09/2021
Saint Paul, MN
Project Manager:
Leading a new program intended to create more structure around projects and processes within the IT space at MPCA. Enabling our group to more effectively respond to intake/demand and create better visibility into initiatives both planned and in-flight. Initiatives vary from new software development, software re-writes & enhancements, infrastructure upgrades, disaster recovery testing, data center moves, etc.
Responsibilities:
Managing intake/prioritization of projects proposed within the IT space, working with executives and senior leadership to create charter documentation, scope review, establishing resourcing needs and funding required.
Involved in all phases (Initiation, Planning, Design, Development, Testing, deployment and Operations Maintenance) of waterfall SDLC.
Ability to handle multiple projects with quality and consistency in the use of project planning, scheduling, scope and risk management, status reporting, change control, issues resolution and other project management controls and practices.
Project Planning & Scheduling- Prepares the project schedule and baseline of project timelines in Sciforma. Effectively develops the project planning using MS Word document.
Uses Sciforma for managing project schedules, risk logs, Mitigation plans and status reports.
Risk Management- Identifying and mitigating all open risks and issues that fall underneath assigned practice group areas. Maintained Risk log using Excel spreadsheet effectively.
Providing regular status updates on projects in discovery/planning as well as those in-flight, highlighting key risks/issues.
Setting up project plans and artifacts within respective systems used for collaboration/tracking work items (Sciforma, Gnat chats in MS project, MS SUITE, JIRA, MS outlook).
Planning team allocation by iteration and release, providing velocity estimates to leadership and business stakeholders.
Developing strong customer relationships with business stakeholders and ensuring technical work sufficiently supports business needs.
Developed change request document for the change control based on the changes in scope, schedule and cost.
Led the requirement gathering sessions by including cross functional teams and was instrumental in getting the approvals. Also, coordinated SIPOC sessions to identify the possible paths for agency wide standardization of monitoring programs that involves locations and GIS.
Facilitated work sessions and tracked status using Excel Spreadsheets. Created professional reports and dashboards with looking charts and visualization to present it to the project leadership.
Directed team with migrating applications during critical situations.
Facilitated and involved in group discussions on PMP with PM and BA team.
Create complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, field configurations, permission schemes and notification schemes in JIRA.

Management Responsibilities:
Evaluated project charters, working with executives, directors, and managers to gather requirements, procure project resources, define resource allocation, and obtain contract approvals.
Created and maintained key project documentation (program workflow, program & project plans, deployment plans, resource matrices, risk and issue logs, milestone tracking spreadsheets, etc.).
Maintained RAID log, Resource Matrices, Deployment plans and Staffing Budgeting plans using MS Excel Spreadsheet.
Facilitated project meetings (coordinating necessary resources, building agendas, taking notes, and assigning action items for phone & web-based meetings) using MS teams.
Assisted leadership in the project change request process, analyzing the changes impact to scope, budget, resources, and timelines.
Reviewed and evaluated vendor statements of work & contracts, addressing any concerns with leadership and/or finance as required.
Coordinated cutover (to new software, system, and network configuration as needed by project) with cross-departmental teams, end users, on-site managers, and vendors to ensure infrastructure changes were not impactful to production.
Created ‘hyper-care’ plans and mitigated post-cutover issues in a timely fashion.
Conducted ‘lessons learned’ sessions with project teams to document process improvements and avoid repeating issues.

Client: Prospect Health Group Sep2016- May2018
Location: California
Role: Project Manager/BA
PHG is a nonprofit health care provider organization that follows the HIPPA rules. IT department deals with various information about providers, patients and insurances. I worked in the provider online portal that deals with provider’s information.
Responsibilities:
As a project manager in the Prospect Health Group, I defined the role and CORE function, maximized budgets and infused user-centered design, best practices and truly accountable leadership into daily operations.
Managed the PHG HR roadmap including cross-program strategic planning, sequencing, and project life cycle execution, projects required extensive localization / translation management and organizational readiness.
Presented updates, insights, challenges, and risks to Senior Leadership governance boards.
Prepared schedule in Gantt charts by using MS project.
Identifying and implement process improvements to benefit the Program/Project Management team.
Leading internal and external project teams throughout lifecycle of project.
Transforming business requirements into specific actions and developing project plans.
Ensured on time and within budget completion of projects through proficient oversight of a team of technicians.
Managed project with responsibilities including scope definition, requirements gathering, resource scheduling, and project plan maintenance.
Worked with business stakeholders, direct and manage IT projects from beginning to end including scope definition, project and communication plans, scheduling, QA, training, deployment and post Go-Live support.
Systematized plans and oversaw desktop upgrades, security, and maintenance projects
Improved existing operations through system recommendations and procurement, maintained project budget.

Amica Insurance July 2015- Aug2016
Location: Rhode Island
Role: Business Analyst
Managed the large volume of Data Site Projects which varied from simple to complex, the project was focused on the analysis of business systems, products, and processes, with detailed requirements definition and system design. Identified solutions and alternatives where appropriate. Was a liaison between multiple business units and IT on a variety of projects with the primary responsibilities to elicit, analyze, validate, specify, verify and manage project stakeholder requirements.
Responsibilities:
Collaborated with business stake holders and customers to ensure proficient business requirements gathering and translation of technical requirements into functional documentation.
Delegated and ensured balanced distribution of tasks
Led, documented, and evaluated change management process on behalf of the business for application changes and updates.
Designed use cases and test cases for different parts of projects and streamlined quality assurance initiatives.
Measured project growth and feasibility through project risk analysis and gap analysis, maintained project financials within time and under budget.
Facilitate user acceptance testing to ensure that the systems meet the needs of the business
Formulated plans to gather & define business requirements while managing the risks to improve business processes and translating the requirements into systems solutions by preparing functional specifications.
Performed Manual testing during the UAT and developed the test results based on tests.
Submitted and participated in daily defect review meetings.
Emphasis was to help reduce the quantity of defects not being defected in Phases prior to UAT and help to establish regression automation.
Hired to provide technical expertise and managed delivery of applications to end users
Improved project delivery satisfaction in Amica Insurance by more than 25% in a 10-month period, in addition to enhancing standards, processes, and tools.
Driving issue resolution by engaging teammates and escalating to leadership as appropriate.
Founded and managed a group to identify and manage IT Roadmaps for next five years for all Amica member firms.
Analyzed existing functionality requests with the goal of making business-value based recommendations.
Assisted requirements walkthrough sessions with the implementation team to planning and estimation exercise.
Developed requirements best practices and internal requirements processes with the team.

Intelli group Asia Private Limited Nov 2012 - Dec 2014
Location: Hyderabad, India
Role: Business Analyst (Intern)
Responsibilities:
Involved in the complete SDLC software development life cycle of the application from requirement analysis to testing.
Assisted Project Manager in preparing project charter, scope statement, project management plan, vision document and requirements management plan.
Conducted structured interviews with users/stakeholders to identify the user needs and associated key features.
Identified, developed and maintained the business use cases and system use cases.
Managed traceability matrix across the critical project elements.
Developed various UML models like Use Case diagrams, Activity diagrams and Sequence diagrams using tools like MS Visio, Rational Software Modeler and Rational Software Architect.
Responsible for identifying and documenting business rules and creating detailed Use Cases.
Used MS-Visio to document current work flows using swim lanes, manual processes and end-to-end processing of system interactions.
Contact this candidate