Julian Navarro
**** ********* **.
Los Angeles CA. 90063
213-***-****
Email: ad836p@r.postjobfree.com
ELECTRICAL PROJECT MANAGER –May 2008 – 2021
DCU- SubContractor for the State of California Norwalk,CA.
Responsible for completing assigned electrical projects successfully. Worked on highly complex electrical projects and always strived to provide the highest standards of electrical construction for any size project. Involved in developing detailed schedules for projects, Conducting complex cost/benefit analysis and coming up with accurate proposals, estimates and quotations.Involved in the electrical design of lighting and power systems for construction projects.Working on high/low voltage, telecommunications, fire alarm, and security systems.Managing junior project engineers.Drawing up electrical calculations for a buildings energy, load, and voltage drop, etc.Managing all project-related correspondence and documents.Planning and organizing projects.Adjusting projects priorities based upon a customer’s changing needs, resource availability, and job requirements.Providing regular feedback on the operation concerns and issues to stakeholders and senior managers. Monitoring a project's budget by reviewing a project technicians’ job time and material costs. Carrying out staff performance appraisals.Ensuring that all Health & Safety processes and procedures are followed. Collecting data on low, medium and high voltage electrical systems. Preparing monthly costing reports.Showing clients around a building site and explaining electrical systems to them. Planning and scheduling resources to meet project goals.
PROJECT MANAGER ASSISTANT –January 2001–May 2008
TAVCOR ELECTRIC MONTEBELLO CA.
Monitoring a project's budget by reviewing a project technicians’ job time and material costs. Carrying out staff performance appraisals.Ensuring that all Health & Safety processes and procedures are followed. Collecting data on low, medium and high voltage electrical systems. Preparing monthly costing reports.Showing clients around a building site and explaining electrical systems to them. Planning and scheduling resources to meet project goals.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Contract compliance
Project administration
Construction administration
Project execution
Managing client relationships
and Managing technical staff
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
University California Santa Cruz Bachelor of Arts in Economics Sep.1991 June 1995
Los Angeles Trade Tech-Certified Journeyman Electrician Theory of Electricity
International Code Council-Building Inspector Certification
Contact this candidate