Jacob Tomassi - College Grad – Project Manager - ad836r@r.postjobfree.com

Key Skills:
Team Leadership, Organization, Project Management, Customer Service, Asset Management, Excel, Word, SCRUM, Typing, Scheduling, Troubleshooting,

Project Manager Zygobot, Winter Park, FL Sep 2023 – August, 2024
●Collaborated and directed team to accomplish objectives
●Held and facilitated regular daily “stand up” meetings. Oversaw project and team objectives. Troubleshooted zoom session errors.
●Can type at a speed of over 50 WPM
●Created and updated production documentation, schedules, and timelines in a rapid environment
●Worked with large data sets/tables in Excel. Kept digital inventory of all assets
●Kept clear and concise documentation/notes on project details, inventory, database lists and personnel
●Managed and blocked out team schedules. Resolved scheduling conflicts. (Go-to guy for scheduling and time management)
●Resolved scheduling, data and zoom/IT issues over the phone.
●Working knowledge of Python (Programming language)

UConn Student Union Worker University Of Connecticut, Storrs, CT November 2023 - April 2024
●Collaborated and coordinated with cooks, team members, administrators, and faculty
●Operated small and large ovens, dishwashers, vacuums. Lifted heavy boxes, swept floors, and kept inventory
●Cleaned workstation regularly and was responsible for closing often

Stew Leonard’s Team Member – Fish Department Stew Leonard’s, Norwalk, CT July 2019 - August 2019
●Assisted customers by recommending and directing them to the appropriate products. Organized and cleaned workstation regularly
●Demonstrated skill in weighing, identifying, cutting, scaling, storing, lifting, wrapping, and labeling fish in a fast-paced environment
●Collaborated with team members and senior cooks/fishmongers in the preparation of fish during rush hours and promotional events
●“Rule 1: The customer is always right. Rule 2: If the customer is wrong, refer to rule 1.”

Bachelor of Arts in Digital Media and Development
University of Connecticut January 2017 – December 2022
Contact this candidate