Emilee Hickert
ad838w@r.postjobfree.com
Brooklyn, NY
917-***-****
SUMMARY
I am an experienced digital advertising specialist with a decade-plus track record of executing successful online, mobile and social media advertising campaigns from inception to launch. I have extensive experience leading cross-functional teams (both in-house and outsourced) to build web pages and support display ads. A results-driven account manager and project manager. I excel in client-facing roles and working across teams to keep campaigns and projects on track. I am proficient in campaign optimization, KPI reports, and budgeting, as well as creating timelines, statements of work (SOWs) and third-party vendor contracts. My experience also includes digital consulting for new businesses and sales and customer experience support. Software/skills: Basecamp, Mantis, Trac. Familiar with Agile methodology, Salesforce, Smartsheet, Workfront, and most project management and ticketing software. DIGITAL ADVERTISING EXPERIENCE
WALMART CONNECT Hoboken, NJ Summer 2022
Account Manager
Contract role at advertising platform connecting advertisers with shoppers at the leading U.S. retailer. Managed search campaigns for TKTKT vendors in the leadup to the crucial holiday shopping season. Onboarded new vendors and new products and search services. CAFEMEDIA NYC May 2013–December 2014
Client Solutions Manager-Post Sale Project Manager Led digital project management for custom advertiser programs across three parenting-focused online media properties: CafeMom, theStir and MamasLatinas.com. Responsible for $1.5 million of custom accounts yearly, overseeing all custom elements from sale to launch, worked cross-functionally with design, development, operations and account management teams. Created timelines and creative briefs and led internal and external kick-off meetings, used internal tracking and ticket systems to produce campaigns on time and on budget. Responsible for sweepstakes fulfillment, curated user content, managed influencer programs and writers for advertorials and native ads.
INTERACTIVE ONE – formerly COMMUNITY CONNECT LLC June 2005—September 2010
Custom Campaign Project Manager January 2008 -September 2010 Produced and implemented custom sales programs for BlackPlanet and other pioneering, multiculturally oriented social networking and content sites, including MiGente and AsianAve under the Community Connect umbrella. Brought projects in on-time and on budget with quality standards using the Agile method, built strong relations with subcontractors and vendors to optimize cost savings and execute timely launches. Managed, approved and tracked campaign production budgets within defined margins up to $100K. Updated project scope and cost, implementing effective change management processes to keep projects on track.
Senior Account Manager June 2005 -January 2008
Responsible for all aspects of online advertising accounts post sign-off for display advertising clients and those advertising across networks.
Achieved 95% customer satisfaction rate, delivery and performance goals based on KPIs including click-through rate
(CTR), ROI, cost per acquisition (CPA) and cost per click (CPC) through DART. Client-facing role with daily interface via email, phone, online presentations, screen-share and in-person meetings. Cultivated deep knowledge of customer businesses and company objectives to secure renewals and upsell. LEFT COAST DIGITAL CONSULTING NYC September 2010-June 2018
Digital Marketing and Social Media Consultant
Developed social networking pages for new business and advised on posts and promotions. Consulted on and created product catalogs for new business and trade shows. Produced sales materials, led brainstorming sessions for new business branding: logo, taglines, personality, voice of brand.
SALES AND CUSTOMER CARE EXPERIENCE
AKRILLIUM CAPITAL on site at Total Merchant Services Piscataway, NJ February 2024 -Present Sales and New Client Coordinator
Screen new clients and collect necessary documents to qualify clients. Enter all notes into CRM L’OREAL Berkeley Heights, NJ Fall 2023
LeCare Social Media Specialist
Contract role for L’Oréal skin care brand.
Responded to customer posts and messages on social media. JOMASHOP Brooklyn, NY November 2017-July 2021
Customer Experience Manager
Oversaw customer requests for online luxury accessory retailer, managing customers across all social media sites. Enhanced sales volume through skilled, friendly and knowledgeable support to new and inactive customers. Increased repeat customer base by maintaining relationships with high-profile clients and effectively managing service issues.
Drove customer escalations to resolution by engaging directly with clients, skilled at troubleshooting and resolving customer experience issues regarding shipping claims, warranties, and back orders. Responsible for high call volumes and providing support via email, live chat, Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, and Instagram.
POINT OF SALE LLC Los Angeles: Northeast June 2015-December 2017 Sales Account Manager
Led Northeast region outside sales for TKTK company by closing new accounts and maintaining and up-selling current accounts in the scientific glass industry.
Maintained database tracking sales/new business pipeline and client calls, meetings, and contact information. Created sales materials and product lists, attended trade shows, contributed to bottom line. OTHER EXPERIENCE
Host
Self (formerly AIRBNB) July 2021 – Present
Advertise short-term rentals. Produced a neighborhood guide and mini transportation guide for guests. EDUCATION
University of California, Santa Cruz BA, Sociology Emilee Hickert ad838w@r.postjobfree.com 917-***-****
Contact this candidate