James E. Jenkins, Jr., PSPO®, PSM®
Alpharetta, GA Mobile 770-***-**** Email: ad83s3@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/jjenkins1

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
●Experienced Lead Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunication and transportation industries. Skilled in product backlog management, sprint planning, and project stakeholder communication. Strong project management and business analyst professional with Product Owner and Scrum Master certifications.
CERTIFICATIONS
●Professional Scrum with Kanban I (PSK I)
●Professional Scrum Product Owner (PSPO I)
●Professional Scrum Master I (PSM I)
●Six Sigma (6σ) Green Belt Certified Value-Train Consulting (http://www.value-train.com)
EDUCATION
●Master of Project Management
Keller Graduate School of DeVry University- Atlanta, GA
●Master of Business Administration
Keller Graduate School of DeVry University- Atlanta, GA
●BS Electrical Engineering Technology
South Carolina State University- Orangeburg, South Carolina
COMPUTER SKILLS
MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, SQL, MS Project, Visio, SDLC, MS SharePoint, Project Module (PRISM), WUP, ITUP, HP Quality Center, AGILE, SCRUM, JIRA, Kanban, Confluence, QuickBase, Rally, MS Team Foundation Server (TFS), JAMA, Logiforce, AzureDevOPS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Feb. 2024-Sep. 2024 UPS Healthcare Alpharetta, GA Lead Product Owner/Team Lead
●Led the product backlog reviews and prioritized tasks based on the strategic direction set by the UPS Cold Chain Transportation Leadership.
●Worked closely with the development team to clarify requirements and ensure they have a clear understanding of what needs to be done.
●Led sprint planning meetings to determine what work would be done in the upcoming sprint.
●Led sprint retrospective meetings at the end of each sprint to discuss what went well, what didn't, and how processes could be improved for the next sprint.
●Implemented and championed Agile best practices, resulting in continuous improvement in project delivery efficiency and a boost in team morale and collaboration.
●Maintained strong relationships with stakeholders, by regularly providing updates for UPS Cold Chain Transporation Roadmap initiatives.
Jun. 2022- Feb. 2024 UPS Healthcare Alpharetta, GA Lead Project Manager/Team Lead
●Led client implementation projects for the UPS Supply Chain Solutions healthcare division.
●Planned, organized, scheduled, coordinated, and tracked activities for developing, deploying, and upgrading software and hardware.
●Identified areas for process improvement and contributed to solutions.
●Identified project issues within established processes and procedures and recommended problem prevention.
●Facilitated removal of impediments and minimized disruptions, resulting in 25% faster delivery of releases.
●Planned, scheduled, and monitored work activities to meet budget, schedule, and quality targets and to comply with established standards.

Mar. 2019- Jun. 2022 UPS Healthcare Alpharetta, GA Sr. Project Manager/Team Lead
●Led client implementation projects for the UPS Supply Chain Solutions healthcare division.
●Responsible for leading the project requirements phase, application development, and testing, through code deployment. Managed project logistics, timeline, and deliverables for 8 to 12 projects with budgets up to 1MM.
●Interfaced with key internal and external clients. Documented and managed project issues, risks, action items, and dependencies.
●As an HC Govern Team Lead, my responsibilities training team members to Govern processes, and mentoring them regarding issues, escalations, and risk management. Monitored team performance, reported on metrics, and provided coaching as needed.
●Mentored, motivated, and supported project team members, fostering a collaborative and high-performance environment, leading to a 10% increase in team productivity and efficiency.
●Established, fostered, and maintained relationships with customers and stakeholders to maximize benefits and expedite solutions

Jun. 2018-Mar. 2019 CorTech LLC, Alpharetta, GA Project Manager
Client: UPS
●Led Interactive Communications deliverables to and from cross-functional teams and sponsors to secure sign-off and enable the next steps in the project lifecycle. Adjusted project plans and project timelines as needed to reflect approved changes.
●Documented and communicated status to the overall project team to ensure understanding of resolutions.
●Negotiated feasible solutions in a timely manner to accommodate project needs
●Experience managing multiple projects and Product Owners within a single scrum team

Jan. 2013-Sept 2017 ASAP Solutions LLC, Atlanta, GA Project Manager
Client: Cricket Wireless
●Served as PM on the IT Enablement Release Management Team.
●Worked on IT Governance initiative to institute audits for project and change management processes to ensure compliance with company standards. Utilized Cherwell ticketing system to confirm all proposed changes were completed per process.
●Led projects from the Requirements Phase through Code Deployment. Managed project logistics, timeline, and deliverables for 3 to 5 projects.
●Interfaced with key business clients and drove IT initiatives through the Software Delivery Lifecycle. Documented and managed project issues, risks, action items, and dependencies. Led project teams across the enterprise and other Vendors. Created project schedules and worked with architecture, development, and testing to ensure that project milestones and deliverables were met.
●Identified, logged, and managed key issues and risks for IT initiatives and worked with designated groups to mitigate risks.
Client: AT&T
●Served as IBM Track PM and ACSI Application PM at AT&T.
●Daily project management activities across multiple applications which included:
schedule development/tracking/progress reporting
issue/risk/jeopardy identification/tracking and resolution
budget management
resource allocation
ensure proper change management for all change requests that were approved by C.C.B
●Guidance through the iterations including prioritization of EPIC and User Stories.
●Management of status and artifacts in Rally and PRISM tools, preparation of daily Burn Down charts in Rally.
●Worked with internal project teams, offshore development/testing teams, and external vendors, IBM and Tech Mahindra by communicating expectations, providing feedback, and managing conflicts impacting the project.

Oct. 2012-Jan. 2013 Primus Atlanta, GA Project Manager (Contractor)
Client: Cox Communications
●Collected, analyzed, and summarized information on project phases, tasks, duration, project resources, and costs and revised as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements.
●Developed plans, work breakdown structures, schedules, financial forecasts, critical paths, and resource assignments for projects that were subject to Senior Management review and approval.
●Managed day-to-day operational activities and led cross-functional teams.
●Aligned business partners and resources both inside and outside of CS&UXD /Wireless to support program, process, and project success.
●Ensured adherence to defined process guidelines, required company procedures, and resource staffing allocations.

July 2012-Oct.2012 Kelly Mitchell Group Atlanta, GA Sr. Project Manager (Contractor)
Client: AT&T
●Had full accountability for managing concurrent high-complexity projects that may span multiple regions, functions, and business units.
●Responsible for detailed planning including project structure & staffing, estimating, resource allocation and assignment, detailed scheduling, and critical path analysis.
●Directed project activities utilizing the organization’s standard processes to ensure the timely delivery of assigned projects.
●Defined project scope and ensured changes to scope and/or deliverables were managed using the change control process.
●Acted as liaison with client and IT leadership, provided communication and status regarding the progress of the project.

Jan. 2011-March 2012 Cox Communications, Alpharetta, GA Sr. Wireless Business Analyst
●Served as a member of the COX IT Wireless Program Management Office.
●Performed research and fact-finding to determine business requirements and specifications for the development of end-user programs, operational procedures, and support systems.
●Created & implemented a Change Management Process for the Wireless Technology PMO.
●Used system process analysis tools & methods to analyze and document business processes/metrics.
●Produced reports, analyzed data, and developed business use cases.
●Worked with development teams to create functional design documentation, identified risks and benefits of alternate designs.
●Participated in software testing and debugging plans to ensure functionality and quality.
●Worked with testing teams to create detailed test plans and scripts based on functional requirements.

Aug. 2009-Dec. 2010 Primus Alpharetta, GA Defect Project Manager (Contractor)
Client: Cox Communications
●Served as a member of the COX IT Wireless Program Management Office, which was responsible for the successful launch of a mobile virtual network operating service. (MVNO)
●Managed onshore and offshore QA teams to ensure SLAs for Defect Resolution were met.
●Led and managed the defect management process in the pre-production environments for Wireless Technology. Drove defects and issues to a proper resolution within the established Service Level Agreements.
●Performed troubleshooting, root cause analysis, status, and escalation for resolving issues and defects found on the pre-production environments for the Wireless QA team.
●Validated, classified, and escalated testing defects identified by test analysts in a wireless test environment. Validated defect fixes or changes in the wireless test environment.
●Communicated the status of defect fixes to test analysts/end-users who reported them. Responsible for defect management process compliance and governance.
●Generated reports in real-time and communicated concisely with appropriate personnel. Utilized HP Quality Center and Remedy defect management systems to ensure defects and issues were resolved and analyzed results.

Jan. 2007-May 2009 BrightByte Consulting Alpharetta, GA Sr. PM/Business Analyst (Contractor)
Client: AT&T Mobility
Sr. Project Manager
●Served as Six Sigma Green Belt on the IT Scope Change Reduction in New Product Development (NPD) project. The project Goal was to decrease the number of Scope Change Requests submitted for New Product Development (NPD) projects from IT by 50% (estimated cost savings of $3MM).
● Responsible and accountable for one or more medium to large/complex project(s) using the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) methodology in a Matrix environment.
●During the SDLC ensured all projects adhered to AT&T Mobility’s ITUP process. Utilized Prism for tracking project financials and resource hours. Identified, logged, and managed issues and risks using Prism.
●Developed resource plans and project schedules utilizing MS Project, status reports, project plans, and other deliverables as the project required.
Business Analyst
●Managed communications and expectations of clients, sponsors, and end users by utilizing MS SharePoint and legacy Documentum applications.
●Conducted business analysis via JAD sessions, including gathering, analyzing, and documenting functional/business requirements and writing use cases, based on information-gathering sessions with clients/stakeholders/users and technical team members.
●Ensured traceability of Business Requirements to High-Level Design documents.
Contact this candidate