RESUME “PROJECT MANAGER / SENIOR ELECTRICAL
ENGINEER” with UAE & Oman Experience
MUHAMMAD ZUBAIR MASOOD
Email: ad84r7@r.postjobfree.com
Skype ID: engr.zubair786
Mobile: +968-********
Visa Status: Oman-Employment Visa.
Driving License: Have UAE & Oman Valid Driving Licenses. OBJECTIVE:
To actualize my potential by learning and working in a growth-oriented environment, to experience success by finding a challenging position, adding value by helping team members to succeed and contributing both my professional and personal inputs in the organizational development.
JOB SUMMARY:
Managing MEP engineering activities, review the project drawings & specification, auditing & approving the project BOQ's and shop drawings, material procurement, material submittals review, planning & monitoring MEP shop drawings preparation and issuance, design development, coordination study of MEP trades at early stage, issuance of MEP coordination & builders works drawings, coordination with the project parties & authorities, implementing the project quality plan, ensure that these are carried out within the overall framework of MEP's goals, values and procedures, and maintain site records.
Experience in carrying out the project electrical works execution from design stage to commissioning and delivery/hand-over.
Have vast experience of Construction industry, installation, commissioning & maintenance of Hospitals, High Rise Buildings, Schools, Villas, Warehouses, Residential
& Commercial complexes, Ports, Water Distribution Systems, Construction of Substations with overhead lines and Cables networks, Transformers etc including experience of HT & LV Electrical Systems, ELV Systems and MEP services.
Team Leadership & Ability to coordinate with other contractors, main contractor & consultant engineers and resolve issues of conflict in a tactful and professional manner.
Member of International Association of Engineers (IAENG), Hong Kong.
Approved Electrical Engineer from UAE Military & SEWA (Sharjah Electricity & Water Authority).
Expert in BMS, Telecommunication, SCADA and Cathodic Protection Systems (Steel Tanks and Pipeline
PERSONAL STRENGTHS:
Ability to handle complex multidisciplinary building services (M&E)/ Electrical projects from concept, Design, tendering and execution up to commissioning stage.
Ability to function independently within a team environment.
Ability to coordinate effectively with other disciplines for inter-disciplinary interaction.
Ability to co-ordinate with other agencies such as client, vendors and contractor as required.
Ability to adapt quickly to changes.
Ability to understand commercial aspects and highlight additional works/variations to superiors.
Ability to effectively handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Team Player and Excellent interpersonal and public relation skills.
Self-motivated, hardworking, and determined person.
Aggressive follow up skill.
EDUCATION:
· Bachelor of Electrical Engineering (Ist March-2002 – 31st March -2006)
· Diploma of Associate Engineer – Electrical Engineering. WORK EXPERIENCE:
1- Khatib & Alalmi Consultant & Engineers. Muscat - Oman. Projects Senior Engineer - Electrical.
23rd July, 2020 – Present.
Main Project: Reinforcement of Al Sharqiya Water Transmission System. (Client: NAMA)
Studied the Project Specifications, Tender drawings and BOQ.
Started approvals of Shop drawings & Material submittals of Contractor.
Reviews the MAS’s (MV, LV Cables, MV, LV Switchgears, VFD panels, Ring Main Units, Transformers 1000KVA, Lighting Fixtures, Lighting Poles, Wiring Accessories, Cathodic Protection Material for External Steel Tanks and Water Pipelines, MV & LV Motors, Pumps, Fire Alarm System, UPS System and CCTC & ACS System etc.) submitted by the Contractor and forwarded to Client for his review and approval.
Supervised of 33KV / 11KV Overhead lines, Cable Networks, Substations and MCC Stations.
Reviews and approved the Contractors Prequalification documents.
Reviews and approved the Shop Drawings, ITP, FAT Reports, MIR’s and IR’s.
Study of electrical plans and approve from the designer for the implementation.
Monitored installation and operations to consistently meet rigorous Client requirements.
Continually improved methods and procedures on site.
Study technical drawings and ensure that site installations are being done as per standards and method statement issued by client.
To monitor site activities like Installation & Commissioning of MV, LV Switchgear
& panels, MV & LT cables, RMU, Transformers and all distribution boards.
To monitor electrical services execution work at residential and office areas, in coordination with other departments like BMS, Mechanical, Civil & Finishing.
To coordinate and attend weekly joint meeting with client and Contractor and discuss whether work is progressing as per their milestones or not.
Develop or implement programs to improve sustainability or reduce the environmental impacts of engineering.
Testing & commissioning for the control system of the water stations.
Having experience of RFQ documents, Procurement, Bidding documents, evaluation of bids, prepare bid-winning proposals, letter of intent/purchase orders, identify inefficiencies in the supply chain, organize meetings with bidders and other related parties to negotiate with potentially successful bidders to obtain the best cost options.
2- Khatib & Alalmi Consultant & Engineers and Royal Haskoningdhv – JV, Muscat - Oman. Projects Engineer Electrical.
31st January, 2017 to 22nd July, 2020
Main Project: Construction of Roads, Infrastructure & Buildings for the Commercial Terminal
& Operational Zone Areas, Port of Duqm – Oman. (Client: SEZAD)
Confer with engineers, customers, and others to discuss existing or potential engineering projects and products.
Design, implement, maintain, and improve electrical instruments, equipment, facilities, components, products, and systems for commercial, industrial, and domestic purposes.
Direct and coordinate manufacturing, construction, installation, maintenance, support, documentation, and testing activities to ensure compliance with specifications, codes, and customer requirements.
Perform detailed calculations to compute and establish manufacturing, construction, and installation standards and specifications.
Inspected completed installations and observe operations, to ensure conformance to design and equipment specifications and compliance with operational and safety standards.
Provide technical support and guidance to project team including addressing design changes request and non-conformance reports (NCR).
Reply the Contractor RFI’s in time.
Checked the Technical Submittals, Shop Drawings submitted by the Contractor.
Plan and implement research methodology and procedures to apply principles of electrical theory to engineering projects.
Prepared specifications for purchase of materials and equipment.
Supervised and train project team members as necessary.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks, participating in professional societies.
Review and coordinate technical documents, including drawings, specifications and reports to ensure accuracy and compliance with project requirements.
Supervised the work of Laying of HDPE Pipe in concrete ducting for MV, LV & TELOM- DATA ducting, Laying of 66KV, 11KV, Cables, LV & Fiber Optic Cables, Installation of 66KV, 33KV & 11KV Transformers, RMU & Switchgear, 11KV Cranes Systems, MDB’s, SMDB’s, Gen Sets, ATS Panels, MCC Panels, High Mast with automation system & Street Lightings with LED and Photo Cell System, Earthing & Lightning Protection of Buildings & Crane rail, Internal wiring for Lights, Power.
Design and integrate ELV Systems, including Fire Alarm System (FA) Public address and voice alarm systems (PAVA), Telephone and intercom system with installation of exchange.
Reviewed shop drawings, material submittals and supervised the installation of Traffic Management System for Daqum Port.
Supervised and ensure adherence to QA/QC and HSE policies to ensure quality and guarantee safe& healthy workplace.
Supervised the Power System for Reefer Gantry, CGC & STS Cranes.
Supervised the SCADA & BMS Systems for the project.
Supervision experience in installation, testing and commissioning of Water Pumps and Submersible Pumps using in Potable Water System, Lift Stations, Oil Water Separators up to 500KW.
Supervised 33KV / 11KV Overhead Lines and Cables networks.
Supervised the construction of 33KV Grid Stations and 11KV 28 Nos. Sub Stations and 2Nos. MV Crane Switch Stations at this project. 3- Anhui Arabest General Contracting L.L.C, Dubai - UAE. MEP Manager.
14thJanuary, 2014 – 15th January 2017.
Main Projects: Construction of 200 Bed Hospital and Golden City Housing Complex Basra - Iraq. DWC Project, 306 Villas of Sheikh ZayedPrograme, Ajman & 48 Warehouses, Jabel Ali Dubai – UAE.
Supervising of all MEP activities of all running projects.
Manage staff, preparing work schedules and assigning specific jobs to Project Engineers.
Review financial statements, activity reports and other performance data to measure productivity and goal achievement of the projects and to determine areas needing cost reduction and program improvement.
Monitor projects to ensure that they efficiently and effectively provide needed services while staying within budgetary limits.
Establish new, and maintain existing, long-term relationships with Customers & Clients
Planning & Negotiation of material procurement with different agencies.
Coordination with suppliers, sub-contractors, consultants, and clients.
Overall planning, deployment, and coordination of manpower, including the recommendation of Project team members (PM, PE, etc.) when new projects are secured.
Constraints by Meetings Contractual Obligations in accordance with Company Policy.
Implement Quality Management System for all Electro-Mechanical Systems.
Site coordination with all concern parties.
Implement adequate Safety Measures.
Implementing Site Program of Work.
Sign all correspondences and Memos.
Sign all Technical Submittals.
Preparation and Submission of all Progress Reports. 4- Power Equipment Team For Structural, Mechanical & Electrical Works, Mussafah, Abu Dhabi – UAE.
25th December, 2011 – 31st December, 2013.
Project Manager Electrical.
Main Projects:Construction of (3 Basement & G+8 Tower) Mussafah, 6 Nos. Villa Project at Al Shamkha – Abu Dhabi & Electrical Maintenance work of Future International Academy & Al Rehan Towers near Abu Dhabi Supports Complex.
Experience in working multi-cultural environment and closely interacting with client representatives and other discipline engineers.
Review Daily Progress Reports. Review & approve Equipment Technical Specifications and Electrical Data Sheets.
Ensure the contract / project related documentation is maintained and/or transmitted to the Customer at the site.
Was put to perform detail engineering activities like preparation of data sheets / specifications / material requisitions / technical bid.
Monitor Construction progress.
Checking the plans, drawings and quantities for accuracy of calculations.
Ensuring all materials used and work performed are as per specifications.
Overseeing the selection and requisition of materials and plant.
Agreeing a price for materials, and making cost-effective solutions and proposals for the intended projects.
Managing, monitoring and interpreting the contract design documents supplied by the Client / Consultant.
Liaising with any consultants, sub-contractors, supervisors, planners, quantity surveyors and the general workforce involved in the project.
Liaise with statutory authorities and community groups for project approvals.
Liaising with clients and their representatives (architects, engineers and surveyors), including attending regular meetings to keep them informed of progress.
Day-to-day management of the site, including supervising and monitoring the site labor force and the work of any subcontractors.
Planning the work and efficiently organizing the plant and site facilities in order to meet agreed deadlines.
Overseeing quality control, health and safety matters on site.
Experienced with 400/230V and below power electrical equipment: (switchgear, MCC, transformers, VFDs, etc.) and calculations: Conduit Fill, Cable Tray Fill, Voltage Drop/short circuit, Transformer Sizing, Feeder/Conductor Sizing, load schedules, lighting
(LUX) levels, Overcurrent Protection Device sizing, Motor controls, lighting controls, Lightning Protection/Grounding, Fire alarm/Public Address systems, etc. 5- Abu Dhabi Steel Building Systems, Mussafah, Abu Dhabi – UAE. 5th November 2009 – 15th December 2011.
Senior Electrical Engineer.
Main Projects: Construction of Hosing Complex of National Drilling Corporation (NDC), Habshan
– Abu Dhabi, Construction of Stores for UAE Military at Zayed Military City, Raffadah&Saffran – Abu Dhabi, Construction of ETISALAT Stores at Aweer - Dubai &Sajja – Sharjah & Labor Accommodation, Hameem – Abu Dhabi, Restaurant at Palm Sports & Resort, Al Ain. Responsibilities:
Make the required design changes in project design based on site conditions, dynamically adjust designs and obtain the client approvals.
Design the Containment Drawings, Emergency Lighting system, load calculations as per the consultant & client requirements.
Take the quantity of all Electrical materials as per the drawings and arranging necessary manpower and materials as per site requirements.
Preparation of cabling schedule from the single line and schematic diagrams and Load schedule preparing as per the drawing and submit to the consultant & client.
Planning for the material indenting procurement and delivery programs based on lead time required for various items and assuring the delivery in line with the electrical execution program.
Execution of all Electrical and ELV works (Emergency Lighting System, Lighting Control Panel system, Telephone & Data System, CCTV, SMATV, Door Access Control System and Fire Alarm System, Earthing& Lightning System) works as per the site condition.
Installation of MV Panels, Transformers, Generators, LV Panels, MCC Panels, UPS Panels, Capacitor Bank Panels, MDB’s, SMDB’s, Fire Alarm Panels and its accessories, All type of DB’s & their cabling connection, Cable Tray, Lightning Protection, trunking and Light Fittings.
Attend the Client meeting and organizing the weekly meeting with in project team.
Obtaining drawing approval from the Client and arranging Inspection for all installation works.
Close monitoring of work in site & progress. Controlling of manpower and material wastage.
Directing all technical Staff, Skilled Technician & Electricians force on day-to-day activities and Execution of Works with safety Man Hours.
Testing & Commissioning of all Electrical Panels and report submitted to the Client.
Organize training for client staff to operate and maintain the installed systems.
Maintained effective working relationships with field crews, contractors, vendors, outside agencies, the public and City staff.
Investigated problems and recommend solutions for increasing productivity.
Get the approval of all electrical samples, shop drawings from consultant & client.
Analysis of quotation & negotiation with vendors for pricing & quality & ensuring that all the materials are placed on time.
Supervision of all the project activities and ensuring timely completion of the projects.
Preparing Estimates for new coming Projects.
Tendering new projects, Negotiate projects prices with consultant & Client.
Ensuring the compliance with safety requirements during the projects all phases.
Liaise with the Government bodies to get N.O.C's.
Familiar with ADCC, DEWA & SEWA rules & regulations.
Get the approval of Drawings, Load Schedule & LDN for new projects from ADDC & SEWA.
Worked as Project In charge of Electrical Maintenance works of Restaurant at Palm Sports & Resort, Al Ain.
6- International Hospitals Construction Company (Saudi German Hospitals Group) KSA / Dubai – UAE.
5th July 2008 – 31st October 2009.
Electrical Engineer.
Main Project: Construction of Saudi German Hospital Al Bursha – 3, Dubai.
Worked as Head Electrical Section with team of 1 Assistant Engineer, 2 Supervisor and 50 Electricians.
Monitored and controlled the day to day activities of electrical installations.
Worked with the specifications, standards and relevant local authority regulations / requirements.
Supervision of Electrical Construction Works including Installation of PVC/Steel Conduits, Cable Trays, Laying of MV/LV Cables up to 33KV on Trays / underground and wires in conduits for light circuits & Power circuits. Street Lights, Fixing of indoor, outdoor Lighting Fixtures, etc.
Preparation of BOQ, Load Schedule and Installation of MV Panels, Transformers, LV Panels, SMDB’S, DB’S according to DEWA requirements.
Supervised installation of MDB’s, SMDB’s, DB’s, LV panels, Transformers, RMU & Generator.
Execution of all Electrical and ELV works (Emergency Lighting System, Lighting Control Panel system, Telephone & Data System, CCTV, SMATV, Door Access Control System and Fire Alarm System, Nursing Call System) works as per the site condition.
Supervision of Electrical Construction of 03 Housing Blocks (A, B & C) G + 14 Stories Buildings.
Preparation of Shop Drawings with coordination of all Engineers of other disciplines.
Site survey for data retrieval. Load calculations, Cable sizing calculations, voltage drop calculations and other electrical calculations.
Earthing& Lightening system of Hospital and Housing Complex.
Familiar with hazardous area classifications and layout.
Preparation of material requisitions for electrical equipment such as medium voltage/low voltage switchgears, transformers, cables, etc.
Experience in tender bid documents review and proposal preparation for electrical system.
Investigate problems and recommend solutions.
Ensure compliance with safety requirements and standards procedures.
Prepare requests for proposals and evaluate bids.
Familiar with DEWA rules & Regulations.
Get the approval of Load Schedule of Saudi German Hospital from DEWA. 7- Kundian Chemical Industries (Construction & Maintenance Group), Mianwali – Pakistan.
Ist May, 2006 – 30th June,2008.
Technical Officer Electrical.
Main Projects: Construction of STP Project, X-Lab Project ( Internal & External Electrification of Admin Buildings, Technical Buildings, MV / LV Sub Stations, Construction of Annealing Shop, Extrusion Shop, Pickling Shop, Forging Shop, Tube Making Shop, Material Testing Shop, Mosque, Security offices, Receptions, Cafeteria, & Ware House, Street & Road Lights of projects. Housing Complex for STP & X-Lab Projects.
Completing timely and accurate data entry into the maintenance management systems.
Repair, carry out installation and maintenance of the electrical infrastructure to equipment and buildings.
Responsible for the repair, maintenance and repair of fire alarm systems, power generation and disruption systems, and uninterrupted power supplies, Street Lights, Boundary Wall Security Lights, Ware Houses & Housing Complex.
Prepare electrical cost, time and resource requirement estimates on assigned projects.
Identify and review new technologies development which may provide more efficient and cost effective solutions.
Manage design change within project budget and schedule framework.
Prepare electrical progress and expenditure reports on a project specific basis.
Manage project discipline resource requirements.
Specifications and data sheets for electrical equipment. COMPUTER PROFICIENCY:
Excellent computer skills with MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access and also familiar with Auto CAD. LANGUAGES KNOWN:
To speak - English, Urdu…
To write - English, Urdu…
To read - English, Urdu...
TRAININGS:
Certification of Repair & Maintenance of Submersible Pumps from Subtain Brothers Karachi - Pakistan.
Certification of Electrical equipment Fault Analysis and Application of Protective Devices from Institute of Engineering and Technological Training (NFC) Multan - (Pakistan).
Nuclear Orientation course with 78% marks from Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences, Islamabad (Pakistan).
PERSONAL DATA
Passport No : AW0874002
Nationality : Pakistani.
Marital Status : Married.
Religion : Islam – Sunni.
I HOPE TO JOIN YOUR SUCCESSFUL TEAM …
Contact this candidate