Heather K. Gonzalez
Englewood, Colorado 646-***-****
ad84jh@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn hrgcreative.com CAREER SUMMARY
Design Project Manager for Consumer Goods Industry, with 15 plus years experience developing and managing creative packaging, marketing and design projects. Highly organized, strategic, adaptive, collaborative leader with excellence in external and internal partner communication. Thrives in a fast-paced Design Operations environment. Highly developed interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams for consistent improvement. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
● Project Management with deep understanding
of design operations and print production
processes, print ready file prep, proofing, print
processes like offset, flexo, digital and gravure
● Partnering with internal and external vendors
and partner agencies
● Adobe Creative Suite, Illustrator Expert
● Budget Management
● Coordinating teams for Brand
Development from concept to completion,
including Brainstorming, Trend Forecasting,
Logo Brand Mark Development, Package
Design, Exploration and Development,
Digital Assets and Campaign Creation
● Problem solving keeping projects on time and
on budget
● Adaptive to new systems, best practices and
processes, defined approaches and learn now
ones
● Mastery of design principles, including
typography, layout and color theory
● Art direction and Content Creation
● Packaging production processes/
terminology
● Attention to detail and time management with
high volume and hitting priorities
● Extensive Proofing and Color Matching
● Partnering Translation Services
● Experience working with SGS/SGK
● Extensive experience working with approved
artwork in dielines, creating mockupa
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Brandville, Various Contract work Remote, April 2024 - present CREATIVE and DESIGN PROJECT MANAGER
Contract design work with various clients for consumer goods package design and e-commerce branding. Clients include Kinesys Pro Sport Elite Athlete Products, Summa Franchise development of logo and brands of restaurants, food products (Hot Sauce and Seasonings).
● Managed projects, overlapping timelines and estimates, budgets for design scope from concept to completion with collaboration and partnership with vendors and third parties, agencies and cross functional teams. Coordinated sourcing and workflows for Design and Production.
● Built and Maintained relationships, network of key agency partners
● Led discovery meeting to establish clear project kick-offs for clear communication on packaging artwork requirements, including working with dielines, net contents, regulatory and warning texts, color and printing methods, uniform packaging laws and regulations. Sprouts Farmers Market, Private Label Contract, Remote April 2022 - present DESIGN PROJECT MANAGER
● Coordinated workflow for Design and Production. (health, wellness & beauty and new product development) Ensured packaging designs accurately represented the company's brand.
● Collaborated with Marketing and Brand Teams on core brand product lines and digital and print assets, presentation posters, in store signage, Event T Shirts promos and Event displays. 1
● Tracked & Managed distribution of high-quality graphics, with specific Regulations on pack for print and packaging. Using industry standard software Adobe Illustrator (and CC suite), ensuring accuracy, consistency, and adherence to brand standards.
● Partnered with state level production facilities for packaging capabilities. Aligned with Compliance Departments to review and manage digital and physical proofs, and establish high standards for finished products.
● Presented trend forecasting. Stayed on top of color, font and packaging forecasting. Shared research on advancements in industry standard resources to for better efficiencies in processes.
● Demonstrated strong organization of projects with overlapping timelines, delivering on quality finished design over many SKUs.
Temescal Wellness, Medical Cannabis Company, Remote 2017 - 2022 BRAND DESIGN MANAGER / PROJECT MANAGER
● Partnered with Product and Marketing Teams to implement and adhere to brand guidelines, product messaging, and design objectives
● Maintained a well-organized and efficient workflow, meeting deadlines effectively.
● Managed deadline driven complex scheduling of overlapping projects and presented designs to the final approval stage. Finalized high quality deliverables with third party production houses and printer
● Managed and Translated brand style guide implementation plan for new business vision, with multiple dispensaries and products that would be sold in each dispensary.
● Led creation of brand identity style guide, to enable consistency with branding, digital campaigns, website, email marketing, signage, collateral, In-store graphics, structures and packaging.
● Directed Color Management and Structures for regulation child safe packaging with third party vendors for jars, aluminum pouches, vape pens, outer cartons, edibles with shapes, transdermal pads, labels, new forms
● Collaborated with regulatory, vendors and printers to ensure accurate production and timely delivery of packaging and other printed materials like promos, brochures, swag and signage
● Built phase plan to build in-house creative by training junior creative and sourcing staff in package design and industry standard processes. Implemented regulations in 4 states. Scott's Liquid Gold and Neoteric Cosmetics, Inc, Denver, CO August 2015 – May 2017 CREATIVE DIRECTOR
● Directed brand restages, for wood cleaning products, Neoteric Cosmetics (Skincare, Dry Shampoos, FaceMasks). By updating the packaging to be aspirational compared to competition in both industries, I
● Partnered with agencies, through testing and discovery,
● Established processes for design workflow, in-house brand refresh stages, color management on pack, finalization of logo and package, high quality finishes and execution, digital campaigns, social strategy and retouching and photo direction
● Managed Press Checks for Over 50 SKUS. Established standards for quality control and color matching, finishing across various different materials, colorants, direct print labels and cartons. MSU Metropolitan State University
ADJUNCT GRAPHIC DESIGN PROFESSOR Denver, CO August 2013 - May 2014
● Instructed Design Media curriculum for Fall 2013 semester. This class was a 3 hour biweekly prerequisite for Design majors that encompassed, Design theory, Design History, Animation, Adobe Creative Suite software instruction, coding, web design, with active collaborative critiques with formal in-class critiques.
Avon Products Inc, New York, New York August 2009 – May 2012 GLOBAL PACKAGE DESIGN MANAGER, COSMETICS
● Led creative team of 4-6 package designers to collaborate closely with innovation, marketing, R&D, engineering and leadership for creative work on over 15 sub-brands, each with 5 - 25 skus.
● Vetted 3rd parties for Collaboration with Industrial Design with New Forms and from ideation to finalization and finishing. Updated structures and shapes for mascaras, compacts, 2
lipsticks, lip gloss, bronzer, blush and eyeshadow forms and trays, lipstick forms. Created designed closures with and without magnets
● Promoted Staff and Developed Talent through internal mentoring, scheduled learning, presentation coaching and educational events,
● Oversaw digital asset management platform to leverage templates, ensure consistency
● Drove global artwork consistency and design content accuracy within brand guidelines, while effectively managing details and proofing artwork. KAO Brands, John Frieda & Jergens, Stamford CT August 2009 – May 2003 SENIOR PACKAGE DESIGNER
● Developed logo and Brand Identity for Radiant Red brand. Rebranded and created line extensions for brilliant brunette, sheer blonde line of products and stylers. Designed sampling and went on press runs for quality in color. Created Jergens self tanner designs and campaigns.
● Developed team training/sharing for further uplevel team skills in strong understanding of design principles, including typography, layout, and color theory UNILEVER Cosmetics European Fragrances, New Jersey August 2003 – May 2001 PACKAGE DESIGNER
● Created Seasonal looks for Packaging and Specialty Gift Sets for BCBG Girls, Vera Wang, Calvin Klein fragrances, Valentino, Cerruti, Chloe EDUCATION
Bachelor of Fine Arts, Art and Design Major, Art History Minor Alfred State University New York School of Art and Design, Alfred New York Graduate Coursework, Marketing and Printmaking
Cornell University Johnson School of Management, and School of Art, Ithaca, New York 3
Contact this candidate