Email: ad84yb@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 626-***-****

Education
California State Long Beach, Long Beach, CA
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) Healthcare Administration, June 2016
PROFFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:
UCLA Health - Project Management Associate
April 2021-Present
Provided tactical leadership and training to over 260+ ambulatory clinics in terms of cost, scope risk, and execution framework.
Performed internal audits across ambulatory clinics by developing risk assessment and conducting walkthrough for compliance.
Project management support for initiatives related to patient satisfaction data and Quality Data Management Database.
Deploy charge management and improvements in member access, retention and satisfaction.
Analyze large database and provide narratives to C-suite executives.
Employment Service Manager – Amity Foundation
September 2019 – March 2021
Delivered job placement services to individuals receiving temporary assistance for local department services.
Developed and implemented project roadmaps and milestones, led key stakeholder engagement and accountability, and communicated project status with relevant stakeholders.
Conducted weekly employment readiness training and weekly case reviews with management.
Generated over 20k in monthly revenues for placement services.
Technical Recruiter – Cybercoders
February 2018 - August 2019
Developed and implemented effective recruiting strategies in order to attract, screen, recruit, and select high quality candidates.
Conducted in-depth interviews with candidates both in-house and by telephone to determine skills, knowledge, interest, market value, and availability.
Detailed sequence of work to be performed through project completion, identified possible timeline conflicts or issues with the project’s critical path.
Collaborated with hiring managers and staff members to coordinate starting dates and orientation.
Customer Pickup Coordinator - FedEx Ground
October 2012 - September 2017
Built relationships with the client team to quickly understand requirements and business objectives. Advised client stakeholders at their request on key resource changes to jumpstart project pace and ensure timely completion.
Deliver on-time, on-budget, highest-quality projects and create referral-generating clients and happy design partners, develop lasting trust-based relationships with clients, architects, engineers, and subcontractors
Utilized Quality Driven Management practices to generate cost savings, revenue growth and improve customer experience.
Contact this candidate