Summary
Skills
Experience
ALYSSA MACIEL
Mesquite, TX 75149
469-***-****
ad84re@r.postjobfree.com
WWW: Bold Profile
High-achieving management professional possessing excellent communication, organizational, and analytical capabilities. Devises innovative solutions to resolve business and technology challenges. Eager to advance business goals through careful team management Hands-on Project Manager recognized for flawless execution and finding solutions to complex problems. Communicative and reliable professional polished in developing scopes and objectives and maintaining comprehensive project documentation. Commended for unexcelled record of completing critical projects on schedule and within budget.
Project Management
Strategic Planning
Project Development
Compliance Monitoring
February 2019
to
January 2024
MACIEL CONSTRUCTION MESQUITE, TX
PROJECT MANAGER
Created and implemented processes to ensure successful completion of projects. Implemented effective communication protocols between internal teams working on different aspects of a given project.
Created project status presentations for delivery to customers or project personnel. Managed contracts with vendors and suppliers by assigning tasks and communicating expected deliverables.
Built and established strong partnerships with teams, vendors and contractors. Created team objectives and roles with specific goals outlined for each individual. Modified project plans when needed to better align with organizational objectives. Submitted project deliverables to clients, consistently adhering to quality standards. Generated and tracked change orders and other contractual modifications affecting budget and schedule.
Submitted budget estimates, progress reports and cost tracking reports. Planned and completed group projects, working smoothly with others. Promoted high customer satisfaction by resolving problems with knowledgeable and friendly service.
Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
May 2017
to
March 2020
EXCEL COOLING Garland, TX
Sales Representative
Dealt with customer queries both in person and over the phone, providing accurate advice.
Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day. Maintained an up-to-date knowledge of company products, pricing policies and promotions.
Education and Training
Languages
Scheduled and confirmed appointments.
Processed payments using a cash register, credit card machine or other electronic payment system.
Maintained business office inventory and equipment by checking stock for needed supplies.
Investigated and analyzed client complaints to identify and resolve issues. Developed relationships with existing customers to encourage repeat business opportunities.
Updated customer contact details on the database ensuring accuracy at all times. Greeted customers and provided them with information regarding the products and services.
Processed payments and updated accounts to reflect balance changes. Greeted visitors, assessed needs and directed to appropriate personnel. Prepared, compiled and filed documents as well as reports presented to various parties.
Drafted professional business communication and answered phone calls and emails.
Managed incoming emails, faxes and post related to sales enquiries. Maintained financial records to verify timely clearance of credit and debit activities. July 2014
to
April 2017
Patient Placement Garland, TX
Receptionist
Prepared daily shift close reports and balanced cash register to accurately reflect transactions.
Protected clients' rights by maintaining confidentiality of personal and financial information.
Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.
Transcribed tapes and notes from meetings into prescribed formats. Updated customer information in databases regularly to ensure accuracy of records. Provided excellent customer service by responding quickly to inquiries via phone or email in a professional manner.
Operated telephone switchboard to answer, screen and forward calls to appropriate personnel.
Input customer data into reservation systems and updated to reflect room changes. Answered incoming calls, redirected callers to the appropriate personnel or department and took messages as needed.
Assisted with scheduling appointments for clients and visitors. May 2009 Skyline High School Dallas, TX
High School Diploma
May 2015 Eastfield College Mesquite, TX
Associate of Business Administration
English:
Full Professional
Spanish:
Full Professional
Contact this candidate