Douglas Howard
740-***-**** ad84gn@r.postjobfree.com Heath, OH 43056
SUMMARY
I am looking for a career and position which I can retire from. My advantages as an employee is I'm a seasoned professional with exceptional leadership and project management skills. Ability to remain calm during hectic or emergency situations. Very competent in a team environment and with employee oversight. My strengths in developing scopes and checking field activities while updating clients have allowed me to succeed in my work rapidly.
Very dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet company goals. To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and phenomenal problem solving skills. SKILLS
Excellent communication skills
Supervising experience
Construction management
Project planning
Construction estimating
Project management
Marketing
Leadership skills
Critical thinking
Problem solving
EXPERIENCE
Construction Manager, Aquatic Creations Of Ohio, July 2021-Current Gahanna, OH
Manage employee and report directly to the company owners. Assisted in organizing and overseeing assignments to drive operational excellence. Oversaw employee attendance record, handled ordered new materials for sites. Concrete Foreman, Ronk Construction "Concrete Contracting Services", April 2021-July 2021 Westerville, OH
In charge of completing projects by managing the correct personnal for each specific task. Operated equipment such as skid loaders, dump truck safely to efficiently complete site work. Demolished and repaired old concrete and install new concrete. Construction Foreman, Aquatic Creations Of Ohio, December 2020-April 2021 Gahanna, OH
Supervised field crew to maximize work efficiency and quality. Inspected work for compliance with applicable regulations and job specifications. Operated heavy equipment, tools and machinery.
Handled issues with relative ease by implementing best practices and applying critical thinking skills to find best solutions.
Owner, Ledge Rock Concrete, May 2017-December 2020 Johnstown, OH
Hired and oversaw employees and subcontractors to meet project need . Developed effective improvement plans for project completion. Evaluated staff performance and provided coaching to address inefficiencies. Educated staff on organizational mission and goals to help employees achieve success. Concrete Finisher, Benchmark Construction, April 2012-June 2016 Columbus, OH
Worked with a team of concrete finishers and labors to complete daily task Created specific decorative concrete projects.
Mixed, spread and patched concrete to specifications. Set wood and other forming materials to prepare for concrete pours. Masonry Laborer, Leonard Williams Masonry Inc., October 2011-February 2012 Johnstown, OH
Calculate measurements for specific mortar mixes for stone, brick and block. Used trowels to apply grout during installation of brick and tile. Used rakes and shovels to spread, level and smooth concrete. Mixed mortar to lay bricks, stones and concrete sidewalks. Landscape Fertilizing Foreman, Dave Brown Landscape, March 2010-October 2011 Westerville, OH
Adhered to OSHA guidelines and standards for proper handling of hazardous chemicals and pesticides.
Maintained routine landscaping schedules to boost lawn health. Mixed and sprayed fertilizers, herbicides and insecticides onto shrubs, trees and grass. Applied weed and pest control chemicals to lawns, protecting grass growth and improving appearance.
Used Software to work closely with clients and design project scopes, budgets and necessary plans.
Landscape Maintenance Foreman, The Lawncare Company, May 2006-March 2010 Johnstown, OH
Participated in seminars to better understand natural landscaping practices and pest control products.
Mowed, trimmed and maintained exterior building spaces on a regular schedule for residential and commercial property's.
Provided expert lawn care, mulching, aerating and trimming around walks, walls and flower beds.
Landscape Crew Member, Rocky Fork Company, June 2005-May 2006 New Albany, OH
Provided weekly mowing lawn care services such as, mulching, trimming around walks, walls and flower beds.
Used trimmers and chainsaws for weekly grounds maintenance. Trimmed greenery, shrubs and hedges to maintain uniform appearan EDUCATION AND TRAINING
High School Diploma
Johnstown High School, Johnstown OH
Contact this candidate