Christopher Gutierrez
Riverside, CA 951-***-**** ad84yv@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/chris-gutierrez-ca

SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER

Highly accomplished Senior Project Manager with experience delivering success in Waterfall and Agile methodologies within technology implementations. Leverage extensive expertise in project management processes, team leadership, stakeholder management, and negotiating contracts to drive innovative projects on time and within budget.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Strategic IT Infrastructure Deployment Enterprise Security Integration Network and Cybersecurity Deployment Big Data Infrastructure Deployment VOIP Implementation Merger and Acquisition (M&A) Technology Integration Contact Center Technology Optimization and Automation

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Financial Management and Cost Control High-Performing Team Building and Coaching Risk Mitigation and Quality Assurance Strategies Agile & Waterfall Methodologies Strategic Negotiation and Stakeholder Management Strategic Project Road Mapping and Prioritization Project Communication Management Risk Management Scope Management Quality Management Project Leadership Change Management Advanced proficiency in using SharePoint, Visio, PowerPoint, and MS Project Proficient with Artificial Intelligence (AI) for project management Advanced proficiency using Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, Trello, Planview

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Successfully spearheaded the transformation of Wells Fargo's retail banking infrastructure by converting over 13,000 ATMs and 5,400 branches to a fiber optic and Ethernet network, significantly enhancing performance and scalability.
Led a cross-functional team of engineers and technicians in the synchronized implementation of data lake hardware across 3 data centers within a tight 6-month timeframe, ensuring compliance with federal regulations.
Delivered a cost-effective and time-saving network upgrade project, replacing over 16,000 network routers and data switches in Wells Fargo's retail banking infrastructure, all within budget and ahead of schedule.
Implemented a revolutionary Voice over IP (VOIP) solution across 12 Wells Fargo call centers, streamlining operations and introducing innovative call volume organization strategies.
Modernized communication infrastructure at over 5,400 retail banking branches by deploying VOIP technology, achieving significant cost savings exceeding $1 million annually.
Managed and successfully executed IT projects for 3 company acquisitions, ensuring seamless technology integration and infrastructure transitions.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Wells Fargo March 1994 – August 2023
Wells Fargo - Senior Project Manager, Riverside, CA February 2020 – August 2023
Managed complexity sub-programs within portfolio management, prioritized change management, collaborating with cross-functional teams to resolve issues, managed budgets accounting for business goals to ensure project success. Administered planning, resource management, risk adaptation, vendor coordination, and maintained clear communication with stakeholders.
Developed a strategic hardware optimization rollout plan leveraging a replacement project, resulting in cost savings of $5 million by minimizing vendor visits. Received commitment from executive leadership to improve process in keeping projects inclusive to meeting business goals.
Led the Agile transformation for 3 Cybersecurity engineering teams by spearheading their adoption and providing tailored Agile project documentation. This ensured a practical, smooth transition to Agile methodology.
Provided supervision for over 40 cybersecurity engineers across 3 Agile teams by coaching them on Agile methodologies and project management tools such as Jira and Confluence. This fostered a supportive, efficient, and collaborative software development environment for enterprise applications.
Assembled cross-functional project team comprised of junior project managers, engineers, property managers, banking leaders, vendors, and stakeholders worked as a team through seamless collaboration and rapport. Demonstrated excellent communication skills as project delivery for the enterprise Ethernet transition was successful.

Chris Gutierrez ad84yv@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Wells Fargo - Project Manager 4, Riverside, CA February 2017 – January 2020
Managed complex critical infrastructure technology projects adhering to deadlines. Built high-performing teams achieving project and business objectives. Project quality delivery occurred on time and budget with transformational change meeting project deliverables. Work collaboratively or independently to influence upper management.
Delivered a cost-effective network upgrade project, replacing over 6,000 routers and 10,000 data switches within a 2-year time frame, while minimizing downtime and with minimal resource utilization.
Championed a sustainable network equipment upgrade by responsibly recycling over 15,000 pieces in accordance with Wells Fargo Global Recycle Standards and implementing secure data disposal measures in accordance with Wells Fargo asset management policy.
Facilitated a collaborative network infrastructure upgrade for the retail banking finance operations, working cross-functionally with flexibility in process with engineering and business teams to ensure seamless integration.

Wells Fargo - Project Manager 3, Riverside, CA February 2014 – January 2017
Directed cross-functional projects, from inception to completion. Through the assessment of project process requested resource allocation according to the project teams required based on previous project experience. Utilized leadership, risk management, and stakeholder management skills leading to process success.
Spearheaded the enterprise-wide migration from legacy dial-tone technology to Voice over IP (VOIP) as the Technical Project Leader, successfully converting 12 call centers and over 5,400 retail banking centers.
Achieved a remarkable 90% adoption rate for VOIP technology within 1 year at 12 call centers encompassing 15,000 employees, significantly enhancing communication efficiency.
Established a seamless project rollout by coordinating schedules and collaborating with technology teams and implementing call center menu changes and specialized department routing for uninterrupted service. Provided support to the back office environment with prosses inherited by call center operations.
Managed over 5 teams of network and voice engineers in executing rigorous quality assurance (QA) procedures while data gathering for analysis. This allowed for user requirements to be fulfilled as process improvements for the VOIP implementation resulted in minimal issues.

Wells Fargo - Project Manager 2, San Bernardino, CA February 2012 – January 2014
Managed projects in a matrixed organization environment. Worked effectively in a team environment and across organizational levels, with collaboration throughout the project lifecycle. Created business cases, developed implementation strategy, and identified project interdependencies. Presented analyses and recommendations to senior leaders.
Managed San Francisco MAN ring project, implementing fiber optic technology. Delivered cost-effective solution with increased network throughput, redundancy, and availability for financial district business centers.
Led the collaboration effort for integrating the network infrastructure of 2 acquired companies within a 2-year timeframe, ensuring minimal employee disruption and successful business continuity.
Upgraded the IT infrastructure of the VOIP converted banking centers by replacing network hardware to newer models, implementing the latest software versions, and consolidating systems to ensure system security. Mitigated vulnerabilities while enabling modernized standards and partnership with banking leadership.
Achieved a seamless transition of acquired companies to Wells Fargo IT standards in under a year, surpassing the performance of other information technology departments. Resolved problems and removed potential issues due to my acquisition experience.

CERTIFICATIONS
PMP – Project Management Professional
CSM - Certified ScrumMaster
Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals
Cisco Networking Certified - Cisco Networking CE920

EDUCATION
Associate of Science in Electronic Engineering
ITT Technical Institute, San Bernardino, CA

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Toastmasters International - Toastmasters Club President 929 Apr 2013 - May 2018
Chartered the club for Wells Fargo onsite. Overall operation of the Toastmasters club. Presided at club and officer meetings, monitored the Distinguished Club Program progress and worked closely with the area director to coordinate goals with Wells Fargo employees.
Contact this candidate