509-***-****
ad84f4@r.postjobfree.com
**** ** ** **
Warden, Wa. 98857
Stephen D. Hastings

Objective
I am a dependable, well-organized, self-motivated team player who learns quickly. I have worked in engineering and production. I have a good understanding of the different aspects of working as a Craft Superintendent, Designer, Construction and Project Manager, Chief Operations Officer as well as working as operator and supervisor in an operating 24/7 Polysilicon Plant. I get along well with people and have a positive work attitude.

Experience
June 2023 – Current Silanano Technologies Moses Lake, WA.

Senior Construction Manager

Direct and oversee construction management team, lead day-to-day construction including safety, quality, cost, schedule, performance, material management, project turnover and close-out.
Leads and manages direct reports in Moses Lake.
Build out a constructabilty program, lead constructibility reviews and ensure stakeholder and contractor inputs are provided and incorporated into the project design.
Provide construction leadership and input during front end engineering development and reviews.
Manage relationships with construction contractors and other external parties, provide direction on priorities, schedule, and project coordination to ensure the deadlines are met.
Build out new construction management processes and tools using past experience and industry best practices. Develop and implement advanced work packages throughout the design process.
Identify and resolve key issues impacting project schedule, cost, safety and quality.
Manage RFI’s, change orders, approvals, documentation, scope of work, and record keeping.

January 2023 – June 2024 Stetner Construction Group Quincy, WA.

Senior Project Manager

Oversight of Douglas County PUD Hydrogen plant, East bank fish hatcheries upgrade. Supervise work of Project managers, project engineers and budget.

August 2021 – Current H5 Datacenter Quincy, WA..

Facilities Manager

Manages all business aspects of multiple concurrent projects, currently expanding data center, 12-million-dollar expansion and ensuring financial targets are met while maintaining established quality standards.

Acts as a liaison with the customer and facilities staff to maintain critical facilities operation of 100% uptime.

Supervise 8 full time employees (supervisory and non-supervisory). Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training, planning, assigning, and directing work, appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining employees, addressing complaints and resolving problems.

Supervise PM program to ensure all are completed as required.

October 2020 – May 2021 EC Electric Hermiston, Or.

Sr. Project Manager PDX081 Amazon Data Center

Manages all business aspects of multiple concurrent projects, typically $10 million annually and ensuring financial targets are met while maintaining established quality standards.
Completes Pre-Job tasks such as Viewpoint Pre-Job checklists, meetings, and EC Contract content review.
Review and obtain signatures from General Contractor to include non-disclosure, vendor and supplier agreements.
Develop and communicate the project execution plan to necessary parties.
Accountable for contract management, claims and disputes resolutions.
Work with Estimating department to review estimates, RECAPS and turnover as well as the ability to estimate and procure electrical projects in a competitive market successfully.
Acts as a mentor for new and existing project managers as well as assistant project managers on their team.
Actively maintaining customer relationships to ensure customer satisfaction and quality of service.
Understand general contractor’s (GC) cost reporting and management plan, proactively
communicating GC expectations.
Acts as a liaison with the customer and project staff to properly identify and process scope changes, address issues and communicate with GC regarding project milestones, etc.
Manages project related correspondence and documents through designated document
management systems.
Develop and maintain EC Electric resource loaded master schedule.
Set cash flow goals, update schedule of values and establish check signer for emergencies.
Generate MOP’s and review detailed three-week look ahead schedule for projects.
Ensure Project Managers are actively managing crew composite factor by comparing budgeted numbers to actual.
Understand and follow GC’s master control program with regards to documents.
Create construction estimate to align with project workflow and customers master schedule. Complete project audit checklists and retain with other vital project documents.
Regularly coordinate owner/GC weekly meetings to ensure ongoing open communication.

Oversight of OFCI equipment tracking, EC equipment receiving and quality control plan and
management.
Accurate monthly financial forecasting for all projects.
Other duties as assigned.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
Normally supervises 30+ employees (supervisory and non-supervisory). Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and training, planning, assigning, and directing work, appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining employees, addressing complaints and resolving problems.

July 2020 – October 2020 Stetner Electric Quincy, Wa.

Chief Operations Officer

Directly oversees Operations including bid estimating with pricing, cost effective operations, and meeting project schedules at. The Ops Officer has the responsibility for working with Division Managers to assure that RFQ bid response (estimates) are complete, accurate, timely and profitable. Also, holds Division Directors accountable for the quality and expert support of Bid submissions. Ops Officer works with and holds Division Managers accountable for the sales development and account management activities that is reported through Business Development (Sales) Director. The Ops Manager monitors and provides regular, consolidated reporting of Project Status, including compliance with schedule costs (materials and hours) and cost to complete goals. The Ops Officer is also responsible overall Job quality and end of Job assessment processes working through the Division Directors and PMs. The Ops Officer will work with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Executive Leadership Team to assure timely and accurate Operations reports and supports the reputation and business growth that meet the goals of Stetner Construction Group.

April 2020 – July 2020 Stetner Electric Quincy, WA.
Project Manager, 4.5 -million-dollar expansion and remodel of 6 grade schools in East Wenatchee. Damian elementary in Ellensburg, WA. Fat burger and Wicked goat coffee stand in George WA. Doumitt training facility in Moses Lake WA.

Oversight of schedule, budget, procurement, RFI’s, transmittal, change orders and overall safety of sites.

May 2018 – August 2019 LAM International Butte, Mt.

Construction Manager, 4.9-million-dollar expansion of manufacturing facility

Interviewed potential contractors and then selected which contractors would be invited to bid on the project based on past safety, quality, cost and the ability to meet the schedule for completion.
Once bids were received and reviewed, I selected the contractor that met the above criteria.
I negotiated with the selected contractor a fixed cost bid to reduce the cost of the contract, by adding potential bonuses as well as penalties if the project was not met. (Saving $98,000.00)
I also managed the RFI process between the contractor and Engineer of record to ensure that they were expedited so that there no delays to the project.
Daily walks of the construction site to ensure that the project was proceeding as per the schedule to meet predetermined milestones, and to check that safety policies were being followed.
I also monitored the material and equipment on site verses the loaded schedule and advised the contractor to add or delete manpower and equipment dependent of progress.
Monthly review of completed work and approving Pay applications for contracted work.
Held weekly meeting with contractor/engineering/operations to review seven-day work forecast and document completion of work.
Completed weekly construction reports for the owner and monthly progress and budget performance to the executive vice president and CEO.
Performed punch list walk down and project closeout.

March 2012 – September 2012 Core Business Developers Taipei, Taiwan.

Field Engineer, New Silane Distillation and loading facility 5 million us

I was hired because of my experience with a previous silicon plant construction, the contractor onsite was having issues with both productivity and the quality of work, I mitigated that with weekly progress review meetings, daily walk of the construction site with the superintendents and the QC personnel to meet the milestones. Also developed action plans for the superintendents for installing and maintaining the High Purity Distillation columns, piping, boiler and refrigeration systems, and ensured they were installed per drawings and specifications during construction, this mitigated startup issues.
Created punch list documentation during field walks and worked with construction to ensure they were complete before startup of each system.
Developed standard operating procedures for start-up and operation of plant.
Using Standard operating procedures, participated in training operators and site staff on installed equipment.
Turned over equipment to operations once all punch list items were completed.

August 2012 – March 2020 Steve Hastings & Son’s General Contracting Warden, WA

Owner, Light Commercial and residential construction and remodeling

August 2011 – February 2012 (Strategies and Processes for Construction) Hemlock Silicon Corporation, Clarksville, Tn.

Construction Manager Owners Rep, DP Host and CLSI
I was hired because of my experience with a previous silicon plant construction, the contractor onsite was having issues with productivity and the quality of work, which was causing them to slip the schedule. I mitigated that with weekly progress review meetings, daily walk of the construction site with the superintendents, foreman and the QC personnel. What I found was that the craft were willing to do the work, but they were being held up by materials not arriving on time, or if they arrived they were not clean enough to use for fabrication and they would have to send it back for cleaning. To mitigate that we started inspecting all materials onsite and at the point of delivery, if it did not meet spec it was rejected and sent back to the vendor, if it was already in the field we would schedule it for cleaning before it was actually required, when we did that we were able to start meeting the schedule milestone. $250,000.00 saving)

Directed and monitored the progress of construction activities by working with construction management, superintendents, quality and safety personnel and others.
Responsible for verifying that all necessary permits and licenses are in-place prior to the start of construction and monitor compliance with building and safety codes and other regulations.
Responsible for a controlled transition of the project from the construction phase/ document turnover to start-up operations maintenance and final acceptance by owner.
Evaluate and monitor all onsite activities including but not limited to services activities, i.e., receiving inspections, commissioning, and testing, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure efficient use of project resources.
Monitor and enforce effective administration of the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.
Control budget and schedule milestones for the duration of the project. Track and control construction cost against the project budget to avoid overruns.
Work with the Project Manager to maintain updated project economics and other project information. Prepare and periodically present reports to Project Management.
Evaluate process and administered changes (change management).

March 2011 – August 2011 RedHawk Technical Services Energy Northwest Richland, Wa.
Construction Manager, Night Shift – Condenser Replacement Project, Project Value 180 million
I managed the night shift construction activities, we dealt with radiological issues of removing contaminated condensers below the turbine, we also had issues with the selected contractor of meeting schedule, I was then asked to become part of their team and was moved into direct oversight of their construction managers and superintendents, to mitigate the issue I attended both of the start of the shift meeting, both day shift and night shift to ensure that each team had clear direction on what was required to be accomplished on their shift. I ended up removing two superintendents that were not capable of meeting those goals. I monitored contractor installation per the project work order task instructions and specifications daily to ensure we were on schedule.
I administered of the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.

January 2011 – March 2011 Renewable Energy Corporation (REC) Moses Lake, Wa.
Project Management Group Manager – Moses Lake, WA. And Butte, Mt.
Managed Project Management actives for all Capital Projects in Moses Lake WA. And Butte MT.
Reviewed workload of personnel and assigned projects as they were approved by the operating committee.
Responsible for oversight of budget and schedule controls for all projects. Tracked and controlled construction cost against the project budget to avoid overruns.
Performed employee evaluation.
Monitored the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.
Direct and monitor the progress of construction activities by working with construction management, superintendents, quality and safety personnel and inspectors.

July 2010 - January 2011 Renewable Energy Corporation (REC) Moses Lake, WA.
Construction Manager – Product Handling Upgrade Project, High Purity Glass Lined Pipe System Project Value 18 million
Managed, coordinated, and supervised the construction activities.
Managed personnel, material, equipment, project budget, schedule, quality assurance and control, contract negotiation, and safety of employees.
Managed the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.
Responsible for a controlled transition of the project from the construction phase to turnover to the operation and maintenance and final acceptance.

August 2009 – July 2010 Renewable Energy Corporation (REC) Moses Lake, WA.
Project Manager – Silane Loading Project, High Purity Pipe/Tubing System Project Value 15 million
Accountable for managing, coordinating, and supervising the construction management actives.
Managed personnel, material, equipment, project budget, schedule, quality assurance and control, contract documents and negotiations with contractors, and safety.
Managed the administration of the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs ensured corrective action was taken to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.
Responsible managing of budget and schedule controls throughout the project. Track and control construction cost against the project budget to avoid overruns.
Responsible for a controlled transition of the project from the construction phase to turnover to the operation and maintenance and final acceptance.
Evaluate process and administered changes (change management).
Evaluate and monitor all onsite activities including but not limited to services activities, i.e., receiving inspections, commissioning, and testing, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure efficient use of project resources.

March 2009 – August 2009 Renewable Energy Corporation (REC) Moses Lake, Wa.
Project Manager – Powder Capture Project, High Purity Amorphous Silicon
Project Value 25 million
Accountable for managing, coordinating, and supervising the construction management actives.
Responsible for monitoring and insuring proper management of people, material, equipment, project budget, schedule, quality assurance and control, contract requirements, and safety of employees and the general public.
Monitor effective administration of the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.
Responsible for oversight of budget and schedule controls throughout the project, as appropriate. Track and control construction cost against the project budget to avoid overruns.
Responsible for a controlled transition of the project from the construction phase to turnover to the operation and maintenance and final acceptance.

December 2006 – March 2009 Renewable Energy Corporation (REC) Moses Lake, WA.
Area Construction Manager – Fluid Bed Reactor, High Purity Processes
Project Value 600 million

Accountable for managing, coordinating, and supervising the construction management actives.
Responsible for monitoring and insuring proper management of people, material, equipment, project budget, schedule, quality assurance and control, contract requirements, and safety of employees and the general public.
Direct and monitor the progress of construction activities by working with construction management, superintendents, quality and safety personnel and others.
Responsible for verifying that all necessary permits and licenses are in-place prior to the start of construction and monitor compliance with building and safety codes and other regulations.
Responsible for a controlled transition of the project from the construction phase to turnover to the operation and maintenance and final acceptance.
Evaluate and monitor all onsite activities including but not limited to services activities, i.e., receiving inspections, commissioning, and testing, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure efficient use of project resources.
Monitor effective administration of the on-site QA/QC and Safety programs, taking corrective action as necessary to ensure attainment of QA/QC requirements and site safety.
Assist in the enforcement of budget and schedule controls throughout the project, as appropriate. Track and control construction cost against the project budget to avoid overruns.
Work with the Construction Manager to maintain updated project economics and other project information. Prepare and periodically present reports to Project Management.
Evaluate process and administered changes (change management).

April 2006 – December 2006 CADWORKZ INC. (Energy Northwest Site 1) Richland, Wa.
Field Engineer

Responsible for the feasibility study of an Energy storage and backup Power Facility for the Industrial Development Complex.
Identify the direct application(s) and the demand for efficient use of the existing Backup power.
Identify the condition and cost to use the sites existing vital power system to support the identified applications.
Determine what needs to be purchased to complete the systems.
Develop a concept to join all the systems together into one global system.
Generate a cost estimate to purchase and install networked systems.
Model and determine the cost of power during times the required energy storage is recharging and discharging to support site applications.
Assist management as needed to support the asset recovery program at site 1/4.

Jan. 2005 – April 2006Williams Plant Services (Energy Northwest Sites 1 & 4). Richland, WA
Site Superintendent

Responsible for all craft supervision at sites 1 & 4.
Monitor assigned work in the field and coordinate necessary support and problem solving to assure proper completion safely and on schedule.
Review work scope prior to job closeout to ensure accuracy and completeness, and the work objectives are met.
Review and update work schedules, report status to management.
Monitor and update budget for given work packages.
Determine the crew size required for each craft.
Determine the hire and termination dates for all craft.

Nov. 2001 – Jan. 2005Bechtel National Inc. Richland, WA
Mechanical Handling Designer, Low Activity Waste Building

Mechanical Handling Designer responsible for developing equipment for the Low activity waste cave.
Developed Design proposal and Mechanical Handling drawing for Container Lidding, Decontamination and Export.
Developed Design proposal drawings for High level waste hot cave.
Developed Embed proposal drawings for placing equipment in the Low activity waste cave.
Developed Mechanical Handling process flow drawings for the Low activity waste cave.
Used Micro station Triforma for making section cuts through the model, which were used to determine equipment layout and to check for interferences with existing equipment.
POC for Micro station within the LAW Mechanical Handling Group.

Oct. 1999 – Nov. 2001 Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc Moses lake, WA
Production Specialist, Poly Reaction Siemens Reactors

Process Monitoring – Collect and analyze data from both Poly Reaction and Product Finishing to control processes and improve quality, cost and yield.
Responsible for process changes, which affect yield, growth rates and reactor down time.
Responsible for all equipment associated with CZ reactors.
Responsible for weekly/monthly reports to management on production rates and yields.
Department interface with Process Technology on issues related to improving quality, increasing yields and improving production rates.
Department interface with QC for internal and external quality audits
Responsible for ensuring that Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) meet quality, safety and process safety standards.
Responsible for ensuring that process safety management is followed and implemented when process conditions are changed to improve productivity of operating parameters.
Lead and or participate in Process Hazard Analysis (PHA).

Mar. 1999 – Oct. 1999 Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Senior Designer, Plant Engineering

Prepare plan, elevation, section, details and isometric high purity pipe drawings for construction bid packages.
Prepare plan, elevation, section, and details for high purity equipment, tank and vessel drawings for construction packages.
Prepare detailed concrete foundation drawings for structures and equipment.
Update existing hand and electronic media drawings.
Take field measurements for layout of equipment and field piping tie-ins.
Worked closely with engineers, management, and contractors to accomplish jobs safely, on schedule, and on budget.
Worked at Vendor Fabrication shops during construction of critical components, to verify that equipment was built to specifications and to answer requests for information during fabrication.

Sept. 1998 – Mar.1999 Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Lead for Design/Drafting/Record Center, Plant Engineering

Provide supervision for the Plant Engineering design/drafting group and the plant record center.
Check and approve drawings to be issued for construction.
Annual performance appraisal for employee’s working directly for me.
Work as a lead on high priority multi-disciplined projects for Plant Engineering.
Provide training and guidance for those working under my direction.
Work at Vendor Fabrication shops during construction of critical components, to verify that equipment was built to specifications and to answer requests for information during fabrication.

Feb. 1997 – Sept.1998Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Construction Manager, Capital Projects Group

Control cost and schedule of onsite contract construction for capital work at the Moses Lake plant.
Review and approve scope of work sent to contractor for bid/construction.
Review and approve scope changes for construction packages.
Perform both formal and informal safety audits, and work audits to see if contractors are following prescribed guidelines.
Complete punch list reviews, acceptance of mechanical completion.
Work at Vendor Fabrication shops during construction of critical components, to verify that equipment was built to specifications and to answer requests for information during fabrication.

1991 – Feb. 1997
Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Mechanical Designer, Plant Engineering

Prepare plan, elevation, section, details and isometric pipe drawings for construction bid packages.
Prepare plan, elevation, section, and details for equipment, tank and vessel drawings for construction packages.
Prepare detailed concrete foundation drawings for structures and equipment.
Check and approve drawings to be issued for construction.
Update existing hand drawing.
Take field measurements for layout of equipment and field piping tie-ins.
Work closely with engineers, management, and contractors to accomplish jobs safely, on schedule, and on budget.
Setup record center, which is responsible for filing and retrieval of all technical documentation for the company, implemented Key file document archival database.
Work as a contractor construction supervisor/coordination between engineering and contractors to ensure that jobs completed safely and in accordance with the required specifications.
Work at Vendor Fabrication shops during construction of critical components, to verify that equipment was built to specifications and to answer requests for information during fabrication.

1989 -1991 Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Research and Development Technician, Process Technology Group

Participated in the design and implementation of controlled experiments for increasing the quality and quantity of salable product.
Participated in the design of a test reactor for increasing yields in Polycrystalline Silicon.
Statistical analysis of controlled experiments using statistical software, and Lotus 123.

1987-1989Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Operation Assistant, Poly Reaction Siemens Reactors
Purchasing of day-to-day operating materials
.
Develop and maintain unit Standard Operating Procedures, safety procedures, and material safety data sheets.
Coordination of maintenance in the unit, tracking of cost related to maintenance.
Prepare monthly reports to management on budget expenditures.

1986 - 1987Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Shift Supervisor, Poly Reaction Siemens Reactors

Day to day operation of production unit, responsible for safely producing Polycrystalline Silicon.
Provide training for eight-shift employees.
Annual performance appraisals for shift employees.

1984-1986 Advanced Silicon Materials, Inc. Moses lake, WA
Poly Operator, Poly Reaction Siemens Reactors

Isolating and locking out equipment for maintenance.
Locking out equipment for turnaround.
Control processes temperature, pressure and levels using a distributive control system.
Treat chemical by-products using chemical injection control system.

1982-1984 Goehry’s Chrysler-Plymouth-Dodge, Brewster, WA.
Auto Mechanic

Troubleshoot and repair mechanical and electrical systems on trucks and cars.
1981 - 1982Sun Ag Case international, Inc. Othello, WA
Tractor Mechanic
Troubleshoot and repair hydraulics, engines and transmission.

Education
Graduated Warden High School

Lotus, WordPerfect, AutoCAD R11, AutoCAD R12, AutoCAD R13, AutoCAD R14, AutoCAD 2000, Micro station, Micro station Triforma, Statistical Process Control, Supervisor training, Managing Projects, Problem Solving, Hazard Assessment, Excel, Word, and Keyfile Archival.

Reference – Jack Kerr Ph. 509-***-****, George Leblanc Ph. 509-***-****
Contact this candidate