Bolaji Ola-Ojo
CISSP, PMP, CAP, MBA, SMP
240-***-**** ad85a2@r.postjobfree.com
Upper Marlboro, MD https://www.linkedin.com/in/bolajiolaojo/
Agile Coach Cybersecurity Expert IT Project Management

Results-oriented and self-directed IT Program Manager and Cybersecurity Executive equipped with 14 years of specialized experience in program/project management and 7 years specifically in cybersecurity, known for providing exceptional leadership, effective communication, and increasing profits. Hands-on experience leveraging expert knowledge to launch enterprise software, hardware, and systems using Project Management (PM) methodologies to increase productivity, efficiency, and revenue.

Saving Millions in unnecessary costs by reversing inefficiencies and increasing functionality.
Leading Powerful Teams to execute the program of projects and achieve ambitious business goals.
Shifting Company Culture by promoting continuous improvement and being a leader in the industry.

Skills Summary: SDLC, Agile Scrum Framework, Infrastructure security, Application Securition, Detection, Security operations, Threat Hunting,Traditional Waterfall, Penetration Testing, NIST 800-53, NIST 800-30, FIPS 199, FIPS200 and RMF, IT System Operation and Maintenance, SIEM (Splunk Implementation), Windows System Administration, Packet Routing and Firewall Maintenance, Red Hat Enterprise, VMware Product Suite, RSA Archer Module Implementation (AA, Secops, ConMON, Privacy, Policy), ATO Package, HiTrust, HIPAA, PCI DSS, Resource Management, Strategic Growth Plans, Business and IT alignment, Process improvement, Cloud Infrastructure Support, Team Leadership, Requirement Analysis, Risk mitigation Strategies, Computer Network Defense, Information Systems Implementation

Software Applications and Program Languages: ServiceNow, Azure DevOps, Microsoft Project, Atlassian, One drive, Jira, Confluence, Trello, Crowd, BitBucket, Basecamp, GSuite, Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Clarity, VSTS, Oracle, SAP, SOAP, REST, Cloud-Based, O365, Azure, Exchange Online, Adobe Experience Manager, Sitecore, Magento, Drupal, WordPress, SharePoint, Shopify, Java, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, XML, Web Services, Web Service Authentication, Angular, SQL

Professional Highlights
Achieved continuous diagnostic monitoring capabilities that assisted federal agencies in implementing information security and continuous monitoring.
Architected and managed the delivery of CDM dashboard that focused on asset management, Identity and access management, boundary protection, event management, and data protection management.
Implemented a single RSA archer platform where OpDivs and HHS can aggregate data from existing systems to drive comprehensive, informed security decision to support operational security and risk management
Delivered complex infrastructure projects implementing features and functionality supporting MBE + resiliency and disaster recovery using AWS cloud technology, resulting in a 5% increase in customer satisfaction.
Spearheaded cloud-based fire eye ETP project that detected 1,572 advanced email threats and replaced the existing on-premises fire Eye EX solution at Humana.
Implemented a digital marketing application that created a personalized point of sale experience and reduced material cost, resulting in a 10% increase in efficiency and productivity at Humana.
Launched new retail products for Affordable Care Open Enrollment and Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and
Medicare/Medicaid Risk Assessment- resulted in a 15% increase in Q4 Humana Enrolment plan 2018.
Led infrastructure project to create a new Hadoop environment in support of Consumer 360 next-generation analytic needs which resulted in a 20% increase in customer service satisfaction
Revamped and automated change management process at HHS CSS that reduced implementation cycle by 40%
Introduced enterprise tool (ServiceNow) to aid PPM support at the agency level
Automated the RAID log and approval process that increased visibility among stakeholders by 30%

Professional Overview & Projects
Sr. Security Program Manager- Adobe inc January 2023-Till date
Collaborate with AWS and Azure devops team to improve seamless deployment, drive shift left approach and best practice by integrating security early in the SDLC process
Collaborate with cross functional stakeholders to drive the onboarding process for Acquisition into Abobe’s security stack i.e consolidated set of tools to improve security posture and reduce risk to Adobe (Mavlink-Iaas monitoring, Crowdstrike falcon EDR, Hubble, Rapid7 Nexpose, Nmap port scanning, Kurbernetes security monitoring, container image registration and vulnerability scanning, cyberark vault)
Oversee Frame.io (acquisition) common control integration roadmap to include: understanding compliance landscape, assist in soc 2 & sspa audit, ccf gap assessment, soc 2 audit with frame.io legacy controls, querterly compliance review and ccf ira onboarding.
Collaborate with adobe internal SMEs to conduct security reviews/threat modelling, vulnerability scanning, threat hunting and incident monitoring/response, bug bounty program, identity and access management, disaster recovery test business impact assessment for Adobe’s acquistions:(Frame.io, contentcal, notebook).
Provide Product Managers with technical and/or analytical information. Organize crossfunctional activities ensuring the program/project is completed on schedule and within budget constraints. Provide program/project schedules and status reports to digital security Resilence team.

Technical Senior Program Manager- Microsoft March 2022-November 2022
Collaborate with the identity and access management services cross functional team to drivethe MSFT core experience for people who work at MSFT. ( Windows Hello or Authenticator)
Achieving the work necessary to make sure that things are running smoothly with migration of MFA Server from on Prem to Azure cloud, move users to passwordless phone signing, migrate users to azure MFA with existing Auth methods.
Create/ review multiple functional specifications that will be used as tools in making decisions as to how the product or service willbe implemented.
Manage identity pass tap project, fix bugs, request assessment, coordinated the penetration test, ace review, publish app istore
Provide Product Managers with technical and/or analytical information. Organize crossfunctional activities ensuring the program/project is completed on schedule and within budget constraints. Provide program/project schedules and status reports to digital security Resilence team.
Manage the transition of deveops responsibilities for phone regristration and SSPM, update of the BCDR documentation and planning for a BCDR test, SSPM build process and deployment, configuration and validation for phonereg

Technical Program Manager- Mastercard February 2021-March 2022
Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to drive business continuity and disaster program strategy i.e business impact assessment, Disaster recovery test, system impact assessment.
Collaborate with AWS and Azure devops team to improve seamless deployment, drive shift left approach and best practice by integrating security early in the SDLC process
Providing Project Management support to Corporate Security for Mergers and Acquisitions deals (Finicity and Ethoca)
Coordinate closey with Finicity team (Acquired entity) to draw up Integration roadmap and timeline
Oversees integration efforts and work with Ethoca (Acquired Entity) that includes, Vulneranility management of PCI & NonPCI assests, internal infrastructure, Static/Dynamic code scanning, Network penetration testing, Security Maturity assessment with findings and remediation plans loaded in Archer, Bug Bounty Program, Technical resilence workstreams to ensure compliance with Mastercard security integration requirements etc
Oversees / created project implementation plan for Finicity’s Datacenter exit strategy of migration to AWS cloud solution
Communicate Integration workstream status to all stakeholders on a weekly basis throughout the acquisition & integration lifecycle.
Tracking security risk across the acquisition lifecycle and coordinate and remediation plans in prioritized manner

Project Management Services Task lead – CenterPoint Inc(Department of Health and Human services) Jun 2020 – February 2021
Collaborates with DCISO, branch chiefs, other program managers to create strategic priorities, design the road map for 2021, determine strategic investments to be made, HHS policy and implementation
Oversees team providing operation and maintenance support for HHS OIS and the OpDivs to assist with ticket creation, helpdesk issue resolutions, and future integration needs.
Presents contractual deliverables to DCISO, division directors, and branch chiefs on a weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis via status report.
Achieved best practice for project execution following PMI agile scrum methodologies.
Coordinate closely with the Archer SMEs and BAH Network engineering lead to formulating POAM for identified system vulnerabilities.
Partners with CenterPoint HR to create documentation for direct reports that includes training certifications, yearly goals, and performance improvement plan.
Orchestrates project-specific artifacts per EPLC tailoring plans such as project management plans, charters, scope documents, etc. using standardized EPLC designated templates.
Achieves project or program plans and schedules are baselined in accordance with EPLC guidelines and monitor actual costs against the baseline.
Reviews engineering and development project documentation and approaches and assist the government in assuring project outcomes comply with statutory, federal, and agency guidance and policies.
Participates in the development and maintenance of business cases, narratives, and justifications for project activity.
Standardizes and increases proportionate cost savings by increasing CDM and SGRC project execution.
Leverages best practices for project execution following PMI agile scrum methodologies.
Devises framework for quality and standardization of reporting.
Coordinates all projects and vendor activities, ensuring work within the budget, on schedule, and under established quality standards.
PMO IT Program/Senior project manager – Tata consulting c/o Humana. May 2017 – Jun 2020
Critical member of Humana PMO Digital channels and Contact Centers leadership collaborate with other leaders to align organization funding model, and tech roadmaps with business segments, upgrade and improve our foundational infrastructure, work faster and smarter in integrated tech and operational product teams
Built and managed talented teams of IT project managers, business analysts, programmers, developers, and other specialists and keeping stakeholders informed of progress and milestones within our program.
Ensures resources allocation, organizing townhall training sessions and providing materials needed, implementing SDLC agile scrum methodology across the program
Providing oversight project management leadership on multiple related projects i.e. infrastructure, software development, security compliance-oriented projects, application security projects
Evaluated and streamlined core IT systems for multiple clients. Retired obsolete apps, established scalable platforms supporting business growth, and strengthened information security.
Project Manager / Information Security Analyst – Primrose Solutions (Department of Health & Human Services) Mar 2016 – May 2017
Prepared scheduled, and executed all stages of enterprise software, hardware, and system implementations.
Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards, and cost targets.
Maximized resources, ensuring the ability to deliver on project commitments.
Worked effectively with business partners, vendors, technology, and project management staff to develop the project agenda and ensure agreement/adoption of project objectives/deliverables by all affected constituencies.
Performed risk assessments using NIST 800-53 and NIST 800-37, developed/updated and review System Security Plans (SSP), Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, and other tasks and specific security documentation.
Assessed threats, risks, and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues and identified mitigation requirements
Issued information security risk assessments and assist with the internal auditing of information security processes.
PMO project manager – Matrix Consulting group Apr 2013 – Dec 2015
Partnered with development teams and engineering teams, executing the program of projects, and meeting milestones.
Delivered ad hoc budget assistance as necessary during the preparation phase.
Coordinated status meetings, program meetings, and liaised between cross-organizational teams as the IT project manager, management of the IT aspects of the program, risks/issues.
Boosted executive bi-weekly / monthly reviews in which details on the book of work are provided to Director level personnel.
Sr. Information Security Consultant – Primose Solutions Nov 2011 – Apr 2013
Served as the sole Security consultant on Dept. of Labor’s Customer Service Modernization Project.
Translated and defined DOL security requirements, spearheading the agency’s implementation of a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Cloud-based Enterprise-wide Customer Relationship Management (CRM) solution.
Administered guidance for the SDLC following FISMA, NIST & FedRamp standards and guidelines to plan, organize, implement, operate, maintain, monitor, and evaluate the CRM solution following: FIPS 197,199,200, SP800-18, SP800-37, SP800-39, SP800-53 rev3, SP800-60.
Communicated security vulnerabilities while also providing recommendations to address or mitigate associated risk.
Management Act (FISMA) compliance in charge of providing ISSO support in ensuring that all Major Applications and General Support Systems received an Authorization to Operate (ATO).
Education & Credentials
Scrum Master Professional (SMP) – Scrumversity — 2020
Certified in Governance, Risk and Compliance (CGRC)-2017
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) – International Systems Consortium (ISC)— 2019
Project Management Professional (PMP) – Project Management Institute — 2013
Master of Finance (MFIN) – Hult International Business School — 2011
Master of Business Administration (MBA) – Hult International Business School London — 2010
Contact this candidate