Tracy Cook
*
**** ****** *****
Apt. B
(***) **2- 4983
ad85qa@r.postjobfree.com
Summary of
Qualifications
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access), Visio, SPSS, FoxPro and UNIX
Six Sigma experience
CATI research telephone center experience
Ability to bring about strategic change, both internally and externally in order to meet objectives
Highly motivated, reliable, and committed to a high level of professionalism
Ability to work independently, multi-task, and delegate responsibility
Ability to establish a corporate vision, and to implement it in any environment Work Experience
2011 – Present Administrator Volunteer National Alliance for Mental Illness (NAMI) Baltimore, Maryland
Working with the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) to verify the existing emergency hotline database resource information. As well as sourcing for new resources of nonprofit or for-profit organizations that will partner with us for the new combination database which I am assisting to create. Once completed, the new database will be used by the 24Hour Emergency Hotline, for the Baltimore National Alliance on Mental Illness to offer assistance by answering life questions and providing information to various topics. Trained Baltimore City and County police officers on Mental Illness by allowing them to experience physiological program called “Virtual Voices” developed by a renowned psychologist.
The program simulates the mind of a schizophrenic individual. By experiencing this program, the officers become more sensitized to individuals with mental illnesses. And, learn to differentiate individuals with mental illness verses an individual who has abused illegal substances.
We also trained this program at Towson and John Hopkins Universities psychological classes.
Finally, participated in peer to peer non-clinical group sessions.
.
Work Experience
2008 - 2011 Substitute Teacher Baltimore County Public Schools Baltimore County, Maryland
Temporarily responsible for the implementation of BCPS curriculum through the development and delivery of unit plans and daily lessons. Responsible for monitoring daily attendance, and student behavior while in the classroom as wells as other school areas at Woodholme Elementary School.
Provisionally operating in collaborative cross-curricular teaching teams. Implementing and evaluating instructional lessons, materials, strategies and materials to meet the individual and collective needs of students.
Monitoring and assessing student achievement and participation outcomes with appropriate data collection and analysis. Assist students individually or in groups with instructional activities, skills reinforcement activities, recreational play and special programs. Assist in maintaining an attractive, neat and safe classroom. Perform other duties as assigned.
2
Work Experience
2000 – 2006 Market Research Project Manager Nielsen Audio (Formerly Arbitron Inc.)
Columbia, Maryland
Successfully simultaneously managed multiple multi-million dollar syndicated radio research projects, which were contracted to suppliers across the country and Canada. Ensured the projects operated in accordance to corporate methodological standards. Conducted market research using previous performance statistical data, identified sociological and environmental trends to create a market assignment for each supplier. Ensured the assignment project met negotiated financial and contractual specifications, as well as the existence of internal and external coalitions to achieve common goals. Managed multiple contracted sites simultaneously, each with staffing of 50 to 200 employees. Fostered a team environment, and lead everyone towards meeting the corporate mission. Developed inclusive teams that fostered the development of others, facilitated cooperation and teamwork, and supported constructive resolution of conflicts. Lead simultaneous teams through the analysis, and determination of departmental roles, responsibilities, and of job functions. Created process flow charts using Visio to document job functions, and inter/intra -departmental processes. These charts were designated models, there by becoming a comprehensive corporate requirement. Managed multiple projects each comprised of 15 to 50 markets (some of which were top 10 markets) consisting of 10,000 to 50,000 pieces of sample per contracted site weekly. Maintained performance statistics for example, consent rates, usability rates, return rates and persons per household and sought opportunities for improvement. Exceeded multiple divisional goals, thus received awards for leading both individual survey and annual performance, in addition to earning the highest bonus payouts. Therefore, demonstrating the ability to make decisions that yielded high quality results, which required technical knowledge, analysis of challenges, and some calculated risks. Communicated 24/7 internally, as well as with multiple contract principals, vice presidents, directors, project managers and supervisors. Traveled 2 to 3 times each month to multiple contracted sites to ensure methodological adherence, manage human, financial, and information resources (including training), and resolve contract issues. Additionally, ensured all contract sites met data integrity requirements. Analyzed and interpreted data then reported and communicated findings in a clear concise manner. Developed, implemented and monitored market research tests for syndicated radio clients. The positive test results yielded in every test project being implemented into the Arbitron marketing mix.
Launched a new product project, which was an Outdoor Market Research project. The project was designed to study the influence of out advertising on the public. My team and I designed the project fairly similar to the radio project. Predicting consent, agreement, conversion, no answer rates, return rates etc. The team purchased sample which were phone numbers that proportionately represented at certain number or markets (which were top 10 markets). This was of course after the predetermination of the sample size, which was required to successfully met our desired return rate. Negotiated with a contractor to have interviewers contact the home phone numbers (based on a predicted usability rate) and invited the household to participate in a 7 day recording of the outdoor advertising they saw (this was a qualitative study) so the surveys also asked demographic information of the participants. Repeated the study for twelve weeks so our sample size was approximately 50,000 - 100,000 phone numbers. The interviewers called using an automatic dialer and the sample was queued by a supervisor who reported to a project manager who then reported to me. The number of interviewers were determined by sample sizes being called and asking respondents to participate. There were at least 4 contacts to each agreeing household (also made one conversion contact to households that refused to participate initially). There were three reminder calls and one please mail in your survey call.
3
The process included the mailing materials that were designed with the assistance of the marketing/advertising departments. The contractor project manager was in a different time zone, which required late night phone calls. In addition to a few visits to the contractor to train on scripts that the interviewers used and saw on their automatic dialing screens
(worked with information technology to prior to the launch set a time table on the development side). The project ended with extremely positive results. This project was so successful that Arbitron now Nielsen incorporated the product into their marketing mix.
Developed radio research relevant training materials, and conducted subject matter presentations. Developed, implemented and monitored market research tests for syndicated radio as well as outdoor market research projects. Developed strategic and tactical plans, prioritized the allocation of people and equipment to meet strategic objectives.
Resolved supplier telephony, data systems and staffing issues. Served as project lead for software/database testing, maintenance, data migrations, created system requirements, established reporting requirements, script creation/design, acceptance testing, and data migration.
Developed departmental training materials, and conducted classroom training for soft skills, project updates and methodology changes. Trained CATI Telephone Supervisors, and Operators in the research telephone centers, which ran utility feature computer programs
(CfMC & TelAthena software). These programs were used to manage sample data, monitor call trends, created production and management reports and analyzed survey data. Completed special individual assignments and projects as given. Work Experience
Cont.
1995 – 2000 Branch Manager Adecco Baltimore and Linthicum, Maryland
(Formerly Olsten Staffing Services)
Performed all managerial duties to include, but not limited to contract negotiations and sales for three profit centers. Managed the P & L’s for multiple profit centers, as well as managing the activities of all inside staff, which consisted of sales teams, personnel supervisors and administrative staff. Responsible for recruiting, hiring, training and conducting performance appraisals. Ensured each branch exceed the corporate customer services standards. Developed the Maryland profit center advertising, and ensured client billing met the approved annual budget. Evaluated and created the annual branch budgets, maintained accounts receivables/payable, and additional required client reporting. Responsible for the branch safety program, which required instructing and/or training staff on safe work practices, investigating occupational injuries and illnesses (once identified hazardous conditions were reported to me).
Responsible for employee relations, workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, as well as maintained knowledge of employment law. Created training materials, and conducted subject matter presentations. Developed strategic and tactical plans, prioritized the allocation of people and equipment to meet strategic objectives. Conducted software/database testing, as well as systems upgrades for the Maryland profit center. Personnel Supervisor
Responsible for profitability of the branch, and placement of temporary employees. Maintained corporate production standards. Adhered to the corporate hiring process. Preformed administrative duties as needed, prepared and audited employee payroll. Interacted with clients via the telephone, and in person. Accompanied sales team members on client visits, and conducted client safety audits. Maintained workers’ compensation, unemployment issues and knowledge of employment laws. Managed subcontractor and third party billing. Responsible for special projects as assigned. 4
Volunteer Work
2007 – 2010 Volunteer Keswick Multi-care Center Baltimore, Maryland Assist residents in the Creative Arts Center. Responsible for providing transportation and assisting with projects.
Assist the Director of Rehabilitation Therapy with resident activities and programs. Organized Sunday programs for residents monthly.
Education
Towson State University Towson, Maryland
Bachelor of Science Specializing in Marketing 1998 Notre Dame University Baltimore, Maryland
Masters of Science Specializing in Psychology 2000 References Available upon request
Contact this candidate