Kevin D. Bacala
ad855o@r.postjobfree.com 337-***-**** Lafayette, LA 70506
Resourceful and self-driven professional with 40+ years of work experience. Strong work ethic and a passion to help others achieve personal and organizational goals. Excellent driver with a history of workplace safety and asset protection. Ability to perform at the above levels of satisfaction by applying a foundation of business, technical, and analytical skills.
Leadership
Skilled in leading teams at levels of operations from production management and data collection to communication, financial reporting, and routing.
Driving/Transportation
Previous Driver/Courier Experience.
Good Driving Record with a No Accident History.
Communication
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Interpersonal communication ignites high performance, camaraderie, and service quality.
Operations Support
Can engage with senior leaders and c-suite executives to design and deploy ongoing process improvements.
Professional Experience
Supervisor of Assets & Global Product Support Coordinator, Weatherford International, Houston, TX 2005 – 2015
Served as an engaging leader overseeing asset and inventory counts, along with associate data management and reporting. Provided transparent process communication, cost-effective purchasing, and timely logistics.
Grew the pipeline year-over-year by researching trends and improving/standardizing processes across 63 plants.
Stayed abreast with many state laws and regulations in support of multi-state operations and production logistics.
Exceeded expectations by building and opening a new facility within 3 months (before being selected as project manager, previous projects of similar caliber were completed in 12+ months).
Instrumental in the first branch plant at Weatherford to utilize bar coding other than manufacturing plants, within 12 months, barcoding was implemented in all branches and set as an operational standard.
Promoted to positions of increasing accountability as a result of demonstrated leadership skills.
Early Career
Operations Manager, Hydro Dynamic Cutting Services, Broussard, LA
Supervised processes and teams for ultra-high pressure water jet cutting.
Applied excellent calendaring and time management skills to develop and track national technician schedules.
Project Manager, Odom Construction Company, Baldwin, LA
Led projects from start to finish for land and inland water Oil and Gas projects and sugar mill operations.
Project Manager & Secretary of the Corporation, Frees Construction Company, Inc., Franklin, LA
Coordinated oilfield workflows aligned with site rules and regulations (safety, assets storage, etc.).
Reviewed and ensured projects were complete on time and within set standards per DoD contractual obligations.
Managed all aspects of work with the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Education
2 Years Completed, Production Management – University of Southwestern Louisiana, possesses a High School Diploma
Contact this candidate