AMANDA M. OLAVESSEN
**** *** ***** **, ******, FL 33830
901-***-**** ad86rj@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
Seeking a career opportunity to leverage my diverse corporate experience to apply my proven skills set in a role with increased leadership responsibilities to contribute to the success of an organization. Project Management Leadership / Relationship Management / Technical Advising / Peer Development EDUCATION
University of Phoenix
o Bachelor of Science in Management
Purdue Global
o Master of Business Administration (Expected March 2026) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Centene, Tampa, FL
Project Manager I 2023 – Present
o Support the full project life cycle including requirements gathering, creation of project plans and schedules, obtaining and managing resources, managing budget, and facilitating project execution, deployment, and closure.
o Utilize corporate and industry standard project management tools and techniques to effectively oversee projects.
o Assist with establishment and maintenance of corporate project management methodology and other department procedures.
o Maintain detailed project documentation including meeting minutes, action items, issues lists and risk management plans.
o Effectively communicate project status to all stakeholders. o Coordinate cross-functional meetings with various functional areas to meet overall stakeholder expectations and company's objectives.
o Provide functional and technical knowledge across multiple business and technical areas. o Monitor the creation of all project deliverables to ensure adherence to quality standards including design documents, test plans, training materials, and operations documentation. Project Coordinator I 2019 – 2023
o Lead project coordination and management of key corporate rebate programs. o Main contact person for internal and external clients to set up monthly and quarterly meetings. o Created and maintained base template for quarterly meeting power point slides and meeting minutes. o Create and track all recommendations to Health Plans from quarterly meetings through word documents, surveys, spreadsheets, and tickets.
o Track and coordinate projects to ensure prescribed activities are carried out in accordance with specified objectives.
o Coordinate on various projects as assigned and performed functions as determined by departmental needs along with assisting with in ensuring compliance with departmental policies. o Update generic log by running reports from IPD and checking for any recent launches or updates to launch dates.
Cigna Healthspring, Nashville, TN 2014 - 2019
Subject Matter Expert on MTM for MTM Team
o Trained technicians, interns, and pharmacists on the call, review, and documentation processes. o Help team members with any questions or problems they may have with spreadsheets. o Completed daily counts of CMRs for each contract, documented call outcomes and completed CMRs on Excel Spreadsheets.
o Organized and researched data from all spreadsheets of completed CMRs and Opt-Outs. Assisted in researching discrepancies of information and provided information to management. o Daily triage of the MTM inbox and scheduled CMRs with LTC nurses. o Pulled completed CMRs from previous day to send to other departments. o Maintained accurate provider contact information for database. o Pulled all translator minutes from the spreadsheets each month. o Pulled data for audits and research issues that arise from audit. o Work with pharmacists to pull claims of last 90 days for members for the pharmacist rounds. Windsor Medicare, Cool Springs, TN
Pharmacy Technician for Transition Team 2012-2014
o Provided extensive training to technicians on the review process on rejected claims. o Actively worked with providers, pharmacies, and within the pharmacy department to resolve issues and provide oversight in case of any unusual trends in rejections. o Reviewed BvsD and protected class drugs and alerted management of issues that needed to be corrected.
Walgreens Pharmacy, Bartlett, TN
Senior Technician 2007-2012
o Maintained inventory control through wholesale warehouse ordering, keeping staff members in the proper workflow, answering telephones to assess and resolve patient issues, data entry of prescription and patient information
.
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate