MICHAEL P. FARRELL Hudson, NH 603-***-**** ad860p@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
With over TWENTY-FIVE years of customer planning, installation, startup and support of critical systems on a global scale, expertise, Extensive experience encompasses successful management of nationwide IT installations, large-scale wireless projects, and multimillion-dollar initiatives, including a $37M school infrastructure bond. Adept at developing detailed project plans and budgets, consistently achieve on-time delivery and budget compliance. Possessing strong leadership skills, they excel in coordinating cross-functional teams and serving as a key point of contact for project status.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Independent Project Manager, NH Apr 2023 - Present
Responsibilities:
Assisted customers initiating projects with documents and reviews at all levels from installers to C-Suite.
Layout copper and fiber runs to transmit data, telecommunications and video
Working on short term customer projects from 1 day to several months setting up MS project and SmartSheets project tracking software.
Originated budgets and spending plans.
Wrote and reviewed RFQ (Request for Quote) and RFP (Request for Proposal) documents for vendors.
Led Midterm and late term project reviews.
Managed post project reviews and wrote Lessons Learned documents.

Symbotic, Wilmington, MA Apr 2022 - Mar 2023
Sr. IT Installation Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Orchestrated nationwide IT installations for large-scale warehouse customers, leading cross-functional teams and vendors.
Designed MDF (Main Distribution Facility) to ensure efficient data distribution and centralized network management.
Created and managed project plans and budgets for robotic system installations, documenting all issues in Jira, achieving a seamless alignment with customer warehouse processes.
Enhanced customer communication strategies, resulting in a remarkable 20% increase in overall satisfaction.
Developed, measured, tracked, and reported KPIs, contributing to a 15% improvement in project efficiency.
Examined road blocks to job completion like lack of AC power and lost equipment and implemented novel solutions including battery powered AC power sources that were used for testing and finding a local warehouse for IT deliveries.
Proactively tracked and documented installation issues, reducing project delays by 25%.

Comcast, Remote Aug 2021 - Apr 2022
Sr. Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Managed end-to-end Ethernet (and Ethernet over fiber) installations for business customers, ensuring a smooth order-to-customer turnover.
Led project meetings with stakeholders and project teams, fostering effective communication channels and reducing customer-reported issues by 30%.
Tracked and resolved installation issues promptly, optimizing overall project efficiency by 20%. These included firewalls, routers and storage devices

Wipro, Remote Nov 2020 - Apr 2021
Sr. Infrastructure Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Spearheaded the comprehensive relocation of a company's entire infrastructure, consolidating from 4 sites to a new facility.
Implemented O365 building wide
Combined servers using Vmware, with Vswitch for communication,to reduce operating and maintenance costs
Managed wired and wireless network design and installation, resulting in a 25% improvement in network efficiency.
Planned and executed the decommissioning, moving, and recommissioning of network storage equipment, servers, video storage and transport and other assets.
Facilitated the seamless transition of virtual and physical servers to a new cluster, ensuring minimal downtime.
Ensured deployed solutions were compliant with corporate policies.

Semafone, Boston, MA Apr 2019 - May 2020
Technical Customer Relationship Manager
Responsibilities:
Owned operational relationships with North American clients, serving as a single point of contact and ensuring SLA adherence.
Learn customers networks from T1 to SIP trunks with all associated firewalls and call center hardware
Advocated for customers within Semafone, fostering strong collaborations and defining success criteria.
Collaborated with upper management to achieve customer success, resulting in a 15% increase in customer satisfaction.
Managed service improvement plans, leading to a 20% reduction in service-related issues.
Played a pivotal role as the primary service escalation contact, maintaining a 95% issue resolution rate.

Eversource, Westwood, MA Nov 2017 - Sep 2018
Operational Network Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Directed the analysis and rebuilding of Eversource's operational network, securing budgetary approvals and improving processes.
Wrote and proved out processes for fail over testing
Led projects involving SCADA, video monitoring, building access, PLCs, reclosers, copper, fiber, and LTE networks, optimizing overall network efficiency.
Prepared approval documents for a $400M TEN-year project, ensuring timely budget approval.
Liaised with C-level staff, contributing to a smooth project approval process and answering critical questions.

State of Massachusetts, Boston, MA Jan 2015 - Jan 2017
Sr. Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Managed a $37M bond for school infrastructure build-out, ensuring compliance with safety, legal, and regulatory requirements.
Assisted in design and installation of fiber optic and copper networks for all types of data including wireless and video
Maintained accountability of 3rd party subcontractor staff, focusing on employee productivity and workflow.
Measured and tracked efficiency of contractors, achieving compliance with prevailing wage laws, and minimizing changes to project scope
Maintained project files for the State of Massachusetts, FCC, and Department of Education.

Oracle (Dyn), Manchester, NH Feb 2014 - Jan 2015
Sr. Infrastructure Support Specialist
Responsibilities:
Oversaw the build-out, redesign, and upkeep of Dyn's worldwide cloud-based DNS and DHCP infrastructure.
Managed large-scale core data center moves, including upgrading hardware and virtualization, achieving project milestones on time and within budget.
Led internal meetings, wrote, and reviewed technical documents, and facilitated risk and issue resolution.
Oversaw warranty claim issues, ensuring timely resolution.

Eliassen Group, Manchester, NH May 2013 - Jul 2013
Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Managed multiple projects for major cable TV companies throughout the Northeast, overseeing network, power, cable, and IP capacity projects.
Planned and executed installation projects across multiple technologies and geographies.
Generated, distributed, and evaluated RFPs for projects, contributing to streamlined project initiation.

ePLUS, Bedford, NH Sep 2012 - Jan 2013
Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Led multiple projects, ranging from Video, Wireless and Smart Grid infrastructure installation to Cisco UC system modifications.
Included SQL Server, Active directory and disaster recovery services
Managed projects across diverse technologies and geographies, ensuring customer satisfaction through effective vendor and resource management.
Trained customers on new and updated systems, emphasizing quality and satisfaction.

Liberty Mutual, Portsmouth, NH Jul 2011 - Jun 2012
Network Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Upgraded and modified a divisional computer/telephone network, ensuring compliance with PCI DSS requirements.
Coordinated internal and external resources, evaluating needs and vulnerabilities for successful network upgrades.
Wrote MOPs for network upgrades, maintaining compliance with PCI requirements and ensuring a smooth transition.

CSC, Inc., locations worldwide Jul 2010 - Jun 2011
Global Project Manager
Responsibilities:
Managed the split of Motorola’s worldwide wired, wireless and video infrastructure into two separate systems, maintaining 100% network availability during cutovers.
Directed resources and efforts in 4 regions, achieving total business continuity and customer satisfaction.
Achieved all project milestones within schedule and budget, contributing to a seamless transition.

Avionics, BAE Systems, Nashua, NH Apr 2009 - Dec 2009
Engineering Assistant
Responsibilities:
Assisted in testing avionic inputs, ensuring data accuracy and adherence to test protocols. Applied analytical approaches to organize data and optimize test adapter storage within the test area.

PowerWave Technologies, Merrimack, NH Jul 2007 - Dec 2008
Sr. Project / Product Manager
Responsibilities:
Planned and managed the development and deployment of large-scale DAS solutions for major cellular providers worldwide.
Defined, built, and led teams across global locations, consistently exceeding customer expectations.
Managed a $50M development budget for a product line generating $500M globally, emphasizing quality and on-time delivery.

Sonus Networks, Westford, MA Aug 2006 - Jun 2007
Lead Support Manager
Responsibilities:
Worked with major global telecommunications and video providers to assess requirements and develop solutions for large-scale deployment issues.
Coordinated cross-functional resources, managed OEM vendors, and led teams in the US & India, ensuring successful project development.

NE/NY, Comcast / Adelphia Communications, Andover, MA
Network Projects Manager Jun 2005 - Aug 2006
Responsibilities:
Planned and spearheaded major network projects, including infrastructure upgrades and merger transitions.
Oversaw budgeting, scheduling, purchasing, engineering, field management, installation, and testing, ensuring infrastructure readiness.
Wrote user manuals and installation guides for wide distribution, emphasizing compliance with new technologies and regulations.

Independent Consultant, Hudson, NH Dec 2003 - Sep 2005
Responsibilities:
Devised methods for testing dark fiber, catering to major tier-1 clients such as AT&T, Comcast, Verizon, and Level 3 Communications.

Flextronics International, Westford, MA Dec 2002 - Dec 2003
Manager, Applications Engineering
Responsibilities:
Managed total P&L for pre- and post-sales support, serving the sales organization and major accounts.
Directed multiple virtual teams, supporting 25 major accounts in diverse industries, ensuring effective applications engineering and customer support.

Lightchip, Inc., Salem, NH Feb 2000 - Apr 2002
Director, Product Support & Documentation
Responsibilities:
Established support functions at a startup, optimizing pre- and post-sales training and support for fiber optic systems and DWDM.
Installed in customer networks including splicing and terminating fiber
Instituted CRM, resulting in $200K annual labor savings while improving customer experience.
Managed worldwide call centers, emphasizing total global quality and customer satisfaction.

Tektronix, Chelmsford, MA Jun 1997 - Feb 2000
Sr. Manager, Applications Engineering & Support
Responsibilities:
Managed worldwide Tier 2 & 3 support for 14 telephony and TV test products, representing $150M in annual sales.
Innovated a highly successful Product Support Lab, creating valuable hands-on training opportunities.
Generated $5.2 million in unplanned revenue by developing a unique customer solution, emphasizing quality and customer satisfaction.
Led spares inventory reduction and maintenance initiatives.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS Project, Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, and various CAD programs.
EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration, Southern New Hampshire University, Salem/Hooksett, NH
B.S., Mechanical Engineering, Wentworth College, Boston, MA
CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management, Network+, CCNA, Windows Server 2003, Satellite Antenna, receiver installation
VOLUNTEER
Knights of Columbus, Assistant Grand Knight
Contact this candidate