Gregory S. Wells – PMO Leader/Program Manager
303-***-**** cell
303-***-**** land
ad86ho@r.postjobfree.com
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Experienced PMO Manager/Project Manager with a strong background in engineering, business and data analysis, technical project management, and team leadership.
I have created and managed 3 PMOs, 3 QA groups, and 6 software development groups.
My background includes small startups, mergers and acquisitions, the federal government and large companies.
Skilled in managing cross-functional teams, integrating technologies, and establishing best practices to enhance program execution across multiple teams and projects.
Experienced in team building, including hiring staff, acquiring external resources and rapid initiation of new teams.
I excel in collaborating with stakeholders to capture and refine requirements, driving project success through user story-driven, test-driven development and data-informed decision-making.
Proficient in SQL, UML, metrics and visualizations, I specialize in transparency, driving process improvements, removing barriers and focusing on outcomes over outputs.
SKILLS
Conflict Resolution, Leadership Requirements & User Story Definition Agile Product Development
Mentoring, Coaching, Teaching Portfolio Intake & Planning Marketing & Sales Support
Project Management (PMBOK) Scrum, SAFe 6.0, Waterfall SDLCs Risk Analysis & Management
Six Sigma (DMAIC) Data & Process Analysis UML & Process Modeling
Troubleshooting, Root Cause Analysis MS Project, Azure, Jira MS Excel, Power BI, Dashboards
DB Design, SQL, Stored Procedures APIs, ETL, Integrations Architecture, Systems Thinking
CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Scrum Master
SAFe 6.0 Agilist
PMP
PE (Licensed Engineer)
WORK EXPERIENCE
December 2022 – November 2023 – IvoryCloud, Rockville, MD
Scrum Master/Project Manager
Successfully lead an external R&D team on a DOE government contract focused on remediating existing system performance issues and met the challenge of improving the system while minimizing any changes made to it, all while DOE teams continued to make modifications to the same system.
Configured and managed the project within MS Azure DevOps with an emphasis on providing increased transparency to the DOE via dashboards and linkages to their own internal projects, which significantly influenced customer trust and a positive outcome.
Supported DOE groups working towards establishing a SAFe-based approach to managing their project portfolio via direct participation in their internal center of excellence working sessions.

December 2021 – December 2022 – RES Americas, Broomfield, CO
Technical Project Manager III
Managed 3 teams as a Technical Project Manager following the companies prescribed waterfall SDLC using MS Project, O365 Tools and ServiceNow, and oversaw one Agile Scrum team collaborating with a Sales Force Vendor through ADO.
Configured the Agile project in ADO, integrating in-house ADO instance with Vendor's management tools as much as practical for semi-automated, data-driven project execution.
Supported build-out of project management center of excellence, including augmenting their prescribed waterfall methodology with some aspects of Agile approaches where appropriate.
Provided training and mentoring in both project management and technical topics including risk management, Scrum, data analysis and SQL.

June 2010 – June 2021 – Office of Information Technology – University of Colorado, Boulder, CO
Associate Director of Development, Project Manager, Business and Technical Analyst
I initially engaged the OIT department as a management consultant and then was converted to an employee to fulfill a functional management role over the PMO, Development, QA, and Business Analyst groups.
Reduced project timelines by creating a PMO framework consisting of selection of best practices and workflow processes for a given project, and the necessary tools, templates, and training to implement them consistently.
Filled the roles of project manager, analyst, implementer and tester on multiple system integrations.
Lead the adoption of more Agile approaches where appropriate, including providing Scrum training to other managers and specific project teams within the organization.

March 2002 – January 2011 - HCIE, LLC - Golden, CO
Technical Management Consultant, Engineer, President
Provided technical management services within software product development primarily focused on creating new departments and companies, “fixing” existing departments or projects, and managing the consolidation of applied technologies and human resources required to support mergers and acquisitions.
Some of the engagements involved leading and managing large Agile projects of multiple teams using approaches currently considered as aspects of SAFe.
Created a PMO structure and Portfolio for one client and transitioned it to a permanent PMO manager.
Also provided mechanical engineering, structural engineering, and site development construction services.

September 2008 – October 2009 - VSS (JV between Caterpillar and Trimble Navigation) - Broomfield, CO
Director of Software Engineering
Expanded the software engineering team from 5 to 40 engineers including some in New Zealand and India and created a six person QA team.
Defined automated workflow processes based on MS Foundation Server to support an Agile product development effort for a widely distributed international team, and managed day-to-day software development activities.
Traveled to India to support the staffing and configuration of a development team augmenting the US development team.
The overall endeavor involved intermixing Agile, Spiral and Waterfall approaches to coordinate implementation across heavy manufacturing, electronic hardware, PCB production, firmware, and application software development. The project resulted in a successful new product line of construction management applications and GPS enabled equipment.

November 2000 – June 2002 – NAREX – Genesee, CO
Director of Software Engineering
Managed Engineers and the QA team focused on developing AI models for credit scoring.
Lead development team in making AI models more reusable across different customers requiring less customization and delivery time per customer.
Improved alignment between development team and customer representatives.

March 2000 – July 2000 – NetLibrary – Boulder, CO
VP of Engineering
Assisted company in changing fundamental business model to B2B.
Lead integration with Amazon backend DRM and fulfillment systems.

November 1997 – March 2000 – Global Commerce Systems – Boulder, CO
Director of Software Engineering, Principal Engineer
Functioned as the main liaison between business groups and technical groups.
Primary contributor to the Product and Business Development plans.
Designed components of distributed software solutions.

Additional professional experience available upon request.
EDUCATION
Michigan Technological University - Houghton, MI
Bachelor of Sciences in Mechanical Engineering and Biological Science, focused on Biomedical Engineering.
Significant research and experimentation with a focus on biomechanical design.
Won a national ASME award for designing mechanical components for a prosthetic hand.
Acquired knowledge in computer aided design and modeling.
Taught design lab courses and graded course work.
Contact this candidate