Stan Ruiter
**** ****** ****
Amarillo Texas
***24
360-***-****
ad86c4@r.postjobfree.com
ad86c4@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Senior Project Manager with more than 25 years of management and engineering experience More than 20 years splicing and construction experience seeks Outside Plant Operations Director, Project Management, Construction Management, or similar position.
Exemplary performance record with world-class employers and clients including Verizon, Windstream, CenturyTel, PacBell, AT&T, and Lockheed Martin, NTS.
Skills include project governance and Customer delivery, project administration from design and coordination to completion, contractor selection and contract negotiations and supervision of the contractors,GIS Mapping, budget management, and staff management and evaluation.
Excellent communication, problem-solving, and management skills, completes projects April on time and within budget while maintaining strong team morale and building excellent client relationships.

April 2024 to August 2024, OSP Engineer Startech Networks Eield and engineer last mile fiber for AT&T.
March 2023 to April 2024 I took a year off to build Three buildings on my Property..
August 2022 to 03/21/2023 Sparity Consulting For Lumen Fiber Network Implementation manager / project governance and Customer delivery Project Coordination manager Albuquerque N M. Manage the Fiber Builds On a day to day process. Manage the material and construction and oversee the contract work force Document and as built the fiber builds.
.
Feb 2020 to August 2022 Wisemen Consulting CenterPoint Energy Houston Tx, inspector/Project Manager Electric transmission lines, towers and substations. Projects were given out by managers to each of us and we were task to research the project end to end. Develop a plan the project, check the availability of the materials and order all the materials and a schedule the contractors or company personnel to complete the work. Oversee the project from start to completion recording the daily progress and maintaining of materials used. I would order all Materials work wire, Insulators and hardware needed for each project. For mono poles and foundations, I would allow the contractors to order and schedule the concrete. I would order the steel rebar and the bolt cages. For rehab projects I would order the signs or replacement lattice work or what else was needed for the project. For foundation removal I would schedule the contractors to complete the removal and restoration of the foundations and the right of way. I also oversaw the ACC fiber installation from substation Control House to substation Control house. I oversaw and managed new build projects, the largest being 270 Latice structures The Zenith substation in the east to Cypress in the west. I oversaw the rebuild and rehab of several substations Such as Manvel to Alvin I also was Task with the safety of the projects.
Dec 2018 to 12-2019, eTeam Inc. for Cox Communications OSP Planner / Project manager Dodge City Ks Planning fiber and coax routes to customer sites.
March 2018 to October 2018, OSP. Project Manager / Construction manager, GW Communications Solutions for AT&T. Set up new office in Amarillo Tx hired staff and over saw the daily operations of AT&T fiber placement for project Light Speed. Hired and managed aerial in house line crews and aerial and buried subcontract crews.
July 2017 to February 2018, retired. Could not stand it!
February 2017 to July 2017: CHR Solutions Senior OSP Design Engineer Project manager for Centurylink. Vectoring and Structure loading slot one clearing, EDP’S. NDS Certified Adtran and Centurylink. Programs used included Bid Master, Fireworks, NDS, Forte and JDS.

July 2016 to February 2017: OSP Design Engineering Project Manager CHC Consulting for AT&T. Business as usual engineering for AT&T Missouri, Arkansas, Kansas and Texas. Design and layout outside plant for new builds, existing plant rehab and growth

January 2015 to July 2016RW Communications OSP Engineering Carlsbad and project governance and Customer deliveryE New Mexico BAU Engineering. Direct contract engineers on daily assignments, design projects and place into Windstream’s Job Trac program Manager. Meet with Customers to identify problems or projects and resolve them.
April 2014 to January 2015 design engineering project governance and Customer delivery Project Manager OSP GW Comm for AT&T. Amarillo Texas Design fiber routes for AT&T and Windstream. DLC cutovers and building entrance design.
April 2013-March 2014 design engineer Project Manager, ID Consulting For NTS Amarillo and Abilene Texas. Design fiber routes for construction and permitting for NTS fiber project. Mapping routes utilizing Google Earth and GIS Maps. Manage the overall project.
March 2013 – March 3013 - Manage Project OSP Design Engineer ACRS Vinita CO-OP Oklahoma Stake and design FTTH backbone, and laterals for Rural Electric Co-op.
July 2012- December 2012 OSPM design Engineer Engineering Manager Associates for Verizon, Sherwood Oregon, routine BAU Century link, Bid Master/Fireworks for work orders, Fiber to the cell,RT sites and any and all project handed down by Century Link

Jan 2012 to July 2012 Project Engineer TE Connectivity for Windsteam West Virginia, Ohio, and Pennsylvania. project governance and Customer delivery Manage the Design and build out of fiber to the cell. Verify and GPS backbone and laterals utilizing Google Earth and Delorme Mapping for GIS mapping of routes and way points Managed and Scheduled crews and materials for the project.
Design and build GIS maps for routes and splice points verify all slack loops and document on GIS maps using ARC GIS, Oversee all construction and inspector personnel for quality and safety issues.Supervise the construction and installation of all cabinets and electronics. Supervise all splicing and scheduling of equipment placing Attend biweekly progress meetings update Windstream. For recommendations, please call Bo Slawson at 770-***-**** or 678-***-****

April 2011 to December 2011, Project governance and Customer delivery, Design OSP Project Engineer And coordinator Manager for AT&T Huntsville Alabama On premise OSP engineer AT&T. Take field notes, design fiber and copper distribution routes with BSTCAD( Microstation). Design VRAD applications Design replacement cable routes for storm damage or growth. Design fiber routes to cell sites both aerial and unproject governance and Customer deliveryderground to provide fiber at the cell site.Design GPON networks for Greenfield applications and FTTN for Brownfield applications. Resolve out of net problems and provide solutions for new service orders where no service exists.

November 2010 April 2011. QA/QC Project Manager, CONUS Hyperion for the DOD. Lead quality control engineer fiber project across the US and overseas Hyperion Inc. Dispatch and supervise QA engineers for Brac and other projects for the US Army worldwide. Make sure projects were covered at all times. Insure daily and weekly meetings and reports were attended to.

July 2010 to October 2010 Signal Solutions for the DODprincipal engineer design and oversee the construction of network cable routes fiber and copper.Document and archive.

February 2009 Jtouly 2010. Shifflette and Associates for AT&T Bend Ore. Coordinate the design and Installation and implementation of radios and other equipment at cell sites. Do all the testing on CCU”S. Install and test Batteries turn up sites and do final inspection. .Spokane design back haul fiber to forty two cell sites get all right of way information and get all permit information and drawings get permits from the various city county state railroads etcetera.

August 2008 to Febuary2009-Schifflette Joint Partners Design engineer fot AT&T, New York, New York design FTTP building entrances and ISP for MDU’S for references call Joe C Stewart IV 951-***-****.

March 2008 – August 2008 OSP Project governance and Customer delivery,Planning Engineer Qwest Communications Albuquerque N.M.
Research and implement solution to ongoing need for infrastructure and electronics for VRAD. For references and recommendations please call Rodney d. Lewin Manager of planning and engineering New Mexico 505-***-****

Aug 2007 March 2008 design /Coordinator for route engineering Time Warner Telecom, Albuquerque M N. Engineer and design route extensions and building entrance cables. Oversee construction by contractors and Time Warner personnel. Interface with customers to resolve conflicts and reassure clients.Design FTTN solutions for overlay of existing subdivisions and TFFH for new (or greenfield subdivisions)

May 2007 ARES training Fresno Ca

January2007to April 2007 route engineer AT&T Riverside Ca.

August 2005 to December 2006 OSP Design Engineer /Project governance and Customer delivery coordinator on premise for Verizon Ca. In charge of two ACOS, San Jacinto and Valle Vista for all OSP design and build also all Dor’s (delayed service orders request). Design FTTH for new subdivisions (greenfield) and overlay on existing (brownfield) subdivisions.

May 2004-July 2005 Amerris for Verizon FTTP Riverside Ca. Project governance and Customer delivery, senior design engineer for Verizon Ca. perform field verification and detail engineering for the FTTP program. Project coordinator For project builds.
.
January 2004-May 2004 Cendera Technology Design Engineer Verizon fiber to the home Santa Monica Ca. Provide field verification and design feeder routes for the FTTP project

May 2003-November 2003 Nationwide Engineering project manager San Francisco bay area. Manage a team often to twelve OSP Engineers on Comm Cast Projects. Design solutions for MDU’s
June 2002 to March 2003Construction Manager / Project Engineer Lockheed Martin, Hawaii
For DOD
Assess, design, and manage construction of new screening and monitoring areas at various airports as part of Transportation Security Administration Strategic Airport Security Rollout (TSA-SASR) Project.
Project Manager
Jan. 2002 – June 2002
Perot Systems, Napa, CA
Audited and mapped existing infrastructure for the replacement and upgrade of a large hospital’s switch and IT system, completed product on time and under budget.
Site Manager March 2001
Site Manager nov 2000 toMarch 2001
Teletech Plus, Inc., Fallon, NV
As server farm project site manager / OSP/ISP engineer I supervised and oversaw the server farm construction and fiber optic cabling, racking, and installation of RICS and L700 Storage Tech Units. Design and build ISO routes and implement the roll over from the legacy net to the NMIC net. I met with Navy, Marine Corps and General Dynamics Supervisors and other contractors on a daily basis to map out and strategize daily operations. I managed and coordinated logistics and supply. I supervised Teletech Plus and other contractors in the installation of computer floors and all components of the server farm and supervised a 24-person OSP engineering staff. Worked closely with site transition and distribution manager to overcome many project challenges. Managed the installation of straight shot osp fiber network. I managed the installation of hubs and all isp cable routes,cable trays and cable fiber terminals. I have letters of recommendations for this project.

Westshares, Inc., Millbrae, CA
Special Project Engineer RCN Provide detailed field notes and design cable routes for distribution to the customer, along with building entrance cables and hubs.
OSP / Project / Design Engineer July 1999 – Nov. 2000
AT&T Local Services, Oakland, CA
Supervised multiple and concurrent fiber optic network construction projects. Supervised and trained engineers and fiber splicers’ office staff of eleven. Engineered San Francisco International Airport sonnet ring (56 miles). Prepared bid documents, secured bids, and oversaw construction of project, including the splicing of fiber and fiber tie-ins, supervised turn-up and prepared completion documents. Held weekly update meetings with Airport commission, Contractors, and AT&T counterparts.
Senior Design Engineer, Quality Control Jan. 1999 – July 1999
Parsons Brinkerhoff (Aerotek), Livermore, CA
Prepared field drawings for permitting railway crossings, Cal Trans crossings, aqua ducts, wetlands, and navigable waterways, evaluating and referencing GPS data and field drawings. Completed all routes.
Senior Design Engineer Aug. 1998 – Jan. 1999
BHC Engineering, Inc.
Engineered and designed routes from El Paso, TX to Yuma, AZ, Phoenix, AZ to Tucson, AZ,
Sacramento supervised four crews of three surveyors each.
Construction Manager Jan. 1998 – Aug. 1998
Bell Atlantic, San Jose, CA
Supervised contract splicers and linemen on Pac Bell T&E contracts managing crews of 30-40 and a sub-contract company with 24 employees. Coordinated scheduling with Pac Bell supervisors.
Splicer / Splicing Supervisor Feb. 1995 – Oct. 1996
Volt Telecom, Millbrae, CA.
Promoted to supervisor within two months of hire.Oversaw and dispatched 20-30 splicers. Prepared as builds and completion reports.
Partner / Vice President Oct. 1993 – Dec. 1994
CSR Cable Construction & Eng., Santa Cruz, CA
Managed all estimating and construction for Pac Bell and GTE contracts.
Manager / Estimator Nov. 1992 – Aug. 1993
Primetime Cable Construction Operations, Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Expanded service offerings by securing Pac Bell contracts in Southern and Northern California. Managed 30-50 splicers and linemen. Estimated all bids, maintained a good rapport with client representatives, conducted routine field walks, and prepared completion reports.
Operations Manager / Estimator Apr. 1991 – Nov. 1992
Macco Construction & Communications, Southern California
Managed force of 50-60 splicers and linemen. Estimated 1991
Butler Communications, Santa Rosa, CA managed a force of six maintenance splicers and twenty construction splicers.
Maintenance and Construction Supervisor / Splicer / Splicing Foreman Feb. 1981 – Dec. 1988
ATU, Anchorage, Alaska
Previous experience includes:
OSP Supervisor, VITELCO, Saint Croix, US Virgin Islands
Operations Manager/Splicing Supervisor, GTE, Beaverton, OR
United States Army six years with an honorable discharge. SGT-E5 Top Secret Crypto clearance.
EDUCATION / TRAINING
Project Management Certification Program, Villanova University – Currently enrolled
Fundamental Engineering and Management, GTE, two years
Electronic Engineering and Drafting, Clark College, Vancouver, WA, two years no degree
GPS Level 3, Vo Carta, Walnut Creek, CA
Numerous one- and two-day Safety and Product short courses
Software skills include:
Microsoft Windows NT, Microsoft Office, CAD 2006,Ciena and various network Equipment and fiber optic installation, ARC GIS, 3 GIS and Visio 2007,auto cad 2008, ICGS,RAMS,Google Earth, Lotus Notes, IDDS AAIS and other Verizon programs AT&T OSP-FM, BST Cad,MS Project. NDS, Forte fireworks, Bid master and all Lumen Engineering programs.
Contact this candidate