Jesse Soto
Covina, CA *****
562-***-****
ad862q@r.postjobfree.com

Objective: Seeking a position with a progressive company that offers challenge, and where I can utilize strong communication and interpersonal skills while providing exceptional customer service to the client.

Summary: Sales / Project Manager with background in Customer Service serving the Trade Show & Events Industry.

Experienced in accurately taking and relaying customer orders, ensuring customer satisfaction, and help to sustain customer retention and loyalty.
Success in working within collaborative environments to drive business and sales goals with the ability to work with leadership to optimize workflows and operations.

Highlights:

Account Executive
Sales Manager
Project Manager
Customer Service Manager
Client Retention
Team Collaboration
Interpersonal Communication

Skills:

Microsoft Word
Excel
Power Point
Fluent in Spanish: Reading & Writing

Experience:

Account Coordinator / CSR
April 2023 – February 2024

CONVENTION ELECTRIC, Inc

Generate electrical orders for exhibitors in the trade show industry.
Coordinate with electricians & other departments for correct power distribution.
Correspond with clients to discuss electrical power needs to ensure accurate power distribution to their exhibiting booth.
Negotiate electrical power needs to ensure client would be within budget.
Record & maintain record of incoming revenue (cash / checks) and prepare bank deposits.

Call Center Agent – BCBS
November 2022 – April 2023

ALTA RESOURCES – Brea, CA

Obtain client information by answering telephone calls, interviewing clients, verifying information.
Determine eligibility by comparing client information to requirements .
Inform clients by explaining procedures, answering questions.
Maintain and improve quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines, recommending improved procedures.

Call Center Agent - POLYWOOD February 2019 – November 2022

ALTA ESOURCES – Brea, CA

Obtain client information by answering telephone calls, interviewing clients, verifying information.
Determine eligibility by comparing client information to requirements .
Inform clients by explaining procedures, answering questions.
Maintain and improve quality results by adhering to standards and guidelines, recommending improved procedures.

Senior Account Services Manager January 2018 – July 2018

EDLEN ELECTRICAL SERVICES – Placentia, CA

Generate electrical orders for exhibitors in the trade show industry.
Coordinate with electricians & other departments for correct power distribution.
Correspond with clients to discuss electrical power needs to ensure accurate power distribution to their exhibiting booth.
Negotiate electrical power needs to ensure client would be within budget.
Record & maintain record of incoming revenue (cash / checks) and prepare bank deposits.

Custom Exhibits Sales / Rentals March 2013 – December 2017

Blaine Event Services – Brea, CA

Generated and optimized leads through creative marketing and advanced prospecting, resulting in sales and revenue optimization.
Rental / Sales of Custom & Modular Exhibits with Special Design.
Establish solid client relationships with general service contractors, exhibitor appointed contractors, exhibit design and display houses, installation and dismantle companies, exhibitors, event producers as well as supplier partners and vendors to ensure that everyone involved has a vested interest in each other’s success.
Client Retention through multiple year contracts.

Customer Service / Exhibitor Services Coordinator June 2002 – March 2013

Blaine Event Services – Buena Park, CA / Brea, CA

Provided administrative support to operations management, including transaction and order processing, event planning, logistics coordination and file maintenance.
Bolstered communication skills and flourished as a direct point of contact via e-mail for external vendors and partners.
Unwavering commitment to Customer Service, with the ability to build productive relationships and resolving complex issues to win customer loyalty.
Cross trained over two different divisions as to assist when needed

Education

El Rancho High School Pico Rivera, CA / Graduated: Diploma

Rio Hondo College Whittier, CA / Completed: Two Semesters

International School of Ministry Glendora, CA / Graduated: AA Degree
Contact this candidate