Project Management Experience:
Managed numerous commercial and residential construction projects, as well as some industrial ones. This has required part of, or the entire spectrum of what is required from the bid process to project completion over the duration of my work experience. This may include writing bids, sales, the permit process, dealing with building authorities, to coordinating and engaging various parties, through project implementation and completion. Any work that has been done has always been done with a keen eye to details, active cost tracking, budget and timeline management, as well as risk tracking. Included with every project is a plan in place to mitigate those risks as required.
Preparation of Bid/RFP Proposals:
Prepared Bid/RFP proposals for a variety of project types for commercial and industrial projects with a variety of businesses. This was done on behalf of my business or for clients seeking business from a given source. Budget Preparation: Developing the initial budget, maintaining active cost tracking, managing change orders and communication with the stakeholders as necessary. Ensuring prompt payment of sub trades, contractors and vendors.
Maintenance of Project Timelines:
Communicating with the relevant parties as to the timeline expected, and any changes that may occur as a result of complications. Organizing, sub trades accordingly. Development of Risk Tracking Protocols:
Development of a risk tracking protocol for a given project, along with a risk mitigation plan. Active Project Management:
Onsite and ongoing monitoring of project progression. Addressing any onsite issues such as the progression of a given trade, in order to coordinate the next trade involved. Meeting with architects, clients and building authorities. Communication with relevant parties as to the progression of a project. Addressing quality control issues that may affect project progression and compliance with relevant codes. A dedicated and reliable individual with extensive project management experience in the commercial and residential construction industries. Demonstrated proficiency in project management practices from the bid/estimation process, through contract negotiations, and project implementation and completion. A skilled communicator able to liaise with and organize stakeholders, vendors, sub trades, suppliers and building authorities. Detail oriented and efficient with a keen eye toward towards active cost management and risk tracking and mitigation. Direct knowledge of construction methods, reading architectural drawings and building codes. I feel that this combination of skills and knowledge would prove an asset to your company. Sicon General Contracting Services LTD
General Contractor/Project Manager
SUMMARY
1601 Parker Avenue, Regina, SK S4S 4R9
Phone: 306-***-**** Email: ad86p0@r.postjobfree.com Simon Moritz
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
1990 to Present
Skills Possessed:
Ability to Read Technical Drawings:
This includes architectural, electrical, mechanical, plumbing and structural steel plans. Able to interpret shop drawings and requirements for various pieces of equipment that may be required for the project in an industrial or equipment installation project.
Fostering a Safety Conscious Working Environment:
Including safety meetings, and ensuring that all personnel on site are compliant with WCB, occupational health and safety, as well as certification requirements. Ongoing communication regarding concerns and adherence to safety procedures.
Onter Construction Inc.: Toronto, ON
Managed the construction of 6 dental clinics in the greater Toronto area from open units through project completion. Projects of this nature are atypically complex in terms of plumbing, electrical and HVAC, as well as radiation shielding for X-ray suites. A variety of contractors specializing in projects of this nature were sourced, and the projects were completed in a timely fashion, and budgetarily within range. Approximate Project Budgets:Ranged from $1.375 million to $6.5 million. Bessai farms: Southey, SK
Managed the installation of industrial electrical service to the property, as well as the installation of the electrical system for the farm itself. This included power and fixtures from the meter to the main shop, grain dryers, as well as a future proposed house.
Managed the construction of the foundation, septic system, water well and in ground drain system for a future proposed home of the property.
Managed a complete home renovation for the owner’s present home in Regina. This included the removal and installation of new house drains as well as foundation repair. This also involved the renovation of the bathrooms, kitchen and basement.
Approximate Project Budgets: Ranged from $84 thousand through $150 thousand. Brookfield Properties Inc.: Toronto, ON
Brookfield properties is an international real estate development and property management firm. Work was done on properties in the greater Toronto area.
Managed numerous commercial construction projects as well as some more industrial in the greater Toronto area. These projects included major building renovations, through reconstruction of concrete installations, grounds/hard scape/structure replacement, interior lobby and staircase construction. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE - CONTINUED
1601 Parker Avenue, Regina, SK S4S 4R9
Phone: 306-***-**** Email: ad86p0@r.postjobfree.com Simon Moritz
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Managed the repair and refurbishment of an underground parking garage. This included significant repairs to the concrete structure as well as the replacement of the moisture barrier on top and an expansion joint. Replacement of hardscape was completed upon completion of repairs. Managed the removal and re-installation of the garage on ramp electrical heating array, as well as the related electrical upgrades necessary to complete the project. Approximate Project Budgets: Ranged from $75 thousand through 1.6 Million. More examples of accomplishments/projects completed are available upon request. 1601 Parker Avenue, Regina, SK S4S 4R9
Phone: 306-***-**** Email: ad86p0@r.postjobfree.com Simon Moritz
ACCOMPLISHMENTS - CONTINUED
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts-Psychology
Queen’s University at Kingston
Proficient is Microsoft Office Suite -Word, Powerpoint, Excel and Outlook. Experience with MS Project
Various safety courses including WHMIS, First Aid and CPR and Fall Protection/Working at Heights. Currently working toward PMP designation.
REFERENCE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST.
Contact this candidate