Jeremy A. Bloms
612-***-**** ad860r@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/jeremybloms

PROGRAM MANAGER

Resourceful, dynamic program manager with over seven years of project management experience in the financial service industry. Experienced program manager with extensive technical experience that leverages collaboration and leadership to understand how different projects interlink within the program. Proven ability to identify, prioritize, manage, and track projects aligned with business objectives. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to lead projects from inception to execution. Led and trained high-performing product teams. Skilled at managing multiple priorities and meeting deadlines in rapidly changing environments. Known for implementing initiatives that enhance efficiency, reduce risk, and achieve organizational goals.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Project Management Program Manager Scrum Master Product Owner Collaboration Skills Metrics and Analytics Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Process Improvements Confluence Reporting
Project Tracking and Reporting Creative Problem Solving Communications and Status Reporting Workshop Facilitation Issue and Risk Management Quality Control Relationship Building Mentoring Business and Technical Writing Adhoc reporting Confluence reporting Maintaining JIRA for programs Maintaining Microsoft Dynamics CRM SAP Materials Management Experienced in Scrum/Agile approach Project Financials (including Forecasting and Analysis) for Senior Management MS Project 365 MS Access MS Project and Workbench Process Improvement Document Management Tools Clarity Project Central Axosoft Jira/Confluence Tableau ERP

EXPERIENCE

Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension, St. Paul, MN, Feb 2024 – Current
Project Manager Planner Manager – Contract Consultant
Lead diverse teams in planning, scheduling, and issue resolution on complex technology projects within the BCA.
Managing information security/infrastructure for the IAM project, including technical implementations, vendor selection, and tool selection.
Proven ability to communicate effectively verbally or in writing, facilitating a mutual understanding of the business and Technology.
Customer service skills that include active listening, empathy, and problem-solving ability within ABIS MFA project within the BCA.
Demonstrated project management experience working with the CJIS System Agency Information Security Officer for the BCA and the state of Minnesota on IAM Project environment with strict regulatory, security, and compliance requirements such as Law Enforcement or Criminal Justice systems.
Proven the ability to ensure quality and consistency across multiple projects using project planning, scheduling, scope, risk management, status reporting, change control, and issues resolution.
Demonstrated ability to work with a diverse team on the IAM project to resolve interpersonal conflict, motivate team members, and develop them.
Project management experience working in an environment with strict regulatory, security, and compliance requirements, such as Law Enforcement or Criminal Justice systems.

Wells Fargo & Co., Minneapolis, MN, August 2022 – October 2023
Agile Program Manager Release Manager
I led Scrum Teams on the process flow for submitting items through the project lifecycle in the Compensation Program. I eliminated 80% of all emergencies and expedited release within 3 months.
Led cross-virtual team to plan and execute agile strategies, delivering the best product for the business.
Developed and established a new agile process by coaching and cross-training across the product to eliminate expedited and emergency releases by 80%.
Tailored agile approach to the organization’s culture and designed best-practice solutions that leveraged product and industry knowledge as directed by business requirements.
Collaborated with product owner and business to refine backlog items, increasing product effectiveness by 50%.
Demonstrated achievements in project leadership, including planning, directing, and implementing complex projects on time, within budget, and with desired functionality within the Compensation Team.
Tracked and monitored control processes and workflows, including action items and change requests, throughout the project lifecycle within Wells Fargo's agile registry.
Experienced managing technical project budgets, RFPs, contracts, and vendors within the IAM Project within Vendor selection
Worked with the Product Owner, technology business, and product partners across the organization on customer journeys, use cases, and holistic end-to-end process flows to create a delightful, frictionless, cohesive, and consistent user experience in a newly implemented single-user interface within the Wells Fargo Mobile Trading application.
Santander Bank, Boston, MA, February 2022 – August 2022
Agile Project Manager Scrum Master – Contract Consultant – Remote
Delivered and implemented Digital Wallets for Android and iPhone users who use Visa/Mastercard credit cards.
Revised Documentation for the Project in EPMO to reduce paperwork in accordance with Santander methodology.
Created product documentary SharePoint site for all product documentation and organized it by wave.
Developed strategy and architecture for clients in alignment with business plans to deliver Digital Wallets.
Captured stakeholder feedback and ensured daily updates of project backlogs to deliver value to the business.
Monitored control processes and workflows, including action items, issues, risks, and change requests.
Provided active listening, empathy, and problem-solving ability to deliver and refine requirements within the Digital Wallets group within Santander Bank.

Allianz Life Insurance, Golden Valley, MN, February 2021 – February 2022
Portfolio Analyst System Analyst – Contract Consultant
Streamlined project setup within the PMO Group by setting up automated process flow. Assisted in documenting requirements and defining scope and objectives for setting standards on new project requirements within the PMO.
Developed and maintained portfolio estimates, processes, and procedures. Managed exception alerts and monitored resulting project statuses.
Prepared release documents on software installations for system upgrades.
Aided in developing solutions using software tool and establishing metrics and analysis for Senior Leadership.
Analyzed business and data with resource reporting to support short-term and long-term portfolio activities.
Automated ServiceNow Tickets for new project set-up requests by developing an automated process flow.

Wells Fargo & Co., Minneapolis, MN, May 2019 – December 2020
Technical Project Manager Scrum Master – Contract Consultant
Built and led a cross-functional ERP selection team within the Product Area. Delivered high-value products to the Business in a newly defined process within Wells Fargo and led product group in Agile Transformation.
Consulted with business partners to clarify and define project requirements, including statement of work.
Managed PCI DSS Update projects that accepted, transmitted, or stored cardholder data.
Supported Wells Fargo client’s ongoing security and compliance efforts by applying PCI Standards.
Led discussions with customers and leaders to understand campaign needs, identify changes, and find opportunities for improvement within the member outreach process.

Wells Fargo & Co., Minneapolis, MN, April 2018 – November 2018
Business Project Manager - Contract Consultant
Consulted with internal clients to identify, define, and implement complex business requirements to translate business needs into solutions in 2 large and complex custom software packages.
Consulted with business partners to clarify and define project requirements, including a statement of work and experience using ERP and SDLC Deliveries.
Ensured risk associated with business was effectively identified, monitored, and controlled in EPM Software.
Partnered with Development and Implementation Project Managers to update PMUWS and SharePoint sites.
Oversaw budgeting and forecasting, expense reporting, risk management, status reporting, and execution.
Developed strategy and architecture for clients in alignment with business plans.
Delivered and developed customized business solutions that met business requirements.

API Construction, New Brighton, MN, October 2017 – March 2018
Control Analysis Coordinator Agile – Contract Consultant
Oversaw automation of manual queries and reporting to reduce overhead while increasing efficiency and accuracy of reporting as part of the PMO Team with implementing new CRM software across the organization.
Designed and distributed visibility CRM related to the high visibility loss mitigation and OCC Consent Order VII project. By reporting to PMO Group from AXOSOFT, I provided timely updates on the program.
Managed program forecasting for Microsoft Dynamics CRM Project.
Tracked and monitored control processes and workflows, including action items, issues, risks, and change requests on the Consolidated List.
Created and maintained a backlog of features, epics, and stories to guide Salesforce configuration, customization, and integration.
Managed Project Issues and risks, able to capture issues/risks when identified by the team and facilitate the next steps to reduce or eliminate them.
Captured Stakeholder feedback and ensured the project backlogs were updated daily for project team.
Provided strong project management experience across varying technologies within the organization across the complete spectrum of IT systems, solutions, and processes to support and enhance foundational infrastructure, services, systems, and enterprise software applications with CRM integration.

Wells Fargo & Co., Minneapolis, MN, April 2016 – October 2017
Technical Project Manager Scrum Master - Contract Consultant
Leveraged the Scrum hybrid approach to leverage the Scrum Framework to deliver scalable and sustainable delivery to the iHub consumers with 100% delivery rate with no issues across the product.
Provided strong understanding to other WF team members in the integration/implementation of programs/initiatives/services with cross-functional business partners, recognizing the significance of competing projects and strategies and adjusting as necessary.
Rapidly developed business solutions by understanding business needs and applying them to new processes within the project to drive solutions for stronger controls or to support risk and regulatory compliance-related intuition across the portfolio.
Experienced managing project budgets, finances, contracts and vendors within the Compensation product within the WIM team at Wells Fargo.
Documented Scrum Key Value Metrics on how the team delivers business value through a hybrid approach.
Actively sought out new technology processes using the JIRA/Confluence reporting system to deploy business solutions, understanding business needs and applying that framework for delivery and implementation.
Managed multiple products with Scrum and Kanban software development and technical teams within the compensation product group.
Demonstrated project milestones, including planning, directing, and implementing complex projects on time, within budget, and meeting all requirements.

Cargill, Hopkins, MN June 2015 – February 2016
Project Manager/Program Coordinator – Contract Consultant
Provided reporting and analytics solutions to meet the needs of the FMS Portfolio. Implemented and Coordinated FMS project upgrades, custom implantation, and new implementation for Cargill Customers.
Managed Development Teams and Implementation Project Managers to update dashboards in Microsoft Dynamics CRM and on the SharePoint site, increasing reporting efficiency by 80%.
Owned and managed the engineering roadmap and worked with business partners to define use cases and develop technical requirements for executing the business vision.
Developed and maintained new project estimates processes and procedures and managed exception alerts as they occurred, including monitoring of resulting project statuses.
Demonstrated excellent verbal and written communication skills across all aspects of the program statuses.
Provided assistance in developing solutions using the Microsoft CRM tool and establishing metrics and analysis for the Sales team on future customers.
Delivered effective communication that facilitated a mutual understanding of project status between the technology and business.

Ameriprise Financial, Minneapolis, MN January 2015 – June 2015
Program Coordinator - Contract Consultant
Consulted with internal clients to identify, define, and implement complex business requirements, translating business needs into 2 programs and developing reporting software to track across the PMO.
Coordinated with Release Manager for Cross Commit Projects to ensure timely monthly releases.
Revised forecasts with Project Managers and Directors to manage Interactive Marketing Resources in the Program.
Implemented a new Program SharePoint Site to monitor program documents and deliverables.
Managed stakeholder expectations and informed the team of project issues using Tableau to provide updates.
Implemented new automation enhancements to the Dashboard and Resource procedure to ensure accurate reporting for Senior Leadership.
Translated business product strategy needs into action items for engineering teams to streamline the process and eliminate the need for weekly meetings.

Wells Fargo & Co., Minneapolis, MN June 2013 – November 2014
Project Coordinator / Business Analysis – Contract Consultant
Designed 20+ automated reports to provide senior leadership with accurate information across the portfolio. Helped Program Manager with agile transformation and forecasting across the program.
Managed project forecasting in Microsoft Project and Stamp to have an overall project variance of less than 7.5 % and be $500,000 below budget.
Communicated between the Business Analyst and Project Team to make sure test requirements were documented.
Documented all Project Variances for review to the Program Manager and Project Sponsor.
Collaborated with lines of business and technology stakeholders to define initiatives and prioritize them into a roadmap that balances client customizations and market demands.
Coordinated with key project team members to develop tests, budgets, contingency, and implementation plans. Plans were used by management to report to the project sponsor.
Balanced competing technical development priorities that allow for new development, maintenance of current system capabilities, bug fixes, and technical debt.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

United Health Group., Minneapolis, MN Jan 2013 – May 2013
Project Manager HEDIS– Business Analysis-Consultant
Verisk/Mediconnect, Health Software., Minneapolis, MN Sept 2012 - Dec 2012
Project Manager - Consultant
Wells Fargo & Co., Minneapolis, MN Feb 2012 - July 2012
Sr. Business Process Analyst 3 - Consultant
Lifetouch, Inc., Eden Prairie, MN Oct 2005 - Jan 2012
Business Analyst / Project Manager / Project Coordinator

EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Bachelor of Arts (B.A) in Business Management, Minor in MIS, Augsburg College, Minneapolis, MN
Mini Master’s Degree in Project Management, University of St. Thomas, Minneapolis, MN
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) through PMI
PSM1 Scrum Certification through Scrum.org
Contact this candidate