Joseph P. Trujillo
**** *. ********* **. ******, AR 72758 US
214-***-**** ad87g4@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

Competent and performance-driven professional with exceptional procedural skills and a passion for resolving complex problems through innovative solutions. High-level aptitude in administration, process implementation, and project management. Over 22 years of combined professional experience in operations, communications, manufacturing, and workforce training, with proven leadership abilities in managing diverse workgroups.

Education & Certification

M.S. Adult, Occupational, & Continuing Education (2013) – Kansas State University
B.S. Workforce Education & Development (2012) – Southern Illinois University
T.C. Business Management – Entrepreneurship (2023) – Northwest Arkansas Community College
T.C. Business Management – General Business (2016) – Northwest Arkansas Community College
LEAN/ACE Associate Certification (2016) – United Technologies Corporation
AS9100 Internal Auditor Certification (2017) – Gladhill Associates International

Abilities

Strong familiarity with government, federal and corporate organizational structures, capable of completing numerous duties related to management while ensuring proper dissemination of company productivity.
In-depth knowledge of organizational leadership, proficiency in performing needs assessments, examining procedures/processes, and gathering appropriate data to measure efficiency.
Employ strategic thinking and management with individual and collaborative environments, able to contribute/facilitate to a group of professionals and the mentoring of junior personnel.

Employment History

Corporate Project Manager
08/2022 – Present: America’s Car-Mart

Responsible for managing business projects across cross-functional teams and ensuring planning and progress of project is progressing in a timely manner, while involving all business partners and departments.
Collect project information including scope, specific deliverables, and related quality objectives in collaboration with the Business Leaders.
Communicate project status and performance to executive leadership.
Monitor project progress to ensure adherence with contractual agreements.
Collect required data inputs and make requests for information as needed, from necessary parties to complete analysis.
Assure project plan and design documentation and reporting are accurately maintained.
Collaborate with all functional areas of the business by assisting with analysis and identifying opportunities to improve profitability.
Manages the execution of standard processes by providing guidance and expertise on company policies and procedures.
Build and manage the project schedule, defining the critical path, tracking activities to ensure functional team members are meeting agreed upon deadlines and generating status reports.
Responsible for the development of what-if/scenario analysis and projections to evaluate various business scenarios.
Attend kick-off meetings, weekly project reviews, post launch reviews and other timeline-related discussions, as needed. Prepare agendas, take notes on key follow-ups and actions required, develop timelines and status trackers, and other deliverables as necessary.
Develop communication plan in conjunction with Communications team to inform all parties of upcoming projects or changes.
Develop operational reporting tools to monitor, analyze and drive the growth of the business.
Independent Business Consultant
05/2020 – Present: Skylark Enterprises (DBA) – Rogers, AR

Assess and reform business operations, provide expert guidance, and implement projects. General responsibilities include reviewing and analyzing different aspects of the business, compiling data and reports, presenting recommendations, and guiding the implementation of new projects.
Determining business needs and identifying weaknesses.
Assessing and analyzing business practices and procedures.
Compiling and presenting research findings and recommendations.
Developing detailed project plans to drive changes and improvements.
Organizing and managing business projects.
Tracking and assessing the effectiveness of projects.

Sr. Program Manager
11/2019 – 5/2020: Keytronic, Inc. – Fayetteville, AR

Built and maintained client relations. Expanded revenue base by generating orders and revenue forecasts. Managed multiple customer accounts by coordinating cross-functional resources, purchasing, engineering, planning. Resolved technical and logistic issues with the customer and factory. Administered contracts, forms, launch teams, and maintained action item lists and New Product Introduction (NPI) checklists. Assessed critical areas of concern and recommended steps to resolve problems.

Managed business relationships during ongoing and new product introduction.
Managed multiple quotes and the Request for Quote (RFQ) process with a fundamental understanding of the customer's business needs and our sales process. Utilized a conceptual understanding of incremental margin, fixed/variable cost, absorption, and departmental rate determination.
Managed, communicated, and made recommendations to improve the NPI and Customer Produced Product Transfer (CPPT) process on assigned programs. Assessed risk, developed solutions, implemented changes and communicated responsibilities across the organization.
Understood roles of functional departments, targets potential areas of concern and communicates issues to upper management.
Administered assigned contracts, communicated customer concerns, and recommended solutions.
Assessed and adapted the company's business model to align with the customer's business model.
Organized and lead regular team meetings.
Drove strategies to deliver customer requirements and recommend capabilities in manufacturing and engineering services.
Reviewed aggregate program proposals to determine time frame, funding requirements, asset management, procedures for accomplishing program, staffing requirements and allotment of available resources to various phases of program.
Maintained cash flow, program timeline, resource and milestone charts.
Generated, maintained, and published weekly reports on cost, quality, and delivery.
Coordinated scheduling and shipment, ensuring timely delivery of customer products.
Managed inventory levels of excess and obsolete material.
Developed and ensured adherence to project and program budgets.
Communicated complex business and technical matters to all levels of the organization in report and action form.
Participated with other senior managers in establishing strategic organizational plans and objectives.
Directed the activities of program managers and staff and was responsible for planning, budgeting, and maintaining costs for a broad functional area.
Interacted regularly with executives, customers and outside regulatory agencies.
High-level contact for negotiations with customers on all contracts, pricing and other business items.
Quality Manager
10/2017 – 11/2019: Delta Group Electronics, Inc. – Fayetteville, AR

Planned, implemented, and managed a quality program designed to ensure quality control and assurance of production and product consistent with industry standards. Formulated and maintained quality objectives complementary to the corporate Quality Manual.

Promoted the company’s quality philosophy to customers and personnel within the organization.
Interfaced with customers regarding site visits, surveys, scorecards, corrective actions, recalls, etc.
Maintained a working knowledge of government and industry quality codes and standards (IPC, ITAR, DFAS, FAA, etc.).
Upheld the company’s ISO9001/AS9100/ISO13485 ratings and certifications.
Scheduled and managed all internal and external audits.
Developed and applied standards and methods for inspection, testing, evaluation, and record retention.
Designed and facilitated quality training programs to key personnel at all levels of employment.
Directed employees in quality inspection and testing to ensure continuous control over materials and products.
Performed reviews of documentation from compliance to manufacturing requirements and customer criteria.
Used statistical or qualitative methods for analyzing data to establish efficient and effective processes.
Reviewed vendor quality ratings to determine continued use of externally provided products and services.
Collected, compiled, sorted and tracked data for company business metrics (OTD, Yield, Sales v. Scrap, etc.).
Prepared and presented technical information to the management team.
Identified significant issues found during production and implemented preventative actions through root cause analysis.

Manager, Mfg./Prod./Ind./Mthds. & Stds.
07/2014 – 10/2017: Pratt & Whitney (UTC) – Springdale, AR

Provided leadership and support to the business, ensuring smooth and efficient operations. Enhanced the production process and product using a variety of problem-solving techniques with the use of sound technical competency. Motivated, coached, and encouraged employees to optimize their career development and personal satisfaction, as well as promote excellent employee relations.
Met company goals and supported business objectives as defined for 2 product lines (Cost, Quality, Delivery, ROS).
Scheduled production across 3 shifts and executed contingency plans.
Reported daily status of product to department managers.
Implemented root-cause corrective actions in a timely manner to ensure quality standards are maintained.
Led Lean/ACE projects to enhance quality, decrease process cycle time, and reduce operational costs.
Managed all aspects of assigned hourly workforce: attendance, rewards, promotion, discipline, training, etc.
Demonstrated commitment to the Environmental Health and Safety (EH&S) program by complying with all policies.
Independent Business Consultant
01/2013 – 07/2014: Self-Employed – Salina, KS

Delivered workplace assessments on business approaches and advised on effective workforce methodology. Offered tailored business solutions to improve productivity and interpersonal relations. Built custom occupational plans and training packages. Provided assessments on management, administrative practices, and learning principles to include:
Organizational structure and needs-analysis
Team building and employee development
Instructional systems design and curriculum for instructor-led or computer-based learning.
Performance improvement and support systems
Evaluation methodologies

Communications Supervisor (Electronics Technician)
01/2008 – 01/2013: UNITED STATES NAVY – Silverdale, WA

Experienced Electronics Technician for the U.S. Navy. Conducted tactical and strategic communications onboard USS LOUISIANA (SSBN 743). Maintained a Top-Secret clearance for the purpose of handling, transporting, and transmitting/receiving sensitive Department of Defense (DoD) materials.

Supervised the equipment installation, configuration, administration, repair, and basic operation of the Integrated Radio Room (IRR) and Common Submarine Radio Room (CSRR).
Mentored and provided technical training to personnel who administer commercial network operating systems.
Administered databases, established/managed user accounts, and configured communication system interfaces.
Managed internal site networks that included, DOS, MS Exchange, NetWare, Novell, UNIX, LINUX, and Windows NT.
Initialized and configured computer applications, operating software, network equipment, network connectivity, printing services, external peripherals, internal core workstation components, domains, and virus scanners.
Maintained and analyzed audit logs and documents, oversaw security and system logs for errors and compliance.
Performed troubleshooting and implemented disaster recovery procedures afloat and ashore, monitored network equipment and software status, coordinated system back-ups and recoveries, scheduled preventative maintenance inspections regarding information systems, network equipment, and hardware components.
Acknowledged vulnerability threats and identified system security risks along with protection, aggregation, and interconnectivity issues.

Operations Technician and Network Producer
02/2002 - 09/2006: USA Radio Network - Dallas, TX

Ran soundboards and mixers for on-the-air broadcasts. Performed pre and postproduction editing for commercial spots and programing, as well as:

Tracked worldwide events and prepared scripts for news anchors.
Operated audio, communications, and networking equipment for on-air programing and off-air production.
Managed time slots for commercial advertising and on-air radio programs.
Contact this candidate