CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL ZWOLINSKI
Sterling Heights, MI 48310 586-***-**** ad87wf@r.postjobfree.com

SOFTWARE TESTER

Strategic, resourceful, high-tech results-driven technologist offering expertise in designing test scenarios for software usability, running these tests, analyzing the results, and preparing reports on the observed effectiveness / defects to the production team, quickly mastering emerging technologies while still maintaining a high level of customer service. Innovative business partner, effective communicator, and problem-solving project manager known for building and maintaining positive, productive relationships to understand software / product requirements, test the functionality / usability of new / existing software before it goes live, analyze test results on database impacts, errors / bugs, and usability, and partner with developers to provide feedback on what needs improvement to produce top-quality programs that meet customer expectations. Collaborative leader and US Navy Reserve Veteran with demonstrated successes in partnering with diverse, cross-functional teams to participate in design reviews and provide input on requirements, product design, and potential problems, review / analyze system specifications, and ensure products, applications, and systems operate correctly with quality throughout the software development lifecycle.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Best Practices Continuous Process Improvements Budgeting Forecasting Reporting Training Coaching Mentoring Performance Development Research Documentation Audits Vendor Management

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

Database Migrations OnStar Plans Test Cases Route Cause Analysis APIs Testing – Android, iOS Operating Systems - Windows, Apple, Android Hardware / Software Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access, Teams Skype WebEx Zoom Equipment - Computers, Peripherals, Smart Phones, Tablets E-discovery

CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Certified Professional Internet, EDS, Southfield, MI January 2000
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, EDS, Southfield, MI March 2000
Operation Development Program (OPD), EDS, Oshawa ON, March 1986
Network Communications Development Program (NCD), EDS Oshawa, ON APR 1988
DFSS Green Belt, GM
SAFe SP–Scaled Agile Inc., GM
DFSS Black Belt, GM

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

TECEZE May 2024 – June 2024
Field Service Technician at Ascension Health System, Michigan
Provided on-site remediation on several hospital sites to replace and repair laptop and desktop PCs.
Updated new PCs to user specifications after they were installed.
Updated inventory records and reports with PC Status’
Tracked down “lost” PCs and corrected inventory.

GENERAL MOTORS CORP June 2019 – June 2023
IT Test Analyst, Quality Assurance, January 2019 – June 2023
Created and executed test cases for database migration projects.
•Tested APIs for various projects including the addition of new and temporary OnStar plans.
•Ensured removal of the selected plans and refunds due by testing web-based updates of payments and plan inclusions / deletions.
•Won Second Place in the Technical Mentor Program Hackathon, 2023.
•Recognized as the Most Innovative in the 2023 Technical Mentor Program Hackathon.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL ZWOLINSKI ad87wf@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Web Factory Test Analyst, October 2015 – June 2019
Devised test plans and performed route cause analysis for problems due to web-related content and enterprise system updates, reporting back to project management and development teams to direct them to create new / repair source code.
•Developed and executed test cases for multiple portable platform projects involving Android and iOS testing of phones and tablets.

EDS / HP
IT Live Support Staff Field Service Technician IV, January 2008 – Octobre 2015
Provided one-on-one field service level support to over 30,000 personnel on the GM technical center campus within the VEC IT Service Center Live room. Surpassed 130 appointment and walk-in customers daily, even though the design of the room called for a maximum of 64 appointments per day. Troubleshot hardware and software problems with computers, peripherals, smartphones, and tablet computers using Windows, Apple, and Android operating systems.
•Performed route cause analysis for problems due to enterprise system updates, and reported back to engineering teams to allow them to create patches.
•Maintained scheduling management of the room by triaging device problems and distributing them to other technicians or performing the troubleshooting as time permitted.
•Conducted personal training in the use of hardware and software available on the systems of the enterprise.
•Produced forms and leaflets for distribution to customers as supplemental training material.
•Acted as a centralized point of contact for Legal PC drop off and pick up of PCs for E-discovery and litigation requirements. Developed a tracking system to maintain positive device status until the material was returned to the customer. Recognized with a Team GM award for efforts / results on this project.

EDS
System Adminstrator, January 1992 – January 2008
Provided onsite help desk and system administration support to two car plants and GM headquarters and Technical Center.
• Performed troubleshooting of PC hardware and Software issues.
• Performed Enterprise-related fixes to user IDs and devices as needed.
• Installed network communications hardware onsite.
• Performed Local and international network troubleshooting between Canadian and US GM locations.
• Team lead, primary contact for network support shift.

MILITARY EXPERIENCE

UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE HONORABLE DISCHARGE
Chief Petty Officer Logistics Specialist
Served as a regimental force Logistics Chief for the Naval Reserve Naval Construction Regiment 7 supply department. Directed 8 departmental personnel and a store of approximately $100,000 in local supplies.
•Supported two Battalions of over 500 personnel each in 20 locations throughout the eastern United States, approving / modifying training and mobilization plans of the battalions during training and mobilization operations.
•Provided direct leadership and training to over 8 local supply personnel and over 30 other remote regimental unit members.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Information Technology, Minor in Information Systems Security.
University of Phoenix, Troy, Michigan

Diploma, Business Administration, Minor in Data Processing
Durham College of Applied Arts and Technology, Oshawa, Ontario, Canada
Contact this candidate