LEON R. HORMAN
New York, New York City ad87h1@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonrhorman/
Senior IT Infrastructure and Project Manager
Offering a solid 15+ years’ tenure developing unique technical solutions in diverse global industries, designs and streamlines agile change, IT tool implementation, and team development practices
IT Project Manager delivering IT solutions to enhance productivity of processes and operations within financial and other service sectors. Data Management and Data Migration managing global cross-functional teams and projects Extensive experience in end-to-end project oversight with attentive leadership during each phase. Have in-depth Data Management and successfully delivering data focused programs and projects including PII Data Stores, Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Integration, Database Upgrades, and Proficient in steering strategy for data center application migrations and serves as an expert in integrating project goals and capabilities with broad knowledge on data center infrastructure. Outstanding interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills, leadership ability, and top-tier business acumen.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Data Center & Application Migrations Strategic Planning & Implementation Transformational Leadership PMO Trading Floor Experience
IT Program/Project Management Agile and Waterfall SDLC Systems Integration & ITIL KPI’s, Metrics, & Reporting Certified Scrum Master CSM PMP in progress ISO Certifications
Vendor Management End User Technology Stakeholder Engagement Team Management CA PPM Office 365 and AD Migrations Azure Migrations Active Directory NAS / SAN Storage VMWare SharePoint
Budget Management Project Management Software Team Building Excel Managing Large Scale Projects Managing Large Scale Budgets Presentation Skills Data Management Business Relationship Management Jira Scrum Confluence Kanban Security Unified Communications Teams OneDrive
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Mizuho Bank
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager 9/2023-Present
Driving the bank wide migration of all servers (3000) to a new domain and the conversion of Linux servers to RHEL iDM
Created project plan for all migrations and provided updates to C level executives
Coordinated moves with multiple applications teams and tower leads
Coordinated risk assessments with multiple application teams and bank governance
Successfully scheduled and implemented wave migrations
Ascensia
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager 8/2021-7/2023
Overseeing the consolidation of 8 Global Operations Companies M365 to a single MS Azure tenant. Drove the effort for a global VPN upgrade and the implementation of Multi Factor Authorization policies
Created the SOW for third party vendor execution of cloud migrations and onboarded resources on an aggressive schedule
Successfully completed the migrations of over 10K M365 email boxes, One Drives, SharePoint and Teams sites to a single Azure (cloud) tenant
Drove efforts to consolidate and resolve issues during cutover weekends
Created and maintained RAID logs and conducted formal risk management
Managed post-migration Hyper Care support
Presented monthly status updates to the corporate PMO and C level committees

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (CONT’D)
NetApp 01/2021 to 08/2021
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Driving to completion multiple project implementations. Controlling project scope changes using SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and agile methodology. Coordinating efforts with engineers, solution architects and QA resources.
Planned and implemented merger and acquisition projects, including budgeting, strategy, and IT infrastructure
Drove efforts to determine “Best of Breed” applications from the merging companies
Managed laptop migrations of several thousand PCs to Azure (cloud) AD through Windows upgrade and configuration changes
Directed efforts to harden security on OS builds and patch updates
Established processes for securing MS 365 resources for external access
Scotia Bank NYC 09/2019 to 8/2020
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Operated as principal point of contact for project issues. Controlled project scope changes and use SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and agile methodology. Coordinated parallel projects by implementing the project management life cycle. Documented Project Plan, Migration Schedule, Workbook, RAID logs, Scope and Management Presentations. Reported on present project milestones, performance KPIs, and status updates to executive leaders and stakeholders through CA Clarity Portfolio Management tool. Held daily scrum meeting to review progress, issues, and sprint planning.
Spearheaded migration of several thousand PCs to Windows 10, Office 365 (Azure cloud) and Active Directory domain reducing costs and support complexity as part of PMO.
Completed network refresh for Federal Reserve links enabling fast and reliable communications.
Utilized Jira for Agile Scrum Project Manager resulting in efficient and detailed project management.
Managed rollout of (M365) Outlook, Teams, SharePoint, One Drive and licensing requirements.
Israel Discount Bank NYC 04/2017 to 08/2019
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Directed offshore resources to create architectural designs, network support and VMWare management. Controlled technical, vendor, and user resources to complete Data Center to Data Center Application Migration on schedule and budget using SDLC and agile methodology. Projects including PII Data Stores, Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Integration, Database Upgrades, and Proficient in steering strategy for data center application migrations and servers Presided over major planning, status, risk management, and resolution meetings delivering agendas, minutes, and task sheets. Planned, tested, and applied secure payment zone to house funds transfer application through LAN Transformation and accelerated upgrade and implementation of funds transfer application.
Developed and maintained detailed project schedules through team collaboration
Migrated CHIPs, SWIFT and FED communications to secure and isolated SAG (Swift Access Gateway) servers.
As part of PMO utilized Jira for Agile Scrum Project Manager
Migrated platforms and applications to the Azure cloud, including Treasuries and CRM.
Implemented SWIFT's CSP and ISO auditing requirements with creation of secure and isolated network infrastructure for SWIFT's messaging application.
Accomplished migration of 150 applications to co-located data center covering discovery, planning and execution
Directed development of critical FIS eGifts payment system application enabling IDB to continue making electronic payments efficiently and reliably.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (CONT’D)
Related Real Estate Management NYC 12/2016 to 01/2017
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Oversaw Outlook migration from on premise Exchange to Microsoft Office M365 Azure cloud platform. Allocated O365 license types alongside HR and Department heads. Scheduled user pilot migrations and resolved migration issues in collaboration with technical teams. Contributed to creation of SOW with external vendor to complete migration effort.
Played integral role in migration of 2K user mailboxes to Microsoft Azure cloud reducing support costs efforts.
Royal Bank of Canada NYC – Treasuries, Capital Markets 09/2016 to 11/2016
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
On a short-term contract assignment determined information system requirements and defined various project objectives for migration of complex applications. Identified and modified user directories through Active Directory to migrate corporate data filers. Compiled reports and documentation.
Coordinated requirements with Treasuries department and translated their needs into a strategic project plan.
Migrated network file systems, including PII Data Stores, to new data center and server consolidating hardware resulting in reduced overhead as part of PMO.
Atlas Air Worldwide White Plains NY 05/2016 to 09/2016
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Validated all user Windows applications on Windows 10 and resolved outstanding upgrade issues. Scheduled vMotion process, hardware upgrades, performed risk, assessment, notified users, maintained master worksheet and ran command center. Advanced and migrated eVault for corporate exchange system.
Managed multiple, concurrent, technical projects as part of PMO
Rolled out Windows 10 to more than 10K users reducing support and licensing costs.
Progressed and migrated critical RightFax and SFTP vendor applications to high availability cluster platform.
Directed technical upgrade of VMware ESX software to ESX 6.
Express Scripts Franklin Lakes NJ 01/2015 to 05/2016
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Analyzed application requirements and dependencies and implemented processes to complete Data Center to Data Center Application Migration on schedule and budget as a representative of an IT Services vendor. Utilized SDLC and Agile methodology to coordinate multiple application migrations. Monitored progress, attended to issues, and conducted sprint planning during daily scrum meetings. Implemented Active Directory servers. Developed migration artifacts including detailed, complex project plans, risks, issues, and Visio diagrams.
Managed both internal and outsourced IT resources
Implemented Data Center to Data Center Application Migrations for the PMO program including HR, ERP and CRM.
Carried out Citrix migration to new data center consisting of over 320 servers and 15K users.
Migrated platforms and applications to the Azure cloud.
Migrated PII Data Stores, performed Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Integration and Database Upgrades.
McGraw Hill Education NYC 08/2013 to 12/2014
IT Consultant Senior Project Manager
Scheduled application migrations from existing VMWare hosts to new platforms. Compiled and submitted weekly program status reports for C-suite executives. Migrated user e-mail, contacts and calendar content from Google mail to Office 365 as a representative of an IT Services vendor.
Planning and implementation of merger and acquisition projects, including budgeting, strategy and IT infrastructure

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (CONT’D)

Succeeded in implementation of VMWare, Active Directory, DNS, proxy and WSUS data center services as part of PMO.
Fulfilled Singapore office relocation of over 100 people.
Installed Active Directory servers in acquired company’s location and integrated into McGraw Hill Corporate network.
Implemented secure IPsec VPN tunnel between two companies.
McGraw-Hill Financial Corp., NYC 07/2012 to 08/2013
IT Consultant Senior Program Manager
Executed major data center migration with $29M budget that involved analysis of application requirements, dependencies, latency, prioritization, and detailed planning of server migrations and resource allocations. Compiled weekly CIO status reports detailing milestones, progress, issues, and cross-functional dependencies. Monitored costs to maintain adherence to program budget. Observed progress of six project managers. Programmed server moves, (Windows, Linux and UNIX) installations, application verifications, and signoffs. Performed risk and issue management. Managed support transition from in house to a Managed Service Provider.
Executed major data center migration with $29M budget that involved analysis of application requirements
Resolved roadblocks and critical issues by managing progress of 15 project managers amidst Technical Support Transition to third party for Data Center, EUC and Network reducing support costs by 25%.
Formed accurate project plans on schedule and tracked appropriately through completion of project.
Thomson Reuters Corp., New York, N.Y. 10/2011 to 07/2012
IT Consultant Senior Technical Program / Project Manager
Finalized technical infrastructure projects for Investment and Advisory Wealth, and Content Business Unit portfolios in PMO. Interpreted, documented and put into effect solutions for business requirements. Administered project reporting, budgeting, time sheets, and resource allocation through CA Clarity Portfolio Management tool.
Executed buildout of a new data center and drove major data center migration covering discovery, planning and execution
Planning and implementation of merger and acquisition projects, including budgeting, strategy, and IT infrastructure
Simultaneously steered eight technical projects comprising complex server, SAN, and network integrations and implementations in matrixed environment.
Additional experience as IT Consultant Senior Program Manager for Time Warner Corp, Operations Program Manager for Thomson Reuters Corp, Technical Infrastructure Project Manager, PMO Department for Thomson Financial Corp, Senior Project Manager at JPM Chase Merger and Acquisitions, Manager of Network and Systems Management for Marine Midland Bank, and Senior Operations Engineer for ATT.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology, Electrical Engineering Technology, Summa Cum Laude 3.78 GPA 5/2001 – New York Institute of Technology
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Platforms
UNIX/Linux, Solaris, Windows, VMware, Service Now
Tools
Agile, MS Project, MS Exchange, Visio, PowerPoint, MS Excel, PlanView, CAPPM
Contact this candidate