Michelle A. Kittle *** Forest Drive
810-***-**** (cell) Brighton, MI 48116
ad87dx@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
To obtain a challenging position within a well-respected, fast paced organization on an active team using my Engineering, IT & Project Management knowledge. I am a Scaled Agilist and certified scrum master.

Experience Summary:
I was recently laid off from my IT Project Manager position with General Motors. I have over 30 years’ experience in Project Management with extensive scheduling and planning experience. I have 35 years’ experience filling a variety of positions in customer support roles. I am a self-starter and have strong knowledge of MS Office Suite which includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Sharepoint, Teams, One Note and Project. I have excellent written, oral and interpersonal skills.

Professional Experience:
IT Project Manager
Ren Cen
Detroit, MI

April 2016 to Sept 2024
Plan and support the deployments of OnStar releases into the Global regions (GMSA/MEO) quarterly
Responsible for creating the deployment plans and setting up reviews prior to deployments
Support all post deployment issues/defects
Create & manage global release project schedules
Coordinate weekly environment meetings to report out status of environments as well as get task updates from team members
Planned and managed all PROD/Non-PROD deployment dates for each global environment (22 environments total)
Supported the North America deployments with the team when needed
Worked on several special projects when requested

Bartech–Project Manager Peer Review Coordinator
GM Tech Center
Van Dyke Rd.
Warren, MI

September 2015 to March 2016
Responsible for managing all SMT Peer Reviews, testing software updates and involved in future enchantments of the Peer Review system.
Support DREs with any Peer Review issues with process updates.
Maintain Peer Review training guides and class revisions.
Train users on using Peer Review tool.
Prepares SMT Peer Review reports for engineering management for review and direction.
Assemble and organize all information relevant to Peer Reviews and presents recommendations to the DRE based on analysis.
Regular contact with others outside the work group.
Establishes a course of action to accomplish completion of the job and/or project.
Keeps abreast of current Peer Review developments and trends in areas of expertise and make recommendations to management for improvements.

NSK–Program Management Coordinator
4200 Goss Road
Ann Arbor, MI 48106

July 2014 to August 2015
Support the PM Director and Sr. Program Managers with reconciling their budget’s monthly.
Responsible for the coordination and set-up of all project/gateway meetings for PM’s.
Responsible for updating the Senior Staff Meeting presentation for the PM Director.
Track monthly KPI’s.
Responsible for creating E-Reqs in the T4M system for the PM’s to make sure parts are delivered on time to the builds.
Responsible for on-boarding and off-boarding project resources within the team.
Support the Change Management team with ARAS tasks.
Work with Japan counterparts to make sure all NSSA project schedules are updated and communicated in a timely manner (monthly).
Update all PM documentation / templates for the PM team.
Load all PM procedures into the IMS system so they are controlled documents.
Attend weekly Program Management meetings and take action items for the team.

Modis–Executive Project Coordinator
Contracted to Volkswagen Group of America
3800 Hamlin Road
Auburn Hills, MI 48326

June 2010 to July 2014
Support the General Manager and Program Integration Manager’s (PIMs) with their budget’s (financial trackers).
Assist PIM’s and PM’s with PMO documentation required for each project making sure all VW PMO standards are met.
Responsible for the coordination and set-up of project meetings for PIM’s and PM’s along with documentation of all meeting minutes.
Responsible for creating, updating and communicating project schedules.
Assist PIM’s in creating Steering Committee presentations
Responsible for maintaining project issues and risk logs and communicating to responsible team members for follow-up.
Responsible for maintaining project e-rooms /SharePoint sites for PIM’s and PM’s.
Responsible for on-boarding and off-boarding project resources within the team.
Assist PMO requests for After Sales project information / documentation.
Assist PIM’s and PM’s with Traffic Light Reports on a weekly basis.
Work with German counterparts to make sure project schedules and meeting minutes are communicated in a timely manner.
Assist GM with Delivery Review meetings, documenting action items and doing the follow-up.
Assist GM with his travel arrangements and misc. administrative duties.

Bartech – Project Planner
Contracted to GM
GM – Warren Tech. Center
Warren, MI 48090

May 2007 to December 2008
Specialize in developing and maintaining component project plans, working with Engineers to resolve technical and operational issues.
Document, analyze and communicate risks and assumptions associated with component parts to vehicle builds.
Analyze data and determine over-due status, counter measures and “What-if” options.
Develop and present project status weekly to Engineering Managers and Planning Managers.
Support and implement common business processes.
Manage Metrics for Engineers.

Momentum Resource Solutions – Project Team Lead
Contracted to EDS
Detroit Ren-Cen
Troy & Detroit, MI

November 2005 to April 2007
Worked side by side to support the Program / Project Manager
Worked closely with the Program Management Office (PMO) to manage processes and project schedule deliverables.
Created, imported and managed project schedules within Microsoft Project Server.
Analyzed, assigned and reported progress to help develop plan alternatives.
Coordinate and help facilitate weekly customer meetings.
Experience with the GAD/QMS Planning Audit process.
Updated project status and metrics in PreSage weekly.
Familiar with SDP-21 Processes.
Reported, documented and distributed weekly project status at team meetings.
Reported status from deliverable owners and/or vendors on pending issues.
As a PTL, I followed the GAD/QMS process documentation to plan the GMOL Desktop Phase II project.
Involved with deploying a MS Project Server pilot on EDS Enterprise System.

DPM Consulting, Inc. – Vehicle Project Planner
Contracted to GM
GM – Warren Tech. Center
March 1999 to May 2005
(Worked for 3 different contract houses during this time.)
Specialized in developing and maintaining vehicle project networks and resolving technical and operational issues.
Assisted in controlling project scope and meeting scheduled requirements.
Performed schedule variance analysis.
Coordinated and facilitated timing workshops.
Documented and distributed timing workshop minutes to Planning/Engineering teams.
Able to provide GVDP Project Management Training.
Identified issues and recommended alternate solutions.
Provided Project Management support to Program Managers.
Lead many special projects for the Planning Organization within GM.

Electronic Data Systems Business Analyst
General Motors
(Various Locations)
February 1990 to March 1999
Deployed COE within the Manufacturing area.
Supplied customer support for PC’s, mainframe and LAN issues.
Troubleshot PC and mainframe computer related problems.
Processed computer and phone related moves for the customer and supported access to mainframe applications.
Provided training on MS office applications when needed.
Provided and supported all telephone and VME services which included add, change, delete and repair requests for Milford Proving Grounds employees.
Responsible for follow-up to completion, maintenance of customer billing databases, and performing monthly billing.
Contributed to team building and process improvement initiative.
Supplied customer support for World Wide Facilities.
EDUCATION: Diploma - 1983

Attended – 1989 - 90
Henry Ford Community College

PERSONAL TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT SOFTWARE TRAINING & EXPERIENCE
GVDP (Global Vehicle Development Process) MS Outlook / Conference room scheduling
Certified SAFe 5 Scrum Master MS Word for Windows - Intro. And Interim.
Certified SAFe 5 Practitioner MS Excel v 4.0 - Intro., Database & Charts and Advanced
Certified SAFe 5 Agilist MS PowerPoint Presentations - Intermediate
Relationship Styles MS Project for Windows
Dealing with Difficult People Lotus Notes / Calendaring
Emotional Intelligence Word Perfect for Windows
Web Site Development Lotus 1-2-3 for Windows - Intro. And Adv. Spreadsheets
Theory of Constraints Imaging/Document Processing
Interpersonal Skills Workshop PACE Timing Network
Career Management Workshop Microsoft Project Server
Career Development Portfolio GSTS (GM’s Global Timing System)
Presentation Techniques
How to Give Exceptional Customer Service
Project Management Business Process Training
9 Traits of Highly Successful Teams
Project Management: Basic Scheduling & Start-up and Planning
SDP-21 Overview
CMMI Overview
GM Business Overview (GMWAY001 & 002)
GAD-QMS (Global Application Delivery – Quality Management System)
PreSage Training

References:
Upon Request
Contact this candidate