Curtis L. Gray
816-***-**** ad87gq@r.postjobfree.com Lee’s Summit, MO 64063

WORK EXPERIENCE
*/**** – 8/2024 – Geis Dealer Group – Kansas City, KS 66111
Director of Marketing
Develop and implement comprehensive marketing strategies aligned with company and department objectives. Coordinate marketing campaigns for different departments focusing on targeted products and services. Conduct market analysis internally and externally. Collaborate with department directors and managers to understand and meet their marketing needs. Manage relationships with third-party marketing agencies and vendors. Oversee content creation and management for digital platforms. Analyze campaigns performance to measure success and guide future marketing efforts. Manage marketing budget, ensuring cost-effective strategies. Provide leadership, education and direction to all departments on marketing strategies.
3/2015 – 7/2023 – GlynnDevins/ Attane – Kansas City, MO 64114
Senior Project Manager –Marketing Solutions
Scheduling of digital and offline projects with teams based on project details provided by the customer service teams (websites, landing pages, digital paid media, collateral, direct mail, and branding). Monitor projects to ensure projects stay on schedule and budget through completion. Serve as go-to person to problem solve when issues arise and coordinate solutions with the required teams. Serve as project expert to provide solutions and answer questions as they arise. Collaborate between teams to best execute projects requested by clients. Review regularly delivery teams’ workloads and adjust as needed onto other team members. Dedicated project manager to a client specific group of creative resources as well as digital paid media resources. Procurement of printed materials and Direct Mail initiatives.
8/1999 – 5/2014 - Sprint – Corporate Headquarters – Overland Park, KS
Senior Buyer/ Project Manager - Print Production – Brand Marketing
Position dedicated to procuring materials and services associated with the execution of all Direct Mail campaigns and Retail Collateral materials. Yearly Marketing budget ranged from $150M to $200M. Responsibilities included: managed print production team (2006-2007), project management, managed suppliers, creative agency and internal marketing managers, generated and communicated job specifications, obtained competitive bids, issued purchase orders, ensured projects stayed within budget, coordinated timelines to keep team on track, quality assurance, management of RFP’s for dedicated services such as freight provider and data processing provider, and financial management. Additional financial management included the monthly reconciliation of all postage costs, tracking and reporting of our paper rebate and supplier volume rebate programs.

SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS
Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook) Proficient in Project Management Principles Including Budgeting, Forecasting and Resource Management Excellent Communication Skills Strong Problem-Solving Negotiation and Collaboration Skills Strategic Thinking Analytical Critical Thinking Keen Attention to Detail Agile Methodology Aptitude for Managing Multiple Complex Projects Simultaneously and Handling Stressful Situations Mentoring PMO Tools: WebVantage and Wrike

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree, Commercial Art Functional Major
Central Missouri State University, Warrensburg, MO 64093
Contact this candidate