Reeve H. Meck
*** **** ***** *****, ******* MD, *1113 • 512-***-**** • ad88r5@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
I am a fast-learning professional with many years of experience in technical oversight of nuclear engineering, planning development of doctrine and policy for operational cyber warfare, as well as database design and coding. I have the attention to detail to manage audits of nuclear training facilities, the analytical mind to coordinate policy and execution of new cyber capabilities for major combatant commands, and the communication skills to brief complex problems and solutions for all audience levels. I seek to use my education, experience, and problem-solving skills to help the world move forward.
Experience
Feb 23 – Apr 23
Joint Mission Operation Center
Fort Meade, MD
Cybersecurity - Network Defense Analyst
Vulnerability management - Conducts vulnerability assessments with ACAS/Nessus tools, provides continuous monitoring of system assets, and develops risk mitigation strategies. Secures system configuration with Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs) and installs security tools, scans systems to determine compliance, and reports results to key stakeholders. Performs assessments of systems and networks and identifies deviations from acceptable configuration policies.
Automation - Uses automation solutions based on PowerShell to create priority reports, manage data retention, and maintain standards for storage of files.
Planning - Creating and managing plans of action and milestones (POA&Ms) and working with project manager and engineers to plan and develop risk mitigation plans.
Customer support - Works with DoD customers, industry partners, and various stakeholders throughout the Risk Management Framework (RMF) processes to support Defensive Cyber Operations.
Cyber expertise - Researches and maintains proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, and trends in computer network vulnerabilities, network security, and defensive operations.
Certification - Provides Information Assurance expertise to develop and maintain security accreditation documentation to support program Certification and Accreditation in accordance with DoDD8570.01. Reports risk analysis and assessments determination to system owner in compliance with NIST SP 800-37, NIST 800-53, and other NIST 800 guide series.

Feb 21 – Feb 23
JFHQ-DODIN J34
Fort Meade, MD
Cyber Defense Analyst
Cyber Initiative Support - Provided expert support for Zero Trust (ZT) collaboration and implementation, Operations Support, and documentation from drafting through execution, and Cybersecurity Data Management planning and requirements for Combatant Commands, Service Cyber Components, and Agencies to secure, operate and defend the DODIN.
Orders Planning – Staffed two publications of JFHQ-DODIN operational endpoint cyber defense requirements of OPORD 8600-22, including drafting, AO coordination, briefing to leadership, and resolving disputes between stakeholders. Efforts resulted in effective and auditable requirements for cyber security across the DOD Information Networks (DODIN).
Endpoint Security Support – Provided search, query, and enumeration support for finding endpoints and devices vulnerable to new and developing CVEs across the DODIN, including design, creation, installation, and support to automated tools in support of rapid enumeration.
Operational areas also include Cyber Task Order (CTO) support, workstation/server endpoint configuration collection and data analysis, vulnerability tracking/remediation, versioning, endpoint security solution implementation, and endpoint discovery/reporting to accomplish mission assurance.

May 20 – Jan 21
Athena Technology Group
Augusta, GA
Cybersecurity Analyst
Contract Support and Planning– Provided composition, review, and editing to submittals for ATG contract proposals, adding technical and grammatical clarity. Planned, composed, and briefed to senior ATG leadership plans and options for additional lines of business in cybersecurity, helping expand the ATG customer base.
Cybersecurity Certification Support – Supported business analysis, planning, and documentation efforts for future ATG Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification. Incorporated NIST standards and other governing requirements into ATG policy and procedures to ensure comprehensive cybersecurity of ATG systems and customer information.

Oct 19 – May 20
Newport News Supervisor of Shipbuilding
Newport News, VA
Microsoft Access/Infopath Analyst
MS Access Analyst – As an ATG contractor, designed, built, tested, delivered, and supported multiple MS Access databases supporting NNSS Engineering Oversight of nuclear and non-nuclear work. My projects and programs allowed datasets from legacy systems to be migrated into MS Access for timely and robust review and analysis.

May 19 – Oct 19
Athena Technology Group
Alexandria, VA
Network Topology and Security Analyst
Training – Conducted education and study sessions regarding all aspects of network topology, services, connectivity, and protocols, as well as all threat types, vectors, and patterns, and the methods to prevent, deter, detect, mitigate, correct, and investigate attacks and incidents.

Sep 17 – May 19
Independent Travel and Research
Odenton, MD
Travel
Self-Enrichment – Experienced different cultures and communities, including Jordan, Spain, Germany, Austria, and Switzerland, with a focus on historic and educational sites.

Research
Independent Mathematics Research – Continued exploration of properties of sequential integers. Was approved for hire as Mathematician by NSA Mathematics Hiring Board.
Nov 15 – August 17
USCYBERCOM
Ft Meade, MD
Cyber Planner
Force Mission Management – Completed the initial NSA mission alignment for 39 teams, each of over 60 people, of the Cyber Mission Force (CMF), formalizing CMF access to the intelligence sources needed to support mission readiness. Managed re-alignment for over 15 of those teams, based on dynamic mission needs. Managed shared database for CMF visibility, metrics, and access.
Planning Team-Lead – Led a team of over 50 people spanning all headquarters directorates and subordinate commands in the theory, crafting, staffing, implementation, testing, and execution of two new and unique DoD authorities. Staffed and published the Operating Instruction for execution of those cyber authorities. Crafted metrics for defining IOC and FOC for those authorities, as well as coordinated their planning and execution through IOC.
Technical SME – Reviewed and critiqued disparate mission submittals from multiple cyber elements for operations under those two authorities. Provided scope, mission, function, and legal analysis, and staffed those requests through USCYBERCOM Headquarters. Developed and leveraged in-depth knowledge of cyberspace doctrine, operations, and org-structures to facilitate that process.
Staff Officer – Regularly prepared and briefed all levels of senior officers and civilian executives on the status of plans, capabilities, and force readiness. Delivered timely and professional reports assessing comparable alternatives across cost, time, risk, and effectiveness metrics and provided recommendations.

Jan 15 – Aug 17
Navy Information Operations Command – Maryland (CTF 1060)
Ft Meade, MD
Department Head – N3 Dept (Jul16 – Aug17: collateral duty with Cyber Planner)
Organizational Management – Led and managed the Command N3 Department averaging 50 sailors onboard, spread across six divisions and three locations, for their missions in support of national objectives. Utilized Microsoft Access for fitreps and evaluations.
Staff Professional – Supported the NIOC Command Triad in managing the Command re-organization and transition from the single command structure into a Strike Group structure and the creation of six subordinate commands, maintaining continuity of operations throughout.

Battle Watch Captain – Fleet Information Operations Command (Mar15 – Nov15)
Watch Captain – Responsible for support to blue forces operating in the Sixth Fleet AOR, providing time-sensitive battle space awareness. Efforts supported intelligence and contingency operations, operational-level planning, training exercises, and strategic policy.
Technical Leadership – Managed a watch team of 13 highly trained Navy operators, including linguists, intel analysts, and EW specialists.

Sep 10 – Dec 14
Naval Reactors
Washington DC
Engineer
Lead Engineer for Naval Nuclear Power Training Command (NNPTC) – Responsible for all aspects of oversight, management, operations, and training at NNPTC. Coordinated and approved NNPTC needs and plans for all aspects of student life and their nuclear training. Conducted mathematical review of student performance data to assess the gathering, evaluation, and response to outliers and trends.
Modeling and Simulation – Coordinated with support labs to devise enterprise modeling systems capable of multi-year enterprise optimization across complex, interdependent, dynamic systems. Tested and implemented the modeling systems from nascent to FOC.
Nuclear training SME – Coordinated technical review of Naval Nuclear Training Manuals, covering all aspects of nuclear plant theory, operations, and design. Directed and revised PhD-level science and engineering into digestible reading material for incoming students.
Project Management – Managed student allocations for post-NNPTC training at the prototypes, supporting complete nuclear training for over 4000 sailors, supporting Fleet manning and Navy operational readiness.
Certifications
CYSA+: Current as of 14 Sep 2023
Education
Jun 05 – May 09
United States Naval Academy
Annapolis, MD
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics with honors.
Sep11 – Feb12
Bettis Reactor Engineering School
West Mifflin, PA
Certificate of Completion
References
References are available on request.
Contact this candidate