Abhi Sarkar
Shakopee, MN
513-***-****
ad88tu@r.postjobfree.com
Salesforce Admin, SAP CRM, Six Sigma, SAFe, Agile Coach, Product/Program Manager, Scrum Master, PMP
https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhi-sarkar-ab1176142/

IT/RETAIL/HEALTHCARE/FINANCE/LOGISTICS Sr. PROJECT/AGILE/PROGRAM MANAGER
An insightful and result-driven professional with extensive experience in IT, retail, finance, healthcare industries, and government agencies. Major work with IT and business program/project management specifications, requirements specification analysis (RSA), financial and budget planning, risk analysis, solution delivery, e-GRC, Audit, QA analysis, end-to-end testing, JAD, RUP, JIRA, JAMA sessions, RFP/RFI, SOW, NPS and legal documentation, Benefits, and legacy systems, Claims Systems, Facets, HCPCS, HIPPA 4010, 5010, ICD9, ICD10, EDI, VAN, ATM, 270/271, 835, 837, ERP systems, PeopleSoft HCM, CRM, Salesforce, SAP CRM, Procurement and Inventory, SaaS, POS, EDI, VAN, EDI, financial planning, mortgage, Investments, mutual funds, bonds, and securities, etc., product development and management, Change Management, Risk Analysis, business, and IT process and methodologies, and delivery management. Immersed in all the phases of IT and business process, software development lifecycle (SDLC), Agile Methodologies, Product Management, Scrum of Scrums, Sprint planning, Scrum, Product Owner, product backlog, Rally, Confluence, JIRA, Aha, TFS and Team environment, Velocity, Burndown and Burnup charts Kanban, Six Sigma, project planning, administration, and project management office (PMO). Effectively collaborate between business partners, technical development teams, IT stakeholders, and business owners.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE: Business and IT Planning Salesforce Admin Product Management Scrum Six Sigma Agile Methodologies Project Management (PMBOK) QA Process and Testing Program Management Reengineering Process Cost and Budget Analysis Product Development and Management Strategic Resource Allocation Outsourcing Offshore Delivery Asset Management Small Business Enhancements Customer and Vendor Relations Change Management Risk Analysis Contract Negotiations Supply Chain Management Compliance – Business, State, and Federal Regulations Training Benchmarking Delivery Management Presentations Pre-Sales and Post-Sales Support SDLC Waterfall Lifecycle Process

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE: UML, JAD, Confluence, JIRA, JAMA RUP, UAT, SaaS, Agile, Kanban XP, DevOps, SAFe 4.5 Salesforce Lightning Enterprise System Administration, Service Now, SQL Queries and Reports, Queries, Crystal Reports, Planview, Visio, Win NT, Win 2000 Professional, Microsoft Office (Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project), Clarity, SAP CRM, SCM, PeopleSoft HCM, HR/Payroll Latitude, Lawson, EMR, HCPCS, HIPAA 5010, ICD-9/10, NDC, ANSI, 270/271, 276/277, 278, 835, 837 VAN, EDI, Digital Portal, Mobile Applications
Business Development: RFP / RFI, SOW, NPS, IPA, TAP, Business Liaison, and Marketing.

CERTIFICATIONS – Salesforce Admin, Certified Scrum Master, PMP Certified, Six Sigma-Green Belt

TRAINING- Salesforce Admin, SAP CRM, SCM, Lawson, PeopleSoft HCM, HR, and Talent Management

EXPERIENCE:
Amgen Inc, Thousand Oaks, CA
Sr. IT Project Manager, Agile Coach, and Scrum Master 2021-Present
Responsible for managing $35 million multiple huge initiatives for Amgen Clinical/Pharmacy, and tableau reports, as a Sr. Project Manager, Agile Coach, and Scrum Master. Ensuring that end-to-end clinical data (CTDA) is migrated and updated to the centralized database, RX GXP and Non-RX GXP clinical and non-clinical data readiness, implementing them promptly and exceeding customers’ expectations. Managing a huge initiative for customers’ clinical reports in tableau and coordinating with a third-party technical partner, the IQVIA team to ensure that development efforts are completed in time and all required milestones are accomplished.
Accomplishments and Contributions:
Responsible for SAFe 5.0, Agile methodologies, PI planning (Program Increment), Kanban XP, Iterative and incremental deliverables, and Hybrid approach. Currently, Amgen programs have 10 weeks of PI with 2 weeks of Sprint cycles. Leading 4 Scrum teams that include onshore and offshore teams. Providing coaching to all team members on Agile Methodologies, SAFe 5.0, extensively involved in using managing JIRA and Confluence for the customers, coordinating with the technical teams, ensuring that all tasks and user stories are aligned with customer’s expectations, Sprint cycles are aligned, Kanban board is updated, involved and managing all Scrum ceremonies, daily Scrum calls, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, and Demo, Backlog Refinements and Retrospective meetings. Ensuring that the team is aligned with the Project deliverables, in Kanban board, coordinating with multiple teams to ensure that the team is updating, and moving their tasks from To-do status to in Progress, in review, and done statuses and adding more tasks to the pipeline, refining and prioritizing the backlog based on the MVP release plan, all reports are updated in Confluence and Status reports being generated., to seek approvals from the business partners and Product Owners, Managing the risks, issues, and constraints and responsible for removing any roadblocks and impediments for the team, exceeding the customer’s goals for CTDA and Tableau reports projects and enhancements, etc.

Johnson and Johnson, NJ 2021-2021
Sr. IT Portfolio/Program Manager/Scrum Master
Responsible for managing large initiatives for Johnson and Johnson (JnJ) data archiving platforms:
Accomplishments and Contributions:
Managing $50 million Structured and un-Structured data, ILM Informatica and Hubstor archiving process
Ensuring the entire lifecycle is followed, Intake, Factory, Operations Management, and Compliance areas
Daily, weekly, and monthly tracking of data archiving process for SAP and non-SAP applications
Team dynamics: ensuring the team is aligned with the deliverables and providing accurate information to the customers, mitigation risks, and dependencies on third vendors. Coordinating timelines with vendors to provide their data promptly
Involved in various applications archiving processes.
Metalogix decommission
Transcend application-intake estimates and allocation
Also, extensively involved in resolving JIRA tickets for Factory settings.
Coordinating and negotiating timelines with the process owners for resolving the tickets
Ensuring tickets are resolved promptly
Providing a recommendation to the team, to close all high-priority tickets within the SLA timeline and gain approval from the process owners, and reconcile the provided solution with the team periodically

United Health Care (United Health Group), Minneapolis, MN 2019-2021
Sr. IT Program Manager/Capability Manager
Responsible for managing a huge initiative for Providers Office, IT, Business, Vendor Management, and Product Development & Management. Currently managing a $50 million project, developing a Spire desktop application on Salesforce Lightning platform for providers and advocates, one shop desktop application for Benefits, B360, e-Link, iBAAG, Claims Integration, Claims Legacy Systems, UNET, COSMOS, NICE, NDB, CSP, CDB, and CPM, Providers, and Member details, View and Create Prior Authorization UI and Integration-Automated, Benefits check, Benefits Search for Community and State, Auto doc., Reporting, FACETS, and PIQ-MACESS integration and Claims processing within Salesforce application for all line of businesses, PAC, E&I, M&R, HPPP, C&S and E&S. Responsible for providing best customers, providers, and advocates desktop user experience. Extensively working on Agile tools, Aha, JIRA, Rally, and Confluence. Involved in RFP/RFI/NPS/SOW, vendor management, process improvement, communication, and training coordination for the workforce management team.

Accomplishments and Contributions:
Responsible for SAFe 5.0, Agile methodologies, PI planning (Program Increment), Kanban XP, Iterative and incremental deliverables, and Hybrid approach. Currently, Spire (aka, Simplified Advocate Experience) desktop program has 10 weeks of PI with 2 weeks of Sprint cycles. Leading 4 Scrum teams that include onshore and offshore teams. To ensure that all product owners have enough backlog of capabilities for the Scrum teams, all capabilities have well-defined descriptions, the scope is well-defined based on business value-added requirements and user stories are groomed properly with use cases, scenarios, snapshots, and mock-ups. Responsible for preparing, and prioritizing the roadmap based on PI planning and assigned capabilities in each PIs and communicating with business partners and all Scrum teams. We have implemented more than 700 user stories and integrated with the Salesforce Lightning application, Basic Benefits, Benefits UI, Claims Research and UI, Claims Status, Auto doc, ORS, Genesys/WWE integration (Advocates receive live calls via IVR), Provider and Member Snapshot, Provider Overview, Benefits-Financials, Benefits Policy, Eligibility Verification, Referrals, and Alerts, etc., Once Desktop is fully integrated then iSET legacy system will be decommissioned.
Responsible for delivering capabilities for reducing daily call handling time and call transfers for advocates-estimated savings of $ 35 million in call transfers per year. Partnering with cross-functional API teams, System Analysts, and Solution Architects for APIs (Application Programming Interface), widgets readiness, end-to-end design workflow, UI/UX, and wireframes ready so that developers can complete the user stories development and implement them on time. Responsible for partnering up with RTE (Release Train Engineer) for Release, PI planning, and for Sprint demo after Sprint is complete with Business Product Owners and Scrum teams, involving advocates for their feedback, received enormous “Excellent” feedback for exceeding providers and advocates experience and expectations.
Trained more than 10 new Product Owners, Product Managers, and Scrum Masters in Agile methodologies to implement new techniques of Agile practices, trained them in Aha and Rally integrations.

Scott County Government Center, Shakopee, MN 2017-2019
IT Program Manager
Responsible for managing several projects, IT, Business, and Vendor Management. Currently managing $ 15-$20 million projects, using Agile and waterfall methodologies. Implemented Facilities and Highway Asset Management applications for Public Works, Facilities, and Highway departments. Responsible for improving CRM processes for the county. Implementing Smart-Link transit program for Scott and Carver-county citizens. Managing Land Records and Data Scanning program, indexing, scanning, images, microfilms, negatives, land records, vitals, and statistics, etc., responsible for vendor management, RFP/RFI, SOW, KPIs, NPS, process improvement, hosted environment, and integration with various application.
Accomplishments and Contributions:
Implemented Cartegraph Asset Management software for Facilities and Highway departments in a hosted environment, decommissioned 360 legacy system, improved CRM process, order management, inventory tracking, procurement of equipment and materials, work orders, resource allocations, notifications, tasks assigned process has significantly improved. Highway and Facilities preventive maintenance with accurate assessment thru Cartegraph Software. Integrated with Lawson/Infor for resource billing, budgeting, and financial reporting purposes. Saved $1.5 million.
Responsible for the entire life cycle of Program and Project Management, Idea Review, Capital Budget, SOW, Contract Negotiation with Vendor, Project Charter, RFP, Requirements Analysis, Project Phases-start to finish, steering committee, change request, critical milestones, deliverables, and project statuses, etc.,
Implementing Smart-Link transit program, TripSpark-Novus Med Software will be implemented to provide prompt and accurate services to all passengers and those who need medical-related transit services, Project involves an Agile, and Hybrid approach. Confluence and JIRA are being used for product backlog tracking, sprint stories assignments, and sprint accomplishments. Integration with Infor and other legacy systems testing is being accomplished in parallel. In daily scrum meetings, sprint progress, velocity, burndown, and burn-up charts are discussed, and a plan of action is created for the next Sprint meeting.
Implementing Land Records and Legacy Data Scanning Software in a hosted environment, all land records, vital statistics, negatives, microfilms, imaging, and indexing will be done in different phases, cloud environment security roles and AD access will be provided to users. All digital records will be stored in a cloud environment and old books and records will be stored in a secured location. This project involves, Waterfall and Kanban XP approach both.

Optum Care-United Health Group, Minneapolis, MN 2015-2017
IT Program Manager
Managed multiple projects worth over $45-$60 million using Agile methodologies. Coordinated with project teams for IT development. Implemented Arizona Re-pipe for business owners and Implemented ASHA (Annual Senior Health Assessment) form for senior citizens, critical disease diagnosis, follow-ups, and required treatment. Partner in Project Investment planning, financial planning, estimates, forecasts, Clarity, preparing weekly and monthly budget trackers, providing weekly updates to business owners and stakeholders, and updating 7 block reports and program status reports.
Accomplishments and Contributions:
Implemented supplemental patients’ and providers’ data into the HEDIS STAR tool across the U.S. market and secured a databank for launch.
The trained project team and business on Agile Methodologies, and Scrum metrics, Scrum process, and Kanban.
Current Projects: Implementing ACO (Accountable Care Organization) data implementation for Care Manager Application. Utah-based claims and providers data, coordination with various functional teams to process claims in Facets and send data to downstream systems. Saved $2million.

Ameriprise Financial Inc., Minneapolis, MN 2013-2015
Sr. Program Manager
Managed and executed multiple projects for corporate IT and business partners worth $35 million. Used Agile methodologies, Kanban, Six Sigma, and Waterfall. Ensured the safety of users and system files by backing up all files on the system to facilitate recreating the system after a hardware crash of a system disk drive. Coordinated delivery of appropriate technical resources for users. Coordinated and executed installation, maintenance, and upgrading of computing systems. Assigned and maintained user account resources, reset passwords, loaded applications on the system, monitoring system resources, and conducted the annual server component inventory.
Accomplishments and Contributions:
Implemented Enterprise System Administration, product development, SaaS, vendor interface, security access, systems integration, alliances with UHG and BCBS, HIPPA 4010 to 5010 conversion, Medicare claims for Part A and Part B, EMR and HIPPA compliance and regulations.
Automated mortgage forms, and bonds, improved mutual funds and application process, enhanced investments process and customers experience, implemented automated credit check information, auto-generated emails to customers, security, and e-GRC (Governance and Compliance) for IT and business. Saved $1.5million.

Target Corporation, Minneapolis, MN 2010-2013
Sr. Program Manager
Led $50 million system conversion. Collected business specification requirements (RSA), and ensure compliance with IT, business, and other governing bodies in the U.S. and overseas. Focused on business process, customer relations, CRM, change management, order management, sales improvement process, invoicing and billing, and vendor management. Used Agile Methodologies, Waterfall, Six Sigma: Rapid Improvement Process, Kaizen, DMAIC, and PMBOK.
Accomplishments and Contributions:
Migrated from MAXIMO legacy system to SAP-25+M dollars project.
Small business systems enhancements for various applications for global Target Technology Services-26+M dollars project. Saved 1.5M dollars.
All applications within Corporate Systems migrated to the Win7 environment-35+M dollars project. Saved 2.5M dollars. Keystone global GIS for all locations, target.com-27+M dollars project. Responsible for improvising systems, Credit Management System, Vendor Management, Contractor Procurement, and Team Member Management. Implemented compliance project for OFAC (Office of Foreign Assets and Control)-35+M dollars project. Saved 2M dollars.

Prior Experience and Accomplishments:
Sr. Project Manager-Ceridian-2008-2010-$28 million project, Saved $1.75 million
Sr. Project Manager-Home Depot-2006-2008-$25million project, Saved $1.5 million
Sr. Project Manager-Lowe’s-2003-2006-$25million project, Saved $1.5million
Sr. Project Manager-Wal-Mart-2000-2003-$28million project, Saved $1.75million
Sr. Project Manager-Best Buy-1999-2000-$20million project, Saved $1.75million
Sr. Business Analyst/Project Leader-KPMG-1996-1999-$17million project, Saved $1million

EDUCATION:
Masters’ Degree, HRM, Marymount University, VA
Masters’ Degree, PMIR, LNMI
Contact this candidate