Lambert Djeumen PSM II, SSM, AWS
Scrum Master
Profile
A professional certified Project Manager with over 8 years of experience working in software delivery projects. Highly committed to serving and guiding the team in its efforts to deliver value. Very passionate about coaching, mentoring, and teaching teams, product owners and organization on how to adopt agile best practices and principles. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with a great ability to collaborate with team members and foster a tremendous business growth. Proficient in using agile project management tool such as JIRA/confluence for tracking and managing projects. Employment History
April 2021 - Sept 2022 BOA Sept 2022 - Present CITI
● Facilitate Scrum routines i.e. Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Backlog Refinement, Sprint Demos/Reviews, and Sprint Retrospectives.
● Collaborates with Product owner and development team member’s to prioritize and define stories using JIRA.
● Coordinates the work between onshore based in US and offshore team based in India.
● Integrate with project, technology and business partners to manage the projects and be proactive in gathering status updates from partners, while minimizing impact.
● Able to influence and negotiate both vertically and horizontally to obtain agreement between partners.
● Ensures the team has a healthy Product and Sprint backlog (in collaboration with the Product Owner).
● Provides visibility into the Agile team’s delivery plans and progress against plan to stakeholders.
● Measures team delivery, maturity, and performance and reviews the metrics with the team to identify improvement opportunities November 2015 March 2021
● Introduced rigor and discipline into the team's management of key initiatives and work streams through standardized project management practices
● Led and facilitated Scrum work, Sprint planning, Stand ups, etc. for the team
● Coach team in the creation and maintenance of their respective backlog
● Maintained and curated team's book of work and manage multiple tasks simultaneously in a collaborative atmosphere
● Communicated organizational impediments to leadership and cleared impediments for the team
● Created an environment of collaboration within the teams that allowed for open dialogue and productive solutions for resolving conflicts
● Looked for opportunities for improvement to the overall effectiveness of the team
Details
United States, (423) -200-9555
Skills
Interpersonal Communication Skills
Ability to Work Under Pressure
Highly organized and efficient
Effective Time Management
Agile Project Management
Change Management
Business Intelligence
Business Development
Agile Methodologies
Ability to Multitask
Good team player
Servant Leader
Adaptability
Confluence
SQL
Kanban
JIRA
ad8808@r.postjobfree.com
Scrum Master at J.B Hunt Transportation, Tulsa, OK Project Manager/Scrum Master at Bank Of America, Dallas, TX Project Manager/Scrum Master
Project Manager/Scrum Master at Bank Of America, Dallas, TX & CITI Bank, Irving, TX Manage the complete lifecycle of technology product implementations. Including Project initiation, planning, development, testing, implementation and closeout. Interpersonal Communication Skills
Lambert Djeumen PSM II, SSM, AWS, PMP
● Brought ideas from professional facilitation, coaching, conflict management, mediation, etc. to mature the team's project management and Agile delivery
● Ensured partnership with key stakeholders, to ensure projects delivered to reduce friction and/or achieve control outcomes Program Manager at Masergy Communications, Plano, TX March 2015 — October 2016
● Encouraged ideas for product innovation, improved user experience, and met our corporate goals for growth and cost structures
● Developed business cases for ideas that help prioritize road maps
● Worked with business development on market opportunities and market trends
● Designed user personas that reflect how our product is used and drove user experience improvements
● Collaborated on ideas that drive value and profitability and looked for opportunities to apply core claims engine capabilities into new revenue streams in state, federal, or commercial markets
● Created buy-in for product vision internally and externally
● Worked with product managers, architecture, engineering, and released management to ensure product releases are delivered on time with quality
● Acted as a product evangelist to build awareness and understanding
● Represented the company by visiting customers, worked with operations and implementation teams to solicit feedback on company products and services
January 2014 February 2015
● Attended and presented program financials at monthly customer program reviews
● Worked with billing department to ensure prompt and accurate monthly invoicing
● Performed monthly variance analysis on program financials. Act as a key technical expert on financial analysis issues.
● Managed of program Accounts Receivable tasks, to include invoicing, unbilled analysis, and resolution of billing issues.
● Monitored spending versus plan and notifies management promptly of any over runs/under runs.
● Monitored the status of financial accounts, ensuring that contract charges accurately reflect the correct labor hours and rates, subcontractor costs and other direct costs.
● Subcontracted accruals management - ensure subcontractor costs are fully accounted
● Interfaced with management, responding to their requests for financial data.
Education
Bachelor of Science, Faulkner University Montgomery, Montgomery, AL August 2010 — May 2014
Certifications
PSM I - Certified Professional Scrum Master I
Financial Analyst at Cisco Systems Inc, Tulsa, OK
PSM II - Certified Professional Scrum Master II
SSM - Certified SAFe5 Scrum Master
AWS - Amazon Web Services Architect
AWS - Amazon Web Services Architect
PMP - Project Mamangement Professional
Contact this candidate