SUMMARY:
Proven experience in manage multiple concurrent projects using both agile and waterfall approaches (PMP – earned in 2009, Certified Scrum Master (CSM) – earned in 2010)
Over 20 years of experience in project management, data analytics, software development, design, implementation and support.
Proven experience in gathering projects requirements, creating projects plans, managing projects budgets and successful projects deliveries.
Proven experience in scheduling and leading scrum meetings, assigning tasks to team members and track project deliveries.
·Hands-on expertise in the management and implementation of large, complex distributed applications used in Prime Brokerage and Capital market.
Experience in managing technical teams including Developers, Business Analysts, DBAs, QAs and integration engineers.
Strength in building cooperation between teams and clients. Proven leadership to support strategic business objectives across complex environments.
Over 20 years of experience in the financial industry, including designing and implementing software for collateral management systems, Prime Brokerage, Basel regulatory compliances and AIRB projects.
Experience in all stages of the software development lifecycle for both agile and waterfall approaches.
In-depth knowledge and experience in information systems architecture and software design methodologies.
Hands-on expertise in the management and implementation of large, complex distributed applications used in capital market.
Effective communicator with extensive experience in translation business goals into technical solutions.

Technical Skills:
Tools: MS Project, Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, MS Visio, MS Excel, MS Word
Version Control: Git, SVN, Bitbucket
Programming Languages: Python, C#, C++, JAVA, C, SQL, XML
Databases: ORACLE, PostgreSQL, SQL SERVER
Operating Systems: Linux, Windows
Third party tools/libraries: Quartz, Tableau, Google Cloud Platform, Google BigQuery, Asset Control

Other related skills:
Proven ability to deliver complex software projects successfully with completion of all targeted deliveries on-time.
Proven experience in manage of off-shore resources.
Substantial understanding of financial markets and financial products.
Proven ability to think analytically and make effective decisions under pressure.
Leadership experience including technical supervision and mentoring.

CAREER PROGRESSION:

Equitable Bank 02.2021 - 08.2023
Technical Project Manager /Scrum Master
Enterprise Risk Managment. Model Development team
Model Development team used the concept of “Product-oriented Delivery” (POD). As Technical Project Manager /Scrum Master coordinated and managed multiple AIRB Model Development projects. Scheduled and run POD (Scrum) meetings. Created projects plans and managed teams to ensure successful projects delivery.
For project deliveries used both Scrum and Kanban frameworks. Enforced saving all required project artifacts in Atlassian Confluence. Helped validation team in developing overall test strategy, test plan and test cases. Helped gathering requirements for AIRB projects.
Scheduled required POD meetings with business owners and synchronized development and validation schedule. Track progress and helped resolve issues and obstacles to ensure completion model development as planned. Developed and maintained strong relationships with vendors and contactors that helped to improve service levels and ensure solutions were delivered on-time.

Achievements:
Successfully built relationships with model development team and business users, vendors and contactors, that helped to ensure successful completion of all targeted deliveries.

Tools: Atlassian Confluence, MS Teams, Atlassian Jira, MS Excel, MS Project.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch 05.2019 – 11.2020
Market Risk Time Series Suite
Project Lead

Designed, developed and tested different modules for Market Risk Time\Series Suit development e:
Was responsible for planning, collecting requirements, data analysis, design, implementation, support and integration testing.
Developed and maintained strong relationships with capital market team that that helped to delivered solution on-time.
Redesigned and implemented reporting framework in order to minimize changes required for new reports implementation.
Helped validation team in developing overall test strategy, test plan and test cases.
Designed and implemented log analyzer framework using Quartz, Python, Pandas.

Achievements:
Successfully built relationships with Market Risk team and business users, that helped to ensure successful completion of all targeted deliveries.

Technical Platform:
Windows using C#, Python, MS Excel, SQL, Quartz, REST API,
Json

Scotiabank 10.2015 – 02.2019 Risk management Information Technology Application Development – Market Risk
Project Manager/Development Manager/Scrum Master Managed RMIT market risk team that is responsible for applications which are used to enable Market Risk processes for Scotiabank:
Gathering market and trading data from external and internal sources.
Scheduled and lead scrum meetings for multiple concurrent projects.
Calculation using RiskWatch, the Bank’s standard risk engine.
Aggregation and reporting VaR and Stress testing results.
Managed market risk development team budget, resource allocation and scheduling. Lead planning and execution of Market Risk team projects work plans. Created projects, project budgets and managed funds to ensure successful projects delivery, Gathered requirements for multiple Market Risk projects. Delivered multiple projects for Market Risk. Directed development team efforts to achieve team and product development goals, objectives and milestones. Overseen solutions for development initiatives and managed second level support of market risk applications. Recruit and mentor software development team members. Conducted performance evaluations for market risk development team members. Negotiated and managed contracts with vendors and contractors. Helped validation team in developing overall test strategy, test plan and test cases.
Developed and maintained strong relationships with vendors and contactors that helped to improve service levels and ensure solutions were delivered on-time. Created project budgets and managing funds to ensure successful project delivery.
Achievements:
Introduced the Agile process for market risk team that helped significantly improve development process. Scheduled and lead scrum meeting and assigned tasks to team members. Track progress and resolve issues.
Lead development of consolidated market data solution including management of vendors and contractors. This Project is based on vendor solution (Asset Control) and allowed consolidation of all historical market data.
Lead development of migration Market Risk calculation engine to Google Cloud Platform,
Successfully delivered to production new market risk reporting framework, that allow capital market data analysis team drill down and investigate daily changes in VaR and Stress testing and build Market Risk reports.
Built and managed highly productive development team that is responsible for support existing Market Risk applications and new development initiatives.
Successfully built relationships with end users that helped to choose best solution that meets business requirements. vendor management Asset control
Technical Platform and Tools:
Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, MS Project, MS Excel, MS Visiso, Linux, Solaris, Windows using Java, C++, Python, SQL, XML, SYBASE, ORACLE, Tableau, Asset Control, Google Cloud Platform, Google BigQuery, PostgreSQL, SOAP

Bank of America Merrill Lynch 10.2009 – 10.2015
Prime Brokerage Margin and Risk Technologies Vise President,
Project Manager/Scrum Master/ Development Manager
Project Manager/Scrum Master/Development Manager of Prime Brokerage margin calculators development team. Designed and delivered Margin Calculator framework that used for collateral management and settlements - highly configurable margin engine with the ability to apply any combination of margin rules and hedge strategies across multi asset client portfolios. Managed multiple projects and distributed team of developers and business analysts to ensure solutions were delivered on-time. Created projects plans, project budgets and managed funds. Partner with end users (Prime Brokerage business team) to identify and develop requirements. Integrated newly created solutions in existing Prime Brokerage Margin system and managed second level support for delivered solution. Gathered requirements, created project plans, managed project schedules and milestones. Helped validation and end users teams in developing overall test strategy, test plan and test cases. Managed the hiring and interviewing process of development staff including contactors in Toronto and New Jersey offices. Conducted performance evaluations for development team members. Managed work of contractors worked in Toronto and New Jersey offices. Scheduled and lead scrum meeting and assigned tasks to team members. Track progress and resolve issues / obstacles to ensure adherence to critical path. Negotiated and managed contracts with vendors and contractors.
Development Manager/ Scrum Master of Back testing calculator for IMM (internal model method) project. Scheduled and lead scrum meeting and assigned tasks to team members. Gathered requirements, designed and managed development. Was responsible for integration testing and production support.
Project Manager /Scrum Master of RADAR –risk calculators management system for Prime Brokerage clients. Gathered requirements, designed and managed development. Defined project scopes and created project plans, ensured alignment of project plans with functional and business specs, managed project schedules and milestones. Scheduled and lead scrum meeting and assigned tasks to team members. Track progress and resolve issues / obstacles to ensure adherence to critical path.
Achievements:
Designed and managed development of Margin Calculator framework that used for collateral management by Prime Brokerage business team.
Built and managed highly productive Toronto and New Jersey based calculator development team for Prime Brokerage Margin and Risk Technologies.
Successfully built relationships with end users that helped to choose and implement system solution that best meets business requirements
Ensured successful completion of all targeted deliveries

Technical Platforms and tools:
Linux, Windows using MS Project, MS Excel, Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, C++, Java, STL, Boost, JNI, Python, SQL, XML, HTTP, Proprietary Bank of America Merrill Lynch Big Data solution (Quartz), REST api,
,
ALGORITHMICS, www.algorithmics.com 2001 – 2009
Algorithmics is the world's leading provider of enterprise financial risk management solutions

“RiskWatch” Development Group
Project Lead / Senior Software Engineer – (2005 – 2009)
Software Engineer -- (2001 – 2005)
Component Owner/Project Lead of SimExporter - framework for exporting results from Risk Management calculation engines to reporting/limits management systems as well as to other third-party targets. SimExprter is integrated part of Algo Credit Risk Solution. As Component Owner/Project Lead was responsible for collecting requirements, planning, design, development, support and integration testing. SimExporter consists of multiple applications that were developed on C++, Java, and XML. Organized and ran lunch and learning sessions.
Key role in implementation of Basel2 project. Designed, developed, and maintained RiskWatch core framework. Implemented financial models for Basel2 AIRB projects. Customized Basel2 financial models based on specific customer requirements.
Developed, supported and maintained key areas of RiskWatch such as simulation, pricing of different financial instrument including OTC derivatives, scenario generation, aggregation, collateral management and settlement. Re-factored storage and manipulation of financial data in RiskWatch. Designed, developed and supported Complex Attribute Framework – framework for storage and manipulation of data. RiskWatch application is an enterprise-wide software solution designed to measure, monitor, simulate, and restructure financial risk.
Developed and supported RiskWatch Service solution – effectively ran RiskWatch in multithreaded Service mode.
Achievements:
Recognized as Subject Matter Expert on the RiskWatch application, As Component Owner/Project Lead of SimExporter and Subject Matter Expert on the RiskWatch application communicated with clients in order to identify their needs and support their daily operations
Developed frameworks and modules critical to success of RiskWatch application.
One of key contributors to the integration efforts of all products within Risk Management Suite
Technical Platform:
UNIX OS (Solaris, Linux, AIX) using C++, STL, Java, C, SQL, TCP/IP socket programming, Threads, XML, JMS, HTTP.

EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Gain Project Insights through JQ
Generative AI Overview for Project Managers
Excel 365:. Conditional formatting, outline with subtotals and groups, display data
graphically with charts and sparklines, PivotTables, PivotCharts.
SDN Lean Agile Foundation (Bank of America)
Agile technical practices train and trainer seminar
iLead Managing & Leading Change (Scotiabank)
Agile Essentials (TEK Systems)
Advanced Python (Bank of America)
Leading In Turbulent Times: The Shackleton Leadership Experience (Bank of America)
Certified Scrum Master Training (FoxHedge Ltd)
PMP Project Management Professional Certification
Comprehensive Project Management Seminar UofT Professional Development Centre
Algo Capital: Basel 2 Solution seminars (Algorithmics)
JAVA Advance Workshop (Algorithmics)
Financial Risk Management seminars (Algorithmics)
Effective C++ by Scott Meyers (Algorithmics)
Oracle 8 Database Administration. Oracle Corporation.
Programming in Client/Server Environment Unix, C, Oracle(SQL, SQL*PLUS,
PL/SQL,) John Bryce Training Ltd, (550 hours)

B.Eng. Moscow State University of Civil Engineering
Contact this candidate