David A. Walker
ad88df@r.postjobfree.com
225-***-****
Basins:
Appalachian / Marcellus, Permian, Delaware, Eagle Ford
Certifications:
TWIC, Safe Land, CPR
Software and Programs:
Mud Man, Mud pro, Microsoft Office
Mud Systems:
OBM, Synthetic OBM, Water base, Brine/Cut Brine, Brine emulsion, Bentonite gel, Salt gel, KCL, Polymer, Air drilling KCL.
Experience:
11/2020 – Present TSI Gulf Coast
Project Manager for brokering MGO fuel purchasing for US government naval vessels.
08/2019 – 04/2020 PFE Services
Drilling fluids consultant. Experienced in running all field operations including, but not limited to, oil based systems with heavy weights in pressured zones, relaxed filtrate systems, water based fluids in fresh water and brine operations. Adequately running lost circulation and increased pressure operations. Ran closed loop. Maintained full wellbore integrity and accurate volume tracking, precise product additives and dilution rates, optimal engineered wellbore stability for operator proficiency.
04/2018 –07/2019 Rig Up Consulting Services
Drilling fluids consultant. Experienced in running all field operations including, but not limited to, oil based systems with heavy weights in pressured zones, relaxed filtrate systems, water based fluids in fresh water and brine operations. Adequately running lost circulation and increased pressure operations. Ran closed loop and reserve pit circulating procedures. Maintained full wellbore integrity and accurate volume tracking, precise product additives and dilution rates, optimal engineered wellbore stability for operator proficiency.
02/2017 – 03/2018 Rocky Mountain Consulting Services, Colorado Springs, CO, Mud Engineer
Drilling fluids consultant. Experienced in running all field operations including, but not limited to, oil based systems with heavy weights in pressured zones, relaxed filtrate systems, water based fluids in fresh water and brine operations. Adequately running lost circulation and increased pressure operations. Ran closed loop and reserve pit circulating procedures. Maintained full wellbore integrity and accurate volume tracking, precise product additives and dilution rates, optimal engineered wellbore stability for operator proficiency.

08/2016 – 02/2017 Buckeye INC, Midland, TX, Mud Engineer
Drilling fluids consultant. Experienced in running all field operations including, but not limited to, oil based systems with heavy weights in pressured zones, relaxed filtrate systems, water based fluids in fresh water and brine operations. Adequately running lost circulation and increased pressure operations. Ran closed loop and reserve pit circulating procedures. Maintained full wellbore integrity and accurate volume tracking, precise product additives and dilution rates, optimal engineered wellbore stability for operator proficiency.
01/2015 – 03/2015 DFE Tech, Drilling Fluids engineer school
Certificate awarded for Drilling Fluids engineer.
2011 – 2015 XPG / NSD, Physical Security Specialist
Security supervisor responsible for overseeing day to day security operations. Duties included scheduling and supervising American advisors and a 300 + local guard force. Responsible for training new personal on Force Protection procedures and base security technologies which included Seek and Hide biometrics, T10, Rapid Scan, Persistent Threat Detection System (PTDS), Closed Circuit TV (CCTV), Forward Looking Infrared Radiometer system (FLIR). Assembling a Quick Reaction Force (QRF) and training to meet the bases security needs.
2008 – 2011 U.S. Department of State, Diplomatic Security
Assigned as an Assistant Team Lead (ATL) to a High Threat Protection Team for the Department of States (DoS) U.S. Embassy Baghdad, Iraq whose specialty was executing low profile movements with little to no signature. As an ATL I was tasked with mission planning which included attending intelligence briefs, threat analysis of roads and venues, route selection, pre mission briefs and executing movement of DoS Personnel which included executives, congressional delegates/staff and distinguished visitors. Collateral duties included mentoring and training new team members on the teams operational procedures and keeping inventory of all assigned team gear i.e. vehicles, weapons, radios, maps.
2006 - 2008 U.S. Department of State, Diplomatic Security Emergency Response Team
Assigned as a member of a emergency response element supporting the Department of States mission in Iraq. Team responsibilities included but not limited to TRAP Missions, Quick Reaction Force (QRF), Personnel Recovery (PRE) and response to any NATO personnel in distress in our area of operations. Personal responsibilities included, maintenance of crew served weapons, vehicles, route planning and briefing, mentoring and training new team members on standard operational procedures (SOPs).
2001 – 2005 Seargent United States Marine Corps. 2nd Battalion 8th Marines Rifleman 0311
09/2004-08/2005: Instructor U.S.M.C. Urban Warfare Training Center March Air Force Reserve Base, Riverside CA. Responsible for Instructing on numerous counter insurgency tactics, techniques, and procedures to units prior to combat deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. Responsibilities also included Intelligence briefs, creating realistic training scenarios involving simunitions, and grooming training areas to resemble real world combat zones. Observer and Controller duties were involved during training scenarios.
11/2003-05/2004: Operation Enduring Freedom 5, Bagram/Asadabad, Afghanistan. Company Radio Operator/Squad leader in combat operations while attached to CJTF 180 and OGA. During deployment participated in TRAP, QRF, Raid, Force Protection, and PSD missions. Personal responsibilities included but were not limited to personnel and equipment accountability,
01/2003-06/2003: OIF 1 (Invasion of Iraq), Battle of Nasiriya, Al Kut, Al Diwaniyah. 0311 Rifleman / Platoon Radio Operator for 3rd Platoon, Golf Company 2nd Battalion 8th Marines. Responsibilities participating in Raids, Combat Operations, PSD for unit Commanders, and maintaining communications with high and adjacent units.
Certificates and references available upon request
Contact this candidate