Valentin Morar
Phone: (***) *** - **** Email: ad89oa@r.postjobfree.com
Project manager with 15+ years of design, development, and manufacturing experience. Focused on cross-functional management of multiple teams in technology, infrastructure, chemical, and industrial manufacturing. Collaborative spirit motivated by taking ownership of projects from conception to completion.
Professional Experience:
Project Manager - Sigma Design, March 2021 – Present. Vancouver, WA.
Production development & engineering consulting firm.
●Lead confidential R&D projects from conception to final system test and ship.
●Main point of contact between customer and vendors for material sourcing and procurement.
●Developed scope, scheduling, and execution process for inline production.
●Owned planning for process engineers, software development, design, fabrication, and product testing teams.
Project Manager - Sulzer Pumping Equipment, March 2019 – Jan 2021. Portland, OR.
Industrial Pump and Flow Systems Engineering and Manufacturing Company.
●Managed large scale industrial pumping system installation projects valued at $10+ Million.
●Lead customer contact for energy sectors largest companies such as BP Oil, Shell, and Pembina Pipeline.
●Monitor and communicate all assigned project deliverables
●Collaborated with procurement and planning teams to mitigate schedule risks, meet delivery, and evaluate costs.

Project Estimator/Manager - Flowserve Corporation, June 2016 – March 2019. Vancouver, WA.
Pumps, Valves, and Mechanical Seals manufacturer and repair.
●Team up with engineering to upgrade manufacturing technology and product efficiency improvements.
●Lead production planning, scheduling, and reporting.
●Created estimations and engineering upgrade portfolios for repair and retrofitting industrial flow equipment.
●Demand forecasting and materials management.
Education:
●Portland State University: BS in Business Administration /Finance Degree. Graduated in 2006.
●Lean and Agile training. Completed - 2018.
Operating Systems and Software Knowledge:
SAP, Windows XP, Windows 8, Microsoft Office (Excel, Outlook) Access, QuickBooks, IQMS (Oracle), Job Boss.
Contact this candidate