JAMES BONGHOR SESAY

Director of Political and Public Affairs: Ministry of Political and Public Affairs (MPPA)

Name: James Bonghor Sesay
Date of Birth: 1st January 1971
Marital Status: Married
Mobile: 076-370-185
Email: ad8951@r.postjobfree.com
Address: 8A Barthurst village, Freetown, Sierra Leone, West Africa
PERSONAL INFORMATION
I am a Sierra Leonean by Nationality, and born on 1st January, 1971 in Freetown. I graduated with a Bachelors Degree in Education (Economics optional), Master in Sociology and Master in Economic at Njala University in Sierra Leone. I later proceeded to Ghana, where I graduated with a Master of Public Sector Management Degree, at the Ghana Institute of Public Administration and Management (GIMPA), in the year 2014. I acquired Certificates in Computer Application and Appreciation in MS Word, Excel and Power point from different Computer Training Institutions in Sierra Leone and very experienced in computer applications and processes.

I have acquired over 21 years of work experience, ranging from the Sierra Leone Armed Forces as Infantry from 1990 to 2001, before proceeding on Secondment as Internal Auditor, attached to the Ministry of Defence in Freetown, from 2001-2008. I also worked as Administrative Assistant and later promoted to the position of Resident Technical Facilitator (World Bank Consultant on Local Governance Administration), at the Decentralisation Secretariat under the Ministry of Local Government and Rural Development in Freetown from 2008 to 2016. At the Decentralisation Secretariat, some of my responsibilities were, to facilitate effective communications within all structures in the Local Governance System, support project design, implementation, monitoring and coordination, support Local Councils in developing Strategic, Development and Annual Work Plan and Budget and ensure effective project implementation in line with the Country’s Medium Term national Development Plan. Train Local Council administration, Word Development Committees and Community Based Organizations on project design, coordination, implementation and monitoring to enhance value for money. Support Local Councils in developing strategic guidelines in the promotion of Local Economic development.

I also worked as District Data Analyst in the Ebola Recovery programme in 2016, responsible for the collection and analysis of data on health, education, agriculture, social protection and other devolved sectors activities, in line with the government’s strategic framework on the recovery programme.

I am currently the Director and Professional Head in the Ministry of Political and Public Affairs (MPPA), responsible to identify issues of national concerns and develop project proposals for implementation, monitoring and coordination of such projects in collaboration with other line Ministries, Civil Society Organisations and other key stakeholders. I am supervising 19 Technical and Professional Staff, ranging from Policy Analysts, Political and public Affairs Officers, Regional Coordinators etc. I am also responsible for the development of the Ministry’s Strategic, Development and annual work Plan and Annual budget of the Ministry. I am also responsible to support the Hon. Minister in the designing of Cabinet papers and other relevant government policies and programmes and also channel complains about the public, appeals and representation on issues of good governance to the office of H.E the President for consideration etc.
SKILLS
Project design, Implementation, Monitoring & Coordination
Policy Analysis AND Strategic Management
Computer Application & Appreciation (MS Word, Excel, Access & Power Point)
EDUCATION
JANUARY 2014 - DECEMBER 2014.
MASTER AT GHANA INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT & PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION (GIMPA): DEGREE –PUBLIC SECTOR MANAGEMENT
I possess project management capabilities because project management knowledge, skills, and abilities in both academic and practical terms are evident in the current field of work.

2009-2010
MASTERS OF SCIENCE IN ECONOMICS (MSC ECONOMICS) AT NJALA UNIVERSITY
The Master of Science in Economics degree program has provided me with a solid understanding of the fundamental tools of economic analysis that are employed to conduct rigorous study of economic issues and economic policies. The program’s Master’s degree in economics, is considered a stepping stone to a PhD in Economics and concentrates on contributions to academic research
Modules include econometrics, micro-economics, macro-economics, labour economics, et al. I believe that with my knowledge in the field of economics, managing a project will be easier because of the additional competencies and practical orientation acquired.
2008-2009
MASTER OF SCIENCE IN SOCIOLOGY AT NJALA UNIVERSITY
Sociology gives me the ability to design and translate policy into actionable activities that create space for societal needs. I have the ability to understand issues of concern and effectively design implementable activities that will answer to issues identified. Reading sociology at the master level has enabled me to understand of human behavior in accordance with changes in government policies and programmes. It also enables me to understand social behavior, society, patterns of social relationships, social interaction, and culture that surround everyday life. It enables me to use methods of empirical investigation and critical analysis to develop a body of knowledge about social order and social change. It has also capacitated me to conduct research that may be applied directly to social policy and welfare and a theoretical understanding of social processes. My analytical skills have ranges from micro-level analyses of society to macro-level analyses that deal with systems and social structure.
With so many classes and delivering presentations on government micro and macro policies, I was able to build a strong portfolio of work that is invaluable in landing me my current role.
2003-2008
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE ECONOMICS (BSC ECONOMICS) AT NJALA UNIVERSITY
Practically, societal and organizational needs have to be assessed for informed decisions that answer questions or problem-solving. I possess the ability to analyze and proffer solutions to problems effectively using my skills and ability to do so because of my problem-solving skills.
EXPERIENCE
2016-DATE
DIRECTOR OF POLITICAL AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS AT MINISTRY OF POLITICAL AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS (MPPA)
Duties and Responsibilities
To serve as a liaison between the Executive and Parliament,
To monitor progress of the Executive legislative programmes in Parliament,
To maintain contact with the public,
To identify issues of national concern and encourage public debate on such issues
To propagate the programmes of government,
To liaise between government and the public, and
To channel public complaints, appeals and representation to the office of the President.
Project design, implementation, monitoring and evaluation
To support the Permanent Secretary in providing leadership in the day to day administration of the Ministry.
Identify issues of national concerns and develop project proposals for implementation, monitoring and coordination of such projects in collaboration with other line Ministries, Civil Society Organisations and other key stakeholders.
Supervise 19 Technical and Professional Staff, ranging from Policy Analysts, Political and public Affairs Officers, Regional Coordinators etc. I am also responsible for the development of the Ministry’s Strategic, Development and annual work Plan and Annual budget of the Ministry.
Support the Hon. Minister in the designing of Cabinet papers and other relevant government policies and programmes and also channel complains for the public, appeals and representation on issues of good governance to the office of H.E the President for consideration.
MARCH 2016-JULY 2016
DISTRICT DATA ANALYST AT GOVERNMENT OF SIERRA LEONE-EBOLA EMERGENCY RECOVERY
Duties and Responsibilities
• Consult with project team and business liaison to identify and analyze needs.
• Attend fact-gathering sessions (when applicable), analyze and solve problems with some assistance
• Develops business oriented data dictionaries.
• Profiles the data to measure quality and integrity of the data collected.
• Develop systems specifications based on business rules, specifications and process flows
• Implement tools, scripts, queries or applications for accessing and analyzing data and associated metadata.
• Perform unit and system integration testing.
• Design and develop training for end-users
2008-2010
PROJECT ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT AT MINISTRY OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT: DECENTRALISATION SECRETARIAT (WORLD BANK DECENTRALISED SERVICE DELIVERY PROJECT)
Duties and Responsibilities
Administrative Assistants
As Administrative Assistant, I performed a variety of administrative and clerical duties with a higher degree of responsibility.
General Office Tasks
Performs a variety of administrative tasks including, answer telephones, file records, type and maintain documents, and assist clients, bookkeeping and financial transactions.
Information Tasks
Gather information to help the organization accomplish tasks include, searching databases, retrieving files, or maintaining records.
2008-2015
RESIDENT TECHNICAL FACILITATOR (LOCAL CONSULTANT)
AT THE MINISTRY OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT (DECENTRALISATION SECRETARIAT) -WORLD BANK PROJECT
Duties and Responsibilities
Accountable for the development, design, planning, implementation and monitoring of Local Council projects/programs.
Coordinate all developmental activities in the Local Governance structure
Facilitate effective communication within all structures in the Local Governance system
Train Ward Development Committee on community monitoring and project design, implementation, monitoring and evaluation
Provide mentoring and coaching support to Local Council and Ward Development Committee for the effective implementation of devolved sector projects
To prepare and submit periodic report to the Ministry responsible for Local Governance and the Decentralisation Secretariat.
Supervise and report on projects implemented by Local Council and devolved sectors
Support the Local Councils in developing Development and Strategic plans and monitor their implementations
Ensure budget credibility in the implementation of Local Council activities.
Coordinate devolved sector meetings and follow-up on activity plans.
Serve as a liaison between the local councils, devolved Sectors, and the community in the project and program design, implementation, monitoring, and evaluation.
1990-2008
INFANTARY, NON-COMMISSIONED OFFICER- AT REPUBLIC OF SIERRA LEONE ARMED FORCES
2001-2007:-Ministry of Defence, Tower Hill, Freetown:- Internal Auditor
1991-1995:-Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces,- Daru Barracks-Infantry Soldier
1995-1999:- Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces,- Army Headquarter-Cockerill.
PROJECTS SUPERVISED
i.National Dialogue Forum (Bintumani III) Conference: This was done for the consolidation of peace and national cohesion in Sierra Leone thereby bringing together Political Parties, Civil society Organisations, peace initiators from Ghana, Rwanda and Nigeria to design a communiqué that will promote and consolidate sustainable peace and national cohesion in the country.
ii.International Day of Democracy: I served as Chairman for the technical committee and supervised the implementation of the entire activity across the Country.
iii.District consultations: I headed the technical committee in ensuring that, citizens participate in the consultation which objective was to gauge the opinion of citizens on the establishment of peace architecture and the make inputs into the agenda of the national Dialogue Forum.
iv.Support Local Councils in conducting community needs assessments for the design and writing of District Development Plan. I supervised in the implementation of the approved development plan. I also supported Local Councils in the development of District Budget and supervise the implementation to enhance transparency, accountability and inclusiveness according to the needs of the people.
v.I supported the government in conducting needs assessment for the designing of the Medium Term national Development Plan (2018-2023) and actively supporting the implementation of the plan.
vi.I supported the Ministry of Political and public Affairs (MPPA) in the design, implementation, monitoring and coordination of project and programs, strategic and development plans, in fulfillment of budget execution.
THESIS/DISSERTATION
i.“Assessment of youth employment in Community Development in Sierra Leone”.
ii.“Impact of Citizens empowerment in promoting sustainable economic development in Sierra Leone”.

Personal Characteristics:
Able to meet deadlines
Efficiency with good character
Committed, dedicated and hardworking
Always ready to undertake further training in any discipline
Loyal, regular and punctual at work.
Ability to work under pressure
Referees:
1.Dr. Komba Marah
Lecturer
Fourah Bay College
University of Sierra Leone
Mobile: 076-606-904
Email: ad8951@r.postjobfree.com

2.Dr. Charles Silva
Executive Secretary
Africa Peer Review Mechanism
Mobile: 030-216-917
Email: ad8951@r.postjobfree.com
3.Mohamed S. Jalloh
Permanent Secretary
Ministry of Political and Public Affairs
Mobile: 078738257
Email: ad8951@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate