MB
MICHON BROWN
ad89sc@r.postjobfree.com 480-***-**** Dallas, TX 75287
Dedicated and focused Project Management Specialist with over 20 years of experience excelling at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Flexible, detail-oriented and adaptive team player with expertise in equipment operation, staﬀ training and development, customer service and process improvements. Project Manager versed in all aspects of project and personnel management. Results-oriented and high-energy professional with talent for leading by example and inspiring peak performance. Dedicated to fostering strong eﬀective team relationships. Hands-on Project Manager recognized for ﬂawless execution and ﬁnding solutions to complex problems. Communicative and reliable professional polished in developing scopes and objectives and maintaining comprehensive project documentation. Commended for unexcelled record of completing critical projects on schedule and within budget. High-achieving management professional possessing excellent communication, organizational and analytical capabilities. Devises innovative solutions to resolve business and technology challenges. Eager to advance business goals through careful team management Focused Project Manager bringing 20 years of developing continuous improvements throughout planning and implementation phases of projects. Demonstrated history of establishing and enforcing adherence to standards of excellence. Well-versed in mentoring and guiding associates to exceed client and stakeholder expectations. Accustomed to cultivating innovative ideas and encouraging new ideas that drive company growth.
Performance Improvements
Workforce Training
Work Flow Planning
Multi-Unit Operations Management
Stakeholder Relations
Staﬀ Management
Project Management
Requirements Writing
Verbal and Written Communication
Team Leadership
Customer Relationship Management
Work Planning and Prioritization
Documentation and Reporting
Resource Allocation
Quality Assurance
Performance Monitoring
Detail Oriented
Team Collaboration
Complex Problem Solving
Staﬀ Training and Motivation
Processes and Procedures
Risk Management
Safety Protocol
Schedule Management
Staﬀ Retention
Quality Assurance and Control
Root Cause Analysis
Client Relations
Project Scope
Baseline Schedules Creation
Client Rapport
Conﬂict Management
Productivity Improvement
Document Management
Staﬀ Training and Mentoring
Customer Relations Specialist
SASR Cary, NC
Project Manager
12/2022 - Current
Built and established strong partnerships with teams, vendors and contractors.
Created project plans with established timelines, assigned to appropriate teams and managed workﬂow throughout construction. Led meetings with internal team members, consultants and contractors. Summary
Skills
Experience
Developed solutions to project risks and issues, meeting quality and timeline goals and objectives.
Created team objectives and roles with speciﬁc goals outlined for each individual.
Drove continuous improvement of project delivery process by providing strong leadership.
Reviewed project risks and devised proactive strategies to avoid potential roadblocks.
Modiﬁed project plans when needed to better align with organizational objectives.
Furnished project updates to various stakeholders, informing on strategy, adjustments and progress.
Determined project staﬃng needs and led resource management. Provantage Raleigh, NC
National Field Mgr
12/2021 - 09/2022
Identiﬁed project needs by reviewing project objectives and schedules. Communicated with key stakeholders to determine project requirements and objectives.
Monitored performance of project team members to provide performance feedback.
Submitted budget estimates, progress reports and cost tracking reports. Conferred with project personnel to identify and resolve problems. Walmart Bentonville, Arkansas
Field Project Manager
11/2014 - 04/2021
Followed deﬁned Realty Execution project management processes, standards, and procedures
Worked closely with Realty Execution Directors and PMO, Store Operations, Construction Partners to deﬁne requirements and to verify adherence to expectations
Assessed project scope and allocated resources to meet time and budget constraints
Deﬁned project scope, timelines, resources, and requirements Evaluated potential risks and developed actionable mitigation strategies and contingency plans
Coordinated resources and teams necessary to meet established timelines Met project needs and objectives by smoothly coordinating all phases of development and execution
Prepared detailed documentation outlining layouts and build plans. Walmart Bentonville, Arkansas
Field Project Supervisor
02/2006 - 11/2014
Developed targeted project plans, including initial scope, goals, and schedules
Coordinated resources and teams necessary to meet established timelines Prepared detailed documentation outlining layouts and build plans Met project needs and objectives by smoothly coordinating all phases of development and execution
Avoided site issues by completing pre-work assessments and environmental studies
Enhanced customer satisfaction with fast, knowledgeable service Worked eﬀectively with diverse team to accomplish daily objectives and meet long-term goals
Assisted with tasks and work duties during slow periods to maintain team productivity
Assisted customers with sales and service needs
Transported items using and pallet jacks
Updated oﬃce ﬁles daily and kept records organized Completed accurate work tasks by carefully reviewing every order Approached and solved work problems with initiative and sound judgement.
Trident College Charleston, South Carolina
Healthcare Management
12/1998
Continuing education in
The Boyd School Pittsburg, Pennsylvania
Airline Travel
09/1974
Rome Free Academy Rome, New York
High School Diploma
06/1974
Regents Dipolma
Flight Attendant training Coursework in CPR, greeting and welcoming passengers, problem and situation resolutions Phlebotomy, Patient Assessments.
Coursework in taking blood, blood pressures and all vital signs. Education and Training
Contact this candidate