Maisa Khair, MBA
Project Manager
ad89rn@r.postjobfree.com Tel: 630-***-****

Location: Streamwood, IL 60107, US Citizen
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/maisa-khair-b3389065

Professional Summary:
Project Manager for different departments and agencies including Marketing, Commercial data policy, Finance, Accounting, Engineering R&D, Business Strategy, Business Technology Solutions, Quality, Legal, and HR.
Experienced Project Manager with a strong skillset in team management, budget, and schedule planning, driving complex projects through the planning and execution with a balanced budget and timelines management. Reporting of project progress to executives and the leadership teams.
Strong organizational and communication skills. Skilled in training, event planning, and office management. Honest, trustworthy, responsible, and hardworking with outstanding people and customer service skills. Details Oriented Analytical Person Exceptional Communicator
Professional and extensive payroll experience committed to accurate disbursements and resolution of issues. Dedicated detail-oriented and motivated. Efficient supervisor committed to training new employees and implementing new procedures for quality assurance.
Collaborative problem solver who uses financial modeling, process improvement, project management, and training strengths to turn around troubled operations. High energy, dedicated, and exceptionally skilled collaborator utilizing Best-in-Class administrative and project management skills in a diverse environment. Able to quickly adapt to change while effectively collaborating and communicating in a team or customer-facing structure.
Expert in identifying the root cause of issues and translating complex processes into clear, understandable, and actionable steps. An enthusiastic leader who consistently meets commitments with integrity.
Review multi-product label packaging portfolio, capture relevant data, verify data with commercialization cross-functional partners, and maintain FDA compliance.

Education/Certifications:
Northern Illinois University, Hoffman Estates, IL 2020
MBA Master of Business Administration and Management Strategy
Management, Marketing, Accounting, Finance, and Operating Management Information Systems (OMIS)

DeVry University, Addison, IL 2015
Bachelor of Science in Project Management Administration
High Honor with Magna cum Laude, 3.8 GPA
Statistics for Decision Making, Business Policy and Law, Business Analysis, Data Analysis,
Project Management, Principle of Management, Business Discussion, Business Law, and Information Systems.

Areas of expertise:

Oracle Expense
Process Improvement
Decision Making/Prioritization
Microsoft Office Suite
ISO Training
Internal & External Client Relationships
Resourceful & Analytical Thinker
Power BI
Concur Travel & Expense
Vendor Contract Negotiator
JIRA software

Professional Experience:

AbbVie Pharmaceutical Company, Abbott Park, IL (Kelly Services) July 2023 to Mar 2024
Project Manager, Business Technology Solutions (BTS) – EAS Finance Systems Data and Analytics -Tax, GTC, SOX and IA Technology Solutions

Partners with business stakeholders to drive the function's roadmap and LRP/Capital plan. Driving the execution of plan/build activities to deliver technology components of key strategic initiatives, with a specific focus on. Tax: Optimization of indirect tax processes, buildout of more robust provisioning, transfer price and tax compliance tools, and enhanced workflow, document mgmt. and data capabilities. GTC: Build enhanced solutions to manage complex global trade regulatory environments, focusing on enhancing reporting needs, workflow, and other compliance matters. Internal Audit: Expansion of analytics, process automation, and document and workflow management. Internal Controls: Build solutions to optimize the workflow and reporting around annual SOX Compliance.
Maintaining and updating LRP project reports and resource allocation spreadsheets, dashboards, and systems.
Complies with all-time compliance and time-entry guidelines.
Using JIRA software to support identifying and reporting project variances to timelines, budgets, and deliverables across multiple small to medium/low-complexity projects.
Help support a simple stakeholder analysis matrix and update SOS Cognizant Milestones.
Strong Excel skills (formulas, formatting, etc.) with the ability to manipulate spreadsheets.
Help coordinate team meetings and document minutes, decisions, and action items.
Manage Third Party Agreements (TPA) and related agreements (NP, PA, AMA): Assist users in submitting TPA requests, Quality Control user requests before submission to vendors, communicate with vendors on status and issue resolution, Track TPA status, resolve issues between AbbVie/Contractors/Vendors, escalate to AbbVie SME when appropriate, renew annual agreements, User training.
Processing of invoices for the Data Operations team (annual budget ~ $25million)
Review invoices for accuracy, Balance invoices against Purchase Order amounts, Track invoices through the payment cycle, and manage the filing system of approved invoices.
Conducted stakeholder analysis and facilitated effective communication channels to ensure project success.
Manage Purchase Orders for the Data Operations team: Complete and submit Purchase Order requests, Manage, and maintain the PO and Statement of Work filing system by using Insight Farm software tools.
Assist in tracking the data budget.
Data onboarding: Contract management, Track status and time required to complete, Resolve issues between AbbVie and Suppliers.
Coordinate training for vendors such as IQVIA software and Symphony Tools.
Coordinate team meetings, and documented minutes, decisions, and action items, facilitating collaboration and accountability.

AbbVie Pharmaceutical Company, Mettawa, IL (ProClinical) August 2021 to May 2022
Therapeutic Areas: Oncology, Hepatology and Neuroscience Departments
Project Manager
Managed and coordinated Business meetings and presentations while overseeing facilities, speakers, and equipment projects to support the Oncology, Hepatology, and Neuroscience departments.
Coordinated projects and organized global summit meetings, including budget tracking and resource allocation for facilities equipment enhancements.
Negotiated with vendors to ensure cost-efficient meetings and event arrangements, leveraging relationships to maximize value.
Processed Purchase Orders and managed move orders for employees, coordinating facilities equipment installations, and relocations.
Ensured successful and cost-efficient meetings through negotiations with vendors and coordination of facilities equipment upgrades.
Provided onsite presence and “behind-the-scenes” coordination supporting hosts, speakers, and attendees.

CNH Industrial Company, Burr Ridge, IL (Actalent) June 2022, to Apr 2023
Project Manager
Budget Planning, Budget Management & Administration, and Operational business support.
Administration of projects, tracking and presenting project metrics, and reporting the project activities' status, priorities, risks, timelines, budget, and resources.
Support budget planning and management for Large Tractor Product Validation (PV).
Support quarterly budget forecasting for the Large Tractor Global Product Platform (GPP).
Support workforce planning tasks for Large Tractor Product Validation (PV) and Large Tractor GPP.
Support Large Tractor GPP with formal Project Expense Request Form (PERF) submissions.
Managed site indirect and central product validation expenses budget, optimizing resource allocation for facilities equipment upgrades.
Support Large Tractor GPP with project Commitment and Actual reporting from SAP.
Provide accounting and Process guidance to PV management, PV Program Leads for Engineering Program Managers, and Finance.
Program Managers and Finance Assistants.
Support the diagnosis and resolution of accounting and payment issues for Large Tractor GPP.
Large Tractor Capital Expense (CAPEX) Support.
Budget Analysis and Forecast & planning for multiple years of budget projection.
Conduct inspections and address any issues to maintain the quality of construction.
Coordinated construction projects for facilities equipment upgrades, and office space renovations, ensuring adherence to timelines, budgets, and regulatory requirements.

Walgreens, Deerfield, IL (US Tech Solutions) February 2021 to June 2021
Project Manager
Worked on Incidents on SWAT Reports and updated reports on Remedy and Stibo system, resolved tickets on claims from suppliers and merchants, updated Excel sheets and followed up on closing incidents, attended meetings and took notes, created PowerPoint presentation on training on steps of using new tracking system on escalation incidents.
Provided support and coordination for escalation incidents, collaborating with cross-functional teams to address complex challenges.

Knowles Electronics, Itasca, IL May 2011 to October 2020
Project Coordinator for R&D, Finance, and Tax departments
Provided administrative support to four Vice Presidents of the R&D and finance department and supported more than 150 engineers.
Supported the oversight of the organization’s financial performance with long- and short-term forecasting with day-to-day oversight of cash flow, revenue, and expenditures to support well-informed decisions about emerging opportunities and areas for improvement.
Actively seek methods to enhance overall process efficiency and project execution performance.
Developed project schedules, milestones, and priorities.
Participated in the project team acceptance testing to identify required changes and communicate changes to management and the development team.
Managed projects with oversight throughout the entire execution to ensure success as defined by adherence to standards of scope, budget, and timeline.
Communicated project status and outcome with multiple internal and external parties.
Assisted with budget analytics and support.
Developed new and monitored existing performance and contract compliance measures for accuracy and compliance.
Supported Vice Presidents and directors by coordinating All Hands and Staff meetings.
Assisted with the preparation of executive presentation materials and team presentation support.
Accurate processed expense reports and medical expenses.
Organized Chicago Walk4 Hearing and collected $10,000 fundraising for the Hearing Loss Association of American Organization.
Coordinated projects and organized global summit meetings in Vienna, Denmark, China, Malaysia, and the Philippines including planning.
Compiled and edited Business Unit information into monthly Operations Reports and distributed it to Senior Management.
Provided onsite presence and organization supporting hosts, speakers, and attendees, travel arrangement tracking & revisions, and ground transportation.
Reviewed Master Bill to ensure accuracy.

General Electric, Barrington, IL Jan 2011 to May 2011
Project Coordinator and Executive Administrative Assistant, Contractor – Adecco
Provided administrative support to the CTO Chief Technology Officer, the General Manager of (CDM) Clinical Decision Solutions, and the General Manager of Marketing.

Baxter Healthcare International, Deerfield, IL Jan 2006 to Dec 2010
Project Coordinator and Global Sr. Executive Administrative Assistant for R&D, HR, Quality, Marketing, and Finance
Provided administrative support to multiple managers/levels: General Manager of Medication Delivery and IV Therapy Solutions, Vice President of Strategy, Vice President of Portfolio & Project Management, and Sr. Director of R&D.
Created complex presentations and spreadsheets with graphics to support managers with complete information.
Arranged and organized internal/external meetings and teleconferencing and coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements.
Organized offsite Local and Global Summits for more than one hundred employees including coordination in Paris and Brussels.
Accurately processed expense reports for executives and developed and maintained the Intranet Site.
Served as ISO Training File Administrator for IV Therapy department with more than 100 employees to keep the department 100% compliant.
Supported three directors and two attorneys and assisted the staff of 80 employees in the Bioscience / Bio Life Plasma Services and Legal Department.
Created and maintained patent files, prepared patent files, maintained calendars, processed expense reports, and processed invoices, and bills for payment.

Abbott Laboratories, Inc. / Hospira, Lake Forest, IL Jan 2004 to Dec 2005
Project Coordinator and Senior Executive Administrative Assistant, R&D Department
Supported the Director of Device Development Core Engineering, office assistance and services including processing new hires.
Coordinated meetings and travel arrangements to optimize managers’ schedules.
Supported directors and managers by creating presentations, and spreadsheets.
Ordered office supplies and processed expense reports ensuring staying within budget.
Supported Quality Assurance Manager by integrating all changes in protocols and standard procedures including obtaining all signatures and document control.
Provided compliance Audit assistance and tracked operating procedures using E-Doc System.

Additional Project Management, Executive Assistant, and HR experience:
Makita Powerful Tools USA, Mount Prospect, IL Sept 2002 to Dec 2003
Zurich Insurance North America, Schaumburg, IL June 2001 to September 2001
United Airlines Headquarters, Elk Grove Village, IL March 2001 to June 2001
Motorola Headquarters Schaumburg, IL December 1999 to March 2001
Exhibitgroup / Giltspur, Roselle, IL September 1997 to December 1999
Embassy of Jordan, Washington, DC January 1992 to August 1997
Project and Executive Assistant to the Ambassador of Jordan and the Consulate department
Contact this candidate