DARRYL L. BROWN

***** *. ******* ** **** *** Country Club Hills, IL mobile 708-***-**** ad89vp@r.postjobfree.com
Service Desk Team Lead 5/2007 – 4/2008
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Regeneration Schools Technology Coordinator /Project Manager 09/2012-Present

Basic Troubleshooting & Maintaining Servers, Standalone, networked printers & peripheral devices.
Cisco VOIP telephones, Network Software and updates, Uninterruptable power supplies, Creates users and assigns rights through Active Directory, Maintain Internet content filtering, Troubleshoots LAN and wireless equipment, identifies and documents issues and contact appropriate resources to resolve, Manages warranty services for all devices.
Manage Go Daddy Domain accounts. Manage e-Rate proposals for new equipment. Provide personalized training and support for teachers and staff in software, email and internet basics.
Maintain classroom equipment, maintain supply inventory of equipment and software licenses.
Interact and coordinate with 3rd party suppliers and technical support groups as necessary ensuring all software and hardware shipped to the schools arrives on time.
Coordinate computerized student testing for all sites. Project Management.
Manage Chrome Books and G Suite Education.

ValCom Technology Management Solution
Helpdesk Analyst 04/2008-09/2012

Install, configure, maintain and troubleshoot PC hardware and software.
Create and maintain technical/process documentation and proactively share this information to team members.
Actively seek out and participate in projects to maintain and improve the helpdesk environment
Escalate calls that cannot be resolved on the initial call by Level 1 or 2
Troubleshoot basic TCP/IP issues
Provide clients with updates of open tickets upon request
Monitor and prioritize trouble tickets, Manage calls and emails from Mesirow clients and customers and log data in Support Works call tracking system
Process new hire, term, and move request, Train new employees/existing staff as directed
Contacts users after incident resolution to complete a customer satisfaction survey
Install and monitor antivirus software, Using Cisco Unity, manage VOIP user accounts
Maintain loaner laptop pool, Monitor 3rd party/ vendor support queue

Smart Technology Services

Monitor the team’s performance in relation to call statistics, ticket metrics, attendance and adherence to policies and procedures.
Review reports related to call statistics, ticket quality, scheduling
Act as a resource for procedure related questions and as an escalation point for issues within the group and related to the customer service requirements.
Assist with training of new team members, as required, Conduct regular meetings to review issues, communicate new initiatives and obtain feedback from the team.
Provide and update documentation of procedures, processes and policies related to the team’s tasks, Monitor team members training progress and suggest ways to address deficiencies, as required.
Prioritize their work load to insure issues are addressed in a timely fashion and that we are meeting or exceeding the requirements of our customer(s).

Smart Technology Services

Service Desk Engineer 6/2006 – 5/2007

In a fast paced customer service and support environment, provide a single point of contact and desktop support for the Chicago Public School system, the nation's third-largest school district and the second-largest employer in Illinois, with more than 45,000 employees.
Using available tools such as LDAP, Active Directory, Compliancy Sites, Command Prompt, Remote desk top, and Citrix to analyze problems, troubleshoot and resolve all software, hardware and network related problems for Chicago Public Schools, Central Offices and Area Offices.
Utilized logic, creativity, communication skills, reasoning and problem-solving abilities to identify causes of the problems and walk clients through the steps and processes of correcting them.
Simultaneously accept calls, create tickets in Peregrine, monitor emails for network reports, trouble shoot clients problems and keep track of existing tickets that require follow up to ensure the customer is satisfied with the resolution.
Assist team leaders in developing new tools to resolve customers issues, including completing special projects as required.

Customer Support Specialist
Provide one-on-one training for new service desk analyst including continuously monitoring electronic tickets
Bio-logic Systems Corp 9/2004 - 6/2006

Provide level 1 -2, system support for software, hardware, and network related issues for over 15,000-user community consisting of various hospitals and physician offices.
Receives and responds to both domestic and international incoming customer questions utilizing Bio-logic systems who have inquires and product performance issues.
Applies knowledge of PC's and their operating systems particularly MS Windows 9x/NT/2000/XP to troubleshoot issues with customers to ensure optimum customer satisfaction.
VPN client support. Provide training on company products. Perform field installations at customer site when required.
Generate field installation report and document work orders. Schedules, plans and conducts customer training events with other members of the department.
Conducts in-house training events, demonstrates equipment to potential customers, attends seminars and trade shows, assist in preparing budgets for customer training events, and communicates customer needs and recommendations to marketing personnel, trains new personnel.

Education
A.A.S. South Suburban College
MS-900: Microsoft 365 Fundamentals, Certified Network Cabling Specialist For Copper and Fiber Optics, A+, Network+, MCDST, HDI Support Center Team Lead and CCNA Certified.

Interests & Activities
Phi Theta Kappa International Honor Society Psi Pi Chapter.
Board of Directors for Hampton Court Condominium Association (Secretary)
Nominated For Selection To The National Dean’s List Honoring America’s Outstanding College Students
Honorable Discharge From United States Navy

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate