ALICIA BLANCAS
ad89ul@r.postjobfree.com 360-***-**** http://www.linkedin.com/in/alicia-herrera1

PROFILE SUMMARY
Experienced leader skilled at driving transformative initiatives in the B2B and B2C SaaS solutions space, with over a decade of comprehensive experience. I have a strong portfolio including over 110 successful Enterprise implementations, excelling in managing complex projects and programs with precision. My expertise lies in technical project and program management within Professional Services, aligning efforts across multidisciplinary teams, including Customer Success, Technical Enablement, Sales, and Account Management. I am eager to use this expertise to drive organizational success in a Senior Project Manager role.

PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE

Project Manager/Sales-Spruced Up by Design Portland, OR
(02/05/24-Present)
Developed and implemented a streamlined project plan template system that reduced project planning time by 25% and increased project efficiency by 45%
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure project milestones were met on time and within budget, resulting in a successful project completion rate of 90%
Conducted regular status checks with clients to ensure project goals were aligned with their expectations and needs, resulting in a client satisfaction rate of 98%
Assisted in the on-boarding process of new clients by providing sales support, managing contracts, and invoicing through the CRM system
Facilitated communication and collaboration with general contractors to ensure project milestones were met according to the plan designs and within the designated time frames
Demonstrated proficiency in project management software such as Microsoft Project or Asana to track project progress and identify potential roadblocks
Developed and maintained positive relationships with clients, general contractors, and cross-functional teams to ensure successful project outcomes.
Senior Client Project Manager, Professional Services – Lytics, Portland, OR
(5/2020 - 1/2024)
A results-driven leader who successfully led 60+ client implementations from conceptualization to support, showcasing strategic planning and effective management of project ambiguity for a start-up company as the primary PM.
Managed a diverse portfolio of 5-10+ Waterfall projects simultaneously, overseeing various phases and durations on the Lytics platform for new and existing clients.
Successfully reduced onboarding and implementation timeframes from 6-12 months to 3-6 months, resulting in accelerated product adoption and enhanced client value delivery.
Digital transformation using over a dozen integrations for enterprise client websites and apps., to personalize, provide custom segmentation, and support the decisioning platform
Optimized system implementations for enhanced end-user impact, fostering buy-in and maximized productivity by producing weekly and monthly dashboards for the VP of PS, measuring the team’s billable utilization and productive customer time.
Collaborated with the VP of Professional Services to innovate and refine standardized PS and TS product offerings, including new service definitions for three new onboarding packages. As the lead PM, I created Smartsheet and Asana templates for our onboarding projects.
Provided pivotal support to the Sales team in selling implementation offerings, delivering sales enablement content, and conducting training sessions on new packages.
Implemented robust processes and utilized systems such as Harvest, Asana, and Smartsheet to optimize operational visibility and increase reporting productivity and metrics efficiency.
Played a crucial role in implementing time tracking, project tracking, and reporting systems, contributing to creating a productivity metrics dashboard.
Leveraged extensive knowledge of data integrations to connect multiple data sources into a centralized customer data platform (CDP).
Led cross-functional teams through initiatives' planning, testing, design, and implementation phases, fostering collaboration with internal and external stakeholders.
Provided customer advocacy through product feature requests for the Product and Engineering teams.
Client Engagement Manager – DISYS, Portland, OR
(8/2019 - 4/2020)
Acted as program lead, working with 10+ hiring managers to gather and qualify new job order requirements to meet monthly sales goals of placing 3-5 consultants per month.
Developed comprehensive Statement of Work (SOW) proposals and managed the approval process, ensuring timely renewals and adherence to service-level agreements.
Maintained a strong focus on timely fulfillment of job orders within ten business days or less, meeting stringent service-level agreements.
Facilitated clear communication between clients and in-house recruiting teams, ensuring alignment on SOW terms and expectations.
Technical Client Delivery/Program Manager - Janrain/Akamai, Portland, OR
(04/2018 - 07/2019)
Owned the client onboarding process and facilitated continual enablement of Janrain’s ecosystem, managing partner project resourcing and access management.
Served as the primary liaison between partners and internal stakeholder teams, supporting the Alliances partner program and managing partner relationships.
Managed a portfolio of partner services, defining and managing goals/KPIs and subcontracting services to partners.
Developed a comprehensive partner operations process, including presales support, contract management, and program support.
Project Manager/Operations - Thesis/eROI Digital Marketing, Portland, OR
(10/2016 - 8/2018)
Led Agile project management-related work for inter-agency teams, ensuring exceptional client satisfaction rates.
Fostered key relationships across technical teams and senior stakeholders, providing mentorship and training to enhance team capabilities.
Standardized workflow by assigning project tasks across functional teams and created customized status reports for executive management.
Conducted monthly reviews of cost rates to ensure budget compliance and facilitated stakeholder assessments to bridge process gaps.
Technical Project Manager (TPM) – Vesta Corporation, Portland, OR
(10/2013 - 4/2015)
As a Technical Project Manager (TPM) at Vesta Corporation, reported to the Project Management Office (PMO) within the Engineering and Product department, led by the CTO.
My responsibilities included managing two of the 11 Dedicated Development Teams (DDTs) using the Scrum methodology for LATAM and EU workflows.
Led development efforts for feature releases for LATAM and EU customers with engineering teams
oEach team comprised one Product Owner, a Scrum Master (usually an Engineering Manager), one DDT engineer, and QA (a dedicated development team).
Worked with the Scrum Master to understand the development roadmap for Sprints 1-6 (2-week intervals) and planned quarter by quarter (no more than six months ahead)
oCollaborated with the Product Owner and Scrum Master to gain a broader perspective beyond the regular 2-week sprints and to plan for the entire quarter. We also reviewed the stories in the backlog, prioritized them, and refined the stories to improve efficiency.
Supported team turnover by helping facilitate agile ceremonies in the interim
Worked alongside the Product Owner and Scrum Master to compile a forecast of the release schedule for upcoming releases
oIn the TPM role, I used this schedule with Eng. teams and Product to track releases, ensure on-schedule, and track progress throughout the quarter
oschedules included a forecast at the start of every quarter for features being released and milestones such as E2E testing, Regression Testing, Unit Testing, and Smoke Testing (dependent on size)
As a PM, I identified risks/blockers as soon as possible to mitigate delays and work with teams for quick resolutions
Example: Five new features were planned for release in the quarter. As PM, I would build a view to track teams for each feature to ensure timelines were met and support cross-team communication to ensure on-track, on-time, and on budget.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Project Management
Program Management
Leadership
Business Process
Resource Allocation
Service Process
Cross-functional Team Leadership
Product Information Management
Product /Software Lifecycle Management
Strategic Planning
Client Relationship Management
Team Leadership
Communication (Verbal/Written -impactful delivery)
Complex Problem-Solving
TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Tools: Proficient in utilizing Lytics Client Data Platform, Beeline, SalesForce Cloud, Azure environment and API connectors, and Bullhorn.
Social Media Platforms: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter
Microsoft Office Suite: Experienced with MS Office Online 365, Teams, Slack, and various versions of Professional/Enterprise Suite Applications (2019-2013).
Collaboration Tools: Skilled in Google Docs Collaboration Tools, MS Office 365/Cloud, Lucidchart, and familiar with PC and MAC platforms.
Ticketing and Logging Systems: Proficient in managing Change Requests using Zendesk, Remedy ticketing systems, and logging activities. Defect Tracking Software:
Extensive experience in utilizing JIRA for defect tracking and project management purposes. Data Management Tools:
Proficient in SQL and experienced with Lytics and PowerBI (basic proficiency). Project Management & Accounting Tools:
Highly-skilled in project management tools such as Confluence, Asana, Monday.com, MS Project (2015-2016), WBS Chart Pro, Trello, JIRA, and SmartSheets.
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated ability to drive growth by increasing revenue, reducing time-to-delivery, and promoting inclusivity while executing strategic goals.
Committed to integrity and delivering quality products, with acute business acumen and a proactive approach to understanding organizational challenges.
Possesses a curious and creative mindset, adept at pushing boundaries, problem-solving, and identifying new growth opportunities.
Seasoned Senior Engagement Manager with strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, adept at leading cross-functional teams to deliver successful projects efficiently.
Skilled in resource allocation and collaboration with cross-functional teams for SDLC testing using various tools such as MS Office 365, MS Project, JIRA, Monday.com, Teams, Slack, Trello, Asana, and SmartSheets.
EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTS
General Studies at Clark College
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Training:
Completed courses on Unconscious Bias and Workplace Diversity
Leadership Role:
Served as Chair of DEI Organization at Lytics for over two years:
Spearheaded the creation and implementation of surveys to identify organizational challenges and concerns
Directed DEI event planning and managed the organizational calendar
Facilitated team meetings and ensured effective process updates

Technical Project Management
Customer Success Management
Risk Management
Agile Methodologies
Business Relationship Management
Change Management
Decision-Making
Budgeting and Financial Management
Conflict Resolution
Stakeholder Management
Cross-functional Collaboration
Contact this candidate