Jeff Salamone

**** ******* ***** ■ Byron, Illinois 61010 ■ 815-***-**** ■ ad8n0z@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:

Sales, Manufacturing, and Logistics Professional with over 25 years of experience.

STRENGTHS:

Attention to Detail Strong customer relationship building
Integrity in business dealings Strong communications
Committed to in-depth product knowledge Experienced in all facets of sales & the sales process
Deep understanding of warehousing and pricing Motivated by challenge

EXPERIENCE:

Grande Cheese Company, Brownsville, WI
June 2023 – Sept 2023

Manager of 3rd shift production
1)Oversaw the production activities of a team of 26 persons
2)Made sure production was on track and accurate
3)Managed employee scheduling

Walmart, Northeast IL
Jan 2022 – May 2023

Project Manager
1)Supervised 100+ persons in a fast-paced environment, completing various tasks in support of store operations.
2)Managed many vendor relationships needed to efficiently and accurately complete assigned projects. This included timeline and milestone management.

Ryder – 3rd party warehouse for Ferrara Candy Company, Rockford IL
Jan 2020 – Dec 2021

Maintenance Lead
1)Responsible for parts procurement used in repair of warehouse floor machinery, forklifts, shelving, and overhead doors
2)Responsible for the repair and correct functionality of those warehouse assets

Amsan, Rockford, IL (Now “Supply Works,” a division of Home Depot)
February 2007 – March 2019

Leading national provider of Janitorial and MRO items.

Senior Sales Representative, Circle of excellence winner six of the last eight years.
1)Responsible for over $3 million of commercial sales, representing over $1 million in profits (post commissions) to Amsan. These sales were accomplished in multiple states and under the umbrella of differing guidelines that had to be understood and managed.
2)Organized several vendors into groups in order to train customers on the various product attributes, applications, maintenance, and safety protocols. This was necessary to educate my customers to allow them to get the maximum value and efficiencies from the products that they purchased from me.
3)Provided training to our customer service staff (average of 10 FTEs at any one time) with regard to MRO questions and how to handle customer calls related to our processes and products including the areas of deliveries, returns, recalls, freight, and pricing.

Bear Distribution, Rockford, IL
January 1997 – February 2007

Leading local provider of janitorial products that generated $2.5 million in annual revenue.

Owner, Sales Manager, and Outside Sales Representative
1)Supervised and managed a medium-sized warehouse
2)Ran a $1 million sales route and managed the warehousing/transportation of all company products
3)Responsible for training warehouse employees on product put away, retrieval, receiving, and marking in order to keep our business running as optimally and efficiently as possible. Reduced warehouse operations costs by $100,000 over a two year period through training and introducing new efficiencies.
4)Trained all new delivery drivers to be efficient in route driving, concise, effective and timely communications with customers, and loading and unloading procedures.
5)Continuously educated myself on best practices within my industry through several seminars and training classes.

Reason for leaving: Sold the company to start a family.

EDUCATION:
Illinois State University
B.S. Business Administration, Graduated May 1990
Major in Economics and History.
National Honors Society
Contact this candidate