Ricky fAircloth
Havelock, NC *****
ad8o2c@r.postjobfree.com
+1-252-***-****
#readytowork
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Project Manager
Dominion Energy - Virginia
February 2024 to Present
Job supervisor
Transmission an substation foreman
Integrated power company - North Platte, NE
May 2019 to Present
Ensured adherence to safety procedures while working with hazardous materials, knowledge of electricity applied to distribution systems and occupational hazards. Performed repairs and maintenance to transformers and other
transmission equipment.Responsible for all aspects of distribution systems for both overhead and underground lines. Ensure safety checks multiple times a day over equipment and crew. Foreman/Supervisor
SUMTER UTILITIES - Sumter, SC
December 1999 to 2008
Responsible for coordinating construction projects and supervising workers. Assign tasks, creating schedules, making sure projects are completed on time, keeping the worksite clean, and solving incidents in a proactive manner.
provided assistance to workers engaged on the job, ordered and kept records of all materials. Ensured that code requirements, safety regulations and safe work practices were being followed. Performed periodic inspections of electrical wiring systems and equipment.
Lineman
Pike Electric, Inc. - Shelby, NC
March 1996 to September 1999
Determine the equipment at fault and making permanent or temporary repairs by performing such work as cutting conductors in the clear, replacing or repairing poles and attachments. Perform routine maintenance work on the distribution system,including temporary grounding and pulling slack.
Test frames and set poles, string electrical power lines, install circuit protection equipment, take blot age readings from transformers and perform phasing and safety audits on crews. Foreman/Lineman
MasTec Utility Services - Wilmington, NC
August 1991 to November 1996
Mentored apprentices and assistants on safety and tool care procedures, instructed and trained employees in the safety operations of tools, equipment, and materials. Supervised one or more crews engaged in constructing or repairing distributions and transmissions. Performed related work as required to my fellow employees. Lineman/Foreman
SUMTER UTILITIES - Sumter, SC
June 1985 to May 1991
Performed safety checklists for whole crew.
Grounded circuits, created lockouts or ragouts in substation circuits for worker safety. Installed overhead and underground primary and secondary lines. Repaired defective equipment including wire, meters, breakers, current transformers,and potential transformers.foreman transmission an destrubion crews Foreman Electrician
halls pole and pile - Burgaw, NC
January 1982 to April 1985
First class lineman
Performed service calls for line repair, line replacement, poll setting and set ups. Interpret supplied blueprints, and determine required tasks. Analyze defects in communication equipment on commercial and residential equipment. Education
High school or equivalent
Pender High School - Burgaw, NC
August 1968 to June 1985
Skills
• Customer Service (10+ years)
• Management (10+ years)
• Logistics
• Shipping Receiving
• Forklift back hoe skid steer (10+ years)
• Roofing
• Transmissions
• Blueprint Reading
• Electrical Experience
• Heavy Equipment Operation
• Construction Management
• Equipment Repair
• Leadership
• Communication skills
• Handyman
Certifications and Licenses
Class A CDL
January 1980 to June 2017
valid driver's license
Additional Information
Transmission work, I can operate a crane,38 ton bulldozer,track equipment diggers buckets .I have been in line work for over 30 years. Very knowledgeable of all aspects of line work. I love what i do and i am a very responsible hard worker.
Contact this candidate