TIKNESHIA BEAUFORD
Denver, CO ***** 303-***-**** ad8o1g@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Experienced Project Manager Professional offering 20-years of expertise in Corporate Business, Private and Public Event Operations, Logistics Planning and Implementation. Self motivated, highly organized and client focused with exceptional leadership and communication skills.

SKILLS

●Project Management
●Leadership Competency
●Client Relations
●Hotel Industry Experience
●Inventory Management
●Google Suite
●Microsoft Office
●Virtual Private Network
●VOIP Technology
●Large Scale Event Planning

WORK HISTORY

SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER 02/2022 to 2/2024
VISA, INC Highlands Ranch, CO
●Established initial project scope, cost and network infrastructure implementation management process for 30 large scale domestic and international financial institutions.
●Managed project progress, identifies risks and implements corrective measures to acquire success.
●Communicated project plans and progress to key stakeholders and project contributors.
●Coordinated cross-functional teams to determine timely delivery and compliance of project requirements.

IMPLEMENTATION PROJECT MANAGER 10/2014 to 01/2022
CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS Greenwood Village, CO
●Directed and managed network infrastructure and project implementation for 46 domestic and international markets and 10 million subscribers.
●Outlined work plans, determined resources, wrote timelines, and generated initial budgets as part of project scope determination.
●Developed project plans identifying key issues, approaches and performance metrics.
●Monitored contracts and service level agreements to identify potential risks and implement mitigation actions to protect development process from unforeseen delays and costs.

NETWORK PROJECT ENGINEER 09/2005 to 08/2014
NBC UNIVERSAL, COMCAST Greenwood Village, CO
●Implemented voice and data project management and market launches for network engineering design and implementation for over 60 national projects annually for large scale domestic and international carrier and vendor partners,
●Facilitated as legal and regulatory communication liaison between NBC Universal Comcast Legal department.
●Created and facilitated all written technical project requirements for external corporate vendors.
●Facilitated all written and public communications for national incumbent regulated, deregulated carriers and vendor projects.

EDUCATION

Vocational Certification Hotel Management 12/1990
Denver Institute of Technology, Westminster
●Honoree of Denver Institute of Technology

Undergraduate Business Administration And Management 09/1990
Dillard University, New Orleans, LA
●NAACP Scholarship Recipient

High School Diploma 06/1988
Montbello High School, Denver, CO

COMMUNITY VOLUNTEERISM

Participated in community volunteerism supporting child literacy and voting rights advocacy with local metro area businesses and county libraries for almost 30 years. Facilitating fundraising, book drives and literacy camps for school aged children. Also, conducting voting registration awareness targeting Generation "Z" and Millennial audiences.

.
Contact this candidate