ARMANDO TRUJILLO JR.
**** *. ********* ***
Los Angeles, CA 90066
323-***-**** ad8ow0@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
Dedicated, detail-oriented individual with exceptional people, communication, and leadership skills looking to secure a position in a growing or well-established company. I have had this objective first sentence in my resume since I was 15 years old applying to my first jobs and it still holds up to this day. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HCAI Assistant Project Manager February 2024 – September 2024 DEB Construction
Creating Construction RFP, and Sub list to distribute, comparing estimates and award projects.
Creating preliminary estimate budgets for potential future projects
Run the OAC meetings with the client, go over the Change Order Log, RFI’s, and the submittal log. Once drawings are developed, doing a take-off through Bluebeam Revu 20 and creating scope list for in house estimate and RFP’s that I will send to Subcontractors
Scheduling job walks, with the subcontractors, engineers and architects.
Organizing electronical and hard copy project binders
Following up with the Architects, GC’s, IOR’s after the OAC meetings to see if they are on track with task brought up on the meeting HCAI Field Staff Agenda for weekly visits.
Following up with the Architects and Engineers on their deliverables.
When the project is approved, creating budget trackers in Procore Budget for the subs and in house to charge accordingly to their assigned budget line.
I review change orders or added scope cost, (Price Analysis) and approve to proceed and then updating the budget.
Review project approved drawings and making sure everyone has all updated sheets if any changes due to approved ACD’s, ASI’s
Construction Estimator January 2023 – January 2024 Kaiser Permanente
Destini Estimator Software – Complete take off, estimating software
Creating preliminary estimate budgets for potential future projects
Developing project scope with construction team, and creating a pre-con estimate for in house and any studies needed, load reads, TAB reports and then sending RFP for the studies.
Once drawings are developed, doing a take off through Bluebeam Revu 20 and creating scope list for in house estimate and RFP’s that I will send to Subcontractors
Scheduling and inviting potential bidders to job walk meetings.
Organizing electronical and hard copy project binders
Following up with the Architects, GC’s, IOR’s after the OAC meetings to see if they are on track with task brought up on the meeting HCAI Field Staff Agenda for weekly visits.
Buying out project estimates once all the bids are received and creating meetings with PM’s and in house construction to go over the Final estimate.
When the project is approved, creating budget trackers in E-builder for the subs and in house to charge accordingly to their assigned budget line.
I review change orders or added scope cost, (Price Analysis) and approve to proceed and then updating the budget.
Project Manager for City and HCAI Projects February 2022 – January 2023 SLCC Consulting for Tarzana Providence/Cedars Sinai Reimagined Hospital
Daily investigations and reports on all OSHPD projects including the new 7 floor wing with OSHPD 797 Pharmacy in that basement
Updating OAC meetings weekly, contacting architects, GC’s, IOR’s prior and including their updates with the meeting minutes prior to distributing to everyone.
Daily conversations with the facility regarding construction schedules, ADN’s, job walks on upcoming projects.
Organizing PCO from vendors, gathering all the information and approving them before submitting to Facility for approval on CO’s.
Organizing electronical and hard copy project binders
Following up with the Architects, GC’s, IOR’s after the OAC meetings to see if they are on track with task brought up on the meeting OSHPD Field Staff Agenda for weekly visits.
Review project approved drawings and making sure everyone has all updated sheets if any changes due to approved ACD’s, ASI’s
I update all systems from our end in ProCore, OneDrive, E-Builder, Egnyte. I also use Bluebeam for questions I present to the design team/ GC
Project Manager for City and HCAI Projects March 2018 – February 2022 Southern California Hospital in Culver City
Creating ROMs for potential construction projects, gathering multiple proposals from Architects, GC's, IOR's, Etc. and presenting a bid comparison to the CFO
Once the funds are awarded, I award the project to the vendors and schedule a Pre-Construction team with the Hospital directors and the awarded construction team.
I will have weekly meetings with the construction team, manage the schedule and delays.
I will walk every project going on in the hospital and sign off that the area is compliant to the ICRA, that the ICRA and permits are not expired.
Any disturbance to the hospital will need a 48-hour notice/ impact statement from the GC that I will let the hospital staff/Directors know about.
I will manage the RFI's, ACD's Submittals are responded to in a timely contracted manner to avoid any delays in the schedule.
I track the projects budget, all invoices come directly to me for approval, and I log them in my budget tracker to avoid going over.
I keep all Project binders current, in case of any Surveys.
I will keep the Hospital aware of the time the project design goes into OSP for approval, Back check, ACD's to avoid any confusion in the schedule Start date.
Once the project is complete, I will work with the Team to go over the TIO, any pending OIL's, FVCR, before scheduling the final inspections. once we get the project signed off, I will work with the Architect and submit for Occupancy and closing cost letter.
Traveling Superintendent
Shawmut Design and Construction, Los Angeles, CA May 2017 – March 2018
Assisted the Superintendent by overseeing the in-the –field construction process. Coordinated subcontractor work in all areas,
Monitored daily activities and compiled reports on progress, compliance and obstacles,
Inspected both completed and in-progress structures and sites for safety and compliance,
Enforced safety and legal regulations to ensure safety,
Communicated with subcontractors and field staff to ensure adherence to schedules, plans and specifications.
Foreman/Assistant Superintendent June 2013 – May 2017 TIS Construction Services, Inc., Los Angeles, CA
Oversaw all areas of construction and ensured that the timeline for completion is being followed,
Ensured projects are executed to specifications in a safe and professional environment while proceeding on schedule,
Provided leadership and direction to construction personnel.
Implemented a company policy that requires laborers to submit daily logs to their respective foremen and project managers,
Entered daily field reports through the SAGE program, which includes information about all sub- contractors and employees,
Responsible for the preparation and processing of weekly payroll for over 10 employees.
Collaborated and held meetings with project managers, company executives, engineers, architects, city inspectors, and property owners to achieve the company’s goals,
Supervised over 50 subcontractors and general labor personnel on a daily basis by monitoring performance,
Worked a total of 60-70+ hours per week.
Laborer January 2013 – June 2013
TIS Construction Services, Inc., Los Angeles, CA
Cleared debris, trash and hazardous materials from assigned sites and prepared it for renovation,
Shoveled cement and other materials into portable cement mixers, mixed, poured and spread concrete,
Mopped, brushed and spread paints, cleaning solutions, and other compounds over surfaces for cleanliness and protection,
Accurately measured spaces to be drywalled and measured and cut sheets accordingly, secured drywall to wall studs, used needed measurement tools to ensure even installation,
Followed foreman's instructions and assisted with special projects, as needed. Phlebotomist January 2007 – January 2013
Pacific Alliance Medical Center, Los Angeles, CA
Performed venipunctures and skin punctures to obtain a blood sample for laboratory testing,
Verified specimen collection information in laboratory information system,
Maintained communication with patients and staff to provide information on the status of orders,
Built trust and minimized patient discomfort during phlebotomy procedures while efficiently collecting blood specimens.
EDUCATION& CERTIFICATES
General Education Diploma, 2004
Everest College, 2007, Licensed Medical Assistant
Regan Career Institute, 2013, Licensed Phlebotomist OSHA 30 CERTIFICATE
PROCORE TRAINING CERTIFICATE
CERTICATION OF SCAFFOLDING TRAINING
CPR&FIRST AID, EXP. 4.27.24
SAGE Construction Software
Contact this candidate