Placidus Joachim
ad8on5@r.postjobfree.com, Fort Wayne, IN 46835, Phone: 260-***-****

SUMMARY
Committed and certified Scrum Master and Project Manager with more than 6 years of success delivering IT projects on-time and within budget through improved productivity, performance, and cost control. Extensive experience leading, coaching, and driving the adoption and implementation of Agile practices as well as leveraging agile methods with business initiatives to deliver quantifiable results that are sustainable. Communicate effectively with all levels of management and a proven history of successful work with self-managed and cross-functional teams delivering business values while continuously collaborating to improve their processes and tools.

TECHNICAL SKILLS & TOOLS

KPI Tools: velocity, capacity, burn-down/burn up chart, WIP, cycle time, throughput, product vision and sprint goals.
Collaboration Tools: Jira, Rally, Trello, Confluence, SharePoint, Smartsheet, Miro, Ideaboardz, Azure DevOps.
Virtual Communication Tools: (Teams, Zoom, Google Hangout, Skype, Slack, Cisco WebEx, Meetup)
Familial Technologies: Java, HTML, CSS, .NET, C#, Python, React, SQL, Node.js, C, AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure.
Basic understanding of cloud computing, 3 tier web architecture, IT networking principles and Web/Mobile application development project experience.

COMPETENCIES

Agile Framework Expert (SAFe, Kanban, Scrum) and Waterfall Pundit.
Technical Best Practices (Version Control, Code Review, Automated Testing, Ci/CD, Code Standard, Refactoring, Code Documentation, Security Practice, DevOps Practices, TDD, BDD).
Coaching and Mentoring, Facilitation, Conflict Resolution, Servant Leadership, Effective Communication, Active Listening, Cross Functional Collaboration.
Productive, Coordination, Scheduling, Servant-Leadership, Problem-Solving, Stakeholders Engagement, Negotiation, Problem Solving, and Adaptability
Time, Budget, Financial, Scope, Release, Change, Resource, Risk, Customer Relationship, Strategic, Procurement and Contract Managements.
Agile Tools, Metrics and Reporting, Continuous Improvement, Adaptability, Empathy, Emotional Intelligence, Critical Thinking, Organizational Awareness, Calculated Risk Taking, Technical Documentation, Data and QA Analysis.
Business Process Mapping, Value Stream Mapping, Product Centric Model, Design Thinking and Operating Model.
User Story Estimation Techniques, Team Empowerment, Impediment Remover, Capacity Planning.

EXPERIENCE
Ktistes Engineering fort wayne, in
Jan 2021 - Present
Scrum Master / Project Manager
Working with one offshore and one collocated agile team on a fraud detection and prevention project by using data analytics to monitor transactions in real-time, look for unusual patterns that could show fraudulent activities. We made use of machine learning models to trigger alerts for further investigation once suspicious transactions are identified.
Coaching and mentoring teams on integrating Agile principles, improving Agile practices by emphasizing Scrum and Kanban frameworks which led to 60% in usage index and 25% improvement in customer satisfaction ratings within 3 months.
Facilitating Agile ceremonies and cadencies, supporting teams in establishing effective practices related to visualization, WIP Limits, flow management, feedback loops and continuous improvement.
Facilitating the learning and growth of Agile teams in developing a Lean-Agile Mindset, guiding them to more predictable delivery of value in a timely fashion and increasing continuous improvement by 75% in 6 months.
Helping the teams to develop, capture, and analyze metrics to facilitate team improvements and insight into their progress.
Nurturing and Promoting collaboration and transparency between teams, management & stakeholders, and effective communication by facilitating discussions which reduced conflict by 75% today.
An active change agent, influencing organization in decision making which reduced team bottlenecks considerably and improved overall delivery by 85% within 6 months.
Helping the teams to remove impediments by identifying root causes and resolving them, protecting the team and ensuring that team efforts were focused on committed sprint work leading to an average of 95% sprint accuracy.
Building a culture of continuous improvement by leveraging all scrum ceremonies as an opportunity to inspect and adapt.
Encouraging the teams to focus on quality, value, technical excellence, continuous delivery & automation.
Training and teaching the Product owner and development team members to practice healthy product backlog management and prioritization practices that deliver valuable features for customers, reducing technical debt, providing business value, and enabling product sustainability.

Coterie Systems LLC Fort Wayne, IN
Jan 2014 – Dec 2020
Scrum Master
Worked with a scrum team on infrastructure migration projects by relocating physical servers to new cloud instances, upgrading network infrastructures (switches, routers, and configurations), and merging multiple data centers into a smaller number to reduce operational cost.
Defined project scope, objectives, and deliverables in collaboration with stakeholders.
Facilitated 2 weeks sprints in the scrum ceremonies which include sprint planning, daily scrum meetings, sprint review, sprint retrospective and backlog grooming.
Drove the adoption of Agile/Scrum in teams, management, and clients, by continuous coaching, training, and guiding which increased value, productivity, and quality by over 20%.
Promoted Agile methodology in an iterative approach to product development performed in a collaborative environment by self-organizing and cross functional teams which produces high-quality software in a cost-effective and timely manner to meet stakeholders' changing needs.
Encouraged highly collaborative approach of swarming and pair programming of Agile teams to increase output and add value.
Worked closely with the product owner and the scrum teams to align them with the product vision, sprint goals, and other necessary sprint activities.
Facilitated impediment resolution in a timely manner and communicated same to leadership while driving team progress to realize success throughout each sprint’s life cycle.
Ensured adherence to laid down policies and procedures by implementing training and development processes.
Supported the project team throughout the project life cycle and successful delivery to the clients ensuring product quality and stakeholders satisfaction in project handling.
Scheduled and participated with the agile team to estimate and groom user stories, breaking them down further into smaller story points if needed.
Coordinated as needed with other Scrum masters the delivery of cross team dependencies.
Introduced team’s working agreement meeting.
Collaborated with team members to analyze systems and identify problems, evaluate, design solutions and document.
Coached the Product Owner and Development Team in effective Product Backlog Refinement, the definition of done, Definition of Ready and more.
Encouraged team continuous improvement via interactions, practices, and process.
Encouraged Team members to self-organize, cross-functionalize, identify risk, manage dependencies, and conflict management.
Created filters and dashboards in Azure DevOps to allow teams to efficiently manage work items and view project progress, making it easier to plan, track, and optimize.

National Space Research & Development Agency Abuja, nigeria
Jan 2007 – Aug 2013
Scrum Master
Worked with 3 agile teams in a large scaled agile environment on a learning technologies and Online
Education project to support online and blended learning such as e-learning platforms, virtual classroom, and
education application.
Facilitated essential Scrum events, including Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint Reviews, and Sprint Retrospectives which allow us to plan, inspect progress, adapt, and continuously improve.
Helped remove impediments and obstacles that hinder the team's progress such as resource constraints, technical challenges, or communication barriers.
Ensured the teams remained focused on achieving the goals set during Sprint Planning.
Fostered a culture of collaboration within the teams and across departments which included encouraging communication between team members, stakeholders, and other teams.
Shielded the team from external disruptions and undue pressure, allowing them to concentrate on their work.
Coached team members and the organization on Scrum principles and values.
Encouraged the teams to reflect on its processes and performance during Sprint Retrospectives
Worked closely with the Product Owner to ensure that the product backlog was refined, prioritized, and well-understood.
Monitored project progress, tracking key metrics (Velocity, Burndown Chart, Sprint goal, Team Happiness, Throughput, Cycle time, Lead time), and providing regular updates to stakeholders.
In any collaborative setting, conflicts may arise. Scrum Masters play a role in facilitating conflict resolution within the team and promoting a positive and constructive work environment.
Shell Nigeria Exploration & Production Company lagos, nigeria
Jan 2006 – Dec 2006
Project Manager
Worked with 6 newly formed cross functional teams in a large scaled agile environment on and ERP and CRM applications to optimize internal processes, enhance customer relationships, manage data effectively, and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements using Microsoft Dynamics 365 and Salesforce.
Led the transition to agile from waterfall, resulting in 20% increase in project delivery speed and 15% reduction in project costs.
Successfully delivered the network deployment project, met all key milestones, and exceeded stakeholders’ expectations resulting in a 95% customers satisfaction rating.
Spearheaded a change management initiative, resulting in a 40 % increase in team morale and 25% reduction in resistance to change.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define project scope, objectives, and success criteria.
Developed project charters and obtained buy-in from all stakeholders.
Implemented Agile methodologies, such as Scrum and Kanban, across the organization, observed and participated in Agile ceremonies, including sprint planning, daily scrum, sprint reviews, and retrospectives.
Created detailed plans, defining tasks, and timelines, and resource allocation.
Maintained and communicated project progress through visual management tools such as velocity, burndown, burnup charts in a dashboard all through Jira and Confluence.
Proactively identified project risks and developed mitigation strategies and continuously monitored and managed risks throughout the project lifecycle.
Identified opportunities for improvement and made constructive suggestions for change, effectively managed the process of innovative change.

Direct On Pc Limited lagos, nigeria
Jan 2003 – Dec 2005
Scrum Master
Worked with a team of cross-functional and seasoned IT professionals on a customer self-service portal project to create a user-friendly online portal where our clients could manage their requests, make payments, and access important documents.
Utilized SAFe practices to focus on scaling for the organization.
Challenged traditional thinking, to focus on self-organization, finding better solutions, and trusting the team’s ability to break down and implement new functionality.
Trained teams and leaders in understanding and adapting agile methodologies for expanding visibility, transparency, and productivity.
Shifted leadership mindset from waterfall to agile, growing from one proof of concept Scrum team to five Scrum & Kanban teams, in less than a year.
Improved estimation and planning abilities thus decreasing time to market and increasing production releases from once every 10-13 weeks to once every two weeks, with no rollover work.
Drove continuous improvement through new Kaizens each sprint.
Created/Managed a business backlog for IT leaders.
Scrum Master working on IT projects focused on driving and expanding a national company with a $45,000 Annual Revenue Stream.
Responsible for 2 Scrum teams working in solutions impacting over a 200,000-user community.
Defined user stories and worked with product owners to build team backlogs.
Added transparency with leadership to define bodies of work for releases.
Led Scrum events, including Sprint Reviews with leadership and weekly demos with stakeholders.
Managed and maintained work through JIRA and documentation through Confluence.
JIRA admin activities for teams (created boards, workflows, filters, dashboards, reports using JQL.)

Direct On Pc Limited lagos, nigeria
Jan 2000 – Dec 2002
Sales Representative
Worked with a sales team to market computer hardware and software products to our clients and improve the
company revenue.
Identified and targeted potential clients through various lead generation methods such as cold calls, referrals, networking, and online marketing.
Conducted thorough interviews with clients to assess their PC needs and financial situations.
Analyzed clients’ existing pc issues to identify gaps or areas for improvement.
Provided clients with informed PC recommendations based on their needs, budgets, and risk tolerance.
Explained computer details, terms, and conditions in a clear and understandable manner.
Prepared and presented quotes to clients, including costs and coverage options.
Effectively communicated the value of insurance products to clients and persuaded them to make informed purchase decisions.
EDUCATION
Feb 2015 Bachelors of Science in Operation Management
University of Liberia Monrovia Liberia

Certifications and Courses

Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
Scrum Master Certification: Scaling Agile and the Team-of-Teams
How to create a Jira SCRUM project
Combining Scrum with Other Agile Methodologies
Introduction to Scrum Master Training
Introduction to Data Analysis using Microsoft Excel
Scrum Master Certification: Scrum Methodologies
Business Analysis & Process Management
Agile Project Management
Introduction to DevOps
Homeland Security & Cybersecurity Connection - It's Not About the Terrorists
IT Project Management
IBM Product Management
Contact this candidate