Mark Christensen
Highly motivated and success driven professional with Senior Project
and Program Management experience to manage a division or project with emphasis on profit improvement, cost reduction, Safety and product enhancement while minimizing cycle time and increasing end user satisfaction.
1985 - 1990 Berry College Rome, GA
MBA - Master of Business Administration
BA - Bachelor of Arts in International Business
2004 George Washington University
Masters Project Management / PMP
2006 – Current Contractor / Motorola Implementation Projects Program Manager / Project Manager / IT Project Manager / Construction Project Manager
Managed the following 30 projects for Motorola Systems Integration Team with the following responsibilities:
Managing the assignment of manpower, materials, and equipment to maximize efficiency, maintain schedules, and to meet budget goals.
Facilitate and manage the Design Review to prepare the Engineering and Implementation Scope.
Manage any constructions activities from application to occupancy.
Develop and maintain the Project schedule which aligns a Phased Time Budgets and customer KPI’s / Metrics.
Manage the EHS / safety protocol with all vendors
Manage Contract T&C’s, Milestone Plans, Payments and all key deliverables.
Develop interoperability plans between share users on the system(s).
Build and implement 911 call centers with the newest RF telephony equipment.
Develop and create the equipment list through the Design Review. Manage the equipment order, shipment and inventory for site installation.
Develop the project Scope of Work (SOW) for internal and external third-party teams.
Determining budget estimates and staffing requirements for the defined project and schedule. Daily monitoring equipment requirements and the services of subcontractors by the project, confirming availability for the appropriate time to ensure maximum efficiency and productivity. 1421 Planters Trail
Greensboro, GA 30642
Work 404-***-****
Objective
Education
Professional
Experience
Manage responsibilities including project conflicts, schedule development, project coordination, jobsite logistics and strict (OSHA Certified) safety program management.
Developing goals and strategy to prioritize and organize effectively, managing all areas of responsibility meeting all established KPI’s.
Execution of administrative responsibilities including project tracking, schedule proficiency, processing of all contracts, project paperwork and successful resolution of all change orders.
Strong hands-on leadership to accomplish quality, per plans on time completion, exceeding project budget goals.
Keeping alert to possible problem areas and taking preventative action to ensure that critical milestones are met for each phase of the project.
Serve as the primary contact with client representatives, subcontractors, school district representatives, and government representatives for design and implementation construction-related activities.
Maintaining strong client and community relations.
Facilitate the final project closeout, final documentation and end user signoff.
Transition projects to the Customer Service Manager or Support Team. JUN 2020 - OCT 2023 Contractor / MPSCS – State of Michigan Upgrade- $20.2 Million Budget / Consumers Energy IT Upgrade / DTE Communications System Upgrade
Project Manager - Implementation
Managed the implementation of 114 sites and five 911 dispatch sites across the State of Michigan. Developing the interoperability plan between the State of Michigan and end users on the systems. Scope included three phased projects for RF equipment installation, Antenna & line installation for 117 sites plus IT Upgrade for 56 console installations across 9 dispatch centers. Responsible for Final Systems ATP testing and Coverage testing adhering to the RF footprint for inbound / outbound coverage.
FEB 2018– AUG 2020 AUG Contractor / Motorola State of Alaska GTR Site Upgrade – $45 million Budget
Project Manager - Implementation
Managed the implementation of 75 sites and three 911 centers for the State of Alaska. Included installation and IT Upgrade of new RF equipment and Antennas & lines to support TDMA operations. Coordination conducted with the Department of Defense and Fed Ramp up procedures. Developed the interoperability plan for the Department of Defense, State agencies, local agencies and federal agencies. Sites consisted of 28 helicopter sites across the State of Alaska. Managed the shipping logistics, Microsoft scheduling, on site coordination, travel logistics, time reporting, budgeting, change management process, RFI footprint, equipment inventory management, coverage testing procedures and deliverables and all training requirements for resources.
FEB 2016 – JUN 2018 Contractor / Motorola BP Exploration Purdue Bay, AK - $13 million dollar Budget
Project Manager - Implementation
Managed the implementation team for the successful integration of 16 sites and two dispatch centers with the Motorola Iden System in Purdue, Bay Alaska. Successfully deployed all sites and work packages on time and under budget. Ensured BP Safety requirements were obtained through the life cycle of the project and participate in the safety observation program. Managed the shipping logistics, JSA permitting process, Microsoft scheduling, on site coordination, travel logistics, time reporting, budgeting, change management process, equipment inventory management, RFI coverage testing procedures and deliverables and all training requirements for resources.
JAN 2014 – 2017 NOV Contractor / Motorola
Anchorage, AK
Project Manager - Implementation
Managed the implementation and integration for a $26.3 million turn-key project, which included installation of 53 remote communication sites across the State of Alaska. Scope included: Site acquisition and development. Implementation, Civil development, infrastructure installation, Moscad alarming systems, Interoperability planning. In addition, antenna installations and Testing Microwave systems, Dispatch Consoles, Bulk Encryption, Transportable Systems, Motobridge and Bi-directional amplifier systems. Additional responsibilities include generating SOW’s, MOP’s, budgeting, subcontracting, inventory, BERT coverage testing and system acceptance testing, warranty, managing revenue milestones, technical writing for System Design Analysis, Pre Sale-Bid & Response proposals, resource planning and facilitating Critical Design Reviews and Project Kick-off Meetings. Motorola Key Project Executed from 2006 to current:
Progress Energy – FL / SC
Blaine County - Idaho
NYSEG – New York
XCEL – Colorado
Duke Energy
Seattle Depart of Transportation - Seatle
Deschutes County -Oregon
SE Alaska Expansion - Alaska
Kenai Expansion - Alaska
Motorola Rebanding Projects (Meadvestco, Chevron, Goodyear, Omaha Public Power)
Palmetto 800 MHz – South Carolina
Motobridge Statewide Implementation- Alaska
Delta Electric- Mississippi
Steuben County
Oswego County NY
Canyon County- Idaho
Montana Northern Tier – Montana
BP Gulf Coast Upgrade – Houston TX
Oregon Vcall – Bend, OR
East Brunswick – NJ
Madison County – New York
Oswego County – New York
Cayuga County – NY
Coors Brewing BDA Upgrade – Golden CO
APR 2003 – NOV 2004 Progress Energy / Team One
Raleigh, NC
Manager Logistics & Planning
Managed and developed project schedule, which included Motorola FNE installation and civil development at 71 remote IR sites, two dispatch locations consisting of 23 consoles which included a 911 phone solution and the implementation, upgrade, and cutover of 1,532 mobile and portable subscriber units. Additional responsibilities included budget reconciliation, equipment inventory, coverage testing, system acceptance testing, developing storm response plans, developing strategies for fleetmap and radio system management, 3rd party vendor subcontracting, developing migration plan for system cutover and managing project schedule tasks and costs in Primavera for high level reporting.
Communication systems for commercial, government and private sector companies. Responsibilities included project ownership, complete management, scheduling, accounting, budgeting, purchasing, change orders, sub-contracting (internal & external), system design, resource management, closeout and overall implementation from start to finish. Specific Projects and relative performance:
City of Memphis Y2K Upgrade (SEP 1999 – JAN 2000). $1.1 million dollar project to upgrade existing Smartzone wireless 2-way communication system with Y2K compliance for Police & Fire. Nine site system with 17 Channels and 243 users. Project completed on time with a 31% profit margin.
MLGW – Memphis Light Gas & Water (FEB2000-JUN-2000) $6.2 million dollar project to install wireless DataTac system utilizing five microwave sites, 6 base stations, 2 redundant network controllers and 132 vehicle radio modems. Project finished ahead of schedule with a 67% profit margin.
City of Macon/Bibb County (JUL2000 - SEP2001) $13.3 million dollar project to implement an additional site with a 400ft guy tower, upgrade existing shelter, add 17 channels to 800 Mhz Smartzone Digital system, 5 dispatch consoles at the 911 center, integrated fleetmapping and install/flash 423 mobile vehicle subscribers, which combines the Macon Police & Fire Department with Bibb County Sheriff and Public Safety. Project completed 1 month behind schedule with a 46% profit margin.
Lucent Technologies (APR2001 – JUL2001) - $1,800,000 Implement a two2 channel, three-site Smarnet trunking system with a site lens upgrade and fleetmapping. Project completed 2 months early with a 58% profit margin.
City of Atlanta – Fire station 38 (OCT 2001 – MAY 2002) $9.0 million dollar project to implement additional site to the City of Atlanta’s existing nine site, 27 channel Simulcast Smartnet system. Implementation included building 100ft self-supporting tower, new 24x30 shelter, cutover planning with public safety. Project completed 2months behind schedule as a result of change orders and new scope of work but completed with a 31% profit margin.
Progress Energy – (OCT2001 – MAR2003) $36 million dollar project to implement a 900Mhz wireless radio and data system in Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. Project included 122 new remote IR sites with 2-5 channels at each site. Implementation of three prime site (2- colocated) and 74 console positions at 8 dispatch locations, installation and removals of 3,342 mobile vehicle subscribers, 592 control stations and 576 portable subscribers. Managed project team consisting of 36 internal resources. Phase I (Florida) completed with a 37% profit margin. 1996 - 1999 Delta Air Lines Atlanta, GA
Manager - International Sales Development
Managed Transatlantic International Sales with 16 National Accounts, increasing sales from $50 million to $75 million during FY96 and FY97.
Revised Delta’s Transatlantic Sales Strategy, developing new international sales programs (consolidator, student, missionary, adoption, military, government and other special pricing programs) to support Delta Air Lines 137 global sales offices with full divisional P& L responsibilities.
Since being granted anti-trust immunity, strategically developed first airline industry joint revenue sharing sales program between Delta Air Lines, Swissair, Austrian Airlines and Sabena World Airways, increasing Delta’s international revenues by 7.3% during FY97.
Managed and Directed Delta’s Nationwide front line International Sales programs for 90+ joint accounts generating over $250 million
Managed international sales commission budgets, facilitated all field sales requests for international sales programs, implementing administrative procedures and programs to maximize profits within approved sales budget.
1991-1995 Delta Air Lines Cleveland, OH
Marketing Representative/Account Executive
Managed 43 accounts in a $132 million dollar territory.
Utilized new programs and creative ideas to increase sales by $3.7 million in a competitor’s home market.
Secured corporate contracts with Goodyear, Firestone, Goodrich, TRW, Daimler-Benz, and British Petroleum.
PMI Certified
OSHA Certified
Advanced Computer Training (MS Project, NIKU, Primavera, Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, Clarity, SDL, JAVA, R56, Planview, Greenfield)
Time Management & Situational Leadership
Code of Conduct & Ethics Training
Six-Sigma
Greg Perchstat Director – Commercial Markets Division Motorola
630-***-****
Mike Ball Program Manager – Federal Division
Motorola / 13RME
319-***-****
Brent Vincent Director – Program Management
Motorola / Harris
409-***-****
Steve Rands Director – State of Michigan
State of Michigan
517-***-****
Rob Olson NRSC Supervisor - Supervisor
State of Michigan
856-***-****
Ken Smith Manager- Telecommunications
Progress Energy
919-***-****
Professional
Training
References
Tim Woodall Program Manager - ALMR
Department of Defense
907-***-****
Contact this candidate