David Delgado
Video Conference & Audio
Visual Specialist
About Me
Professional Experience
Achievements
I am a dedicated, diligent, and enthusiastic individual with over thirty years of experience in the audio visual field. I have worked in hospitality, corporate, and civil service over the length of my career. I have been a project manager for a number of projects over the
past twelve years. For instance, installing audio visual technology within courtrooms, hearing rooms,
conference rooms, and specialty courts. Moreover, I have worked closely with architects and engineers to standardize AV equipment in courtrooms.
Hard Skill
Project Management
Coordination and Planning
Ability to communicate in terms people
would understand
Work independently
Cisco TMS Management Suite
Crestron Fusion Suite
Soft Skill
Observation and Solution
Decision making
Communication
Multi-tasking
Education Background
Crestron Technical Institute
Completed in 2019
Crestron Technical Institute
DM Certified Engineer
Completed in 2018
Crestron Technical Institute
Crestron Fusion Cloud
Completed in 2019
My Contact
ad8pro@r.postjobfree.com
San Antonio Texas 78223
210-***-****
County of Bexar / Video Conference Systems Manager 2016 -2017
2017 - 2018
Project Manager of installation of all
new audio visual equipment in the
225th DC room
Project Manager for Children's Court
and their hearing rooms and
conference rooms
Dobil Laboratories / Director of Audio Visual Services UT Health Science Center / Video Conference Tech
2010 – 2023
2007 – 2010
2006 - 2007
Managed video conference system and Zoom for the County of Bexar.
Oversaw all audio visual installations for the County of Bexar. Did assessments for elected officials and staff members to provide a technical solution.
Provided specific standardization on audio visual equipment county wide.
Suggested budgets and improvements based on the above information.
Oversaw production of live streaming of Bexar County Commissioners Court meetings.
Key responsibilities:
Installed audio visual and sound equipment for convention and meeting room facilities.
Provided technical support for hotel guests to insure equipment performance met expectations.
Invoiced hotel accounting for services provided .
Key responsibilities:
Provided video conference support to all medical, dental, internal medicine and nursing classrooms.
Video recorded classroom sessions for archival.
Key responsibilities:
DM Certified Designer– 4K (DMC-D-4K)
linkedin.com/in/david-delgado-
3a7aaa2a
Contact this candidate