Bobby J. Mills
*** ******* ****** **** **. AIRY NORTH CAROLINA 27030
336-***-****
ad8peg@r.postjobfree.com

Work Experience:
M&S Electrical Systems, Mt. Airy
(aka: Mills & Son's Electrical Systems)
Owner/Self-Employed
October 2020 - Current
I have a total of three separate metal structure residential contractors that work with me by offering to their customers the sale of my turn-key electrical packages which can now be included into the cost of their metal structure purchase.
I myself being the license holder for M&S Electrical Systems, I specifically work with the metal structure contractor and their customers that have selected to include an electrical package and from there I put together a cost for each individual package they have chosen along with a realistic schedule/deadline for the work to be completed.

I also do all of the purchasing, coordination, and billing along with routine site visits for coordination purposes with my electrical crew which consist of my two sons to ensure that each and every customer is completely satisfied with their turn-key electrical purchase.

MCBRIDE-OWENS ELECTRICAL & PLUMBING, CLEMMONS
Estimator/Project Manager, April 2016 – Oct. 2020
Bid Commercial and Industrial projects up to (My largest is 938,000.00) which includes reviewing project drawings, documents and specifications, doing material and labor take offs, soliciting supplier quotes and developing an estimate. Develop project schedule of values, provide and track weekly material and labor job cost reports, provide and track monthly invoicing as well as accounts receivables. Order and schedule materials and deliveries including issuing purchase orders. Oversee and maintain project schedules and deadlines. Oversee and provide required manpower as needed to maximize productivity and profit. Execute any changes in work as well as document daily and weekly project progress, delays and/or issues. Execute contracts, project submittals and close out documents. Attend owner and/or contractor meetings

KENCO ELECTRIC, WINSTON SALEM NC
Project Foreman, May 2015 – Nov 2015
Oversee project installations, Read blueprints, coordinate with other trades and lay out daily and weekly task for up to 14 men, Order and schedule job site material and deliveries, Bring projects in under budget to ensure maximum profit.

"SELF" @ M&S ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS, PILOT MOUNTAIN NC
Owner, May 2012 – Apr 2015
I hold a NC Limited Electrical Contractors License (1996 to Current)

KENCO ELECTRIC, WINSTON SALEM NC
Estimator/Project Manager, Jul 2007 – Apr 2012
Bid Commercial and Industrial projects up to (My largest was 1.7 million) which includes reviewing project drawings, documents and specifications, doing material and labor take offs, soliciting supplier quotes and developing an estimate. Develop project schedule of values, provide and track weekly material and labor job cost reports, provide and track monthly invoicing as well as accounts receivables. Order and schedule materials and deliveries including issuing purchase orders. Oversee and maintain project schedules and deadlines. Oversee and provide required manpower as needed to maximize productivity and profit. Execute any changes in work as well as document daily and weekly project progress, delays and/or issues. Execute contracts, project submittals and close out documents. Attend owner and/or contractor meetings

SAMMY PHILLIPS ELECTRIC, WINSTON SALEM NC

Estimator/Project Manager, Jan 2003 – Jan 2007

Bid Commercial and Industrial projects up to (My largest was 2.4 million) which includes reviewing project drawings, documents and specifications, doing material and labor take offs, soliciting supplier quotes and developing an estimate. Develop project schedule of values, provide and track weekly material and labor job cost reports, provide and track monthly invoicing as well as accounts receivables. Order and schedule materials and deliveries including issuing purchase orders. Oversee and maintain project schedules and deadlines. Oversee and provide required manpower as needed to maximize productivity and profit. Execute any changes in work as well as document daily and weekly project progress, delays and/or issues. Execute contracts, project submittals and close out documents. Attend owner and/or contractor meetings.

VICK BROTHERS ELECTRIC, ASHEBORO NC

Estimator/Project Manager, Mar 2001 – Jan 2003

Bid Commercial and Industrial projects up to (My largest was 1.4 million) which includes reviewing project drawings, documents and specifications, doing material and labor take offs, soliciting supplier quotes and developing an estimate. Develop project schedule of values, provide and track weekly material and labor job cost reports, provide and track monthly invoicing as well as accounts receivables. Order and schedule materials and deliveries including issuing purchase orders. Oversee and maintain project schedules and deadlines. Oversee and provide required manpower as needed to maximize productivity and profit. Execute any changes in work as well as document daily and weekly project progress, delays and/or issues. Execute contracts, project submittals and close out documents. Attend owner and/or contractor meetings.

KENCO ELECTRIC, WINSTON SALEM NC

Project Foreman, Nov 1999 – Feb 2001

Oversee project installations Read blueprints, coordinate with other trades and lay out daily and weekly task for up to 14 men, Order and schedule job site material and deliveries, Bring projects in under budget to ensure maximum profit.

COOPER ELECTRIC, GREENSBORO NC

Project Foreman, Dec 1998 – Oct 1999

Oversee project installations Read blueprints, coordinate with other trades and lay out daily and weekly task for up to 14 men, Order and schedule job site material and deliveries, Bring projects in under budget to ensure maximum profit.

PROGRESS ELECTRIC, MOORESVILLE NC

Operations Manager, Dec 1993 – Dec 1998

Oversee project installations, Read blueprints, coordinate with other trades and lay out daily and weekly task, Order and schedule job site material and deliveries, Bring projects in under budget to ensure maximum profit. Transitioned from field Project Foreman and was brought into the office and began Estimation and Project Management training.

W.B. MOORE ELECTRIC, CHARLOTTE NC

Electrician, Jun 1991 – Sep 1993

BROWN and ROOT CONSTRUCTION, WAYNESBORO VA

Electrician, Sep 1990 – May 1991

BRYANT ELECTRIC, HIGHPOINT NC

Helper/Top Helper, Jul 1985 – Aug 1990

Education:

MOUNT AIRY SENIOR HIGH, MOUNT AIRY NC

Completed course work towards High School Diploma,

May 1985 I finished 11th grade in May 1985 and went to work at Bryant Electric in July 1985

Additional Skills:

I hold a "Limited NC Electrical Contractors License” from March 1996 to Current

Additional Information:

I am 55 years old and I have a total of 39 years electrical experience. I was pulled from the field back in April/May of 1996 and first introduced to Electrical Estimating and have basically for the most part remained as an Commercial Electrical Estimator/Project Manager ever since. I feel that my years of experience makes me equally as strong whether it be in the field or in the office.

I have a handful of customers that I have built a relationship with and they have followed me from contractor to contractor.

I’m just looking for the opportunity to prove myself. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate in contacting me.

Sincerely,
Bobby J. Mills
Contact this candidate