Billy Hlavaty Project Management Pipelines and Midstream Facilities LNG Offshore Operations
**** * ****** **** ******* Dr, Cypress, TX 77433 713-***-**** ad8q2x@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/williamhlavaty
SUMMARY
A seasoned Spanish speaking oil & gas professional seeking contract or long term employment. Imbued with a passion for the work and extensive experience in operations, engineering, project portfolio management, and asset management. Comprehensive E&P and Midstream experience in the exploration, development, production, gathering, handling, and processing of crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids, LNG, and refined petroleum products. Management experience in crude oil gathering, pipelines, tank terminal operations, floating storage, de-commissioning, and demolition. Able to interact with all levels of executive management in the selection, development, and sanctioning of projects. A senior project manager with a track record of completing projects on time, on budget, with zero LTI’s.
Project Engineer, Project Manager, Owner’s Engineer, and engineering study lead.
Facilities and Pipeline engineer/project manager for major engineering companies, Midstream, LNG, and E&P Operators.
Executed projects with TIC from $50k to $4.5 billion.
General Manager of a worldscale crude gathering, handling, and marine export operation in Venezuela.
Reported directly to a JV Board of Directors. Responsible for commercial relations with main client, Venezuelan government of President Hugo Chavez, and national labor unions.
Operations engineering for onshore and offshore gathering of both crude oil and natural gas. Well pad construction, interconnects, metering, compression, storage tanks, power systems, gas treating and processing, saltwater disposal, inspection, diving operations, and repairs.
SKILL SET
Leading project and operations teams. Influencing colleagues and subordinates to work as a team. Mentoring junior personnel.
Decision Analysis in developing a business case into a feasible project. Use of project framing techniques in the identification and preparation of various options for presentation to an executive board. Gathers input from wide band of stakeholders and decision makers to clarify and evaluate risk, and define uncertainties.
Consultant providing economic and benchmarking studies for client operations.
Ability to develop realistic cost estimates and schedules based on risk and stay inside of authorized budget.
Project Management and Project Engineering for E&P, Midstream, and Downstream Operators.
Project and Scope of Work Development. Feasibility Studies. Concept Selection. Pre-FEED Studies.
Bid package and CTR preparation, manpower loading plans. Development of engineering standards and practice. Prepares project plans for execution, safety, technology qualification, specifications, quality assurance, Requests For Information (RFI), hook-up, commissioning and start-up (CSU), asset operability, and demolition. For pipelines, ROW survey and geotechnical program planning. ROW acquisition strategies.
Bulk storage operations, inventory stewardship, and multiple modes of transport of crude oil and petroleum liquids.
Operations and project engineering for gas gathering and processing.
Management of Change. Root Cause investigations and analyses
Facilities Engineering – SURF, Topsides, Onshore Production Lease Sites, Pump and Compressor Stations, Midstream Gas Processing, LNG (large and small scale), Floating Storage (tanker conversions), Salt Water Disposal, Pipeline Leak Detection. Site remediation. Geotechnical Campaigns for Foundations. FERC filings.
Petroleum Storage Facilities, Salt Caverns, and Terminals including optimization studies and brownfield remediation.
Operations Readiness, Commissioning and Start-Up planning and execution, and Operations Excellence
Planning and execution of pigging, hydrotest, and facility demolition programs.
Power user MS Office Suite. Uses MS Visio for graphical planning tools, PFD and P&ID sketches.. MS Project and Primavera P6 (TIC > $500 million) for scheduling and managing project activities. IHS Questor for cost estimation. MathCad and Excel for engineering calculations. HYSYS and DWSIM for process modeling. PIPESIM and Ariel Compression for hydraulics modeling.
Versed in API, ASME, and DnV codes, standards, and RP’s, NFPA, IMCA and OCIMF guidelines, US DoT and FERC regulations and practices.

EXPERIENCE
Worley Consulting – Associate Project Manager LNG, Houston, Tx 2023 - 2024
Project Manager for small scale, greenfield liquefaction venture. Manpower loading studies and organization of resources.. Bid preparation for technology subcontractors. Schedule development and project planning. Basis of design for civil, marine and LNGC conversion to floating stotage, liquefaction, and feed gas pre-treatment.
Freeport LNG – Contract Sr Project Engineer- Freeport, Tx 2022 - Present
Project Engineer for restoration project doing repair and recommissioning of liquefaction plant after major incident. PSSR walkdowns. Handled and closed out over 320 RFI’s from lead contractor on subjects ranging from structural and piping specification variances, code research and resolution, to drawing revisions. Initiated 4 separate Management of Change requests and presented to Management and Operations Engineering for review and approval. Engineering support for mechanical completions, turnover and acceptance, welding specifications for 304 and 316 stainless steel, control valve inspection/repair/replacement/refurbishment and testing including bespoke manufacture and in-situ replacement of key components of valves deemed process critical. Design Reviews. Small project scope development and facility rehabilitation of dry salt cavern storage facility using output of 3 separate PHA analyses. Troubleshooting Dehydration and BTEX operations.
Seaport Canaveral – Contract Project Manager – Port Canaveral, FL 2019 - 2022
Project Manager for a downstream $16 million brownfield, logistics project in an extremely sensitive natural environment on Atlantic coast. Direct report to project and corporate sponsors in US and Europe. Project scope involved planning and executing a high visibility facilities replacement within an active marine terminal critical to the regional economy of central Florida. Extremely corrosive local conditions and multiple protected marine life present. Responsibilities include managing a prime engineering and construction contractor predominantly staffed with personnel speaking only Spanish, worksite safety and supervision, review and critique of engineering deliverables, lift engineering, welding design and inspection, and procurement, management of change. Also carried multiple roles in engineering, QA/QC, HSE, and document control. Planning and execution of pipeline pigging, hydrotesting, asset decommissioning, and marine demolition. Initiated 3 separate Management of Change packages along with engineering review of changes in structural engineering of elevated pipe rack. Developed economic analyses and scopes of work for revamp of plant instrument air system, replacement of multistage pumping for conversion of Heavy Fuel Oil export pipeline to Biodiesel, tank farm subsidence remediation, site prep/layout for potential small scale LNG liquefaction plant, and modifications to piping and control valves on 3 separate dock facilities. These included technical specifications, bid packages, and bid tab evaluation. Project demobilized Dec 2021.

Deepwater Offshore Gathering Systems – Director Subsea Gathering and Pipeline Development – Houston, Tx
2017 -2018
Private Start-up venture engaged in developing offshore midstream and subsea solutions. Prepared roadshow presentations to investors and patent application for proprietary technology. Responsible for conceptual engineering of SURF architecture, preliminary design, and cost estimation.

INTECSEA - Executive Engineer- Houston, Tx 2013 -2018
Consulting services for client project development and concept selection studies. Project Manager and Project engineer for SURF, Facilities & PIpeline, Field Operations SME, HAZID and HAZOP studies. Operations Readiness. Systems Completion (Commissioning and Start-up planning and execution, decommissioning planning).

Marine Well Containment Company – Subsea Project Lead, Houston, Tx 2011 - 2013
Contract Project Management Contractor reporting directly to VP of Technology with responsibility for the engineering, design, qualification, and delivery of the SURF, Topsides hardware, and control systems for a new operational concept: a hybrid deepwater subsea blowout response and hydrocarbon containment/recovery system. Collaborate with JIT Stakeholders ExxonMobil, Shell, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, and BP in planning storage, make-ready, deployment, and installation planning for a comprehensive subsea and floating production processing kit (tanker conversion) to meet a variety of response conditions and environmental factors. Worked with primary contractors and vendors in developing operating manuals, spare parts interchangeability records, and make ready planning for all subsea systems and installation equipment.
ConocoPhillips - Staff Production Facilities Engineer, Houston, Tx 2008 - 2009
Senior Staff Facilities Engineer for East Texas and North Louisiana Production Operations. Engineering, production lease construction, well completions, metering, gas processing, compression, pipelines, and salt water disposal.

Williams Companies: 1999 -2008
Senior Project Manager/Project Engineer, Williams Midstream, Houston, Tx
Operations engineering and project management for onshore and offshore gathering, processing, and transport
of crude oil and natural gas. Onshore pipeline/flowline construction. Monthly presentations to project director and
executive sponsors.

General Manager, Jose Marine Terminal, Williams International, Puerto La Cruz, Venezuela
Executive manager of a worldscale marine export terminal and crude oil gathering operation in Eastern Venezuela. Operation included assets for storage, handling, treatment, and disposal of produced water. Responsible for monthly profit/loss statements performance presentations to a JV Board of Directors. Implemented actions to improve terminal processes for docking, loading, and maintenance thereby improving daily average lift volume from 795,000 to 865,000 bopd.
Pipeline Engineer, Williams Mid-South Refining, Memphis, Tn
Pipeline engineer for merchant refiner in Mid-South with responsibilities over refinery tank farm, 3 local pipelines, 4 product, 1 crude oil, and 1 rail terminal. QA/QC over road and aviation fuels, refinery grade NGL’s, and crude oil feedstocks. Operations and Engineering Advisor for Trading and Supply Teams.

EDUCATION
Texas A&M University B. Sci. Petroleum Engineering
Texas A&M University B. Sci. Engineering Technology - Mechanical

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS
Society of Petroleum Engineers, Projects, Facilities, and Construction Study Group
American Society of Mechanical Engineers
American Petroleum Institute, Measurement Committee and Chapter 17 Task Group
Society of Decision Professionals
Project Management Institute

SPECIFIC TECHNICAL EXPERTISE/SPECIALIST COURSES
SAFEGULF certification 2012 Ariel Compression Simulator
TWIC, 201*-****-**** HYSYS/DWSIM
HAZWOPR – Operations, 2012 PipeSim
HAZWOPR – Incident Command Value of Information Analytics
Decision Framing for Projects Economics & Decision Analysis
MS Office 365 MS Project
MS Visio CAD: AutoCad, Solidworks, Sage, BlueSky
Root Cause Analysis Primavera P6
Questor (IHS cost estimation) PMP Exam Preparation Course.
USCG Port Security. Adobe Acrobat power user.
Mathcad. Crude oil and natural gas quality
TSO Valve Refurbishment
Contact this candidate