CURRICULAM VITAE
Satish Vishwakarma
Ward No. ** Harnampaur
Maihar, Distt. - Satna (MP)
Mo. – 826-***-****/781-***-****
Email- ad8qtt@r.postjobfree.com
Experience Synopsis
Present Assignment
Presently Working PNC INFRATECH LIMTED In Delhi to Vadodara Expressway Road Project NH 47 8 lane in the State of Gujarat as a Sr.Store Officer From 07.10.2020 to till date Project Cost- 800 Cr.
Previous Assignment
Worked with Patel Infrastructure Ltd in Kota to Jhalawar Road Project NH.-52 4 lane PQC road in the State of Rajasthan as a Executive Store from 15.04.2018 to 25.09.2020 date Project Cost- 1149.00 Cr.
Worked with Dilip Buildcon Ltd. In UP/MP Road Project Allahabad Four lining on NH- 27 in the State of Uttar Pradesh as a Asst. Store & Purchase From 25.06.2016 to 10.04.2018 Project Cost- 800 Cr.
Worked with Supreme Infrastructure India Ltd. In Kotkapura to Muktsar Road Project
(Toll Project) in the State of Punjab as a Store Asst. From 05.01.2015 to 20.06.2016 Project Cost- 316 Cr.
Total Experience – 9+ Years
Job responsibilities
Handling store SAP Module (GR, Bill Entry, Issue, PO,PR,STO And Debit )
Designing, implementing & streamlining standard operating procedures for warehouse management:
Updating of all Materials movement through online SAP
Ensure that the Stores Functioning procedures are followed as per the Standard Operating Procedures and no deviation takes place from the said rules, except with prior concurrence of the Head Office Stores Department or Project Manger in writing.
Implementing inventory control measures to reduce to obsolete stock, keeping tab on proper stacking, preservation, receipt & issue of material.
Coordinating for delivery of material, ensuring optimum utilization of vehicles and manpower. Receipt of goods, proper storage as per MSDS, and maintenance of critical records (batch expiry date, etc.).
Maintenance of proper documentation for material receipt, inspections, issuance and aiding in dispatch of material issued from store to site.
Segregate the materials for disposal and store them separately in a nominated location and prominently flag them for identification, Forward a report to this effect to the Head Office on a monthly basis clearly bringing out the quantity and the approximate value of the same.
Responsible for the Monthly Stock closure of site and ensure that the same is done in a timely manner as specified by the Head Office
Report to the Project Manager administratively on a day-to-day basis and plan his material requirements as per the orders of the Project Manager, and report to Stores Department at Head Office on functional basis.
Checking receipt of material as per PO with quality and quantity.
Proper documentations of all purchase bills with their GRN.
Arrangement of store material with coordination with purchase dept.
Preparing monthly stock.
Generating all MIS reports for managerial purpose.
House keeping with coordination with site people.
Safe material handling and FIFO principle known and followed.
Preparation of debit-credit note.
Ensure all non-conforming items are replaced and documenting same on supplier DO.
Ensuring all returnable tools and equipment.
Preparing weekly and monthly inventory and cost of the materials.
Coordinating with central store for equipment/material transfer.
Maintaining calibration instrument /Equipment calibrating status and ensuring valid.
Ensure safe isolated storage of highly inflammatory materials – gas, fuel etc.
Additional responsibilities as given by Project Manager/ time keeping of personal.
Prevent misuse of company material tools and equipment for reduce the project cost in the interest of our esteemed organization.

Coordination with client for receiving client supplied materials and documentation, reconciliation & Responsible for accounting all materials received at Project Site, from Client, maintain proper and correct records of such materials and reconcile with Billing Department the accuracy of deductions made thereof by the client from our R.A. Bills
Coordination with Client and sub-contractors:
Ensure that all materials / assets given on RETURNABLE basis to Contractors / Sub Contractors are received back to stores department in good and working conditions. To ensure that a Debit note is properly raised on any defaulting Contractors / Sub Contractors.
• Materials Managements
• Stock Verification
• Operations / Maintenance
• Applications: oracle SAP R/3 (mm), Web base mail.
• Operating systems: windows 98, 2000, 2007, XP, Vista.
• Packages: MS-Office 2003, 2007, 2010.
• B.COM (Graduation) in APS University (MP)
• 12th in MP Board
• 10th in MP Board.
• Date of birth: 08th August 1993
• Gender / marital status: Male / Unmarried
• Father’s name: Mr. Tarunendra Vishwakarma
• Languages known: Hindi, English
• Permanent address: Maihar (MP)
Satish Vishwakarma
Professional skills
Computer skills
Qualifications
Personal details
Contact this candidate