Kirk Pacheco
Largo, FL ***** 727-***-****
ad8qqu@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/kirkpacheco
Program / Project Manager / CISSP/ TS/SCI Senior Business Analyst

Performance-driven professional with experience in managing programs and projects operations contributing to organizational excellence and driving superior performance. Proven success in advising and assisting the team to provide strategic direction and oversight in the coordination of high-risk assessments with operational guidance pertaining to counterintelligence organizations, physical security, and cyber security. Delivering programs and projects that align with security requirements such as JFAN and HIPAA. History of leading various projects, securing new business, and negotiating profitable alliances with strategic partners to expand footprint throughout the US. Deft at managing and directing the daily execution of multiple programs within contract requirements to meet the cost, schedules, and performance goals. Possess expertise in following project standards and as well as technical and methodical aptitude to analyze problems and devise creative solutions.
Areas of Expertise
Cybersecurity Compliance
Physical Security Compliance
Program & Project Management

Agile, Waterfall, Scrum Methodologies
Critical Assessment Risk
Analysis Risk Assessment & Mitigation

Change Management Process
Process Improvement
Team Training & Building
Professional Experience
The Computer Merchant (Subcontractor to GDIT), Miami, FL 04/2024 – Present
Project Manager

Project Manager for the BICES Program at SOUTHCOM HQ.
Developed project schedules for the enterprise level program.
Documented project process for each project executed.
Weekly / monthly stakeholders meeting.
Directed 13 international projects.
Led a high-performing team in achieving project goals and exceeding client expectations.
Identified potential risks and developed mitigation strategies to ensure successful project outcomes.
Planned and executed complex projects within timeline and budget constraints.
Effectively communicated with clients to address inquiries, provide updates, and ensure satisfaction with services.

EM Key Solutions / CORTEK, St. Petersburg, FL 10/2023 – 12/2023
Program Manager

Forward facing to the client concerning all program related tasks.
Ensures all contractual obligations are met for the program.
Complete weekly, monthly, and ad-hoc reports for the client.
Present program status to the Veterans Admission, Veterans Benefits Administration, Executive Committee.
Develop and foster a diverse project team ensuring a successful project outcome for the client.
Develop deliverable templates.

SAIC, Tampa, FL 10/2021 – 03/2023
Project Manager / Senior Business Analyst

Strong analytical person, who can identify/anticipate requirements and provide creative solutions to the team.
Applied Cybersecurity Compliance best practices to each project.
Managed a diverse portfolio of CENTCOM projects.
oAssisted in managing a 45M project pipeline.
oAchieved the first application (VJOC) to be put into the CENTCOM cloud in an operational environment.
Gathered requirements from stakeholders.
Ensure new IT assets were added to the CMDB.
Developed use cases.
Developed high level test plans.
Preformed both functional and user acceptance testing.
Reviewed construction documentation to ensure that they meet requirements.
Developed and published Requests for Proposals (RFPs), Requests for Information, Proposals for Change (PFCs), Contract Change Notices (CCNs).
Utilized Cisco solutions to satisfy project requirements.
Assess and enhance programs: Requirements Definition, Strategic Planning, and Stakeholder Analysis.
Actively engaging with business stakeholders to ensure prioritization of requirements and ensuring project updates are clearly communicated in a timely manner.
Utilize agile, scrum methodologies and risk management tools to enhance project tracking, coordination, Critical Path Analysis, and de-conflict with other projects.
Processes, Procedures, and Program Management best practices for Government audiences.
Delivering programs and projects that align with security requirements such as JFAN and other government guidelines.
Mitigated security risk such as access controls (physical & cyber) and inherent vulnerability management.
Provides Project Status, Reporting, Progress Tracking, Control Gates, Data Management, Project Communication, Risk Analysis.
Performs process analysis, process improvement and monitor/control processes.
Applies analytic methodologies and principles to identify improvement areas in new and mature programs and support process reengineering.
Develop and present needs assessments, briefings, position papers, and reports.
Utilize business process tools and specialized expertise to streamline initiatives and integrate disparate rules, policy, and technologies.
Leverage subject matter expertise and problem-solving methodologies to foster solutions alleviating strategic roadblocks and create innovative solutions for ambiguous problem-sets.
Utilize SharePoint for process flow and documentation.
Utilize Microsoft Office 365 office products to include Visio and Power BI Facilitate meetings, informal workshops and brown-bag-type sessions related to Sponsor initiatives, methodologies, and programs for audiences up to the executive level.

PSI, St. Petersburg, FL 06/2015 – 2/1/2021
Senior Project Manager / Senior Business Analyst / Senior Management Analyst / Project Controller
Streamline wide range of management operations, including leading multiple technology projects on time and given deadlines. Adopt change management process that gained stakeholder(s) buy-in and team value and support on consistent basis. Collaborate with client executives and their respective teams by using communication skills and leveraging technical, business, and financial acumen. Deliver effective guidance and consultation services for the transition of products to IV&V and execution of outreach services to the various development teams. Allocate IV&V resources to run workload for staff and testing projects for the VA Testing Service.
Managed over 32M project pipeline.
Utilized and implemented agile, waterfall, and scrum project management methodologies for the project delivery to meet timeline and budgetary targets.
Development of Statements of Work (SOW) for subcontractors’
Delivering projects that align with security requirements such as HIPAA and other government guidelines.
Applied Cybersecurity Compliance best practices to each project.
Formulated business plans and oversaw multimillion-dollar projects as per business goals with technology solutions that resulted in improving process, attaining competitive advantage, and gaining bottom-line results.
Actively engaging with business stakeholders to ensure prioritization of requirements and ensuring project updates are clearly communicated in a timely manner.
Managed B2B Contract relationships on 12 unique projects totaling 40 million dollars.
Utilize SharePoint for process flow and documentation.
Led highly skilled team of technical professionals to ensure timely delivery and completion of projects.
Utilize Microsoft Office 365 office products to include Visio and Power BI.
Robert Half Technologies, Chicago, IL 01/2015 – 03/2015
Program Manager / Senior Business Analyst
Administered program procedures for the formulation of program plans and execution of a feasibility study of regulatory voice. Oversaw the text data mining projects for a large financial institution. Devised and enforced automated and SharePoint workflow solution for managing and completing the parallel regulatory tagging project. Selected significant resources for completing projects in compliance with the project plan. Discussed program initiatives and proposed effective suggestions by leading status meetings with team members and stakeholders on a weekly basis.
Utilized and executed existing IT infrastructure by developing a SharePoint workflow solution for Text Mining Regulatory Review.
Improved business process efficiency through completion of projects by preparing detailed work plans.
Responsible for client engagement - working with the business stakeholders to prioritize requirements and ensure project updates are clearly communicated.
Regulated all aspects of voice and text data mining review process by creating process flows and procedures.
Tracked and increased progress of projects and proposed key adjustments for successful completion of the project.

VP of Operations / Senior Business Analyst 08/2007 – 09/2013
Air Ambulance Network

Managed a top-to-bottom redesign of the company website, logo, and marcom with help from a top graphics/web design firm. Implemented advanced SEO/SEM processes. Drove a 40% jump in traffic, as well as a double-digit increase in site visitor stickiness and a major increase in sales revenue.

Utilizing Salesforce to create an end-to-end CRM platform, forecasting & compliance. Inadequate tools left business on the table, hampered planning and risked HIPPA compliance deficiencies. Sourced and customized a Salesforce CRM platform to manage the full lifecycle of all patient/client relationships from the lead phase to completion. Implemented privacy protections to ensure HIPPA compliance. Created sales and marketing dashboards to manage lead flow and follow ups. Captured comprehensive performance metrics, enabling enhanced planning and forecasting. Increased revenue by 40%.

Project Manager / Security Manager / Simulator Technician 06/2005 – 8/2007
Boeing – Lakenheath, UK

Directed two major flight simulator programs for the US DoD at Lakenheath, UK. Managed construction of new facilities, security certifications, system installation and training for USAF programs valued at more than $57M.

Achievements at Boeing include:
Delivered $57M in flight simulator programs ahead of schedule at Boeing. Tapped to manage two simulator programs at overseas bases for the USAF.
Simultaneously directed a $22M project for the F-15C and a $35M project for the F-15E Strike Eagle from inception to completion.
Managed planning, staging, subcontractors, testing and training at a base in the United Kingdom. Exceeded all contract requirements.
Reviewed construction documentation to ensure that they meet requirements.
Delivered programs and projects that align with security requirements such as JFAN and other government guidelines.
Actively engaging with business stakeholders to ensure prioritization of requirements and ensuring project updates are clearly communicated to all stakeholders in a timely manner.
Utilized Cisco solutions to satisfy project requirements.
Mitigated security risk such as access controls (physical & cyber) and inherent vulnerability management.
Cured security deficiencies to win DoD certification. A USAF flight training/simulator operation in Lakenheath, UK failed to meet DoD security standards.
Performed user acceptance testing of the simulator.
Wrote new physical, personal and information security plans for all government and contractor employees.
Tracked all IT assets including Hardware and software and maintained version control.
Obtained the critical certification ahead of schedule, enabling the program to move forward.
Corrected a design defect to keep a major project on schedule.
A design deficiency in the HVAC system at a USAF facility in the UK threatened to delay completion of a flight training/simulator facility for the F-15C. Managing the program for Boeing, developed and deployed a corrective plan. Brought the project back on track, avoiding a potentially costly delay.

Chief, Advanced Programs Maintenance 06/2001 – 09/2005
USAF – Lakenheath, UK

Directed 48th Fighter Wing Advanced Programs Security/maintenance activities. Interfaces with AP offices at HQ USAFE, HQ ACC, SAF/Acquisitions, Air Intelligence Agency, Air Warfare Center, Warner Robins Air Logistics Center, and Weapons System Evaluation Program. Directs requirements for AP secure working facilities/networks and ensures they meet SAF/AQ security requirements.

Key Accomplishments:

Managed a $100M project for the F-15C and the F-15E Strike Eagle from inception to completion.
Developed an innovative solution for secure disposal of classified media.
The USAF base in Lakenheath, UK lacked an efficient means for destroying classified materials. Researched, sourced, and installed a high- efficiency incinerator system capable of burning all paper, electronic, optical, and magnetic media cost- effectively. The batch system was so effective that it was deployed at other USAF sites in Europe.
Directed a $60M USAF construction project.
Assigned to manage a 22,000-sf project to house all F-15E Strike Eagle operations. Led the project from the design phase through completion. The facility, which encompassed maintenance, training, and flight operations, was the first-ever to merge two squadrons at a single site. The specialized facility included four highly secure vaults totaling 9,600 sf.
Developed new training program, earning #1 performance rank.
Reviewed construction documentation to ensure that they meet requirements.
Delivered programs and projects that align with security requirements such as JFAN and other government guidelines.
Tracked, managed, and reported IT assets for 7 physically separated facilities.
Achieved 100% ratings at overseas high security sites.
Tasked with strengthening security and safety at ten temporary sites housing highly classified USAF operations around the world. Conducted comprehensive site/operational audits. Drafted and implemented robust threat management plans. Successfully mitigated all potential physical, data and personal security and safety threats.
Education & Credentials
Master of Business Administration, Concentration in Technology Management, 2014.
Phoenix University
Duel major B.S. Business Management/Computer Studies. 2005
University of Maryland University College
Applied Science degree, Avionic Systems Technology. 1990
Air University
Accounting Certificate. 2005
University of Maryland University College
Security Clearance
Top Secret, SCI
Training & Certifications
PMP, Cert # 1744452, 08/22/2014 – 08/22/2026
CISSP, Cert# 888250, 08/1/2021 - 08/31/2024
Advance Certified Scrum Master Cert# 000******-**/22/2020
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt in Information Technology Cert# iKHkhgDAJd 4/23/2020.
CompTIA IT Operations Specialist Candidate ID COMP001020790482
CompTIA Secure Infrastructure Specialist Candidate ID COMP001020790482
ITIL, 10/9/2015
Security+, 2016 Candidate ID COMP001020790482
Network+, 2014 Candidate ID COMP001020790482
A+, 2014 Candidate ID COMP001020790482
DIA Advanced Personnel Security Training, 2004
Contact this candidate