JOSHUA ZIKE, PMP
Project Management Professional Certified
Wolcott, CT 06716

860-***-****

ad8qrf@r.postjobfree.com

www.linkedin.com
Dynamic Project Manager with 12+ years of expertise in developing innovative solutions, analyzing data and creating effective strategies vital to health and environmental program initiatives. Demonstrated strong analytical abilities and a commitment to safety and team development, leading to a high standard for quality and responsiveness within budget constraints and deadlines. Skilled in cross-functional collaboration, project management, and devising new approaches to problems encountered to drive successful outcomes.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Project Management Concepts Agile/Scrum Master Tradeshow Management Budgeting Risk Assessment Data Analysis Stakeholder Engagement Staff Training & Development Resource Allocation Natural Problem Solver Teamwork & Collaboration Attention to Detail Leadership & Organizational Skills Decision-Making & Negotiations Regulatory Compliance Strategic Planning
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FIELD SUPERVISOR/PROJECT MANAGER – RTI International, Wolcott, CT Mar 2014 – Feb 2016, May 2018 – Jan 2024
Successfully managed logistical projects from start to finish, developed agenda and meeting documentation for meetings, and attended and participated in meetings by providing input to resolve specific issues.
Managed contractual compliance issues and developed resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client satisfaction goals.
Responsible for creating workflow management systems to estimate, prevent, and mitigate potential risks for various projects.
Executed and monitored project strategies, including scheduling and coordinating field activities needed for project progress.
Utilized sound project management principles to ensure the successful completion of projects within the allocated budget.
Provided technical expertise and guidance to a team of 25 staff members for data collection, ran workshops for Field interviewers and Supervisors on strategies and new technology while working on Lean/Agile teams to execute process improvement.
Collaborated with Regional supervisors to ensure accurate delivery of communications with cross-functional teams and stakeholders.
PROJECT MANAGER – Champions of Leisure LLC, Shelton, CT Oct 2011 – Nov 2019
Delivered national brand Launches, including Champions of Leisure®, Pearl Odyssey®, and Wandering Wander, with primary responsibilities in managing, purchasing and procurement projects, handling, sourcing, quality assurance and negotiation tasks.
Successfully expanded into the Southwest region, introducing the products to untapped markets while working in a hybrid agile/waterfall style to ensure predictive targets were met despite volatile conditions.
Served as Scrum master on projects to develop and establish more comprehensive inventory management systems that helped raise overall efficiency. Orchestrated new intellectual property and marketing materials in print and visual mediums.
Applied marketing strategies, tactics and measurement plans that were designed to meet organizational objectives and make a lasting impact on stakeholders. Aggressively sought advertising opportunities, including new methods and market size and coverage.
Fostered lucrative and robust cross-functional relationships with contractors to manage social media marketing, event promotions and sales events, leading to better communications and a seamless customer experience.
OTHER WORK EXPERIENCES
EVENTS/MARKETING COORDINATOR – Venture Photography, Norwalk CT Sep 2008 – Oct 2011
AREA MANAGER – Rosetta Stone, Stamford CT Jul 2007 – Sep 2010
EVENT MARKETER – Home Comfort Now, Manchester, CT Jul 2006 – Mar 2008
EDUCATION
Associate in Business Administration – Housatonic Community College 2012 – 2018
CERTIFICATIONS & TRAININGS
Project Management Professional (PMP)®, Project Management Institute Feb 2024
Google Project Management Feb 2024
TOOLS & TECHNOLOGY PROFICIENCIES
Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, Outlook & Powerpoint, JavaScript, Asana, ADP Systems
Contact this candidate