GEORGE NICHOLSON, P.E., M.S.
**** ***** *** ****
Thousand Oaks, CA 91320
805-***-**** home
805-***-**** cell
ad8qtc@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Twenty-six (26) years of project engineering experience in the oil and gas, refinery, and transportation industries. Refinery experience includes the following: Mobil - Torrance, Shell - Carson, Ultramar - Wilmington, Equilon - Long Beach, and Chevron - El Segundo. Skilled in the development of engineering estimates, tracking schedules and budgets and ensuring top performance. Proven leadership, decision-making and self-starting skills, with a quest for excellence in a team environment. Excellent communications skills, with the ability to comprehensively communicate with clients, engineering disciplines, vendors and process contractors.

CREDENTIALS/EDUCATION

M.S. – Materials Science, University of California Los Angeles, California
B.S. – Engineering Science, University of California Los Angeles, California

California Registered Professional Metallurgical Engineer, #1647
California Registered Professional Industrial Engineer, #3865

HVAC Systems Certificate, Long Beach State University, October 1998

PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS

Past President, Pasadena Chapter of California Society of Professional Engineers
Past President, Toastmasters, Long Beach Chapter
Past member, NACE, Los Angeles Chapter
Past member, ASHRAE, Orange County Chapter

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

T.J. Cross Engineers, Ventura, CA (2007-2008)
Project Manager
Project Manager on multiple projects for various clients as follows:
-Venoco Projects: 1) Casing Gas Header Upgrade Project and 2) Chiller Plant Expansion Project.
-PXP-Murphy Gas Expansion Plant including PSA skid, Tail Gas Compressor Skid and Reflux skid. Responsible for PFD’s, P&ID’s, Piping Drawings, Equipment List, Line Sizing, Tie-In List, and Instrument Index.
-Vintage Project: Water Flood Injection System, 1) Relocated Existing Water Injection Pump, 2) New Suction and Discharge Piping, New Instrumentation and Controls.
-PXP Montebello Land Development Estimate: 1) Underground Well Cellars, 2) Underground Piping and Hydraulics, 3) New Central Gas Plant, 4) PFD’s and P&ID’s, 5) Estimate.
-AERA: 1) Platform Elly Drain System Piping, 2) Platform Elly Pump Discharge Piping, 3) Platform Ellen Injection Pump Discharge Piping and 4) Platform Ellen Injection Wellhead Standards.

Jacobs Engineering Co., Cypress, CA (2006)
Principal Project Engineer III
Principal Project Engineer working in a major refinery in Los Angeles. Responsible for engineering, estimating, construction, costs and schedule for four refinery projects as follows:
Block Valve/Check Valve Program, adding pressure bleed valves between pumps and check valves/block valves in every process unit to ensure operator safety.
Two small heater projects to install new actuators to better control the heater dampers to reduce emissions.
Civil project to relocate underground sewer and fire water piping to make way for new construction.
Structural Steel Upgrade Program to inspect structural steel in every process unit and replace, if necessary.

TN & Associates, Ventura, CA (2004-2005)
Consulting Mechanical Engineer
Mechanical engineer working part-time on a ground water/vapor remediation project. Prepared process P&IDs using vacuum pumps, UV reactors and thermal oxidizers. Developed treatment plant layout drawings, well piping drawings, equipment sizing, hydraulic calculations, piping specifications, corrosion material selections, air pump vendor interfacing and line summary tables.

Amgen, Thousand Oaks, CA (1997-2004)
Contracting Engineer
Employed as a manufacturing contractor in the Powder Fill Division. Filled capsules with pharmaceutical powders for clinical testing, solved production problems, and received certification in seven Amgen hazard procedures.
Designed piping tie-ins for a reverse osmosis treatment plant that provided water to a steam plant at Equilon Refinery in Long Beach. Prepared engineering estimates and received construction quotes from piping/mechanical contractors.
Improved the safety of the acid heating process for “Refracil,” a refractory silica cloth used for heat shields. Purchased and installed steam control valves that fed heat exchangers inside hot HCL acid tanks. This system included Allen-Bradley PLCs and five display screens. Work was finished on budget and on schedule. Received an “Award for Engineering Excellence” from the client, SGL Carbon Hitco.

ICF Kaiser Inc. for Engineering Management Consultant, Los Angeles, CA (1993-1997)
Principal Project Engineer
Consulted with the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) in HVAC, waste water treatment and mechanical engineering for the Los Angeles Red Line Stations. Installed a gravity oil separator for the MTA Union Station that met National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permit Limits.
Managed a modular water processor with an activated resin core to remove arsenic from the MTA station wastewater sumps.
Recommended revisions to MTA noise specifications so that client would not lose its night construction permit due to public complaints.
Solved HVAC performance, testing and maintenance problems within the station equipment rooms.
Received an MTA award for “Outstanding Effort Exhibited during a Simulated Station Fire Test.”
Coordinated design of a fire sprinkler system for two Red Line Stations, to be safely installed during busy commuter hours. Introduced effective weekly project team review meetings to keep project on schedule and meet strict MTA obligations.

Parsons Corporation at the Mobil and Shell Refineries, Torrance and Carson, CA (1983-1993)
Senior Project Engineer
Assigned to work directly as a Mobil Oil Project Engineer for the procurement of equipment, contractor bid evaluation and construction management for the Wastewater Improvement Project.
Designed piping and instrument diagrams for the groundwater cleanup project for the Shell refinery in Carson, CA and solved start-up problems.
Chaired meetings with Shell engineers about piping tie-ins for installing steam-plant environmental reactors that transformed NOX to nitrogen gas and water.
When a tank contractor was dismissed from the Mobil refinery for safety violations, I wrote bid documents to hire a replacement contractor who would approve tank drawings, inventory all tank materials that were being pilfered from the storage yards and successfully complete the construction.
Installed three 2000 gpm wastewater pumps in a five-day window. Work involved electrical, instrument and piping installations. Reinforced the underground vault and epoxy-coated columns for corrosion resistance.
Managed process design, piping and instrument diagrams, pump sizing, equipment layout, field piping modifications and plant operations planning.

Fluor Daniel Engineers and Constructors, Irvine, CA (1981-1983)
Project Engineer
Project engineer in charge of noise abatement work of four subcontractors (Dravo, Badger, C.F. Braun and Fluor) for the Saudi-Pectin Refinery Project.
Directed scope changes for Fluor Daniel, the managing contractor for this billion-dollar project.
Contact this candidate