Erikka Bolding
Account & Project Management Professional

Atlanta, GA 30314
ad8q28@r.postjobfree.com
+1-470-***-****

Summary
I am a skilled Business and Project Manager with extensive experience in Sales, Account, and Project Management. Holding PMP certifications from Google, Cybrary, and Coursera, with PMI affiliation. My areas of expertise include management of the full sales cycle, KPIs, and one-call close. My brand is committed to delivering the highest quality service in account retention and scaling, and I am driven by a passion for helping others. I strive to guide stakeholders toward achieving their business goals and take great pride in successfully directing accounts to exceed their previous levels.

Work Experience
Agency Account Manager
Accenture-Pinterest - Atlanta, GA
May 2023 to Present
●KPI management to meet/exceed client and company goals. Notable Success: (1) March 2024 303% KPI, (2) December 2023 AM Rank: 1
●Utilize analytics via Sales Admin, Salesforce, Gong, CRM, and a host of other data-driven platforms to analyze performance, present reports, and coordinate the next best steps
●Offer business development strategies, creative best practices feedback, and manage campaign schedules and opportunity communications
●Research, contact, pitch, present, and apply strategic management skills to grow book BoB
●Cross-matrix collaboration and develop peer training/coaching to assist trending needs.

Account Manager
Toyota Motor North America, Inc - Alpharetta, GA
June 2022 to May 2023
●Directed interface with 500+ monthly Toyota/Mazda Financial Services account owners by responding to incoming phone calls, letters, e-mails, and/or chats regarding inquiries and complaints. Notable Success: Promotion to Lexus Lease-End Experience January 2023
●Responded to incoming communication, investigated and resolved various questions and concerns that are dealer, sales, service, and/or product-related
●Liaisoned with other SMEs to execute one-call resolution and/or appropriate follow-up actions required
●Created “Tiny Teach” presentations across the top 7 quality audit risk areas. Positively influenced the company's overall monthly averages, compliance with regulatory bodies, customer satisfaction, and staff retention.

Brand/Product Manager
Better Care Blends - Atlanta, GA
August 2021 to Present
●Ownership of branding, product creation, launch, and land aspect of SOW for the Brand’s logo, e-commerce website, and social media platform. Notable Success: Full Retail Website Creation and Development
●Facilitate successful actions and provide the resources required to meet desired project outcomes.
●Communicate recommended actions, regarding quality, and risk elements.

Operations/Program Manager
Evo Group Holdings - P.U.S.H - Atlanta, GA
October 2020 to November 2021
●Led grant writing application selection, coordination, review, and submission cycle Notable Success: Business Development for SMB / Family Trust entity
●Monitored matrix management environment, with oversight of division-level managers for non-profit operations, sales, human resources, safety, and compliance.
●Established and maintained positive relationships, and delivered effective communication among contractors, stakeholders, and organization leadership, producing projectors
●Provided Scrum/Agile PM operation management leading to successful projects in building, fundraising, and community outreach impact.

Assistant Director/Program Manager
P.U.S.H Ministry - Atlanta, GA
October 2020 to November 2021
●Foodbank expansion program design and launch. Notable Success: Acquired > $400,000 in grant writing rewards for P.U.S.H Ministry's under-served community home rehabilitation program.
●Directed affiliate, staff, and volunteer coordination for the foodbank expansion program.
●Coordinated over one thousand (1,000) Fulton County food bank sign-ups and 4 distribution events.

Account Manager
Zephyr Communications - New York, NY
January 2016 to June 2019
●Front-lined Administrative Account Manager operations for project teams, provided centralized documentation management and AP/AR functions Notable Success: 98% success rate in milestone goals, promotion to Account Manager in January 2017
●Created user stories from client feedback and worked with the product development team to introduce new services and execute campaign goals.
●Rendered resolution coordination where needed to maintain and enhance stakeholder satisfaction.

Product/Artist Management
E.Rose Musik Publishing - New York, NY
October 2009 to June 2016
●Served as primary contact for relationship management, event marketing, and promotions.
●Coordinated artists, photographers, videographers, musicians, officiants, and other participating suppliers.
●Supervised event rehearsals, live events, pre-ceremony, ceremony, and reception events.
●Authored fresh and engaging social media content, press releases, and videos.

Assistant Director
Bellevue Hospital Center - New York, NY
June 2002 to January 2009
●Notable Success: Fiscal/project management 114M+ dollar “Special Projects” budget for the Ambulatory care building.
●Maintained integrity of physical records and digital files to maintain current, accurate, and quality standard compliance.
●Collaborated in Quality Management and Risk Management departmental meetings to identify, analyze, treat, monitor, and control required improvement measures.
●Reach benchmark audit standards of compliance performance results for (3) Joint Commission “A+” accreditation surveys.

Education
Bachelor of Engineering in Engineering Technology
DeVry University - Atlanta, GA
Present

Certifications / Licenses
●Project Management Professional (PMP)
●Coursera/Google - Project Management Professional
●OSHA 10 /OSHA 30
●Project Management Professional (PMP)
●Brain Sensei- Project Management Professional
●Cybrary - Project Management Professional
Contact this candidate