JUDITH CAMPA
Project Manager
Miami, Florida, United States
+1-305-***-****
ad8qxc@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Construction professional with over 15 years of experience in the industry. Both pre-construction and vertical phases of projects. Works well in a fast paced environment demanding strong organizational, management and interpersonal skills. Ability to handle a wide range of tasks simultaneously, detail oriented and resourceful. WORK EXPERIENCE
October 2021-July 2024
Project Manager
SAFEbuilt
Miami, Florida, United States
Successfully managed multiple projects simultaneously by prioritizing tasks according to urgency, resource availability, and alignment with organizational goals. Planned, and scheduled phases for large projects. Met project deadlines without sacrificing build quality or workplace safety. Established effective communication among team members for enhanced collaboration and successful project completion. Developed comprehensive project plans with clear timelines, milestones, and budget requirements, ensuring timely delivery of high-quality results. Prepared detailed reports on project status for stakeholders, ensuring transparency and alignment with objectives. May 2017-February 2020
Senior Construction Manager
Metronomic
Miami, Florida, United States
Managed multimillion-dollar budgets, ensuring cost-effective allocation of resources while maintaining quality standards. Led cross-functional teams to ensure successful completion of complex Construction projects on-time and within budget. Increased profitability by identifying areas for cost reduction without compromising on quality or safety standards. Delivered successful presentations to clients and stakeholders, effectively communicating project progress and addressing concerns. Improved project efficiency by streamlining communication between team members and implementing effective management strategies. Acquired notices of completion and compliance certifications from vendors and consultants. Identified and resolved construction issues promptly to prevent delays. Kept sites compliant with OSHA, state, and local regulations to prevent unnecessary risks. Monitored subcontractor operations and applied effective time, resource, and money management strategies to delivery under-budget project completion. Developed and implemented risk mitigation plan to reduce potential project delays and costs. Tracked project costs and other financial metrics to maximize profitability.
June 1996-June 2015
Vice President
Campa & Associates
Miami, Florida, United States
Cultivated strong relationships with key stakeholders, including customers, vendors, regulators, and community leaders to promote collaboration and long-term success. Led cross-functional teams for the successful completion of major projects, resulting in increased efficiency and client satisfaction. Demonstrated proficient leadership skills to motivate employees and build competent teams. Collaborated with senior management to develop strategic initiatives and long term goals. Negotiated high-value contracts that maximized profitability while mitigating risks for the organization. Developed new revenue streams by identifying growth opportunities and forging strategic partnerships with key industry players. Implemented advanced data analytics tools to drive data-driven decision-making across all levels of the organization, leading to better business outcomes. Directed marketing strategies to increase brand awareness, generate leads, and grow market share within highly competitive industries. Employed optimal safety practices to reduce worksite complaints and hazards.
EDUCATION
1990
Bachelors In Business Administration
Dade College
Miami, Florida, United States
SKILLS
Budgeting, Communication Skills, Project Planning, Construction Management, Cost Control, OSHA, Risk Management, Safety Standards, Lead Generation, Strategic Planning, Business Administration, Conflict Resolution, Detail Oriented, Expense Reports, Forecasting, Interpersonal Skills, Project Management, Multitasking, Calendar Management, Project Development, Status Reports, Problem Solving Skills, Presentation/ Verbal Skills, State Laws and Regulations, Project Tracking, Team Building. LANGUAGES
English and Spanish
Contact this candidate