Owen David O’Hare Sr.
SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER
Birmingham, AL 35242 E-mail: ad8ryp@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 205-***-****
Results-driven, experienced professional with progressive years of experience in championing technical projects with the utmost consistency. Endowed with technical knowledge in design and construction, project management, and client service excellence.
Leverages a proven background in driving design and construction projects towards timely and quality completion while enforcing discipline and skills, superb integrity and accountability, exemplary leadership capacity, enthusiasm, and goal-driven competence.
Offers strong apprehension in maneuvering projects for the oil and gas industry and across the Middle East market and dexterous in administering strategic pipeline projects, project quality controls, vigorous assessments, technical support, and thorough follow-through.
Team-player who can collaborate with renowned clients, intercultural consultants, and dynamic contractors utilizing excellent communication skills to discuss, delegate, and fulfill project scope, plan tactical project concepts, and meet demands concomitantly.
Core Competencies
Technical Project Management Project Planning & Maintenance Project Lifecycle Business Development Pipeline Integrity Field Operations Scheduling & Forecasting Pricing & Cost Estimates Finance & Budget Development Project Testing & Repairs Corrosion Control Quality Assurance & Verification Quality Control Risk Management Progress Reports & Project Documentation Process Improvement Industry Standards & Policy Compliance Vendors & Contractors Networking Mentoring & Supervision Partnership & Team Building Written/Verbal Communication Skills Stellar Interpersonal Skills Agile Problem Solving Skills Strong Organizational Skills Writing & Design Skills Adaptability & Flexibility Ability to Multi-Task
Professional Experience
Senior Project Manager - Pipelines, Jacobs Engineering Company, Al Khobar, SA Sept 2016 - Feb 2022
Governed the GES-plus pipelines in the offices across Saudi Arabia while assuring continuous compliance with the operations and end-user requirements and managing the technical submissions, commercial proposals, and follow-ups with the dynamic clients.
Strategically report to the executive leader of operations while working for technical proposals, including the Upgrade Crude Oil Delivery System at East-West Pipeline Project for Saudi Aramco Oil company, to contribute to the continuity of operational effectiveness.
Function actively to the Sadara Polyethylene Train 1, 2, and 4 projects in Jubail and establish assessments and reports concerning the project plan and procurement and project delivery strategy to guarantee the timeliness and overall serviceability.
Render assistance in engaging with the project and construction managers to coordinate the field QA, QC, and inspection resources.
Lead Pipeline Engineer, Qatar Petroleum Company (QP), Doha, QA May 2012 - Jul 2015
Steered the pipelines, terminals, tankage, and associated facilities within Doha while employing attention to detail to a multitude of tasks.
Submitted reports directly to the technical directorate to deliver information with regard to $2.1B+ EPIC for the Strategic Gas Transmission Pipeline Project (SGTP) transporting the sales gas at Laffan Industrial City (RLIC) to Mesaieed Industrial City (MIC).
Dexterously effectuated leadership and management for FEED and EPIC design, procurement, construction, and hand-over while complying with operational and end-user requirements, budget, program, and executing change management control.

Owen David O’Hare Sr. ad8ryp@r.postjobfree.com 205-***-**** Page 1 of 3

Performed rigorous value engineering, constructability analysis, and proponent assessment while maximizing the usage of Earned Value Management tools and embedding knowledge of the commercial, contract, and financial project drivers to amplify overall integrity.
Orchestrated QP response to $200MM+ contractor claims submission and coordinated the QP claims negotiation and settlement team.
Senior Project Manager, De Leeuw (ME) QS & PM Company, Dubai, UAE Jul 2011 - Apr 2012
Skillfully navigated multi-million and high-rise residential, commercial, and mixed-use projects, diversified staff, and day-to-day operations.
Implemented and retained the project management division for De Leeuw M.E. Projects, including the G-Tower – City of Arabia, G-Office – City of Arabia, Stresa Plaza Tower – Business Bay, Duja Tower - Sheikh Zayed Rd., and Grand Hyatt Dubai renovation.
Supervised approximately 20 direct and eight indirect staff to boost high productivity and ensure project fulfillment within timeframes.
Showcased expertise in superintending a variety of renowned projects per set regulations and specifications to ascertain integrity.
Project Manager, Nakheel, Dubai, UAE Apr 2007 - Jan 2011
Undertook an essential role in championing renowned projects for Jumeirah while demonstrating exemplary project management aptitude.
Accounted for the robust fulfillment of a project for Jumeirah Lake Towers (JLT) valued at $250MM+ with a total of 78 towers.
Regulated the entire project master planning, design development, tender, and project management for 26 car park clusters and infrastructure, including the lakes, directional drilling, pipelines, and landscape works for the 185-hectare site on Sheik Zayed Road.
Received commendations for the entire planning and design conceptualization of $300MM+ worth of project for Jumeriah Village consisting of 2.1K+ luxury villas and 45 mid-rise and 3.5K+ apartments across the 350-hectare site. Played an integral role in adroitly deciding and monitoring the design, tender, and selection of the design and supply consultants.

Early Work Experience
Senior Project Engineer, Saudi Arabian Oil Company (Saudi Aramco), Buenos Aires, AR & Dhahran, SA
Streamlined the design review and approval, mapped out construction packages, and structured task forces to maneuver the delayed detail design efforts of TENCO in Argentina, commanded the completion of a $735M pipeline and plant system and accomplished in-kingdom duties.
Senior Project Engineer, Saudi Arabian Oil Company (Saudi Aramco), Los Angeles, CA & Dhahran, SA
Captained the FEED at Parsons USA offices while heading the project design team and consultant activities and reporting the out-of-kingdom design phase, returned in-kingdom to head-up after the $370M project while overseeing the construction phase for the crude oil pipeline. Project Engineer, Saudi Arabian Oil Company (Saudi Aramco), Dhahran, SA Served under the Saudi Aramco Cross-Country Pipeline Projects division while reviewing project briefs, organizing FEED, contracts, and reports, creating plans and strategies, handling detail design consultants, conducting evaluations, and chairing the projects from the ground up.
Project Manager, Lockwood Greene Managers/Architects/Engineers, Atlanta, GA
Led the design team for industrial, manufacturing, and transportation projects and spearheaded the tender packages, documents, expansions, and upgrades while exhibiting risk and cost controls, change management, field and vendor liaison for diverse and demanding USA clients.

Owen David O’Hare Sr. ad8ryp@r.postjobfree.com 205-***-**** Page 2 of 3

Pipeline Consultant, Resource Science Arabia Ltd. & Homes and Narver Inc., Dhahran, SA
Consulted for the west crude oil cross-country pipelines and fulfilled project schedule milestones, carried out field engineering, design changes, and site-specific designs and administering construction contracts, correspondences, QA/QC reports, troubleshoots, and technical guidance.
Technical Consultant/Lead Engineer, Gulf Interstate Engineering Co., Houston, Tx, & Anchorage, Alaska
Selected to labor as a consultant for the detail design team and follow-up in-kingdom management of the CMT for the installation of a gas gathering pipeline system while functioning as a member of the feasibility study design of the Northwest Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline System.
Field Pipeline Engineer/Resident Engineer, Colonial Pipeline Company, Atlanta, GA
Worked as a key engineer for the construction of fuel gas across Atlanta to Atlanta-Hartsville International Airport while liaising with the inspectors, survey parties, radiography crews, and right-of-way agents to relay the construction and start-up of the product pipelines.
Education
Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA), Qatar Petroleum Company, Doha, QA
Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering, Auburn University, Auburn, AL
Certifications & License
USA Professional Engineer (non-active) - Alabama, Georgia, Florida, Michigan, Washington, & Virginia
Professional Affiliations - American Society of Professional Engineers (ASPE), American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), National Council of Engineering Examiners (NCEE), Project Management Institute (PMI), Commercial Arbitration
Technical Skills
Project Management Software, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook

Owen David O’Hare Sr. ad8ryp@r.postjobfree.com 205-***-**** Page 3 of 3
Contact this candidate