LONNIE D. SPENCER
BS, MBA, MS, TPM (BICSI)

E-mail: ad8rlq@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: lonnie.spencersr Cellular: 727-***-**** Personal

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Leveraging twenty-five plus years of senior-level leadership and outstanding record of accomplishment for providing project, program, Disaster Recovery, Contingency Planning, Risk Management, Business Continuity Planning, Data Center Engineering, and Migration experience.
Agile environment experiences over 5 years working in DevOps projects:
oTech Data: applications development and UX/UI refresh and optimization, such as bug fixes, API development, etc.
oGDIT: application integration and upgrade software
Network/Hardware, experience supporting .net environments, cloud)
oNetwork node expansions, Data Center refresh and design, data migration, and classified network extension to provide network video monitoring installation and capability.
Product Development:
oproduct scoping, requirements gathering, and the defining of deliverables
oSchedule and roadmap development.
Providing Senior level project management leadership in medium to large scale comprehensive IT projects, networks, and infrastructures from conception, planning, development, implementation, and upgrades.
Senior leader versed in managing and coordinating, diverse technical teams resulting in service delivery on schedule and budget.

TEK Systems
Senior IT Project Manager (Network/Engineering) August 2022 – Present
Client: Leidos -Secure Enterprise Network Systems, Services and Support Program Homeland Enterprise Information Technology Secure Services and Support (HEITS) in support of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Direct project management support for IT projects and technical activities across multiple domains in support of a large scale, multi-million dollar DHS (Department of Homeland Security) program which directly impacts daily activities and functions of DHS components, such as the US Secret Service, US Customs and Border Patrol, Transportation Security Agency, FEMA, and other DHS components.
Responsible for the coordination, planning, and drafting of change requests for the SENS3 engineering team (30 plus engineers), this includes the scheduling and coordination with Change Management and integrated schedule development and management of an average of 20 plus projects to scale daily.
GDIT
Senior IT Project Manager (PMO)
Client: BICES Program Nov 2020 – May 2022
Plan and manage various customer-facing IT Projects.
Work closely with the Program's Project Portfolio Manager and government client to develop project estimates (schedules, cost estimates, materials, services, etc.) to meet the client's requirements.
Client-facing and required to deliver projects on time and within budget. Projects will vary in scope and size depending on the nature of the requirement.
A range of projects may be assigned at a time which may include coordination with various engineering teams, vendors, and other non-GDIT contract personnel.

Tuknik Government Services
Technology Program Manager (PMO)
Client: Joint Artificial Intelligence Center Apr 2020
Provided direct support for the development of an enhanced artificial intelligence capability to the Marine Corps Warfighting Lab and the Army War College. This capability would allow for the addition of autonomy to numerous mission-essential areas:
oTargeted quick-strike capabilities precision fire missions, information, and electronic warfare, ISR capabilities, and protected mobility.
oA cybersecurity capability that provides an aggressive versus passive threat vulnerability assessment behind the network firewall.
Plan and manage the implementation of projects or program components, and ensure high-quality delivery within scope, budget, and schedule without losing sight of the project's business goals.
Ensure identification and full integration of all workstreams and dependencies, which may be performed by globally dispersed team members, and which encompass technical, business process, and organizational change readiness work.
Communicate timely project information, issues, risks, or status to the various stakeholders through appropriate methods and channels.
Budget: per (Projects)
$2,257m
$2,14m
$1,387k
$852k

Insight Global, LLC
Senior Global IT Project Manager and Business Analyst (remote)
Client: CKA (Defense Travel Management Office) Dec 2019
Liaison for the Task Order Manager
Managing SDLC for emerging Applications and Web Development projects
EAC and contract expenditure tracking
Manage and development of operational policies, procedures, processes, and work instructions.
Oversee the adherence to Risk Management Framework, DOD information assurance, and IT security policies and compliance
Budget per (Project)
$7.4m
Senior IT Project Manager
Clients: PwC (Price Waterhouse Cooper) Nov 2017 to Nov 2019
Project Planning and implementation of Agile and waterfall methodologies and the implementation of high-level design concepts with global scrum teams.
Also ensuring on-time delivery of products in iterative blocks during product delivery, change management, and production releases.
Plan and manage the implementation of projects or program components, and ensure high-quality delivery within scope, budget, and schedule without losing sight of the project's business goals.
Ensure identification and full integration of all workstreams and dependencies, which may be performed by globally dispersed team members, and which encompass technical, business process, and organizational change readiness work.
Communicate timely project information, issues, risks, or status to the various stakeholders through appropriate methods and channels.
Global Active Directory Migration for 20 territories for over approximately 20,000 users.
Budget per (Project)
$14.2m

Project Administrator/Project Manager
Advanced C4 Solutions, Tampa, FL June 2014 to Nov 2017
The Yemen project was compromised of six IDIQ task orders totaling 32 million dollars. As Onsite Project Manager I was responsible for overall project planning and scheduling, resource allocation, project accounting, and control while providing technical direction and ensuring compliance with quality standards. Project manager responsibilities span a broad spectrum, covering all the areas of project management like - Project Planning, Cost Management, Time Management, Quality Management, Contract Administration, moreover, Safety Management.
Developed and maintained Metrics for Daily Project scheduled work activities with DoS Program Director
Interface management with fire suppression systems, Department of State (OBO codes directives) scope
Co-ordinate all project work packages (Telecom) with responsible sub-contractors
oTo include work estimates Vs cost estimates
oBudgeted for BOMs and logistics (cost variances for the shipping and moving of equipment in and out of the country)
Communication plans would be developed throughout the year for each project during the planning phase
Monitor progress against the project schedule and budget, identifying and mitigating diverse trends through effective corrective management actions
Setting budgets and agreeing on project time scales and deadlines with clients.
Managed vendors to ensure that all milestones are achieved within the agreed timeframes.
Ensuring effective quality control processes are in place to monitor deliverables produced.
Responsible for identifying, analyzing, measuring, and managing project risks.
Ensuring that projects conform to BICSI/PMI methodology and required standards.
Conducting regular impact analysis to assess the consequences of the project deliverables on other sections of the business.
Keeping accurate administrative records of expenditure, accounting, cost, and billing.
Assisting the technical team in their design and development tasks.
Producing project definitions to include validated functional requirements, scope, roles, responsibilities, budgets, timescales, and resources.

Senior Project Manager
L3 Communications STRATIS, Tampa, FL March 2011 to January 2014
Project Management and oversight for the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) for the Southeast Regional Service Center allowing for the immediate recovery of a key contingency operations planning facility while onsite to perform direct impact analysis due to loss of critical telecommunications and network capabilities.
Upgraded the current server farm running Exchange Server 2003 Enterprise on top of Windows Server 2003 R2 platform to Exchange 2010 on a Windows Server 2008 R2 platform. Both the application and server were at the end of standard support and entering extended support.
Migrated to a new server with virtualization capability instead of an in-place upgrade, which negated the need for a swing server which reduced the overall project cost.
Developed cost estimates based on ROMs for Data Center design and equipment (cabling, appliances, CRAC units, power back-ups (UPS), fire suppression and detection systems, etc.…)
oLevel of effort (labor)
oTime and equipment
oCost estimated time to completion forecasted cost at completion versus budget
This virtual server platform would become the basis for other server migrations for future expansions and upgrades.
Organizes plans and monitors multiple activities spanning end-to-end project delivery, people, and resource management.
Establishes a customer-focused team environment
Created a collaborative input to departmental, business unit, and enterprise direction and strategy
Maintains detailed project records and communication artifacts
Identifies and focuses project teams to achieve or exceed realistic milestones and objectives
Responsible for people management, including goal setting and providing performance feedback
Working with Project Management Applications (MS Project ®, MS Excel ®…etc.)

Responsible for IT project planning, executing, and documenting projects (Charter, Scope, Plan, etc), operational and strategic assessments, risk assessments, white papers, service delivery, and service support strategy at both the organization level and DIA-wide enterprise level in an Agile process which included the constant revisions and updates to both the schedule and master project plan.
Wrote detailed Project Plans and schedules to reflect the project scope for all IT Infrastructure Projects to include Risk Analysis and contingency plans and user acceptance testing (UAT) testing.
Managed up to 30 senior-level systems engineers, architects, Systems administrators, and infrastructure installation support team members during the migration implementation of the databases from SQL and Microsoft exchange physical servers, and NetApp storage appliances to a virtual server and platform environment to include the reduction and elimination of physical desktop computers migrating to VDI platforms.
Further conducted a detailed analysis by providing on-site surveys, configuration, engineering, installation planning, and update project documentation for ongoing critical operating systems and environments for the DIA community.

Project Manager Data Center Infrastructure Architect and Engineer
Pacific Modernization Project (Defense Intelligence Agency) by providing data analysis and research for new facility designs, while determining the appropriate facility space requirements, HVAC, and power requirements. The technologies and construction methods of data center equipment and facilities were crucial due to a federal congressional mandate to reduce the current Department of Defense data center footprint while providing increased building efficiency allowing a reduction in the overall cost of energy. This required all the implementation, monitoring, and controlling of the project build-out to ensure that the project was completed due to a critical timeline that didn’t allow for flexibility on the project closeout date.
Provided and defined the data center system-level architectures, specifying performance requirements, and creating accurate conceptual design and program requirements documentation.
Produced project analyses that are ensuring designs satisfied requirements, including predicted performance and power redundancy concerns.
Worked closely with platform hardware designers and engineers to optimize the interfaces between the IT equipment and the facility. Define/create the interface infrastructure between the facility and the IT equipment to optimize utilization and minimize the total cost of ownership.
Travel to data center sites for engineering evaluations, electrical systems audits, startup testing, and full commissioning, as required. Desktop, Workstation, and enterprise infrastructure Project Manager
Provided key project management oversight of DIA’s Disaster Recovery Contingency Operation Planning and Execution program.

Senior IT Project Manager/Data Center Systems Engineering
General Dynamics IT, Tampa, FL January 2010 to March 2011
Responsible for IT project planning, executing, and documenting projects (Charter, Scope, Plan, etc.), operational and strategic assessments, risk assessments, white papers, service delivery, and service support strategy at both the organizational level and DIA-wide enterprise level. Conducted site surveys, configuration, engineering, installation planning, and documentation services on operating systems and environments supported by DIA IT services to support the migration of existing services to new IT appliances such as physical servers to virtual servers, database back-ups, and storage capacity upgrades.
Wrote the detailed planning and risk analysis for the recovery efforts of the IT assets and services at one of the strategic fallback recovery locations which had been offline for 30 days to intense storms and flooding on the main Data Center floor at its location. Briefed upper-level management and team members on the plan that would be executed during the transporting of all equipment to its primary location and the phased implementation of each step in the project that would occur.
Insured the testing and validation during the implementation of all services of each phase according to the detailing planning that was to be implemented.
This provided the Senior Leadership within the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) community increase strategic options during a potential crisis after all services at the site be restored.

Project Manager Principal Acquisition Specialist
Gemini Industries, Tampa, FL May 2009 to October 2009
Responsible for the coordination and reporting of all acquisition activities for the project to provide equipment to the warfighters under United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) providing direct support to Special Operations Command Central (SOCCENT) for its Field Service Support and Operators.

Project Manager on Special Assignment
Marine Corps System Command Feb 2003 to April 2004
Assigned to CIO to assist in the development of the Navy and Marine Corps network (NMCI).
Also assisted in the development in the development of the logistics assets portal for the logging and tracking equipment.
Marine Combat Development Command
Assigned as the project manager for the site survey, fielding and furnishing of the centers' facility, and physical security accreditation.

Program Manager
Solectron Corporation, Milpitas, CA 6/2000 – 2003(military leave of absence)
Responsible for the service delivery for the most extensive account (20m annual) in the Services Repair Division (Multi-million dollar monthly revenue) IDL&DL and materials requirement to manage and support P&L targets, for Direct Fulfillment, Process Reverse Engineering, Manufacturing, and logistic operations, to ensure program profitability through efficient pricing, procurement, and staff utilization. Responsibilities included managing two major accounts in the division. Responsible for approximately 100 direct reports and indirect supports including engineers, technicians, and supervisors.

Operations Manager
Alpha Metals Inc., Santa Clara, CA 1999–2000
I was responsible for the coordination and supervision of over forty employees. Perform hiring, training, scheduling, performance evaluations, promotions, and terminations. I ensured the cohesiveness and motivation of employees through positive reinforcement and ongoing staff diversity exposure by utilizing focused teams and the principles of participative management and total quality management. Performed departmental forecasting and developed goals for production, customer service, and quality control. Developed and monitored production standards to ensure the attainment of department objectives. I served as a liaison with other business units and corporate divisions. Led management meetings to reinforce goals, draft procedures, and troubleshoot operations. I aided in the implementation of an ISO9000 operational system while writing all business processes and policies to achieve the ISO 9000 certification criteria.
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXPERIENCE
1987 to January 29, 2009 (retired) Marine Forces Central Command
Force Training and Military Training Teams Chief Mac Dill AFB, FL
(Last assignment)
Responsible for the coordination and reporting of all operational activities for Military Training Teams and Embedded Training Teams in Iraq and Afghanistan
Responsible for the direct coordination and overseeing of video teleconferencing of deployed Marine Corps elements and SharePoint Web portal content administrator
In charge of Data Center and IT Consolidation efforts
Responsible for validating all pre-deployment training requirements for Marine Corps service components
Provide direct coordination between US Central Command and Marine Corps service elements by providing oversight and guidance passed down by higher headquarters element

SECURITY CLEARANCE
Level: Top Secret - SCI
Investigation Completed Date: June 2017
EDUCATION
Trident International University, Aug 2016- April 2018 (completed degree requirements)
Master of Science in Homeland Security – Cyber Security
Summa Cum Laude 3.967 GPA

Data Center University (Continuing Education), Dec 2011

Villanova University, Jan 2007
Project Management Professional

The University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ, June 2001
M.B.A., Managerial Finance, GPA: 3.8

The University of Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ, Feb 1999
B.S., Business Information Systems, GPA: 3.6

Silicon Valley College, Fremont, CA, June 1994
Diploma, Electromechanical Design, and Residential Architecture Design Drafting
GPA: 3.3
CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management Professional (PMP), PMI, Feb 2014
Security+, CompTIA, July 2013
Registered Telecommunications Project Manager, BICSI, Jan 2011
Telecommunications Project Management, BICSI, Dec 2010
Project Management Level 1, Defense Acquisition University, June 2009
Master’s Certification in IS/IT Project Management, Villanova University, Jan 2008
Mastering Project Management, Villanova University, Nov 2007
Project Management for IS/IT Professionals, Villanova University, Sept 2007
Contact this candidate