CHRIS HUXFORD
ad8rek@r.postjobfree.com • 425-***-**** • Hayden, Idaho 83835
PROFRESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well-qualified Superintendent, Project Manager and Production Manager in the custom home and remodel industries. Professional knowledge in allocating resources, optimizing production and increasing output in a hands-on approach. I have a strong balance of understanding the customer experience, making the company profitable and the importance of a strong relationship with all subs and suppliers. I am extremely organized and very proficient in planning and implementing scheduling strategies. I am also very proactive and resourceful dealing with routine and complex issues associated with any construction project.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Axiom Homes, Coeur D’Alene, Idaho
9/2020-8/2024
Superintendent
Managed multiple projects at one time from start to finish.
Set-up all subcontractors and suppliers needed to complete each individual project.
Ability to bid any or all aspects of a custom home.
Managed supply budgets with the goal of meeting or surpassing projected profits.
Created and priced change orders when necessary for scope change or unforeseen conditions.
Quality control for not only myself but all crew and trades on each project.
Setting and adjusting each project schedule as well as all crew and subcontractors as needed.
Held weekly job meetings with customers to go over progress and discuss up and coming tasks.
Managed one year warranty follow ups.

Westhill, Inc., Woodinville, Washington
3/2012-4/2020
Production Manager
Scheduled and coordinated all projects creating and managing a company master schedule.
Oversaw all individual projects as well as all field crew. Responsibilities included individual project schedules, project scope control, budget oversight, and weekly planning with each project lead.
Crew development to include hiring, training, reviews, promotions, and individual development of all field personnel.
Created and maintained systems for efficiency, quality control and continued customer satisfaction.
Coordination with the sales team on a regular basis to ensure quality control.
Sub-contractor/ supplier acquisition, development, management and continued quality control.
Company executive team member with the responsibilities of planning the direction of the company including budget forecasting, personnel development, yearly company goals and events.
Responsible for leading company to highest profit margins.

Westhill, Inc., Woodinville, Washington

03/23/2003-3/2012
Project Manager
Managed multiple projects at one time from start to finish.
Set-up all sub-contractors and suppliers needed to complete individual project.
Managed supplied budgets with the goal of meeting or surpassing projected project profits.
Created and priced change orders when necessary for scope change or unforeseen conditions.
Quality control for not only myself but all crew and trades on each project as well.
Setting and adjusting each project schedule as well as all crew and subcontractors as needed.
Held weekly job meetings with the customer to go over progress and discuss upcoming events.

Wickline Construction, Lake Stevens, Washington 3/2006-3/2008
Project Manager/Project Estimator
Worked on pricing for labor and materials on projects for sales.
Managed multiple projects at one time from beginning to end.
Set up all sub-contractors and suppliers needed to complete all projects.
Managed project budgets as set in estimating.
Responsible for setting and managing overall job schedule including crew schedules.
Quality control for all projects
Sub-contractor acquisition, development, and continued quality control.

Allstate Builders, Mukilteo, Washington
3/2001-3/2003

Owner, Operator
I was the owner of a sole proprietor company that did various projects including decks, re-roofs, siding, interior trim, window replacements, etc. I was responsible for all aspects of the company including marketing, estimating, sales, construction, any warranty items as well as the overall customer experience.
EDUCATION

High School Diploma
06/1991

oBothell High School
Shoreline Community College
1992

SKILLS

Project planning and development
Timeline management
Contract review and recommendations
Multi-site operations
Advanced problem solving
Procedure development
Construction management
Builder Trend software
Blueprints and schematics
Team management
Production optimization
Training skills
Operations management
Project management
Contact this candidate