ROLES
Connected Services Software Integration Engineer - Senior
Purchasing Liaison/ Manager
Proposal Manager
Project Manager
Data Manager
Human Resources
Business Analyst
Subject Matter Expert
Body Systems Audit Coordinator
Quality Assurance Specialist
Quality Assurance Manager
Systems Engineer
Programmer/Analyst
Unix Support Specialist
POS Support Specialist
Field Software Engineer
Independent Consultant
Educator/Job Coach/Corporate Trainer

INFRASTRUCTURE EXPERIENCE
Developed satellite installation protocol for retail pharmacy application, included all documentation and training.
Project Manager for JES2 upgrade
Project Manager for MVS upgrade
Project Manager for Y2K initiatives
Developed & Implemented Disaster Recovery Plan for Cadillac Motor Car Division
Authored specification package for DCX corporate quality system

TOOLS/METHODS
PMBOK body of knowledge
FMEA (Failure Modes Effect Analysis)
SPC (Statistical Process Control)
CMM/CMMi (Capability Maturity Model)
INDUSTRY APPLICATION
Automotive
Information Technology
Retail
Health Insurance

EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration in Finance: Wayne State University, 1997
Bachelor of Arts in Management Information Systems: Walsh College, 1987
Associate of Arts in Business Administration: Macomb Community College, 1984

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Senior Project Manager, Business Analyst and Quality Assurance Manager recognized for superior innovation and problem solving skills across multiple industries. Dedicated to driving organizational growth through the implementation of improved technical and operational procedures. A leader through strategic methodologies that include a practical hands-on approach and achievements that consistently exceed objectives by delivering cost effective solutions and adding significant value to businesses, both financially and operationally. A seasoned company representative/interface with vendors and suppliers, who possesses extensive on-the-job experience in the manufacturing and engineering side of a manufacturing enterprise.

SKILLS INVENTORY
Project Management
PMO creation and management
SDLC – Application Development & Deployment
PMBOK body of knowledge
Project Planning including estimations, scope development
Scope, Schedule, Change, Risk and Integration Management
Team Management
Internal and client communications and presentations

Analysis/Design
Business Case Analysis
Root Cause Analysis
IT Liaison to User Community
Resource Loading and Leveling
Business Requirements Gathering
Business Requirements Documentation (BRD)
Software Requirements Specification (SRS)
Joint Application Design (JAD)

Quality Assurance
Test Case/Plan Design
IT Testing Functions
Incident, Problem & Defect Management
Suppler/Vendor Quality/Management
Business Continuity
Automotive manufacturing QA
Used Cp & Cpk to evaluate most critical issues
FMEA, DFMEA, PFMEA
Capability Maturity Model (Level III)
Knowledge of drawing and schematic interpretation, product models, geometric dimensioning and tolerancing

ARCHITECTURE/DEVELOPMENT
Managed several application development projects
Managed adaptive/corrective application enhancements

MANUFACTURING/TOOLING DEVELOPMENT
Conceived, designed, and fabricated quality audit tooling for production audits.
Developed and evaluated proposals for new quality measurement equipment across DCX globally.
Developed Ultrasonic Leak Detection technology.

ADDITIONAL TRAINING
PMP, Project Management Professional
Project Management Institute (PMI),
Expected Exam Date: Fall 2024

Chronological Summary of Experience

Best Essential Services – October 2019 – Present
Project & Data Manager/HR/ Scheduler/Job Coach/Trainer – Harrison Twp., MI
Maintained database integrity and security
Developed company policies for data collection and record retention
Responsible for company payroll and tax information (Applications, I-9, W4)
Responsible for developing weekly schedules for all field personnel.
Worked with disabled clients to educate and train them with real world job search skills.
Responsible for providing clients with information to enable them to create their own resume.
Presided over Mock Interview sessions to build client interview skills. Used feedback from sessions to hone in on weak points and created skills to work around, or to correct issues wherever possible.
Worked with clients at volunteer employer sites to develop on-the-job skills.
Worked as liaison for client, Best Essential, and employers.
Handled any issues with client should they arise at employer sites.
Maintained detailed records for clients when at employer site, primarily a running narrative of what client did, created corrective measures where needed, based off this documentation.
Worked within Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) guidelines and standards to create and maintain confidential client files and information.
Identified potential client issues and worked with various disciplines at home office to correct or mitigate problems.

JDM Systems Consultants, Inc. - November 2018 – March 2019
Connected Services Software Integration Engineer – Senior at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles – Auburn Hills, MI
Responsible for the design, development, release and continuous improvement of connected system components, sub-systems and features at automotive level quality and within predetermined timing milestones on FCA second generation Uconnect In-Vehicle systems.
Liaison for ALL stakeholders with respect to ensuring accurate, detailed and timely specification packages and other written material to enable accurate, expedient documents for all parties to use to enable development.
Identify opportunities for quality and productivity improvement and implement appropriate initiatives.
Act as point-person for all interactions between FCA-USA and FCA-Italy, was responsible to all parties to ensure nothing was ‘lost in translation.’
Interface with Systems engineering to ensure software requirements are documented appropriately and analyzed prior to software design and implementation
Lead joint integration activities to ensure end to end system functionality
Drive continuous improvements through change management of Connected Vehicle applications and services
Authored and maintained design requirements for the entire worldwide organization.
Manage issue triage, documentation, prioritization and resolution working closely with business and development teams
Work closely with the Technical Manager and Product Owner to review the business requirements, and decipher the design details for the solution.

Acro Service Corporation - June 2015 – November 2016
Advanced Technical Development-Purchasing Manager/Representative at General Motors – Warren, MI
Responsible for processing all purchases within the GM Engineering - Active Safety Advanced Development Group.
Assigned to Convert the Active Safety group from the old (in-house) purchasing system to SAP in August 2015. Single-handedly processed all purchases in SAP while training all engineers in SAP for the final handover in November 2016.
Used SAP extensively to input, monitor, and generate all material and service purchases as they applied to all Autonomous Vehicle Development, & to all development of future safety features and options on future models.
Worked extensively with Engineers and Management to quantify project needs, and to then develop the required purchase.
Worked extensively with internal Purchasing and Finance groups to ensure seamless processing of all requests.
Worked as the face of purchasing for the Advanced Technical Development Group across all functional areas within General Motors, thus ensuring corporate compliance as well as departmental and group compliance.
Worked with Legal department & Export Compliance groups to identify and resolve potential issues regarding export of items, legal concerns, and any other potential issues that could delay or impact the purchase in any way.
Worked closely with vendors to review our GM specifications, requirements and purchase orders to prevent any miscommunication between companies, “Got the order right the first time!”
Tasked with tracking all PO Requests from cradle to grave. This included extensive follow-up work with team members in GM, and with vendors.
Assisted the Accounts Payable group and the occasional vendor to resolve any issues that might arise with the payment to any vendor for goods and service.
Created and maintained an extensive tracking and reporting function on departmental SharePoint to allow team members easy access to information pertaining to their specific projects and purchases.

Altimetrik - July 2014 –October 2014
Senior Business Analyst at Ford Motor Company – Dearborn, MI
Responsible for the development, and documentation of conversion procedures to ensure a streamlined and accurate conversion from old FMEA procedures and applications to methodologies and software under development.
Worked to design procedures and guidelines to improve overall design and production from cradle to grave using Agile & Waterfall Methodologies.

Arrow Strategies - June 2013 –December 2013
Business Analyst & Test Specialist at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan – Detroit, MI
Responsible for the development, testing and implementation of the Affordable Health Care Act across all levels of BCBSM Underwriting Operations.
Brought in to direct focus and efforts across most critical and visible areas and systems used by underwriting in daily operation during and after the transition to the Affordable Health Care Act.
Created or updated documentation for BCBSM applications in preparation for changes to system made for the Affordable Health Care Act.
Worked with a variety of BCBSM systems including: NASCO, BlueConnect, MetaVance, Peoplesoft, etc.

Computer Consultants of America, Inc., August 2001 - October 2006
Project Manager/Body Systems Audit Coordinator at DaimlerChrysler, – Auburn Hills, MI
Drove key projects for DaimlerChrysler Manufacturing Quality Group across all plants
globally.
Conceived, designed, and fabricated quality audit tooling for production audits.
Developed and evaluated proposals for new quality measurement equipment across DCX globally.
Developed Ultrasonic Leak Detection technology.
Established measurement criteria for all new DaimlerChrysler product launches.
Worked to provide a standard practice for gathering in-system data to diagnose and link Cause & Effect, to improve, fit, closing effort and sealing quality in a full scale automotive production environment, as well as development of measurement criteria during all product launches.
Traveled to plants as needed to train plant personnel on the BSA system, and the new Corporate Quality Reporting (CQR) System.
Trained all plant personnel across all three shifts, (days, afternoon & midnight)
Traveled to various plants to troubleshoot and implement the CQR equipment.
Developed vehicle graphics for the BSA website from Catia designs, using Photosuite, PowerPoint, and Photo Editor.
Helped develop Technical presentation and present numerous mini-Townhalls at the Chrysler Technical Center (CTC) and at several plants. The audience for the plant presentations was approximately 100 people per session. The audience for CTC presentation was several hundred people.
Initiated and organized multiple product demonstrations by outside vendors to evaluate new equipment for possible use.
Developed & authored specification package for DCX corporate quality system, combining 3 stand-alone systems and their associated databases into one corporate wide application.
Developed and maintained BSA programs for data collection from Quantum Databases. Also developed and maintained BSA programs for data collection from CMDana Databases.
Developed training programs and delivered to end-users in-plant.

EDS (General Motors Accounts) June 1995 - May 2001
Systems Quality Assurance Specialist – General Motors Global Programme Development SQA,
Subject Matter Expert – General Motors Global Materials System
Project Manager / Systems Engineer – Cadillac Motor Car Company – Warren, MI
Ensured and launched all new software development & enhancement projects within EDS/General Motors globally meeting CMM Standards.
oIdentified risks, implemented remediation plans, resolved quality & compliance issues.
oDocumented tactile change request and enhancement procedures and trained global project managers and development teams.
oSuccessfully obtained CMM Level III certification.
Executed strategic implementation of optimal uptime of Materials Scheduling System.
oPartnered with Global Suppliers Communications group to identify root causes and troubleshoot EDI transmission issues with Tier 1 suppliers.
Accountable for overall success of projects, from initial identification of requirements through development, testing and support. Primary developer and support specialist for Preference Guidance, Cadillac Information and Ten-Day systems.
o100% resolution of quality issues with mission-critical Preference Guidance system, eliminating support calls from 3 times per week to zero.
oOversaw the development and integration of major enhancements into system supporting expansion of 9 automotive models to 50.
oEstablished change control processes that were subsequently adopted and utilized for all system enhancements.
Selected as Coordinator for the Division Disaster Recovery plan and drill, coordinating efforts of global teams.
oCompleted written document of key data and processes.
oManaged successful Disaster Recovery Drill.
Selected as Y2K Project Manager, coordinating and tracking all Y2K work and issues.
oLed teams of 15 in complete business systems upgrade from COBOL to COBOL II and remediation of COBOL and PL/1 code for Y2K.
oCompleted 3 months ahead of schedule and $5 million under budget.
Optimizer and allocator of inputs necessary to meet pre-defined objectives in project management across all departments.

TKJ Consulting - December 2016 – October 20
October r 2014 – May 2015
January 2014 – July 2014
November 2006 – May 2013
Principal/Consultant – Sterling Heights MI
Areas of Expertise:
Business Analyst
Project Manager
Automotive Consultant/Quality Change Engineer
Field Software Engineer
Consultant
Coach/Educator/Mentor
I always have professional contacts that require additional or special help on one-off projects or assignments. I have always worked with them either after hours when fully employed, or during the times between assignments. Only periods of full-time activity are documented on this CV.
General CNC operations and programing (G Code)
Maintained constant customer contact for duration of contract, i.e.: “the face of the company”.
Worked extensively with all clients to ensure accurate capture of business and design specification, thus ensuring customer satisfaction, and avoiding costly gold plating issues.
Extensive customer/client management, responsible for all timelines and deadlines.
Responsible for interviewing all customers to gather & present specifications. Followed SDLC Methodology using JAD, SRS, and BRD guidelines to develop robust and accurate specifications and requirements.
Responsible for all financial and budgetary issues of organization and individual accounts.
Performed all estimates of work to perform, prepared formal proposal/estimates, and presented to clients.
Responsible for resolving all customer issues with every aspect of their project.
Tracked all work in process and presented status reports to clients as needed or to meet contractual agreements.

Technical Expertise

Hardware
Defracto Vision Systems
Perceptron Vision Systems
LMI 2300 Seal Gap Hub
Cisco
StarScan Vehicle Engine Diagnostic Tool
IBM 3090
IBM 4381
Debron 1052 Velocity Meter
SDT 170 Ultrasonic Leak Detection Equipment
Quadrascan ultrasonic technology
Telematics communication and connective hardware
IBM PC-AT/XT/RT
Unisys 6000/30
Datamyte 4000
LMI Flush & Gap Gauge Equipment
Origin Laser Gauge Systems
Gayle Inc. Ultrasonic Technology
Languages
PL/1
Easytrieve
Java (Training)
Cobol
Cobol II
OS/JCL
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Standards
Focus (Training)
Quickjob
Basic
HTML
Operating Systems
OS/MVS
MS-DOS
Unix
IMS
DB2
CICS
Teradata (Training)
Informix (Training)
Application Software
MicroSoft Office Suite
Visio
WS/FTP
Adobe Acrobat
Adobe PhotoShop
Data Expert
Xpeditor
FrontPage
Binder
Quantum
SAP
ISPF
IMS-Xpert
PanValet
Endevor
Projects
Photo Editor
iGrafx FlowCharter
Process Methodologies
Agile & Scrum (Training)
FMEA (Failure Modes Effect Analysis)
CMM/CMMi (Capability Maturity Model)
Contact this candidate