Sergii Sokolenko
+1-650-***-**** @ ad8rke@r.postjobfree.com Charlotte, NC 28277
www.linkedin.com/in/sergii-sokolenko

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A dynamic and results-oriented executive with seven years of experience in senior operational roles.
Strong in analytics and problem-solving by going beyond the job description. Have successfully led organizational change, optimized supply chains, and spearheaded innovative projects that have significantly boosted revenue and efficiency and delivered sustainable business results while strongly focusing on customer satisfaction and stakeholder value.
Experience in monitoring on-site work activities, monitoring project progress and tracking budget spending. Experience in developing & implementing project plans, reviewing & approving project designs & specifications, and collaborating with internal teams.
Work experience with world-level architects: UNS, Aedas, Aecom, and engineering groups such as Werner Sobek and Priedemann.

SKILLS
Project Management, Design Management, Internal Collaboration, Time Management, Progress Monitoring
B2C & B2B Communications, B2C & B2B Sales, Contract Negotiations, Bid Proposal Preparation,
Business Development, Strategic Planning, Budget Planning, Budget Monitoring, Team Leadership,
Industry skills: Façade Design, Value Engineering, Aluminum / Steel Facade Knowledge, Glass Industry Knowledge

WORK EXPERIENCE
International Market Business Development Director
Domus Aluminium, Charlotte NC, USA, Feb. 2024 – present
Establishing the US market distribution
Supporting US local clients
Coordinating the creation of a new business direction
Coordinating the creation of a joint venture company with one of the National market leaders

Chief Operation Officer
Domus Aluminium Tbilisi, Georgia Jun. 2019 – Oct. 2023
Provided growth of revenue in the range of 22 to 28 % for the first three years and kept it on the level of 15% per year by active networking with leading developers of the country
Created a well-known and trusted brand in the local market by active communication with the clients and monitoring the ongoing site work's productivity level together with company promotion with local architects by supporting with their needs
Led the hiring and onboarding process for engineers, managers and procurement specialists to enhance team capabilities and drive company success
Boosted productivity metrics by coordinating human resource departments, implementing sales plans, and managing finances when overseeing daily operations
From 2020, increased the revenue of the company by 18% by arranging and leading the US Export sales

Technical Director
Domus Aluminium Tbilisi, Georgia Mar. 2015 – Jun. 2019
Designed the fabrication facility by developing project plans and manufacturing processes to optimize workflow efficiency that increased the productivity of Fabrication by 500%
Created a technical department that decreased the average time spent on the project by 20% by providing the system of coordination of time spend per project
Created a service department that increased client satisfaction by decreasing the time for a first reaction and overall time spent on the fixtures
During 2015… 2017 increased company revenue by 300% together with the profitability by 35% by developing the system of active control of site works and budget spendings
Additional projects were taken due to the value of engineering that optimized the client’s budget by 8% with no architectural effect on the building
Regional Sales Manager Architectural consultant
Reynaers Aluminium Kyiv, Ukraine Jan. 2013 – Jan. 2015
Exceeded the annual plan in 2013 by 14% and by 21% in 2014 accordingly, by active and accurate support of the clients with common visits to investors and developers
Supported total Export sales growth on 15% by holding seminars and project support for architects together with active day to day follow up + networking and submitting needed information to responsible sales person
Promoted to deputy of Export Sales Director

Design Engineer
Reynaers Aluminium Kyiv, Ukraine Oct. 2010 – Jan. 2013
Provided technical support and project estimations as a part of the technical team to the clients and architects
Increased the percentage of project won from 12 % ( average for technical department) to 22% by active support of responsible sales person and attending the meetings with decision makers,

EDUCATION
Master of Industrial and Civil Engineering / Steel
Kyiv National University of Construction and Architecture, Kyiv, Ukraine
Contact this candidate