MARK KENNARD
**** * ******* **** **, Clayton OH *5315 · 614-***-****
ad8rda@r.postjobfree.com
About Me: Dynamic and motivated professional with a proven record generating and building relationships, managing many projects from concept to completion, taking the lead on failing projects and providing a complete turnaround through coaching individuals to success. Skilled in solving project problems and making critical decisions in stressful situations. Flexible and adaptable CAN-DO attitude no matter what challenge presents itself. Highest standard work ethic. Exceptional communication skills that allow me to work with anyone.
EXPERIENCE
OCTOBER 2020 – PRESENT
PROJECT MANAGER / ESTIMATOR(CURRENT POSITION) ABM
Managing NETA Maintenance and Acceptance testing projects and Electric Vehicle charger installations from concept to completion, maintaining and enhancing competitiveness through improved organization and efficiency to earn higher margins.
o150+ NETA projects (98% success), 30+ EV charger projects (100% success)
Essential team leader operating a start-up office in Columbus OH, generating a sustainable foundation with the goal of moving ABM’s power business further west.
Technical support for sales, site walkthroughs, client meetings, project follow through sales.
Building strong relationships with customers through excellent communications.
System creation to eliminate costly processes to find solutions.
Drawing take-offs and proposal development for power projects.

OCTOBER 2015 – OCTOBER 2020
PROGRAM MANAGER, High Voltage maintenance
Successfully managed site project at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, 15 employees. Sixth PM in 6 years cast into a difficult situation.
oEarned trust with the client, listened, asked questions, and delivered on contract requirements.
oCreate communication protocols that precisely complemented contract deliverables.
Expanded project to include additional staff through improved leadership, delivering difficult multi-discipline projects and earning additional Air Force base customers through exceptional work performance and word of mouth.
Effectively changed perception of government officials from negative to a positive outlook through excellent communications, initiating new program processes and improved project planning.
Craftily accomplished scheduling and coordination of engineering, CAD services, subcontractors and electrical technical services throughout research facilities within WPAFB.
Extraordinary success rate (98%) which was achieved by finishing construction projects on time and under budget.
Negotiated turnkey construction projects ranging from $50,000 to $1.5M. Resulted in significant government savings.

FEBRUARY 2015 – OCTOBER 2015
SALES MANAGER, wells Engineering
Filled startup electrical maintenance testing pipeline with $500K of new opportunity.
Strengthened position with existing customers by introducing new testing initiative.
Regained trust of lost customers through visibility in the market and delivering on promises.
Increased large customer base by adding Marathon Oil, International Paper and Owens Corning.
FEBRUARY 2011 – JANUARY 2015
REGIONAL SALES ENGINEER, I-GArd Corporation
Increased US sales by 300K in new business first 10 months in 2011, 1.5 million in 2012, 1.9 million in 2013 & 2.2 million in 2014. Best four years on record for US with I-Gard Products.
Improved visibility through Architect / Engineer specification training.
oScheduling 5+ learning opportunities for firms per month, online and in person.
oFollow up meetings for one-on-one specification discussions with professional engineers interested in the technologies.
Succeeded in changing grounding specifications for customers including Ford, Merck, Cargill, Procter & Gamble and Oxy. This led to $600K in repeat business annually.
Successfully increased I-Gard product visibility by bringing on new distribution channels and partnering with existing distribution outlets.
Packaging Solution sales leading to additional 250K incremental business.
Managed Manufacturers Representatives and helped increase rep sales by 50%.
MARCH 2009 – OCTOBER 2010
SALES ENGINEER, Matlock Electric
Increased territory sales of 1.4 million by 14% in first 10 months (2009).
On track to grow territory sales to 2.1 million in 2010.
Increased motor inventory management sales by 10%, resulting in 90% of customers new motor buys and 100% of repairs.
Company leader in Power Engineering service sales involving switchgear testing, transformer / breaker retrofit and repair projects leading to $430K in additional revenue.
Improved profit margins by 25%.
Doubled territory fuse sales.
Increased territory on site services sales by 50%.

OCTOBER 2005 – FEBRUARY 2009
SALES ENGINEER, RIFFLE AND ASSOCIATES
Achieved number one in reaching all sales goal categories. Construction, Maintenance Repair Orgs, Original Equipment Manufacturers, Arc Flash, Training Opportunities and Sales growth in dollars.
Increased Littelfuse territory sales by 70% in three years.
Initiated distributor and inside company sales training on technical product lines resulting in 10% average increase in sales with sales channels.
Through research and discovery for new product development, in less than two years, succeeded in approval and creation of custom products resulting in $450K in incremental business.
National leader in new Engineering service project opportunities and sales, identified and won 28 new arc flash, switchgear, transformer and breaker projects for services leading to $550K in additional revenue.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
2004 – 2005
PROJECT MANAGER / ENGINEER, ECO ENGINEERING
1999 – 2004
PROJECT MANAGER / ENGINEER, WASHINGTON GROUP INTERNATIONAL
1997 – 1999
PROJECT MANAGER / ENGINEER, ALLIEDSIGNAL
1992-1997
APPLICATION ENGINEER, CINCINNATI MILACRON
EDUCATION
BSEE, ohio university
3.3/4.0 in Electrical Engineering
SKILLS
Problem Solver
Excellent Listener
Decision maker
High work ethic
Research
Troubleshooting
ACTIVITIES
I am passionate about my children. My daughter has inspired me to serve new refugee families as they enter the USA and start their lives in Dayton, OH.
Rugby is my sport of choice. I help with the local Rugby team as much as possible.
Moved into a Family home (4 years ago) that was a non-working Farm, I am revitalizing the farm back into production.
Contact this candidate