https://Additional www.dropbox.Kenosha, documentation com/WI sh// (jloxjubjfsnplqi/262) PETER can 676-be 9633 JUNDT accessed AACJBL7ApvoNxkrWWV7nVln3a?/ pjundt@thru gmail.my Dropbox com here dl=0 Construction public of completion In a management ability demonstrating result objectives addition sectors. to of employ, my to of into Executive levels building wide projects Record practical workable guide, technical to transform of a on with and and team success time strategies encourage over creative and to and accomplish business in strategic 30 within project years’ plans and others communicating/needs budget. background. management to experience SUMMARY the service to objective, into surpass technological delivery, directing Experienced AND including established I providing am PROFILE workflow a construction hands-articulation results. at accountability objectives. functioning on managing professional Appreciated projects of Proven business and with to of the process team able track business all team objectives, sizes to leader record perform perfection. to in leaders ensure the with in translation private any excellent at all task and as PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Executive As strategy to this due by expenses site obligation. ensure 80% VP visits to regard of conflicting due into Logistics were clarity were Management I to was goals standardization reduced limited in able information and and the to Construction day-primarily objective by significantly 50% to-day and of as for to design operation direction a pre-I the result reduce was construction units and involved of previously confusion while installation protocols under in ensuring my and development on utilizing provided direction that installation, the corporate I part implemented technology throughout and of of the organizational developed or success those client tools and the in required and cascading process. achieving rather fulfillment design strategy, specifically than Quality teams goals top related travel translated line for previously metrics to objectives. by travel all ensure contractual employees that improved seen that In Construction Able construction challenges. managing Preservation, Preparation/to marshal and Proven Infrastructure. projects Tenant Project process resources track build on Management perfection. record time including out, and Educational, in Experience on demonstrating direct budget. reports, Institutional, Implemented includes practical vendors, Medium/Medical, and pre-customer creative launch High Light Rise, representatives, site plans Industrial, New inspections to construction, service Warehousing, to etc. delivery, identify to complete Renovation, workflow Green site specific Wall, Historic Site Purchasing Notable equipment vendor subcontractors. and teams was including identification, among implemented valued and my While subcontractor Installation at various nearly contract at corporate that projects, $200 project Management negotiations, identification, wide. million I I managed developed My at career the delivery negotiation World the a has punch-purchase coordination put Financial me and list and in procedure development. a Center position installation and management in which Manhattan, to successfully of increased furniture, of New unionized develop efficiency fixtures York. This construction installation &by amp, included over 75% Project Project process skilled also as individuals a licensed includes in administration to Administration the obtain and health disciplines proficiency small a 5-and year businesses. includes life of: in IDIQ the Estimating, insurance use solicitation many of IT aspects. agent, Scheduling, and for I Technology became My United experience Bidding, States a trusted in construction Billing, Coast includes adviser Guard construction successful and and valued an office expert up Document negotiation settings. to $in 25 benefits million. Having Development. of the for I spent proposal am both also 8 This years highly INDUSTRY SPECIFIC EXAMPLES:
Design custom living These retail, Over functional system manufacturers Unique them winning contractors the was plants healthcare walls utilizing green and and Racine course the and to were Installation and Distinctive successful wall develop reliable to Art of the each and installed significantly my systems Museum. IoT hospitality ranged tenure, and system, to transformation Projects: of allow in install in Green This both in more I improve upgraded successfully size for locations, a project interior While Wall than one-remote from quality of-of Systems: 10 the no including 100 and a a-as monitoring modified states, two historic kind design well sq. and exterior projects ft. exterior Successfully as nationwide. reliability the of to 130 and highway the more and management settings, year are upgraded irrigation acrylic control, than alike, of old billboards. managed These the including: exterior. 2000 building I the ICB and have control of living sq. design multiple overall. identified the had into ft. office walls system design several of the vendors, the spaces, contained and World and (ICB) wall very engaged installation mid-typical Class, converting suppliers notable more rise new AIA to than residential, projects. ensure and of award it numerous into 130,a 000 a Among more smart Additionally, House technology project (A wall containing close structural the the ceiling Installation technical PET coordination installation for Redevelopment my twice third the team specialty entire scanners, spanned coordination Renovation the of proper project also to systems the face engineers, depth nearly to deliver contractors included of I metal space. with 9 ensure successfully C-installation of to full complex Project arm of our include 10,including the and with the contractor. stories the 000 and wall the along exact end project addition industry’s was to various procurement systems: live standard here and ensure of users, in constructed installation with computer significantly the an plants, will on is This project. design open the equipment. the design time that upper require X-Successfully unique general green this Ray staircase controlled the and and of professionals, the team, Notable limit behind wall equipment structural rooms maintenance wall budget. structure award-installation contractor, Despite at has equipment inside at managed the features schedule and storage become the winning time)members and being included their including Waste of of installation to a the and of . the curved manufacturers, Houston, and the be infrastructure brought $this 13.Management like. installation retrieval performed focal critical the floundering 6 the project roof million, This installation point project in TX contractor to joists when required systems, high-included the from of of 70,construction are Headquarters I architects, which the multiple unique successfully rise the 000 appropriately of a (entire and liner close Northwestern man tower. a square the metal were design their types utilization accelerators, basket interdisciplinary branding project. sub-At required foot branding in developed engineering nearly of of Houston contractors, constructed suspended Prairie the complex This Memorial team of 128’ building. to fabrication satellite MRI wall and be Texas. School and tall team)and 22’ systems, from and required managed to Hospital and in This highly based allow This Field, depth and the over EDUCATION AND OTHERS
Concordia Bachelor’s University Degree Business, Mequon, 1985 WI PETER JUNDT
9621 66th Street, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53142
262-***-**** / ad8rz7@r.postjobfree.com
Construction public of completion In a management ability demonstrating result objectives addition sectors. to of employ, my to of into Executive levels building wide projects Record practical workable guide, technical to transform of a on with and and team success time strategies encourage over creative and to and accomplish business in strategic 30 within project years’ plans and others communicating/ needs budget. background. management to experience SUMMARY the service to objective, into surpass technological delivery, directing Experienced AND including established I providing am PROFILE workflow a construction hands-articulation results. at objectives. accountability functioning on managing professional Appreciated projects of Proven business and with to of the process team able track business all team objectives, sizes to leader record perform perfection. to in leaders ensure the with in translation private any excellent at all task and as PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PA JUNDT CONSULTING, Kenosha, WI
Principal
2020 Providing Tenant based. - Clients Present Improvement, project are based primarily Remodeling, and in contract the Retail, and defined Green Food consulting Wall Service, (Living and and Plant Medical project Wall) sectors. management projects both services virtually for and Construction, project-site The Blue River Group, Atlanta, GA
Senior Project Manager
2021 As Telecom ongoing This developing restraints, and a maintaining Senior includes – 2022 service, industry. leading subcontractors. Project working and strong This to Manager, the a with high includes team construction These tension and I relationships was upgrading developing projects responsible construction of new/come critical between younger upgraded for with environment. delivering systems the team complex various data members within mission centers/technology, A contractors, large data on critical switches. part centers/our tight team, of team projects my switches, time as responsibility members well lines for as clients while and finding, and significant these is in stake one the vetting centers Cellular/ of holders. building budget and have SAGEGREENLIFE, Chicago, IL
VP of Logistics and Construction
2018 – 2020
As strategy to this due by expenses site obligation Successfully nationwide. to These retail, Over more smart manufacturers ensure more 80% VP visits to regard the functional of healthcare system walls conflicting due than into Logistics course were clarity were I were These to managed was goals 2000 utilizing standardization reduced to limited of and in able and installed significantly information and my living and sq. the reliable hospitality to the Construction tenure, ft. the day-primarily objective by significantly walls design IoT 50% in to-system, both I day and to improve contained successfully of as for allow locations, to and design operation interior direction a pre-I the result upgraded reduce was installation for quality construction units and more involved remote of and as modified previously confusion while installation protocols under well and than the exterior of monitoring as in ensuring design reliability numerous 130,my and development and highway on utilizing provided settings, direction 000 that installation, upgraded of the corporate the living of I part and billboards. custom implemented the technology irrigation including: throughout and control, of of plants the ICB the organizational developed or green success design overall. those client and control and office tools wall and the each in of required identified and cascading process. achieving the rather fulfillment spaces, systems system ranged design strategy, wall specifically than mid-and Quality typical (in teams ICB) in goals top related more travel size engaged translated rise line converting for previously to metrics from residential, than to objectives. en- by travel all ensure new contractual employees 100 sure 10 that improved states, it sq. seen a into that In ft. a HEALTHMARKETS INSURANCE/PETERJUNDT.COM, Atlanta, Georgia Licensed Insurance Agent
2011 Health becoming the speaker Insurance, current - and 2018 for an Benefits Life and conventions expert Insurance quickly Strategies, in the changing and Agent Affordable seminars etc. licensed paradigm Rapidly Care of various in Act rising of Georgia, individual and to types serving a South top on and 10 the as Carolina, sales group a topics consultant consultant medical Alabama, of the to Affordable insurance. individuals in Wisconsin the state Care A and of frequent and Act, Georgia small Minnesota. Supplemental and businesses sought Quickly after in PMC CONTRACTING, Atlanta, Georgia
Principal
2010 Directed residential estimating, Clients – included 2018 all construction bidding aspects residential and of outsourced construction. markets. remodeling Managed project Projects firms, management projects as ranged well from as from and home client minor renovation and acquisition, renovation business contracting project owners. through development, in the full commercial house restorations. design, and PIEDMONT CONSTRUCTION GROUP, LLC, Macon/Atlanta/Canton, Georgia Project Director/Operations Manager
2008 – 2010
RJM Directed design responses Commercial professionals, daily to federal operations – Tampa, proposal and construction for Florida projects solicitations throughout team for to various facilitate the Southeastern projects. project. Led United and participated States. Coordinated in teams preparing with the owner, BRAC Milcon Completed $o o o o 25 Flamingo Federal Boardwalk schedule. Exterior million. Relocate successful Courthouse Other Stone Trailer Replacement, RIA-significant Replacement, 14 House proposal Roof Addition Replacement, Biscayne projects for Frank to 5-B year included: National 839, Scarlett IDIQ Everglades Macon, Fort solicitation Federal Park, Gillem, Georgia Florida National Courthouse, Georgia for - $- 1.United $Park 2 560,million - 000 Brunswick, $States 1.1 – million Finished Coast Georgia Guard 40 days - valued $1.ahead 3 million up of to
Managed the Design/Build process for this Army Corps of Engineers project at Ft. Gillem, GA. Peabody Directed Augusta. floors team. 3 Successfully completed through build-Coordinated Apartment out 7. design of Interfaced navigated $Building all 5.7 trades and Million with received Army Renovation from renovation owner’s Corps demolition/final process, representatives construction (of Phase an remediation 11-starting 2)story, Augusta, document (fully with headquartered through occupied basic Georgia approval. finishes solicitation low-at the income for project complete drawings housing site) gut/and and unit renovation specifications the in heart design of of
Managed buy-out of all subcontracts/purchase orders in addition to all other aspects of the project
Ensured building o o o o Safe Strict Development Daily means management safety removal security of of of tenants, ingress of of a debris work fast with and reaction many areas an and egress eye construction of to to: protocol whom prevent at all were times. unauthorized in materials the elderly event or ensuring of access. in an poor emergency. a health safe living through environment. coordination with o Enforcement tenant/public of occupied strict protocols areas. of isolation during the demolition process to prevent contamination of
Overcame halfway into obstacles 7th floor including rough-in the process. bankruptcy Led effort and to failure have PCG-of the self project’s perform electrical the remaining contractor electrical about work. BUKACEK CONSTRUCTION, LLC, Racine, Wisconsin
Project Manager / Estimator
2001 – 2008
Prairie Directed with gym Architecture. Managed floor, the School design all all raised daily required Oversaw Field teams, running activities House trade including all track, aspects for and Renovation $13.and vendor the of 6 2story million Concept project relationships. and all award-including, Design glass Addition winning atrium/Team estimating, – Wind from. lobby, 70,000 Point, Building a scheduling, sq. stunning Ft. Wisconsin featured Field example billing, House a 22,and of addition. 000 the contract sq. Prairie ft. Closely hardwood negotiations. School interfaced of main Racine Directed Racine, including, Coordinated Architect, o o Wisconsin Art all estimating, Given the performing precise Close brought Museum– daily effort activities coordination the Engineer into location the architectural to unique scheduling, Racine, an the project conceptualize ultramodern, for work, and of design structural “gut with Wisconsin to Owner. ultimately billing, design completion reno” project and an four layout points of with and alternative $stake employing time 5.contract 3 structural 25 of in months holders the million AIA 3 dimensions. method building, award negotiations, a ahead requirements sophisticated historic as well winning, and of typical the as identify 130-principal managed original layout art year-and satellite museum. a owners’ contractor old techniques schedule members all M&assisted required I Oversaw needs Bank capable as of methodology were well building the trades and all construction inadequate. as interfaced of aspects on and in budget. downtown vendors. to of ensure with project I team lead
Closely using world o Upon a testing custom coordinated completion prior designed to with the final exoskeleton system vendor installation. proved to design/and to mounting exceed construct/expectations system, install which an when illuminated included faced with acrylic prototyping real sheathe world and on conditions. extensive the building real CORPORATE Coordinated Architect, o o Coordination constructed The As need design. STRATEGIC Built oldest to Engineer overcome drawings architectural sections at was different SERVICES, and critical were the of Owner. lack the design incomplete times because building INC.of structural with and, Dublin, the combined structural dated and building elements inaccurate, Ohio to the over requirements was 1860’s. indicated the leading actually course on to and a of conglomeration significant the many owners’ drawing years needs challenges. and in of a and relied hodgepodge multiple interfaced Particularly upon buildings, in manner. with the the new Senior Special Projects Manager
1998 – 2001
Washington Directed care Medicine, center, all and The daily University The Alvin team Charles J. activities Siteman Medical F. Knight Cancer at Center– $Emergency 320 Center million,St. Louis, at and 1 Barnes-million Trauma MO Jewish sq. Center. ft. Campus Hospital, Integration Washington Project. University Included School ambulatory of
Led including the team the responsible diagnostic radiology, for coordinating surgical purchasing suite, and radiation and installing oncology all furniture, equipment fixtures, and equipment, Northwestern Directed Redevelopment furniture, Ensured through day-fixtures, to-Memorial Project. day close suites and activities coordination were equipment, Expedited, Hospital appropriately of logistics including of scheduled, – design Chicago, team designed and diagnostic for and IL construction $oversaw 680 and million, and constructed delivery therapeutic teams 2.1 million and and to accept radiology installation stakeholders. sq. ft. the Northwestern equipment. installation of new and of Memorial relocating the equipment Hospital
Ensured through close suites coordination were appropriately with design designed and construction and constructed teams to and accept stakeholders installation to of ensure. the equipment
Closely transition interfaced from existing with user, hospital vendors, to replacement contractors, hospital. and senior hospital management to ensure a seamless MORNINGSTAR COMPUTER CONSULTING, Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin Proprietor
1996 Sole in finance proprietor – 1998 and capital dealing equipment. with software/hardware solutions, connectivity, and maintenance. Clients were primarily WOODLAND CUSTOM HOMES, Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin
Proprietor
1988 Residential – 1996 custom home contractor crafting homes throughout SE Wisconsin CRS SIRENE, Houston, TX
Installation Coordinator
1986 Responsible 2 constituted and – 4 1988 of the the for World World coordinating Financial Headquarters the Center delivery of in Merrill Manhattan, and installation Lynch. NY valued of all at the $70,Furniture, 000,000. Fixtures This 4,000,and 000 Equipment square foot for Towers project Proficient Project Management, in Windows- including: and Mac-based computing COMPUTER systems utilizing SKILLS standard software employed in Construction
Microsoft Office Suite
Microsoft Project
Timberline
MC-2
CMiC
Primavera SureTrac
Primavera Contract Manger
Base Camp
Builder Trend
Contact this candidate