Le Cai (Maria)
ad8rzn@r.postjobfree.com 408-***-**** Sunnyvale, CA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/le-cai-maria/

EDUCATION
Northeastern University - Silicon Valley San Jose
Master of Science in Project Management Mar 2025 / GPA - 3.9
Related Courses: Communication Skills for Project Managers, Project Stakeholder Management.

The Chinese University of Hong Kong Hong Kong
Bachelor of Social Science, Communication Jun 2020 / GPA - 3.5
Related Courses: Integrated Marketing Strategy, Design and Layout, Video Production.

EXPERIENCE
Yeah! A Dress-Up Game! https://yeah-dressup.vercel.app/ Sunnyvale, CA, the United States
Illustrator, UI Designer & Project Manager (Independent Project) Jul 2024 - Present
Manage all aspects of the project from ideation to completion, including initial concept and planning, scope definition and resource allocation, task delegation and collaboration, quality assurance and testing, launch and deployment
Develop the user interface (UI) for the game's web page and illustrated over 350 unique clothing and accessory items

Adobe San Jose, CA, the United States
Student Ambassador Feb 2024 - present
Promotes Adobe through content creation and advertising on social media channels such as Instagram and LinkedIn, driving awareness and interest among students, resulting in increased activations of free Adobe Creative Cloud at Northeastern University and growth in brand awareness.
Plans and executes Adobe workshops teaching students how to best utilize Adobe applications, including Adobe Firefly Tryout, and Absolute Basic Adobe Illustrator Workshop.
Participate in Summer Social Superstar Program, creating social media content weekly, tracking progress and reporting metrics.

Ogilvy Shenzhen, China
Branding and Marketing Strategist Jun 2020 – March 2023
Conducted extensive marketing research, competitor analysis and audience analysis to identify customer needs and the unique selling points of the products. This effort led to the successful annual campaign for UNHCR, doubling donations for 2022.
Crafted comprehensive campaign and communication strategies, ensuring alignment with clients’ business and brand objectives, particularly for social media campaigns.
Managed project progress and cooperated with other departments to create creative content.
acted as the team's representative in client-facing meetings and presentations, delivering insightful, data-supported strategic insights that facilitated the seamless progress of the entire project.
Built and maintained good relationship with team members, stakeholders, and external partners.

TECHNICCAL SKILLS
Microsoft Office: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Teams, Outlook
Contact this candidate