**** ** *** ****** *****, Florida ***** U.S.A
+1-561-***-****
ad8srt@r.postjobfree.com

SANJAY GOEL

Objective
To develop and equip myself with upcoming Technology, solutions by working in an organization of repute which is oriented in this field. Willingness to learn new technologies depending on the company’s requirements and advances in rapidly growing field of computers.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Worked with Orange Business Services

As a Program Manager – Aug 2017 – November 2017
Working with a team of qualified professionals on Windows Technologies for customers for which I am accountable from Incident Management, Aligning IT with business needs of customers and technical readiness perspective. Responsibilities includes

Handling escalations on Directory Services related Issues
Accountable for on-time implementation of all RFCs, the Service acceptance and support project in case there is no Project Manager.
Escalation Authority empowered to escalate to higher levels of management.
Proactively identifying and resolving blocking issues.
Helping business achieve their goals.
Providing inputs to the developer team for filing Bugs and registering solutions.
Building knowledge base and adding to the Best practices and known issues with windows products.
Ensuring SLA to be met for Incidents.

As a Senior Specialist – Support Engineer- (Directory Services & Networking CMRM) Jan. 2011 – Aug 2017

Managing and Supporting Windows clustering Environment (Active Directory, VMWare, Storage, Performance etc) for Orange Business services customers.
Managing and Supporting customers like Thomson Reuters, VISA, P&G, Emirates, Delta Airlines to name a few. Support includes complete windows platforms including Active Directory, VMWare, Networking, Storage etc.
Group Policies, Account Lockouts, slow logon, slow boot, FSMO, Trust etc.
Day-to-Day Maintenance – Built Server Templates, Performed Snapshots and Cloning critical Virtual Machines. Installed and maintained numerous virtual machines consisting Microsoft, NetWare, and Linux Product Operating systems
Monitoring, Troubleshooting, Management, Maintenance of Local Area Network (layer 2 & Layer 3 Switches)
Terminal server 2003/2008/2012.
Configure and manage DNS, DHCP.
Working on Root cause analysis for issues encountered.
Fixing core windows 2008, 2003 & Windows XP Operating System issues.

January 2008 – January 2011

Responsible for generating and presenting monthly customer reports including availability reports, outage reports, traffic reports with IPVPN and MPLS network performance, coordinating transaction monitoring process
To monitor and evaluate usage and traffic management services by production of reports documenting the network service levels, compared to the contractual SLA, checking the appropriateness of the services subscribed and their usage, and doing trend analysis
To analyze the operation of corporate network and to report on Quality of Service (round trip delay, packet loss), to submit and manage correction or improvement plans in terms of upgrades etc. as and when necessary
Monitor service performance and track chronic cases and work towards improving the affected services by provide feedback to Primary CSM
To manage failures and planned maintenance in order to minimize the impact on operational services on customer services and play an active part in escalations
Actively assist in data integrity and produce the root-cause analysis report for the customer in case of any prolonged outages if required and suggest improvement plans where ever possible
Involvement in short term customer related projects
Coordinating with help desk team for any chronic issues
Training and mentoring the new joiners

Achievements
Winner of the Flare award for second quarter 2010 (Employee of the Quarter)
Nominated and earned the Local Achievers award twice during the tenure

Automation projects undertaken
Automated variance report for 26 customers in Service Operations leading to the reduction of 6 to 8 minutes per incident
Part of Operation performance review team – collated data related to performance of Gurgaon Centre managers and analyzed and forecast their level of engagement
Developed the connection list macro – Connection list macro updating for customers with more than 1000 connections
Automated the On time delivery of the reports, tracking the date of the delivery of the reports in the team
Involvement with cross functional teams in terms of automation and creation of Macros

Worked with IBM – DAKSH as a Senior Executive – Operations
April 2004 – Jan. 2008
Analyzed, cross checked and processed the billing claims made by the Doctors and Insured members
Involved with the Quality Team to maintain and ensure the quality on committed level.
Personal Strengths:

To mix up socially and easily get adapted to circumstances
Receptive to suggestions
Ability to think critically, evaluates situations, make decisions and solve problems

Professional Qualifications: -

Cisco Certified Network Associate CCNA
ITIL® Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management
STG Certified E-Business Application Development Professional
Software Technology Group International, New Delhi May 2000- July 2001

Educational Qualification: -

M.Sc (IT) MAHE (Manipal Academy of Higher Education- Sikkim Manipal University
Post Graduate Diploma in Information Technology MAHE (Manipal Academy of Higher Education)
Master of Arts (Economics) from Annamalai University
Bachelor of Arts from Delhi University

Sanjay Goel
Contact this candidate