Joe Leaver
408-***-**** ad8so7@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/joe-leaver1
Abilities
Technical Skills
Programming languages: Javascript, Node, Go, Python, Ruby,C#, C, C++, etc.
Databases: MSSQL, MySQL, Postgres, Ingres, Neo4j, MongoDB, Couchbase, Elastic
Web design and frameworks: HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, React, React Native, Angular, Rails
DevOps tools: Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Vagrant, Docker
Project Management: Jira, Trello, Confluence, MS Project
Infrastructure: GCP, AWS, KVM, XEN, VMWare
Leadership Skills
Trainer in Agile, Lean, Scrum, and Kanban methodologies
Hire, train, coach, and develop team members
Develop clear, concise documentation, policies, and processes to support operational initiatives
Perform in-depth research, needs-analysis, cost-analysis, trending and forecasting
Engage with customers, build relationships, collect feedback Accomplishments
Summary
Over twenty-five years of experience in management, technology, development, architecture, training, sales, and customer success, across both startups and large enterprise. Professional Services 2021-present
Developer: JS/React/Bootstrap developer for construction and disaster relief applications for an international non- profit
Project Manager: Managed a $20m cost-savings initiative to move 10k+ app instances from Pivotal Cloud Foundry to GCS services
Sales Architect/Project Manager: Managed team to develop infrastructure-as-code data streaming platform (Kafka on GCS) for University of California – San Diego.
Sales Architect/Project Manager: Managed team to develop infrastructure-as-code data streaming platform (Kafka on AWS) for Advanced Auto Parts.
Mobile Developer: Lead developer for a cooking social media app for a startup (React Native) Plivo
Global Director, Solutions Engineering and Customer Success 2018 - 2021 Built and led new pre-sales and post-sales teams.
Hired a team of 7 CSMs and Solution Engineers across two offices
Put $18m revenue under CSM management
Created processes and materials for customer onboarding, executive business reviews, and customer education
Transformed customer feedback into product requests and coordinated with product management
Player-coached strategic accounts, including on-site visits, developer training, and code and architecture review Mercedes-Benz Research & Development USA
Innovation Architect, Agile/DevOps Coach and Trainer 2016 - 2018 Startup scouting, technical proof-of-concepts, Agile and DevOps coaching, and team-building.
Led a global cultural transformation initiative
Created a train-the-trainer program with a team of 12
Executive and management training
Employee development
Organizational restructuring
DevOps tooling and processes
‘Discovered’ and worked with Silicon Valley incubators / startups to bring in new tools, tech, and culture Intel Security
DevOps Team Lead 2014 - 2016
Led a series of special initiatives, reporting to the Director of Consumer Operations.
Led transition from traditional, horizontal waterfall teams to cross-functional product-based verticals
Collaborated on transitioning documentation and procedures to maintain ISO 9001 certification and SOX/PCI compliance while changing methodologies
Worked on multiple automation, continuous deployment, and continuous integration projects
Facilitated technical and procedural acquisition of a Montreal-based security startup C & K Market
Director Information Technology 2007 - 2014
Worked in multiple technical and managerial roles, ultimately serving as Director of IT. Directed information technology department as company restructured and emerged from bankruptcy:
Implemented version control system
Developed and implemented policy and procedure manuals
Developed and implemented knowledge base
Improved team KPIs by over 500% while shrinking team size and reducing labor costs KoH Virtual Servers
Founder 2008-2012
Designed and created IaaS management platform company. Acquired in 2012. LBME
Developer 2005 - 2007
Created various entertainment-oriented web sites for a small media and marketing company. RED2000, Mazatlán, México
Network Engineer 2002 - 2003
Supervised implementation of a customer-expansion program from 500 subscribers in a local dialup area to a potential 5000 customers through the addition of wireless and broadband capabilities.
Performed comprehensive analysis of existing network and expansion plan.
Supervised purchase and installation of network and telephony equipment.
Trained technicians in long-term maintenance and customer technical support.
Trained sales staff to market new services.
YourFunMail, Inc., Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
Founder 1999 - 2002
Designed and created an original-concept web-based subscription entertainment and news service.
Performed market research and needs analysis.
Specified, designed and built a client/server application for a daily Internet newsletter, including a database-driven web site, MS Access data-entry modules using ODBC, MySQL, PERL and PHP.
Configured Linux server for multiple newsletter mailing using PostFix, Red Hat 6.2, Apache, MySQL, PERL.
Wrote a complete set of PERL-based mass-mailing utilities, including subscription management, bounce handling, mime encoding, bulk mailing, mail merging, with template-driven, content-integration database.
Created and executed an incisive marketing strategy, gaining 110,000 subscribers in the first six months of operation, becoming the fastest-growing subscription service of its type.
Negotiated advertising contracts with international firms. The Connect! Corporation / Connect del Sol
Founder 1996 - 2002
Founded an Internet Service Provider.
Performed market analysis.
Created a business plan with a five-year exit strategy.
Hired department heads for client services, network engineering, sales, marketing, customer service, and financial services departments.
Planned and executed a multimedia marketing campaign including trade shows, radio, print, and electronic media.
Installed and maintained a 12-node business telephone system.
Grew company from zero to 1,200 clients in the first year becoming the highest-grossing ISP in the area.
Maintained a sales/customer-care/technical support desk for an Internet services provider firm with over 1,200 customers, including entering customer data and financial data.
Transitioned from home service to business service as the market changed in the third year.
Acquired in 2002.
Contact this candidate