Christopher Agostino
732-***-****, ad8soa@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: Highly motivated and determined college student with a strong desire to gain and strengthen experience through internships. I own strong analytical skills, the ability to multitask and problem solve in a fast-paced environment.
Internship Experience:
Valex Enterprises: Project Manager Assistance and Payroll Coordinator June 2023 to August 2023
● Compiled and documented daily reports pertaining to 8 individual projects.
● Collected weekly project status reports from team members and distributed to Senior Project Managers.
● Identified and recorded project scopes, risks, constraints, dependencies and deadlines.
● Monitored project progress and helped in adjustments.
● Documented hours to specific tasks to manage budgets and profitability.
● Responsible for compiling, identifying and correcting discrepancies in monthly billing
● Provided consistent updates on projects to all stakeholders.
● Administered and oversaw timesheet entries for accuracy for over 250 employees.
● Accountable for preparing payroll entries into Exaktime software time clock program. Pinneo: Project Manager Internship June 2022 to August 2022 Michael Danna – 732-***-****
● Supported the Project Manager with overseeing all aspects of residential home-building project, including scheduling and quality checklists.
● Delivering project management support to the project team.
● Logging and evaluating information on the progress of the project, using Excel and internal database.
● Monitoring project schedules and budgets, preparing progress reports, and liaising with key stakeholders.
● Maintaining records for review by project manager to ensure that all necessary development activities were completed.
Monmouth Racetrack: Admissions Representative June 2022 to August 2022
● Welcome guests and sell/scan tickets upon their arrival for admittance.
● Answer guest inquiries and provide information as needed.
● Accurately calculate and balance sales at closure of each day. Pinneo Construction: Laborer June 2021 to August 2021
● Active construction team member under guidance of supervisor.
● Implemented construction plans.
● Maintain and secure equipment.
● Assist skilled tradespeople through completion of specialized tasks. Activities and Philanthropic Participation:
● Active member of Phi Kappa Psi, Recording Secretary and Community Service Fundraising Committee
● Fundraising activities for Boys & Girls Club of America Computer Skills: Procore software, Exaktime software, Adobe Acrobat, LexisNexis, and Proficient in all Microsoft office suite of products (particularly Excel & PowerPoint) Education:
● Rowan University: Class of 2025, Bachelor of Science, Major: Finance, GPA: 3.3
● Christian Brothers Academy: Class of 2021
Contact this candidate