Sunil Kumar Sama

(Cell) 626-***-**** ad8try@r.postjobfree.com Silver Saddle CT, Eastvale, CA 92880 LinkedIn Immigration Status: US Citizen

Project Lifecycle Management Vendor Management Software Development Life Cycle Agile & Scrum Cloud Computing

Steers complex IT projects to completion in the healthcare, finance, utility, automotive, insurance, SAP, ERP, CRM, IVR/CTI, Telephony, Call Center, FinTech, banking, and software industries. Aligns project goals with business objectives, ensuring on-time delivery and cost efficiency. Manages cross-functional teams and collaborates with stakeholders to deliver scalable, high-impact solutions.

Key Skills: Risk Management Budgeting & Forecasting Quality Assurance Requirements Gathering Workflow Automation Data Analysis DevOps Application Migration & Upgrades Database Management Stakeholder Management Team Leadership

Professional Experience

~ Working on Salesforce Admin Certification and AWS SAA certifications. ~ 04/2024 – Present

Agile Project Manager and Scrum Master – CitiGroup, Tata Consultancy Services 05/2023 – 03/2024

Brought on board as the technical project manager to support fintech initiatives. Led all phases of project management, from requirement gathering and development to QA testing, training, and go-live support. Handled project planning, daily standups, and sprints to ensure timely delivery. Tracked project progress and maintained clear communication to align stakeholders.

●Implemented family linking functionality in the digital application. Led the $5M Tier Acceleration program to consolidate family accounts under a primary key, managed cross-functional teams and ensured on-time delivery using Salesforce and Confluence.
●Oversaw the CAMB project to enable seamless viewing of combined average monthly balances and individual account contributions, oversaw vendor collaboration for payment processing, boosted client satisfaction by ensuring timely payments.
●Managed cross-functional teams of 12+, coordinated data analysis and provided weekly Tableau-generated reports to stakeholders, tracked team progress and delegated tasks using JIRA.
●Enhanced offshore team efficiency by resolving communication bottlenecks and reducing project delays across time zones.
●Managed the legacy ELC system replacement with Salesforce and ensured seamless integration with existing enterprise systems.
●Delivered projects successfully for mobile and desktop applications.
●Managed the CITI Customer Service Payments system.
●Collaborated with IT teams to prioritize and schedule implementation activities.

Agile Project Manager and Scrum Master – Southern California Edison, Tata Consultancy Services 02/2019 – 04/2023

Supervised multiple projects, including application installation and migration, legacy system replacement, and system feasibility analysis. Led the NetComm Encryption project to upgrade the current system. Provided development support for an intelligent chatbot application leveraging AI and data analytics to automate customer service. Fostered strong relationships with product owners and stakeholders, and managed projects across both Waterfall and Agile SDLCs, coached teams on Agile and Scrum.

●Centralized document management across departments by migrating all users to a unified Enterprise Content Management
●Led the SharePoint 2013 to 2019 Upgrade and Migration project with a $5M budget, built the infrastructure from scratch, integrated disaster recovery protocols with dual data centers (ADC & IOC), and added encryption to secure sensitive data.
●Define roles and responsibilities for implementation team members and ensure adherence to timelines.
●Monitored implementation progress and address any issues or roadblocks that arise.
●Communicated regularly with stakeholders to provide updates on implementation status.
●Followed SAFe to coordinate multiple Agile teams across the company. These teams operate on an Agile Release Train, planning and delivering features such as account management, fund transfers, and customer support over a Program Increment. Regular PI Planning sessions ensure alignment and coordination among teams, enabling the organization to deliver a cohesive, integrated product across all departments and also followed CICD process.
●Experienced in feasibility study, project costing, requirement analysis, change control, Cost benefit Analysis, change management, stakeholders reporting, status updates, IT implementation.
●Well versed and desired to in a management consulting environment that might require regular travel or working in a Global delivery environment.
●Replaced legacy SAP PPM with UMT360, integrating Microsoft Project Online to streamline IT PMO operations.
●Conducted a feasibility study for the migration of the mainframe application running on DB2 database to SAP EAM with HANA.
●Orchestrated cloud migration projects within AWS Cloud, directed the successful transition of SAP systems to SAP S/4HANA.
●Worked closely with Service Reliability Engineering (SRE) and Infrastructure teams on cloud-hosted platforms.
●Extensively worked on different applications, system integrations, and API integrations.
●Worked with multiple Middleware integration Teams such as OKTA, Identity and Access Management (IAM), SSO and Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), API integration & Directory services (e.g., Active Directory, LDAP)
●Experience in supporting Cyber Security Projects involving IAM integrations and implementations.
●Experienced in cyber data security platform. domain area.
●Experience with NERC-CIP (North American Electric Reliability Corporation – Critical Infrastructure Protection) standards, including cybersecurity controls, access management, and compliance auditing for the protection of critical infrastructure within the energy sector. Strong understanding of regulatory requirements and risk management processes to ensure the security and reliability of the bulk electric system.
●Experienced and Knowledgeable in enterprise architecture principles and implementation methodologies.
●Experienced within a utility device Field Service implementations.

Agile Project Manager and Scrum Master – Kaiser Permanente, Tata Consultancy Services 11/2017 – 01/2019

Led cloud application development, built and communicated scope, budget, and schedule to stakeholders. Set goals, tracked results, and drove risk mitigation across all project stages, ensured on-time delivery. Facilitated regular meetings with the management.

●Reduced annual expenses by spearheading the development of an in-house IBM cloud application with an $8M budget for Individual and Family Membership Enrollment, eliminating reliance on the vendor. Led team training for the new application.
●Ensured uninterrupted service by directing the seamless integration of critical systems, including Adobe, DataPower, and DMSS, into the in-house environment, coordinated with the ACI vendor to maintain robust payment processing.
●Coordinated the EHR data analytics project, successfully setting up a database within a tight deadline to support the clinical team's urgent data analysis needs, facilitated staff training on Tableau for enhanced data visualization.
●Developed and executed the implementation plan for transitioning from Vendor managed to client managed and implemented the project successfully.
●Managed the KPIT KPIF Customer Service Payments system.
●Delivered projects successfully for mobile and desktop applications.

Project Manager and Integration Lead – Toyota Financial Services, TCS / waveEra inc / Pyramid Inc. 12/2013 – 10/2017

Delivered successful projects for mobile and desktop applications. Attended daily scrum meetings and provided QA status updates. Prepared fixed bid deliverables, including SOW, created and validated SQL queries in TOAD. Developed a traceability matrix to meet all client expectations. Conducted end-to-end testing across multiple applications, including Salesforce, STARS, and UCM.

●Reduced system downtime, and improved customer experience and call routing efficiency by replacing the outdated telephony infrastructure with Genesys Cloud with a budget of $4M, upgraded VoIP infrastructure and NICE call recording software.
●Worked on the CRM replacement project, transitioning from Siebel to Salesforce Service cloud to streamline call center operations, enhanced agent efficiency and reduced call handling time by implementing Agile Scrum with 2-week sprints.
●Worked with the team on data loads and data migrations using ETL Tool / Informatica and Power Center.
●Upgraded the IVR platform from GVP 7.6 to GVP 8.1, introducing voice recognition for English and Spanish.
●Led the CP 2576 SRM Re-Launch project to enhance SRM capabilities by integrating Salesforce Sales cloud, added new interfaces like BOX, Outlook, and Route-one, and enabled real-time data exchanges via Tibco and Informatica.

QA Test Lead – State Government of California (Obama Care), Pyramid Inc. 07/2013 – 12/2013

Successfully established the call center infrastructure. Set up the telephony project involving TI IVR Infrastructure implementation, adding applications like NICE for voice and screen recordings, integrated seamlessly with Calheers and BPM workflows. Consolidated and streamlined project responsibilities by leading both technical and QA aspects of the application.

QA Technical Lead, Kaiser Permanente 05/2008 – 03/2013

Spearheaded the successful implementation of a new Genesys telephony system across multiple regions. Oversaw the transition from a legacy system to Pega for front-end application development. Managed a cross-functional team and coordinated efforts between onshore and offshore teams.

Education

Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Mysore University, Mechanical Engineering, India

Certificate in Computing for Business, Manawatu Polytechnic, Palmerston North, Wellington, New Zealand

Certifications

Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute 2024
ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management, ITIL 2024
Certified SAFe 4 Agilist, Scaled Agile 2024
Certified ScrumMaster, ScrumAlliance 2018

Technical Skills

Languages & Development Tools: C, Java, Python, SQL, XML, Eclipse, XML Marker, SoapUI, Informatica PowerCenter
Cloud Platforms & CRM: IBM (Bluemix) Cloud, Salesforce, Oracle CRM, Siebel, Oracle Right-Now, Pega PRPC (5.4, 6.1 SP2)
Databases & Data Management: Oracle, Sybase, DB2, SQL-Server, HANA, Crystal Reports, SAP EAM, SAP PI/PO, Data-Power
Enterprise Architecture System & Integration: SAP Basis, SAP Security, SAP PI/PO, SAP ABAP, TIBCO, Service-Bus, Data-Power, REST API, Micro-App, CMR, GCIF, Genesys Cloud CX, Genesys, Avaya, Azure Cloud, AWS Cloud, OKTA, IAM, SSO, MFA, Active Directory & LDAP
OS & Collaboration Tools: MS-DOS, UNIX, SOLARIS, Mainframe/MVS, Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows 10, HP Quality Center/ALM, Jira, Agile Accelerator, Confluence, Octane, MS Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint (PPT), OneNote, Visio, StarTeam, Caliber, SharePoint, Outlook, Teams, Tableau.
Contact this candidate