TED NIEDERECKER
Decatur, Texas ***** 469-***-**** ad8tg2@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/tedniederecker

SUMMARY

An accomplished and solutions-driven project manager / business analyst with a solid background in project management, business transformation, finance, information technology, supply chain management, consulting, and full life cycle ERP implementations. Demonstrated expertise in comprehensively understanding enterprises and executing high-caliber business process transformations to enhance efficiency and drive profitability. Recognized for building productive teams, developing positive relationships, and cultivating strategic alliances. A key contributor to foundational success.

KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Created a global IT strategy for diversified industrial enterprise. Recommended to adopt a single SAP ERP platform, master data and reporting strategy, and harmonize on single chart of accounts, fiscal year, and business processes where possible. Also Identified critical weaknesses which led corporate management to embark on program to radically improve global HQs data center / disaster recovery strategy. Ensured program recommendations were approved by global CEO which led to multi-year transformation.
Revamped web and branding strategies for diverse multinational enterprise. Designed global website template, guidelines, and governance to harmonize and eventually consolidate various regional and business segment websites. Led renaming of business segments to improve corporate brand globally.
Restructured manufacturing and budget operations to improve standard cost accuracy. Eliminated previously unknown margin losses.
Implemented internal controls system where none previously existed. Used transaction flow analysis methodology by external auditor, to define division’s process flows and control points. Created new controls to enable division to pass audit.
Led corporate and auditor sponsored, cross-functional pilot project to implement closed loop manufacturing techniques. Ensured division reduced inventory 61%, improved inventory turnover, and was only division to remain profitable during next industry downturn.
Directed several SAP programs and projects related to integrating enterprise’s numerous business acquisitions. Enabled implementation of shared services for finance, human resources, and IT. Ensured improved management reporting, streamlined operations, and significant cost reduction.
Led six Finance and Supply Chain functional teams, including FI, CO, MM, QM, WM, and product costing, during implementation of SAP ERP for computer peripheral firm. Replaced antiquated back-office systems of enterprise with ERP packaged software enabling better operations and decision support, improved business processes, and lower IT cost.
Valuated proposed acquisition of approximately $100 million. Presented detailed model of economic value of assets to chairman, vice chairman, CFO and external audit partner. External audit partner commended the quality of the analysis.
Participated in cross-functional team to improve product development process.
Led selection process and planned and managed program to implement VoIP phone system across enterprise’s operations in North America, improving customer service, interoffice communication, and lowering costs.

EXPERIENCE

MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC., Dallas, Texas
Senior Project Manager, 2018-2024
Led multiple cross-functional business transformation projects.
Improved maturity of PMO by creating and implementing processes and tools.
Managed replacement of all business processes from JD Edwards to SAP, including transitioning 300 stores.
Oversaw multinational project team to replace store system with new SaaS system across North America.
Received “Integrity” and “IS Development of Others” awards.

UTEGRATION L.L.C., Houston, Texas
Senior Project Manager, 2017-2018
Led SAP-centric business transformation projects.
Oversaw full life cycle projects, including implementation of SAP BPC for capital approval and planning, and implementation of Unicode conversion / service pack upgrade. Finished projects under budget.
Spearheaded RFP response teams of 6+ team members and won opportunities of $20 million.

INFOSYS CONSULTING, Plano, Texas
Principal / Project Manager, 2015-2016
Led business transformation projects utilizing SAP and other technologies.
Oversaw blueprinting for implementation of SAP MDG, IS and DS in Americas.
Conducted system landscape analysis / rationalization, and AI opportunity gathering.

WILLIAM W. RUTHERFORD & ASSOCIATES, Plano, Texas
Senior Consultant, 2015
Led oil and gas client to define data architecture, governance, and management reporting strategy for operations in Southeast Asia and Australia as part of larger multiple work stream business improvement project and SAP implementation.

COMPUTER SCIENCES CORPORATION, Dallas, Texas
Associate Partner / Senior Project Manager, 2014
Led and supported SAP business development pursuits, designing innovative solutions to meet client business needs.
Responded to RFPs, developed win themes, drafted thoughtful project implementation strategies, prepared staffing plans and cost estimates, managed bid approval, oversaw client presentations, and drafted statements of work.
Performed practice development, including SAPPHIRE and SAP joint go-to-market strategies.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

IBM GLOBAL BUSINESS SERVICES, Dallas, Texas, Associate Partner / Senior Project Manager, 2011-2013.
Led and supported business development pursuits, designing innovative solutions to meet client business needs. Responded to RFPs, developing win themes, drafting thoughtful project implementation strategies, preparing staffing plans and cost estimates, bid approval, client presentations, and drafting statements of work. Achieved wins, including A&D client ($8M), CPG client ($13M), and FS client ($120M).

HORIBA INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, Irvine, California, Vice President, Information Technology / Program Manager, 2001-2011. Directed complete IT function, including IT strategy, program / project management, SAP ERP, network administration, communications, security, and budgeting. Led IT staff and contractors to provide world-class support to businesses in North America. Prepared detailed annual budgets, capital spending plans, and strategic plans. Architected global enterprise IT strategy to unify 43 companies in 22 countries, enabling shared services, improving supply chain performance, customer service, and achieving record sales and profit. Reduced IT costs to 2% of sales by successfully transforming business processes, implementing VoIP, etc.

PWC CONSULTING, Irvine, California, Principal Consultant / Project Manager, 1995-2001.
Delivered SAP ERP implementations as large as 217 project staff as project manager, integration manager, and team leader. Provided comprehensive consulting services to IBM, Hyundai Electronics, StorageTek, PetSmart, Universal Studios, General Motors, and other leading corporations. Led detailed business development initiatives. Served on steering committee for Supply Chain Center of Expertise and Integration Center of Expertise. Developed strategic enterprise architecture methodology that aligned business and IT. Received “Walk the Talk” award for leadership.

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, Anaheim, California, SAP Team Lead, 1994-1995.
Led 26 project staff on six teams to complete full life cycle SAP ERP implementation. Reengineered all business processes to maximize use of SAP best practices and to radically improve efficiencies and lower operating costs. Replaced back-office legacy systems with SAP ERP via big bang for all U.S. operations.

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, Anaheim, California, Operations Manager, Supply Chain, 1989-1994.
Directed supply chain operations, including inventory planning, purchasing, and distribution, for $76 million computer peripheral consumables products division. Led staff of 21 employees to achieve peak performance. Managed operations at distribution centers and annual expense budget of $4 million. Transformed departments using analytical and accounting skills to increase productivity and profitability. Prepared strategic new product forecasts, and managed product allocations among customers. Created worldwide supply chain and vendor strategy balancing requirements of cost, product design, quality, lead-time, ease of communications, and flexibility.

LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION, Anaheim, California, Division Controller, Finance, 1987-1989.
Managed operations using balance of operations and financial key performance indicators and continuous improvement methodologies. Provided top-notch financial control for two of company’s fastest growing business units. Prepared numerous comprehensive business plans, forecasts, inventory analyses, and reporting. Cut cycle time to market and improved product quality by developing and implementing cross-functional product design methodology. Developed supplier certification program patterned after Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award criteria.

AMCOR CAPITAL INC., Newport Beach, California, Assistant Corporate Controller, 1984-1987.
Prepared financial projections for limited partnership syndications. Directed MIS operations. Enhanced management reporting by revamping company’s chart of accounts and training division controllers on use. Prepared analysis to value and purchase $100 million of Getty Oil assets, receiving commendation from auditor for quality.

SMITH INTERNATIONAL INC., Tustin, California, Manager, Cost Accounting and Budgets, 1981-1984.
Led all cost accounting and budget activities, including annual budgets, standard costs, month-end analysis, annual physical inventory, and internal control. Supervised three staff. Produced 100% improvement in accuracy of standard costs and reduced manufacturing variances from 100% to 1% by radically re-engineering manufacturing cost and work center structures. Led 60 staff through annual physical inventory. Received commendation from external auditor for management. Created internal controls program based on external auditor’s methodology.

ROCKWELL COLLINS, Costa Mesa, California, Manager, Financial Planning and Analysis, 1980-1981.
Performed FP&A activities, including strategic business plans, annual operating plans, capital spending proposals, and monthly financial analyses for general aviation operation.

ROCKWELL COLLINS, Newport Beach, California, Analyst, Financial Planning and Analysis, 1978-1980.
Performed FP&A activities, including strategic business plans, annual operating plans, capital spending plans, and monthly financial analyses for this A&D operation. Automated processes and shortened reporting cycle time, processes established new benchmark for rest of Electronic Systems Group.

EDUCATION

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Los Angeles, California
M.B.A., Finance and Business Economics
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, IRVINE, Irvine, California
B.S., Biological Sciences

CERTIFICATIONS

Certified Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute (PMI)
Certified Six Sigma Lean Black Belt Professional (LBBP), Management and Strategy Institute (MSI)
Certified Supply Chain Professional (CSCP), APICS
Certified in Integrated Resource Management (CIRM), APICS
Certified ITIL Foundation IT Service Management

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Microsoft Office Suite Microsoft 365 Visio SharePoint Teams OneNote Project Webex Zoom Planview SAP ERP
Contact this candidate