*
JOHN MAINYA WAMALWA
Kenyan +254********* ad8t4f@r.postjobfree.com
Psychologist soccer coach
Proficiency
Teamwork - I have worked collaboratively with colleagues taking up different roles such as project manager, group leader, and team player to achieve organizational goals, I solicit input by genuinely valuing others’ ideas and expertise, with willingness to learn from others placing team agenda before personal agenda.
Professionalism – Knowledge of customer relations, project sustainability, development economics principles relevant to my areas of work. Demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter. Commitment to implementing the goal of gender equality by ensuring equal participation and full involvement of women, and men, in all aspects of work.
Problem solving - I am innovative and I do extensive research to be knowledgeable to come up with best ways to solve any issue.
Leadership - I have good ability to provide strategic oversight and reporting, effective team leadership and a great team player who motivate others to achieve set goals
Communication - I speak and write clearly and effectively. I listen to others correctly interpreting messages from others and responding appropriately. I have a good ability to relay information to different audiences using appropriate tools. Analytical - Working in diverse fields has enabled me to master the ability to apply logical thinking to break complex problems into their component’s parts. SUMMARY strategic thinker, innovative problem solver, and passionate operation Forward thinking coach with 6 years of experience leading teams to success by building athletes’ skills, endurance and teamwork. Observant when leading drills, monitoring plays and guiding practice to address specific needs or issues. Insightful and clear when offering constructive feedback. Committed coach with experience cultivating athletes and developing to maximum potential, expert at planning and overseeing training and practices. Highly knowledgeable in kinesiology, common injuries and recovery process.
History of success coaching of soccer athletes. Smoothly oversees training and conditioning schedules to turn team leading into well oiled machine with consistent wins. Experienced advisor, mentor and program leader. Knowledgeable and skilled athletics professional with 6 years background as successful coach for soccer teams. Spots and improves talent with exceptional knowledge of the rules, regulations and game play of sport. Effortlessly builds up payers into top-notch athletes. Dependable worker equipped for fast-paced work and changing daily needs. Meets needs with attention to detail and hardworking approach. Seeks out opportunities to go beyond basics positively impact the team. Motivated and friendly worker with a flexible schedule and willing to work weekends when needed. Skilled team player with strong background in any environment. Works well independently to handle assignments and always ready to go beyond basic assignments. Quick learner with good computer abilities. Talented coach and dedicated to continuous improvement to keep everything running smoothly. Highly analytical and organized in addressing routine needs and managing unique circumstances.
.
Additional Skills
Clinical assessment, organizational optimization, program management, training, customer relations, creative thinking, multitasking, organization and motivation.
Psychological assessment, treatment coordination, task prioritization, skill building, analytical thinking, problem solving, public speaking and planning.
2
EXPERIENCE
Psychologist\intern Dr. Sebby Wanjala July, 2021 – july 2023
● Managed caseload of several clients with dual diagnoses to determine services required for effective treatment.
● Coordinated effective treatments for disorders such as autism and ADHD.
● Used diagnostic manuals and other reference materials to compare clients’ psychological symptoms with known issues and make accurate diagnoses.
● Facilitated group sessions and delivered effective individual counseling to help clients through routine and complex problems.
● Married knowledge of biology and behavior to develop highly successful treatment approaches.
● Applied psychology expertise to positively impact work environment.
● Participated in seminars and additional training to expand knowledge and skills.
● Helped team complete assignments to meet goals
● Used good organizational skills to manage workload.
● Utilized downtime to perform routine tasks, preventing service delays. Completed required paperwork within anticipated timelines. Peer counselor at pwani university
Responsibilities: Include the following.
• Conduct educational and/or support sessions as directed, using sound recovery and resiliency principles
• Provide education/support services as directed in individual or group settings
• Provide evidence-based self-management trainings as directed for addressing chronic conditions and to promote improved
health
• Plan and lead educational, supportive, recreational or social activities with service recipients as appropriate to the specific
program
• Assist clients in developing recovery goals and formulating steps to attain those goals
• Acquire and utilize Motivational Interviewing skills in the provision of services
• Identify barriers clients have in accessing health services and help clients develop plans to overcome barriers
• Help clients navigate the health care system
• Assist with transportation to service recipients for program-related activities as directed
• Maintain professional relationships with service recipients and with other staff, maintain appropriate interpersonal
boundaries
• Refer service recipients to the appropriate staff for issues that fall outside the scope of peer services
• Provide activities to service recipients in an educational, hopeful, and supportive manner
• Maintain safety in the program environment
• Maintain timely service and program records as required by the State and the agency
• Attend regularly schedule supervision meetings, and attend other meetings and trainings as required by the State the
agency
3
• Other duties as assigned
Soccer coach Director Douglas April 2017-current
Set up games and practice times and communicated details with players
Planned and directed team building activities and exercises.
Organized and maintained sports equipment to keep top-quality gear in stock for players.
Directed team sports activities, including classes, practices and games.
Researched and monitored opposing teams strategies and players abilities.
Recruited, selected and encouraged enrollment of quality athletes.
Analyzed strengths and weaknesses of opposing teams to develop game strategies.
Managed athlete conditioning program to keep team members in prime form.
Taught players rules and strategies to improve performance
Demonstrated safe and effective use of sports and training equipment to minimize injury.
Advised students on team and academic matters to keep athletes compliant with program requirements.
Travelled to sports games and tournaments to evaluate player skills and devise recruitment strategies.
Recommended stretching and mobility exercises to reduce risks of injuries.
Maintained good working relationship with coworkers and management. Social media manager/Nadia Mukami /feb2021-jun 2022
Commented, liked and shared posts to increase visibility and engagement on various social media platforms.
Developed content focused on increasing both brand engagement and revenue.
Created and managed strategic vision and plan for social channels to increase and retain follower engagement.
Created and maintained social media postings and email calendars.
Utilized analytics to drive online advertising and measure message reach.
Monitored content and engagement trends, tested new strategies and communicated with key stakeholders to foster understanding of strategy and improvements. law clerk Under ANO Advocates
Responsibilities
Prepare memoranda and briefs with accurate information on specific cases
Provide assistance prior to and during a court proceeding by preparing for a case and examining the related legal documents
Ensure that related case documents are properly ordered and available
Attend court sessions to listen to and record critical information
Supervise the work and activities of courthouse interns
Maintain and update law libraries, literature and documentation Education
4
Bachelor of Arts, Psychology Dec 2023
Pwani University
Graduated with honors
Secondary education-kcse certificate Nov 2014
Chebuyusi high school
Grade B plain
Languages
English and Kiswahili-fluent
References
1. Dr.Sebby Wanjala
Head psychologist-Matuu Hospital
ad8t4f@r.postjobfree.com
+254*********
2. Coach Douglas
Head coach-play-masters lion Fc
ad8t4f@r.postjobfree.com
+254*********
3. Dalleys Kanoti
Director-Play-masters lion Fc
ad8t4f@r.postjobfree.com
+254*********
4. Edith Miano
Psychology director at pwani university
072*-***-***
+254-***-***-***
Contact this candidate