SRIDHAR PANDA
912-***-**** ad8trt@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sridharpanda
Delivery Manager
Budget & Planning Product Strategy Project/Program Management Quality Delivery Customer Relationship Presentation
Positioning Delivery as a Business Delivery for Excellence Delivery Leader with over 23 years of leadership and hands-on experience in Project Management, Quality Delivery, Customer/ Stakeholders Management,Problem Solving. Presentations, Experience building and expanding teams and managing them throughout different stages of project delivery: from start-up to mature enterprise. Very strong in functional, technical, testing, communication, motivational, and team building skills, focusing on establishing high efficiency and productivity environment within Technology and in correlation with Business strategy / budgeting. Signature Delivery Qualifications
Strategy & Budget Planning & Estimation Change Management Quality Delivery Presentations Team Management Employee Retention Training & Mentoring Communication Analytic’s & Reports Risk Management Customer Relationship Scrum Master Implementation Best Practices Services & Support Disciplined and trust worthy approach that balances business delivery goals with customer expectations. TECHNICAL AND DOMAIN EXPERTISE
Business Domains Exposure:
o Warehouse Management Systems (Supply Chain), eCommerce, Wealth Management Products (Banking, Finance, Insurance, Securities), Telecom, Human Resources Management (HRM), Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC), Sales Force, Health Care, eLearning, DMS, ERP’s – E1, SAP,M2M, PRMS) ETL, Blockchain, Automation, etc
Software Expertise/Skill set/Tools Used:
o Win Runner, QTP, UFT, Selenium, JMeter, Xenu, QATT, TOAD, VSS, CVS, MPP (MS Project), Visio, PMD, JIRA, BugZilla, MS SQL Server, MS Access, HP Quality Center, HP ALM, X TML, Java Scripts, XML, AZURE, Machine Learning, Windows, IOS, Rave tree, Orient DB, Hasura, MiniO, SOAP UI,AWS, PostGre, Jenkins, GraphQL, Jenkins, AWS, GitHub, etc
o
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Synergy Tech LLC, Jacksonville, FL - End Client is BCBS Florida Blue Delivery Manager IT Oct 2022 to Present
Stratergy, Presentations, Budgeting, Estimates, Project Planning, Resource Allocation, Project delivery and conflict management.
Managing multiple Engineering teams for several Florida Blue product organizations with independent, globally distributed development and QA teams in a SAFe Agile environment.
Established, documented, and assured adoption of SAFe Agile practices across multiple levels of Development, QA, and organizations.
Interacting with cross function development teams on the dependicies and delivery.
Increased teams' efficiency by the consolidation of practices and tool sets across products within the organization and by designing Quality KPI’s and standards.
Performed periodic audits of Quality Assurance and Development processes with the goal of assuring that teams are working effectively, and quality is everybody's priority number one.
Set performance expectations and worked with low-performing teams and individuals to improve testing skills and processes.
Establish a strong proactive partnership and processes with product and technology teams to understand roadmaps and ensure the supply of the required technical capabilities across all products
Managed multiple statements of work, Negotiated contracts with vendors and facilitated the on boarding process for offshore testing vendors with vendor management .
Responsible for estimating and producing annual budget.
Recruit new hiring of staff, development of processes and procedures,
Actively participated in all SAFe Agile activities and often played role of Scrum Master.
RippleNami Inc, Cardiff, CA - rMATCH, rCAPTURE, rWAVES, rANALYZE, rBLOCK Manager IT&QA Jan 2021 to Sept 2022
Managing multiple Quality Engineering teams for several RippleNami product organizations with independent, globally distributed development and QA teams in an Agile environment.
Established, documented, and assured adoption of Agile QA testing practices across multiple levels of QA, Dev, and Product organizations.
Developed testing process templates, strategies for manual and automation teams
(QATTS and Security Testing) with the goal of delivering a high-quality product and creating a stable and repeatable testing process with continuous integration.
Increased teams' efficiency by the consolidation of practices and tool sets across products within the organization and by designing Quality KPI’s and standards.
Managed demand for quality resources onshore and offshore to meet project commitments, including the use of third parties and vendor management
Performed periodic audits of Quality Assurance and Development processes with the goal of assuring that teams are working effectively, and quality is everybody's priority number one.
Set performance expectations and worked with low-performing teams and individuals to improve testing skills and processes.
Establish a strong proactive partnership and processes with product and technology teams to understand roadmaps and ensure the supply of the required technical capabilities across all products
Created a budget for the QA organization and set the team and individual goals to deliver a high-quality end-user experience.
Managed multiple statements of work, Negotiated contracts with vendors and facilitated the on boarding process for offshore testing vendors with vendor management .
Slashed payroll/benefits administration costs 30-40% by negotiating pricing, while ensuring the continuation and enhancements of quality services and delivery.
Responsible for estimating and producing annual budget.
Built a new QA department from the ground up, including the hiring of staff, development of processes and procedures, establishing traceability metrics, and implementing testing methodologies in QA and Development.
Managed and actively participated in all Agile Scrum activities and often played role of Scrum Master.
Responsible for test environment & configuration management ThermoFisher, Carlsbad,CA – GDR, EPBCS,ASCP, IXI (Integen X), Apple, Service Marketplace, Advanced BioProcessing QTC,eCommerce Project’s
QA Manager Jan 2018 to Dec 2020
Managed extensive QA efforts for a number of ERP (E1,SAP,PRMS,M2M,etc) projects in the Technology group.
Provided strategic and tactical leadership to a global QA organization and coordinating work of multinational offshore and onshore teams.
Managed day-to-day QA department communications, reporting, performance metrics, and executive summaries in an Agile.
Managed / Lead QA teams across global teams closely for Functional Integration, SIT and UAT test cycles.
Increased teams' efficiency by the consolidation of practices and tool sets across products within the organization and by designing Quality KPI’s and standards.
Significantly improved and enhanced QA execution practices by reviewing test case creation practices, proposing improvements, and reinforcing automation strategy for regression testing and test data creation formalizing UFT automation strategy to maximize execution
Introduced new standards in QA defect management, root cause and impact analysts for defects, and another QA deliverable.
Responsible for review measures meet the acceptancy criteira, standards, objectives, traceability, test ability,Change requests and production release QRB meetings and sign off. Test environment & configuration management Disney, Los Angeles - Ultimate’s Project
Onsite Manager Oct 2016 to Nov 2017
POC for customer and customer team for he requirements and data analysis.Weekly customer meetings
Formalized and implemented a short/long term testing strategy and day-to-day testing activities of onshore and offshore teams in an Agile/Scrum environment
Was personally responsible for analyzing production issues, establishing a route cause, traceability matrix, and further mitigation of issues by enhancing Dev/QA processes and testing coverage
Managed (hands-on) QA transitions from Waterfall to Agile/Scrum process and then from Scrum to Continues Delivery.
Managed and actively participated in all Agile Scrum activities and often played role of Scrum Master.
Supported offshore (India) development and qa teams
Coordinated functional, integration, regression and post production testing of all major production releases.
Responsible for test environment & configuration management Medtech India Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad
Medtech is evaluated as a product and services development organization in the space of Health Care IT Solutions
Sr. Manager Nov 2014 to Sept 2016
Customer Engagement and Account management across Indian customers
Driven and delivered a basket of projects that are key part of Medtech India Product Roadmap
Involved in each stage of product life cycle development and works closely with cross functional teams from pre-sales, market analysis, sales & marketing, design, testing, implementation to support to get customer insights that translates to product enhancements.
Effectively handled key clients/prospects like Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences, Continental, Kalinga Hospitals, Krishna Institute of Medical Science.
Provided excellent Leadership in the areas of Product Delivery, Testing.
Have been instrumental in defining and laying down the processes, procedures and a culture of innovation
Implemented a flavor of Agile processes for successful product delivery Implemented Quality Process for the better quality deliverables
Automation (UFT and Selenium) & Performance Testing (JMeter) Dhanush InfoTech Ltd, Hyderabad
Dhanush InfoTech is evaluated as a product and services development organization in the space of Health Care, eLearning, Human Resources Management, JJ Richards, JM Poles QA Manager and Project Manager Jul 2013 to Oct 2014
Spearheaded the efforts of setting up a focused software testing services unit and grew it to individual service unit
Built a team of technical members from scratch, and led them to success in a high pressure startup environment
Driven and delivered a basket of projects that are key part of Dhanush Product Roadmap
Effectively handled key clients/prospects like HIMS (NWH), IFMIS(DMS), JJR etc.
Provided excellent Testing Leadership in the areas of Product Manual Testing, Automated Testing.
Have been instrumental in defining and laying down the processes, procedures and a culture of innovation
Implemented a flavor of Agile processes for successful product delivery
Implemented Quality Process for the better-quality deliverables
Automation (Selenium) & Performance Testing (JMeter) Cura Technologies Ltd, Hyderabad
Cura Technologies is evaluated as a ‘Visionary’ product development organization in the space of GRC
(Governance, Risk and Compliance Management) Software by Gartner. QA Manager and Services Manager Aug 2011 to Jun 2013
Spearheaded the efforts of setting up a focused software services unit and grew it to revenues of the order of 120,000 USD per annum
Built a team of technical members for Services from scratch, and led them to success in a high pressure startup environment
Driven and delivered a basket of projects that are key part of Cura Product Suite and Cura Product Roadmap
Effectively handled key clients/prospects like Coca Cola, Vodafone (UK, India), Con Edison, Harman etc.
Provided excellent Leadership in the areas of Product definition, Solution and Automated Testing. Have been instrumental in defining and laying down the processes, procedures and a culture of innovation
CONFERENCE TOOK PART IN: GRC Conference 2012, Mumbai and 2013, Abu Dhabi, and UAE High Radius, Hyderabad
HighRadius empowers corporations to modernize receivables in order to lower Days Sales Outstanding
(DSO), minimize write-offs, and reduce operating expenses. We offer two product lines as well as implementation services. Receivables OnDemand is a cloud-based suite of solutions that automates and improves cash application, invoicing, and credit, collections, and deductions management. HighRadius Accelerators are certified solutions for SAP that enhance the automation available in the Receivables Management modules and reside natively in the application. We provide the most highly specialized expertise in SAP Receivables Management (formerly FSCM) and offer services to implement or optimize each of its modules.
QA Manager Oct 2010 to Jul 2011
Responsible for driving QA activities like quality delivery, People Management, Customer meetings.
Responsible for all Products reporting, metrics collection and reporting, Products risk identification, mitigation and reporting and overall successful delivery.
Managing Support teams for the customer change requests and escalations.
Effectively handled key clients/prospects like Adidas, vTech, Carolina Pad, D&H, Coleman, Intuit, etc.
Built a team of QA members for Services from scratch, and led them to success in a high pressure startup environment
Virtusa Ltd, Hyderabad
QA Consultant / Associate QA Manager Mar 2010 to Aug 2010
Effectively handled key clients/prospects like British Telecom, JP Morgan Chase, Aetna, Metavante etc.
Understanding various Business Specification documents
Allocation of work and tracking
Tracked defects using ‘Quality Center’ tool
Retesting and Regression testing on newly released builds.
Database, XML testing
CIT support for ADLI UII
Participation in daily, weekly status calls with stake holders
QA POC for one of Virtusa location and handled 75 QA resources for that location
Active QA participant in all QA activities, Trainings and meetings
Automation (QTP)
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Master of Science and Technology, Andhra University
Application Developer in IT & Software Engineering
ISTBQ-ISEB Certified Software Test Manager
ISTBQ-ISEB Certified Tester
Certified Scrum Master® certification with high grade
SAFe Agile Certified
Contact this candidate