Phone( Jordan) +962-*********
Email: ad8tkk@r.postjobfree.com
Phone( Jordan) +962-*********
Email: ad8tkk@r.postjobfree.com
Baker Shaheen
Summary
I am holding a master’s degree in Networking, with over 18 years of experience in the field of networks, project management and team management. My experience is diversified, with a touch of specialty. Networks and Infrastructure are my specialty, but I have worked as an Engineer, network designer, as Project Manager, and as Team Manager.
Speaking 4 languages including English, Arabic, Russian and Ukrainian gives me an advantage dealing with various colleagues and end users.

Objective

Seeking a challenging senior position in the fields of Network Infrastructure, computer and servers’ maintenance in a company where my skills will be utilized to the fullest extent and recognized with potential for advancement.
Education
2002-2003: National Airspace University, Ukraine-Kharkov
Master in Engineer In Network and Computer Systems

1997-2002 National Airspace University, Ukraine-Kharkov bachelor’s degree (BSC) In Network and Computer Systems

Professional Experience

(Al Fayha Center) and (Al Ballad center) (Amman, Jordan)
Dec 2023 – Present –Implementation Manager Electrical & Network
Implement as built drawing and design contains all the electrical and IT network functionalities.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Manage the Installation of all the network equipment functionalities.
Manage the Installing of all electrical works in all the center’s floors and areas.
Manage the installation of the UPS and the network cabinets.
Provide the appropriate installation, maintenance, and monitoring of Electrical and network systems.
Performs camera validations, cable labeling, floor plan mapping, and other inventory activities for all life safety system devices.
Provide the proper implementation of the Low current Systems to avoid and resolve any occurring problems.
Prepares and submits all work reports, weekly reports, work orders, and related documents.
Lamis Detergent Company - Turi Plant (Amman, Jordan)
Dec 2022– Nov 2023 - Senior Electrical and Network Consultant
Guarantee network functionality and all electrical constructions and installation equipment in the plant to a high standard and meet the national regulation with high performance.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Defining the technical requirements and feasibility of a project
Monitor Building or repair fixed electrical installations.
Complying with the National Grid and other regulators and managing grid connections
Negotiating with designers, engineers, contractors, and suppliers
Overseeing several aspects of a project at the same time electrical, low current and networking
Optimizing network security, as well as documenting network installation and maintenance processes.
Resolving any issues or delays.

Eagle Hills and The St. Regis Amman (Amman, Jordan)
Jan 2020 – Dec 2022 – Project Manager - Electrical & Network
overseeing the design, installation and supply of electrical systems and network. allocate time, resource and budget, as well as manage staff to ensure work is completed on time, to a high standard.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Defining the technical requirements and feasibility of a project
Outlining timescales, costs and resources needed to design and deliver an electrical operation project.
Leading a multi-disciplinary project team
Making sure the work follows strict health and safety guidelines.
Ensuring each stage of the project happens on time, on budget and to a high standard.
Sharing regular progress reports with the client and stakeholders
Inspects and coordinates work performed to ensure projects meet scope of work, project specifications, and guideline requirements.

W Amman Hotel (Amman, Jordan)
Jan 2017 – Dec 2019 - Chief Engineer
Construct, install and implement all the network jobs and all the electrical works in all the locations at the hotels and make sure that meet all the standards.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Constructing the electrical systems for hotel rooms and common areas according to the design – lighting, switches, outlets, telephone outlets, fire detectors, etc.
Fabrication, supply, installation and connection of the hotel electrical switchboards – central electrical switchboard, floor panels, terminal electrical panels in the hotel rooms, bars, restaurant, kitchen, reception, etc.
Construction of backup power supply with diesel generator and UPSs to the entire hotel or separately – to part of the consumers.
Building emergency systems for the safety of guests and staff – fire alarm and emergency notification
Construction of own transformer substation and site networks
Supply, adjustment and installation of equipment for computer networks and internet, telephone, television and satellite systems.
BMS systems for intelligent heating and ventilation control to reduce energy costs.
Network Audit for Handover of the site.
May 2014- December 2016 - Free Lance Network Consultant ( Dubai, UAE)
Worked on various private and public projects. Consultancy assignments included:
Duties & Responsibilities:
Designing and building infrastructure required for specific projects, including setting, and configuring advanced servers.
Establish IT security Policy and related procedures.
Conduct site surveys for wireless networks.
Design maintenance policies and procedures for various businesses.
Knowledge Horizon (Amman, Jordan)
May 2006 – April 2014 - IT Network Manager
Design, implement, and manage network infrastructure, including components including switches, routers, the installation of additional servers and support every aspect of network systems and subsystems.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Established an IT security policy and support procedures that define the security goals of the company.
Evaluate and maintain products (PC, Servers Routers, software.).
Responsible for all project management regarding infrastructure implementations.
Audit network to ensure that security policy is being enforced appropriately.
Infrastructure research and development.
Installing Servers Operating systems
Help disk supervisor.
Ensure best performance for learning management system and virtual learning environment.
Responsible for full operation servers and related functions to e- learning systems at the company.
Ministry of Education (Amman, Jordan)
March 2004 - March 2005 - Technical Engineer (Limited Contract)
Manage, maintain, and repair IT systems include diagnosing and repairing faults, resolving network issues, and installing and configuring hardware and software.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Install and configure Cisco switches and routers in multi-protocol inter networks using LAN and WAN interface.
TCP /IP configuring IP addresses create deferent classes of IP addresses and sub netting.
Providing a first level of support to end users.
Providing second level of support for end users and servers
Installing Servers Operating systems
Managing Users Active directory
Backup operations and restore critical servers.
Grand Amman Municipality
Dec 2003 – March 2004 - Technical Support
Monitor and maintain the computer systems and networks of an organization and provide technical support to all users.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Structure cabling design, implementation, and termination for network.
Support all local area network hardware and software including servers, network nods, terminal and other device at the municipality and division level needed.
Evaluate local area network hardware and software requirements and capability.
Reporting problems and tasks on the computer help desk software.
Additional professional activities

2019 Dead Sea and Petra hotels
Handled various tasks including:
Installation of Data center for WSI.
Installation of Servers and connecting IT network for Bein Sport Company.
Inspection and upgrade the data cabins at Marriot hotels in Petra and Dead Sea area as well as installation of “Third Generation” Google Caste systems in Petra.
March 2005 - Nov 2005 Al ARZ Company
I worked as a Network and Computer Maintenance Engineer.
November 2005 – April 2006 RAMS Schools
Worked as a computer and network maintenance Engineer.
Queen Rania Center.
Worked on Edu wave Program: Network connection & join schools with
CEB Company
Performed private work with to instruct Network for medical centers all over the Kingdom of Jordan.
Ministry of trade and industry.
Performed private work to instruct Network

Skills

Excellent knowledge of electricity infrastructure and maintenance.
Good experience of network caballing structuring maintenance and termination.
Cisco Technologies.
Networking securities.
Good experience in computer and laptop maintenance.
Networking Administration.
E- learning systems.
Professional memberships
Member of Jordan Engineers Association since 2003.
Languages
Arabic
English
Russian
Ukranian
References
Reference is available upon request
Personal Information
Marital status: Married
Nationality: Jordanian
Date of Birth:11/11/1979
Contact this candidate