Greg M Alley
Gilbert, AZ 480-***-****
LinkedIn URL ad8tsn@r.postjobfree.com
Project/Operations Manager
Project Administration Financial Management Process Management
Seasoned manager with a history of success in all facets of project controllership, including strategic management, leadership, process auditing/improvement, coordination of ongoing changes in targets, and problem solving to achieve company goals under strict deadlines. Adept communicator who effectively collaborates with superiors, co-workers, business leaders, vendors, IT, and customers to optimize company processes.
Quality Assurance / Auditing
Contracts
MS Office/Project/Visio/ADO
ERP/CRM
Change Management
Emotional Intelligence
Process Management
Agile - Scrum – Six Sigma - Lean
Training
Process Improvement
MDM data management
OMD – Oracle - Clarity
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
APS, Phoenix, AZ 2021 – Current
CRM Project Manager/Scrum Master, Nov – Current
Lead Project Manager for Cyber Security/ISSO Security Technology Group.
Managed Identity Access Management RFP and integration, including Network Security Vulnerability enhancements while adhering to Federal CIP and NERC regulations and processes.
Organized and facilitated Agile daily and weekly scrum ceremonies.
Wells Fargo, Phoenix, AZ 2018 – 2021
EPMO Project Manager 6, Aug – Nov
Lead Project Manager for Risk/Fraud Business Operations Group.
Managed end to end Application updates and development interfacing with multiple business entities and their Application Technology teams.
Governance of the development & Test activities for Regulatory and Compliance engagement on the Financial network platforms and facilitating overall project planning, funding, task engagement/completion, and financials of business-initiated projects and programs.
Schedule and hold weekly status meetings and report out to both Business and IT stakeholder management on the status of each task, Risk assessment, Issue dependencies, and overall Project implementations.
Facilitate the test planning strategy, and monitor according to Requirements Traceability Matrix.
Coordinate communications and work streams for multiple business unit, and application design and development strategies through-out the lifecycle of projects.
American Express, Phoenix, AZ 2018 – 2018
PMO Project Manager, Jan – Aug
PMO PM Lead for Network Governance change requests.
Monitor and manage cross-organizational budget and project expenditures to align with annual funding allocations.
Governance of the development/Test activities for the financial network platforms and facilitating the Sizing request between the requestor and Technologies.
Identifying the Issues and Risks early in the cycle by facilitating the governance call with the stake holders.
Utilize technology tools such as Clarity, Rally, SharePoint and internal Amex Communication tools
Change Management lead assigned to partner with business and engineering to discuss viability of requested financial network changes, while monitoring compliance to all global governmental and regulatory laws.
Maintain Network Metric data by functional platform to provide weekly reporting to senior leadership.
RICOH AMERICAS CORPORATION, Tempe, AZ 2005 – 2017
Department/Project Analyst manager, 2015 – 2017
Led detail Process Mapping and Analysis sessions while collaborating with Subject Matter Experts and document custodians to outline best practices and store in corporate knowledge site.
Created and implemented Master Data Management policies and procedures that improved functionality and efficiencies throughout cross-functional platforms.
Created and facilitated the Communication of system and process changes to all global divisions affected by ERP data changes utilizing SharePoint, email, project collaboration portals, and internal RWorld communication platform.
Partnered with IT through SDLC and cross functional team members to develop and initiate system enhancements through documented Change Management practices that resulted in a 50% reduction in needed headcount while also realizing a 40% increase in department response time.
Utilized strong functional Oracle 11i, 11.1, and R12 Oracle knowledge to streamline data reliability for cross-functional departments.
Project Manager, Business Process Management, 2011 – 2015
Facilitated company process standardization as project lead after acquisition of IKON Office Solutions, utilizing Six Sigma DMAIC process methodology.
Collaborated with IT and cross functional team members to develop and initiate system improvements (SDLC), facilitating increased system and process efficiency.
Lead cross-functional ERP system integration and migrations following acquisition of multiple companies.
Created internal and external communications plans consisting of new processes and procedures, training materials, internal company announcements, customer communications, and regular corporate board update presentations.
Led system conversion Project for all facets of business for contract billing/setup, depot repair, install base, meters, internal federal compliance, and COSO auditing, Including requirements gathering, QA testing, rollout, and post project support.
Led system automation project that reduced the processing time of sales-to-cash workflow from an average of 28 to 7 days while reducing necessary headcount by 60%.
Sr. Analyst, 11i BPM Team, 2009 – 2011
Ensured consistent process standardization after company acquisition of Lanier Worldwide.
Analyzed data and processes to provide matrix leadership to 260 managers, contract/billing associates, IT support and other company employees.
Optimized customer billing experience and internal response times by creating and implementing new reporting mechanisms, while identifying KPI’s for on time billing and critical customer measurements.
Created training curriculum for legacy employees to facilitate a more efficient customer experience during the transition to new company system.

Project Manager, IKON Integration team, 2008 – 2009
Directed cross-CCC team to plan and apply national Ricoh DMS quality process utilizing accepted change management.
Led team of 24 to achieve project cleansing and support goals in preparation for Ricoh acquisition.
Collaborated with IKON and Ricoh senior management team to establish go-forward support structure and process.
Billing Manager, Cycle Assurance Team, 2007 – 2008
Developed and implemented internal Audit processes that resulted in a 99% COSO pass rating during fiscal years 2007 and 2008.
Managed staff of 20 billing agents to create and comply with customer billing contracts.
Eliminated $2.5M in annual revenue loss by identifying and removing gaps in contract setup process.
Coordinated with process management to increase efficiency and functionality of processes.
Submitted and implemented requirements/design for automatic audit report creations.
Billing Manager, Rocky Mountain Oracle Transition, 2005 – 2007
Directed daily billing operations, partnered with marketplace management deescalate issues, perform root cause analysis, and optimize billing process.
Led team of 14 to manage 22K assets worth $5.2M in monthly revenue in the Rocky Mountain Marketplace.
Created and ushered in local Oracle Sarbanes-Oxley controls, delivered monthly test samples to internal audit.
CAREER NOTES
Owned and supervised automotive repair shop employing 10 workers in Mesa, Arizona from 2002-2006. Employed as team leader with AT&T in Mesa, Arizona from 1994-2000. Served as Repair/Communications, Corporal, and Squad Leader with the United States Army from 1989-1992 in Fort Irwin, CA.
CREDENTIALS
Scrum Master Certification, SMC, 595085
Agile Master Certification, 620257
SSYB, 585533
Contact this candidate