Mphenyi Ndlovu
ad8t5b@r.postjobfree.com 081******* Johannesburg https://www.linkedin.com/in/mphenyi-ndlovu-74696bb3/
Education
University of South Africa Johannesburg
NQF LEVEL 5 IN PROJECT MANAGEMENT January 2023 – December 2024

Graduate institute of financial sciences Johannesburg
NQF LEVEL 5 CERTIFICATE IN SHORT-TERM INSURANCE January 2020 – December 2020

University of KwaZulu- Natal Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu- Natal
BSC IN HYDROLOGY AND SOIL SCIENCE February 2013 – Novermber 2017

Work Experience
Project Coordinator Johannesburg
Mentorship Program
01 September 2023 – Present
Assisting the project manager in the development of project management documents such as project budgets, project schedules, scope statements and project plans
Executing project management administrative and bookkeeping tasks such as managing invoices, purchase orders and inventory reports, among other financial documents
Supervising the project procurement process
Assisting and supporting project managers with tasks such as the development of standard operating procedures, compiling documents and making appointments
Tracking, analyzing, and communicating project liabilities and opportunities.

Transunion Johannesburg
REP II, MEMBERSHIP AND RECREDENTIALING 01 June 2022 – Present
Render recommendation on membership approval/declination based on predefined parameters and established procedures/rules.
Primarily responsible for gathering and validating the necessary documentation and communicating with the sales teams and/or the customer to make a final decision on approving or declining membership.
Conduct performance of due diligence verifications
Verification of GLBA permitted use and general business certifications against business norms.
Verification of intended use of services and or products requested.
Validation via Third Party tools and or resources.
Verification of applicant’s federal, state, city/municipal and other government regulatory requirements
Verification of applicant’s business legitimacy Adherence to TransUnion/TRADS policies regarding credentialing
Chubb Johannesburg
MULTINATIONAL OPERATIONS SUPPORT 01 January 2022 – 30 April 2022
Issuing of Casualty, Property, D&O and Marine policies interms of MAX instructions, Max workflow management.
Premium bookings, policy and endorsement issuance, invoice issuance and query resolution across CHUBBSA multi-national servicing business.
Maintain the agreed operational framework, processes and KPA’s ensuring a consistent quality service on multi-national business.
Finance and CCQ resolved within a reasonable time/ Booking and invoice issuance to occur prior to the MAX deadline.
Conduct monthly peer reviews within the required time frames in PQAP system, in accordance with the Quality Assurance Framework.
Chubb Johannesburg
OPERATIONS ADMINISTRATOR (A&H) 02 February 2020 – 31 December 2021
Assist underwriters by providing customer centric, quality operational services to internal and external clients:
Timely & accurate WorkView management and filling
Submission management, premium booking, policy and endorsement issuance across, renewal and endorsement processed measured by audits & Audits.
Manage the full monthly processes of services provider payments
Generate invoices and cheque requisition from master report and hand over to finance/ service providers.
Any other ad duties by the operations manager
Teamwork and assisting other team members. A
d hoc projects required for underwriting and audits
Telesure (dialdirect) Johannesburg
RETENTIONS CONSULTANT 15 November 2018 – 28 June 2019
• Outbound calls Campaign promotions Customers service Administration Worked on revenue targets per day

Skills
Microsoft Office Suite: MS Power Point, Excel, and Word
Salesforce: CRM
Analytical and report writing: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong report writing and communication skills.
Lean Six Sigma: Six Sigma Foundation
Project management: Project Management Foundations: Risk,
Agile Foundation: Agile methodologies and Agile projects management
Microsoft: Microsoft Projects
Contact this candidate