MARC TERESI
ad8tnn@r.postjobfree.com 678-***-**** Mableton, Ga. 30126

Summary
HERO! Cost-conscious Construction and Civil Engineering Leader with outstanding track record. Mission Critical thinking and performance to anticipate needs of the team above and below me. Extensive experience in commercial industrial infrastructure to M.E.P. site development. Diligent, diplomatic and inspirational cheerleader with solid leadership, organizational and decision-making skills focused on delivering exceptional value to customers with high-quality and safety construction trainer. Fall arrest trainer. Testing and installation Trainer. YES, I CAN! Ask me to solve your problems and you can go on VACATION!

Skills
Construction Management
Project Management
Bidding & Estimating
Cost Savings
Team Training & Development
OSHA 30 Safety Requirements
P&L Responsibility
Commercial/Industrial State General Contractor License Qualifier
Procurement
Contract Negotiation
Installations & Testing
SRM/Sap Expertise
Stakeholder Management
Cross-Functional Collaboration
Patented Inventor
Business Strategy Expert
Mentoring

Experience

SR. CPM/SME/Consultant(P/T) 01/2023-Present
M Towers LLC/AFF Installations
Managing Tesla EV charging for AFF and ChargePoint etc. for M Towers. Also managing Zayo hub and Data Center renovation for M Towers. Included demo, power distribution, new transformer, hvac and all equipment installation. Daily reporting, commissioning, testing and integration as required. Change orders processed, redlining, as-builts, procurement and close outs.

Sr Project Manager 08/2022-01/2023
T-Mobile
SR. backup to SR.CPM’s for Cleveland, Ohio market. Perform fiber, power walks and GC layout walks as needed. Create B.O.M.’s and issue change orders. Supervise field construction and track all sites pre, during and post construction. Act as S.M.E. whenever needed. Inspect contractors and subcontractors and issue site corrections both verbally and in writing as needed. Report progress to management on daily meeting and update team wide tracker reports. Supervise safety daily.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR 03/2019-08/2022
M Towers LLC
Acquire new clients, Enersys, Dish Wireless, Etak etc. Scope, estimate and bid new projects. Project managed awarded projects for T-Mobile, A.T.&T, Verizon, and Dish Wireless. Re-designed and partnered in U.S .patent for precast equipment pad. Pulled permits and created private Wi-Fi networks throughout the S.E. states. Supervise safety daily.

SR.CPM 09/2018-03/2019
Infinity Construction.
Managing and developing T-Mobile Greenfield sites from start to finish. Acquire permits construct and close including all change orders. Write Bom and purchase materials. Hire subcontractors. Customer facing T-Mobile Sr. PM. Included fiber and power walks with utilities. Coordinate, commission, integrate and close out. Hand over to Ops on air. Punch deficiencies as needed.

President/General Manager
01/2004 – 09/2018
Teresi Works Inc.
Spearheaded the development and forming of the company with a $3M+ P&L responsibility, delivering exceptional client experiences through hands-on leadership of contractors and construction crew, grew annual revenue from $150K to $2.2M in less than 3 years.
Facilitated all construction projects for Ruby Collins/Reynolds in collaboration with the VP and President, replacing two minority firms in the restoration of 77 downtown streets in Atlanta, GA and winning bids for several smaller public bonded projects with the State of GA. and smaller cities. Including waterline, sanitary, storm, fiber, power and road widening. My hand-picked and mentored in house demo, grading, utility and concrete paving crew outperformed all others in quality and efficiency!
Developed a skills rating system to incentivize improved performance through cash bonuses and achievement-based raises, training employees to optimize equipment workflow and installations leading to a quicker cut over and reduced labor hour costs by 50%.
Wrote safety procedures to limit daily work hours to 12 hours a day and implemented new equipment upgrades at all construction sites to mitigate risk for the installation crews.
Developed 100+ U-verse sites for AT&T, Mobile, Sprint, Verizon2G, 3G and 4G wireless from inception to completion, partnering with engineering and coordinating with vendors and contractors to align timelines while overseeing RF design, site acquisition and facilitating equipment purchasing, successfully remained under budget and achieved a 98% on-time project delivery rate during tenure.
Developed American Tower Greenfield sites from curb to tower top! 30 feet down to 300 feet up!
Construction Manager
01/2008 - 01/2012
Goodman Networks
Oversaw $5M+ in contract change orders in conjunction with AT&T RF Engineering to improve signal quality, resolving issues during construction and commissioning phases to maintain tight schedules and budget levels, saved AT&T an estimated $3.5M in lost customer revenue
Managed multiple construction crews and contractors under the 3G build for 300+ sites, monitoring daily construction and evaluating project progress, contract compliance and safety.
Assigned 24 damaged sites with direct reporting to AT&T senior management, partnering with engineering and coordinated with vendors and contractors to align timelines, phases and work to be performed across projects or shutdowns.
Trained construction crews in the use of tailgate safety and green field installations, AC power meter and distribution panels, DC plants, site grounding and concrete pad installations with BTS cabinets., successfully reported zero safety accidents during tenure.
Appointed as Liaison and go-to contact by Regional Ops Manager over all three companies (Ericsson, A.T.&T. and GNET), serving as a valuable information resource by coordinating tenant's work, participating in meetings, resolving disputes and coordinating project punch list, resulted in $10M+ in gross revenue for GNET through streamlined work processes.
Construction Project Manager
01/2006 - 01/2007
T-Mobile
Planned, organized and managed crews and subcontractors for the Los Angeles market site construction through expert communication and handling of work orders and purchase orders.
Established relationships with construction manager and contractors to align priorities, goals and objectives.
Negotiated the permitting and inspection process and with vendors while accompanying A&E to determine site selection and verify safety standards. .
Construction Project Manager
01/2004 - 01/2006
Alcoa Wireless
Construction Project Manager
01/2002 - 01/2004
HGD/Boykin
Construction Manager
01/2000 - 01/2002
LCC International
Project Manager
01/1994 - 01/1996
Alta Pacific

Interests
Certified in Honeywell controls
OSHA 30 Certified
State of California General Engineering license #484538
State of Georgia Underground Foreman's License #UF204356
State of Georgia Underground Contractors license #UC300910
State of Tennessee Commercial/Industrial License Qualifier
NASCLA General Contractar Comercial/Industrial Qualifier
Contact this candidate