Robert L Edwards
Cell: 614-***-**** • ad8tmh@r.postjobfree.com • https://www.rledwards.com/
Wesley Chapel, Florida 33543
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/robert-edwards-tampa-fl/

Information Technology Professional

Experienced IT Professional with track record of building strong, successful, collaborative, and effective teams that enhance the customer/user experience and deliver quality on-time results
Career Profile
Managed projects in Application Development, IT Infrastructure Service Delivery, Release Management, Information Risk Management, Vulnerability Management, Technology, Process Improvement, and HealthCare.
Demonstrates exemplary responsibility by effectively leading complex IT projects, ensuring timely delivery within budget, and cultivating collaborative, high-performing teams.
Delivered solutions and daily support to meet the long-term needs of the project portfolio to ensure projects are completed within the estimated timeframe and budget schedules.
Worked closely with application managers, subject matter experts, software engineers, business units, operations, security teams, Risk Management and vendors to manage the delivery of new applications, application enhancements and innovations.
Assumed total leadership and responsibility for projects and managed escalations, issues and concerns to ensure they were managed appropriately and incorporated into project scope, as needed. Delivered solutions and daily support to meet the long-term needs of the project portfolio to ensure projects are completed within the estimated timeframe and budget schedules.
Successfully led onshore/offshore development teams, providing strong project management, process controls management, customer support and communications. (Project Manager, Scrum Master).
Successfully and efficiently managed large team of business analysts on difficult and complicated corporate-wide centralized security access project with tight timelines and high degree of ambiguity (Sr. Project Manager).
Provided effective and efficient leadership to deliver a very high-profile Vulnerability Management web application on time and under very tight timeframes. (Project Manager)
Core Competencies
SAFe Certified (SSM®)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM®)
Project Management (Waterfall)
Excellent Problem-Solving Skills
Release Management
PMI-CAPM Certification Candidate
Tools Used: Azure DevOps, Jira, Confluence, Trello, Basecamp, MS Project, Wrike, Clarity, Excel, PowerPoint, VersionOne/Digital.ai, Smart Sheet
Certified Product Owner (CSPO®)
IT Infrastructure Service Delivery
DevOps/AWS
Agile/Scrum/SAFe/Kanban
High Personal Work Standards
Leadership Experience
Online Portal App Development
Process Improvement Microsoft Software Suite
Certified Agile Coach (ICP-ACC®)
Leader/Mentor/Coach
Change/Problem Management
AGILE SPRINT CEREMONIES: Backlog Refinement, Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective
Strong Data Analytical and PM Skills in Planning, Reporting, etc.
Technology Leadership Results
Developed and implemented processes, procedures, and controls in an unstable and uncontrolled computing environment to transform the operational aspect of my team from being reactive to being proactive in day-to-day BAU support
(Sr. Project Manager)
Instrumental in designing and implementing infrastructure solutions resulting in greater capacity, reliability, and performance for large heavily used worldwide data warehouse (Project Manager)
Established key reporting for senior management to improve overall quality of service delivered to our clients (Scrum Master/Project Manager)
Led multiple Scrum Teams in Backlog Refinement, Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective

Education / Certifications
Franklin University Columbus, Ohio B.S. Information Technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 2006 – May 2011
Greek Honors: Summa Cum Laude – GPA: 4.0
Certified Scrum Master (CSM®). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . March 2021 – Exp. Mar 2025
Agile Coach Certification (ICAgile). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . June 2023
Scrum Fundamentals Certified (SFC®). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . July 2023
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO®). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . November 2023
SAFe Scrum Master (SSM®). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . February 2024
Microsoft Project Management Professional Certificate. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . July 2024
IBM DevOps and Software Engineering Professional Certificate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . July 2024
IBM Python for Data Science and AI. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . July 2024
PMI-CAPM. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In-Progress
IBM Machine learning with Python & AI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In-Progress
Professional History
Independent Consultant (Available for New Opportunities) October 2023 – Current
Robert L Edwards Tampa, FL
●Senior Project Manager/Scrum Master/App Developer: Extensive experience with multiple methodologies, leveraging AI to revolutionize efficiency and innovation for smarter, faster, and cost-effective solutions.
Scrum Master / Project Manager July 2023 - September 2023
DTCC Tampa
●Team Player: Fast on-boarding in preparation of adding value to the team.
●Unified Teams: Implemented a process by which a single JIRA board could be used for multiple teams, thus optimizing workflow and enhancing cross-team collaboration.
●Worked with a peer team in assessing Risk Management related to using 1 Jira board for multiple project teams
●Performed a Vulnerability Management to see if using 1 Jira board for multiple project teams created any unfavorable outcomes.

Scrum Master / Project Manager April 2023 - June 2023
Blue Cross Blue Shield Minneapolis
●Managed Multiple Projects: Successfully handled multiple projects in an Agile environment, ensuring effective communication and collaboration between teams and stakeholders.
●Provided Scrum Master support: Managed 3 separate Jira boards for the Affordable Care Act program.
●Delivered Project Management Support: Organized productive meetings, facilitated team communications, updated project plans, and managed RAID (Risks, Assumptions, Issues, Dependencies) for a large team.

Scrum Master / Project Manager October 2021 - March 2023
PoolCorp Covington
●Agile Integration: Introduced Agile/Scrum/Kanban methodologies and processes to support 3 development teams, facilitating a successful transition to SAFe (Scaled Agile Methodologies).
●Cross-Border Collaboration: Directed, coordinated, and managed SAFe (Scaled Agile Methodology) projects, ensuring seamless collaboration between onshore and offshore development teams.
●Led project team for Infrastructure Project that upgraded our version of .Net6 on our backend servers.
●Worked closely with remote team Product Owner to ensure teams are in sync with work assigned to both onshore/offshore developers.
●Leveraged Robust Leadership: Integrated Agile Methodologies with traditional project management practices to enhance cross-functional team collaboration, ensuring consistent, on-time delivery of high-quality projects.
●Backlog Refinement: Implemented efficient Backlog Management strategies to improve task prioritization and increase productivity.
●Managed Multiple Projects: Facilitated communication and collaboration between teams and stakeholders to ensure project success.
●Customer Service Automation: Led a small team in developing a process using Microsoft Power Automate and Forms, streamlining customer data collection for PoolCorp **(Implemented IT strategies to deliver projects on schedule and within budget)**. This system captured customer inquiries via text, stored them in a database, and ensured efficient record-keeping, rapid responses, and proper routing. The process improved efficiency and generated hundreds of leads.

Scrum Master / Project Manager August 2021 - October 2021
HSBC Bank New York
Quick Onboarding: Streamlined compliance team governmental reporting processes.
Provided Overall Support: Ensured adherence to Agile framework and effectively utilized the JIRA toolset.
Maintained Focused Execution: Optimized productivity through Agile methodologies.
Developed/Implemented: Established effective internal controls to monitor project progress and ensure timely completion of Project Manager/Scrum Master duties.

Scrum Master / Project Manager May 2021 - July 2021
M&T Bank New York
Quick Onboarding: Supported People's United Financial acquisition efforts.
Effectively Facilitated Meetings: Demonstrated ability to lead teams to successful completion of complex software development projects through effective meeting facilitation.
Utilized Continuous Improvement Principles: Proactively identified and resolved project impediments using continuous improvement methodologies.
Leveraged Verbal and Written Communication Skills: Facilitated agile meetings, ensuring alignment and informed team members throughout the project lifecycle using established processes, policies, and procedures.
As part of the acquisition of People’s United Financial, worked closely with the transition team to insure a smooth transition.

Scrum Master / Project Manager February 2021 - April 2021
HM Health Solutions Pittsburgh
Worked with both onshore and offshore development teams: Provided direction, coordination, and management for SAFe projects.
Quick onboarding: Supported People's United Financial Acquisition efforts.
Adherence to SAFe implementation and coordination: Collaborated with multiple scrum teams to ensure alignment and success across the project.
Applied ATDD (Analysis, Design, Testing, and Transition) principles: Implemented efficient feedback loops and continuous improvement in the development process.

Scrum Master / Project Manager August 2020 - February 2021
Micro Key Solutions Kissimmee, FL
Implemented Agile/Scrum methodology: Introduced Agile/Scrum practices to streamline project management and development processes.
Implemented Corporate Development Roadmap: Executed a strategic roadmap to align corporate development initiatives with business goals.
Implemented Bug Fix process: Established and optimized a bug fix process to enhance software quality and reliability.
Managed 3 projects simultaneously: Successfully handled Security Systems, Implementation, and New Development projects concurrently.
Risk and Vulnerability: Implemented Risk Management and Vulnerability Management process/procedures to ensure the team can respond quickly should either occur.
Developed Custom Implementation Tracking tool for the team that installed new security systems for the government.
The tool allowed Micro Key management team and me, as their Project Manager, to monitor the up-to-date status of implementations and provide status reports to senior management.
The tool was written in JavaScript on the backend of Wix website where I also developed the front-end view.

Scrum Master / Project Manager July 2019 – July 2020
Health Plan Services, Tampa, FL
Scrum Master/Sr. Project Manager for large scale IT projects delivered to external clients who provide health care options through Affordable Care Act.
Direct, define, implement, and manage projects, their budget, scope, project plan, and technical direction while providing leadership and motivation to project teams and ensuring projects are delivered on time and on budget.
Oversee and collaborate with system engineering teams to design solutions and write functional requirements. Lead the end-to-end implementation process. Guide the client through the Go-Live process.
Managed large client full system decommission, new product development for ACA carriers, and annual ACA renewals (Sr. Project Manager)
Scrum Master for Affordable Care Act changes for 3rd Party Subsidies
Contributor to overall PMO project management process document
Managing multiple projects simultaneously (11+)
Implement both AGILE (Iterative/Incremental) and WATERFALL (SDLC) methodologies as appropriate
Adherence to SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle)

Scrum Master / Project Manager / Program Manager March 2015 - July 2019
IT Works Global, Palmetto, FL
Scrum Master / Project Manager on several large-scale successful projects
Led Domestic and International Marketing Campaigns, Large Corporate Events, Product Development/Launch.
Managed Supply Chain Management projects, as well as Web Development/eCommerce, utilizing Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban, and Agile project management disciplines.
Successful Program Management on high priority projects in new product development and website redesign, requiring high levels of coordination and communication utilizing AGILE and Waterfall methodologies
50+ successful project launches and 3 successful International Annual Conference

Project Manager / Information Risk Manager, VP August 2014 - March 2015
JPMorgan Chase, Tampa, FL
Managed team of 7 Information Risk Business Analysts (4 in India, 3 in US) to coordinate database on-boarding activities utilizing a centralized strategic provisioning and certification tool as part of the top 2 corporate technology projects for centralizing security access administration. Recommended improvements and optimization methods leading to highest performing team in overall group of 5 technical teams.
Working with only 2 experienced staff out of a team of 7, I was able to quickly put into place the much-needed strong project management, process controls management, customer support and communications that resulted in the highest on-boarding metrics the team had seen in 7 months of recorded metrics
Built strong business relationships with largest line of business in Chase for managing and streamlining inbound on-boarding requests
Established training programs to bring the 5 inexperienced staff up-to-speed with 3 of the 4 workflow processes that drive most of the database on-boarding activities
Managed team of 11 Information Risk Business Analysts (3 full-time, 8 contractor) in assisting Corporate and Investment Bank with centralizing security access administration onto corporate standard tools and processes as part of a corporate-wide integrated initiative.
Worked with the largest and most complicated Line of Business in Chase with the largest team on a project to globally centralize access security to external databases.
Performed key high-level roles of Service Delivery Manager/Relationship Manager in support of in-scope infrastructures of applications and databases.
Successful verbal and written communication in ambiguous and changing priorities/direction.

Project Manager February 2014 – August 2014
Nationwide Insurance, Columbus, OH
Provided seamless orchestration of complex learning solution implementations for Human Resources group of Talent, Diversity, and Organizational Effectiveness at a large national insurance company.
Assumed total project management lead responsibilities on highly popular and effective executive earning solution
Used organizational, analytical and people skills to work through ambiguity to bring about solid direction on a highly impactful Effectiveness project and Computer Based Training for information security
Successfully worked collaboratively with subject matter experts and Computer Based Training designers and developers on information security training solutions
Worked closely with senior management and project sponsors in bringing clarity to project scope, problem/opportunity statement, business objectives, key deliverables, and overall timeline on various projects

Independent Consultant, Columbus, OH April 2013 - February 2014
Provided website programming services in Drupal/PHP, Business Analysis, Project Management, SWOT Analysis for IT Operations, site management of small office servers, network, workstations, and printers.
Successfully led team of consultants for a non-profit business in Colorado in performing an operational SWOT Analysis (Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities, Threats)
Successfully led team of programmers on new software development in Drupal/PHP environment
Provided outsourced technology support for non-profit organization in Marengo Ohio

Information Risk Manager / Project Manager, VP May 2011 - April 2013
JPMorgan Chase, Columbus, OH
Managed team of 5 business analysts with a dual-purpose mission, 1) operational support of a widely used Vulnerability Management reporting application for Consumer and Business Banking line of business Information Risk Managers, application developers, and infrastructure support teams and 2) re-design and re-host existing Vulnerability Management application onto new, up-to-date infrastructure and software platform.
Established proactive daily health check monitoring, backups, change controls, and support documentation
Gathered business and functional requirements for handoff to a corporate development team
Managed and executed all phases of the SDLC (other than code development), including creation of training aides, testing scripts, road-show decks, application demonstrations, and executive management reporting as well as overall project management responsibilities

Infrastructure Service Support Analyst Lead/Project Manager, VP May 2008 – April 2011
JPMorgan Chase, Columbus, OH
Service Delivery Manager for Retail Infrastructure Support team (Wintel, AIX, SQL/ORACLE/Sybase/DB2)
Responsible for managing the relationship between application development teams and infrastructure support teams including project management, service delivery initiatives, process documentation, escalation, and service improvement opportunities
Built Service Delivery Management practice for Retail Auto/Student Loan application development teams
Successfully liaised between the infrastructure teams (database/operating system)
Provided executive level monthly reporting
Worked with Program Managers for overall alignment with program delivery timeline

Project Management/Business Analyst Lead, Global Network Services May 2006 – April 2008
JPMorgan Chase, Columbus, OH
Managed team of 5 business analysts with a dual-purpose mission:

Led Innovation and Automation team development of web solutions that performed data trending and analysis for Global Network Services.
Created technical documentation and delivered ad-hoc business reporting services.
Performed Continuous Service Improvement Incident/Problem/Change Management Process/Tools Liaison (ITIL) duties, including support of the team’s Windows Server and SQL Server 2008 environment.
Developed fully automated, data driven website.
Developed various adhoc team automation web applications as required.
Managed Global Technology Infrastructure tools responsible for UAT testing, communication, training, and rollout communication for several Global Service Center releases.
Contact this candidate