Samantha
Riebel
St Paul, MN

952-***-****

ad8tm0@r.postjobfree.com

Experience
SEPTEMBER 2022 – CURRENT
Change Implementation Consultant/Wells Fargo, Minneapolis, MN
Apply project management methodology to facilitate complex implementations of accounts receivable software
Managed data mapping documentation and guidelines to facilitate data integration and ensure accurate data mapping across systems
Develop and deliver training sessions to educate employees on the implementation of the new software and its features
Collaborate with key stakeholders to identify and address potential risks and roadblocks in the implementation process
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify process improvement opportunities and develop solutions to enhance the implementation process
Provide ongoing support and guidance to employees during the implementation timeline
Own process improvement projects, continuous updating and maintaining such processes
Mentor new project managers – provide guidance, training, and assisting with problem solving and decision making
Organizing and managing all customer communications, including meetings, email and phone calls

APRIL 2022 – AUGUST 2022
Implementation Project Manager/PairSoft, Miami, FL
Manage end to end, multiple implementation projects
Deliver software and training of clients in expected timeframe
Handle all communications with clients, continued managing close relationships
Research issues, adapt responses, and resolve any issues
Internal team building
Proven ability to train on multiple different softwares at once
Multi industry knowledge required

JUNE 2021 - FEBRUARY 2022
Implementation Consultant/Project Manager/FieldEdge, Atlanta, GA
Managing timelines of project to deliver product on promised time
Training clients in trades dispatching and financial software
Utilize TaskRay (Salesforce) to track project status
Learn continual changes/updates in software to bring to clients
Run webinars directing usage of new software within the company
Internal training of accounting software integrations (QuickBooks / Intacct)
Become an expert on processes of managing plumbing, HVAC, electrical companies
Write processes and workflows for clients based on their specific needs. Implement these within the parameters of the software

NOVEMBER 2019 – JUNE 2021
Financial Implementation Consulting Analyst/Matrixcare, Bloomington, MN
Build on-going professional relationships with clients
Leading clients in the implementation of EHR system within facilities, financial software
Maintaining project budget. Maintaining a minimum billing utilization rate
Shadow implementations, share notes and suggestions with teammates/leads
Managing training/implementation schedules with multiple clients
Develop plans for additional consulting services/trainings
Be the expert on every aspect of system and available services, certified through senior staff
Manage any additional projects from team/clients as requested
Claims Management: UB/1500s: Proficient in billing requirements for all payers. Medicare/Medicaid/Commercial/Tricare
Data Reporting: Census, AR, Billing Journals
Manage/Adapt Reporting within Power BI

JUNE 2017 – NOVEMBER 2019
Data Reporting Analyst/Peak TPA, Eden Prairie, MN
(PROVIDER NETWORK SPECIALIST, ACCOUNTING ANALYST, HEALTH CARE CLAIMS ANALYST)
Responsible for CMS Reporting / RAPS Reporting
Managing provider preclusion lists for PACE/MLTC/Medicare Advantage Clients
Encounter Data reporting
Audit Provider database/payor information.
Own provider network database (Adding, managing all providers data).
Train Accountant, and additional staff.
Process and pay all claims for a third party payer.
Lead tax preparation work for TPA team. Including creating, filing 1099 forms.
Work directly with assigned Client, handle claims as requested.
Determine if claims are eligible for processing, or require additional information.
Contact providers to answer questions related to claims status.
Write and distribute recoupment letters, related to any overpayment made.
Handle refunds from providers.
Distribute funds back to clients.
Reconcile books (Quickbooks).
Manage Client bank accounts.
Create invoices and pay bills related. Allocating money to correct vendors.
Create reports related to claims, payments, and GL coding.
Write procedures related to any/all processes in accounting and claims analyst role.

MAY 2006 – JUNE 2017
Consumer and Provider Liaison SR/Blue Cross Blue Shield of MN, Eagan, MN
(HEALTH SUPPORT COORDINATOR, INTERPLAN REP SR., SENIOR RECOVERY SPECIALIST, SENIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE)
Handling of inquiries from members, over the phone and through written correspondence.
Assist new Service Representatives in transitioning from training to the service role floor.
Recover funds regarding automotive accident medical claims
High level, technical claim support between other Blue Cross plans.
Claim adjudication and finalization.
Training and workflow writing.
Front end review of Medical Review claims, assigning and reviewing prior authorizations.
Reviewing member and provider appeals and grievances.
Making determinations on claims processing, prior authorization eligibility.
Phone and written correspondence from escalated members.
Handle all lines of business (Commercial/Individual/Medicare/Medicaid) (Self/Fully insured)

Education
High School Diploma/Lakeville High School, Lakeville, MN
Contact this candidate