ROBERT DIRK MATTHEWS
Accomplished Scrum Master Expert in Transformative Change, Team Productivity & Process Optimization Proven Success creating and Optimizing Scrum Teams
Chandler, AZ 480-***-**** ad8uru@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn

SUMMARY

Seasoned Scrum Master with over 15 years of experience leading Agile transformations in renowned organizations like SAP and Western Alliance Bank. Coaching team members in Backlog refinement, Grooming, Daily standups, review sessions, Demos, Kanban, Jira, Retrospectives, and Continuous Improvement. SAFe certified Coach and mentor. Trained Project Owners, Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, Quality Assurance and Technical writers in the most current Agile Methodologies. Sr Scrum Master for 3 scrum teams concurrently delivering functional code every two-week sprint.

KEY COMPETENCIES
●Agile Methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, LEAN)
●Business Analysis & Intelligence
●Risk & Release Management
●Quality Assurance
●Backlog Management & Change Management
●Offshore team Management
●Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
●Continuous Improvement & Process Optimization
●Knowledge Training & Sharing
●Cross-Functional Team Leadership
●Metrics & Performance Tracking

TECHNICAL SKILLS: Zoom, Teams, Asana, Google Suite, MS Office Suite, Workfront PM Software, JIRA,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

COPPERPOINT INSURANCE PHOENIX, AZ
SPO Program Manager & Agile Coach (Contract) Apr 2024 – July 2024

●Spearheaded the integration of Guidewire as the primary ERP system, coordinating multiple workstreams to streamline software deployment and enhance operational efficiency.
●Championed Agile methodologies within the organization, conducting a comprehensive assessment of existing processes and developing a detailed roadmap to implement a full Agile development framework.
●Implemented change management strategies, effectively guiding the organization through process transformations and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
●Delivered thorough status updates and risk mitigation plans to Leadership and the Steering Committee, driving informed decision-making and ensuring project alignment with strategic goals.

GEN TEMPE, AZ
Scrum Master & Agile Coach (Contract) Jun 2023 – Dec 2023

●Trained 20 development onshore and offshore team members in Agile methodologies and created 2 scrum teams to drive CRO, successfully achieving desired workflows within 4 weeks.
●Realized $300,000 in cost savings and a 25% increase in productivity by recruiting and organizing the two scrum teams and other product team members in implementing full Agile ceremonies, and delivering multiple projects ahead of schedule.
●Managed a $2.2 million budget for conversion rate optimization (CRO) and SEO initiatives, ensuring the efficient allocation of resources to key projects and enhancing overall performance.
●Expanded Agile coaching to the marketing team, introducing Kanban methodologies to optimize project tracking and completion, thereby integrating Agile practices across diverse functional units.

WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK PHOENIX, AZ
Agile Coach, Scrum Master & Program Manager Oct 2021 – Feb 2023

●Delivered ~$250,000 in cost savings and a 60% increase in completed account openings by consolidating three disparate processes into a unified application, completing four major projects within six months.
●Enhanced process efficiency by 30% by developing and implementing Agile procedures and policies, streamlining the enterprise project management office (EPMO) processes, and securing executive buy-in across teams.
●Managed a $21,000 monthly operating budget and supported 4 project managers in executing assigned programs, ensuring alignment with Agile frameworks and scaled methods.
●Cultivated strong relationships with IT development teams and vendors, facilitating the successful propagation of software solutions and fostering collaboration across functional areas.
●Applied the Prosci ADKAR change management process to assess scope, risks, timelines, and expectations, ensuring effective integration and communication with internal bank teams.

SAP PHOENIX, AZ
Scrum Master, Agile Coach & Development Manager 2007 – 2021

●Facilitated the transition of 50+ onshore and offshore team members from waterfall methodologies to Agile by establishing 5 Scrum teams, leading ceremonies, advising key roles, and providing targeted training, resulting in improved team efficiency and project delivery.
●Enhanced communication by 75% across 20 global Scrum teams through the implementation of a “scrum of scrums” strategy, focusing on retrospectives and continuous improvement to optimize team collaboration and effectiveness.
●Trained 250 associates in Agile methodologies, coordinating 20 teams across the US, India, and Germany, and improving overall productivity and effectiveness in a 54-person team by transitioning from waterfall to Agile methodologies.
●Scrum Master for 3 scrum teams for 6 years, focused on all agile ceremonies and delivered high quality software in quarterly deliveries. Trained, coached and mentored to gain more skills and higher productivity.
●Drove $120 million in gross sales over 3 years by delivering quarterly updates to functional retail software for 30+ clients, enhancing software performance and client satisfaction.
●Achieved up to $10 million in global software sales annually through 4 quarterly releases, leveraging the efforts of 30 staff across 3 Scrum teams, and overseeing key Agile practices.

EDUCATION

PMI PHOENIX CHAPTER 2018
PMI–ACP Certified Practitioner – Agile Program Management
Scrum, Kanban, Lean, Extreme Programming (XP), Test-Driven Development (TDD)

CERTIFICATIONS

Scaled Agile Inc, Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Release Train Engineer (RTE)
Prosci, Organization Change Management (OCM)
SAP, LEAN Agile Coach
PMI, ACP Agile Certified Practitioner
Disciplined Agile Scrum Master (DASM) (CSM)
Chandler Gilbert Community College, MS Office
Contact this candidate