Nathaniel R. Beauchamp
ad8u1h@r.postjobfree.com • 678-***-****
Experienced professional seeks to add value by leveraging my experience in IT Service Management. Roles taken include Project/Program Manager, Technical Product Owner, Technical Business Analyst, Solution Designer, Solution Architect, Systems Engineer, System Administrator, as well as Consultant. My expertise spans across event mgmt, performance mgmt, capacity mgmt, incident mgmt, problem mgmt, and configuration/inventory mgmt domains, and I am well-versed in the principles of ITIL, eTOM, and TOGAF.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
● Considerable experience working with Service Assurance framework (SOA, NGOSS), and IT Service Management projects through administration, design, development, project delivery and support phases.
● Architected various OSS solutions relating to Configuration Management, Fault/Performance Management, Capacity Management, Event Management, Network Capacity Management, Process Improvement, Telemetry and Data Center Automation.
● Managed and led over 10 medium to large-scale cross-functional projects and technology implementations from ideation to delivery launch, including large-scale digital transformation initiatives.
● Considerable software project delivery experience using SDLC, SELC, and general project management delivery methodologies, including Waterfall and Agile.
● Soft skills include building relationships with customers and stakeholders, forging solutions through consensus building, and effectively communicating complex information to a variety of audiences. CORE COMPETENCIES
ITIL v3 (certified), Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Certified Scrum Project Owner (CSPO), eTOM/TAM, Python, SQL, SDLC, SELC, ITSM, TOGAF, OSS/BSS tools incl. Netcool, InfoVista, SolarWinds, HP OpenView, Cacti
(MRTG), SNMP, HP Network Automation, GRANITE, Splunk, ZenOSS, Deepfield, Cisco WAE, EXFO, Kentik, Network Capacity Planning, NetBrain, Quickbase, Azure, ServiceNOW

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
WOW! Internet and Cable, Alpharetta, GA Aug 2018 – Apr 2023 Network Intelligence Architect
Improved network observability and site reliability, through the following efforts:
● Architectural framework for the data collection, processing, analysis and display for the Engineering Operations team. [Increased Observability across Network Enterprise]
● Implementation of performance monitoring and enhanced event handling features for IP Core Backbone and Voice services, achieving a rate of 86% incident detection by telemetry. [Improved Network Reliability and Reduced MTTR by 20%]
● Development and deployment of LSP troubleshooting tool in NetBrain, resulting in 90% reduction in manual troubleshooting time. [Shortened Trouble Isolation Time, reducing MTTR]
● Execution of End-to-End Performance Management transition plan from EXFO to the Kentik platform.
● NetBrain modeling of IP Core to detect and track traffic and node issues. [Increased Observability]

Cox Communications, Atlanta, GA Nov 2011 – Aug 2018 IP Operations Engineer
Achieved Synergy Award recognition, for improving Network monitoring and observability. Initiated and Managed portfolio of 10-15 projects for the IP Backbone Service Assurance (program), including:
● Backbone Reporting Portal, from ideation through delivery, streamlining network capacity augmentation.
● Fully integrated Configuration Management Database (CMDB) platform, with performance management and trouble management capability – providing a one-stop repository of source of truth information for
consumption by Backbone Operations and other ancillary teams. [Improved troubleshooting capability]
● LSP end-to-end monitoring using BRIX/EXFO platform. [Increased Observability]
● LSP troubleshooting tool, resulting in 85% reduction in manual troubleshooting time.
● Router chassis inventory display module, showing spare and empty slots and components. [Facilitates Capacity Planning]
● Capacity Exhaust Management tool, providing lists of interfaces projected to achieve 100% utilization at 60-, 90-, and 180- day intervals. [Facilitates Capacity Planning]
● Several enhancements to performance and event monitoring systems, leveraging integration among OSS systems, including CMDB, GRANITE, Netcool, Splunk and Remedy BMC. Research In Motion, Alpharetta, GA June 2009 – Oct 2011 System Engineering Specialist - Automation, Configuration & Inventory Services Member of team responsible for architecting, design, implementation and former operations of datacenter automation solution (HP Business Service Automation suite), supporting the Corporate IT network as well as the Blackberry Operations enterprise.
● Executed several Target State automation objectives surrounding the HP Business Services Automation platform. [Reduced time to complete maintenance and change activities, by approx 15%]
● Facilitated the transfer of operations of HP BSA application (Server and Network Automation) to the In-Life team. [Improved productivity for core ACIS team, Increased utilization and effectiveness for front line techs]
● Efforts provided value to the business by architecting a best-in-class datacenter automation solution.

BearingPoint, Atlanta, GA Mar 2005 – Jan 2009
Senior Consultant
As a member of the Southeast Services Management practice, delivered ITIL and eTOM based solutions for several major telecommunications clients. Primary expertise centered on Service Assurance, including Fault, Performance, Incident and Service Quality Management.
● Led Service Assurance portion of Business Transformation Project for a local MSO in Curaçao. Engagement covered current state, target state and gap analysis on Service Strategy, Service Design, Service Fulfillment, Service Assurance and Carrier Services processes, in support of the client's plan to offer a quad-play service package. [Increased Network Reliability, Increased Observability of Network Issues]
● Technical Lead in providing an Enterprise OSS solution for a DoD agency. Proposed architecture involved merger of two architectures including consolidated Configuration/Inventory, Event and Incident/Change/Problem Management Systems. [Lowered cost of maintaining duplicate licenses, Increased Productivity]
● Proposed, architected and delivered OSS network capacity/performance management solution for a large telecommunications company, yielding an extra $200K in revenue for the Southeast practice. Solution involved the development, design and implementation of Least-Squares based, exhaust analysis functionality on the InfoVista application, a new innovation. [Facilitated Capacity Planning]
● Designed and implemented a network capacity/performance management solution as part of an $80MM digital transformation project for a large telecommunications company.. Developed and built libraries and formulas supporting that solution. Worked with InfoVista consultants and development team to incorporate several new features and resolve several product defects. [Increased Network Reliability, Increased Observability of Network Issues]

EDUCATION
Master of Science (M.S.), Electrical Engineering, University of South Florida, Tampa, FL

Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Electrical Engineering, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN
Contact this candidate