Achim Michael Ehning
Vernon Hills, IL *****
ad8uje@r.postjobfree.com 847-***-****
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/achimehning/

SAP Project Manager

Accomplished Project Manager with a proven track record in leading complex SAP system setups for global enterprises. Expert in SAP, project management, and budget control, adept at driving business transformation and implementation projects. Proven track record of collaborating with stakeholders and team members to ensure successful project go-lives and customer satisfaction.

Top Skills: w Program and Project Management w SAP / ERP Expertise w Business Transformation w Process Improvement w Global Project Experience w IT Governance w Stakeholder Management w Risk Mitigation w Scope Management w Budget Management / Oversight w Performance Metrics w Team Leadership w Creative Thinking and Problem Solving w Project Transition to Support

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Managed the development of a cross company finance consolidation program within SAP S4 including multi level profit elimination rules.
Led critical issues to resolution, coordination with TSA team, cross system data transfers, legacy data use and supported cross system finance consolidation.
Managed a critical data center migration for SAP environments covering EMEA and North America, including production, quality and support, and development environments, as part of the TMO office.
Defined and led strategic IT initiatives for a global automotive group, streamlining business processes, reducing redundancies, and enhancing IT functionality including financial reporting and consolidation tools.
Implementation lead for a nine-month rapid SAP business transformation project for a manufacturing company with 10 facilities, harmonizing business processes across locations, utilizing the international SAP environment and configuration templates from their European group companies.
Improved month-end financial reporting quality and reduced errors by 95% for a $2 billion organization while complying with SOX and global finance requirements.
Oversaw the integration of plant-centric solutions with finance on SAP ERP and supported organizational structures after mergers and acquisitions.
Managed SAP roll-outs for sales and service districts, where the districts achieved recognition for 'best performance' within three to six months post-implementation.
Managed the fixed asset and project systems team during a multi-year SAP implementation, improving data quality, piloted training approaches, reduced active assets by 50% and addressed finance security needs.
Managed plant interfaces for production and plant maintenance as well as asset management during SAP implementation for merged companies. Focus was on consolidation of processes and procedures.
Designed a toolset and automated SAP asset creation and load, to support asset creation volume during new factory build.
Managed the design and integration testing for Ariba Buyer implementations, initiating pilot projects with significant cost-saving potential.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Madiba Program Manager / Principle Consultant Jan 2022 – May 2024
Supported Organon, a 6 billion global healthcare company, with their rapid SAP S4 system set-up during a TSA agreement, focusing on cross system data and financial consolidation.

Bayforce / AME Consulting Program Manager May 2019 - Dec 2021
Successfully led the rapid data center migration and system environment setup for Clarios, a 10 billion global automative industry company post-separation.

MAT Holdings, Inc. Business Relationship Manager (BRM) Oct 2015 - Apr 2019
Diversified global manufacturing and logistics company, automotive supply, and consumer power products.

AME Consulting Owner 2014 - Oct 2015
Program and project management, business process optimization based on SAP expertise.
Key Client: CF INDUSTRIES, Deerfield, IL

PRGX Manager Advisory Services 2010 – 2014
PRGX is a global business analytics company, and a leading provider of recovery audit services.
Key Clients: CF INDUSTRIES, Deerfield, IL (2011 – 2013)
$6.5B North American leader for fertilizer products after merging with Terra Ind. in 2009.
KRAFT NORTH AMERICA, NORTHFIELD, IL (2010 – 2011)
North America’s fourth largest consumer packaged food company with revenues totaling approx. $18B

SIEMENS, Chicago, IL, 2002 - 2009
SIEMENS BUILDING TECHNOLOGIES (SBT), Manager Financial Support (SAP) 2005 – 2009,
$2B North American provider of automation technologies and services for commercial, industrial and public buildings. SIEMENS MEDICAL SOLUTIONS, Manager Logisitic (SAP CoC), 2002 – 2005
Leading provider of medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics, and healthcare information technology.

Deloitte, Chicago, IL Business and SAP consulting
Accenture (Andersen Consulting), Frankfurt, Germany, and Chicago Business and SAP consulting

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & CREDENTIALS

Dipl. Wirtschaftsingenieur, equivalent to Master’s degree in Industrial Engineering and Management
KIT (Karlsruher Institute for Technology), Karlsruhe, Germany

SAP Certified Associate – SAP Activate Project Manager, Feb 2022

Languages: Fluent in German and English.

Audio Technology, Easily Adaptable, Financial Systems, Key Performance Indicators, Resource Allocation, Summaries, Executive Level Reporting, Status reporting
Contact this candidate