Christopher Jones
ad8ueu@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: christopherjonesrugb
Business Analyst – Financial Trading – Financial Risk/Compliance – Project Management

A uniquely experienced professional with strong experience in the Capital Markets Industry, and a successful record of building and implementing state of the art technology solutions and initiatives that increase revenue and lead the industry. A subject matter expert in Front Office Trading, Risk Management, Regulatory Compliance and the full trade life cycle. Strong hands-on leader accustomed to a very fast pace and multiple projects, while consistently managing existing lines of business, and achieving financial targets.

Skills

Business Analysis
Regulatory Compliance
Foreign Exchange (FX)
Project Management
Dodd-Frank
Equities
Financial Services
EMIR
Fixed Income
Front Office Trade Capture
MiFID II
Commodities
Cash Management
BASEL III
OTC Derivatives and Swaps
Algorithmic Trading
CFTC
Waterfall
Quantitative Modeling
Electronic Trading
Agile
Global Trade Management
Risk Management
Relationship Building
Initial and Variation Margins
Counterparty Credit Risk
Problem solving
Central Clearing
Derivative Regulation
Written Communication
FIX Messaging
Organizational Skills
Presentation Skills

Professional Experience

FINSERV Consulting, New York, New York April 2024 – Present
Senior Business Analyst/ Project Manager
Managing a program for the capture and automatic reconciliation of the Margin (Initial and Variation) and Collateral statements from the counterparties. This system allows for the matching of the counterparty statements with the internal Collateral and Margin management system for all Fixed Income, Equities, Commodities, Exchange Traded Derivatives, and OTC (Over-the-Counter) products.
Working with the business team and the technology team to document the Business Requirements and Functional Requirements to enhance the current systems and to make sure all required data is being correctly captured.
Once the Business and Functional requirements are approved, create the Agile User Stories for each of the Requirements in Jira. The Jira tool allows for Issues and Bugs as well as the Project timelines to be very transparent.
Identified and communicated all risks and issues and documented all the changes being made to the existing systems that interface with the Margin and Collateral system.

VIRTUSA, New Jersey November 2023 – March 2024
Senior Business Analyst
Worked with the product owners and development team to elicit the Business and Functional requirements for the deliverables for the product design of Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) and the models for Risk management across all assets classes.
Captured and documented the detailed requirements and created high level design documentation, activity workflows, business data dictionaries, and data mapping documents.
Conducts regular analysis, of data visualization and SQL Querying, to draw business-relevant conclusions and accurately communicate findings and possible solutions.
Led the QA and UAT testing to make sure the new enhancements fully work with all systems before updating the system.
Managed the Project Risks & Issues and created the User stories using the Agile methodology.

BNY Mellon, New York, New York July 2021 - October 2023
Project Manager and Senior Business Analyst
Managed the project for FED ACAP (automated claim adjustment process) and Collateral management.
This project covered the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) which is the regulations for the calculation for the minimum capital requirements for market risk. This included the introduction of expected shortfall (ES), which will replace value-at-risk (VaR) as a market risk measure for the capital calculation.
Made sure all collateral management was in compliance with US QFC (Qualified Financial Contract) Stay Rules.
Liaised with project sponsors, stakeholders and developers to meet project objectives.
Mitigated risks and managed all aspects of project management and business analysis in project deliveries.
Developed and implemented roadmaps and milestones, led key stakeholder engagement and accountability, and communicated project status with relevant stakeholders.
Focused on business values, development and delivery efficiencies, using agile system design development, and delivery methodology.

Matrix-IFS, Jersey City, NJ January 2020 – July 2021
Senior Business Analyst
Working with the business, compliance, and development team in gathering and documenting the business and functional requirements for the trade monitoring for all Fixed Income, Commodities, FX, and OTC trade products to be in compliance with the MAR regulations.
Interacting with the NASDAQ SMARTS system to make sure there is no market manipulation, front running, spoofing or insider trading for commodities, equities, OTC traded products and fixed Income products.
Documenting the testing scenarios to make sure the trade monitoring application is fully compliant with the Federal regulatory rules.
Drove the delivery effort of this project by maintaining the lists, risks and issues and communicated this efficiently to Senior Management.
Using my ability in SQL to interpret and troubleshoot complex queries in multiple databases.
Working with the compliance team and front office traders in all user acceptance testing.
Led the team in the upgrade for the regulatory reporting to be in compliance with EMIR Refit, CFTC part 34 and 45, SEC, and MIFID II.

Synechron Consultant for Citibank, Irving Texas September 2019 - January 2020
Senior Business Analyst
Gathering and Documenting the Business and Functional requirements for the enhancements and upgrades needed to be in full compliance of the Basel III regulations.
This project included the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) that sets the minimum capital requirements for market risk.
Updating the system to do the real time profit and loss (P&L) calculations to monitor the risk and exposure of the assets being traded and held by clients.
Working directly with the Business Users and Technology Team to develop the functionality needed to improve the regulation, supervision and risk management of the firm.
Using my SME in the Financial Markets to upgrade and enhance the risk models for all OTC and centrally cleared products.

Capgemini, Boston, Ma September 2018 – August 2019
Senior Business Analyst
Documenting the Business and Functional requirements for a Collateral management system. This includes the processing of all Initial and Variation margins for all OTC and centrally cleared derivatives.
Subject matter expert in the financial markets dealing with Equities, Fixed Income, OTC swaps, Commodities, FX and Options.
Documenting the Business requirements for the CAT reporting. Fully educating the technology team on the FIX messaging format and the data needed for the complete audit trail.

Infosys, Houston, Texas September 2017 - August 2018
Senior Business Analyst
Work with the business, compliance, and development team in gathering and documenting the business and functional requirements for a proprietary trade monitoring, and trade risk system that was fully compliant with the MiFid II and CFTC rules and regulations.
Provided expertise in front office commodity trading, and risk modeling (VAR, CVA, and RWA) for both OTC, physical, and centrally cleared trades. This includes the initial and variation margin for all OTC and centrally cleared derivatives.
Directly designed the quantitative models used for trade monitoring to make sure no trades or traders were manipulating the market place.
Created and documented BRD and FRD specifications for a product review application and fully documented the User Stories. Created and reviewed test cases for completeness.
Completed the project 35% under the allocated budget and 28% below the timeline.

Allegro Development, Dallas, Texas December 2015 – July 2017
Product Manager, PM/BA
Lead the design and deployment of a new trade capture platform to interact with all Commodity Exchanges throughout the world and third party vendor systems (TT and Trayport).
Manage the enhancement of the Derivative Regulation product to comply with the reporting requirements for all physical and OTC trades and conform to the Dodd-Frank, EMIR, MiFID II, and CSA regulations.
Responsible for shaping the vision and business plans for the products. This included developing the roadmap for the product for the coming three years and making the appropriate trade-offs to optimize time to market. Clearly communicating the product goals to all clients and teams.
Document business and functional requirements and work with the development team on the technical design requirements. Led the QA and User Acceptance testing (UAT). Analyzed all data by running custom SQL scripts
Directly manage the market risk and credit risk tools, which include VaR, Monte Carlo Simulations along with the MtM and PnL calculations.
Provide expertise in the central clearing model and the rules and regulations of the CFTC, FERC and REMIT as they apply to Energy trading specifically in natural gas and power.
BNY Mellon, New York, New York Sept 2013 – Dec 2015 Senior Business Analyst/PM
Led the design and development of a Derivative Regulation project that fully automated the reporting of all OTC derivative transactions to the SDR’s (DTCC,ICE,CME,REGIS-TR) to meet the regulations of Dodd-Frank, EMIR, REMIT, CSA, CCAR, and FINRA.
Worked with the business side and compliance to understand new business requirements and interpret the Dodd-Frank and EMIR rules and regulations to make sure the new work streams were fully in compliance with the laws.
Conducted workshops for stakeholders in each market to gather, analyze, document and validate requirements and produced BRD and FRD.
Acted as the proxy between the business and the development team in order to produce timely and efficient solutions and resolve all discrepancies.
Promoted understanding of Central Clearing, Brokerage, and OTC Trading, dealing with FX, Fixed Income, ETF’s, Interest Rates, Commodities, and all Equity products.

Virtu Financial, New York, New York 2005 – 8/2013
Head of Commodity Trading
Headed team tasked with building an electronic trading platform and electronic trading strategies to transition the open outcry trading to electronic trading in all energy, metals and FX commodity markets.
Managed the design and development of the first electronic trading platform for the trading of commodities and FX products in all available worldwide markets. This platform handled the full cycle of a trade from the trade execution to the closing out of positions, this included trade reconciliation, accounting, clearing and risk management for all exchange traded products.
Managed the quantitative team in designing and developing algorithmic trading strategies that were heavily used in the energy commodity markets. These strategies generated five figure P&L in the first few days of electronic trading.
Led the transition from open-outcry trading to electronic trading in all financially traded derivatives markets which included Commodity Futures, Options, FX and Equities. Automated the regulatory reporting infrastructure to be in full compliance of the CFTC, NFA, and SEC rules and regulations.

Chris Jones RUGB LLC, New York, New York 1996-2005
Owner and Head Commodity Trader / Broker
Member of New York Mercantile Exchange trading energy commodities and base metals on a proprietary basis, was one of the largest independent traders in natural gas, crude oil and gasoline.

Education

Hobart and William Smith Colleges, B.A., Economics, Graduated with Honors

Technical Skills

MS Office Suite
FpML
MS PowerPoint
AGILE
MS Visio
SQL
Windows XP
FIX Protocol
MS Excel
CTRM
TFS
JIRA
VAR
SPAN Methodology
SharePoint
Documenting Business Requirements
Swift Messaging
Process Flow Carts
Contact this candidate