WILLIE V JACKSON
*** ******* ******
Marion, Al *6756
334-***-****(c) or 334-***-****(H)
ad8u8w@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a challenging position in the management field, with an organization seeking an experienced leader with knowledge, skills, and certified achievements.
PROFILE
I am an experienced Supervisor/Manager in day to day operations in production, manufacturing, quality, warehouse operations, and maintenance. Accountable for product quality assurance, procedures, and safe scrap material management in a production environment. I am also serving as a Senior Manager for the Recruit Sustain program.I have a SECRET clearance by the Federal Government.
EXPERIENCE

Warehouse Superintendent 2023-Present
Alabama Department of Public Health / Center for Emergency Preparedness (CEP)
Montgomery, Al
Supervise the Forms Unit, Warehouse, Mailroom, and CEP employees so that equipment, supplies and personnel needs are properly addressed and professional environment is maintained with no valid complaints or delay. Supervise the handling of incoming forms, educational material, and medical supply requisitions, assigns forms requisition numbers and site locations to include all other duties. Supervise monthly inventory and reconciling of forms, educational Materials, medical supplies, and equipment so that accurate account of stock is maintained. Produce reports as required by Director and program managers and manages Forms Unit software systems and acts as liaison with program managers so that they have accurate information about a particular stock with no valid complaints. Establish rules, regulations, and procedures directing warehouse personnel. Assists with the National Incident Management System and Responds to emergency and disaster assignments when called to duty. Works cooperatively with other bureaus and partners to reach desired outcomes.

Travel Project Supervisor/Assistant Project Manager 2021-2023
Nissan Manufacturing Retrofit TN/Rivian EV East Coast IL
Smyrna, TN / Normal, IL
Supervised retrofit, maintenance and repair on electrical wire harness for Nissan Export vehicle and Rivian all electrical production vehicles, Identify problems with vehicles using the designated equipment. Explain automotive repairs and issues and provide great customer service. Plan repair procedures using charts manuals and Repair brake and steering systems. Diagnose and repair electrical and electronic systems. Replace or repair transmissions and fuel components as needed. Repair cooling components and systems including air conditioners and engine cooling. Replace differentials, transmission and engine assembly. Maintain a clean, safe working environment and Produce legible and accurate paperwork reflecting work performed.

Travel Project Supervisor/Assistant Project Manager 2020-2021
Honda Manufacturing Retrofit
Formel D
Lincoln, Al
Supervised retrofit, maintenance and repair on customer vehicles, Identify problems with vehicles using the diagnostic equipment. Explain automotive repairs and issues and provide great customer service. Plan repair procedures using charts manuals and Repair brake and steering systems. Diagnose and repair electrical and electronic systems. Replace or repair transmissions and fuel components as needed. Repair cooling components and systems including air conditioners and engine cooling. Replace differentials, transmission and engine assembly. Maintain a clean, safe working environment and Produce legible and accurate paperwork reflecting work performed.

Travel Project Supervisor 2020- 2020
Hyundai Manufacturing
Formel D
Montgomery, AL
Perform maintenance and repair on customer vehicles, Identify problems with vehicles using the diagnostic equipment. Explain automotive repairs and issues and provide great customer service. Plan repair procedures using charts manuals and Repair brake and steering systems. Diagnose and repair electrical and electronic systems. Replace or repair transmissions and fuel components as needed. Repair cooling components and systems including air conditioners and engine cooling. Replace differentials, transmission and engine assembly. Maintain a clean, safe working environment and Produce legible and accurate paperwork reflecting work performed.

Security Directors 2018-2020
SecurAmerica (University Mall)
Tuscaloosa, Al
My duties are required to ensure the security of equipment, information, and personnel of an organization from fraud, internet hacking, physical assault, industrial espionage, terrorism, robbery, among other threats. They plan, direct and monitor the implementation of security systems for protection of industrial and commercial organizations. These professionals are also responsible for hiring, training and supervising new employees who would be a part of the department of security and safety. As Security Directors perform many of the following tasks:
Reporting criminal information to authorities investigating crimes committed against clients. Planning personal security, analyzing data of internal operations, andadvisingabout security weakness and procedures.

Continuous Improvement Coordinator/Production Supervisor 2016- 2018
Eovations (UFPI)
Selma, Al
I Manage Production Management recording and report on for accuracy and inventory control. I also Manage Inventory Management to include cycle counting and quarterly inventory counts. I have utilized Warehouse and Material Management systems such as Warehouse Management System, OLM System Flex Material Management System, Reflections, Production/Material Scheduling and Production Reporting. Which allowed me to manage production planning and Raw Material Management. In addition, to my role as CI Coordinator I execute on other projects as needed also supervised logistics operation and material management as a supplier for numerous UFPI warehouse and rail locations. The areas I Manage allow for appropriate Production planning and implementation of lean Manufacturing. Supervised start-ups after shutdown or product change, and supervise the set-up duties for changes, which includes automotive parts change, by obtaining all necessary materials and components form the appropriate departments, setting up the auxiliary equipment, preparing the work instructions for the job run, checking the standards on the bill of materials and comparing those standards to the actual. Demonstrates proficiency with, and all processes related to, hand tools, machinery, and auxiliary equipment, including, but not limited to robot controls, T.C.U.s, loading systems, machine controls heat controllers, material proportional blending systems, sequential injection controls, etc. Coordinates efforts with Production to solve problems related to Quality Control to produce the highest level of quality parts. Assists the operators with any production questions and line particulars.

Production Supervisor/Production Scheduler 2015 -2016
Crown Health Care Laundry Service
Selma, Al
Supervised and managed Operations for Soil Sort, Tunnel Washers, Conventional Washers, Milnor and Challenge Dryers. I also Supervised Flatwork operations and served as Liason and Assistant Fleet Manager for Shipping and Receiving Department. My position required the leadership of a hands-on Floor Supervisor to work with our collaborative teammates to meet production goals, work safely and meet quality standards. I was also responsible for employee counseling, hiring, and replacement. I communicated on a day to day with all departments to ensure successful delivery and distribution of clean linen to client health care facilities through the areas. I also assisted in provided immediate assistance to health care clients to resolve any issues not within normal operations. I managed administrative operations for all departments and motivated employees to exceed the standards and develop more 5s standards and incorporate lean manufacturing practices within a safe team oriented environment
Production Supervisor/Material Planner 2011 - 2014
TekPak, Inc
Marion, Al
Supervise manufacturing staff by communicating job expectations, planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. I am responsible for recruiting, training, and disciplining employees. I am responsible for coordinating, and enforcing systems, policies, and procedures. Implemented cost reduction plans, scheduling, budgeting, compiling, and analyzing production data. Ensure proper maintenance of all equipment, evaluation of new equipment and techniques. Foster a spirit of cooperation within and between departments. Applying and adhering to company safety standards, and enforcing organization standards.

Process Technican 2010 - 2011
Renosol Seating (Lear Corporation) A Tier 1 Supplier
Selma, Al
I managed the overall operations of two foam extrusion lines that produced automotive interior components to include seats and headrests. I also managed personnel in repair area, inserters section, demolders section, shipping department, and mechanical equipment. Supervised all process issues including formulation changes, TDI, MDI, polymer tank operations, robot programs, robot controls, pour patterns, line process, maintenance issues, package line operations, production, quality assurance, safety, raw material, and mold changes. I successfully accomplished production goals safely and without quality defects. I conducted numerous start-ups of mechanical equipment with excellent results. I provided information on a daily basis to insure the standard for material, manufacturing procedures, quality to the suppliers, and research teams.

Department Manager 2009 - 2011
Autozone
Selma, Al
Responsible for day to day retail sales, VDP, HUB transfers and supply Logistics management and personnel. Directly responsible for store overstock and plan of grams. Ensured all areas exceed company standards. Conducted successful training. Evaluated, counseled, and recommended personnel for awards and accountable for prevent store shrinkage at over $200,000 without loss. Coordinated training and schools.

TAC Officer 2006 – 2009
Marion Military Institute
Marion, Al
As a TAC officer, I was involved in making recommendations for disciplinary actions, conducting inspections (barracks and in-ranks), sponsoring Special Mission Units (drill team, cadet rangers, color guard, etc.), supervising drill and ceremonies, assisting in coaching athletic teams and intramurals, developing and enforcing cadet policies, conducting and supervising physical training, working with the JROTC and ROTC cadre, safety, quality of life of the cadets, counseling (personal, military, and academics), and supporting the cadets in all aspects of their daily activities.

U.S. Army (RA) Recruiter 2005 –2006
Greenwood Recruiting Station
Greenwood, Ms
On daily basis I contact Juniors, Senior, Graduates, and Undergraduates on future goals and plans. I counsel candidates and enlistees on military guidelines and policies. I assist the high schools in training and seminars for student development. I conduct logistics and administrative operations pertaining to current enlistees and future candidates. I communicate with state and local law officials on enlistee’s background and police records. I conduct community activities on behalf of the U.S. Army and counsel parents and students on educational benefits and future goals accomplishments.

Assistant Director, Environmental Services 2005 - 2005
Delta Regional Medical Center
Greenville, Ms
Managed day to day operations of a hospital with 400 plus beds with numerous departments. I was responsible to ensure the facility met all required guidelines of the Federal Joint Commission on a daily basis.

Technical Operator 2004-2005
Webster Industries
Montgomery, AL 36109
Supervised day to day operations, manufacturing process, package line operations, production, quality, safety, raw material, and maintenance. Managed personnel and mechanical equipment with minimum supervision. I successfully accomplished production goals safely and without quality defects. I conducted numerous start-ups of mechanical equipment without excellent results. I provided information on a daily basis to insure the standard for material, manufacturing procedures, and quality to the suppliers and research teams

Associate Technician 1999 - 2005
SC Johnson
Bay City, MI
Supervised day to day operations, manufacturing process, package line operations, production, quality, safety, raw material, and maintenance. Managed contract personnel and mechanical equipment with minimum supervision. Always exceeded production goals safely and without quality defects. Conducted numerous start-ups of mechanical equipment without excellent results. Provided information on a daily basis to insure the standard for material, manufacturing procedures, and quality to the suppliers and research teams.

Chemical Operations Supervisor 1998 - 1998
U.S. Army, Fort Sill, OK 73503
Ensured the overall training of over 100 personnel on chemical procedures and protection methods. Advised and recommended courses of action that ensured the safety of over 100 personnel in a Chemical, Nuclear, and Biological environment. Accountable for $100,000 worth of equipment and supplies without loss. Provided leadership in personnel management, personnel finance, physical training, and organizational training. Ensured inspected areas met the highest standards. Counseled personnel on all aspects of performance.
Chemical Operations Senior Supervisor 1997 - 1998
U.S. Army, Fort Sill, OK 73503
Managed and trained an organization of over 400 personnel in Chemical, Nuclear, and Biological procedures. Supervised subordinate Chemical Operations supervisors. Ensuring proper personnel training and management procedures were conducted for military organization in ensuring adequate protection, decontamination, defense, and life saving procedures. Advised management on chemical matters. Accountable for $100,000 worth of equipment and supplies without loss. Collected and reviewed equipment readiness reports. Evaluated and counseled personnel.
Operations Supervisor 1997 - 1997
U.S. Army, Germany Apo Ae 09165
Supervised day to day training and operations of over 100 personnel in Chemical, Nuclear, and Biological procedures. Advised Chief Executive Officer on course of Actions to ensure defense, decontamination, and life saving procedures. Managed company personnel management, promotions, technical reports, and finances errors. Coordinated and scheduled training event. Accountable for large amounts of equipment and supplies without loss.
Senior Operations Manager 1995 - 1997
U.S. Army, Germany Apo Ae 09165
Responsible for day to day management of over 1400 personnel deployed to Bosnia in support of Operation Joint Endeavor. Directly responsible for the training, emergency actions center, and schools budget for the fiscal year of 1996-1997. Accomplished the operations of an Aviation Senior Flight Crew Manager. Ensured all areas were maintained. Conducted successful Chemical, Nuclear, and Biological training. Evaluated, counseled, and recommended personnel for awards and promotions. Accountable for vehicles and equipment valued at over $200,000 without loss. Coordinated training and schools.
Chemical Operations Supervisor 1994 - 1995
U.S. Army, Fort Hood, TX 76544
Supervised and trained personnel. Accountable for $200,000 worth of equipment and supplies without loss. Counseled personnel on all aspects of performance. Operated and maintained equipment in a high state of readiness at all times. Instructed classes on safety procedures and numerous other topics. Managed and trained personnel on both company management operations and chemical operations procedures. Advised executives on both chemical management operations. Evaluated organization procedures to ensure proficient operations.
Chemical Operations Specialist 1992 - 1994
U.S. Army, Fort Hood, TX 76544
Operated and maintained smoke generating equipment and Nuclear, Biological, and Chemical detection and decontamination equipment. Assisted in identification/detection and decontamination equipment. Provided leadership, personnel management, physical training, and organizational training. Managed and trained over 50 personnel on chemical operations, procedures, and protection methods.

EDUCATION
Diploma, Francis Marion High School, Marion, AL, 1991
Continuing Education, Alabama Agriculture and Mechanics University, Normal, AL, 1991
Certificate, Chemical Operations Specialist, U.S. Army, Fort McClellan, AL, 1992
Certificate, Leadership and Management Development Course, U.S. Army, Fort Hood, TX, 1994
Continuing Education, Leadership and Management, Central Texas College, Killeen, TX, 1994
Continuing Education, Central Texas College, Killeen, TX, 1994
Certificate, Chemical Basic Supervisor Leadership Course, U.S. Army, Fort McClellan, AL, 1997
Continuing Education, Pikes Peak Community College, Colorado Springs, CO, 1998
Continuing Education, Business Management, Davenport University, Bay City, MI, 2004
Certificate, Advanced Leadership Development Course, Fort McCoy, Wi, 2003
Continuing Education, Pikes Peak Community College, Colorado Springs, CO, 1998
Continuing Education, Business Management, Davenport University, Bay City, MI, 2004
Certificate, Advanced Leadership development Course, FortMcCoy, Wi, 2003
Contact this candidate