*Michael DeGrasse MBA
ad8ugi@r.postjobfree.com
714-***-****
• Process Controls for Multi-company entity implementing and interpreting financial policies, procedures, monthly closing, oversight of manufacturing standard cost kitting assembly allocation – Bill of materials, direct labor payroll systems design, burden, direct materials, machine rates, work-in progress, Factory overhead indirect costs, Percentage of Completion project accounting,
• Budget / Forecasting - annual budget and rolling forecast for the operations and new acquisitions,
• Experience in Reports/ analysis- Prepare monthly financial/ business reports including budget vs. current analysis, flash reports, capital investment analysis, ERP Dashboard Key performance indicators (KPI) analysis, Product Line Profitability Analysis, identification of opportunities for improvement in the operational and finance areas, risk analysis for key areas (receivable, operation, etc.), government and tax returns
• Effective Integration of new acquisitions and branches into financial and accounting systems,
• Experience as a project manager for implementation or major upgrade of a financial accounting and reporting system Microsoft Dynamics, SAP, Right Angle ETRM, Sage,Vista ViewPoint
• Experience in interacting at an executive management level providing advice, consultation and acting as liaison, oversee direct report personnel in Cost Accounting, A/R, A/P, Purchasing, Warehouse receiving/stock.

Work Experience
Plant Controller
INEOS CALABRIAN ENTERPRISES GROUP - Port Neches, TX
December 2023 to Present
Chemical Manufacturing - the leading supplier of sulfur dioxide and related derivatives used in wastewater treatment and other applications. The Company manufactures sulfur dioxide and downstream derivatives such as sodium bisulfite, sodium metabisulfite and sodium thiosulfate serving markets in North and South America.
Responsible for accounting functions for both US and Canada operations IFRS, GAAP and exchange rate revaluations. SAP and Hyperion Financial Management reporting and validations to Centre .
Manage accounting and reporting of fixed assets and capital projects, variable cost and inventory, fixed cost, and working capital, standard costing..
Manage, coordinate, and lead the process of the cross-functional budgeting, Annual Operating Plan,Rolling Forecast, 13 week forecasting, reporting and variance analysis for key stakeholders.
Challenge forecasts and review variances to ensure maximum contribution to the business performance goals.
Manage and oversee the operations of the accounting department, including the design of an organizational structure adequate for achieving the department's goals and objectives.
Manage and coordinate general ledger accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and cash management.
Collaborating with the CEO and the executive team to develop and execute strategic initiatives that drive growth.
Reduced sales tax expense by 52%
.
Financial Controller
TAURUS INDUSTRIAL GROUP - La Porte, TX 77571
July 2022 to December 2023
A Private Equity industrial services organization providing refractory,utility,soft crafts and scaffolding to the Refinery,Plants and Renewable industries.
Leading month-end closing process of Job Cost WIP and Percentage of Completion schedules,coding and costing.
Preparing financial reporting for 8 Profit Centers in accordance with GAAP for management reporting to the Board of Directors, participating in the annual outside-firm audit. Preparing annual budget and rolling forecasts.
Integrated new business acquisitions and accounting structure with new reporting and dashboarding systems.
Implementing new systems, controls, policies and procedures for the accounting team streamlining the accounting internal controls process.Maintaining the company assets developing Capital Expenditures project AFE and budgets. Leadership of accounting team results and individual performance.Ad Hoc duties as assigned

Controller CFO
CENTRAL TEXAS REHABILITATION HOSPITAL KINDRED LIFEPOINT INC – Austin, TX
November 2021 to May 2022
Directed financial activities of the organization. Establish and recommend to management, major economic objectives and policies for the company. Prepares reports which summarize and forecast company business activity and financial position in areas of income, expenses and earnings based on past, present and expected operations. Responsible for preparation of the annual hospital budget. Advises management on desirable operational adjustments due to budget constraints and changes in hospital reimbursement. Supervised preparation of schedules and other documentation for audits of company’s accounts in accordance with GAAP and SOX.

Plant Controller
RENEWABLE BIOFUELS INC. HUNTSMAN REFINERY - Port Neches, TX
March 2014 to September 2021
Serving a biodiesel manufacturer Private Equity Group refinery in Texas, terminals in Connecticut, Houston and Sabine Pass acting as the Business Controller liaison between Corporate accounting, shared services and Plant Operations management.
Oversight of manufacturing standard cost kitting assembly, Bill of Materials, direct labor payroll systems, burden, direct materials, inventory valuation, over/under applied Factory Overhead and Percentage of Completion accounting.
Management of Plant accounting and logistics staff, direct report personnel in Cost Accounting, A/R, A/P, Purchasing, Warehouse receiving/stock issue.
Budgeting Forecasting and Variances - developed and prepared weekly/monthly reporting and analysis of budget to actual revenues, cost accounting, expenses and variances supporting the plant manager with budgeting and project cost analysis.
Manage the monthly financial close reconciling revenues, costs and fixed assets schedules are complete and accurate. Developed Operating Expense categories for management reporting to the Board of Directors.
Inventory movement reconciliation - tracking of revenue, invoicing and accounting for all customers in accordance with contract quality specifications, supporting documents and demurrage, point of contact for customer inquiries.
Supporting the Plant Manager and Engineers by developing AFE Capital Expenditures/budgets, applied direct labor and labor burden.
Authorizing, approving, coding and tracking of purchase orders -waste streams, maintenance/Op Ex, correcting operating expenses to fixed assets.
● Recovered $180,000+ in state Texas Sales Tax exemptions, issued and corrected vendor sales tax exemptions for purchasing, Certificates of Additional Insured. ● Corrected $1.3 million asset impairment
Group Controller
SCOTT EQUIPMENT DEALERSHIP, WESTERN CONSTRUCTION AUCTIONS, WESTERN EQUIPMENT RENTALS - Fontana, CA
January 2011 to December 2013
A synergistic group of companies providing service, dealership sales, maintenance, rental and consignment of heavy equipment.
Management of accounting and logistics staff in Fontana, Paris CA, Fallbrook including direct report personnel in Cost Accounting, A/R, A/P, Purchasing, Warehouse receiving/stock issue.
Implemented, converted and developed the company's MRP/ERP accounting system - cost accounting and job budgeting and computer systems from QuickBooks to PFW Dealership proprietary software, Excel, MS Word, MS Office Suite. Maintained on a monthly basis the company's financial reporting with Job Costing, Accrual Accounting and inter-company transfers and presented results to Senior Management and Board of Directors. Developed, directed structure for General Ledger accounts, journal entries, Direct labor, applied labor and payroll systems design, inventory control, cost accounting and job budgeting.
Developed bimonthly Job Budget versus Actual Variance analysis and Employee productivity analysis. Preparing and eveloping with senior management forecast and budget model /revenue growth drivers for the organization’s subsidiaries. Analyzing weekly cash flow analysis and budget for operations for the group of companies and CAPEX / OPEX judgments.
• Corrected State sales tax collection and remittance process errors- $85k liability corrective system improvement,
• Inventory loss corrective system implementation $80k write down elimination.
Division Controller
FRONTIER PRO SERVICES HALLORAN ENERGY GROUP - Banning, CA
July 2008 to December 2010
A full-service provider of operations, maintenance, and asset management services for the wind energy industry. A division of American Refining Group, Inc.
Maintained on a monthly basis the organization’s multiple entities financial reporting with Manufacturing Activity Based Costing- Direct labor Direct materials, Factory overhead, Percentage of Completion Accounting and presented results to Senior Management and Board of Directors.
Management of Plant accounting and remote corporate shared services staff, direct report personnel in Cost Accounting, A/R, A/P, Purchasing, Warehouse receiving/stock issue, HR.
Implemented, converted and developed the company's MRP/ERP manufacturing accounting system from startup -for the Halloran Group of companies- cost accounting and job budgeting and computer systems with Peachtree Quantum Accounting, Excel, MS Word, MS Office Suite.
Developed bimonthly Job Budget versus Actual Variance analysis and Employee productivity analysis. Prepared and developed with senior management six-year forecast and budget model /revenue growth drivers for the organization’s subsidiaries and for investment proposal package presentation to Private Equity groups.

Finance Director / CFO/ Controller
CEI - Santa Ana, CA
August 1992 to July 2008
An International interior design and construction consulting and merchandising firm: $40 million annual revenue, 140 employees
Reviewed on a monthly basis the company's financial reporting (GAAP) with Percentage of Completion / Construction Accrual Accounting and directed the CAPEX / OPEX expenditures accordingly. Maintained General Ledger accounts, journal entries, payroll, inventory control, fabrication / manufacturing accounting, cost accounting and job budgeting, Product line Profitability Analysis.
Implemented, converted and modernized the company's accounting and computer systems with MRP/ ERP MAS90, SAP software conversion, Excel, MS Word, MS Office Suite.
Prepared monthly sales tax, property tax, and other regulatory returns for many States. Negotiated with banking entities for lines of credit and maintained accounts within loan covenants. Additional activities and accomplishments I conducted with the CEI organization:
• Implemented and developed MRP/ERP Cost accounting system avoiding using outside consultants for detailed cost analysis ($75K savings),
• Negotiated terms with vendors (2% 10 net 30) resulting in 45% Effective Annual Return,
• Developed real time job cost variance feedback for job budget accuracy to maintain projects within budgets,
• Corrected vendor sales taxing errors with retroactive refunds ($14k), clarified and corrected sales tax remittance avoiding past expense ($250k),
• Negotiated additional insured liability insurance with clients to appropriate levels avoiding excess expense ($50k annual savings),
• Maintained contract lien release waivers, notices of non-responsibility and final releases,
• Negotiated workers comp insurance classification dispute with a Rating Bureau determination lowering rates from $19 per $100 to $4 per $100,
• Conducted cost / benefit analysis of production expenses for efficiency resulting in the negotiation of maintenance contracts reducing ongoing costs ($10k monthly savings),
• Maintained employment law library for quick reference of procedures and protocols,
• Created Volume, Cost, and Profit analysis with a Contribution Margin model in a 24-month side by side statement.

Education
MBA in Accounting and Finance, California State University - San Bernardino, CA BS Economics, California State University - San Bernardino, CA BS Accounting and Finance, California State University - San Bernardino, CA
Contact this candidate