Alexander Negron
**** ****** **** **** # ****, Chesapeake, VA
631-***-**** / ad8ux8@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE:
Position as a Superintendent / Project Manager
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
Extensive experience to include land clearing and development, new construction/home remodeling, finish/ warranty work and building maintenance with a proven track record of delivering quality work and meeting deadlines. Conscientious, results-oriented professional who values team work, motivating others and detailed oriented. Bilingual in English and Spanish with excellent communications and customer service skills, proven abilities in:
Drywall, electrical, plumbing, framing, flooring, tile work, carpentry, windows/doors, masonry, roofing, light HVAC, insulation, and plaster.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
CROM CORPORATION, Gainesville, FL Superintendent .2022 till present
Effectively managed a team of 9 technicians while ensuring safety protocols and OSHA regulations are adhered too
Maintain corporative working relationships with general contractors, subcontractors, owners and engineers,
Submitted administrative paperwork in a timely manner including weekly timesheets
Oversaw projects in VA.GA.FL.DEL. and TX.
BOYD HOMES, Virginia Beach, VA Construction Superintendent 2018-2022
Responsible for daily field operations, open and close job sites
Experience in multi-family projects, read blueprints, implemented safety protocols and worked with governing authorities and inspectors
Ensured the required level of completion of work finished with project
team and subcontractor

ROCK CHURCH INTERNATIONAL, Virginia Beach, VA, Project Manager 08/12 to present Director of Logistics 2004 to 2005
In charge of maintenance and remodels for three large buildings to include the main church which seats 5600 people, business offices, book store, café, day care facility. A school for students for pre-K thru grade 12 plus Planet Rock which is a large kid, youth facility.
Supervise staff of five
Coordinated work of numerous subcontractors and ensured that all provide high quality work and meet project deadlines
Directed work in Fiji for the remodel of the Rock Church of Fiji
NEGRON ENTERPRISE INC. South Setauket, NY 2010 -2012 Self Employed
All phases of home remodeling
Spot building, new construction.

DICANO ORGANIZATION, Smithtown, New York Superintendent/ Pre-title Customer Service Manager 2009-2011 Assistant Superintendent 2005-2006
Coordinated schedules for multiple contractors and oversaw all work on a high paced residential project to include land development.
Performed all walk through with inspectors and home buyers
Performed and monitored all follow up and warranty work with existing homeowners

HOLIDAY ORGANIZATION, Lake Grove, New York Superintendent/Customer Service Manager 2006-2009
Coordinated all schedules for multiple subcontractors, oversaw all work on a multi-million dollar residential project from land development to completion.
Performed and monitored all follow up and warranty work with existing homeowners

HEARNDON CONSTRUCTION, Chesapeake, VA Superintendent 2002-2004
Coordinated the rough and final schedules for multiple subcontractors, oversaw all work from the ground up for a multiple million dollar residential projects. Ensured units were ready for walk through, inspections and closing with home buyers.
NAPOLITANO HOMES, Virginia Beach, VA Assistant Superintendent 1999-2004
Coordinated the rough and final schedules for multiple contractors, ensured units were ready for walk through, closings and inspection.
Performed warranty work

EDUCATION:
OSHA 30
Lyft Certification: Tele Handler, Man Lyft, Scissor Lyft
John Jay High School, Brooklyn, New York
C-Tech Certifications: Audio/Video, Telephone systems, Energy Management
Job Corps, New York, New York: Certification in Plaster/cement masonry
Skill Center, Ponce, Puerto Rico: Plumbing Certification
Pulaski Vocational Center: Certificate in Electrical Wiring

References available upon request
Contact this candidate