JULIE HODSON
KEY SKILLS Leadership
Collaboration, teamwork
Strong work ethic
Responsible, reliable
Positive attitude
Good judgment and problem-solving
Task management and prioritization
Interpersonal skills
EDUCATION High School Diploma
Deer Valley High School - Phoenix, AZ
WORK
EXPERIENCE
Project Manager/Designer, Ace Solutions 01/2013 - 08/2013 Help set up shop with new equipment, and assist new start-up company with a successful launch.
Designed highly engineered signs for Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) Tunnels. Graphic Designer/Project Manager, Dsign Art 08/2013 - 08/2022 Manage all phases of new product developments, including conceptualizing designs, managing milestones, and incorporating customer feedback. Determining the client’s needs and creating designs that fit their long-term goals. Prepared detailed technical drawings for submission to cities for permitting. Create production drawings and assist with writing master sign programs. Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments. Work with architects on finalizing details.
Brought in 10% of all new business in 2019 by cold calling new city projects and networking with local architects/contractors to build relationships, generate referrals, and grow businesses.
Project Manager, Specialized Graphics 09/2022 - Present OBJECTIVE Project manager and graphic designer with over 34 years of experience in the sign industry. Looking to expand my knowledge and skills with a company that offers opportunities for advancement.
BRENTWOOD, CA 925-***-**** ad8ux0@r.postjobfree.com Oversee project progression from inception to completion including design, contracts, scheduling, budgeting, permits, material delivery, labor planning, field installation, quality control, etc.
Manage project documentation including RFIs, letters of transmittals, permits, change orders, and final closeout requirements.
Effectively communicate project progress and financial status of projects. Resolve any issues.
Field supervision to ensure safety protocols are being implemented. Proactively recognize and manage risks and develop creative solutions. Analysis and preparation of billings, including detailed schedule values, within project scope to maintain positive cash flow.
Graphic Designer, BTA Enterprises Inc 04/1998 - 11/2012 14 years of full-cycle sales, designing and creating blueprints, proposals, estimating, and production.
Worked on construction sites at 24-Hour Fitness locations nationwide. Arranging weekly travel for installation crews.
Quality control of product crating and shipments, and various accounting functions. Interfaced with clients during sales and production phase and communicated with installation crews.
Contact this candidate