Robert Szczepanski Parrish, FL ***** • 941-***-**** • ad8ut8@r.postjobfree.com
Environmental Project Manager
Experienced Project Manager, with a proven track record of managing multiple, concurrent projects and associated deliverables. Summary of Qualifications
Project Manager with Significant Experience managing multiple aspects of project delivery and process improvement in competitive and highly regulated environmental safety industry.
Expertise in Needs Analysis and Process Development. Highly analytical mindset who excels at utilizing data-driven solutions to address the factors affecting an organization's ability to reach its strategic objectives and establishing systems to make complex organizations succeed. Performance Driver & Process Improvement Champion, combining experience, ‘go-getter’ spirit, and project management acumen to advance process strategy and improve the overall performance of the company. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
STERICYCLE Orlando, FL
ENVIRONMENTAL SPECIALIST III November 2011 — Present Proactively manage the disposal hazardous waste for clients throughout Florida, primarily from retail and healthcare industries. Maintain client specific regulatory standards for waste disposal to satisfy state and federal requirements. Select Achievements & Contributions:
Managed HAZMAT consolidation, storage, transportation, and removal by segregating and packaging waste based on compatibility and in accordance with State, Federal, and DOT standards.
Characterize, segregate, package, and document various types of pharmaceutical waste. Prepare all appropriate and required documentation to meet State, DEA, DOT, and EPA regulations.
Consult with client staff by establishing strong relationships and offering both preliminary consultations and formal staff trainings.
Demonstrate strong accountability to waste project standards by thoroughly documenting all field actions for the disposal of hazardous waste.
TYREE ENVIRONMENTAL CORP Farmingdale, NY
PROJECT MANAGER July 2006 — March 2009
Created, executed, and guided 40+ high-impact consulting and construction projects for a major oil company client. Served as a liaison to align the efforts of all stakeholders – including state agencies – led cross functional project teams, and drove all aspects of requirements gathering, project planning, stakeholder management, risk mitigation, and the administration of project budget. Select Achievements & Contributions:
Scheduled field crews for groundwater sampling, operation, and maintenance (O&M) of remedial systems and well installations.
Coordinated field activities with crew chief, order additional equipment/materials as needed, collect samples for disposal analysis, setup/schedule soil removal and disposal.
Prepared Subsurface Investigation Reports, tank closure reports, well installation reports, Remedial Action Plans and Quarterly Monitoring Reports and review laboratory analytical data.
Scheduled equipment for site divestments and tank pulls, Review O&M data and optimize remedial systems, schedule carbon change outs as needed.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology in Environmental Technology, New York Institute of Technology, Westbury, NY OSHA 40-hour Hazwoper • CDL Class B w/HAZMAT & Tanker Endorsements • PADI Advanced Open Water Certified Key Strengths
Project Management Methodologies
Project Life Cycle Development
Field Project Management
Quality Control / Quality Assurance
Project Plan Development & Scheduling
Budget Management / Risk Management
Requirements Gathering / Task Management
Service Delivery & Client Management
Extensive HAZMAT Experience
Continuous Process Improvement
Contact this candidate