MOHAMMED ABDUL
BASITH
Email:
ad8v4t@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile:
+966*********
LinkedIn:
Linkedin.com/in/mohammed-civil
PERSONAL INFO
Languages: English, Hindi,
Arabic and Urdu
Visa Status: Valid Transferable
Iqama
Driving License: Valid KSA
License
KEY SKILLS
Project Management
Project Planning
Infrastructure Projects
Project Performance
Hard and Soft Scaping
works
Construction Management
Commercial Management
Resource Allocation
Operations
Maintenance
Real Estate
Development
Communication
PMC
Delivery Performance
Timeline Development
Technical Leadership
Venue Development
Entertainment
Risk Management
Budgeting
Safety Awareness
Project Control
EDUCATION
Osmania University, India
B.E. in Civil Engineering
Achievements:
Appreciation from Dubai
Airports
Appreciation from Dubai Police
EXECUTIVE PROFILE
A senior construction and project management professional with three decades of experience in the construction of airports, roads, bridges, tunnels, Hard and softscape works and other critical infrastructure, as well as the implementation of cutting- edge traffic management systems. I am acknowledged for exceptional leadership skills, innovative solutions, and my commitment to delivering top- quality results while upholding the highest standards of integrity, excellence, and safety. I possess deep knowledge of both local and international construction codes. The total value of projects managed over the past 30+ years is approximately USD 12.4 billion. WORK EXPERIENCE
Project Director Oct 2023 - Till Now
Road Projects Contracting Company.
Key Project:
Project Name: Advance Civil Works (phase 1) and Golf Plateau Construction Roads and Earth works (phase1)
Consultant: Meinhardt
Client :Destinations Developments Company-Al Ula
Project Value: SAR 416,374,839/-
Key Responsibilities:
Directed project operations with accountability for defining scope, setting timelines, analyzing requirements, prioritizing tasks, and identifying dependencies as per pre-set budgets.
Tracked project activities with a key emphasis on quality, drawings, specifications, standards & codes, reviewed schedules, and managed the budget for cash flow requirements through periodic meetings with all stakeholders.
Steered project activities with accountability for the strategic utilization of available resources as per schedules, executed cost-saving techniques to achieve a reduction in man-days, raw materials, and energy consumption.
Developed and monitored master schedules and weekly/monthly progress reports for projects, including earned value, milestones, BOQ, techno- commercial bids, cash flow, and budgets.
Collaborated with government departments and regulatory authorities, obtained necessary sanctions/approvals, and ensured compliance with various statutory obligations.
Oversaw the preparation of project reports, progress updates, and cost estimates to be presented to senior management.
Collaborated with internal departments to ensure effective communication and coordination across all areas of the organization.
Established and maintained strong relationships with clients, vendors, and contractors to ensure the successful delivery of projects and long-term business growth.
Managed the project start-up contracts/documents/agreements, due diligence, formulation, and negotiations as per internal and external legal/commercial terms.
Worked diligently to identify and mitigate potential risks and challenges, ensuring that projects are completed on time, within budget, and to the highest degree of quality.
Managed traffic management, including obtaining approvals from governmental bodies such as police to continue work on projects with road closures during the night shift.
Followed up regularly on monthly bills, additional works, variations, and EOT.
Senior Project Manager November 2019 - March 2023
Scientechnic Mobility Dubai LLC, UAE
Key Project:
Dynamic Message System 2020 (DMS)
Construction of Infrastructure works for DMS (Dynamic Message System) for Traffic Control for RTA Intelligent Traffic System (ITS) Value: 527 million AED.
Key Responsibilities:
Directed project operations with accountability for defining scope, setting timelines, analyzing requirements, prioritizing tasks, and identifying dependencies as per pre-set budgets.
Tracked project activities with a key emphasis on quality, drawings, specifications, standards & codes, reviewed schedules, and managed the budget for cash flow requirements through periodic meetings with all stakeholders.
Planned, directed, and controlled the execution of all business, technical, and administrative functionsof the projects.
Monitored and reported to senior management on the progress of all project activities within the program, including significant milestones, project cost and any variance which arises due to additionalscope.
best practice experience to the client and contractors, facilitated that transfer of knowledge to leave a legacy of improvements on all infrastructure projects. Project Manager November 2016 - October 2019
Bin Hafeez General Contracting Co, Abu Dubai, UAE
Key Projects:
Sobha Hart land Infrastructure main works – villa community Dubai package-4 (Consultant WSP) Value: 232 million AED
Construction of Internal Roads & Infrastructure works for Residential Land plots at Sector Z-35 in Mohamed Bin Zayed Contract: Z35-3 Value: 280.7 million AED
Key Responsibilities:
• Managing the project start-up contracts/documents/agreements, due diligence, formulation, and negotiations as per internal and external legal/commercial terms.
• Developing and monitoring master schedules and weekly/monthly progress reports for projects, including earned value, milestones, BOQ, techno-commercial bids, cash flow, and budgets.
• Managed the main contractor's team on projects, oversaw the Project Managers of sub-projects, and reported to top management on milestones achieved, variances, and matters of strategic importance.
• Handled the development of project scope, schedule, and budget baselines, and ensured appropriate management of scope, cost, schedule, quality, risk, resources, communication, and procurement.
• Collaborated with program controls staff to ensure accurate cost and schedule forecasting and status reporting on all sub-projects.
• Closely monitored critical path activities that will influence key milestones, track the overall project schedule, and maintain accountability for the financial performance of each project.
• Drove change control and contributed to continuous improvement initiatives throughout the project lifecycle as per changing dynamics.
• Administered project-related contracts, oversaw progress, and approved all expenditures.
• Developed and maintained a communications plan for all project stakeholders, regularly updating it in conjunction with the project team and the client.
• Managed road diversions and obtained approvals from governmental bodies, such as Abu Dhabi ITS, to continue work on projects with road closures.
Project Manager October 2001 - August 2016
Dubai Aviation Engineering Projects, UAE
Key Projects:
Phase II expansion of the Dubai International Airport and DWC Al Maktoum International Airport and Dubai World Central Infrastructure Works for USD 10.2 billion
• The DWC Al Maktoum International Airport's construction of the runway, taxiway, and related services and facilities, including police, customs, fire and safety, ground operations, DNATA, and engineering services facilities, were valued at over 25 billion AED. This project was completed before the opening of the airport to passengers.
• The Dubai World Center (Dubai South) project encompassed the complete infrastructure works, including roads, street lighting, electricity (laying of 33 kV cables and construction of substations), stormwater drainage, sewer lines, telephone services, firefighting and irrigation lines, and sewage treatment plant. Total value 820 million AED.
• The project involved the construction of a flower center using a fully automated material handling system, as well as the modification of the existing terminal/concourse to accommodate code 'F' aircraft such as the A380. Construction of Concourse D:
Existing facilities like Aero gulf, police air wing, fire station, fuel station, Dnata workshops etc. was relocated in record time within budget in order to get access to construction of Concourse D.(Enabling works).
Construction of Concourse D, construction of stands, modification to existing taxiways and tunnel to provide smooth ground operations. Value: 5.4 billion AED
Construction NRR:
Record time of 90 days north runway repair was executed with milling of existing asphalt, laying of new layers of asphalt including Airfield lights and guidance signs. Value :460 million AED Data Center Project Management:
I have extensive experience in managing the construction of CO1 and CO3 data centers, with a deep understanding of data center infrastructure and systems, encompassing power and cooling, networking, security, and equipment installation. I have a proven track record of successfully overseeing the integration of various components to guarantee optimal performance and reliability. These data centers serve as critical communication feeds to both Al Maktoum International Airport and the Dubai South community. Key Responsibilities:
Planned, directed, and controlled the execution of all business, technical, and administrative functions of the projects.
Acted as the company's representative with the client and selected subcontractors during the program execution.
Monitored and reported to senior management on the progress of all project activities within the program, including significant milestones, project cost and any variance which arises due to additional scope.
Transferred best practice experience to the client and contractors, facilitated that transfer of knowledge to leave a legacy of improvements on all infrastructure projects. PRIOR WORK EXPERIENCE
Project Manager, Al Mulla Construction Company, Dubai, UAE August 1995 - September 2001
Site Agent, DUTCO Construction Company, Dubai, UAE May 1992 - July 1995
Site Agent, Al Sedais Establishment, Saudi Arabia June 1989 - April 1992
Site Engineer, Krishna Mohan Construction, Hyderabad, India July 1986 - May 1989 Certificates:
1. NEBOSH -Issued by Board in Occupational Safety & Health. 2. Working Safely-Issued by PARSONS BRINCKERHOFF(ME)LTD. 3. P6 Web Customized Course-Issued by CMCS
4. Risk Management-Issued by Blue Ocean.
5. Certificate of Appreciation-Issued by Dubai Airports. 6. Certificate of Appreciation -Issued by Dubai Police. 7. Advanced Health, Safety, Security& Environment Refresher Course -Issued by Government of Dubai. 8. Introduction to PMP (PMP Webinar)-Issued by EDUHUBSPOT. 9. Saudi Council of Engineers Certificate.
Contact this candidate