BENIGNO D. GUMAPAC JR.
Address : HTG Marketing, Jose Abad Santos Street, Kidapawan
City, N. Cotabato, Philippines, 9040
Telephone no. : +63-939-*******
: +63-905*******

Nationality : Filipino (former SG PR not able o renew)
NRIC : S6967433Z
Birth date : April 25, 1969
e-mail : ad8vth@r.postjobfree.com
Availability : available immediately

-Familiar with Class Rule, IACS, SOLAS, MARPOL, ASME as well as preparation of WPS, WQR
Total Experience: Twenty six (26) yrs experiences in the field practice of the ff:

Experience Project Management with shipbuilding and drydocking of:
-Bulk carriers
-Passenger Ships (mono hull/catamaran)
-PC tankers
-MPV
-PCTC
-Containership (up to A4-A13)
-Cable /Pipe Layer DP3
-FSIV –DP Ships
-AHTS/Supply Ship/ROV – DP ships
-Drill Ship/ Well Intervention Vessel/DP3
-Barges/LCT/Tug Boat/Aluminum crew boat/Offshore Facility
-Offshore structure
Experience Project Management with conversion and repair of:
-Roro ships to passenger roro
-PCTC to Roro-con ships
-Bulk to Container Vessel
-AHTS to pipe laying ship
-Jack up barge, rig and platform
Oil and Gas Experience in Project Mangement:
-Various shutdown activity SABIC/ARAMCO/SAMREF/SASREF
-Debottlenecking/ LDPE/MTBE/Petrochemical and refinery expansion.
-Various offshore structure/machinery repair and installation
-Various Refinery and Petrochemical Mechanical Completion Check/Commissioning
-Piping works in ARAMCO and SABIC (Saudi Arabia)

* Educational Qualification:
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
Central Mindanao College, Kidapawan City – 1986-87
University of Mindanao, Main, Davao City – 1987-1991
Deans Lister/Bronze Medallist/Academic scholar

Diesel Mechanic with third class license
Ansuico Technical Training School

Employment History:

1.Company: Subic Super Yatch Haven Inc. SSYHI
Position: Operation/Project Manager
inclusive date: April 4, 2022- present
Vessel type : conversion Superyatch Bighoo
Classification : LR
Brief Description: operation in charge of the Conversion from British Navy Research Ship to Superyatch.
: In charge of full operation of shipyard (one graving dock and one floating dock

2.Company: Navalis Shipping GmbH
Position: Supervisor (structural, painting, electrical, mechanical)
Inclusive date: April 2019 to February 14, 2020
Vessel Type: MPV 6500 and 7300 (7 ships)
Classification: DNVGL
Brief Description: New building in-charge for 7 vessel (1 unit 6500 and 6 unit 7300) MPV (mostly log carrier) with dangerous goods cargo Ice class.

3.Company: Rickmers Ship management GmbH & Cie. KG

2.1 Position: Site Manager– Project Management (Owner Rep)
Location: XINYANG (Zhoushan) Shipyard -China
Inclusive date: June 24, 2016-July 30, 2016
Vessel Type: A5 container – 2 units
Classification Society: DNVGL
Brief description of work: In charge for the retrofitting of of 2 units A5 Containerships- APL Atlanta and APL Los Angeles

2.2 Position: Machinery and Electrical Supervisor – Project Management (Owner Rep)
Location: COSCO (Zhoushan) Shipyard -China
Inclusive date: August 17, 2015-March 2016
Vessel Type: A13 container – 8 units
Classification Society: DNVGL
Brief description of work: In charge of Piping, Machinery and Electrical for the Conversion of 8 units 13K Containerships- Maersk Essen, Maersk Essex, Maersk Evora, Maersk Emden, Maersk Eindhoven, Maersk Edinburgh, Maersk Elba, and Maersk Edmonton. This is to include review of plan and selection of materials and equipment.

3. Company: Wartsila Ship Design GMBH/Technolog Services
Position: Machinery and Piping Consultant for E-Marine Cable Ship DP2 Cable Layer Project Management (Owner Rep)
Location: Ali and Sons Marine Engineering Fabrication – Abu Dhabi
Inclusive date: July 14, 2013-August 9, 2015
Vessel Type: DP2/ROV Cable Laying Ship – 1 unit
Classification Society: RINA
Brief description of work: In charge of Piping, Machinery and hull outfitting for the new building of Cable layer Ship with DP2, and ROV for deep water operation. This is to include review of plan and selection of materials and equipment to be put on board.

4. Company: AG & P.
Position: Mechanical Engineer (Commissioning) for RDV Vessel (Well Intervention Vessel/ROV DP3 Ship own by NORSHORE
Location: Batamec-Indonesia, Batam, Indonesia
Inclusive date: May 6, 2013-July 14, 2013
Vessel Type: RDV Vessel (Well Intervention Vessel/ROV DP3 Ship (drilling Ship) – 1 unit
Classification Society: DNV
Brief description of work: Machinery Completion Check and Commissioning stage only for both Marine and topside

5. Company: Aruna Shipping -Turkey
Position: Machinery and Electrical Supervisor - Project Management
Inclusive date: October 21, 2012-March 2013
Location: Hyundai Mipo Dockyard (HMD), Ulsan, South Korea
Vessel Type: 42K Bulk Carrier – 3 units
Classification Society: DNV
Brief description of work: In charge for the inspection/commissioning for both Mechanical and Electrical for the 3 bulk carriers with WBTS ( the first Green Ship of Hyundai Mipo Dockyard)

6. Company: Wartsila Singapore
Position: MC, Mechanical/Electrical Commissioning team for H7063 RDV Vessel (Well Intervention Vessel/ROV) at Batamec-Indonesia
Location: BATAMEC, Batam, Indonesia
Inclusive date: July 1, 2012-October 3, 2012
Type of Ship: Drill Ship DP3 with ROV
Owner/Country: Norwegian offshore/ Norway
Classification Society: DNV
Brief description of work: Commissioning stage only for both Marine and topside

Scope of Work:
1.Conduct MC for all machinery, piping, control and electrical system.
2.Commission equipment base on Commissioning procedure for both marine and topside for drill ship.

7. Company: Wartsila Ship Design GMBH/Technolog Services
Position: Machinery Consultant – Project management
Inclusive date: June 1, 2010-April 30, 2012
Location: STX Offshore and Shipbuilding Company – South Korea
A)Type of Ship: 58K Bulk Carrier – 4 units
Location: STX Offshore and Shipbuilding Company – South Korea
Classification Society: ABS
Owner/Country: Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) – UAE
B)Type of Ship : 77K Product Carrier Tanker – 4 units
Location: STX Offshore and Shipbuilding Company – South Korea
Classification Society: LR
Owner/Country: Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) – UAE
C)Type of Ship: A13 Container – 9 units
Location: Samsung Heavy Industry – South Korea

Classification Society: GL
Owner/Country: United Arab Shipping Company (UASC) - UAE
Nature of employment: Project basis

Scope of Work:
1. Review all drawings related to Machinery, Piping and outfitting as a reference during inspection to include all memos and variation orders and selection of materials and equipment including procurement
2. Attend Factory Acceptance Test (FAT) and prepare report for all Machinery on board for both deck and ER, like Main Engine, Generators, Cranes, Boilers, Pumps, turbines and other machineries.
3. Supervising and monitoring of commissioning of all machineries on board ship according to the maker standard and Checking if the operation and safety standard is complied base on the rules, regulation and requirement of the Classification, Flag State, SOLAS, etc.
4. Upgrade the workmanship of the yard installation by making non-conformities to rectify and modify those items which are not on the standard practice of the yard, and not compliance with the SOLAS, IMO, IACS, class, flag state rules etc.
5. Attend other Inspection aside from machinery as assigned by superior like hull/structural, LSA and outfitting on board to include painting.

8. Company: Pelican Offshore Pte. Ltd. – a member of Penguin Boat Int’l - Singapore
Position: Project Engineer /In-charge (entire project from keel laying to delivery of ship)
Inclusive date: January 14, 2008 – May 15, 2010
Location: Penguin Shipyard International -Singapore
Type of Ship: Fast Supply Intervention Ship (FSIV) – 3 units and Diving Boat – 2 units (Esnaad 810/811/812)
Classification Society: ABS
Owner/Country: Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) - UAE
Nature of employment: Project Basis
Reason for Leaving: Company has no more Project.

Job Description:
1. Project Engineer of FSIV, Diving Boat, DP ships and other offshore support ship as ADNOC and ESNAAD as main client
2. Review all drawings from designer and submit comments and suggestion.
3. Liaise with supplier, vendor, contractor and class surveyor.
4. Resolve unforeseen Technical and trade problems in the unit
5. Monitors cost of work being performed specifies materials needed and arrange procurement.
6. Ensures schedules are met in accordance with the prepared plan and schedule or report non compliance.
7. Doing modification of drawing and submit for approval.
8. Inspect and review the progress of the job, complementing and disapproving when and where necessary.

9. Company: Dena BMS Co, Ltd. (work in ARAMCO West Pier)
Position: Estimator promoted to Ship Repair Manager
Inclusive date: July 4, 2007 – January 7, 2008
Location: Saudi Arabia
Reason of leaving: Delayed salary by sponsor
Nature of employment: Permanent
- Oversee various ship repair activities, identifies and coordinate all repairs, carried out on board and liaise with ship owners, superintendents, classification societies, Engineering and production staff directs, coordinate non supervisory contractor employee and provide a variety of trade works and service in performance of new construction, installation, alteration, maintenance, and repair on board vessels and around Saudi Aramco facilities.

Job Description:
1. Management of ship repair and dry docking activities for all vessel, offshore and shore equipment to include floating dock.
2. Manage and coordinate works of other contractor
3. Review and enforce contractor Loss Prevention Program
4. Resolve unforeseen Technical and trade problems in the unit
5. Monitors cost of work being performed specifies materials needed and arrange procurement.
6. Ensures schedules are met in accordance with the prepared plan and schedule or report non compliance.
7. Interprets prints, prepare lay outs, makes sketches, recommends changes in methods and to work plan for cost reduction.
8. Hears and attempts to resolve grievance and complaints and cooperates in the investigation of formal or informal discrimination complaints ensuring expeditious action
9. Responsible for establishing and providing the necessary services for the fulfill the operations needs, this includes assisting when and where necessary.
10. Inspect and review the progress of the job, complementing and disapproving when and where necessary.

10. Company: Al- Suwaidi Industrial Services Co., Ltd.
Position: Maintenance Engineer/Commissioning Engineer promoted to Mechanical Site Engineer – Project In Charge
Inclusive date: February 2001 to September 2006
Location: Saudi Arabia
Reason of leaving: Finished project
Nature of Employment: Project basis
Scope of work:
-Assign in various projects, maintenance and shutdowns on Petrochemical, Marine Structure and Oil and Gas as Project In-charge onshore and offshore. Assigned in Petrochemical Complex from different types of by-product.
.
List of Projects involved:
-Project In Charge- VCM Major Shutdown – Petrokemya (SABIC)
-Project in charge - Olefins III 2004 Turnaround - Petrokemya (SABIC)
-Commissioning Engineer - LDPE Project under Saudi Toyo – Petrokemya (SABIC)
-As Piping Engineer- Debottlenecking Project – YANPET –Yanbu Petrochemical (SABIC)
-Commissioning Engineer/MC -Debottlenecking Project (REFINERY) - SAMREF
-Major Shutdown 2005- SAMREF – Saudi Aramco Mobil Refinery
-Maintenance Contract - YANPET (SABIC)
-Saudi ARAMCO Offshore Platform Rehabilitation and offshore various repair
-Saudi ARAMCO Offshore Piping installation
-Saudi ARAMCO Ships Conversion, repair of jack up barge/platform (for offshore), repair, major rehabilitations.
-MARAFIC Power Generation shutdown and major repair

11. Company: San Juan Shipping Corporation
Position: Port Engineer
Inclusive date: August 1999 to February 2000
Location: Philippines
Reason of leaving: Venture in Business particularly in Engine Overhauling and other Marine works, shipbuilding, ship breaking

Job description:
1. In charge of repair and maintenance of all ship dock on port assign
2. Owner’s representatives during dry docking and major conversion,
3. Liaise with class surveyor, supplier, vendor, contractor
4. Conduct PM Service on all engines and other related on board machinery and off shore equipment such as trucks, forklifts, cranes and other light duty vehicles

12. Company: GMA Marine and Industrial Services Co., LTD- Aboitiz Employee Association
Position: Project Manager
Inclusive date: June 1996 to July 1999
Location: Philippines
Reason of leaving: Finished Project

Job description:
1. Project in charge, project preparation, commissioning in various projects for both marine and industrial plant that includes piping, structural, mechanical job and commissioning.
2. In charge of ship repair, ship conversion, modification, upgrading and shipbuilding in accordance to classification standard under contact with shipbuilding and shipyard company.
3. Contractor representative during dry-docking
4. In charge of various Engine Overhauling from various marine company and power plant.
5. Arrange procurement of materials and equipment to be use in each project

13. Company: Astir Engineering Works Inc. – Aboitiz Group of Company
Position: Sales/Project Engineer
Inclusive date: October 1995 to June 1996
Location: Philippines

Reason of leaving: Recommended by management to transfer to Sister company for a special project.

Job description:
1. Supervise some contracts awarded by Tsunesieh Heavy Industries for Shipbuilding particularly in hull production, piping, machineries and attend during commissioning.
2. Supervise various Mechanical and piping projects in National Steel Corporation and Philippine Sinter Corporation.
3. Supervise various project from both industrial and marine to include marine engine overhauling.
4. Arrange procurement of materials and equipment to be use in each project

14. Company: Aboitiz Shipping Corporation-Cebu Engineering Division
Position: Management Trainee to Mechanical Supervisor
Inclusive date: February 15, 1992 to October 15, 1995
Location: Cebu, Philippines
Reason of leaving: Closure of engineering division and transfer to Sister company

Job Description:
1. In charge of fabrication shop to include, machine shops, mechanical shop, welding shop.
2. Supervise shop overhauling of engine to include shop test.
3. Monitors farm out of works.
4. Supervise emergency repair on board that needs precision measurement and machining especial during overhauling of engine rating 7000 hp and above.
5. Assist staff in design and dry docking of various ship within the company.

Curriculum Vitae
Contact this candidate