Mike Murray
Lino Lakes, MN 651-***-**** ad8vp9@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn.com/in/mike-murray

Project Manager, Vendor Manager and Audit and Compliance Leader

Technology integration and transformation professional bringing extensive field experience, project management, leadership, SOC/SOX audit and compliance management along with a broad range of installation and infrastructure know-how. Collaborative leader who stimulates strong employee engagement and buy-in from end users and service providers. Accomplished project and vendor manager who generates inclusive plans that deliver quality results and meets deadlines. Delivers value through collaboration, budget management and building relationships.

Skills
Identity and Access Management Security Hardware Software Management Compliance Management Risk Management Project Management Cost Tracking Vendor Management Regulatory Audit Processes Computer Information Systems Infrastructure Management Data Mapping/Flow Charts Project Planning Asset Management

Tools

Scrum Methodologies Azure Methodologies Agile Process Management Information Security JIRA SHAREPOINT Collaboration NIST ITIL ITSM Service Now PAC 2000/ Remedy VISIO TEAMS MS EXCEL MS 365 Office 365

Technologies

Hitachi Data Domain Teradata and EDA Environments SUN IBM I-Series Cisco Mainframe SAN/NAS Storage DELL HP Oracle F5

Professional Experience

Senior Technology Business Systems Consultant
January 2021 – Present
Wells Fargo Bank, Minneapolis, MN

Leads compliance and audit functions to ensure rigorous adherence to SOC and SOX standards across a network of 40+ global data centers. Manages risk, audit execution, and maintains flawless documentation for all compliance activities. Maintains vendor relationships, project oversight, and strategic downsizing of data center facilities while ensuring all processes are compliant with internal and external regulations.

Achieved 100% compliance with SOC and SOX standards by overseeing detailed audits and validating all processes across multiple global sites, ensuring all documentation was accurate and error-free.
Conducted and reviewed 15-20 media sweeps monthly, managing the audit and validation of over 2,000 pages of compliance documentation each month to uphold stringent regulatory standards.
Streamlined data center transitions, including onboarding and off boarding of sites, while ensuring all compliance protocols were meticulously followed during the downsizing and consolidation of facilities.
Enhanced operational security by managing vendor processes related to media destruction, conducting on-site audits, and ensuring all procedures were documented and validated against regulatory requirements.
Aligned internal and external procedures by leading process improvement initiatives and implementing new compliance steps and obtaining approvals that strengthened overall audit and compliance frameworks.

Network Implementation Manager (remote)
January 2016—January 2021
Wells Fargo Bank, Minneapolis, MN

Led the organization through 7-10 comprehensive technology upgrade projects weekly with little to no impact to service by managing end-to-end processes for a stream of data conversion, equipment & software upgrade, merger & acquisition data integration, and other IT projects. Managed 30 concurrent projects.

Project Management
Ensured clear understanding for requests by validating with the Line of Business which lead to requirement discussions, write and review change requests, and then delegation of tasks to vendor.
Maintained peak equipment performance and availability by proactively managing equipment lifecycles and collaborating with Line-of-Business contacts to plan change outs for uninterrupted business activity.

Network Engineer 5
September 2009 – December 2016
Wells Fargo Bank, Minneapolis, MN

DCM-Data Center Manager and Business Consultant leader guiding specialized teams to ensure seamless data storage, information exchange, security, and reliable technology operations. Sharpened the corporation's competitive edge by managing continuous flow of data by leading a diverse group of technical teams to coalesce around diverse cross-section of work groups and achieve common objectives.

Data Center Management
Facilitated smooth data center ops by educating and enforcing policies, providing world-class customer service to all business units, coordinating operational support and access management of data center.
Oversaw an average of 25 projects concurrently ranging from 1 to 6 months addressing cross-platform needs, SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) management, and other requirements.
Relationship Management
Consulted with business group leaders to support vital operations and meet absolute requirements for performance integrity along with financial and confidential information security.
Vendor Management
Fast-tracked 100k+ upgrade projects by creating bill of materials (BOM) and initiating PO for Infrastructure implementation, power, hardware installs, space planning and cabinet installation/planning and more.
Coordinated with 5 specialized vendors for overnight ops and delivered uninterrupted service.
Collaborated with business lines and sent regular communications for holistic planning and execution.
Led carrier services projects with vendors such as Century Link, Zayo, Verizon, AT&T and Level 3 to meet needs including cabinet space, power, infrastructure, cable tray supports, racking, cabling of hardware.

Education & Certifications

White House Communications Coordinator, 2000 – 2008
Certified Data Center Management Professional (CDCMP), 2016
Contact this candidate