JODY S. KNOX, PMP, ITIL
303-***-****
ad8w9h@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over twenty years of diverse management and consulting experience managing projects within private and public sector.
Telecommunications, utility, banking and finance related environments, healthcare, state and local government, Native American Tribal initiatives, mining and oil/energy and insurance industries.
Unemployment Insurance Services, Health and Human Services, Retirement Services, Department of Revenue (Tax) for State and local governments
Utilize PMI PMBOK knowledge areas of integration, communication, scope, procurement, resources, budget, and schedule, quality, and risk management, change management, human resource management, RFP/RFQ process, procurement, vendor, and stakeholder management. Directing projects from start to finish including planning, initiation, execution, monitoring, and closure. Complete project documentation throughout lifecycle e.g., charter, schedule, budget, cost benefit analysis, performance metrics (KPI), resources etc. utilizing multiple document repository applications/databases. Project management office (PMO) environment(s) with PMM/CMMI maturity levels ranging from level 1-5. Conducted market search, cost and function analysis based on company requirements, lead RFP and procurement processes, vendor review and selection process, and negotiated vendor contracts for commercial off-the-shelf products (COTS) and third-party vendor support/resource contracts.
Programs and projects include digital/cloud based (SaaS, PaaS, UCaas), unified communications and audio/visual, on premise VoIP, PBX, subnet remediation and hosted telephony systems, software application development, IT Infrastructure, O365, business process development and improvement, website/webpage creation, service/support and practice controls, creation of metrics and reporting processes, application development, system migration and integration, system, quality testing, performance, and UAT testing, operations, business intelligence, customer relationship management, data management center migration, business continuity and disaster recovery, data warehousing and migration, implementation of cloud based application and data migration to the cloud based platform(AWS), data and asset and ERP management and utilization, risk management and mitigation, vendor management, contract negotiation, merger, acquisitions,(IT systems, resources, and processes), budgeting, statistics, and business case and proposal creation. Contact center call flow development.
Methodologies include SDLC, waterfall, RAPID, RUP, ITUP, Agile, SAFe, SCRUM, iterative, and hybrid.
Strong leadership, team building, risk management, HR management, stakeholder management, analytic and problem-solving skills. Process development (repeatable processes and/or automation).
Superior written and verbal communication and enterprise level documentation.
Team sizes from 10 – 150. Budgets from $8K - $100M+. Conducting status presentations for all levels of management as well as global teams.
Various tools include MS Office software suite (PowerPoint, Excel, Word) MS Project, Project Server, Primavera, Clarity, JIRA, Azure Dev Ops, Confluence, Tableau, Skype, Zoom, ServiceNow, MS SharePoint, Teams, Lotus Notes, Smartsheet, MS Access, Visio, SQL, Oracle database, ERP, financials and Oracle Enterprise Tax System, Crystal Reports, Service Manager, ServiceNow, Remedy, Salesforce, AWS, CRM & Business Intelligence, and vulnerability scanning tools and more.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

M9 Solutions – TD SYNNEX - State/County Dept of Revenue Jul 2024 – Present
Program Director
Short term project to develop product sales presentation for customer requested demonstration, RFP submission of software application, cloud management, program management process and maintenance operations for state/county department of tax revenue. Create presentation slides based on requested client data and agenda. Created and participated in presentation/demonstration of application, and program management process, schedule, budget per RFP/RFQ requirements.

Telecommunications Development Corp (TDC) - Dept of Employment Services Mar 2022 – Jun 2024
Sr. Project Manager
Manage Unemployment Insurance Technology Modernization project of scope and schedule, including requirements, issue tracking and resolution, risk analysis and mitigation, quality testing. Develop business process documentation for Unemployment Insurance Technology Modernization/Refresh Project. Project manager interfacing with Paid Family Leave (HHS and Childcare) and UI Benefits, with Audits and Appeals modernization projects. Technology refresh (software development) from mainframe to web-based functionality. Develop and document, procedures for status, change control, and change management, risk management, issue resolution, project metrics, & training, cybersecurity and vulnerability scanning requirements. In coordination with procurement, and IV&V team, review and manage service provider/vendor RFI/RFP and procurement contract and SOW. Point of contact for IV&V team for identified issues, risks, documentation as well as any outstanding requirements, etc., Establish and work the plan for mitigation, resolution, and completeness. Collect data for federal reporting to meet APD requirements. PMO vendor oversight and development of status, metrics for executive reporting for director level. Analysis of outstanding problem incident report items to determine resolution based on contract or if required, vendor negotiation. Frequent documentation of project lessons learned. Develop standard operating procedure and workflow documentation for UI Tax.

American Unit -- Texas State Department of Health and Human Services - Remote Sep 2020 – Feb 2022
Sr. Project Manager
Project management for multiple projects including reporting per Federal Center for Disease Control (CDC) requirements, immunization provider registrations, approvals, and related projects. Develop new review processes, interface with the business units within the State Department of Health Services. Other projects included SharePoint migration project, Unified Communication implementation project, oversight and implementation of new provider approval software. Cybersecurity project, IT/OT security, establish and documentation of internal security processes, vulnerability, quality testing and UAT testing. Responsible for maintaining the timeline for these projects, reporting status, schedule, and action items. Work to identify project risks and resolve them before they become issues and resolution of any issues. Work closely with the IV&V team to ensure project requirements, & documentation were being completed per contract. Collect and present BCA, project purpose and expected outcomes as well as program statistics and progress to meet APD requirements on federally funded programs/projects. Developed and documented processes and procedures for incident/inquiry/response management via Salesforce.

American Computer Services Inc. – Transamerica - Remote Oct 2017 – Aug 2020
Sr. Project Manager
Manage implementation and upgrades of system and business processes to meet legal, finance and cybersecurity requirements. Payment Card Industry PCI regulatory compliance, NYDFS regulatory project that included application vulnerability scans and CCPA project to reduce PII information per regulations. Vulnerability tool(s) market search to identify/procure network, internal and external applications via new market tool search/purchase for application security, (internal threat) working with the CISO and IT/OT security. Third-party risk management processes and data retention and vulnerability management, dynamic, penetration and static testing. This includes new system development via Agile development processes with user stories and monthly sprints, utilize Kanban inventory of changes with the sprint. All testing including, quality testing, performance and user. Life and Healthcare product business process development, risk assessment and management, customer, and agent communications. Risk tracking, budget and status reporting, mitigation planning. Migration of data to cloud-based platform (AWS). Perform Risk Analyses on applications, third-party vendors, and audit processes to ensure adherence to enterprise policies. Implement new credit card processing to meet PCI requirements, locate and redact credit card and customer personal information from legacy data systems-environment, storage, etc. to meet PCI, NYDFS and CCPA data retention and electronic data purge requirements as well as IT data requirements relating to acquisitions and mergers. Develop cost benefit analysis on components and manage decommission and repurpose of underutilized network assets. Manage project to automate interactive customer-product communication and product suitability determination including system development utilizing a global team, implementation and develop new business processes, enterprise level documentation and training material. Project management includes all phases business case to project close. Matrix team environment with a strong emphasis on Risk Management

The Select Group- Cisco Systems Inc.- Remote Sep 2016 – Oct 2017
Program Manager
Manage multiple healthcare/hospital Cisco Unified Communication projects, (IVR) on premise and cloud (UCaas) migration of data centers as well as migration of multiple healthcare/hospital facilities nationwide from network assessment, remediation and modernization of LAN/WLAN, WAN/RWAN through the migration from analog with implementation of UC/UCCE, (IVR Contact center call flow development including audio/visual, conferencing, remote entrance etc.). Develop program and project budgets, determine costs, resource requirements, project governance processes, cost benefit analysis, risk management, resources, inventory control processes, schedules, status, and communication with client and executive management, stakeholders, and sponsors, as well as transition to operations support. Multiple shared document repositories within Cisco and client systems. Manage vendor and sub-contractor statements of work and change management as needed. Manage migration of phones/end points from analog to cloud based Cisco Unified Communications (UCaaS), design/develop IVR/ACD contact/call center call flows, call recording, business continuity, user communication and training. Deployments included products such as Cisco IP Communicator and video utilizing SIP SBC, PIC, PG & VG, GIS on digital platforms/network infrastructure.

TEK Systems – State Farm Insurance - Bloomington, IL Aug 2012 – Aug 2016
Project/Program Manager
Successfully manage Cisco Unified Communications migration projects from legacy Avaya analog telephony (PBX). Manage implementation and post implementation service/support. Developed KPIs to determine quality of each deployment, customer service and satisfaction metrics. Developed streamlined and repeatable deployment processes for each project role to meet the project aggressive schedules (375 deployment/year), maintain deployment quality of 97%. Perform vulnerability scans on network, and telephony applications. Developed and implemented contact center call flows, hunt groups, script/software development, quality testing and release for precision routing. Provisioned more than 50,000 end points nationwide utilizing Cisco UCCE Contact Center services and Cisco Unified Communications Manager/Call Manager (CUCM, CUC, CUSP). Creation of third-party vendor contracts. Manage schedule, risks, quality, HR resources cost/budget, change management, work breakdown structure, including business continuity plans, asset, and ERP management. Customer and agent communications. Provide status to all level of management. Develop intra-net page for user manuals/guides. Create and maintain document repositories e.g., SharePoint, and Lotus notes. Implementations included products such as CUCiLync, Cisco IP Communicator, and video utilizing SIP SBC, PIC, PG & VG, GIS. Co-manage physical migration of data center including business continuity planning, security plans, risk assessments and management, hardware component and application integration dependencies and migration, digital platforms, network infrastructure, call flow routing for telephony IVR/ACD contact/call centers, costs, resource requirements and support pre/post migration, as well as transition to operations support. Managed decommission of analog PBX once migration to digital telephony system complete. Managed multiple pilot roll-outs to business and agents as new technologies became available. Integration of other applications to the call center end user platforms. Managed special international project for merger/acquisition/transition of IT systems and telephony call centers/processes/change management. Assisted in rollout of Office 365 program to the business and the integration of new products, tools etc. associated.

Cloud Peak Energy – Gillette, WY Jun 2011 – Jul 2012
Sr. Program Manager
Manage multiple concurrent software implementation, infrastructure, and construction and mining programs such as: multiple MS Office product implementation projects, mobile data security and management console, Microsoft Office 365 implementation (COTS and developed), Azure, Kronos implementation. Performed business requirements gathering, cost benefit and function analysis based on company requirements, led RFP/procurement process, vendor review and selection process, and negotiated vendor contract for new telephony system. Then managed the migration from analog (PBX) based telephony system to new UC platform. Managed construction and relocation of site structures, transportation, and automation projects. Conducted market search, cost and function analysis based on company requirements, led RFP/procurement process, vendor review and selection process, and negotiated vendor contract for implementation of new mine planning software, GIS, SCADA, IT/OT and DCS functionalities for multiple mine sites. (SaaS & PaaS) Provide leadership and guidance for implementation of Project Management Office (PMO) including Project Management Maturity (PMM) analysis. Projects managed utilizing the waterfall methodology.

NextGen- Consultant – AT&T Telecommunications, Schaumburg, IL, and Remote Sep 2010 – Jun 2011
Project/Program Manager
Manage end-to-end infrastructure automation program for major telephony company. Program consists of six (6) concurrent multi-million-dollar projects. Using the waterfall methodology, oversee the project's scope, budget, timelines, resources, and estimates from third-party development vendors. Develop and maintain the project schedule, including timelines for testing and release. Develop and provide project metrics, monthly financial statistics with earned valued, and status for Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and audits, confirming the client is receiving quality product on time and within budget.

Independent Consultant -Standing Rock Telecommunications –Ft Yates, ND, and Remote Feb 2010 –Aug 2010
Sr. Project Manager
Nation’s only Native American owned start-up wireless (VoIP and WiMAX) Telecommunications Company. Manage all aspects of operations, rating, and billing systems, third party vendors’ contracts, asset management, customer relationship/marketing/sales. Create all operational functions to ready this company to open for business. Develop customer service processes, quality testing of product/service, ERP business processes, (order entry through provisioning and operations), create training documentation and conduct training sessions for new employees. Participate in roaming and interconnection agreement negotiations and implementation of agreement via billing, prepare and submit required reporting to FCC, CPNI, USAC and tax reporting on usage, customers, Universal Service Funds.
Establish financial assurances processes. Develop profitable marketing service/call plans to ensure revenue milestones are met. Manage e911 phase II implementation. Perform all duties as Universal Service Funds administrator, oversee ETC designation and customer distribution.

HP Enterprise Services/EDS/Saber Corp Virtual and On-Site (Customer based) Nov 2006 – Jan 2010
Program Manager – IT – Software Development

Infrastructure Development Project for Retirement, Health and Human Services and Unemployment Insurance Services.
Overall project management for development of proprietary software framework (SaaS) for future client modernization projects. Manage network vulnerability scans utilizing current tools, and researched new tools. Utilized Agile/SCRUM project methodology leading daily scrum meetings, development of story boards. Work with State and local government employees to develop business processes for new work flow system. Developed and managed project plan and schedule, monitored development releases, developed change management process, risk assessments, established and executed action plans to mitigate risk. Evaluated and reported progress to client executive sponsors and ensured milestones and deliverables were timely met. Cost and benefit analysis.

Unemployment Insurance & Tax Modernization (State Department of Revenue) Project and Software Framework -
Manage end-to end project from Request for Proposal (RFP), requirements identification, procurement/contract management, business process modeling and improvements through implementation of new technology system for Unemployment, Paid Family Leave, Audit, Appeals, Benefits, RUP methodology, System conversion, integration and customer relationship as well as manage and mentor international development and analyst teams. Conducted joint application development sessions (JADS) to produce and document requirements, use case development, and define and illustrate business process models, create requirements matrix and develop associated test cases and tracking of defects. Determined resource requirements and staffed project accordingly. Composed training documentation then conducted training for new business analyst and development resources. Established and managed project plan and schedule, monitored development releases, developed change management process, managed project budget and customer invoicing. Created risk assessment and mitigation plan and developed quality assurance plan. Developed change control process and procedures for implementation specification changes or additions. Set customer expectation and report progress to client executive sponsors. Ensured milestones and deliverables were met. State and City (local) government clients.

Employee Retirement Services Software Development Project
Workforce, Disability, and Industrial Affairs. Assumed control of existing customization/modernization project to decrease outstanding issues, conduct quality testing of products, obtain client acceptance of implemented product, close initial project and enhance client relationship. Waterfall methodology. Managed project schedule, budget, and global development teams. Reduced outstanding project and development issues by 40% within first 90 days and significantly improved customer/client relationship. Managed issue and release plan and process, Developed change management process increasing customer confidence in overall control. Identified new opportunities, estimated associated cost, resource requirements and composed proposal for expanded scope thus increased contract total value by 10%. Developed plan and schedule for new system enhancements. Elicited requirements (user stories) via one-on-one interviews with users. System updates followed Agile development process with biweekly sprints. Established and documented on-going support and maintenance plan. Performed post implementation client review.

CTG – Alaska, Anchorage Alaska –
Project Manager Apr 2005- Nov 2006
Client project management for multiple concurrent projects relating to IT, telecommunications, data management, oil and gas, government, and business operations and modernization projects. Functionality implemented included retail Point of Sale (POS), GIS functionality, SCADA and DCS as well as real-time reporting and dashboard functionality. This included upgrades to pipeline maintenance functionality projects. Provided project support for merger and acquisition activities for local client. Completed assessment of commercial-off-the-shelf products (COTS). Development of all customization of software utilizing global development teams. Conducted JAD sessions to elicit and document requirements. Managed RFP process/procurement to perform market search for products that met highest priority requirements utilizing Kepner-Tregoe. Negotiated vendor contracts for purchase of this product as well as on-going support maintenance contracts. Training of business analysts and developers on proper documentation of requirements, use cases, and test scripts, quality testing results and defect and requirement tracking. Developed project plans and schedule and defined associated domestic and international resource requirements. Waterfall methodology. Completed cost analysis, work, and resource estimates for proposals. Managed project scope and change management process. Conducted risk assessment and established mitigation plan. Determined performance criteria and metrics as well as maintained quality testing and controls.

Technology Staffing Resources, Inc., Virtual Office
Consultant - Program Manager Feb 2004- Mar 2005
Telecommunications and Utility Billing/Revenue Assurance Analyst –
Support development of new carrier billing and validation software product. Validated telecommunication carrier invoices for LIDB, CNAM, and Unbundled Network Element (UNEP) carrier to ensure compliance with tariffs and inter-company agreements and tax computations. Utility billing for electrical and natural gas companies. FCC reporting. Established dispute process, coordinated customer negotiations through resolution. Defined requirements for exception reporting, validation of inter-carrier accounts receivable and payable invoices. Merger and acquisition relating to IT systems, subject matter expert on telephony data. Developed training documentation and conducted training sessions on telephony usage data, collection, analysis, processing, billing, and validation as well as asset management.

RV Traveler’s Discount Book, LLC – Denver, CO President – Project Manager Feb 2003-Apr 2005
Managed entrepreneurial venture to write, publish, and market a national discount book for recreational vehicle owners. Direct market and via developed website. There were 10,000 books in print during 2004

Comcast/AT&T Broadband/Media One – Denver, CO Jan 1999-Feb 2003
Director of Data Management
Managed portion of IT and systems transition team for merger and acquisition both from Media One to AT&T as well as the AT&T to Comcast mergers. Managed implementation of Oracle data-warehousing system. Created business case, presented to, and obtained executive budget committee approval, RFP process and procurement of for new data management/data warehousing system to ensure revenue and cost accuracy. Managed end-to-end project to collect telephony usage, analysis, reporting and error correction via the proprietary business intelligence software developed. Translated business needs into written business requirements and functional design documents Created test cases. Established repeatable process methods and procedures to collect, analyze, report data within switch network and billing systems that 1) increased collections by 25% and reduced disputes by 73%, 2) provided accurate and reliable tracking of customer invoices, 3) realized a net savings of over $53 million in 18 months. Developed training documentation and conducted training sessions with new resources, managers, and consultants to ensure continuity throughout the project and new department. Managed cross-functional team to complete a switch standardization and asset management project to ensure accuracy of recordings and review interconnection (inter-company) agreements, FCC, and carrier tariffs to determine rating, pricing, tax computation, and dispute criteria. Based on GIS technology, provided recommendations to Engineering, Network Planning, IT, Marketing and Legal to improve routing, connections, and rating for current and future contracts. Conducted proof of concept of collection, analysis, and data storage for third party vendor new business intelligence/CRM software. Served as subject matter expert for merger related activities and system conversion and consolidation as well as represented company at industry forum (ATIS-Order and Billing Forum) as a member of the Message Processing Committee and VoIP sub-committee to create standardized usage format for Voice and VoIP

MCI WorldCom, Dallas, TX Jan 1995- Jan 1999
Project Manager
Managed call-to-rate mapping, identification, and analysis project. Established and implemented processes for local rating and telephony productions management, developed correction of erred records and billing processes. Identified and documented new rating system requirements. Developed and implemented test plan and conversion plan. Lead billing and rating system conversions reducing errors by 75% to 95% respectively. Developed training documentation and conducted training sessions for new department employees. Other positions: Subject matter expert assigned to the M&A team/project. Prepared documentation, general ledger inputs, accruals, and federal reporting for conversion of fixed assets and tax relating to the purchase, installation, turn-up of optic fiber. Managed accounts payable department staff of 15. Collection, acquire approvals and check creation and distribution for all MCI Corporate payables.

Varied finance operations, project management, customer service positions

Michigan National Bank, wire transfers department, proof operations team lead
American Express Services Company - Customer Service Representative (Call Center)
Certified Financial Planner Business analyst - manage firm and partner’s bank accounts, statement reconciliation, prepare Schedule K for executive partnership tax returns.
Bookkeeper- customers included Telecommunications, Attorneys, Lawn Service, HVAC, Land Management company
Real Estate agent in the States of Utah and Colorado (2003 – 2007) (Keller Williams)

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management Institute (PMI) - Project Management Professional (PMP®) (2006 - 2025)
Mining Safety Health Administration Certification (MSHA)
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITILv3) (certification 2011)
Agile Software Development (2009) currently working towards AGILE Certification (PMI-ACP) & Risk Management Certification (PMI-RMP)
SCRUM (2009)
Oracle Enterprise Tax Management (2008)
Rational Unified Process (RUP) (2006)
Colorado and Utah Real Estate License (2003)
Contact this candidate