ad8wbx@r.postjobfree.com net Aurora, SHARON SUMMARY / linkedin.IL DAWKINS-60542 AND com// PROFILE in/(630) sharon-DOBY 337.dawkins-5307 doby-98018510 Operations Management Professional
Technically inclined leader with proven success elevating customer service standards, driving team excellence, and optimizing operational workflows within highly regulated telecommunication Resourceful lifecycles, engagement, complex technical identifying Skillful mutual Core Environmental Network Continuous Team Competencies Leadership objectives, in Virtualization issues, project offering leading, operational Process and developing Health implementing solution-management & strategic as inspiring, Development Improvement well Safety and Technologies strategic as oriented leadership, performance a and Compliances successful standards. innovative training communication professional and experienced gaps, cross-PROFESSIONAL Out-streamlining solutions, Customer Technical Strategic Regulatory and of-functional with environments. the-plans, fostering Customer box ensuring a Planning Project Service technical track and Compliances thinker, teams EXPERIENCE positive enhancing record Service Management & optimum & to processes. Satisfaction known Execution attain customer of OSHA Advocate company success optimal customer for Credible executing relationships. an optimizing performance reputation. Environmental Customer Creative Operational Strategy satisfaction, history quality of project & Problem-& Adept Innovation fostering levels check User Excellence and Health and at Experience solving adhering and procedures, navigating employee program & achieve Safety. to AT&T - Aurora, IL, Chicago, IL
GNFO Network Operations Manager
11/Oversee across staff SBC/ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü ü 2008 on Ameritech 26 Closely customer project Cultivated thinking Leveraged Family ensure Offered optimal Exercised established Formulated potential. Managed budget. Implemented rates. Orchestrated Strategized Acted Consistently Led consolidation Delivered Achieved a responses daily Central – 09/a as team to and effective scopes, 2023 collaborated service insightful and Director - a achieve overtime, business Offices. strategic Chicago, and an the 1% for annual for objectives. that strategic rated actions. multiple extensive project. efficient exerted AT&and overtime and authority standards. project achieved in Maintain pre-as training basis. leadership, T and ensured deliver Wheaton, contractor planning communication "and defined exceeds concurrent approaches influence quality network technical completion. rate to engaged effective annual compliance sessions regulatory structure within for goals resulting expectations" IL check coordination, of in potential objectives, cross-cost internal customer with to and solutions. team. for services procedures, attain with compliance savings and objectives, in functional Engagement technicians successful Maintained work contacts Environmental align adapt in relationships corporate and and annual of stoppages. workforce Central resulting product projects $while in operational 3M within launch and technology Managers KPIs reviews. to objectives, leading Office managers, and requirements, and 5M on and Safety in of scheduling first a with a through outside programs, daily, issues. guidelines and notable cross-areas. & high-external earning Health optimizing consulting monthly, functional of Manage speed successful while 50% Service foster some regulations and third recognition system decrease adhering weekly, a client with architects their team plans Line, global/parties completion a in relationships, Geography, of skill global for and in the in to off-10-to for both alignment repeat to a shape state yearly sets shore 22 set advancement scope. comprehend of technicians facility to corporate of strategic a teams and dispatch basis. Illinois. uphold switch define with Skill and to Digital Operations Group, Network Operation Manager 11/2002 – 11/2008
Served Customer management various comprehensive Manager gaps. ADDITIONAL ü ü ü ü ü as Spearheaded Enabled training Directed Coordinated Accomplished external in the Service FOW-Customer Lead EXPERIENCE programs. root seamless installation North. Technicians. projects, Manager and a cause successful 24/Service streamlined Developed transition 7 analysis operation, and for results, Technicians the maintenance negotiations Leveraged Chicago corrective of to operations and including sub-identify rate sub- strong within Hastings with of action of Special technicians overseeing underlying IBEW processes, a the leadership team Garage. plans FOW-Services unions, comprising external and into issues North Oversaw ensuring capabilities using and implemented Hi-in and cap projects, Official 8-effective a and 10 24/technology areas performance managers guided 7 Company and results, operation. processes for communication supervised improvement. a roles team and and Services optimization. Developed up to by sub-of address to 24 implementing a processes. 120 across skills. team non-Served technicians. and management performance Chicago. of Conducted managed 15 as cross- Lead non- AT&T and Ameritech/SBC - Wheaton, IL & Itasca - IL V Special Services Center Provisioning Manager, Network Operations 03/2000 - 11/2002
Ameritech New Media - Itasca, IL
V Team Leader, Personal Assistant
04/1996 - 03/2000 EDUCATION AND OTHERS
Waubonsie High Certifications School Diploma Valley High School - Aurora, IL Technical Microsoft VVOPS schedule ü ü ü ü ü ü ü / EH&Ameritech Ameritech Smith Green ATA Ameritech Lucent / Windows Proficiencies Business S Member, Certified Driving Belt Centru CPR Mosaix Wilson Project Objects / Ameritech Certified Lotus Certified / WFA Learning Certified Management Notes / (2022) Tirks Leadership / Assessment-Microsoft / Verify Certification Training Fax Office Ameritech / Acis Suite, / NMA for including Leadership / TEMS Word Reporting Skills & Excel, AWT / Predictor and Membership-Power & Dialers Point Budgeting / / Express GCAS / E- /
Contact this candidate