TP
Thomas Paparo
Professional Summary
Focused Project Manager/Painting and Carpentry subcontractor adept at planning budgeting, directing and maintaining continuous jobs in various departments of home improvement. Brings 17 years experience in keeping efficient production in accordance with quality standards and safety procedures . Applying creative and analytical approach to future and existing clients. Skilled at identifying or anticipating problems and providing solutions. Excels through mentoring, training and empowering team and self to excel in performance. Work History
Paparo Home Improvements - Foreman/Project Manager Warminster, PA
07/2006 - Current
Mikes Bar And Grill - Prep Cook
Warminster, PA
05/2002 - 05/2004
● Recruited and oversaw personnel to achieve performance and quality targets. Coordinated material procurement and required services for projects within budget requirements.
●
● Met project deadlines without sacrificing build quality or workplace safety. Provided detailed technical and operational direction in project challenges, making sure deadlines are met.
●
Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage performance.
●
● Monitored project progress, identified risks and took corrective action as needed.
● Prepared and submitted project invoices for review and approval.
● Developed and initiated projects, managed costs, and monitored performance. Developed and implemented project plans and budgets to ensure successful execution.
●
Monitored project performance to identify areas of improvement and make adjustments.
●
Maintained open communication by presenting regular updates on project status to customers.
●
● Planned, designed, and scheduled phases for large projects. Followed strict standards for food handling and safety, minimizing risks to customers.
●
● Monitored food quality and presentation to maintain high standards. Preserved freshness of food by storing food in designated containers and storage areas within freezer or refrigerator.
●
● Prepared and served various food items in a fast-paced environment.
● Coordinated checklists to keep kitchen clean, stocked and sanitary. Maintained clean, hygienic kitchen workspace by sweeping, mopping, and taking out trash.
●
● Identified inefficiencies leading to improved productivity. Operated dishwasher and manually washed dishes to clean all chinaware, silverware, and cooking utensils.
●
● Kept kitchen clean and organized by performing daily maintenance tasks. Received shipments and placed items on proper shelves to restock and organize restaurant pantry.
●
ad8wru@r.postjobfree.com
267-***-****
Levittown, PA 19055
Skills
● Project Planning
● Safety Protocols
● Project Estimation and Bidding
● Cost Containment
● Contract Negotiation Expertise
● Project Management
● Staff Training
● Microsoft Office Suite Expertise
● Managing Subcontractors
● Managing Multiple Projects
● Restoration Projects
● Interior Renovations Painting/Carpentry
Education
07/2004
William Tennent High School
Warminster, PA
High School Diploma
06/2004
Middle Bucks Institute of Technology
Jamison, PA
Carpentry
Contact this candidate