R I CHARD GREEN
E X P E R I E N C E
Inbound Receiving Worker HD Supply
September 2021 - Present
Complete tasks such as loading, unloading,
sorting, picking, stocking, staging, fabrication and transportation of goods.
Load and unload materials to and from
designated storage area, such as racks, shelves,
or vehicles. Stack or pile materials, such as
lumber, boards, or pallets
Install protective devices, such as bracing,
padding, or strapping, to prevent shifting or
damage to items being transported.
Verify computations against physical count of
stock.
Maintains condition of work area (i.e. free of trash, product in correct location, etc.). Follows
company safety policies and procedures and
encourages other associates to do the same.
Receive and fill orders or sell supplies, materials, and products to installers and subcontractors.
May drive truck to pick up incoming stock or
deliver materials to designated locations or
operate forklift or other machinery in order to
complete tasks.
Performs other duties as assigned.
LPI Agent Standard Parking Plus October 2011 – June 2017, October 2022 - Present
Perform assigned nightly License Plate
Inventory (LPI) tasks as instructed
Inventory vehicles parked overnight on Airport
property
Accurately enter license plate information into
database
Assist parking patrons with customer service
pertaining to Airport parking information
O B J E C T I V E
To become a successful computer
drafter and project manager in the
future.
ricaltgreen26@
gmail.com
678-***-****
EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree September 2016
ITT-Tech
Project Management in Construction
Associate’s Degree September 2014
ITT-Tech
Associate of Applied Science Degree
Computer Aided Drafting and Design
S K I L L S
Microsoft Office Suite 2010 (Word,
Excel, PowerPoint) Microsoft Project,
CostWorks
Auto-Cad 2012, Revit 2012, Inventor
Pro 2012, 3D Max 2012, Photoshop
CS5.1, Illustrator CS5.1
2
General Warehouse Associate TJX Companies
October 2018 – June 2021
Count, select and sort items by style, color,
store order or other criteria
Match receipts against purchase orders
Pack or unpack merchandise in and out of
boxes
Ticket clothing, accessories, and other items
Load and unload merchandise from trailers
Manual lifting and handling of objects such as
totes, boxes, or garments
Assist maintenance mechanic in routine
troubleshooting and repairs
LPI Agent ABM-LANIER-HUNT June 2017 – October
2022
Perform assigned nightly License Plate
Inventory (LPI) tasks as instructed
Inventory vehicles parked overnight on Airport
property
Accurately enter license plate information into
database
Assist parking patrons with customer service
pertaining to Airport parking information
Sales Associate Home Depot May 1998 – January 2010
Assisted Supervisor with paperwork, maintain
interaction with other associates as needed
Mobile Ordering and Inventory Prep Associate
Paint Mixer and Home Décor Designer
Assist with Home Delivery service as needed
Contact this candidate