P a g e * *
nesmus Mulondo
Kampala, Uganda +256-***-******
ad8xjg@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
Professional Summary
Experienced Project Manager, strategic and detail-oriented with 10+ years of experience. Outstanding organizational, time management, planning, and problem-solving skills. Well-versed in collaborating with diverse stakeholders to ensure seamless programme implementation whilst meeting strict deadlines. Proficient in managing budget and cost expenditures and building and mentoring cross-functional teams to attain desired goals and drive positive outcomes. Professional Statistician with experience applying advanced mathematical theories and systems to develop effective solutions. Highly skilled in data analysis, technical writing and evaluating information reliability. Frequently use models and tables to evaluate large amounts of data.
Key Skills
Analytical Thinking
Attention to Details
Numeracy
Problem-Solving Skills
Evaluation
Team Leadership
Time Management
Digtal Litracy
Written and Verbal Communication
Work Experience
Programme Specialist, 2013 – Present
Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, Uganda Lead technical teams in delivering essential assistance for execution of Local Government Public Financial Management
(LG PFM) strategy within framework of Resource Enhancement and Accountability Programme (REAP). Offer support to cluster forum by facilitating co-ordination and tracking progress for execution of activities within relevant result areas. Build suitable teams to carry out REAP activities related to LG PFM for Service Delivery Cluster. Organise meetings for LG PFM technical teams. Keep accurate records of all project documentation.
Collaborated with REAP Management Support Unit and relevant authorities to revise project resource requirements, formulate budgets and procurement plans, and ensure timely resource direction for implementation.
Guaranteed preparation and distribution of reports in accordance with programme's implementation guidelines.
Partnered with Cluster Head to promote timely execution of programme work and sustainability plans and risk management in alignment with objectives.
Facilitated efficacy of Cluster Meetings in providing policy direction for PFM reforms.
Oversaw execution of LG PFM for service delivery cluster project's work plan by ensuring timely escalation and resolution of any policy, technical, or administrative issues within project's framework.
Managed and supervised various donor funded programmes and projects including UNDP, DANIDA, World Bank and UNCDF etc.
Participated in the design, implementation, periodic technical reviews and supervision of donor funded projects/programmes implemented in the Ministry of Local Government in Uganda PFM Systems Manager Jul 2014 – Jun 2019
Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, Uganda Supervised technical teams to offer essential support for execution of all LGPFM reforms within framework of Third Financial Management and Accountability Programme (FINMAP III). Headed daily LG PFM operations, such as contract management, and organised LG PFM Team status meetings. Informed regarding progress and budget of LGPFM project. Tracked employment of LG PFM project work plan, promptly addressed and resolved policy, technical, and administrative issues within project's framework.
Offered assistance to MOLG for resolving financial management issues during GOU's PFM reforms under FINMAP.
Automated financial management processes in 100+ local governments by leveraging Oracle-based IFMS and Microsoft Dynamics Navision-based applications Mid-range IFMS Tier 2 systems.
Facilitated transfer and capacity development of key IFMS users whilst regularly updating programme sustainability and risk management.
P a g e 2 2
Delivered technical assistance to Ministry of Local Government in Uganda for implementing activities under FINMAP III, funded by Government of Uganda and development partners and donors. Senior Financial Management Specialist Jul 2013 – Jun 2014 Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, Uganda Managed operations of the Public Financial Management Office (PFM) Office within Ministry of Local Government, Uganda. Supported enhancement of financial management systems in local governments by strengthening manual and computerised financial and accounting systems in areas without computerisation. Assisted Local Governments in utilisation of IFMS, including Oracle and Microsoft Dynamics Navision-based applications. Oversaw professional training of internal audit and finance staff. Enhanced internal audit function within local governments. Directed financial management reforms in local governments under FINMAP with focus on delivery and long-term sustainability, and carried out assigned tasks to ensure implementation of LGPFM reform programmes in Uganda.
Executed new financial and accounting regulations and internal audit procedures in local governments, whilst also guiding for usage of internal audit manual.
Planned and arranged capacity-building programmes with aim of improving skills of local government finance, accounting, and internal audit staff.
Spearheaded the development and implementation of various public financial management legislations, manuals and guidelines for the local governments in budgeting, accounting, auditing, procurement, and reporting requirements.
Additional Work Experience
Financial Management Specialist (2007-2013), Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development, Uganda Technical Advisor, Financial Management (2002-2007), Ministry of Local Government, Uganda Chief of Division Financial Management (2001-2004), Ministry of Local Government, Uganda Statistician /Financial Analyst, Decentralization Secretariat (1993-2000), Ministry of Local Government, Uganda Gathered numerical data, analyse it to look for trends and reported on them. Included:
Designing surveys and other ways of collecting data.
Assessing results.
Analysing trends.
Applying statistical methodology to complex data.
Using statistics to make forecasts and to provide projected figures.
Presenting information in a variety of formats.
Advising colleagues on trends observed in data and the implications of these.
Supervising junior statistical staff.
Assistant Data Manager/Analyst (1991-1993), Ministry of Trade and Industry, Uganda Statistician (1990-1991), Ministry of Trade and Industry, Uganda Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA) Oct 2003 - March 2006 Makerere University, Kampala, Uganda
Bachelor of Statistics (B Stat) Oct 1986 - June 1989 Makerere University, Kampala, Uganda
Membership
Prince2 Registered Practitioner–APMG International (UK), Licence No: P2R/7858433 Languages
English: Proficient
Contact this candidate