Michael Shambry
PH: 281-***-**** (C)
ad8xud@r.postjobfree.com

Project Manager
Summary of Qualifications Project Management Scheduling, Budgetary Parameters, Leading and Coordination, Cost Estimates, Documentation, Presentations, Capital Equipment Installs, Customer Relations, Vendor Relations, Regulatory Compliance, Retrofit / Modification IEC, NEC, Compliance, Computer and Technical Proficiencies, Office 365 Suite (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word), MS Project 365, Oracle, SharePoint, P6 Project Management and other Software applications.

Professional Experience

Project Manager – Equisales Associates LLC. January 2024 – September 2024
Manage Projects in the Low Voltage to High Voltage range up to 38kV. Post Sales to grave. Manage High Voltage Step Down Transformers projects, Power Control Rooms, Power Distribution Centers projects. Manage Schedule, Logistics, Manpower needs including Manage Contractors, Vendors and Supplier Pricing, Manage Civil Engineering Teams when needed. Partner with Manufacturing Engineering to complete customer specification requirements prefabrication through As Built- IOM process.

Project Manager – Powell Electrical Systems July 2018 – January 2024
Manage Projects in the Low Voltage to High Voltage range up to 38kV. Post Sales to grave. Manage High Voltage Step Down Transformers projects, Power Control Rooms, Power Distribution Centers projects. Manage Schedule, Logistics, Manpower needs including Manage Contractors, Vendors and Supplier Pricing, Manage Civil Engineering Teams when needed. Partner with Manufacturing Engineering to complete customer specification requirements prefabrication through As Built- IOM process.

Maintenance Supervisor IV January 2017 – July 2018 Texas Department of Criminal Justice Huntsville, TX Manage maintenance and construction work, Supervise Maintenance and Construction offender workers involved in the installation, care, and repair of State Facilities and equipment. Given authority of considerable latitude for initiative and independent judgment. Manage, supervise, inspect, schedule, assign, prioritize, and participate in the general Maintenance and new construction, work, coordinate work assignments with other Supervisors to ensure efficient use of resources, and provide Technical expertise. Manage and prepare estimates for work hours, materials, and resources required for Electric Power Generation and Electrical improvement construction Projects, approve and initiate requisitions for materials and supplies, and prepare and make reports of and maintain records of repairs. Train and supervise offender maintenance and construction workers, and ensure compliance with applicable NEC and OSHA NFPA 70E safety, as well as State governmental regulations, and standards. Assist in maintaining security of assigned offenders. Trainer of NFPA70E – 2018

Project Manager FASTORQ April 2016 – August 2016 George A. Sturdevant, Inc. New Caney, TX
Reviewed and verified drawings, specifications, BOMs, work orders and material availability prior to and during manufacturing. Created and maintained the manufacturing production schedule. Tracked and reported progress to the manufacturing and project schedules. Created, maintained, and released manufacturing work orders for production. Monitored in-process work orders and communicated progress. Participated as a key-member of the Executive Staff, Project Team, and Engineering. Coordinated work and communication between Manufacturing, Engineering, Project Management, Suppliers, Vendors, Purchasing and Customers. Perform in-house expediting as needed and to maintain schedule deliverables. Requisition project materials, as needed. Maintain financial budgets and projected margins of each project. Lead all pre planning, project and production meetings.

Project Manager ELECTRONIC POWER DESIGN Houston, TX Jun 2013- July 2014

PROJECT MANAGER November 2011 - May 2013
LECTRUS CORPORATION Houston, TX A designer and manufacturer of custom walk-in/portable electrical equipment centers, generator enclosures, electrical enclosures and field office buildings.

PROJECT LEADER 2 January 2011 - June 2011 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY SERVICES Peoria, IL
The company provides managed services of production equipment maintenance, industrial part repair, and IT services to major Fortune-level manufacturing companies.

Education & Training

MASTER OF PROJECT MANAGEMENT KELLER GRADUATE SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT Houston, TX Significant course work in Project Administration, Contracts and Procurement, Project Cost and Control, Quality Control Academic Recognition: Sigma Beta Delta International Business Honor Society for Business, Management, and Administration GPA 3.8/4.0 – Concentration in Project Management, Technical Management, Human Resource Management
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE – Technical Management DEVRY UNIVERSITY
Concentration in Business Systems Analyst, Human Resource Management, Project Management
ASSOCIATE OF APPLIED SCIENCE – Electronic Engineering Technology DEVRY UNIVERSITY Pomona, CA GPA 3.8/4.0 - Concentration in Industrial Electronics, Solid State Circuits, Engineering Mathematics
Contact this candidate