OBJECTIVE
A strategic Executive Assistant with a
collaborative approach, I aim to
play a pivotal role in optimizing
organizational effectiveness and
supporting business values and
goals. Utilizing strong analytical and
problem-solving skills, I’m Seeking an
Executive Assistant role to leverage
my extensive administrative
expertise and problem-solving skills.
Yaselynn
Ugwubujo
Executive Assistant
Results-oriented and highly organized Executive Assistant with Ten plus years’ experience in providing comprehensive administrative support and project coordination. Proven ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, ensuring seamless office operations and contributing to the efficiency of cross- functional teams. Adept at leveraging strong interpersonal and communication skills to foster positive working relationships and drive successful outcomes.
CONTACT
• ad8x37@r.postjobfree.com
• 505-***-****
• Albuquerque, NM
EDUCATION
OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY
BA Environmental Science/Policy
2023
Project Manager Certificate
SKILLS
• Leadership
• Organization
• Project Management
• Administrative Support
EXPERIENCE
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT/ PROJECT MANAGER
PLATINUIM BUILDERS CORP.
Oct 22-Present
As Project Manager, I lead and executed projects from initiation to completion, ensuring successful delivery within scope, time, and budget constraints. With a solid background in project management methodologies, I bring a results-driven approach, effective communication skills, and a knack for problem-solving to drive project success.
SENIOR ADMINISTRATIVE COORDINATOR
TOO SWEET AUTO LLC
Jun 2017- Sept 2022
Coordinated and managed administrative processes, including scheduling, travel arrangements, and expense reporting, resulting in improved efficiency and cost-effectiveness. Assisted with marketing activities and communication. Composed and finalized presentations & documents for quality, high-level projects for Executive team.
Legal Assistant Intern
Smith & Stallworth P.A.
Aug 2015- Jun 2017
Assisted Law Clerk in daily office management tasks. Scheduling hearings, filing motions, trail preparation. Oversaw client intake and billing, and employee expense reports. Office supply manager and client correspondence liaison.
Office Assistant
Hospice Center for Care Center
May 2013 – Jan 2015
Primary responsibilities involved providing administrative support, communication management, office organization, record keeping, medical record requests and filing according to internal confidentiality and HIPPA regulations. Performed various clerical tasks, initiated team collaboration between various departments, and assisting with basic office functions.
Contact this candidate