About the job
Project Superintendent has full responsibility for the onsite production of the project. Superintendent is responsible for directing craftsmen and subcontractors, administering Quality Management System, assuring conformity to design documents, maintaining sequences to meet schedule, conducting jobsite meetings, scheduling owned equipment, and administering jobsite safety program toward an achievable goal of zero incidents. Superintendents are expected to conform to corporate policies and procedures, uphold ethical standards, and exemplify corporate values, with an emphasis on integrity and service. Superintendents report directly to General Superintendent.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Enforce Project-Specific Safety Plan and ensure compliance with all OSHA safety policies.
Plan and supervise Crew Leaders and craft activities. Determine method of construction, necessary manpower levels, material quantities, equipment, temporary power sources, and work schedule. Document actual hours worked.
Coordinate assigned work of different crafts, company departments, or other contractors.
Maintain liaison with Owner, Design Team, and Project Manager to ensure that work complies with drawings, specifications, and schedule.
Lead in developing and implementing plan of resolution for construction problems.
Maintain communications with Employee Services and/or Production departments to resolve disputes, requisition manpower, and correct safety issues, etc.
Daily detailed reporting of manpower, resources, safety, work progress, environmental conditions, and material delivery.
Accurately and thoroughly document existing jobsite conditions and work progress.
Thorough understanding of architectural, civil, and engineering plans and specifications.
Maintain open and positive direct lines of communication among Owner, Design Team, Project Management, General Superintendent, and Subcontractor Team.
Plan and lead jobsite meetings.
Proactively manage and drive construction schedules, engaging Subcontractor Team, Crew Leaders, and other Site Superintendents to accurately anticipate short-term and long-term schedule activities.
Administer Subcontracts to ensure compliance with contract language, scope of work, terms and conditions, and other provisions.
When required, provide accurate reporting of jobsite productivity, tracking quantities, man-hours, equipment-hours, delivery tickets, etc.
Collect, accurately code, and submit all delivery tickets, receipts, and invoices for Project Management team.
This job is safety sensitive for medical marijuana purposes.
All other tasks as assigned.
Education/Skill Requirements:
Educational requirements include a 4-year college degree or equivalent combinations of technical training and experience.
Career experience must include at least 5 years of supervision in commercial construction. Residential construction experience will not be considered.
Commercial construction experience must include construction means, methods, equipment, tools, and work procedures, as well as advanced understanding of construction scheduling, and cost control.
Commercial construction experience must include control and supervision of large groups of craftspeople.
Good written and oral communication.
Must be willing and able to speak before groups of people in project interviews and other presentations.
OSHA-30 trained.
Microsoft Office suite.
Scheduling software(s).
Proactively develop solutions to construction field issues that arise and follow appropriate communication protocol to implement solutions.
Carry out such other instructions, directions and duties as the Company may request from time to time.
Physical Demands:
Continuously sit, stand, or walk.
Bend, squat, climb stairs, and ladders.
Lift up to 20 pounds frequently and occasionally up to 50 pounds.
Work environment:
Job trailer/office or jobsite.
Work in extreme weather may be required.
Work in high elevations may be required.
Temporary relocation or travel may be required for projects out of town.
Contact this candidate