HEATH BARKER

Jacksonville, FL ***** 904-***-**** ad8xrf@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
High-achieving management professional possessing excellent communication, organizational and analytical capabilities. Devises innovative solutions to resolve business and technology challenges. Eager to advance business goals through careful team management.
SKILLS
Performance improvements
Work flow planning
Purchasing and procurement
Safety protocol
Document management
As-built development
Proficient in Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project and Excel
EXPERIENCE
11/2020 to Current
Project Manager
JW Building Construction LLC Jacksonville, FL
Handled continuous project monitoring and management, including developing forecasts, tracking expenses and approving payments.
Made changes to project scope and cost and implemented most effective change management processes to keep project up-to-date.
Managed building and system start-up to achieve project goals, specifications and contract requirements.
09/2016 to 10/2020
Project Manager
Sauer Construction Jacksonville, FL
Brought projects in on-time and in accordance with budget and quality standards.
Led subcontractor meetings to convey project requirements, scope, milestones and regulatory compliance.
07/2015 to 08/2016
Assistant Project Manager
BAE Shipyard Jacksonville, FL
Updated project plans based on changing objectives, specifications and staff availability.
Brought in additional project personnel and resources to meet demands.
Produced thorough, accurate and timely reports of project activities.
01/2012 to 07/2015
Superintendent
BAE Shipyard Jacksonville, FL
Evaluated plans and inspected ongoing construction to keep work in line with project goals.
Managed projects by coordinating materials, inspections and contractor tasks.
Managed safety of worksite and adherence to OSHA regulations by conducting on-site meetings.
Oversaw daily work of 8 workers using knowledge of local and national building codes for all areas of construction.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
05/2004
High School Diploma
Sandalwood High School Jacksonville, FL
07/2017
Associate of Arts: Construction Management
Florida State College At Jacksonville Jacksonville, FL
Expected in 05/2024
Bachelor of Science: Construction Management
University of North Florida Jacksonville, FL
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Promoted from APM to Project Manager, in less than 12-months
ACTIVITIES AND HONORS
Currently on the Deans List at UNF with a 3.6 GPA.
Member of The American Red Cross Volunteer Life Saving Corps
Contact this candidate