Krassimira Griffin
FEMA Emergency Management Consultant
1-650-***-****. Anaheim, CA
ad8xx4@r.postjobfree.com. http://www.linkedin.com/in/krassigriffin

Summary
Seasoned Emergency Management Specialist with experience in FEMA's Public Assistance and Mitigation programs. Demonstrated excellence in grant management and strategic partnership development.
Skilled in leading cross-functional teams to consensus in diverse environments. Proficient in Program Management Agile and Waterfall methodologies, poised to leverage leadership and technical acumen in supervisory emergency management roles.

Skills
Thorough knowledge of FEMA Public Assistance-related programs: Public Assistance, Hazard Mitigation, Emergency Management and Financial analysis
Program/ Project Management of multi-million-dollar complex, long-term program/projects
Extensive knowledge of FEMA Mitigation 404 and 406 programs
Working knowledge of FEMA BRIC and HUD CDBG-DR/MIT programs
Strong leadership and team building skills
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Outlook, and Adobe

Experience
FEMA PA Incident Manager
DHS.FEMA
Oct 2023- Present
Serving as Primary Point of Contact, between client, stakeholders, and project teams, providing exceptional service to applicants through prompt follow-up and a professional demeanor.
Auditing and/or reviewing recovery projects (programs) to ensure compliance with regulations and/or policies.
Leading and managing the execution of the DHS.FEMA PA programs and Mitigation plans, ensuring timely delivery and adherence to project goals and objectives.
Auditing and/or reviewing recovery projects to ensure compliance with regulations and/or policies.
Analyzing programs/processed for effectiveness and recommending improvements.
Assisting in developing mitigation solutions, programs and strategies related to emergency management such as infrastructure repairs.
Coordinating with state and local governments, cross-functional teams and private non-profit organizations, ensuring rapid response and recovery from disasters.
Facilitating meetings with clients, document performance, identify focus areas for enhancement or improvement, and define support needs.
Developing and maintaining project work plans, task trackers ( Grants Management Widgets& Tiles), work breakdown structures, executive briefings, standard operating procedures and other project management/delivery artifacts.
Reporting on completed and planned work, current and forecasted expenditures and project risks.

Independent Study Consultant
State of Hawaii Recovery and Resilience programs: DR-4724-HI
Nov 2023-Jan 2024
Propose a comprehensive recovery plan for Lahaina/Maui city post-wildfires, enhancing community resilience plan for the long-term recovery and rebuilding.
Conduct assessment and analysis of recovery needs, gaps, and opportunities for increased efficient and effective achievement of the desired outcomes.
Develop short/ long-term recovery plans, strategies, and products based on stakeholder input, best practices, and available resources.
Coordinate and guide partnerships ( FEMA- HI-EMA) and develop strategies to analyze, plan and address hazard risk and vulnerabilities.
Recommend the FEMA Recovery Support Functions ( Community Planning and Capacity Building, Housing, Infrastructure, Economic Recovery) for the long-term recovery and rebuilding of Lahaina city.

FEMA PA COVID-19 Closeout Specialist
Tidal Basin. RPHC inc.
Jun 2023-Aug 2023
AK-DR-4355-2 COVID-19 Pandemic: Cat. B projects: Perform the full spectrum of grants management activities through post award and closeouts.
Research details of contracts, invoices, payment logs, timesheets, purchase orders, procurement, and other documentation.

Disaster Response Specialist III (DRSPIII)
IEM Inc.
Nov 2022- March 2023
FDEM ( Florida Disaster Emergency Management) program: Provide Case Management expertise on behalf of the Florida Unite Us State- sponsored program.
Assist residents affected by the Sep’ 22 hurricane Ian with their emergency recovery: emergency housing, food, financial and medical assistance.

Senior Grants Specialist. FEMA Subject Matter Expert
ICF. Inc.
Jan 2021- Nov 2022
Apply policies and regulations to complex issues, offering subject matter expertise on Public Assistance policy, providing pivotal guidance to leadership, resulting in the streamlined approval process of grants in accordance with relevant requirements.
Conduct comprehensive audits and technical analyses of FEMA grant applications, ensuring data integrity and financial accountability.
Collaborate with stakeholders to resolve issues discovered during quality assurance ( DDD,SOW and Cost Estimate) reviews.
Interpreting and adhering to guidance, policy, and regulations in a predictable and consistent way.
Explaining guidance, policy, and regulations to partners and checking for understanding.
Ensure consistency in program delivery and development of quality grants.
Provide general programmatic assistance to Applicants ( COR3 Puerto Rico and LA School System).
Interpret and adhere to guidance, policy, and regulations in a predictable and consistent way.
Explain guidance, policy, and regulations to partners.
Review & Audit FEMA recovery projects to ensure compliance with regulations and/or policies ( grants, public assistance, hazard mitigation, etc.).
Maintain currency of and compliance with applicable state and federal grant management policies and procedures relating to recovery ( FEMA PA, Hazard Mitigation Assistance, 428 PAAP ( Public Assistance Alternative Procedures), and BBA (Bipartisan Budget Act ) programs.
Perform validation to FEMA-prepared grants.
Provide technical guidance to internal and external stakeholders on grants projects and/or services.
Conduct technical and financial analysis of federal grant applications ( FEMA project worksheets [PWs]) in comparison to COR3 ( serving the Government of Puerto Rico) – generated DDD, SOW, EHP, Insurance, and HMP PWs.
Audit grants for data integrity.
Conduct financial reconciliation of large project grant awards.
Identify potential impacts / implications of policy changes to Federal/State/Local programs.
Conduct project validation reviews and address any inconsistencies, special considerations, and compliance issues.
Ensure compliance with procurement procedures, Insurance, and Environmental and Historic Preservation (EHP) requirements.

Senior Business Consultant
Guide House Consulting
May 2020- Aug 2020
Senior Consultant, assisting COVID- 19 Category B Emergency Protective Measures Emergency Program Management teams.
Support COVID- 19 engagement teams through successful administration and management of CARES Act and FEMA PA funding to facilitate recovery in disaster-stricken communities.

Disaster Recovery Emergency Program Manager
DHS. FEMA
Dec 2015- Jun 2020
Facilitate the delivery of all aspects of the Public Assistance program to applicants.
Collaborate with stakeholders to resolve issues discovered during quality assurance review.
Interpreting and adhering to guidance, policy, and regulations in a predictable and consistent way.
Support document collection required to complete project worksheets and meet audit requirements for the FEMA PA program.
Provide guidance and oversight to clients and sub-recipients regarding program administration, policies, procedures, resolve related issues and concerns, and ensure uniformity in grant and contract management.
Manage and monitor the implementation, management, evaluation, and close-out of projects according to rules and regulations.
Ensure subrecipient compliance with FEMA and State requirements by overseeing agreements, contracts, expenses, and activities.
Lead teams of technical professionals and assist them in organizing and accomplishing the work.
Provide technical guidance to stakeholders on Emergency Management related activities.
Analyze and validate the accuracy and completeness of the work documentation on all types of Public Works Projects.
Coordinate with stakeholders regarding the administration of disaster assistance programs.
Review and validate Applicant-submitted documentation in support of Public Assistance grants.
Identify potential eligibility issues and address the issues in coordination with leadership in field and Consolidated Resource Center offices.
Oversee and direct assigned subordinates who conduct technical management and program reviews in support of program and operational requirements.
Business Development Manager
SoCal Solar Development
Apr 2012- Aug 2015
New business development in Solar/ LED energy sectors: public and commercial clients.
Coordinate development of Alternative Energy technical & financial proposals, private bidding, and acquisition of new contracts.
Early Career

Automotive Program Manager
SPX Inc.
Lead interdisciplinary teams, achieving project completion with a 95% client satisfaction rate.
Direct daily operations of project staff and client engagements, successfully meeting project milestones and objectives through effective planning and coordination.
Spearhead program and project budgeting processes, delivering quarterly and annual budget plans that optimized resource allocation and financial performance.
Coordinate and direct the day-to-day activities of assigned project staff and clients to achieve project goals and objectives.
Develop and implement recommendations for portfolio, program and project management (e.g., executive reporting, cross-team collaboration, milestone tracking, project planning).
Analyze programmatic issues, offer solutions.

Automotive Engineering
Chrysler Corporation
Thermal & Mechanical Engineering
Project Management
Education
MBA- Business Administration, University of Detroit Mercy. Detroit MI
BS- Industrial Engineering, University of Sofia. Sofia BG
PMP Candidate: Working on a test application in anticipation of future testing date confirmation
Certifications
FEMA EMI: NIMS ( National Incident Management System)
FEMA EMI: ICS ( Incident Command System)
FEMA EMI: NRF ( National Response Framework)
FEMA EMI: NDRF ( National Disaster Recovery Framework)
FEMA EMI: Climate Adaptation and Hazard Mitigation Certificate Program
FEMA Incident Management Academy: FEMA PA Emergency Management Managing Teams Training. Arlington, AL
FEMA EMI: Climate Adaptation and Hazard Mitigation Certificate Program
FEMA EMI: IS-1400: Foundations of Climate Science: Overview
FEMA Incident Management Academy: FEMA PA Program Management Overview. Arlington, AL
FEMA EMI: IS-212.b: Introduction to Unified Hazard Mitigation Assistance (HMA)
FEMA BRIC and CDBG-DT/ MIT Programs: Webinars online
FEMA EMI: IS-2000 National Preparedness Goal and System: Overview
FEMA EMI: IS-909 Community Preparedness
PMI ( Project Management Institute): Agile Program Management Certificate
FEMA PA Recovery: Public Assistance Technical Project Specialist Training. Pasadena CA
Contact this candidate