MEGHA ANUMULA

SCRUM MASTER AGILE PROJECT MANAGER
California · 951-***-****
Email · ad8x3p@r.postjobfree.com

Dynamic Scrum Master with over 8 years of experience in leading cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software products. Expertise in facilitating Agile ceremonies and implementing the Scrum framework to enhance team collaboration and productivity. Proven track record of delivering projects on-time and within budget.
SKILLS
Agile Frameworks: Scrum, Kanban
Project Management tools: JIRA, Confluence, Miro, MS Teams, Slack
Techniques & Principles: Backlog refinement, Sprint planning, User stories, Estimation, Velocity tracking, Burndown charts, Retrospectives
Others: AWS, Postman, SQL
CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)- June 2024
Certified Scrum Product owner (CSPO) – Aug 2022

EXPERIENCE
JAN 2022– TILL DATE
SCRUM MASTER AT NET PROWESS
Streamlined Scrum processes and facilitated Scrum ceremonies, reducing redundancies by 30%
Coached team members in Agile methodologies, secured 90% team adherence to Scrum guidelines in 5 months.
Guided 3+ cross functional teams, increasing productivity and facilitated Sprint planning and review meetings while maintaining team engagement.
Collaborated with Product owner and optimized Product Backlogs, ensuring tasks are prioritized efficiently for sprints.
Conducted daily scrum meetings to identify and solve bottlenecks.
Facilitated communication among developers, testers and data engineers to promote collaboration.

DEC 2019 – NOV 2021
BUSINESS ANALYST, Fiverr
Collaborated with business users and executives to identify their needs, gathering requirements and authoring Business Requirement Documents (BRD), Use Case Diagrams.
Designed UI Mockup screens for new enhancements and created user flow diagrams and test scripts.
Documented the Client/Stakeholder requirements tracked user stories, defects and tasks using JIRA
Hands on experience with AWS EC2 application.

SEPT 2013 – JUNE 2018
BUSINESS ANALYST, walgreens
Collaborated closely with stakeholders to elicit and clarify requirements, leveraging hands- on experience in creating detailed user stories in JIRA and partnering with the testing team to finalize comprehensive test scripts.
Participated in daily stand-up meetings and scrum ceremonies, ensuring timely revisions of documentation in alignment with stakeholder feedback.
Served as a liaison between various stakeholders, including customers, business teams and development team to ensure everyone understands the product goals and priorities.
Utilized JIRA to efficiently manage backlogs for both for UI/UX and development teams, partnering with the Project manager to uphold project schedules and timelines.
Engaged with various private and government insurance companies to gather and update requirement information, ensuring alignment with industry standards.
Delivered concise project status reports to the Project management team and customers, maintaining transparency and fostering stakeholder engagement.
JAN 2012 – AUG 2013
BUSINESS ANALYST, aragen life sciences
Oversaw the execution of clinical trials, focusing on participant enrollment and data quality.
Ensured subject safety and compliance with ICH/GCP guidelines, while acquiring in- depth clinical and therapeutic knowledge relevant to monitored studies.
Collaborated with Senior Analysts to maintain and optimize the Clinical Trial Management system (CTMS) and documented requirements effectively.
Supported the Project manager in tracking project activities to ensure alignment with the schedule and timely deliverables.
Facilitated JAD sessions with stakeholders, development and testing teams for Waterfall projects.
Led internal team meetings to demonstrate prototypes of web application products, gathering feedback for improvements.
EDUCATION

MASTERS IN CLINICAL RESEARCH
DIPLOMA IN PHARMA BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
BACHELORS IN BIOTECHNOLOGY, BIOCHEMISTRY, GENETICS
Contact this candidate