QUALIFICATIONS PROFILE

Forward-thinking, analytical, and results-oriented professional, offering comprehensive experience in project administration, property management, contract and agreement negotiation, and client relations. Effective at supervising staff to exceed management expectations, redefining long-term tactical goals, and determining operational improvement opportunities. Equipped with outstanding communication skills, complemented with the ability to establish strong, professional relationships with individuals of diverse backgrounds. Ability to adapt to changing priorities and deadlines. Remains knowledgeable in changing technologies and software programs. Bilingual in English and Telugu.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Office Management
Business Process Optimization
Purchasing and Logistics Coordination
Strategic Planning and Analysis
Human Resource Administration
Data Management and Report Generation
Standards and Regulatory Compliance
Budget Planning and Implementation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sturgeon electric– Redlands/San Jac, CA
Project Administrator/Assistant Project Manager/Analyst: 2019-2024
Promptly responded to risks and conflicts in collaboration with the Project Team, and ensure on-time completion of quality control review for internal clients.
Tasking all new work, reviewing all units delivered by customer.
Processing materials – Buyouts, returns, deliveries & orders.
Utilized the following digital platforms in accomplishing various key tasks:
-Southern California Edison (SCE) Portal: Running and processing of purchase/change orders, documentation and billing of Distribution Inspection and Maintenance Programs (DIMP), verification of field change orders, and verification and maintenance of TDs and tasks orders, and
-QuickBase: Preparation of 30-day DIMP reports, scheduled date reports, and other QB reports, monitoring and update of scheduled dates and work orders, and tracking of purchase order number and completion dates.
Interacted with the General Foreman and Construction Coordinators for project planning and procurement, including checking or adjusting schedule and workload, as well as with SCE analyst in ensuring all required documents were approved and forwarded to designated project.
Served as point of contact for construction managers and site selectors in resolving any arising issues.
Assist Lead PM in documenting project process, including but not limited to planning and scheduling. Assisting in managing the team with training and guidance. Documenting and assist in planning project tasks
Weekly meeting via Teams with lead PM and creative team to update project status, identify potential risks, working to rectify/resolve issue in the workflow.
Assist in planning tasks and who will be responsible, coordinating among the team to ensure a smooth flow of work at all times.
Assist in ensuring project status and billing are up to date.
Administrative support. Calendar management, travel, policies and procedures. Interview process, terminations and reviews.

ALDI, Inc. – Moreno Valley, CA
Office Manager/Real Estate Assistant: 2014–2018
Conducted extensive research on potential market areas and value impact, and determined red flags relating to fraud, liens on properties, and defaults for the organization.
Facilitated property inspections and searched for potential strategic locations in partnership with the construction managers and agencies.
Led and guided new employees and vendors through in-depth training and orientation.
Produced monthly budgets and incidents reports and due diligence for acquisitions of new property purchases.
Keenly assessed bids from potential vendors and evaluated credit reports for new clients.
Acted as utilities coordinator and liaison for construction managers, site selectors, and general contractors to guarantee positive vendor relationships with title companies, banks, and law firms.
Facilitated in the arrival and launch of ALDI corporate, Distribution Center and stores to SoCal.
Pioneered the Administrative Assistant Training Program to fully train staff in weeks for deployment in other established store location.

Inland Commercial Property Management – Oak Brook, IL
Assistant Property Manager/Office Manager: 2003–2014
Kept the senior management informed of current policy- and fraud-related matters.
Took charge of reconciling common area maintenance billings, collecting rents, processing new client applications, and encoding details into the in-house database.
Addressed all resident requests and observed compliance of the management with set-forth standards.
Presided over various training programs to new hires in maximizing their skills and competencies.
Onboarding new employees, training, benefits. Vendor and customer service management.
All aspects of HR and Administration.
Played an instrumental role in maintaining daily functions for 25 properties based on contract terms, and initiating summer internship program for students (with pay) within low-income areas, which was subsequently adopted by the company.
Received five Employee of the Month awards as recognition for outstanding work performance.

EDUCATION

Master of Arts in Criminal Justice/Criminal Administration
Loyola University – Chicago, IL

Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice
Loyola University/University of Phoenix – Chicago, IL

ACTIVITIES

Volunteer, Mission Save Her (www.missionsaveher.org)
Volunteer, Homeless and Violence Shelters

TECHNICAL ACUMEN

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook) WordPerfect QuickBase
SCE Portal JD Edwards ALF IPAC AIS
Contact this candidate