Jorge Mario Ospina
Experienced Change Management
Consultant transitioning to Assistant
Project Manager
Adept at managing projects and consulting services, with a specialization in finance and a background in electronic engineering. Seeking to leverage my skills in team management, operational efficiency, and project
performance management to excel as an Assistant
Project Manager.
ad8xds@r.postjobfree.com
346-***-****
KINGWOOD, TX
Work Experience
Apprentice Electrician
TRIO ELECTRIC, LTD
July 2023 - February 2024 • Houston, TX
Installed overhead racking and piping. Home run pulling. Overhead lighting fixtures. Walls rough in. Walls trim. Overhead raceway Panels wiring Drawings and circuits interpretation. Renewable Project Manager
PIJAO SERVICES, LLC
October 2017 - July 2023 • Houston, TX
- Supported the revision of contract costs, contract documents, and contract agreements completion according to different solar companies' policies. - Recommended corrective actions for contract processes to ensure operational efficiency. - Managed project preparation and ensured customer satisfaction through effective client management. - Utilized skills in cost estimating and process improvement to enhance project performance. Change Management Consultant
ESTRATEGICAMENTE
December 2012 - December 2016
Hired as a senior consultant to implement global change management in Daimler Mercedes Benz Colombia and Mexico, Sanofi, Columbus networks, etc. Improved operational efficiency and customer satisfaction through change management training sessions and personalized coaching sessions for senior leaders, enabling beneficial changes with minimum disruption for the internal stakeholders and the customer. Assigned as the senior executive consultant responsible for working with the senior leadership team in identifying the influencers for the change implementations, the behaviors to measure, the change impact and readiness, and the training plan necessary to roll out the project. Recognized for the senior leadership team as a critical member in continuing the change management process in Latin America, resulting in a contract in Mexico
Regional Manager
COMVERSE
December 2007 - November 2012
Led the sales and project execution for telecommunications systems and Value-added solutions in the Caribbean, South America, and Central America markets. Communicated with customers throughout proposal and project execution to increase customer satisfaction in new key accounts. Supported management of project performance, leading project communications at all levels, internally and externally. Improved customer satisfaction from 60% to 80% based on the results of the customer survey conducted by the company. General Manager
ARRECIFE CONSTRUCTIONS
February 1984 - December 1998
Led project teams in design, planning, permits, cost control, procurement, and construction support for residential construction. Managed the preparation of engineering reports, studies, and project permit applications. Communicated with clients throughout proposal and project execution to ensure customer satisfaction. Support project performance management and maintained project schedule, project indicators (KPI), and communications at all levels. Reviewed environmental regulations.
Change Management consultant
Estrategicamente
LATAM global account manager
Comverse
Education
Javeriana University of Bogota
B.S in Engineering Electronic Engineer
B.S in Engineering Electronic Engineer
Javeriana University of Bogota
Specialization in Finance
Specialization in Finance
Skills
Team Management Leadership Operational Efficiency Project Performance Management Coaching KPI Customer Satisfaction Process Improvement Management Of Project Cost Estimating Client Management Managed The Preparation Leadership Team Consulting Services Residential Construction
Contact this candidate