CATHERINE “CAT” THOMA
Englewood, CO ***** 303-***-**** ad8xv5@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/cat-thoma

SUBCONTRACT ADMINISTRATOR
Accomplished Subcontract Administrator and respected corporate trainer, public speaker, and collaborative project manager with exceptional attention to detail and an unmatched ability to cultivate powerful relationships with all leadership levels. Known as very organized, with a focus on digital transformations utilizing innovative support documentation, consistency, and training for all employees. Inspiring people manager that listens, supports, and aims to help grow and develop individual talent.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Verbal and Written Communication Organization Project Management Creative Presentations Content Creation
Contract Negotiation Cross-functional Team Leadership Excel PowerPoint SAP Confluence Slack Salesforce

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Lockheed Martin Littleton, CO June 2018 – September 2024
Subcontract Administrator Senior: Propulsion Team April 2023 – September 2024
Fuel Tank and LAE Engine contract administrator and buyer maintaining an average of 15+ active contracts at a time as supply chain project manager. Negotiated various FAR/DFAR compliant contracts with highest active contract $10M+.
Orchestrated bid solicitation and competition from multiple vendors with a goal of determining cost savings and best fit for the customer and program.
Served as a conduit between vendors, engineers, and program to keep projects on time and on budget based on contractual obligations. Navigate scope slips to return projects to critical path and meet launch windows and promised delivery dates.
Traveled to vendors to help build rapport and keep projects on time.
Negotiated all aspects of contracts, saved Lockheed money and time and met needs of customer and program.

Procurement Representative Senior: IT Buyer, January 2023 - March 2023
Procured IT material from hardware to software for all Space locations.
Solicited bids from various vendors to determine best value for internal customers and programs.
Sourced items from multiple locations to ensure that all options were reviewed.

Procurement Representative Senior: PCard Admin, February 2021 - January 2023
Oversaw an average of 100 cardholders for training, compliance, and reporting, and $4.2M monthly spend through various avenues (average 08/2021 - 01/2022) and annual spend of $45 million annually.
Initiated a pilot project to open on-site facilities orders through Pcard that was highly successful and led to a 50% savings on vendor cost, employee labor charges, and time to project completion.
Spearheaded Digital Transformation overhaul of all training and documentation for PCard buyers through standardization of material and open access to all cardholders. This project ensured quality and compliance.
Aided in bridging PCard and Planning departments for successful efficiency and consistency.
Updated out of date policies to ensure an easier workflow for employees and stakeholders.

Procurement Representative: Rapid PCard Team Lead, January 2020 - May 2021
Tracked orders, delivery, invoices, and reconciled credit card charges.
Recognized as recipient of Hall of Fame Award for COVID Tiger Team Project.
Awarded the Top Gun Winner (November 2020) for top buyer across all Central Procurement.
Trained all new Rapid PCard buyers starting June 2020.
Hit daily high-volume placement goals.

Recruiting Coordinator, October 2018 - January 2020
Set up candidate travel, organized meetings, booked conference rooms, and navigated manager calendar availability.
Selected as Project Lead for 100-person department “All Hands” Meeting in March 2019 with outstanding response and feedback.
Focused on positive candidate experience through application process from application through onboarding.

Catherine “Cat” Thoma ad8xv5@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Recruiting Coordinator – Contract, June 2018 - October 2018
Contract through Lockheed Martin.
Served as Project Manager on req audit and closure project. Project finished in half the expected timeframe.

Leader Quest Centennial, CO December 2017 - May 2018
Employer Relations Manager
Conducted student meetings to aid with all job-related needs including (but not limited to): resume writing, interview skills, LinkedIn tips, working with recruiters/hiring managers, and applying for jobs.
Spearheaded military-focused career fair that took place in May 2018 with 300+ people in attendance that was featured in 3 separate news segments on Denver CBS Channel 4.
Maintained confidential information on veteran security clearances, exam test results, and other regulated items requested to remain confidential.
Responsible for all data collection per state regulations to confirm employment placement.
Served as event coordinator, project manager, and participant in all job and education fairs including keeping projects on time and budget.
Directed contact for all recruiters, hiring managers, and HR representatives searching for qualified candidates that meet their expectations and aided the marketing department with social media campaigns and content.

CSU Global Campus Greenwood Village, CO September 2012 - December 2017
Senior Enrollment Coach/Enrollment Team Lead, January 2014 - December 2017
Supervised to up to 5 enrollment team members, coached from onboarding through tenure status.
Recruited students for over 23-degree programs and upwards of 15 certificate options.
Organized review of personal files and documentation as well as team member files for quality assurance.
Member of the Operations Committee as sole representative from the Enrollment Department.
Created educational materials for training and documentation purposes in various programs.
Designated IT Business Analyst for all IT projects that involved the department.
Aided in recruiting new employees within the organization.

Enrollment Counselor, September 2012 - January 2014
Supported all new hire training and onboarding
Met or exceeded enrollment goals and performance matrix for recruiting.
Created job description for the newly implemented Mentor program.
Chaired Global Community Relations Committee 2013 and 2014.
Participated in campus tours for the Chancellor and military guests.

HCA Henderson, NV May 2012 - July 2012
Education Specialist
Worked on a team of2 to create, present and distribute education materials on changes to IT department.
Worked on project management teams, worked on as many as 10 projects at once of various scope and scale.
Created presentations in various mediums: Power Point, Word, Webex recorded sessions.
Standardized training materials to help keep a common voice across the department.

EDUCATION
Master of Science, MS, Organizational Leadership - Project Management
Certificate, Project Management
CSU Global Campus

Master of Education, MEd, Adult Education and Administration, Magna Cum Laude
Jones International University, Centennial, CO

Bachelor of Arts, BA, Art - Studio Art
Western State College, Gunnison, CO
Contact this candidate