Sivakumar Venugopal
IT Program Manager/Project Manager
Phone: 614-***-**** Email: ad8yy1@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Around 28 years of Work Experience including 18 Years in Program/Portfolio & Project Management in Software Development, IT Infrastructure, Global Delivery in IBM Mainframe & Web applications
Experience in different methodologies (Waterfall, Agile, Lean) & structured Project Management Methodologies
Tools used in Project Management, Program & Portfolio Management: MS Project, Atlassian Jira, IBM RPM, HP Reqo (like Planview), HPE ALM & ServiceNow and enthusiast to quickly learn & tools as required by the organization
COBOL Expertise in COBOL, COBOL II, MS COBOL, Micro Focus COBOL & HP3000 MPE COBOL 3000
Undergoing Training on Data Science: Math, Statistics, Advanced Statistics in Python, Machine & Deep Learning

Skills

IT Program Management
IT Portfolio Management
IT Project Management
IT Infrastructure Management
IT Application Development Management
IBM Mainframe Applications
IT Release Management
Language – English, Hindi, Tamil (Proficient in all three)

Education
Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics & Communication Engineering Vellore Institute of Technology, 1995 Vellore, India

Certifications
PMP: Credential ID PMP #319053 received in Feb 2006
IBM Accredited Advisory Project Manager received in 2010
PSM I: Professional Scrum Master I: Received from Scrum.org Aug 2017
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF) received Aug 2022
ITIL V3 Foundation received in Sep 2010
Brain Bench Certified COBOL 94 % received in 2006

Work Experience
Jul 2023 Till Present: On Travel to homeland India due to family situations till Jan 2024, Pursuing job from Feb 2024.

PNC Bank, Pittsburgh National Corporation Bank (Remote) Dec 2022 - Jun 2023
IT Program Manager (Reason for Leaving: Left the job to take care of Family Emergencies)
Program Managing VDI HZN Azure Effort
Worked with Leadership & management teams to plan and execute technical strategies aligned to client's vision.

Wipro Technologies Jun 2018 - Aug 2022
IT Program Manager
Client #4: Levi Strauss, TX (Remote)
Played IT Program Manager role & Program Managing Couple of Major Retail Network Refresh Projects for Global Levi's (LSA & LSE environment) & for Mexico. Successfully Completed the Mexico upgrades.
Produced successful results working closely with Vendor Team, Wipro & Levi's Teams right from initiating, hosting required calls, leading the teams by guiding on required change management process until the implementation was completed with validations followed by prompt updates to Leadership team including the escalations

Client #3: Dell, Round Rock, TX(Remote)
Played IT Program Manager role Managing NIS-to-AD Conversion Program. NIS (Network Information Services) is how users/apps authenticate on Linux based servers and are used in the LEMC environment. Applications that utilize NIS allow the hash to be passed in clear text over the network. Due to this weakness and EOL technology, a MAP was issued to remediate security exposures. Worked closely with both Onsite & Offshore Teams.
Remediated all Linux based 10000+ servers in Dell Environment through appropriate approach that includes either decommissioning the servers or migrating the servers to AD/SSSD.
Produced successful results working closely with 50+ Application teams from initiating thru implementation. Used Atlassian Jira tool for planning, tracking & managing the whole program until closure.

Client #2: VillageMD, Chicago, IL
Played Multiple roles as Service Desk Manager, Program & Account Manager with below Responsibilities:
Service Desk Team Manager: Worked & Played role of Service Desk Team Manager for a team of Service desk agents. Mentor & guide the team in escalation, Prioritizing the efforts. Worked & Played role of Onboarding & Offboarding Team Manager helping the team by assigning tasks, Prepared, Presented the weekly report for the Shipments of Laptops & Mobile Devices for all new onboarding & also for hardware replacement requests compared with the inventory of the company in the Jira System, Produced weekly offboarding detail report to the client senior management & tracking all the progress using Kanban board using Atlassian Jira tool for planning, tracking & managing all our software development projects/Tasks.
Program & Account Manager: Preparing weekly status report, Presenting & hosting Weekly Status Review call with both Wipro & Client Management Team including the Call Volume Support, Statistics of backlog Tickets, resolved tickets, First Response & CSAT (Customer Satisfaction) and present to the customer. Arrive Action Items, follow up till the closure of All RAID (Risk, Action Items, Issues & Dependencies) Items with the team.

Client #1: NiSource, Columbus, OH (An Utility Company)
Worked closely with both Onsite & Offshore Teams, as Senior Project Manager managing multiple Infrastructure Projects of Server Builds, Datacenter Moves, COGNOS, EFTP, SCADA, Citrix VDI, Nlyte DCIM (Data center Infrastructure Management) with the teams including CLOUD Infrastructure, Wintel, Unix, Storage, Network, Hardware Planning, Datacenter, BAU from Infra side & Application team for all Phases.
Managed multiple projects including the large projects (VDI, Nlyte DCIM which is a Datacenter Modernization Project) with the multiple teams consisting of different skills like App Architect, App Developers, Integration Specialist, Infrastructure Architect, Administrators from Wintel, Unix, Storage, Middleware, Network, Security both internal & external vendors and with different External Application Vendors.
Managed various sizes of projects budget ranging 20 K to 600 K USD.
Managed Server builds & different server requirements including Cloud build Implementation right from Change Request Creation, Readiness Review, GO/NOGO Decision and then Dark Window implementations during weekdays & weekends managing RAID items (Risks, Action Items, Issues & Dependencies)
Managed Projects Extensively thru ServiceNow PPM Tool for Tripe constraints including the Financials in the aspect of Budget & Cost Plans (Planned, Actual) on both Capital & O&M by maintaining the Present Estimate (EAC) appropriately and have gone thru intense IT PMO Methodology Gate Reviews

Harman Connected Services, Chicago, IL (Onsite Transition Project/Program Manager) Feb 2018 - Jun 2018
Reason for Leaving: Contract Completed
Worked as Transition Project Manager for multiple Infrastructure Towers – Unix/Linux, Citrix, ID Admin successfully completed the transition efforts helped the Teams till Transition Cutover involving both Onsite & Offshore Teams
Managed all Transition Phases right from Due Diligence, Knowledge Acquisition, Shadowing & working with Sending Team & Client Teams representing the receiving Team. Worked with Customer team leading Kickoff till the cutover & Go Live while sending weekly status reports managing Risks, Issues for all the towers during Client Workshops
Conducted regular daily sync up meetings with all the towers involved in the Transition, guiding the teams on RAID items (Risks, Action Items, Issues & Dependencies) & Managed Operational Readiness Review for all the towers

IBM Chicago/Columbus (Remote as Transition Program Manager) Jun 2015 - Apr 2017
Reason for Leaving: Contract Completed
Worked as Transition & Transformation Program Manager for multiple financial clients (Insurance & Banking) and successfully completed the transition efforts teams in Offshore Onsite Model
Managed Multiple Infrastructure Projects of Server Builds of Critical Legacy Application remediation, SQL DB tuning & updates, Underwriting Claim Center Upgrade, Claim Financials, and different types of infrastructure Transformation Projects such as SFTP, SMTP, SFDC, IBM Maximo, DataPower & 3rd Party File Transfer & Firewall Implementation, IT Cloud Infrastructure as needed for Projects/Program
Managed Network & Security Towers and the Projects for Firewall & VPN tunnels Implementation and Virtual SOC web interfaces in a medium to large size working of different bandwidth from standard to premium levels
Managed various sizes of projects with budget ranging from 50 K to 500 K USD.
Managed Security Projects including IBM Security Guardium that helps secure sensitive data across a full range of environments – from databases to the cloud, file systems. Managed IBM Security Guardium Vulnerability Assessment that scans data infrastructures to detect vulnerabilities and suggests remedial actions/exposures such as missing patches, weak passwords, unauthorized changes, misconfigured privileges and vulnerabilities.
Accomplished the regular reporting promptly with Customer and IBM while managing IBM's Contracting and subcontracting companies as needed. Mentored & Trained the Project Managers to meet the objectives
On the dual role of Acting Program Manager & as Transition Project Manager for all the work streams under the Middleware Tower transitioning services from IBM to the new Vendor of the Client thru the different phase of Knowledge Acquisition, Secondary & Primary shadowing and the cutover.
Env: Wintel, VMWare, AIX, Linux, Storage (SAN/NAS), Intel & Unix Server Builds in Cloud, AD, Oracle, Sybase, SQL Database, Middleware, ETL Informatica, Networking VLANs & VIPs, SFTP, SMTP, SFDC, DataPower, IBM Maximo, MSS IBM Security Web Portal, MS Project, MS Visio, IBM Notes, IPWC.

Ascena Retail Group Inc (Justice/LBCA Brands), New Albany & Pataskala, OH (Onsite) Jan 2014 - Dec 2014
Sr. Project Manager (Reason for Leaving: Project Completed Successfully & then the Contract Completed)
Project Managed the Justice ORPOS Integration Component & Lane Bryant Catherines ORPOS Integration Component that supports the middleware Integration part for the whole Justice POS (Point Of Sale) Project using Oracle Fusion Middleware with ODI and OSB in SOA.
Established and supported self-organizing scrum team by training on agile fundamentals and coaching team for sustaining changes by leading teams in Offshore Onsite Model
Discussed requirements and stories with the development team breaking down concepts into user stories establishing continuous deployment processes, Coached, Mentored the Development and Testing Team, Organized and facilitated Agile and Scrum meetings including Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Sprint Review & Retrospective
Achieved regular reporting to the Customer Leadership Team with accurate Project Status using Weekly Status Report & Monthly Status reports with details of Project Progress, Accomplishment
Managed the RAID (Risks, Action Items, Issues & Dependencies) escalating with sense of urgency.
Involved on regular CCB (change control board) and change management due to the technology migration from legacy to Oracle Fusion Middleware to find potential opportunity for any scope change.
Developed Process Flow Diagrams for all key components for the Business Process Analysis including what is the mission, who is the client, what are our results, customer value & then plan to achieve.
Implemented the Project to 5 Pilot Stores followed by the Roll outs. Managed the Release & Deployment of all the Sprints leading the team in the deployment of Development, SIT, UAT & PRODUCTION Environments.
Environment: Agile Methodology, Scrum Framework, Oracle Fusion Middleware, MS Project, SharePoint, SOA, ODI (Oracle Data Integrator), OSB (Oracle Service Bus), Java, HPE ALM, Front Range

IBM India
Account Portfolio Manager/Program Manager, Chennai India (Onsite, full time) Nov 2007 - Aug 2013
Reason for Leaving: Quit IBM to Pursue life in USA after getting Green card for my wife as I was a GC holder already.
Determined the set of plans by which the portfolio business objectives and strategy will be met & the controls to enable adjustment before failure.
Portfolio reporting, interfaces with RFS Managers, Dispatchers, TSM leads, Status reporting to Executives & customer, Portfolio meetings with Customers to discuss status, issues, risks, resolutions.
Portfolio Management of business units that comes under the Mainframe & Midrange, IT Service Management in leading Bank in Denmark, Mentored and Trained the reporting Project Managers as needed
Server Builds, Decommissioning, Server Upgrades, Storage Upgrades are some of the Infrastructure Operations that are being Project Managed by the PMs.
Managed Server Migration, Datacenter Migration, Procurement Process and implementation of Racking Powering and cabling of on different category of servers – Bronze, Silver, Gold & Platinum that differs by HIGH Availability
Communication Planning, Onboarding & off boarding, KPI targets, coordinate with other LOB’s.
Regular review of all the Projects with PMs with 22 PMs and TDMs reporting to me from India, Denmark & Malaysia managing Portfolios that have 30 to 40 Projects/Programs with budget ranging from 50 K to 2 M USD with a total budget of more than 5 million USD.
Served as 1st point of escalation for customer and for the PMs.
Program Management for multiple IT Infrastructure Projects for an Australia based world's leading resourcing/ mining company, S-curve, Dashboard and Financial Reporting in a budget of Million USD to save 5 M USD Annually
Managed multiple IT Infrastructure Projects for a US based Multibillion Dollar Insurance company using Microsoft Project Plan and IBM RPM (Rational Portfolio Manager)
Managed multiple IT medium & complex Projects bringing the projects from RED RAG Status to GREEN RAG Status focusing on addressing & resolving all the key issues & mitigating all high risks.
Managed Transition Projects of various Operational Accountability Models for Americas & Canada's to transition 120+ FTE of work in Global Delivery model.
Performed weekly S-curve, Dashboard and Financial Reporting representing in the CAB (Change Advisory Board) calls
Environment: Project Portfolio Management Tools like HP Reqo (Similar to HP Planview), Wintel, UNIX, SAN, NAS, AD, Network, Oracle, SAP Environment, MS Project, RPM, MS Visio 2010, IBM Maximo, BMC Remedy, Lotus Notes

Nationwide Insurance Company, Columbus, Ohio (Onsite as Sr. Analyst) Feb 2006 - Aug 2007
Reason for Leaving: Contract Completed & Moved to India
Provided effective solutions at Customer Billing Systems in Billing division of Nationwide Insurance Co to support the integration initiative and conversion of billing for Nationwide (NI) Property policies from FPS to Billing Advantage, Supported System Testing Team, analyzing & Fixing Production Issues
Environment: COBOL II, JCL, DB2, VSAM, CICS, OS/390, TSO/ISPF, Change Man, Mercury QC.

Ohio Public Employees & Retirement System (OPERS), Columbus, Ohio (Onsite as Consultant) Sep 2005 - Jan 2006
Worked as an Analyst at Ohio Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio State Government in #1 Annual Statement MP Employer Matching Amount calculation change Project & #2 Annual Statement OPERS Employees Contribution Rate Change Project (2 Modules) for year of 2006, streamlined the system in robust way
Environment: COBOL II, JCL, DB2 7.0, VSAM, OS/390, TSO/ISPF/SPUFI, ENDEVOR, QUICKEDIT, DCLGEN.

Patni Computers, Southwestern Bell, St. Louis, MO, USA (Onsite as Project Manager) Feb 2005 - Aug 2005
Provided effective solutions to SBC the communication company for the project PICS/DCPR, an application for ordering, provisioning, inventory, and payment of bills, Managed Onsite & Offshore Team
Env: MS Project, COBOL II, JCL, DB2, VSAM, CICS, TSO/ISPF, SPUFI, ENDEVOR, FILEAID, MS Visio 2000, AIX in RS/6000.

A.G. Edwards & Sons, St. Louis, MO, USA (Onsite as Sr. System Analyst) Feb 2004 - Nov 2004
Worked in Gateway Initiative at A.G. Edwards, the then more than 100-year-old & all time Fortune 100 company (Now Wells Fargo) in a new core transaction processing system, BETA Systems, a third-party application service provider performing analysis, design, build & testing phase for modules Positions, Balances & Balance info.
Worked with Statement Processing Team in customer's annual & monthly statement to do the Print and Mail Service.
Env: COBOL, UTL8, GLINK, SQL 2000, MS Access 2000, & IDS DB in BULL Mainframe and WinRJE2K.

Consultant @ Qwest Communications, Nebraska (Onsite) Apr 2003 - Jan 2004
Consultant @ Southern California Edison, Irwindale, CA (Onsite) Aug 2002 - Feb 2003
Release Manager @ Ventro, Mountain View, CA, USA (Onsite) Jan 2001 - Jul 2002
Web Developer @ Creditland.com, San Francisco, CA, USA (Onsite) Mar 2000 - Nov 2000
Sr. Programmer Analyst @ Harris Bank, Chicago, IL, USA (Onsite) Apr 1999 - Jan 2000
Programmer Analyst @ TRW, State of Arkansas, Little Rock, Arkansas Area, USA (Onsite) May 1997 - Feb 1999
Programmer @ Microgiga Infotech Ltd, Mahim, Mumbai (Onsite) Jul 1996 - Mar 1997
Assistant Consultant @ Pentafour Software, Chennai Area, India (Onsite) Jul 1995 - Jun 1996
Contact this candidate