Kevin J. Fox, PMP
**** ****** ***** **** 314-***-****
O’Fallon, MO 63368 ad8y8h@r.postjobfree.com

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Sr. Program Manager § Sr. Project Manager / PMO § Engagement Manager §

Highly-accomplished Sr. Project/Program Manager experienced in delivering highly effective technical solutions, improving workflow processes, and lowering costs.
Managed successfully projects and programs in excess of $19M budgets and up to 50-member teams.
Senior Motivational leader able to foster teamwork, amongst technical staff, offshore developers, business users, and energize others to higher levels of performance.
Experienced with global organizations, managing Agile development projects and a strong understanding of finance.
Creative in collaborative problem solving, analysis, negotiation, and drive to achieve organizational goals.

Cross-functional expertise in:
Strategic Vision & Planning
Agile/Scrum PM and Agile Coach
Managed Delivery Process
Vendor Resource Management
Manage Web Application Design & Development
Staffing-Hiring/Evaluate/Firing
Budget & Financial Planning
Manage IT Product/Solutions Rollout
Manage Sales Activities
Team Building & Leadership
C-Level IT Sales & New Market Development
System Migrations/Transitions
Manage Off-Shore IT teams
Contract & Vendor Negotiations
Cost-Benefit Analysis
Use of Best Practices
Reporting EV/KPI Metrics, Burndowns/Velocity
Change Mgmt-SAS70/HIPAA

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

Program Management – A forward thinker and strategic minded, have utilized my leadership skills with my teams to coordinate the design of strategic plans and leverage the internal resources and vendors to tactically complete large, software implementations. Success comes from a collaboration of knowledgeable team members to create a plan that meets the goals of business and IT stakeholders, managing technical teams, communicating with upper management on progress on plans to achieve objectives, keeping the client abreast of all issues, risks and solutions, and coordinating the efforts of vendors’ activities. Propose process improvements to provide efficiencies and gain visibility to unseen impacts to expectations.

Project Management – Proficient manager of projects utilizing PMBOK Project Processes within standard SDLC to manage within the nine (9) Knowledge Areas: integration, scope, time, cost, quality, HR, communication, risk and procurement. Excellent facilitation & communication skills to report status, metrics on EV, ETC, EAC, burn-rate, cost containment analysis, and budget. Completed numerous projects utilizing Agile/Scrum 2-week sprint methodology. Developed Agile training program.

Engagement Management – Managed client programs involving major initiatives such as Y2K, network installations and/or application development over multiple sites. Built trust and rapport with clients by identifying solutions that would improve efficiency, reducing cost of operations, and stage them for increased sales or better customer service.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Sr. Project Manager @ BJC Healthcare - Contractor
6/2023 – 8/2024
Project Management of deploying vendor-based solutions for the IT PMO. Tracked and managed activities from contract negotiation, to financial approval through the execution of the implementation of the solution. This included managing the budget and coordinating with the internal teams on security, networking and compliance.
Managed the project the replaced the BJC non-clinical credit card (CC) processor Elavon with Bank of America.
oReplaced cafeteria and gift shop CC devices in the BJC-East region.
oReplaced Retail Rx CC devices at all pharmacy locations as well as the gateway.
oUpdated all websites to point to Bank of America (BoA).
oUtilized BoA Commerce Payment Portal (CPP) to build temporary Simple sites as a front-end to execute in-person CC transactions from various offices until the tool was set to use replacement CC readers.
Assumed the management of an archival project of Meditech and Quadax data to Mediquant’s DataArk. In addition, the passing of Fair Warning data from DataArk to Imprivata. Plus, creating an interface from DataArk to Kodiak for auditing and reconciliation processes.
Assumed the management of the AngelEye project to install cameras in the St. Louis Children’s (169 beds) and Missouri Baptist (27 beds) NICUs to allow parents to view their child while they are receiving treatment.
Sr. Technology Delivery/Program Manager @ Cigna/Express Scripts - Contractor
1/2023 – 6/2023
Delivery Management of New Platform Development (NPD) development/testing teams for the Payer Agnostic (PA) initiative to handle Non-PBM clients, also manage development of Opportunities Management System (OMS). Utilize Cigna/ESI Agile - methodology to manage project via Jira/Jira Align and rigorous SAFe-like processes.
Oversee two (2) product development teams for Payer Agnostic and one large OMS team within NPD from planning, development, testing and continuous integration on a two-week sprint schedule with monthly releases.
Working with application teams to build dashboards to provide visibility to various metrics to give leadership a real-time insight on progress for decision-making purposes.
Responsible for preparation for the quarterly Agile-based Program Increment Planning Events (PIPE) process. Oversee and manage the delivery of new prioritized candidates, to the presentations, communication of updates, and facilitating the 1/2-day PA PIPE, and -day OMS PIPE which derives the commitment of the organization for the next quarter.
Built out a standardized PIPE process. This included building the presentation with various automated spreadsheets covering agenda, features commitments, and requesting presentation slides from dependent teams and business. Handled the communication of invites and schedule for the event. Facilitated the PIPEs for both PA & OMS.

Sr. Project Manager @ Royal Canin - Contractor
4/2022 – 1/2023
Project/Delivery Management of Royal Canin projects.
Oversaw development team ISIA in France. Worked with the Global business/Digital Technology teams and coordinate & collaborate on requirements, plus determine priorities of functionality for Royal Canin Lean Mfg System (RCLMS) Wet plants. Will monitor and manage the planning, development, testing and continuous integration on a four-week sprint schedule with potential monthly releases.
oFactory Production Schedule – Supply Planning Tool – FO Labeler POC – Traceability Reporting
Oversight on the RCLMS Move to POD project which is the migration to VM servers for the Flow applications and Database.
Facilitated planning and design sessions with IT, Security, Manufacturing and Engineering on the new plant setup in Lewisburg, OH.
Technical delivery oversight of integration and deployment of Agnostic application at various plants in Canada and U.S.

Sr. Technology Delivery/Program Manager @ Cigna/Express Scripts - Contractor
3/2020 – 4/2022
Delivery Management of Client Services Transformation (CST) development/testing teams for the Polaris initiative to replace the legacy Houston system. Utilize Cigna/ESI Agile - methodology to manage project via Jira/Jira Align and rigorous SAFe-like processes.
Oversee five (5) product development teams for Polaris upgrade within CST from planning, development, testing and continuous integration on a two-week sprint schedule with monthly releases.
oManaged directly the build, testing and deployment of the New Client Initiation capability automated workflow that comprised of six (6) up/downstream applications which will save 2 weeks of man hours per new client.
oDelivered multiple capabilities: Exact Group to Copy (EGTC), Home Delivery (HD) Benefit Validation, HD centralized & routing upgrade, SAMO PA & Operational PA, partial rollout of Smart 90, improve capabilities with entities, Update Ops Entity List & Rebates Modeling, delivered Pega Pulse, Consumer Driven Healthcare (CDH) rolled out to give team a single tool, CD Clinical Analyst delivered, streamline Knowledge solutions/Market Analytics, implemented Network Contract Management (NCM), Group Email Box delivered, CONTACTS Build out, added searching capabilities with Operator Name + Unique Identifier.
Driving an initiative to retire Houston an in-house all-encompassing application for accounts by collaborating with Salesforce, Polaris, and Entity teams to utilize an entity structure via an API or event service to replace the need for account data. Working with Benefit Administration user group to be the first to adopt the Client Account Entity (CAE) to consume account data from Salesforce and Polaris. Several other applications requesting access to CAE.
Working with application teams to build dashboards to provide visibility to various metrics to give leadership a real-time insight on progress for decision-making purposes.
Responsible for preparation for the quarterly Agile-based Program Increment Planning Events (PIPE) process. Oversee and manage the delivery of new prioritized candidates, to the presentations, communication of updates, and facilitating the 2-day PIPE which derives the commitment of the organization for the next quarter.
Facilitated the delivery of multiple projects involving 5-7 application teams that assist in Houston system retirement.
Member of Jira Dependency Management training team to train Delivery Managers, TPO’s and BPO’s. Trained and socialized 70+ members of the PBM. Assist team as a Jira Align Champion on best practices to use the planning tool.
Built out Mission Control tool to execute the quarterly Agile Planning Increment event virtually of the four CST teams (200+ invitees, with 3 dozen WebEx sessions) which included master agenda, and team schedules for breakout sessions. Developed training material on how to use and navigate Mission Control and trained 170+ members.
Responsible for the delivery of six (6) initiatives related to the Benefit Work Station and Benefit Testing Tool.
Oversaw delivery of several efforts of multiple teams to complete the Cigna Claims Compare Upgrade by EOY 2020.

Sr. Technology Delivery/Program Manager @ Cigna/Express Scripts - Contractor
3/2019 – 12/2019
Delivery Management of several development/testing teams for the multi-year Specialty Single Platform initiative to retire several legacy applications. Utilized ESI Agile - methodology to manage project via Jira and rigorous SAFe-like processes.
Oversaw three (3) product development teams for Single Platform within the RxP group under Specialty from planning, development, testing and continuous delivery releases.
Performed collaboration and oversight of four (4) other RxP teams in regard to planning and releases.
Developed Quarterly PIPE tracking process within Jira (single-source of truth on all efforts) along with Kanban board and Dashboards to provide visibility to leadership to the quarterly planning status.
oManaged the seven (7) RxP teams that utilized this process as we executed the beta.
oAdded four (4) additional Specialty development teams to use the process for 2020 Q1 planning.
oPrepared for fourteen (14) additional Specialty teams to use the process for 2020 Q2 planning.
Built-out the quarterly eBoard for leadership to present the proposed/committed epics from the PIPE for the RxP teams, with sprint schedule for each, identifying the associated dependencies from other teams, plus this tool allowed us to print epic/dependency labels for our manual boards used in the quarterly PIPE event.
Maintained Tetris tool daily as it provides a status snapshot from Jira of all RxP teams’ work.
Updated Tetris tool to automatically update Release Roadmap of RxP & Single Platform epics for all RxP teams.

Sr. Program Manager/Agile Coach @ Barry-Wehmiller - Contractor
8/2018 – 3/2019
Program Management for the Packaging Platform/Supply Chain initiative to standardize data and processes, improve KPI metric reporting, and workload reduction through automation to achieve $30M savings over the next 3 years. Coordinated the efforts of business and IT resources at corporate, within the U.S. and overseas in multiple countries. Goal to combine 25+ separate environments into an enterprise-wide Supply Chain solution for the $3.2B international manufacturer. Capturing and loading all data into Azure notebooks utilizing data bricks via the Data Factory process. From the data layer would present metrics and dashboards through the use of Power Bi.
Implemented Agile Scrum methodology and performed training of IT teams associated with Supply Chain program.

Sr. Program Manager @ Monsanto/Bayer-Contractor
9/2017 – 8/2018
Performing Program/Project & Delivery Management for the 12-month $2.0M Gigya RaaS Customer Single Identity project, and the 9-month $823k Eunomia governance project for all Monsanto regions. Maintain and track budget vs. actuals, communicate status to PMO, sponsors & leadership, facilitate standups, sprint planning, backlog grooming, design sessions with IT staff, track issues & risks, and work to resolution and/or mitigation with matrixed teams, update PWA project plans as well as oversee Jira boards. Responsible for schedules, resource availability and due dates. Member of evaluation team to improve PWA related management tools to report KPI’s, risks and issues on an in-house developed dashboard.

Sr. Program Manager @ Kemper Home Services -Contractor 6/2016 – 07/2017
6/2016 – 7/2017
Consulting and performing Program/Project & Delivery Management for the $19M+ LIDP – Insurance Administrator conversion project of legacy Life70 application which includes integration with Policy Admin, New Business, Finance & Claims. Instituted PMO change management process, measures & metrics, standards & best practices, issue resolution, risk identification & mitigation, while following internal audit guidelines & governance requirements including SOX updates to provide structure to the project. Coordinating 30+ IT development, quality assurance resources and business teams’ efforts while reporting weekly status to executive sponsors. Guide and mentor IT contract staff dedicated to this project. Implemented on schedule in July 2017.

Sr. Project Manager/Agile Coach @ Lumeris
4/2015 – 5/2016
Project & Delivery Management for the PMO Portfolio supporting the enhancement and maintenance of the Accountability Delivery System Platform (ADSP). Utilized an Agile-hybrid methodology to manage projects on three releases of the ADSP.
Tasked with creating the true-Agile training program for the PMO Portfolio which will utilize more of traditional Agile/Scrum methodology. Goals were to improve velocity by managing the sprint planning process properly, develop team accountability & implement a high-quality product by integrating it with the updated QA Agile process.
Oversaw the internal and client testing process when we had Go Live for ICD-10 at the beginning of 10/2015.
Agile Coaching of dedicated Hadoop development team (7-10) to create MDM solution using standard Agile Scrum Methodology. Coaching featured standups, grooming, sprint planning, demos, and retrospectives. Along with reducing complexity and introducing metrics to track progress.
Project & Delivery Management of significant infrastructure projects reporting to the VP of Infrastructure & Operations.
Responsible for major infrastructure project to setup across multiple sites, including MongoDB & Ops Manager servers utilizing a physical &VM environments for DEV, QA, UAT, STAGE, PROD & DR. This project was part of the 01/2016 release of advanced functionality of the mobile app ACT Station that will complement the ADSP system.
Managed indirectly 3-person team and completed a key storage upgrade project which included the retirement of storage devices and upgrading the SAN and migrating from 7-mode to cDOT.
Project & Implementation Management of two ERP SaaS COTS systems (NetSuite for Finance & Workday for HR).
Program Management of LHO projects reporting to the Sr. Director of IT Business Systems for Blue Cross clients.
Provided support and utilized project management structure to assist the LHO Delivery teams (15-20 matrixed) for BCBS-KC & BCBS-LA deployments for their Broker, Marketing, Provider and Member portals. Performed requirement/user story grooming and estimates. Completed on time.
Tracked and Managed the creation of 200+ standardized letters for both of our BCBS clients on schedule by EOY 2015.

Sr. Project Manager @ Emerson Electric - Contractor
8/2013 – 4/2015
Program/Project & Delivery Management for the Payment Factory global solution for all A/P payments through the 3rd party vendor SunGard’s AvantGard Trax SaaS application. This solution provides Emerson with improved controls, security, and cost savings. Managed all aspects of the project including planning, requirements gathering, tracking issues with resolutions, mitigating risks, budget vs. actuals, communicated status to steering committee, sponsors and IT leadership, and followed the strict PMO Stage Gate process at each step of the SDLC. In addition, developed cost recovery model to identify the share of volume-based charges from BUs.
Managed $3.1M project setting up the SaaS SunGard Trax application to meet Emerson’s enterprise requirements. Coordinated the efforts of Corporate Treasury and the several business units in Europe (UK & France) that transitioned to the new payments system. This included following the vendor’s implementation process, utilize ISO 20022 XML format, developing file transfers to the application from legacy systems via ICOE and send to the banks via SWIFT, extensive E2E & UAT testing, user training, & PROD implementation. Completed the Pilot at the end of January 2015.
Managed the Phase II rollout of several additional business units across Europe, U.S. and Mexico. This entailed coordinating the efforts of the various business units project plans as they follow the implementation process created in the Pilot. Managed the remaining budget of the project within the second year of the contract with SunGard.
Coordinated the implementation of the $175K GRC 8.6.5 Upgrade project. Involved in the scoping and ordering of new servers and memory based on vendor recommendation. Managed the relationship of the 3rd-Party vendor from requirements, negotiation, into SOW, and design of the solution. Utilized 3 in-house Oracle DBA’s. Go Live was early May 2015.
Implemented the Protiviti Tool for Corporate Internal Audit. Managed the Stage Gate process of the project. Completed within budget and on schedule.

Sr. Project Manager @ Centene - Contractor
8/2012 – 7/2013
Project & Delivery Management for the Provider Data Management (PDM) Business Integration team worked to complete several migration projects. All efforts deal with networks, provider/practitioner data, affiliations, credentialing, reporting and tying in with Amisys, the claims system. Effort included collaboration with several IT teams (Dev, Web, Hdwe & Networking)
Managed multiple states’ Medicaid/Medicare plans’ provider/practitioner data to be migrated into McKesson Portico system. Included management of PDM team to perform data clean-up to prepare for the implementation, design of regulatory and operational reporting, Find-a-Provider, pricing configurations, and vendor feeds (dental, vision, behavioral & long-term care).
Worked with PDM manager to develop operational redesign resulting in reducing the time for the Enrollment, CRM, and Credentialing process by days per provider/practitioner.

Sr. Project Manager/Scrum Master @ MedAssets - Contractor
8/2011 – 4/2012
Project & Delivery Management on the Product Data Utility (PDU) and SI-Rx teams working on functional enhancements to stage these applications and associated data for the conversion to a Master Data Management (MDM) methodology. Coordinated the efforts of 7-12 member team, a mix of local matrix and near-shore teams (Guadalajara, MX) to complete submitted projects and maintenance requests. Utilized 2-week sprint/planning Agile/Scrum methodology. Managed metrics & budgets for PMO. Maintained SAS 70 & HIPAA compliance with change and release management for this GPO business.
Completed the $560K PDU v7.0 Enhancement project under budget and on time. Project consisted of a structural enhancement of the PDU requiring an upgrade to SQL Server 2008 R2 to support the architectural redesign of the data tables and functional access utilizing a new service layer design to improve workflow throughput.
Coordinated the near-shore teams’ Level 1, 2 & 3 support of the PDU & SI-Rx applications as production issues arise.
Interim PM for Contract Management (CMS) & CDQuick systems enhancements for 2012Q1 Scrum team development with 19-member Scrum team.
Agile Coach trained PMO over 6 months on the proper Scrum process to standardize our methodology corporate wide.

Sr. Project Manager @ Express Scripts, Inc. - Contractor
7/2011 – 7/2011
Performed release management for Specialty Distribution. IT projects on ESI’s C&PS Business Services team managing matrix resource teams to test, and implement a variety of software & hardware projects and upgrades using strict change management methodology
Lead cross-functional teams to assess risks, provide contingency options, and ensure successful production deployments.
Tracked metrics in an effort to prove visually the success rate of release management.

Project Manager @ MasterCard Worldwide - Contractor
8/2010 – 3/2011
Project & Delivery Management on the Omniture Web Analytics program for the Emerging Platform Development Group. Coordinated the efforts of the 4-person team to complete submitted requests to implement business owners tracking of KPI’s on their websites. The effort includes the team to analyze the requirements, develop a tagging matrix, work with the development team, test the tags, create reports and dashboards, and provide necessary support.
Developed reporting tools to track allocation of budgeted hours for the team’s 30+ projects, monitored and tracked actuals, performed budget vs. cost containment analysis, and projected FTE’s needed for projects into the future.
Managed $4M portfolio-level maintenance budget across several cost centers.

Project Manager @ Express Scripts, Inc. - Contractor
7/2009 – 12/2009
Managed the $1M Consumerology Program of IT projects on ESI’s C&PS Planning team managing matrix Agile/SCRUM 9-member team and 10-member infrastructure and release management team. This includes developing pilots and proof of concepts for future use to capture, track and dispense information for marketing and sales for a PBM.
Monitored projects by tracking burn-rate, ETC and EAC variance.

Project Manager @ Nestle’ Purina Petcare - Contractor
11/2006 – 6/2009
Project & Delivery Management on Nestle’s strategic Globe Initiative (Switzerland & Brazil) to put all market segments on an SAP platform using unified process and master data.
Created and maintained the $2M Heritage/Legacy (H/L) PMO Cutover consolidated project plan for 7 project teams (approx. 50 members), for cutover of the Golden Products operation in July 2008. Monitored project health for Sao Paulo Global Center using an EV point system and other KPI metrics.
Managed the $1.2M BW Reporting project for Cluster 1 Go Live using an 8-person B/A team, a 10-member Cognos team, and several offshore Global Center developers. Delivered BW/Cognos reports and tasks related for Cluster 2 implementation in September 2009.
Developed $3M Globe Initiative Replicated Master Data project plan for the development of interfaces of new workflows using SAP data to various NPPC Heritage/Legacy applications with a team of 10-15.

Project Manager @ U.S. Postal Service - IAB IT - Contractor
2004 – 2006
Delivered the $1M integration of the International Inquiry/Claims Adjudication system into the Domestic Claims system. Managed a project team of 5-10 to convert from a Visual Basic GUI application using Terminal Services into a JAVA web-based application using Oracle database on a Websphere platform.
Managed 4-8 member team on $1.2M integration project with new JAVA web-based development on a Websphere/DB2 platform, mainframe batch processing using multiple file sources including EDI and Oracle database within A/R systems, and integrating functions with four USPS business units on a foreign postal service payments initiative (with Canadian Postal Corp./Accenture).
Developed initial 2007 budgets and high level project & resourcing plans for nine projects equaling over $3 million.

Project Manager @ SBC PMO - Contractor
2004 - 2004
Developed and maintained $50M SBC PMO plan for the 4M2 Conversion/Integration project after Ameritech acquisition. Coordinated large conversion process of a division's proprietary data to SBC legacy suite of 12-15 application groups with PMO staff. Managed the interdependencies and release schedules with the various application groups.

Project and Sales Manager @ Miken Technology Group
2000 – 2003
Performed project management and conducted sales management for network integration and support firm. Developed vendor relationships to expand service offering to customer base. Involved in negotiating SLA and costs with outside service, software, and hardware vendors. Provided clients with technology solutions, service support and asset management.
Attained over 90% client retention rate.
Developed the standard statement of work, comprehensive sales proposals and SLA’s, used by entire sales force.
Achieved 175% of quota first year, contributed to 40% increase in corporate sales revenues.
Sold file and exchange servers, software release management of Microsoft (3rd party) products and licensing, firewalls, data protection, and DR/BC.
Performed strategic planning to implement application consulting opportunities to create new revenue stream. Developed strategic alliances with communication/connectivity vendors and management consultants to provide a vertical service offering and reduce costs by 15%. Provided strategic solutions for clients to utilize new technology and work flows.
Developed large project procedures, from setup and design, determined criteria for milestones, created deliverable documentation for client approval signoff, and instituted project follow-up process. Engineered an automated, multi-faceted Service Level Agreement. Set procedures for sales process on large endeavors which included the technical staff’s review process. Created automated service contract tool to build unique service support solutions for clients.
Negotiated with local to national supply channel vendors on pricing client proposals, developed 3rd party vendors to assist on projects, managed vendor project scheduling, and developed strategy for targeting our market.

Engagement Manager/Site Manager @ Unisys - Contractor
1998 – 1999
As Site/Engagement Manager managed 6 PM’s and 45 IT staff to deliver the $7M United States Postal Service Y2K Certification and Verification and USPS Y2K Archiving projects over multiple sites, completed 3 months ahead of schedule and on budget.
Restored leadership and provided goals for project teams, reestablished communication with client, and utilized contract guidelines to coordinate tasks more efficiently.
Completed USPS $1M Archive project for multiple sites (St. Louis & San Mateo). ahead of schedule and within budget.
Improved relationship with USPS stakeholder and management team in San Mateo to overcome previous relationship issues leading to early project completion. Opening channels of communication was imperative in achieving all project objectives with limited resources and time frame.
Project & Delivery Management on a multitude of USDA financial oriented projects.
Completed 50+ maintenance and new development projects in 18 months, worth $3M+ utilizing 15 person team.
Raised the “on schedule” rate from 1 in 3 to 90%, a 200% improvement resulting in greater profitability.
Led a team of 4 to create functional specifications to redesign the USDA AMAS Balancing System by conducting a JAD interview process with operational personnel. Determined project worth at $2-3M.
Delivered Food & Drug Admin. Y2K Readiness Assessment Survey for Battelle, managed team to interview executive management of a random sample of national & international companies regulated by the FDA. Deliverable indicated use of best practices to attain FDA Y2K compliance. Completed assignment early with recognition from primary contractor.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT TOOLS

MS Office MS-Project MS-Visio MS-Access Jira Jira Align Tableau Confluence VPMi Rally HP Quality Center Remedy
MS Teams Resolve Clarity MS-TFS Visual Studio 2013 Confluence MS-Sharepoint Webex Changepoint SDLC
Agile/SCRUM WebEx Messenger Earned Value PWA Sensei KPI Metrics Burndown Velocity HP Service Manager

EDUCATION

PMP Project Management Institute - #1599437
MBA Finance Webster University - St. Louis, MO
Certificate - Computer Programming Control Data Institute - St. Louis, MO
B.S. - Business Administration University of Missouri - St. Louis, MO
Contact this candidate