Michael Kaminski, PMP
ad8yt7@r.postjobfree.com • Strongsville, OH, 44136 • 503-***-****

Project & Program Manager

PMP Certified performance-driven professional with track record of success planning and spearheading large scale and complex projects/programs/initiatives through employment of Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall methodologies within diverse industries.
•Strategic Analysis & Planning
•Business Development
•Oracle, Infor & Epicor ERP
•PMBOK Methodology
•Planview and Clarity
•Project/SDLC Management
•SCRUM, Agile & Waterfall
•Vendor Management
•Jira
•ERP
•Service-Now
•Turnkey IT & Infrastructure
•Change & ITIL Management
•Smartsheet
•Salesforce

Career Experience

Ahold-Delhaize (Consultant): Cloud Migration ERP Project Manager, Remote-Based 01/2023 to 11/2023

●Manage technical solution development teams and projects from initiation to close, ensuring project success and achieving project objectives
●Overseeing development, QA, integration and go-live of enterprise solutions, to include,
oMigration from legacy applications and hardware to up to date data storage and networking infrastructure and cloud based platforms
oAssembled and led teams of installation and integration vendors, internal development, QA and IT personnel
●Lift and Shift of current on-prem enterprise infrastructure and databases to AWS, IBM and Azure cloud based platforms
●Created budget and managed all aspects of finance for operations department to include:
Receiving quotes from partner vendors
Issuing POs
Receiving on invoices
Issuing payment and ensuring ledgers were updated

●Utilize Service-Now Enterprise software for all change management and ITIL activities on project as well as trouble ticketing during SIT/UAT processes
●Worked with distribution and supply chain to implement new barcoding system for receiving, storage and shipment of retail orders to customers
●Track and report on operational milestones, metrics and provide status reports to sponsor and IT Management
●Lead, coach and motivate project team members on a proactive basis
●Escalate issues and risks as appropriate according to the Management Plan processes utilizing software such as,
oJira
oService Now
oPrimavera
oSales Force (financials)
oSmartsheet
oPower Steering
oClarity and Planview
●Lead cross-functional operations teams, delegate project tasks and hold team accountable to deadlines
●Ability to build schedule for the Scrum Team and able to plan Epics
●Collaborate with Product team on updates

ActiveWorx (Consultant): ERP Software Development Manager, Remote-Based 07/2022 to 12/2022
During my tenure at ActiveWorx I was charged with leading teams of Software Developers,Infrastructure teams and QA/Testing personnel to design, develop, test and deploy specifically tailored software and hardware products to suit the needs of any business. Once the product was developed I would assist with integration into their ERP systems. Most clients used versions of Oracle or Infor.

●Led multiple medium or large sized projects simultaneously.
oSW, Application and Mobile App development and delivery
●Drafted and presented project status updates to internal, vendor partner and customer teams (separately)
●Create project plans, including deliverables, activities, timelines and budgets.
●Using several tools to manage:
oContractual data (SalesForce)
oDepartment documentation (Sharepoint)
oBudget Information (Jira, Sharepoint)
oActivity Status Info (Smartsheet, MS Project, Sharepoint, SalesForce, Primavera Jira)
●Use of Agile and Waterfall methodologies to lead team goals to fruition
●Maintained effective communications with all department members, vendor partners and senior stakeholders in fast paced environment

Thermo Fisher Scientific (Consultant): ERP/Automation Project Manager, Remote 02/2022 to 07/2022
Assembled business and technical requirements along with a project plan to replace an Infor A+ ERP system and replace with an Oracle R12 product primarily for the purposes of supply chain, account management and accounting/finance functions. Initially Infor’s Syteline product was going to be used but it was determined mid-way through implementation that it would not work. Analyzed and made recommendations to senior leadership regarding replacement of dated infrastructure equipment to include servers, networking peripherals and communication (wireless) hardware. Worked with internal and customer development teams to develop and integrate all essential functionality particular to the business. Oversaw go-live of newly integrated systems
●Running capital projects relating to ERP/Automation Engineering with 20MM budget
●Implementing ERP into production and supply chain work streams
●Ensuring all warehouse operations and supply chain management systems are fully verified and integrated into new system
●Assembled and led teams of installation and integration personnel, vendor partners, and all internal team assets
●Aligning all aspects of order management to include order entry, picking, shipment and invoicing all adhere to applicable customer and government standards
●Project management
oUse of Smartsheet SaaS to track all aspects of projects
oBudget planning and tracking
oEstimating LOE for scheduling
oIntegrated SalesForce into new system for trouble ticket and SW dev tracking
oWorked with all groups within organization to complete project
●Financial and accounting activities to include:
oRevenue Forecasting
oEnd of Month Closeouts
oMonthly Finance SOU (state of the union) Reporting
●Gathering all System related requirements for new implementation
●Documented process roadmaps and best business practices
●High level roadmap (10,000 ft view) creation and presentation to senior stakeholders
●Adhered to GxP standards to ensure that bio/pharmaceutical products are safe, meet their intended use, and adhere to quality processes during manufacturing, control, storage, and distribution.
oAdhered to 40 CFR for storage of chemicals and other substances for specific customers

Nokia (Consultant) : Technical Project and Delivery Manager, Remote-Based 07/2021 to 02/2022
Drove teams of 10-15 technical designers and installers for architecting and enhancing wireless cellular networks for businesses across US, planned and led backhaul delivery to incorporate fiber and gig-E circuits along with associated networking hardware. Produced and communicated reports on financial obligations, milestone status, and decision/phasegate prediction. Oversaw all financial facets, involving quotations, PO tracking, and invoice process. Liaised with internal team, vendors and customer to determine project scope, requirements, definition, and timeline.

●Oversaw installation, integration and turn up of all cellular and backhaul equipment to include.
●Directed all aspects of distributed antenna cellular projects from conception to completion within timeline and budget constraints.
●Managed POs, invoicing from vendors with Quickbooks accounting software
●Led planning and direction on all communication to guarantee accomplishment of project goals.
●Ensured all devices (retail, medical, public safety, etc…) connected and operated on the network properly

UiPath (Consultant): RPA Project and Delivery Manager, Remote-Based 08/2020 to 05/2021
Conceptualized, formulated, and executed project roadmaps in alliance with cross-functional execution teams, such as process lead, engineering lead, business analysts, and technology team. Organized and chaired standup meetings on daily and weekly basis, while attending steering committee meetings. Oversaw the team of software engineers developing the code for robotic automation software for data retrieval and interpretation to include character recognition and document creation. Oversaw required infrastructure upgrades to include servers and cloud based IP networking equipment

●Ensured uniformity across all business segments in regards to master data utilizing Lean Methodology
●Led a team to develop optical character recognition for utilities throughout the Midwest and the UK to automatically provide POs based on received quotes and generate payment based on received invoices.
●Utilized JIRA to ensure Agile methodology was followed during duration of project to:
oTrack issues related to SW development
oCreate and monitor service desk related tickets
oEnsure project markers and significant milestones were completed by need-by dates
●Oversaw upgrade to Berkshire Hathaway SAP system to accommodate RPA implementation
●Worked with marketing managers to create and ensure data accuracy of prospect profiles.
●Coordinated team of 5-10 developers, solution architects, and business analysts to architect, develop, and deliver customized SW, Application and Mobile App products.
●Headed deployment projects of automation software from initiation to delivery/integration phase.

CO-AX Technology, : Interim Director of Program Management (Consultant), Solon, OH 02/2018 to 07/2020
Piloted three program managers and associated teams for managing and streamlining manufacturing operations. Assisted teams in developing PMO with best practices and guidelines in line with PMBOK methodology. Led deployment of Epicor ERP system and management of ERP vendors/partners. Provided metrics of open project status, risks, and financial issues, while ensuring optimum quality of products within timeline.

●Responsible for timeliness and accuracy of all data as it relates to:
oKanban
oVendor and Customer Management
oLean Methodologies
oClarity and Planview Project Planning Tools
oISO 13485
●Worked with business analysts to create and update templates for all data entry.
●Managed all personnel assigned to PMO and IT departments
●Wrote and delivered quarterly reviews on all team members
●Supervised migration from legacy forecast models to high performance of Business Intelligence systems for enhancing demand modeling in collaboration with business analysts.
Aclara LLC, : Sr. Delivery Manager, Solon OH 01/2016 to 01/2018
Directed delivery of turn-key software and network infrastructure deployments and integration with gas, water, and electric utilities across US with budgets ranging from $3MM to $20MM, reported project performance and status via Primavera SW. Engaged with business development team to set path to future business with current customer base. Utilized ITIL best practices to fulfill commitment of delivery and continuous improvement. Ensured development of FW/SW products in alignment with project plan and SDLC. Managed full contract lifecycle from inception to closing. Oversaw software and user interface upgrades to SAP system for continuity between new SW platform and ERP system. Planned, organized, and drove organization-wide cross functional initiatives, projects, and operations, involving software/network deployments, application developments, and supply chain management. Ensured integration and functionality of all cellular backhaul systems.
●Worked with leadership at all levels to create a data quality strategy that included accountability for:
oAccuracy
oCompleteness
oConsistency
oTimeliness
oValidity
ouniqueness
●Delivered automatic meter reading systems and associated software suites to the Southern California Gas Company and its customers.
●Utilized Jira and Primavera for general and Agile based project management to monitor issues and resolution throughout the SDLC process.
oOversaw development and delivery of SW, Mobile App and Infrastructure offerings
●Ensured all logistical needs were met in terms of inventory on-site, incoming and outgoing materials
●Oversaw the development of SW RPA automation solutions for financial activities.

AT&T : Sr. Technical Project and Delivery Manager, (Consultant), Remote-Based 01/2014 to 01/2016
Sole project manager for all end to end in-building cellular deployments in all of Ohio and Western Pennsylvania from inception to closing. Worked cross functional teams across several regions scope, plan, manage and direct all aspects of design, construction and acceptance at venues throughout Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. Issued POs to vendors and managed all forecasting and financial reporting with IBM analytics system.
Key Projects Included:
- First Energy Stadium, 6MM dollars
- Quicken Loans Arena, 12MM dollars
- Jack Casino, 4MM dollars
- Ohio State University Hospital System, 20MM dollars

Tecore Networks: Engineering Infrastructure and Delivery Manager, Columbia MD 12/2011 to 12/2013
Designed, Optimized and Implemented cellular solutions at Government facilities all over the US. Procured and acquired vendors. Forecasted budgets, approved quotes, issued POs and received on invoices for all C&E projects at government installations. Recognized as an effective leader and communicator during the sales process. Assisted Sales and Business development teams in responding to RFPs, drafting proposals and working with procurement officials to acquire contract awards.
Cricket Communications LLC: Field Operations Engineer, Portland OR 09/2006 to 04/2010
Was responsible for the construction, engineering and operations of 60+ cell sites in Portland OR. Managed several vendors to ensure all C&E efforts were completed to satisfaction and that the cellular coverage was adequate for wireless customers. Ensured all permits and other legal requirements were fulfilled and that vendors invoices were received up in a timely manner. Recognized as an effective leader who routinely went above and beyond to ensure all requirements for bringing Cricket coverage to the Portland area were met.
United States Marine Corps, : Signals Intelligence Team Leader, Kaneohe Bay HI 09/1998 to 08/2003
Led a 6 man team of linguists and other signals intelligence professionals during the Iraq war. Intercepted, translated and jammed enemy communications for intel, counter-measures and jamming of call for fire frequencies saving countless lives in the process. Highly trained in leadership, accountability and mentoring.

Education & Credentials

Bachelor of Science in Business Management
Portland State University, Portland OR
Professional Development
PMP Certification (Current) Project Management Institute – Completed 09/2015
Contact this candidate