…continued…
Tim Darst Pmp, Csm ad8yz5@r.postjobfree.com
Falls Church, VA • 703-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-darst-pmp-csm-
2b88a721/
Accomplished leader and dynamic, results-driven IT Project Manager with a proven track record over 11 years of leading large-scale, complex projects across diverse industries. Skilled in managing enterprise-level data transformations and orchestrating complex data migration initiatives. Adept in both Waterfall and Agile methodologies, with a strategic focus on leveraging emerging technologies, including AI, machine learning, and cloud computing, to deliver innovative business solutions. Solid history of driving successful project outcomes and aligning technological solutions with organizational goals to achieve sustainable growth and operational excellence.
Areas of Expertise
• Knowledge Graph
Implementation
• IT Transformation
• DevSecOps
• Process Optimization
• AWS Cloud Computing
• AI/ML Business Strategy
• System Migration & Implementation
• Quality Assurance & Control
• Vendor & Supplier Management
• Agile Methodology
• Product Ownership
• Project Planning & Governance
• Risk Assessment & Mitigation
• Cross Functional Team
Leadership
Career Experience
Agile Project Lead AI Readiness ECS Federal Mar 2022 – Aug 2024 Provide cross functional team leadership for enterprise level AI Readiness project. Duties range from running day-to-day activities like Scrum Ceremonies, to long term strategy planning. Serve as product manager for Knowledge Graph and develop value propositions that identify expanded functions and use cases for DHS. Pivot quickly when the rapidly shifting political environment calls for it.
● Led the development and implementation of an automated pipeline utilizing Docker containers on AWS, directing a team of senior developers to create automation agents that enhance system scalability and streamline deployment processes.
● Successfully led and delivered Data Inventory project for Department of Homeland Security (DHS). This success contributed highly to winning a rebid for new work.
● Socialized AI readiness and Knowledge Graph capabilities to DHS leadership to obtain Authority to Operate (ATO) within the Chief Data Officer Directorate.
● Researched, planned, and designed Knowledge Graph Solution Model to include LLM, NLP, Reasoning engine development, and Federated querying. Designed model to align with DevSecOps principles and Zero Trust architecture, enhancing security posture and streamlining secure development practices
● Created processes for semantic integration for DHS component stakeholders to include US Secret Service, TSA, FEMA, ICE, Coast Guard, CBP, FLETC, USCIS, and DHS Management Directorate. Career Experience
Director, HRMS, Sodexo Sep 2013 – Dec 2021
50/50 Responsibility focus between Project managing enterprise HR, payroll, and finance data migrations and leading a department of 11 direct reports to provide guidance, analytics, and data management support to NORAM HQ. Served as product owner for HR/Payroll/Finance Enterprise Data Warehouse.
● Represented North American region on global HCM strategy. Provided leadership to international team of 20 regional leaders on HCM best practices to less data mature countries. Led evaluation of global vendors to include Success Factors, Workday, Oracle, and ADP. Provided guidance and consultation to less mature regions on HCM adaption
● Bridged a critical skills gap on the global data migration team in the UK by stepping in to lead testing efforts for the LMS migration, ensuring successful project completion and meeting all deliverables on time.
● Co-led the successful payroll conversion project for Canada, stepping in to provide expertise in large-scale transformation efforts where local teams lacked prior experience resulting in the successful and timely implementation of the new system.
● Utilized Agile methodology and devised SG&A cost reduction of over $1.4M annually by integrating and sunsetting ancillary HR systems.
Senior Manager, HRIS, Sodexo Nov 2010 – Sep 2013
Provided thought leadership and support to HR and finance departments on data matters to include system migrations, analytics, and process improvement. Served as buffer/interpreter between HR business practitioners and IT department.
● Led System Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT), End to End Testing, and Parallel Testing for benefits system migration from NorthgateArinso to Aon Hewitt.
● Ensured Case Management System’s success by serving as technical interpreter between business stakeholders and vendor implementation team.
● Answered the call to get a project back on track for Applicant Tracking System (ATS) data migration. Honored with certificate of appreciation and award for the role. Senior Data Analyst, HRIS, Sodexo Apr 2008 – Nov 2010 Managed business intelligence tool for complex reporting requirements and mentored Junior analysts in report building. Developed team skills on testing methodology and execution.
● Led testing efforts for team of over 40 participants across HR departments for Payroll and Core HR conversion from legacy Marriot system to ADP. Defined and executed proper testing protocols, while crafting tests scrips and delivering guidance to multiple departments.
● Reduced payroll errors to 0.003%, while leading and conducting multiple testing cycles and parallel payroll cycles.
● Devised and established a system for capturing and manipulating service credit from multiple sources into a usable and accurate single source, resolving a long-standing pain point. This led to accurately driving PTO benefits plans and service awards.
Clinical Applications Developer at Walter Reed Army Medical Center Feb 1998 – Apr 2008 Served as technical consultant for clinical study on Phase II Cardiac Rehab patients. The Stakeholder group included Former Chief Cardiologist of WRAMC, Nurse Practitioners, Exercise Physiologists, Dieticians, and Yoga Instructors. Provided guidance to staff members on day-to-day data recording activities.
● Transformed clinical data collection methods from paper files to electronic records.
● Integrated time sensitive research data collection activities with front desk scheduling.
● Evaluated pre-existing biomarker data collections to salvage usable data and established processes to enforce timely collection of time sensitive data moving forward. Education
BS Computer Science
Colorado State University
BS Exercise & Sport Science
Colorado State University
Licenses & Certifications
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (Amazon Web Services) AWS Certified AI Practitioner (Amazon Web Services) Certified Project Management Professional (PMI)
Certified Scrum master (Scrum Alliance)
Certified Complete Agile Project Manager (PMI)
Strategy Execution (Harvard Business School Online) Artificial Intelligence Implications for Business Strategy (MIT) No Code AI and Machine Learning (MIT)
Making AI Work. Machine Intelligence for Business and Society (MIT SLOAN) Machine Learning Foundations for Product Managers (Duke) Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT (Vanderbilt)
Affiliations & Awards
Awarded the “Supporting Partner Award” for my contributions. Member of global Think Tank on Human Capital Management (HCM) strategy. Awarded “Most Valuable Contributor” for Solution Design of Knowledge Graph for Homeland Security
Contact this candidate