SUSAN LYNN DAVIS
ad8yyr@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
708-***-****

EDUCATION: MacCormac College - Chicago, Illinois
Major: Court Reporting/Business, GPA: 8/10

HONORS/ACTIVITIES: MacCormac Honor Scholarship
Knights of Columbus Grant
Honors in English

SPECIAL SKILLS: Project Management, Typing 85 wpm, Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Excel

VOLUNTEER WORK: Webmaster / Photographer - Manteno Sportsmen’s Club
Volunteer for PHAT and ROMP

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
March 2022 to Current Legal Assistant. Cooley LLP, Chicago, Illinois.
Performed day-to-day secretarial/paralegal duties for seven lawyers in various fields: IP, Bankruptcy/Restructuring, White Collar Litigation, Emerging Capital Corporate, as well as Labor and Employment.
July 2015 to December 2017 Owner. Illinois Electric Brokerage. Oversaw day-to-day operations of an energy brokerage including building clientele and managing all the financials. Sold business in Dec. 2017.
November 2006 to March 2022 Project Manager/Legal Assistant. Seyfarth Shaw, Chicago, Illinois. Employed with a dual role.
Project Manager -- I manage two portfolio clients which bring in over $5M to the Firm -- oversee creation of matters, billing, pricing, maintaining database/websites, conducts meetings, and more.
Legal Assistant -- Perform day-to-day secretarial duties for a senior partner in the labor department, assisted the former head of the environmental department until his departure in 2015, as well as assist many other labor attorneys. Performed many paralegal duties.
July 2000 to April 2006 Administrative Assistant. Jenner & Block, LLP, Chicago, Illinois. Assistant to the Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and the Director of Human Resources. Performed extensive duties for both the Financial Services and Human Resources department. Other duties include: supervised various interns, managed the firm’s skyboxes, managed portions of the firm’s website.
July 1998 to July 2000 Legal Secretary. Neal, Gerber & Eisenberg, Chicago, Illinois. Performed day-to-day secretarial duties for two very busy labor attorneys, as well as assisted in coordinating seminars and preparing department newsletters.
April 1997 to July 1998 Legal Secretary. Schuyler, Roche & Zwirner, Prudential Plaza, Chicago, Illinois. Worked for two partners who practiced primarily in the following areas: litigation, corporate, labor, tax, estate planning and real estate.
December 1995 to April 1997 Office Manager. Future Plan Financial Services, Inc., Olympia Fields, Illinois. Oversaw day-to-day operations of an insurance/financial services corporation.
January 1987 to November 1995 Legal Secretary. Schiff Hardin & Waite, Sears Tower, Chicago, Illinois. Gained experience working for attorneys in the litigation, employee benefits, corporate, securities, tax, patent and trademark fields. Also performed paralegal duties and document processing operations.
Contact this candidate