Carmen Anthony Faraoni, MBA PMP, CQM
Senior IT Program & Project Manager
412-***-**** Pittsburgh, PA ad8za3@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/carmen-faraoni-12072412/
Results-oriented Senior IT and Business Operations Program and Project Manager with a proven track record of successfully delivering multi-million-dollar, strategic programs. Extensive experience in managing scope, schedule and budget for Enterprise PMO Projects in complex, highly matrixed organizations. Led multiple data integration, technology and business operations projects working with multiple stakeholders across various workstreams. Expert level experience in SDLC using Waterfall, Agile, Scaled Agile and Hybrid methodologies.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
PMBOK
Risk Management
Time Management
Budgeting & Control
Resource Management
Scope Management
Quality Management
Software Development Lifecycle
Agile & SAFe Agile Methodology
Waterfall Methodology
Sprint Planning, Backlog Mgmt.
Release Management
Work Breakdown
Process Improvement
Azure DevOps
JIRA
Confluence
Smartsheet
Power BI
MS Project
ERP Implementations
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TEKsystems Hanover, MD Contract August 2022 – June 2024
Senior IT Implementation Manager ( Elevance Health - CLIENT) September 2023 – June 2024
Senior Project Manager for IT Implementations, responsible for managing the successful delivery of Specialty Pharmacy applications and technology solutions/programs within a complex, highly matrixed Pharmacy Services organization. Collaborated cross-functionally with technology, product, and business teams to translate business requirements into technical specifications for development. Worked directly with Scrum Teams, Release Train Engineers, and Operations to create effective applications that enhance customer engagement and satisfaction.
Managed 2 project teams in the successful launch of new, strategic products for up-sale to new clients with a budget of $10M each and project teams of 20 – 30 stakeholders
Collaborated with Product, Business, and Scrum Teams that delivered the programs on-time and on-budget while managing Risks, Issues and Conflicts
Effectively managed diverse teams through building strong relationships, detailed project planning and reporting, communicating across various levels of the organization (including external vendors), and resource planning
Senior Program & portfolio Manager( Walgreens - CLIENT) August 2022 – January 2023
Developed and managed multi-million-dollar funding requests for the Data and Analytics Department of the largest retail drug store operation in the United States. Collaborated with Senior Leadership to develop business cases for presentation to the Executive Leadership Board for approval and funding. Coordinated with Product Development, Architecture, Customer Management, Security, System Integration, Cloud Management, and Finance teams to prepare and present these funding requests timely and effectively.
Spearheaded the Intake Ticket process, introducing new process steps, standards (Turnaround Times), and management controls that reduced the TAT from 30 days to 10 days
Created and implemented performance metrics, dashboard reporting, meeting cadences, and management reports
Highly focused on Data Governance, Strategic Planning and Quality

INOVALON Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania October 2020 – August 2022
Senior Manager Product Operations and program development
Managed all operational processes in the Product Department for a growing technology company, providing cloud-based tools to support data-driven healthcare. Accountable to lead and manage key product initiatives, performance metrics, contractual obligations, and billing to support the successful operation of the Product Department, customers and Inovalon’s flagship platform.
Implemented key performance indicators and dashboards resulting in the first on-time delivery of over 1,800 Product features
Successfully managed a key systems audit and certification process for a cloud-based platform, ensuring 100% Regulatory and Government compliance
Represented the Product Department in strategic and operational meetings, contributing to executive-level reporting
Identified and addressed key gaps, problems, and issues, leading to departmental improvements

HIGHMARK HEALTH Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania February 2019 – June 2020
Portfolio Director
Managed the Operational Performance of 50 Strategic, Operational and Technical Initiatives with a total budget of $24M. Worked closely with executive leadership to develop and maintain a product portfolio strategy, aligning with health plan, enterprise and financial objectives across product categories. Oversaw hiring decisions, conducted performance evaluations, and managed a team of up to 15 project managers, business analysts, and product managers.
Implemented structure and process alterations, exceeding goals for scope, schedule, and budget by 25%
Created comprehensive Business Cases, securing funding approval for 9 out of 12 new products and innovations
Collaborated with IT Development on business requirements and reported over $3 million in savings to the Executive Leadership Team.

Wollborg-Michelson (PA Health & Wellness – CLIENT) June 2018 – February 2019
Senior Project Manager and Consultant (Contract)
Performed project leadership and management for strategic Medicare and Medicaid Health Plan Projects for start-up health plan. Structured a large number of pipeline projects that prepared the organization to provide health services to a rapidly increasing customer base.
IDI Consulting, LLC Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania May 2015 – June 2017
Senior Project Manager (Contract)
Oversaw multiple IT and process improvement implementations for a $12 million healthcare delivery system for Enterprise PMO, along with an $11 million budget.

Express Scripts, Inc. (CIGNA) Warrendale, Pennsylvania May 2013 – May 2015
Senior Project Manager
Delivered multiple IT application improvement projects for a national specialty pharmacy, managing budgets up to $120 million. Responsible for improvements in client contracting, RFP’s, SOW’s and Purchasing

EDUCATION
Robert Morris University Masters of Business Administration
Westminster College Bachelor’s Accounting
Contact this candidate