KAUSHAL SAMPAT
Princeton, NJ

609-***-****
ad8zco@r.postjobfree.com

A proven Engagement Leader / Project & Change Manager in the fields of Banking, Consulting, Management, Operations, with over 25 years of diverse experience in US, Europe & Asia.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

TCS
Change Management / Engagement Lead:
Bank of America
Ewing, NJ
May 2022 - Present

Working as a Change Manager & Engagement Lead for the projects at Bank of America in their Digital Banking space. Role involves working with client teams for various Change Mangement & Onboarding projects.Worked in the interim as a Change Manager supporting 6 PPRTs with regards to Releases, Task Management, PMO reporting, creating Significant / Non-significant changes.

HARITA INFOTECH INC.
Consulting
Princeton Apr 2014 - Mar 2022
Project Manager:

Involved in providing Program Managment Services to various clients including Bank of America (Altimetrik), Televance, Idola Infotech in the Banking & Technology projects involving Server & Application upgrades, Risk Mitigation & Management, Project Delivery, Vendor Management, Off-shore delivery management, Daily Project Status meetings.

JP MORGAN (Pride Technologies)
NY, NY Nov 2014 – Dec 2015
Sr. Project Manager

Worked as a Program Manager in the Digital Marketing IT alongside the Salesforce team for upgrades to the existing platform. Job involved creating Project plans, Maintaining Risks, Scrum calls etc.

ALTIMETRIK – BANK OF AMERICA, Pennington, NJ Apr 2014 - Nov 2014
Sr. Project & Delivery Manager

Managed the Delivery & Program in the Web development space of Bank of America managing Delivery timelines.

Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi, Jersey City, NJ Mar 2011 – Present
VP – Sr. Project/ Change Manager
Core Banking – Systems IT

Led a team of ten (permanent and consulting staff) on a project to replace BTMU’s (Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi) Money Transfer System. Maintain project plans, assign resources, provide status updates to senior management, and schedule / conduct training and walkthroughs for business users. Conduct SIT, UAT & DR tests. Monitor defects and enhancements, mentor junior staff, and serve as the Lead Liaison between Technology and the Business for defects, releases & testing.

Barclays Capital, Jersey City, NJ Apr 2010 – March 2011
Sr.Project Manager
Compliance IT – Global Technology (OFAC, Transaction Monitoring, AML)

As a Senior Business Analyst / Project Manager led a team of 5 (3 Developers & 2 Business Analysts) to consolidating Sanctions Filtering into one single application. Gathered AS-IS payments & settlements information from multiple source systems. Worked with Compliance to document Sanctions screening business requirements, planned and coordinated User Acceptance Testing and prepared Steering Committee update decks. Met with Stakeholders and wrote Technical / Functional specifications for the developers. Lead liaision with the different Technical / Functional teams ranging from Trading support, Equity Derivatives, Credit Derivatives, Cash Management, and Back office Settlement Systems. Gathered information, conducted Impact Analysis, planned Integration and Testing Strategies, conduct JAD sessions, and wrote and updated Project Plans. Met with Compliance on a regular basis to enhance Bank’s Compliance systems.

BNP Paribas, New York / Jersey City Feb 2005 to March 2010
Sr. Project Manager (Technical & Functional)
Compliance & Payments Dept (OFAC, AML, Reference Data Filtering, ACH, Swift, Montran)

Wrote extensive Business Requirements documents, User documents, DR Switchover Documents, Project Study, Workload Estimates, Functional Specifications, Test Scripts, Project Plans, Migration documents & Data Center Operational Procedures. Carried out IST & UAT during the life-cycle of the Project. Participated in quarterly DR switchovers for Core banking & Compliance applications. Met with Compliance on a regular basis to enhance Bank’s Compliance systems by reviewing the “Good Guys” list, Abbreviations, Noise Words etc and suggesting improvements to the existing system / reports.
Worked with different Functional & Technical teams for various phases of SDLC as per CMMI policies & procedures. Led liaison with the Business, IT team of Developers, Vendor & IT Production teams (UNIX, Windows, MQ / CFT & DBA) for implementation of Projects.
BNP Paribas, Frankfurt, Germany September 2001- February 2005

Sr. Business Analyst – Compliance (Compliance, Swift, HR)
Worked extensively gathering Business Requirements, User documents, Project Study, Workload Estimates, Functional Specifications, Test Scripts, Project Plans, Migration documents, Involved in carrying out IST & UAT during the life-cycle of the Project. Actively involved in quarterly DR switchovers for Core banking & Compliance applications. Led a team of Developers, Vendor & IT Production teams (UNIX, Windows, MQ / CFT & DBA) for implementation of Projects.
SBI Gilts Ltd., Mumbai, India June 1998 – September 2000
Business Analyst
Business Analyst for ITMS Treasury Management software. Production support provided to Traders. Managed hardware & software systems along with system procurement.

Tata Share Registry Ltd., Mumbai, India July 1997 – May 1998
Business Analyst for Cell and Mandate Cell application for payments of dividends and change of address

Center for Computing & Info. Technology March 1995 – June 1997
Lab Instructor
Trained students on center’s applications, documented manuals and kept lab records. Created online curriculum for students.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Business Analysis / Project Management: MS-Project, MS-Office, Visio, JIRA, Livelink, Sharepoint
Operating Systems: UNIX, VMS
Languages: C
RDBMS: Oracle9, MS-Access, SQL
Data warehouse: SAP BI, ABAP
Reporting: Business Objects & Crystal Reports
Middleware: MQ Series

EDUCATION:
B.S., Management / Economics, University of Bombay, India
Diploma, Software Engineering, Center for Computing Info. Technology
Contact this candidate