SUMMARIZED RESUME
FOR
HASSAN JOSEPH BEYDOUN
**** *** ****** ****
League City Tx 77573-4796, USA
Home: +1-281-***-****
Mobile: +1-832-***-****
ad8z9r@r.postjobfree.com
CAREER
OBJECTIVE
A Challenging position in Construction Management, Cost Control or commercial Manager, Estimation or Technical Manager, Project Manager, and Structural or Supervising Engineer.
Work
EXPERIENCE
(12/2007-
Present)
Saudi Binladin Group – ABCD Div. (Senegal International Airport-SIA, Capital Market Authority Tower-CMA, and King Abdul Aziz International Airport-KAIA)
Cost Control Manager:
Making cost analysis for projects, estimating the primary total cost following the above projects analysis. Reviewing the projects correspondences and documents for compliance with provisions of the contract documents. Extracting the relevant histograms form the resource loaded program. Preparing the monthly cost report to the projects director in charge and contacting the project managers and site staffs for the proper functioning of the project cost. Additional responsibilities are outlined as the following:
• Implementation of the project plan and monitoring the cost of the projects program.
• Monitor the actual cost for each expense and compare it with budgeted cost, identify the margin and prepare the forecast and balance cost to complete.
• Prepare forecasted cash flows, identify peak borrowing and month in which borrowing is required
• Prepare a cost and status reports for all cost and scheduling activities for inclusion in the contractual project status report.
• Prepare progress reports, actual versus budget comparison for higher management.
• Initiation and follow-up of preventive and corrective actions to avoid delivery delays and excessive production costs.
• Preparing cost control monitoring report and derive “S” curves.
• Updating monthly the cash flow in/ out.
• Monitoring all related cost with respect to the budget and cash flow of the project.
• Studying project contract and prepare the project claims and variation order
• Involving with planners to finalize the earned value report. Conducting a weekly meeting with site cost control team to discuss how to keep the unnecessary project expenditures to the minimum without affecting the project progress
(12/2006-
10/2007)
Saudi Binladin Group - ABCD Div. (Central Security Building Project for Ministry of Interior in Thahban Location) Site Technical Manager:
Planning and organizing the project activities and coordinating with the project organization members to the direction of improving the productivities of the project. Determining what and when resource requirements. Working with the project's Consultant for the approval of the documents, material, and shop drawings of the project. Supporting site engineers in their technical issues which they encountering during the execution of the project. Communication with other business center managers and
"stakeholders" of the project.
(10/2000 –
11/2006)
Baharoon Development Corporation – (Planning and Control Department)
Department Engineering Head:
Setting up policies and procedures related to project construction management, conducting meeting with the engineers of all fields to discuss most of the raised issues in the monthly projects construction reports and to resolve the pending obstacles that conflict with the project activities. Supervising and assigning works to some special technical staffs to establishing coding structure for materials and services as per the UNSPSC (Universal Standard Products and Services Classification) Code lead by the United Nation.
(11/1998 –
06/2000)
Saudi Binladin Group - ABCD Div. (Cost Control Department) Cost Control Engineer:
Preparing a weekly actual cost report of the running projects in accordance with the budget. Making tabulated forms of the most common and general activities and sub-activities as per the CSI codification used in construction business. Furthermore, following up with the project managers and requesting their daily feedback in regard of the actual cost of these activities and sub-activities. Finally, approving the overtime cost sheet and the expenses.
(07/1997-
08/1998)
Saudi Binladin Group-O&M Div. (Technical Audit Department) Civil Technical Assessor:
Assess, evaluate and appraise the conditions of project assets and performance of site staffs. To assure the company quality in order to meet the client requirements. Preparing site visit reports pointing out all critical deficiencies, which require immediate rectification and top management level attention.
(04/1995-
06/1997)
Saudi Binladin Group-O&M Div. (Studies Department) Senior Civil Engineer:
Preparing tenders, estimating manpower, materials & equipment costs.
(10/1994-
03/1995)
Saudi Binladin Group-O&M Div. (Makkah Haram Area)
Supervisor Civil Engineer:
In-charge of all Civil Maintenance works for Makkah Haram Project. Prepare master plans for the site staffs to perform Scheduled Preventive Maintenance Works.
(03/1992-
06/1994)
Saudi Binladin Group – A & C Division Jeddah (Projects in Makkah and Riyadh)
Coordination Civil Engineer:
Participate in meetings between site Engineers and consultants to solve problems encountered during execution. Scrutinizing Structural/Architectural Drawings before submission to site.
(10/1987-
11/1992)
Baker Engineering Establishment, El Cajon, California Structural Designer and Project Inspector:
Residential Buildings, constructed of wood and masonry, Steel Structure Facilities, and Bridge Trusses.
(1983-1987) Louisiana Tech. University, (Civil Engineering Department) Laboratory instructor & Graduate Assistant: (07/1985-08/1987) Tutor math, static and Dynamic Courses: (07/1983 -08/1985) SPECIAL SKILL Ability to program using FORTRAN and BASIC language. Good familiarity in running STRUDL program, SAI Software Design, Lotus-123, and Microsoft Office Software.
EDUCATION
(1985-1987)
Louisiana Tech. University, Ruston, Louisiana, USA Master of Science in Civil Engineering: August 1987, GPA 3.2/4.0. (Emphasis on Structures and Foundations). Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering: August 1985, GPA 3.2/4.0.
Major Courses Foundation Engineer, Plastic Analysis & Design, Frame Analysis, Design for Deep Foundation, Finite Element Analysis, Soil for Foundation, Advance Soil Mechanics, Analysis of Continuous Structures, Pre-stressed Concrete, Indeterminate Structures, Advance Reinforced Concrete, Computer Methods for Structural Analysis.
HONORS AND
MEMBERSHIPS
Member of CHI EPSILON, Honor society.
Member of ASCE, American Society of Civil Engineer CITIZENSHIP American / Lebanese
PERSONAL
DATA
Excellent Health, willing to relocate. Fluent in English, Arabic, and French. Interested in Sports, Travel, and the Outdoors. Additional Information and References are Available upon Request.
Contact this candidate