Sridevi Yellapu

Email Id: ad8zut@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 908-***-****

Certifications and Training
Certified Scrum Master.
Certified SAFe Agilist 6.0

Education
Master of Computer Applications – Andhra University – 2004
Bachelors of Commerce – Andhra University - 2001

Profile Summary
Overall, 13 years of IT experience spanning 8 years as a Technical Project/Scrum Manager
Over 5 years of experience in Project Management with Scrum working in both Agile and Waterfall and Hybrid Waterfall/Agile methodologies for Software Development with industry standard SDLC based methodologies.
Over 5 years of high-end programming and web Application Development Experience Java, J2EE, Spring boot Rest API’s, Micro Services, Elastic Search, Docker, Kubernetes, IBM Cloud, AWS Cloud and Design patterns
Experience leading in end-to-end Project Planning, Organizing, and Execution on Initiatives in a timely basis, ensuring Project KPI’s and milestones were met in collaboration with clients and internal stakeholders.
Lead the adoption of Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) based frameworks to drive decision-making on various initiatives and enhance overall security strategy.
Identifying, tracking, and comprehensively documenting project risks and issues along with conducting Risk Mitigation Meetings to determine the resolution using RAID Log
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously with high quality delivery with managing changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs along with coaching multiple Scrum Teams.
Developed and monitored Agile Processes, such as Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-Ups, Sprint Reviews and Sprint Retrospectives to ensure successful completion of projects within the budget and timeline and creating tracking plans such as Burn-Down charts and Burn-Up charts.
Facilitated and managed agile teams as a part of a larger Agile Release Train (ART) delivering value to the customer using Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) as the agile framework and PI Planning.
As an Agile Coach, coached development teams through Agile transitions by developing a full understanding of the Scrum framework and why it benefits all parties.
Understanding of various Agile Methodologies like SAFe, Kanban and XP apart from Scrum. Also, experience with Kanban and Scrumban.
Experience working with Agile teams using Azure DevOps for backlog and release management.
Experience handling teams with GitHub, Service Now, teams working with digital transformation. Along with experience working with UX/UI, QA teams, and Subject Matter Experts
Experience with Agile techniques: Initiatives/Epics/User Stories, TDD, BDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Continuous Delivery.
Good knowledge on using API Consumer tools (POSTMAN/SOAPUI)
Experience working with MS Office Projects.
Good communication skills, interpersonal skills, self-motivated, quick learner, team player
Extensive experience in working with Global Team Environment On-site – Off-shore model.
Professional Experience:

Currently working with Mastery Logistics Systems serving as an APM (Agile Project Manager) where my focus is on leading cross-functional teams and leveraging my CSM & SAFe Agilist credentials to enhance project efficacy. I’ve been successfully managing product backlogs and aligned project goals with stakeholder expectations. Our collaborative environment fosters continuous improvement and efficiency in project.

Mastermind is a cloud-based SaaS solution that brings everything you need into one system. Mastermind provides API connections to your other systems, your data warehouse, and external applications for seamless integration.

Technologies: JIRA, Confluence, Power BI for Reporting / Jira Sprint Dashboards,

Responsibilities:

Leading multiple Agile teams through the full project lifecycle. (Planning, Requirements, Design, Development, Testing, Deployment, Maintenance)
Create project timelines, schedules, and goals.
Establish and maintain communication with stakeholders and project teams.
Create and maintain project documentation that keeps stakeholders informed.
Identify and mitigate risks early on to help the project stay on budget and on time.
Allocate resources to meet project requirements, including financial resources.
Ensure the project team follows Agile methodology and best practices and providing guidance.
Track and report project progress to stakeholders.
Manage changes to the project scope and timeline.
Facilitating daily stand-ups, sprint planning, reviews, and retrospectives, ensuring effective communication and team collaboration.
Managing the product backlog, prioritized features, and coordinated with stakeholders to align on project goals and deliverables.
Coordinating with cross-functional teams to resolve dependencies and manage project constraints.

Client : The Clorox Company
Role : Scrum / Project Manager
Duration: April 2024 to till date
Tools : Jira/Jira Align, Confluence, Miro, Tempo, Smart Sheet, Share Point, Teams, Cisco Webex
Technologies : SAP, S4/HANA, Ariba, Anaplan, EDP- Enterprise Data Platform, Azure, MuleSoft, SAP SAP R/3 Sales & Distribution (SD), Order to Cash (OTC), GTS, and cross functional in MM, WM, FI, and EDI.
Responsibilities:

As a Senior Scrum Master, I am responsible for applying agile frameworks such as Scaled Agile to lead agile teams that iteratively and deliver continued incremental value, by using WSJF prioritization technique, Executing PI planning and PI Execution.

I work closely with Product owners to identify and refine requirements and write features and developers to write and manage stories.
I also have a deep understanding of all phases of an IT project life cycle through waterfall and hybrid project management frameworks.

Client : Cisco
Role : Technical Scrum Project Manager
Duration: April 2023 to April 2024
Tools : Jira/Jira Align, Confluence, Trello, Azure DevOps (ADO), Smart Sheet, Miro Board, Share Point, Teams, Cisco Webex, VersionOne Agile, ETL Experience
Technologies: Java, J2EE, Spring boot Rest API’s, Micro Services, Elastic Search, Docker, Kubernetes, IBM Cloud, Log DNA, Jenkins, Cypress automation framework, JPA, jQuery, Oracle, PostgreSQL
Reporting Tools : Elastic Search
Web Frameworks : JSF, Struts, Spring MVC.

Worked with WFC-WPR WPR and D&A (Data Analytics) applications with CISCO through Sigma Soft as a Technical Scrum Project Manager.

Project Overview:

WPR (Workplace Resources) is a CISCO internal project along with teams working on ServiceNow which has multiple applications like Allocations, a specific budget tool, GSA (Global Shipping Applications) where the app mainly deals with ETL w.r.t the Shipment Orders talks about the shipment of packages and goods and overall worldwide CISCO employees to create shipments, iSecure which is an asset management tool for India/China and AMS (Asset Management Tool) which is global to CISCO, ePAF( Electronic Project Authorization Form) which mainly deals with project’s total cost, IPS (Invoice Processing System) which is a platform designed to automate the end-to-end approval processing for CISCO worldwide utilities and Rental Invoices.

Responsibilities:

Managed 2 Java teams at a time namely WFC: WPR (Workplace Resources) and D&A (Data & Analytics) through continual training and productivity improvement.
Worked defining project scope, objectives and deliverables in collaboration with stakeholders.
Worked on developing comprehensive project plan, project scope, resource allocation and managed well with dependencies.
Managing core Agile ceremonies in team environments. Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-up’s, Sprint Reviews and Sprint Retrospectives.
Facilitated and participated in SAFe PI Planning events and coordinated with other Scrum Masters, Product Owners, and Managers.
Facilitated System Demos, Inspect and Adapt workshops for future PI Release Management Meetings.
Assisted RTE in facilitating large-scale, program level meetings: Big Room Planning, Big Room Retrospectives, Test Case Review Meetings.
Coordinate and collaborate with teams related to project dependencies and relationships.
Implemented Agile mindset by conducting Burndown chart, Sprint Report Team velocity analysis, and continuous improvement initiatives.
Worked on tracking/assigning and updating incidents from ServiceNow.
Reviewing, Approving weekly timesheets.
Worked on managing processes, procedures, coordination with business/ organizational units, stakeholder management, change management, status reporting, etc. and Coordination between Onsite and Onshore teams positioned in different time zones.
Worked on Project Planning (on all the phases) & ensuring efficient utilization of technical and administrative resources, to achieve project objectives.
Initiating bridge calls for every major escalation.
Liaising between developers and project stakeholders, fostering quality communication between engineering disciplines
Ensured that 100% of inter team risks, impediments and blockers were identified, communicated, and resolved.
Supported Product Owners with respect to grooming and maintaining Product Backlogs.
Managed and reported on 100% of the tasks and activities assigned to the Scrum teams.
Ensuring all the Scrum activities were tracked and kept up-to date and reported.
Client : Verizon
Role : Project Manager
Duration : Nov 2021 to April 2023
Domain : Telecom/Wireless
Tools : Jira, Confluence, Trello
Technologies: Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring Boot, Microservices, REST API’s, Cassandra

Project Summary
Verizon Wireless is an online Shopping Application with various Mobile Plans, Mobile Devices, Home Services, 4G LTE, 5G etc.
Involved in CXP (Customer Experience Platform) which is integrated by Aggregate Services, Domain Services, PNO and Cassandra

Responsibilities:

Managed 2 teams in Domain Services at a time, namely CXP (Customer Experience Platform) and ACT-18 teams through continual training and productivity improvement.
As an Agile Scrum Project Manager, managed the successful delivery of project within the budget and on time.
Managing core Agile ceremonies in team environments. Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-up’s, Sprint Reviews and Sprint Retrospectives
Coordinated and collaborated with teams related to project dependencies and relationships.
Implemented Agile mindset by conducting burn down chart, team velocity analyses, and continuous improvement initiatives.
Coordination between Onsite and Onshore teams.
Initiating bridge calls for every major escalation.
Working closely with QA/Release Management teams
Liaising between developers and project stakeholders, fostering quality communication between engineering disciplines
Knowledge working on API tools (SOAP/POSTMAN) and Kibana logs for debugging the issues.
Actively working with teams on Security compliance and also identifying Vulnerabilities and create corresponding Spike/User stories for engineering team to remediate the issues.
Improving team efficiencies and prod stability by introducing best practices.
Ensured that 100% of inter team risks, impediments and blockers were identified, communicated and resolved.
Supported Product Owners with respect to grooming and maintaining Product Backlogs.
Managed and reported on 100% of the tasks and activities assigned to the Scrum teams.
Ensuring all the Scrum activities were tracked and kept up-to date and reported.
Working on many features like Scrum implementation seamless for the users, including customizable Scrum boards, many visual project reports, and custom filters for backlog management
Client : Charles Schwab
Role : Project Manager
Duration : Feb 2021 to Nov 2021
Domain : Financial
Tools : Jira, Confluence, Trello
Technologies : Java, WebSphere, IBM MQ, RabbitMQ, Splunk, Junit, log4j, slf4j, Maven Agile, Intellij, RAD, Jira, Confluence, Oracle, Toad

Project Summary:

Alerts Management System are notices from Schwab to investment advisors for various reasons ranging from trading information to missing documentations. These notices may be either informational such as a change to a bond’s credit status or require immediate action such as a sellout. Alerts deliver crucial and time-sensitive information quickly via email and can also be view in SI.com, allowing advisors to quickly follow up and resolve issues.

Responsibilities:
Facilitate Daily Scrums, Sprint Planning, Retrospectives, Stakeholder meetings, Backlog Grooming, preparing Burn Down charts and software demonstrations.
Protect development team from outside distractions, impediments, or team conflicts and maintain focus on product backlog project timeline.
Bring ideas from professional facilitation, coaching, conflict management, mediation, theater and so on to help the team become a high-performance team.
Empower the team to make system and process improvements captured in sprint retrospective meetings.
Tracked and effectively communicated team velocity and sprint/release progress to all affected teams and management.
Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and stakeholders.
Knowledge working on API tools (SOAP/POSTMAN)
Assist in defining and deploying new product development processes and in facilitating the continuous improvement of existing processes.
Used JIRA to handle development issues and as Agile development tracker tool and Trello for Agile and Confluence for documentation.

Client Citi Group Bank
Role : Project Manager / Scrum Master
Duration : Dec 2016 to Feb 2021
Location : NJ, DE
Domain : Banking
Tools : IBM Rational Team Concert, JIRA
Technologies : Restful API, Spring Boot, Spring, IBM Cloud, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Elastic Search, Cypress automation framework, Mockito, Junit, log4j, Agile, Maven, JIRA, Intellij, Eclipse

Project Summary
CitiDirect® Online Banking, Citibank’s Web-Based Corporate Banking Platform, offers browser-based, around – the - clock access to and control of trade transactions from anywhere in the world. The new application adopting the latest and products to remove scalability and capacity limitations in the existing platform to meet the growth demands, and also to free up our resources from maintaining home grown infrastructure services to focus more on delivering technical solutions to meet business needs. This project involved development of payment services for CitiDirect® and a white labeled product based on CitiDirect for Barclays.

Responsibilities:
Protect development team from outside distractions, impediments, or team conflicts and maintain focus on product backlog project timeline.
Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and stakeholders.
Used Agile methodologies and processes to coach Product owners through complex problem solving and solution strategies.
Identified 10+ complex impediments and assisted 2+teams in identifying a path to deliver on their Sprint commitments.
Spearheaded Scrum Ceremonies such as Daily Standups, Retrospectives, Sprint Planning and Sprint Reviews.
Ensured Scrum activities were tracked and kept up to date and reported.
Held stakeholder meetings to develop project visions and develop a prioritized product backlog.
Keeping the development team organized and progressing on the projects they've agreed to, in order of priority.
Tracked and effectively communicated team velocity and sprint/release progress to all affected teams and management.
Analysis of Production defects sometimes when team is in need.
Liaising between developers and project stakeholders, fostering the quality communication between engineering disciplines
Assist in defining and deploying new product development processes and in facilitating the continuous improvement of existing processes.
Used JIRA to handle development issues and as Agile development tracker tool and Trello for Agile

Client : OBI (OneBeacon Insurance)
Role : Software Engineer
Duration : May 2011 to May 2013
Location : NJ, DE
Domain : Insurance
Technologies: Java, J2EE, JSF, Ajax, JSP, Servlets, Web Sphere, MySQL, Web services.

Project Summary:

OneBeacon has developed a migration strategy for the applications developed and deployed in the Visual Basic 6.0 product. This includes the re-plat forming of the Underwriter Desktop (@EAS) currently in use by Commercial Middle Market, Small Business, and Specialty Banking business units. The scope of this legacy modernization re-plat forming effort is limited solely to the client/server Visual Basic 6.0 components of the application and the functionality these components provide. The target development platform for the @EAS client/server application is a JSF/Struts Java-web based application.

Responsibilities:

Worked as a Developer for few of the screens to be developed.
Understanding VB code and integrating the same into Java using JSF framework.
Was responsible for developing the functionality end to end. It includes UI design, Business development in backend, writing Unit Test cases and Integration Testing.
Production Support, Bug Fixes within time.

Client : Qwest
Role : Software Developer
Duration : Jun 2008 to Feb 2011
Domain : Telecom
Technologies : Java, J2EE, JSF and Hibernate, JSP, Servlets, Web Sphere, Web services and Oracle.

Project summary
Qwest supports products and services from multiple lines of business which can be offered in a single consistent interface. The solution incorporates within the interface many business rules associated with the configuration and ordering of products. The solution also ensures that only those products and the services are presented which are available for that customer. This leads to significantly reduces call-handling time.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for the technical design, development, unit and integration testing.
Understanding business rules in IOE using product configuration tool “Selectica”.
Used Oracle server as the Database.
Production Support, Bug Fixes within time.
Understanding the customer requirements, mapping them to functional requirements and creating Requirement Specifications.
Involved in task prioritizing, estimation and distribution across the team
Training the new resources in the technologies and tools used in the project

Client : JPMC
Role : Software Developer
Duration : May 2007 to Jun 2008
Domain : Banking
Technologies : Web Services, Spring Framework, XML Parsing’s, Oracle.

Project summary

Alarm Point is a critical event notification system, enabling businesses to notify and communicate with the right people when critical events affect operational efficiency.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for the technical design, development, unit and integration testing.
Was responsible for developing the XSD’s and WSDL’s. Configured the POJOs with backend tables in Hibernate to achieve the associations.
Created Views, Sequences in the oracle database and modified the existing PL/SQL stored procedures. Handling dependencies using Spring configurations and used JPA and Hibernate as the persistent side frameworks.
Followed agile software development with Scrum methodology. Attending daily standups, backlog grooming, user story pointing sessions, task breakdown, retrospective, collaboration meetings
Code analysis for proposed enhancement and coming up with estimation of efforts.
Documenting the solution with diagrams, charts, wiki pages, instructions, and application programming interface specifications.
Availability matrix and also involved in Project Scrum meetings to report the progress. Closely working with management to identify and mitigate the risks identified.
Production Support, Bug Fixes within time.

Client : OneIndia
Duration : May 2006 to Apr 2007
Role : Developer
Domain : Sales
Technologies : JSP 1.2, Struts, JSTL, MySQL, JBOSS 4.0

Project summary:

Demand Management project is developed exclusively for the salespersons. This is basically a “Rule Engine” Wherein the “Administrator” who can access the accounts of multiple customers. This module is built so as to create customizable rules. The “Admin” will be facilitated to create a specific rule for a customer along with providing some arguments to be added. The customer will also be provided with a resource, owner by the Admin.

Initially there will be one home page where the admin needs to create a rule name along with some description. Then he can add some arguments along with some conditions. He can also assign an owner and a resource from the given pop-ups. He can also view the list of rules from the “Rules” page. The admin is also provided the facility to edit or delete a particular rule from the “Rue Details” page.

Responsibilities:

Code analysis for proposed development and coming up with estimation of efforts.
Handling daily calls with the clients and gathering requirements.
Designing & coding and development.
Handling performance improvement issues.
Testing
Contact this candidate