Walt A. Forris
Frisco, TX *****
Cell: 310-***-****
Email: ad8z6e@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:
Warehousing And Distribution Specialist with many years of experience. Eager to contribute mu expertise towards supporting a progressive company in boosting productivity, quality, and profitability of the operations.

Work Experience:
Rose International (Frito-Lay)
February 2014- June 2024
Receiving and Shipping of handheld computer devices.
Clearing out any old software on the handheld devices.
Uploading any new software to handheld devices.
Roughly 3,000 devices programmed and shipped yearly.
Weekly management meetings
Conducted research as needed.
Supervised Several employees.
Weekly inventory
Data Entry

DSL iPad Configuration (Staffing/PepsiCo)
June 2011- June 2013
Preloading all iPads for distribution.
Making sure all iPad settings are adjusted correctly.
Organizing and managing shipment information for deployment.
Maintaining and Updating Spreadsheets.
Provide technical support for PepsiCo recipients that had any further issues.
Communication Via email for User verification.
Organization to meet deadlines on all assigned projects.
Weekly Meetings with Project Manager and analyst on key Projects.

Deli Chef (Kroger)
November 2009 – November 2011
Coordinated and prepared various dishes from the deli menu.
Supervised a staff of 3 to ensure that all meals are prepared with consistency and quality.
Setup and regularly maintained all food stations located throughout the deli area.
Maintained a high quality and inspection rating from Quality Control on a regular basis.
Weekly staff meetings to discuss the direction and profitability of the deli department.

Distribution Supervisor (Papa John’s Food Distribution)
August 2006 – August 2008
Provided Training, Evaluation, and mentoring for new Team Members.
Supervised the distribution team.
Ensured error free, timely, and efficient completion of daily tasks.
Reviewed all staging reports prior to distribution.
Supervised the daily cleaning and sanitation schedules.
Met weekly with upper management to report any changes, issues, or concerns.
Weekly inventory
Data Entry

PROFILE:
Offer approximately 20 years of progressive experience in Warehouse, Shipping & Receiving with comprehensive management background.
Effectively define, develop, and implement targeted action plans to maximize operational productivity, efficiency, and profitability.
Proactively train, develop and direct, motivated teams and create a collaborative environment conducive to achieving high levels of employee retention and job satisfaction.
Dynamic communication, presentation, relationship building and problem-solving abilities.
Excel at interacting with broad populations including senior management, staff, customers, and vendors.
Highly versatile, quickly adjust to new roles, responsibilities, changes, and environments.
Demonstrate initiative by analyzing output and executing procedure to eliminate redundancy, accelerate output, and minimize expenses. proficient in utilizing computers and PDAs.

RECENT ACHIEVEMENTS:
Successfully completed the receiving and roll-out deployment of over 18k handheld devices with less than 2% loss from the field.
Applied sharp business acumen toward determining cost-effective alternatives, utilized various shipping companies and reduced shipping cost by 30%.
Initiated a battery recycle program for used batteries, sent over 25k batteries out for recycling at no cost to the company.
Optimized efficiency and streamlined workflow by effectively organizing the dry goods and frozen food inventory. Increased loading time and shipped out all loads without delays by utilizing a palletized method. Boosted order-pulling times by 20% through extensive new hire training on product location.

EDUCATION:
Associate Degree in Culinary Arts

Oakland Community College-Farmington Hills, MI.
1980 - 1982

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT/TRAINING:
Sexual Harassment Prevention

Conference on OSHA Compliance

Certified Forklift Drive
Contact this candidate