Vidyadhara Subbarao

e-mail: ad9a6f@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 732-***-****
US Citizen

SUMMARY:
Engagement Manager/Program Manager/Project Manager with notable success directing a broad range of Corporate IT Infrastructure initiatives and Development Projects. Skilled in planning, analyzing and implementing solutions in support of business objectives. Experienced in leading all stages of system development efforts, including defining requirements, design development, architecture, testing, implementation, and support. Expertise in Agile/Scrum and Waterfall project methodology. Proven expertise in Project Management in various industries working with teams across geographical locations. Completing projects successfully through effective communication and team building with stakeholders and business partners using collaboration from initiation to closure.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

TATA Consultancy Services Limited Dec 2011 – Till date

AMNEAL PHARMACEUTICALS Oct 2023– Present
Program Manager/Project Manager

Managed team of 40+ members for this Pharmaceutical Client (Generic Drugs). Direct To Customer (D2C) Project involved multiple teams including JD Edwards and Boomi integration teams.
PM tasks include Tracked deliverables, issues, and risks and updated stakeholders, sponsor and senior management on project status. Worked with customer to resolve project creep issues to ensure project timeline is met. Worked with leads/customer to ensure all in-scope applications were integrated as per SOW (Inbound/Outbound Systems). Managed regular escalations and weekly/monthly governance meetings with stakeholders.

JOHNSON & JOHNSON Feb 2023– Sept 2023
Program Manager/Project Manager

Project: AMS Corporate Support
Successfully led a team of 60+ members in transitioning of corporate applications
PM tasks include working with tower leads to get status updates. Ensure Applications are transitioned successfully from incoming Vendor and provide weekly and monthly updates to key stakeholders. Ensure team receives all application knowledge and stage gate criteria are met.

GE Feb 2022– Feb 2023
Program Manager/Project Manager

Project: Migration Project – Support Central to NextGen
Successfully led a team of 30+ members in Migration of Support Central application (Legacy) to NextGen. Application technology stack included Java and Oracle Database.
Responsibilities: Working with team leads to get status updates. Provided weekly Status updates to GE Support Central leadership team. Worked with other stakeholders to ensure Project timelines are maintained. Ensure risk logs are updated and call out for any critical delays in Timelines. Successfully delivered and transitioned to support team.

SAP Mar 2021– Jan 2022
Technical Project Manager

Project: Migrate DCs (Azure/GCP Cloud Migration)
As part of SAP SFOne Strike Project Team, I was responsible for migrating DataCenters (DCs) to Cloud (Azure or GPS). In all there were 27 focus areas.
Responsibilities: Migration of all BizX and LMS modules to DCs which were either on Azure or GCP. Present weekly overall Status Dashboard to SAP Leadership team. Ensure Scrum Dashboard is updated by PMs with latest updates which was used for tracking purpose. Update SAP SF One Strike team on overall status and progress of migration and Risk/Issue on any cutovers.

TAPESTRY Mar 2020– Feb 2021
Technical Project Manager (Enterprise Cloud Migration)

Project: DCX Migration to AWS
As part of DCX Project team, I was responsible for migrating all Enterprise Applications from on-premise to AWS. Altogether, 80+ Applications were scheduled for migration.
Responsibilities: Migration of all Enterprise Applications from on-premise to AWS. Ensure all details for current and upcoming waves are updated. Conduct daily standup, attend Scrum-Scrum with other towers and program meeting with Tapestry Program Manager. Ensure Trello is updated with latest updates and was used for tracking purpose. Update stakeholder on progress of migration and report Risks/Issue on any cutovers.
Major applications included ETL, SAP modules, MicroStrategy, Tidal.

KPMG NJ July 2019 – Feb 2020
Project Manager

Project: OpenPD GLMS Merge
As per recommendation of SAP SuccessFactors, KPMG initiated a merging of Modules OpenPD and GLMS. These modules were located on different servers and were maintained by different teams.
PM Tasks include Managed the entire effort of merging these highly visible applications. Work with OpenPD and GLMS application teams on development timelines and ensure progress is on track, Co-ordinate with QA team to ensure testing cycles are ready for each phase. Reach out to Member Firms for evaluation of Merged environment. Co-ordinate with Member Firms for Product release dates, Updated stakeholders, sponsor and senior management on project timelines by providing one page summary, which included current progress, issues and risks.

DEUTSCHE BANK, NY, NY Mar 2016 – Jun 2019
Program Manager

Project: DBExchange Migration
As part of bank’s highly visible application, DBExchange is the gateway for data that flows into and out of bank. Any data that goes out of the bank or comes into the bank’s network was routed through Dbexchange tool.
Responsibilities: Co-ordinate the entire effort of migrating this critical tool (both External Organizations and Bank’s internal team). Identify key contacts, co-ordinate with team on timelines to migrate and start the process of migration. Co-ordinate with support team to implement migration. Schedule batch of accounts to be migrated to production after successful testing. Tracked deliverables and updated stakeholders, sponsor and senior management on project status, by providing one page summary, which included current progress, issues and risks.

BARCLAYS, NY, NY Aug 2015 – Mar 2016
Project Manager

Project: IB RM Future State
As a result of the rigorous recordkeeping requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, regulators across the globe are increasingly focused on requirements to create and store new types of records, along with specific mandates on search ability and retrieval. Furthermore, U.S. regulators have specific requirements to identify “all records created as part of normal business practice” by a given transaction or counter-party ID in order to reconstruct a transaction. To fulfill this requirement, this data warehousing initiative was broadly classified into 2 broad areas, Governance (ETL) - Schema Evolution, Daily Data Feeds, Conformance verses Non Conformance and Federated Search (BI) - retrieval of documents from WORM system and search facilities between different applications.

Responsibilities: Acquired, directed and managed project team of 15 members. Managed multiple phases of project from inception to closure. Managed scope, staffing requirements and deliverables. Managed and controlled $2 million budget. Identified all stakeholders and managed their expectations. Defined and documented business requirements and processes. Created multiple project plans that identified key issues, approaches and performance metrics. Collaborated with various Application teams to ensure data was provided in correct format for ETL process. Tracked schedule and cost variances and suggested corrective actions. Performed WBS based on the requirements, created activity list and conducted critical path analysis. Worked with work streams to develop timelines for completion of activities, ensured management was informed of impacts to project schedule. Conducted Risk Assessment, established contingency plans and mitigated Risk factors on critical technologies in the Record Management space. Amended scope based on sponsor and stakeholder request, updated schedule and cost baseline based on the scope enhancement. Tracked deliverables and updated stakeholders, sponsor and senior management on project status, by providing one pager which included current expenditure progress, issues and risks.

MOODY’S INVESTORS SERVICES Dec 2011 – August 2015
Project Manager/Tech Development Manager

Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management.

Responsibilities: Managed BRM3 (Banking Rating Methodology) and BFMe (Banking Finance Methodology Enhancements) from Inception to Closure. Tracked deliverables, issues, and risks and updated stakeholders, sponsor and senior management monthly on project status, by providing one pager which included current expenditure progress, issues, and risks. Maintained proper documentation for all phases of project management using Waterfall methodology. Created Change control request for implementation of the projects and managed additional changes based on correction needed during execution and monitoring phase of the project. Coordinated on daily basis with offshore (India) and onshore resources to get current statuses on development activities. Managed team of 27 developers (offshore and onsite). Worked with release managers and QA team on daily basis to ensure smooth release. Provided budget proposal (used parametric estimating). Provided documentation for change control board and steering committee. Provided estimates for Ad-Hoc tasks in case of scope changes. Created Requirement Traceability Matrix to ensure all requirements are accounted.

Project: Sybase Upgrade Phase 1 and Phase 2 (ver Sybase 12.5 to Sybase 15.7):

Responsibilities: Led the project for 5 databases that were upgraded from start to finish. Phase 1 involved all Tier 1 applications that were critical to the organization. Phase 2 involved all remaining applications. Create roadmap for the complete project that details all activities needed for the project. Create project plan with all detailed tasks and update on a regular basis using MS Project 2010. Published weekly status report to management using PowerPoint. Coordinate on daily basis with offshore (India) and onshore resources to get current statuses on development activities. Managed team of 14 developers (offshore and onsite). Worked with release managers and QA team to ensure smooth release to Production. Provide budget proposal for project and for Ad-Hoc tasks. Responsible for resource management. Managed all phases of project from inception through execution. Performed performance tuning during upgrade cycle. Interaction with various teams (release management, SCM and production support) and updating status to management teams. Extensive interaction with development managers and project managers. Involved in quarterly releases and off-cycle releases.

Project: Arizona
This project involved changing password for System IDs in various applications across Moodys. This project had major impacts on Tier 1 Applications and Tier 2 Applications which had major visibility. Disaster Recovery Phase 1: implemented DR exercise and coordinated with various teams to ensure runbooks were updated correctly.

Project: Windows Server Upgrade (Windows 2003 to Window 2012)
Migrated successfully the following applications, Addendum and nRDE were successfully moved to production. Work with IT Business Units on agreeing on delivery timelines for the Development, Testing, Training, Production and Disaster Recovery Environments. Work with IT Application teams to identify and mitigate risks and obtain consensus developing an acceptable solution. Review project status weekly with Moodys Leadership Team. Also, included Office 2013, Visio 2010, and SharePoint 2013. Used MS Project 2013 extensively for maintaining Project plans. Used SNOW (ServiceNow) for ticket management.

THOMSON REUTER Apr 2011 – Dec 2011
Project Manager/Sybase Tech Lead

Thomson Reuters is the world’s leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. Thomson Reuters combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, healthcare, science and media markets, powered by the world’s most trusted news organization.

Project: IDC GEO Replacement
This project was primarily focused to replace IDC feeds in GEO application. IDC feed provide equity pricing information and corporate actions such as splits and dividends and corporate events such as cusip/ticker/name changes.
Responsibilities:
Managed all data feeds.
Managed issues with GEO data loading.
Manual override of securities attributes.
Gathered Business Requirements and worked with SMEs.
Implemented project using SDLC process.
Create project plan.
Maintained list of in-scope and out-of-scope items.
Managed different stakeholders and vendors.
Coordinate with support team to deploy application to QA, UAT/Stage and production).
Involved in design and code review.

UBS Sept 2010 – Apr 2011
Technical Project Manager

UBS offers high net worth and affluent individuals around the world a complete range of tailored advice and investment services, whether they are investing internationally or in their home country.

Project: CEFS OneSource Application
UBS Corporate Employee Financial Services (CEFS) delivers comprehensive expertise, professional implementation and effective communication support for your equity-linked compensation plans throughout their life cycle.

Managed CEFS application.
Worked with development team helping with technical issues (Sybase/UNIX).
Extensive interaction with key stakeholders.
Managed all phases of project from inception through execution.
Implemented all changes using SDLC process.
Modified PERL scripts that had to send out emails to clients when there were any shares for ESOP/SAR plans.
Performed performance tuning for long running processes.
Used UNIX to modify Stored Procedures/PERL scripts.
Modified existing PERL scripts and PERL modules.
Involved in all phases of SDLC.

CREDIT SUISSE Jan 2010 – Sep 2010
Sr. Sybase Developer

Credit Suisse Group is a world-leading financial services company, advising clients in all aspects of finance, around the world, around the clock. Credit Suisse operates in three global divisions, private banking, investment banking and asset management. The 3 divisions are supported by shared services.

Project: Revenue Application
Revenue Application is an application used by the Investment Banking Division (IBD) and Product Control (PC) staff. Revenue Application allows the PC staff to add and maintain investment banking deals, some of which are future deals. Future deals are recorded in the pipeline, that will hopefully be executed by IBD and convert these to actual deals. It has a built-in report functionally to allow PC to show data at various levels.

Project: IFRS Underwriting Expense Reclassification
As per IFRS guidelines, a change was made to allocate expenses as Recoverable verses Non-Recoverable. Under IFRS expenses that are reimbursed by other syndicate members of the underwriting shall be netted against underwriting income if the following criteria are met, the costs are incremental to the transaction, the expenses are passed on to the other syndicate members as incurred and the other syndicate members are obligated to reimburse CS for the expenses even if the underwriting does not materialize.

Responsible for managing enhancements to Spider Application.
Interacted with business team and focus team to gather requirements.
Managed team of 5 developers.
Increased rigor in coding standards compliance across groups and technologies.
Managed relationship with development/QA/project/product management.
Estimation model definition and review.
Bug fixing, QA testing and releasing the application to production.
Implemented performance tuning for long running processes.
Involved in all phases of SDLC.

Environment: Sybase 15/12.5, UNIX, PERL, DBArtisan and PVCS, ERwin

MEDCO Jun 2008 – Jan 2010
Sr. Software Consultant

Medco is a leading pharmacy benefit manager (PBM), with the nation's largest mail order pharmacy operations. Through advanced pharmacy, Medco improves the health and lowers the total cost of care for clients and their members.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for enhancements to formulary rebate systems.
Implemented changes to Stored Procedures on Sybase database.
Implemented modifications to triggers on Sybase database.
Bug fixing, QA testing and releasing the application to production.
All Stored Procedures were maintained in UNIX environment.
Participated in T-SQL performance tuning for better performance and reporting.
Used Informatica tool (ETL) for data integration purpose with Sybase.
Solved the production support issues which come as tickets.
Interacted with business users to gather requirements.

Environment: Sybase 12.0, UNIX, DBArtisan and PVCS, Informatica

AVIS BUDGET GROUP Jan 2007 – Jun 2008
Sr. Software Consultant

AVIS Budget Group operated 2 of the most recognized brands in the global vehicle rental industry through Avis and Budget. Avis is a leading rental car supplier to the premium commercial and leisure segments of the travel industry and Budget is a leading rental car supplier to the price-conscious segments of the industry.
Responsibilities:
Implemented modification to a number of Stored Procedures and triggers on Sybase database.
Used BCP for data uploading and data manipulation between tables.
Created tables, views, key, indexes and other database objects in the new standalone pricing database.
Worked in Sybase Transact SQL extensively and supported existing T-SQL batches.
Created and enhanced many Sybase tables and views.
Participated in T-SQL performance tuning for better performance and reporting.
Solving the production support issues which come as tickets.
Interacted with business users to gather requirements.

Environment: Sybase 12.0, UNIX, Data Modelling, ERwin, DBArtisan and PVCS

ALLIANCE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Feb 2004 – Jan 2007
Software Consultant

A leader in global research and investment management, Alliance Capital has a broad range of investment disciplines for a diverse variety of clients. They provide investment management tools for individual investors and for institutional clients. Production support for applications in the investment management group. List includes the following applications: IRA, Business Process Application and Document Imaging Application.
Responsibilities:
Participated as development and support engineer.
Worked in Sybase Transact SQL extensively.
Supported existing T-SQL batches.
Created and enhanced many Sybase tables and views.
Created and modified many Stored Procedures in Sybase.
Participated in T-SQL performance tuning for better performance.
Worked closely with PSG (Production Support Group) to overcome production issues.
Coordinated with lead and DBA to release new database objects into production.
Created documentation for release.
Bug fixing, QA testing and releasing the application.
Solving the production support issues which come as tickets.

Environment: Sybase 12.0, Transact SQL, Perl, UNIX, DBArtisan and PVCS

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE:

SONY ELECTRONICS LIMITED, NJ November 2002 – January 2004
Software Consultant

FLORIDA POWER AND LIGHT, FL September 2001 – October 2002
Team Lead

WALLENIUS WILHELMSEN LINES, NJ October 2000 – September 2001
Team Lead - EDI Implementation

HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT (HUD), VA June 2000 – September 2000
Programmer Analyst

SONY PICTURES ENTERTAINMENT, CA September 1999 – May 2000
Programmer/Analyst

PEOPLES BANK, CT April 1999 – September 1999
Programmer/Analyst

EPSILON DATA MANAGEMENT, Boston, MA April 1998 – March 1999
Programmer/Analyst

CITIBANK, INC., NY November 1997 – March 1998
Systems Consultant

NABISCO, NJ May 1997 – October 1997
Systems Consultant

AT&T, NJ February 1997 – May 1997
Systems Consultant

COMPUFLEX SYSTEMS LTD., India February 1996 - January 1997
Systems Consultant

NOVA SYSTEMS LTD., India November 1995 – January 1996
Programmer Analyst

ENHIRA SOFTWARE PVT. LTD, India April 1993 – October 1995
Systems Executive

EDUCATION:

M.S. Degree in Business Administration, India

B.S. Degree in Computer Science, India

CERTIFICATION:

PMP Certification in Progress
Contact this candidate