Joe Ibanez
Winchester, CA ***** 619-***-**** ad9aqb@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Dynamic Operations Manager with a proven track record at Consumer Fusion, Inc, excelling in operations management and team leadership. Spearheaded process improvements, enhancing operational efficiency and productivity. Skilled in fostering client relationships and driving project success, achieving higher employee retention and increased profits through strategic planning and effective staff training.
SKILLS Problem-Solving Team Leadership
Operations Management Customer Service
Operations Monitoring Operational Efficiency
Decision-Making Employee relations and conflict
resolution
Staff Training Staff Management
Management Project Management
Policies and procedures
implementation
Performance monitoring
Employee Motivation Goal Setting
Interpersonal Communication Client Relationships
Strategic Planning Project management abilities
Process Improvement Project Leadership
Customer Relationship
Management (CRM)
WORK HISTORY OPERATIONS MANAGER 05/2011 to 06/2024 Consumer Fusion, Inc San Diego
Supervised operations staff and kept employees compliant with company policies and procedures.
Empowered employees to take ownership of their responsibilities, leading to increased accountability and improved performance outcomes. Conducted regular performance reviews, identifying areas for improvement and developing action plans to address them.
Managed inventory and supply chain operations to achieve timely and accurate delivery of goods and services.
Led hiring, onboarding and training of new hires to fulfill business J I
requirements.
Developed and maintained relationships with external vendors and suppliers.
Developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality and team efficiency.
Established positive and effective communication among unit staff and organization leadership, reducing miscommunications, and missed deadlines.
Analyzed and reported on key performance metrics to senior management. Facilitated smooth collaboration between departments through clear communication channels.
Managed budgets effectively, consistently delivering projects on-time and within financial constraints.
Achieved higher employee retention rates by fostering a positive work environment and providing opportunities for professional growth. Handled staff training initiatives aimed at upskilling the workforce to meet dynamic industry demands.
Spearheaded process improvements, resulting in increased productivity and reduced operational costs.
Increased profit by streamlining operations.
Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.
Trained and guided team members to maintain high productivity and performance metrics.
Tracked employee attendance and punctuality, addressing repeat problems quickly to prevent long-term habits.
Recruited, hired, and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new organization. EDUCATION High School Diploma
Cleveland High School,, Northridge
LANGUAGES Spanish
Full Professional
Contact this candidate