DELORES COLEMAN
Baltimore, Maryland *****
ad9agf@r.postjobfree.com
443-***-****

EDUCATION
Master of Arts Degree – Leadership / Information Technology - Project Management
Bachelor of Arts Degree – Business Administration

TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint) Microsoft Project, Share Point, Salesforce, Groupwise, Outlook, Kronos, Siterra, Ariba, Livelink, BST, Oracle, IT and WEB Development – HTML and CSS. Asset Suite 8 database management and Power-BI

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Proactive Project Manager/ Business Analyst with high proficiency in word processing, database management and project management applications. Experience using MS Project, SharePoint, Salesforce, Access and other software and databases used to create, track, evaluate and monitor project schedules, Gantt charts, calculating and analyzing critical path activities, resources, costs, and tasks for several concurrent projects. Qualified with contracts and procurement processes, performing in lead roles and supervising small to mid size groups. Developed comprehensive and detailed project plans, including methodology, resources requirements, timelines, priorities and budget impact. Exercises full responsibility for the lifecycle of project management activities.
Proactive involvement in management of projects life cycle, evaluate and develop project schedules, identify and mitigate risks, manage project baseline, delivery timelines, and milestones.
Coordinate numerous projects, facilitate workshops and project meetings, minutes, provide project status update, and presentations using PowerPoint, Excel, SQL/Access and other database software.
Project administrator and principal contact as it relates to project timelines, deliverables, financial objectives, contracts, budgets, and status reports.
Basic accounting, analytical, strong organizational and communication skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Mindlance (BGE New Business Residential/Commercial) Project Manager – July 2023 – Present
Operate the work management order tasks process to ensure the assigned residential and commercial projects are successfully scheduled with all financial, encroachments, permits and environmental (tree trimming) holds are released as standards upon pre-site visit, prior to construction. Provide leadership to the construction team and serves as a liaison between the field superintendent, owner, design team, and subcontractors. Project Scope of work are primarily KVC transformer overhead underground upgrades and meter services, Betterment work, underground, pole removal, gas or electric service upgrade and installation.
Assume job ownership preceding design phase, collaborate with various teams to schedule construction tasks and manage each project sequentially until the entire project scope is completed.
Oversee project timelines to ensure jobs stay on schedule, facilitate with construction team to provide updates and make project corrections and communicate with customers about project changes or delays.
Support project execution, assists in coordinating and expediting project plans to ensure timely completion.

Zolon (Exelon -Pepco Civil Engineering) Associate Project Manager March 2022 – May 2023
Assisted Sr Project Managers in the completion of transmission, substation projects. Provided contract administration support with report writing, preparation of financial worksheets, coordinating with construction projects, planning, development and project execution. Assisted with processing blanket contracts, contract requisition, payment authorization, routing requisitions for approval level when less than 50k or greater.
Processed all procurement invoices and contract changes in Passport – Asset Suite 8 data management system. Provided follow-up on project activities during all phases for storm water management, road replacement work.
Tracked project cost and accruals in Redwave A/P system, verified sole source forms with contracts over 50K, added project ITN’s, generated accruals financial monthly report. Attended all project meetings to provide updates.

Stanley Black and Decker - Business Analyst /Project Manager- February 2020 – December 2020 (Covid-19 Layoff)
Worked with the Business Services team on all efforts in an internal Agile (Project Lifecycle Management) PLM system, providing support as liaison delivering solutions to end-users, stakeholders, vendors, and technical teams.
Managed requirement for software application upgrades, new and add on applications requests.
Engaged globally with IT teams and users working to deliver upgrades and enhancements.
Managed project budgets, procurement efforts, purchase requests, purchase orders and updating all project notes in Sharepoint database while coordinating documents and test enhancements requests.

Contractor- (Exelon Baltimore Gas & Electric) - Business Analyst March 2019 – January 2020
Performed detailed analysis and prepared comprehensive documents in support of business operations and document control. Supported the Transmission and Substation engineering group with tracking and distribution of files and drawings.
Used computer design applications and working management systems (AutoCAD, PLS CAD, MicroStation, Formtek, BC Meridian and Fusion, AS8). * Maintained updates to different databases and spreadsheets.
Tracked requests, metric tracking and report generation through the EDMS system.
Controlled check in process for engineering documents for BGE substations (CAD and Nitro pdf substation drawings).
Managed files transfer and drawing prints for internal engineering team and contractors.

Jewish Community Services – Disability Job Coach (part-time) January 2018 – March 2019
Provided disability clients with employment development training based on physical and mental capabilities, job searching skills, resume preparation, assisted with interviews, and on the job follow-up training and support.

Lambert Cable Splicing (Verizon)- Project Assistant - (Temporary) June 2018– November 2018
Assisted project managers with maintaining and updating the regional database processes for aerial underground line and cable splicing maintenance for utility, local and long-distance telecommunications lines, building installations and joint trench construction projects for Verizon.
Entered work orders daily and utility contract data using a SharePoint database.
Provided administration support, processed invoices and required permits and other documents for cable splicer and line installer contractors to install, maintain and repair services for Verizon.
Generated labor/material reports and daily production time sheets and billing invoices.
AAI-Textron Aerospace) Project Scheduler /Data Specialist (Temporary) February 2017 – June 2017
Performed a variety of coordination activities with manufacturing planning and operations team, provided scheduling in an internal system which to develop processes for long and short-term capacity planning.
Analyzed orders for production and procurement using an Oracle database system and Excel worksheets to assure scheduling compliance and to provided internal and external management reports

Contractor (General Electric Defense & Aviation) Project Coordinator July 2016 – January 2017
Facilitated work flows including Statements of Work, Purchase Orders, Project Cost Accounting & Data Reports, Work Authorizations and Change Management.
Served as the ‘go-to’ resource for the engineering operations team as it relates to data management.
Processed Work Order, evaluated contracts for accuracy and processed material invoices.
Generated statistical data reports and monitored workflow progress.

Contractor - Prometric Testing Centers - Project Manager – June 2015 – July 2016
Coordinated site build outs for all testing centers, new sites, relocations, closures, and site expansion through project transitioned and or until activities were complete.
Maintained and tracked project schedules, timelines and completion of milestones using Salesforce, Excel, Access data management software.
Coordinated and scheduled tasks for optimal workflow and completion of activities for full operation of all installation for electrical, cabling, HVAC, security surveillance, IT wireless network deployment (computer hardware, servers, etc) from 3rd party, internal vender and internal systems.

ABM - Project Manager – Events July 2013 – March 2015
Managed Project Events Contract for Towson State University to coordinate and manage environmental services with 20+ staff providing daily goals and projects established per contract.
Analyzed and managed the financial and operational performances, quality control and safety programs, payroll, recruitment, training, monitoring employees' performance, and provided corrective action.

Mayor’s Office of Employment Development - Project Manager June 2012 – June 2013
Supervised a small group in managing the project scope for a National Emergency Federal Grant program provided by BRAC (Based Realignment and Closure)
Facilitated classroom training for federal application processes. Scheduled workshops with Career Development Specialists from each One Stop Career Centers, trained groups at special events which required employment development assistance, also Veterans who qualified for federal government preference, and at local colleges and career fairs.
Developed the FEDirect presentation training materials, generated statistical reports for enrollment and completion rate using Excel worksheets, along with other performance data required by the project scope.
Managed specific employment training and job placement record keeping using the MWE (Maryland Workforce Exchange) data base

Gannett Fleming Engineering Inc.-Assistant Project Manager March 2006- October 2011
Provided administrative project support to the Senior Vice President, Civil Engineers and Project Managers with contracts, procurement, new and reallocating budgets, insurance certificates, scheduling, and setting up new projects using the (PA), Project Authorization the (WBS) Work Breakdown Schedule and project percent complete standards.
Assisted with project scope, managed project performance, negative revenue issues and the Performance Evaluation Plan (PEP) modifications.
Managed project inquiries, updates and status quote to track project deliverables.
Handled contract processes, general & professional liability insurance certificates for new and existing contracts, proposals and sub consultant agreements.
Monitored and maintained the requirements for Minority Business Enterprise (MBE) contracts, procurements, ensuring compliance with State and Local Government regulations.
Generated all reports for project performance, revenue and yearly project forecasts.
Contact this candidate