EB
ERNEST BROWN
ad9a7w@r.postjobfree.com 504-***-**** Marietta, GA 30067
Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong work ethic, adaptability, and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience. LabCorp Indianapolis, IN
Study Design Lead II
01/2021 - 06/2024
Led accurate interpretation and translation of protocol requirements into the Labcorp CLS Statement Of Work (SOW) document. Leveraged technical, therapeutic area, client, and Labcorp CLS process knowledge to provide a comprehensive and complete Statement Of Work (SOW) document.
Acted as a consultant to the client to advise on study design choices and worked with Global Study Manager to highlight risks and budget impacts associated with study design.
Liaised with internal departments to understand Labcorp CLS capabilities and assessed feasibility of requests in order to meet client needs and protocol requirements related to study design. IQVIA Durham, NC
Senior Set-Up Specialist
04/2012 - 01/2020
Maintained and managed study timelines during start-up phase, Ensuring the database is configured and reviewed as per source documentation.
Assisted in the development of database design documents (e.g. project specific kit contents, laboratory events, requisitions, medical reports) and programming for full protocols and protocol amendments.
Contributed to project planning, such as creating accurate project timelines, complying with regulatory steps, and identifying potential Summary
Experience
project related issues. Lead set-up activities and communications with client and or sponsor counterparts.
Managed the entire set-up process for one region with the oversight of project manager.
Mentored and assisted in training more junior staff. Contribute to project improvement initiatives.
Coordinated information and communications for setup activities with clients and internal customers to ensure approvals are met and launch is successful.
Coordinated set-up activities across data management, logistics, clinical trial materials, laboratory testing and specimen management.
Ensured work is in line with standard operating procedures, policies and good practice.
Collected and reviewed regulatory documents from clinical sites and communicated with sites regarding trial start-up, conduct, and close-out activities.
Liaised with Clinical Operations and vendors regarding tracking information.
Managed and tracked study specific payments and clinical and non-clinical supplies.
Generated and reviewed management reports from internal tracking systems.
Morehouse School of Medicine
Atlanta, GA
Research Assistant
08/2009 - 04/2012
Developed research protocols and procedures to produce accurate results.
Collected research data through experimentation, surveys and leading focus groups.
Conducted tests on equipment and instruments for quality. Participated in lab meetings and project presentations. Analyzed results using analytical software and created reports. Spring Hill College Mobile, AL
Bachelor of Science in Biology
Education and Training
05/2002
Strategic Thinking
Decision-Making
Task Prioritization
Time Management
Self Motivation
Professionalism
Multitasking
Skills
Contact this candidate