Erich Mazolli
Sherrills Ford, NC
+1-980-***-****
ad9b6q@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
Dynamic senior leader with 25+ years of success driving sales, project management, and business development
● Proven track record of exceeding targets and delivering exceptional results in the pump market.
● Expertise in P&L management, strategic planning, and business process optimization.
● Successful in opening and developing new branches, demonstrating strong project management and entrepreneurial skills.
● Adept at leading and managing high-performing teams, fostering a culture of collaboration and achievement.
● Eager to leverage my expertise in new markets and industries, contributing to continued growth and success.
Experience:
Regional Sales Director
KSB do Brasil
2015 - January 2024
● Led Sales & Commercial Operations, including Sales Excellence, Business Intelligence, Customer Services, Customer Care, and Aftermarket.
● Managed P&L responsibilities, implemented sales methodologies, and developed business processes.
● Provided strategic leadership for sales planning, business development, and operational execution.
● Directed Brazil's commercial operations, overseeing sales branches across multiple industries.
● Spearheaded sales initiatives in the General Industry, Mining, Steel Mill, Pulp & Paper, and Sugar & Alcohol sectors.
● Member of Brazil Management Board, overseeing a team of 23 salesmen and 22 internal sales staff
Main results
>> Increase the contribution margin significantly
>> Organic growth of 7 to 10% annually in sales
>> Growth from 30 to 45% in sales of parts and services in the markets served
>> Development of new businesses and products for the market served
>> Development of a growth project for parts and services throughout South America Branches Manager Brazil
KSB do Brasil
1998-2015
● In charge of opening and developing the business of 7 new branches throughout the country. The project consisted of preparing the business plan, approving it with the board of directors, managing the project, choosing the location, and setting up the branch until the project's closure. After that, I was responsible for the operation, which the local branch manager reported to me.
● Main results: increased number of customers, sales with better contribution margin, greater market coverage
Sales Coordinator
KSB do Brasil
1989-1996
● Customer service, technical visits, negotiation, and closing orders in the general industry, chemical, pulp & paper, and OEM markets.
Mechanical designer
Voith S/A
1985-1989
● Paper machine projects, project detailing, installation site, and layout analysis. Education:
● MBA in Project Management – FGV – RJ/PE – completed in 2012.
● MBA in Business Management – FGV – RJ/PE – concluded in 2003.
● Post-graduation in Marketing – FGV – SP – concluded in 1994.
● Business Administration Graduation – Unianchieta -SP- completed in 1989. Other Skills:
● English: Fluent
● Portuguese: Native proficiency
● Spanish: Intermediate
● SAP
● C4C
● Service Training – KSB Germany – 2014
● Sales Techniques – Mercure Training - 2013
Contact this candidate