Allan L. Smith
Coeur d’Alene, ID USA
ad9bor@r.postjobfree.com
208-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/allan-l-smith
SUMMARY
Experienced Senior-Level Project Manager & Telecom/Network Engineer with over 20 years of expertise in project management, network systems integrations, and organizational leadership. Skilled in UCaaS/CaaS Cloud systems, including CX One-NICE-InContact, Avaya VOIP, Ring Central, MS Teams, and 8X8. Proficient in Microsoft Project, SAP financial reporting, Planisware, MS Office, Visio and various telecom systems. Strong background in network configuration, troubleshooting, and call center administration. I have used Quickbooks Pro. Experience working with Carriers Like AT&T, Verizon, Lumen, and Previous DOD Secret Clearance and excels in designing and implementing Ciena Fiber Optic Transport Systems. BICSI Structured cabling and data center experience
EXPERIENCE
Project Manager
Continuum Global
April 2024 to June 2024
Managed Projects migrating newly acquired companies into the Continuum infrastructure. Managed system outages searching for the Reason for the Outage. Worked with internal stakeholders as well as vendors and resources.

Project Manager-Temp
Conquest Technologies
July 2023-October 2023
Managed Cisco Access Point Upgrade for Exelon Energy at their Power Generation Plants. Managed 3-4 Projects at a time. Reported on Tracked Equipment delivery, Resource scheduling, and Telecom infrastructure upgrades.

Project Manager Remote
PG&E Contractor via Linda Rogers Associates
March 2022 - July 2023
Managed a 21 Site Telecom WAN Backhaul Upgrade project • Created Project Schedule & Management Plan in MS Project, Planisware, PPMC & Financial Reporting with SAP• Monitored budget to ensure compliance • Created Project schedule and resource allocation. Tracked vendor material lead times. Processed Change orders and validated project scope at each site • Forecasted budget, and financial forecasting. Worked with major carriers like AT&T and Verizon.

Telecom Analyst/Project Manager Remote
Solera Holdings
April 2021 - March 2022
Managed migration to Nice CX-One InContact cloud-based UCaaS call center solution • Administered configuration and migration from Avaya VOIP & TDM PBX to Nice CX-One InContact and Ring Central • Collaborated with Salesforce and ServiceNow platforms • Managed UCaaS system Call Center and Migration. Projects using MS Project. Interfaced with Verizon and AT&T for circuit design and troubleshooting outages

Telecom Project Manager-Remote
Modis-Banfield Pet Hospitals
May/2020-April/2021
Part of a team that Project Managed the migration from Mitel TDM VOIP PBX to 8X8 UCaaS Cloud VOIP at over 1000 locations utilizing MS Project • Implemented, configured, and troubleshoot 8X8 Cloud UCaaS system. Worked with carriers like Granite, AT&T, and Verizon. Ensured successful implementation and troubleshooting

Telecom Engineer
GLOTEL, INC. Reno NV
October 2018 - May 2019
Provided project management, technical support, installation, and troubleshooting for over 100 Avaya Aura PBX • Acted as technical subject matter expert for various telecommunication systems • Supported Avaya S8700 series CM server-based PBX • Ensured efficient and professional project delivery

Telecom Engineer & Project Manager
ALLAN SMITH ASSOCIATES Coeur d'Alene, ID
May 2015 - June 2018
Designed, delivered, and managed technical support plans for 30 clients • Specialized in telecom installation services for Avaya PBX and telecom systems • Provided on-site support services for clients and their teams • Managed telecom installation projects

Telecom Engineer Remote
GLOBAL NETWORK OPERATIONS – NORTH AMERICA
January 2013 - September 2015
Delivered expert Project Management and technical support for Avaya Aura Server-based PBX Telecom Systems • Managed planning, tracking, analysis, and reporting for over 2,000 systems • Resolved support issues and system outages efficiently • Provided diagnostic support for technical issues Worked with Carriers like AT&T and Verizon to resolve network issues.

Senior Telecom Engineer & Project Manager
HP ENTERPRISE SERVICES Remote
June 2010 - September 2012
Managed Project of migrating all of the Merrill -Lynch telecom Systems World Wide to the Bank of America footprint using MS Project for tracking. Provided expert technical support for large, World-wide network using the Avaya Aura PBX Contact Center VoIP Infrastructure solutions with AES Servicers, SIP trunking and cloud-based routing for Bank of America, Configured BGP’s Communication Manager, Session Manager. Command –line, Power Shell. Ensured business continuity by partnering with Business Partners and other stakeholders to ensure accurate system support levels and coverage. Served as Production Readiness Coordinator, spearheading numerous process improvement initiatives to identify, prove, and document new systems and change management efforts.
AVISTA UTILITIES, Spokane, WA 9/2009 – 6/2010

Project Manager/Telecom Engineer
Designed structured cabling systems for Avista Utilities utilizing Leviton Cabling Certified BICSI Solutions for all new installations, renovations and system expansions for all of Avista’s properties. The largest project I designed and managed was the renovation and asbestos mitigation of the Avista 6-floor headquarters That project consisted of gutting the floor and then rebuilding all infrastructure. building including re-cabling of data center to BICSI standards. That project was a 6-year project. Due to my short time there, was only able to design 2 of the floors. I not only designed the system, but wrote the RFP to the vendors, selected the vendor and then Managed the project to its completion. I also designed the audio video systems for the conference rooms 6 per floor. I did all user training via classes and one-on-one.

Network Support Engineer Tier III Spokane Valley, WA
CIENA CORPORATION
May 2008 - May 2009
Troubleshoot, configured, and resolved issues for Ciena Carrier Ethernet switches and optical transportation equipment • Provided design and configuration with Telcos and cable television companies • Supported various network technologies including VLANs, TCP/IP, and MPLS • Collaborated with vendors and wireless backhaul providers

Senior Telecom Engineer/Project Manager Auburn, WA
MULTIMAX, INC.
January 2005 - November 2007
• Provided FAA FTI Infrastructure Project Management support • Oversaw installation, provisioning, and maintenance of LAN/WAN systems • Managed installation projects for routers, switches, and multiplexers • Supported various telecom systems and equipment

General Manager/Project Manager Coeur d'Alene, ID
COM2 Voice & Data
January 1993 - January 2005
• Managed network and telecom projects for various clients. Interfaced with local and network (AT&T, Verizon) carriers for design, configuration, and troubleshooting. Designed and implemented inside and outside plant Fiber and copper systems • Created and maintained job estimating, tracking, and ticketing spreadsheets • Led a team of 10 technicians for installations and network designs. Certified Fusion Splicer and fiber technician. Used QuickBooks Pro to manage business Financials.
EDUCATION

Electronics and Telecom Systems • US Air Force Telecom Electronics Technical School
Electronic Technology • College of Marin
WAN, SONET, Gigabit Ethernet • Ciena Corp
Avaya Call Center & ASA • Center Partners
Network System Design and Implementation • Cabletron Systems
Leadership Training • Leadership Santa Rosa Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce
Structured Cabling Design & Installation • BICSI
Software Design Engineering • Harris Digital Telephone Systems

SKILLS

Project Management
UCaaS, Caas, SaaS Cloud Systems
CX-One-NICE-InContact Contact Center Solution
Verint Call Recording
Avaya Aura
8X8
Zoom
Microsoft Project
MS-Office
Planisware Project
SmartSheets
Service Now
Jira
DM, VOIP, SIP, PBX, Telecom Systems
Call Center Administration
NOC Engineer
Carrier configuration and troubleshooting eg Verizon & A&T
Network Configuration Troubleshooting
Switch Configuration
Router Configuration
SQL Database Support
Fiber Optic Transport Systems
Quickbooks Pro
VMware Hypervisors
Contact this candidate