RESUME
Jeffrey P. Keisler
**** *** **** *****
Fort Wayne, Indiana 46815
Email: ad9bo4@r.postjobfree.com
Cell Phone: 260-***-****
OBJECTIVE: To obtain a position where I can enhance your company utilizing my 40+ years of Construction Management, Sales and Customer Experience, and my Skills in Supervision CERTIFICATIONS:
OSHA 30 Hour course
I am experienced in Word, Excel, Project, Phoenix, Bluebeam Revu, Procore, and some CAD experience I have routinely supervised up to 80 workers in various trades on a job site EDUCATION:
1974 - IVY Tech, Fort Wayne Campus
Architectural Drawing
1974 -1976 Indiana-Purdue, Fort Wayne campus
General Business Studies, Route Surveying, Quantity Take-off and Estimating EMPLOYMENT:
March 2022 – Present: BHI, Inc, dba Towne House Retirement Community, a “continuing care” facility in Fort Wayne, IN. Hired as the Director of Environmental Services. My duties include oversight of general maintenance, grounds, transportation, and Housekeeping, for a 600,000 square foot facility. Additionally managing budgets, arranging contractors for fire suppression, water chillers, boilers, and apartment renovations. Oversight of Regulatory Compliance and annual inspections by the state of Indiana via Life- Safety surveys. In addition, I oversee a sister community in SW Fort Wayne, Prairie Landing, and I am involved in additional residential construction alongside Shawnee Construction and Engineering in Fort Wayne, IN.
In my two years here, I have implemented the hiring of a fully accredited Journeyman Plumber and HVAC technician and completed our Life-Safety Survey in 2023 with zero deficiencies. September 2020 – March 2022: Shawnee Construction and Engineering, Fort Wayne, IN. Hired as a Superintendent to primarily build a 12,000 square foot Clubhouse for an active adult community in SW Fort Wayne, BHI, Inc. dba Prairie Landing. Included in the project was an indoor pool, locker rooms, laundry, kitchen, Dining, Fitness area, staff offices and a large multipurpose room. During this, we addressed supply chain issues, sporadic labor issues at times (covid). Additionally, I ran a small warehouse addition to a local supply company, a tear down and re-build of Northside High School’s Women’s Softball Stadium, a Menards Garden Area expansion, and after that a Menards Mezzanine Project. July 2020 – September 2020: RCS Construction located in Celina, Ohio. Hired as a Project Manager and Estimator and some Field Supervision. I bought out about $2 million in materials for two “Aging in Place” projects in Saint Marys, OH, and also Piqua, OH. This was a short, temporary assignment.
June 2019 – May 2020: Michael Kinder & Sons Construction, Fort Wayne, IN Hired as Construction Manager for a $6 million project in South Bend, IN. Also completed a commercial kitchen at Manchester University, N. Manchester, IN. Also directed work for a new Track and Football Stadium, again at Manchester University. I was furloughed at the end of April due to the Covid19 issue. September 2017 – June 2019: JICI Construction, Angola, IN Hired as a Project Manager and performed Project Management duties as well as On Site, PM for several projects including All Paws and Claws Veterinary Clinic, Reiner’s Residence Hall at Trine University, and Wingate Hotel in Angola which was a 4-story wood frame building with two elevators, 99 guestrooms. The project took 9 months and 3 weeks from ground-breaking to ribbon cutting and our first guests. March 2017 – September 2017: Smith Projects, Maxwell, IN Project Manager/Estimator. Performed project management duties along with estimating for GC projects, Concrete foundations and floors, site concrete, asphalt estimating, cut and fill for site work. May 2011-March 2017: Buffalo Construction, Inc., Louisville, KY Project Manager, Superintendent:
Managed two Walmart Fueling Centers in Houston, Panera Bread Commissary in West Chester, OH, Tractor Supply retrofits in Coeur d’Alene, ID, Cocoa, FL. As Superintendent, I supervised construction of a Tractor Supply retail store in Scottsboro, AL, a ground-up Olive Garden Restaurant, including demolition of an existing building, in Richmond, IN, Pei Wei Asian Diner in Annapolis, MD, and ground-up construction of a LongHorn Steakhouse in Buffalo, NY in 16-1/2 weeks to turnover and C of O, a Mellow Mushroom retrofit in a Historic part of Richmond, VA, a Tractor Supply retrofit in Globe AZ, Tractor Supply retrofit in Connersville, IN, a Ground-up Valvoline Instant Oil Change in Shepherdsville, KY, 5 Oil Change locations re-branded to Valvoline, a ground up Bubba’s 33 in Fishers, IN – this was a prototype restaurant owned by Texas Roadhouse. My duties include daily management of a sub-contracted workforce, communication with our office, owner representatives, and local authorities and utilities, and maintaining positive relationships with developers and owners. My turnovers to Operations Staff are smooth and positive with full focus on customer service and attention. February 2011-May 2011: Utilicomm South, Fort Wayne, IN Technician/Installer
April 2010 – February 2011: Hewes Concrete Construction, Inc. Fort Wayne, IN. Project Manager and Safety Director. I implemented our formal safety program including the education of the work force.
I supervised the foundations and site concrete for a Student Housing project at Asbury Seminary in Wilmore, Kentucky. Foundations for 26 buildings consisting of 19,000 lineal feet of footings and 4’ stem walls, and additionally, porches, concrete stairways, and sidewalks. I supervised a diverse work force of up to 24 workers. At my direction, we trained local hires for the tasks required and overcame a substantial language barrier in the process. Additionally, I coordinated our work in conjunction with the Site Contractor and the Site Engineer. I represented our company at weekly contractor meetings. This was a $1,900,000 project.
I supervised the site concrete for Park Place Assisted Living Facility in Fort Wayne, Indiana. I coordinated the work between our work force and the General Contractor, and the Site and Paving Contractors. Our scopes of work included foundation, courtyards, public walkways, some concrete paving, retention pond weirs, and direction of the curbing contractor. I represented our company at weekly contractor meetings. This was a $1,300,000 project.
July 2009 – March 2010: Utilicomm South, Technician/Installer I worked for a sub-contractor to Comcast.
I obtained third party Certification for phone, internet, and video installations I dealt daily with customers and their concerns. I explained policies and procedures to customers. October 2008 – August 2009: Highland Investments of Dalton, LLC Construction Manager for North Central Indiana Territory, and was in charge of complete construction and buy-out of Sonic Drive-Ins for the Owner/Contractor. Complete construction from permitting to turnover including: Liaison between Owner, Architect, Franchisor, and Municipalities All site work from Storm and Sanitary sewers to paving and landscaping Construction of stores including Food Service installation, Security Systems, POS Responsible for preparing the schedule and meeting deadlines and budgets Provided valuable input to Owner regarding site design, material selection for future stores Continued involvement with Director of Operations during startup and opening The coordination and direction of up to 50 workers at a job site. October 2004- October 2008: Lawrence Building Corporation, Fort Wayne, IN Hired as a Project Superintendent
In charge of complete construction and buy-out of projects up to $1,500,000, including Store front remodels in Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan for a banking customer Fast Food store construction including Wendy’s, Sonic, and Popeye’s Kroger store renovation in Mooresville, Indiana
Construction of multiple new fueling centers for a range of Oil Companies including Marathon, Speedway, Murphy USA, and Kroger
Complete control of construction from permitting to turnover The company had a seasonal peak employment of up to 90 workers. The work force at our many sites would change weekly due to changing skills required. 1976 - 2004: Owner and General Manager of Three Rivers Construction, Inc. Duties included sales, office management, field supervision, human resources, direct involvement in architectural design, coordination with project owners, State and Local Authorities, architects, subcontractors, banking, and finance.
The company was founded as an artisan contracting company involved in the framing of new homes, and light commercial buildings (wood frame and pre-engineered steel) and installation of interior trim and casework. The company evolved into a turn-key home building company, working primarily with custom, pre-sold, individual clients. The company added the construction of light commercial, including wood frame office buildings, pre-engineered steel buildings and commercial remodeling. Project values ranged up to
$1,000,000
References and Project List to be furnished upon Request 7-28-2024
Contact this candidate