Contact
ad9b5l@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/les-orr-
b566aa199 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Change Management
Critical Thinking
Written Communication
Les Orr
Project Manager at Design Systems Canada, Ltd.
Windsor, Ontario, Canada
Experience
Design Systems Canada Ltd.
Sr. Project Manager
August 2017 - Present (7 years 3 months)
Working in a lead role in a construction environment engineering, design, and construction
Evaluation of equipment
Preventative maintenance planning
Manage equipment repairs and replacements
Create quotes and maintain required budgets and PO’s. Championed all weekly project update meetings with contractors. Manage contractors on and off construction site.
Provide leadership for each project and ensure customer quality was maintained
Provided all project closeout documents.
Automation paint/process engineering.
Sizing, design, layout and flow calculation for process equipment pumps and piping, supply, and exhaust ductwork
Develop cost estimates for equipment and engineering. Bid Document Development
Document control
3D interior structural scanning
Projects managed Ford, FCA, GM, Toyota
Design Systems Canada, Ltd.
Project Manager
August 2016 - Present (8 years 3 months)
Hyundai (HMMA)
Senior Production / Paint Manager
January 2009 - December 2017 (9 years)
Responsible for maintaining optimum performance and quality throughput. Ensures compliance with all regulatory requirements including Occupational Health and Safety
Set production and quality goals for salaried and hourly team members. Page 1 of 3
Managed budgets and forecasts monthly, quarterly, and annually Monitor operational management systems with a continuous improvement mind set, looking at processes and applying best practices. Maintain material and labor and budgets.
Continuating of hiring, training, and coaches all staff, conducting formal and informal performance reviews.
Increase productivity achievements.
Monitor daily, weekly, and monthly KPI’s.
Provide monthly continuous improvement plans to executives. Identify opportunities for improvement and recognition of Supervisors and team members.
Works with Supervisors to ensure internal and external customers’ needs are being met and exceeded.
Reviews, modifies, and implements processes and SOP’s. Prepares weekly production schedules and ensures material is available. Collaborates with all team members during daily meetings and provide direction.
Ventra Plastics Flex N Gate
Continuous Improvement Robotic/Automation Manager
January 1998 - December 2009 (12 years)
Responsible for process and quality improvements to achieve the highest standards.
Directed to underachieving plants worldwide, reporting directly to the VP by implementing process changes ensuring company goals were achieved and sustained.
Significant performance improvements, cost savings and quality improvements were achieved for all assigned locations.
Led functional teams accountable for productivity increases installations. Managed and negotiated commercial contracts, pricing proposals, and professional services for new equipment.
Facilitated training as required to improve site performance including defect analysis, quality reporting, performance improvements and coaching practices. Implemented best practices to ensure sustainability Led union and non-union team members.
Ensure all customer satisfaction is achieved or exceeded. PaintPlas Inc.
Paint Department Supervisor
January 1988 - December 1998 (11 years)
Page 2 of 3
Responsible for daily quality and production
Led the functional teams that were accountable for line speed increases and new equipment installations.
Effectively set up and trained defect analysis and quality reporting Increased in overall performances.
Setup robot training and coaching practices for many robot technicians for improvements for cost saving, quality, and performance Implemented best practices for industry standards. Education
Durham College
Durham College of Applied Arts and Technology
Bachelor, Automation / Mechatronics
Page 3 of 3
Contact this candidate