NATIONALITY: Lebanese

LANGUAGES: French, English and Arabic (Native Language)

EDUCATION:

**** ********** ********
Mechanical and Aerotechnical Engineering
Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Mécanique et d’Aérotechnique (ENSMA) de Poitiers.
Poitiers, France.

1980 Bachelor of Science
Maîtrise de Mécanique.
Université de Poitiers.
Poitiers, France.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Totalling more than 33 years of experience in design, supervision and Execution in Electro-Mechanical Engineering.

Certified Project Manager, since 1993, by the Lebanese Council for Development and Reconstruction (C.D.R.).

Company: SETCO Lebanon

Main duties: January 2016 to February 2017
Project Manager
Project: Hydro-Agricultural development of South Lebanon, Irrigation and water supply scheme, conveyor 800.

Project Manager from SETCO (Subcontractor for the execution of Electro-Mechanical works ) for the above mentioned project (Main Contractor JV M.A.Kharafi & Sons/Veziroglu Co./Guris Co.) and under Supervision of Lahmeyer International GmbH, H.P. Gauff ingenieure GmbH &Co.KG and Dar Al Handassah-Shair & Partners
Duties includes : Management of Administrative and technical issues, coordination with the main contractor and subcontractors for other trades, coordination with the Engineer .

Company: SBG(SAUDI BINLADIN GROUP) Jeddah-KSA

Main duties: November 2011 to December 2016
Principal Mechanical Engineer
Project: KAIA (New king Abdulaziz International Airport
Development Project –Jeddah-KSA)

Principal Mechanical Engineer (Head of the Mechanical Department inside the Technical Office 421 to deal with all Mechanical activities Plumbing-HVAC-fire fighting –SAS special Airport system for all buildings related to the project .
Duties includes : control and approval of Shop drawings prepared by the Subcontractor, material submittals,release of mechanical clearance for all civil work on site, technical support for team on site, relation with the designer ATKINS by reviewing the design drawings and issuing the necessary RFI –request for information-proposed alternative solution critical issues, daily Contact with the Consultant dar al-handasah in order to solve pending issues and to expedite works on site .

Company: Lambert Electromec-Nigeria-Lagos

Main duties: July 2011 to October 2011
Operations Manager

Company: Arabian Construction Company

Main duties: May 2007 to May July 2011
Senior Electro-Mechanical Engineer
Main Duties :Senior Electro- Mechanical engineer (Head of Electro- Mechanical Department For the project –Tower P11A -At The PEARL project in Qatar).
Duties and Responsibilities Include:
1-Control,execution and Management of all electro-mechanical activities related to the project, including :Control of drawings-preparation of shop drawings-value engineering submittals- purchase order and delivery of material on site-planning-coordination with other trades and subcontractors-claims-additional work.
2- Preparation of weekly and monthly reports regarding the performance of subcontractor especially for Preparation of shop drawings-Preparation of material submittals –Progress of work-progress of activities on site-performance of staff and execution teams-
3-Recovery program (Preparation –implementation and follow Up)
4-Good relation with engineer and client, engage in social contacts and public relations to the benefit of the Company
5-Maintains copies of all planning, project correspondence, invoices, material transfer documents, etc. in the filing cabinet for review as necessary.
6- Check with finance and administration personnel the monthly invoices and expenses.

7-Check subcontractor invoices received from Finance and Administration manager and approve them if correct..
8-Ensure that the subcontracting companies provide a good level of service
9- Properly coordinate activities on the project between different trades and departments
10- Validate contractual options, whether technical, financial or time related.
11- approve all engagements of the project
12- Validate contractual options, whether technical, financial or time related.

Company: Contracting and Trading Company (K.S.A.)

Main duties: March 2006 to April 2007
Senior Mechanical Project Coordinator.

Rabigh Development Project . The project includes the design,procurement and construction of a new ethane pipeline and a new butane pipeline from Yanbu plant to Rabigh refinery,including

18”,215 kms. new Ethane pipeline
6”,215 Kms. New Butane pipeline
Connecting pipes at Yanbu plant and works inside the plant
Connecting pipes at Rabigh Refinery and works inside the refinery
9 valves stations and new 4 burn pits
More than 2 000 000 M3 rock to be blasted and removed.

-Technical Coordination between the engineering office subcontractor and the team working on site
-Technical Coordination with other contractors working within the same area
- Daily contact with the client to review status of coordination (Interface query-Project query and Technical query)
- Preparation and follow up of Interface query-Project query and Technical query
- Attend the weekly meetings with the client to review all outstanding issues relating to the Project.

Company: SETELCOM (Egypt)

Main duties: March 2005 to September 2005.
Projects Manager

Duties and responsibilities include:

- Daily contact with the client to review past operations and plan future work.
- Liaison with client finances department to minimise commercial and technical disputes and problems
- Direct supervision of finance / administration, technical, maintenance, human resources, safety, quality and training managers, including organisation of daily and weekly meetings and briefings
- Supervising the correct organisation of all international and local logistics issues,
Regular meetings with Finance / Administration Manager .
- Supervise planning and implementation of the crew change schedule for the personnel in collaboration with the operational managers under his authority.
- Approve the summaries of the personnel time sheet at the end of each month.
- Maintains copies of all planning, project correspondence, invoices, material transfer documents, etc. in the filing cabinet for review as necessary.
- Check with finance and administration personnel the monthly invoices and expenses.
- Check subcontractor invoices received from Finance and Administration manager and approve them if correct..
-Ensure that the subcontracting companies provide a good level of service and be in regular contact with their representatives to ensure a smooth operation.
- Keep the personnel files and databases updated and filed in an organised manner.
- Check expense reimbursements for personnel.
- Attend the monthly meetings with the client to review all outstanding issues relating to the operations

Company: The Lebanese Council for Development and Reconstruction (CDR)
(World Bank funding)

Main duties: October 2002 to October 2004.
Senior Sanitary Engineer to assist the Baalbeck/Hermel Water and Irrigation Authority (BHWIA)

Duties and responsibilities include:

Handle all engineering/technical aspects of the development and investment programs,
Specify service levels and standards,
In depth analysis of contractors work
Supervise all procurement activities,
Train BHWIA Technical staff,
Technical and Operational Supervision of service contracts
Manage the handing over of commissioned works
Prepare regular reports on various technical issues

Company: ZUBLIN contracting

Main duties: Apr. 1999 – 31/3/2002
Senior Mechanical Project Coordinator:
In charge of coordinating the Architectural,
Electrical, and Civil Engineering works for the
Lebanese University Campus in Hadath, Beirut.

Duties and responsibilities include:

Design Control of drawings, calculations, notes, submitted by the subcontractor,
Material Control Comparison sheet between specifications & submitted product.
Preparations of site modifications sheets
On Site Control/Supervision of the execution of Plumbing, HVAC &Fire Fighting works
Subcontractor Drawings Control

Company: DAR AL-HANDASAH
Nazih Taleb & Partners

Main duties: 1982 - Feb. 1999
Project Manager:
Design and Supervision of the following Projects:

1.C.D.R.’s Emergency Works for Ain Ed-Delbeh Water Supply.(1995-1999),Total amount of executed works 15 m US$. This Project included:

Design and Supervision of the Rehabilitation of JAMHOUR Station for Pumping and Per chlorination,(500 000US$),Complete design of M & E Works, installation of data loggers units,complete automation of the station (Functioning and control)

Design and Supervision of the Rehabilitation of DAICHOUNIEH Water Treatment Plant (3m US$), complete design of M & E Works, complete automation of the station, Functioning and control of Inlet flow, Residual chlorine analyser flow of pumps in coordination with the capacity of Hazmieh Filtration plant” (2000 m3 /hr)

Design and Supervision of the Rehabilitation of HAZMIEH Water Treatment Plant.( 2 000 US$) complete design of M & E Works and complete automation of the station functioning and control

Rehabilitation of the Jamhour - Ain Ed-Delbeh Pipeline. (5m US$) New DESIGN concerning 17 kms of pipeline with all hydraulic accessories wash out stations and relief air valve stations.

Design of Capture at DAICHOUNIEH springs and Pipeline connection to DAICHOUNIEH Water Treatment Plant. (4.5mUS$) Complete design for a new capture and a new pipeline.

2. Control of Design and Supervision of the DBAYEH Water Treatment Plant Extension C.D.R.(1992-1995) (5m US$), control of design prepared by E.M.I.T. ( the contractor), coordination with Beirut water works authorities and complete supervision of works including the execution of 40 new rapid sand filters new decantation unit & new chlorinating unit (Capacity of the new filtration units 250 000 m3/day and capacity of the decantation unit is 70 000 m3/day)

3. Control of Design and Supervision of the AMROUSSIEH Waste Incineration Plant. (C.D.R.)
(1983 – 1986) (Total cost of the project 20 m US$)(Capacity 250 T per day)

4. Rehabilitation of Public Gardens ( Upgrading of Beirut Public Services).Complete design of electrical and mechanical works ( HVAC,Plumbing Lighting and power distribution) 1989

5. Electro-Mechanical Works for AUB’s Jafet Library and Bliss Hall : Complete Electro mechanical design including Power distribution, lighting, heating, air-conditioning and sanitary layout.(1990-1991)

6. Design of AMCHIT Bitumen Station (1985) including:
Transport and Manipulation Systems for Bitumen delivery
Direct Intake System from Tankers.
7. Design of a Pumping Station and Water Main-line from the Bared dam to Tripoli.(1984)

8.Pumping Station with a Sewage Line and its conveyance to Jounieh main Sewage Network.(1995)

9.Design of Electro-Mechanical Works for a 1600 housing units Project in Algeria.(1983-1984)

10.Design of Mechanical Works of Tripoli hospital (300 beds), (1989-1991) Including Plumbing HVAC works.

11. Solid Waste Environmental Management Program (SWEMP, 1998). The Project consisted in the implementation of suitable equipment and facilities for collection, transport and land-filling for a solid waste management in south Lebanon .Design of Mechanical installations, utilities and transfer stations in landfill.

Company: BUTEC ENGINEERING

Main duties: 1981 - 1982

Field Engineer
Installation of mechanical equipment for a sewing factory in Mosul, Iraq.

The Project consisted in the installation of:

Two AQUAFRILLARs (1 620 Mcal/h each)
Cooling towers
Fifteen CLIMACIATs air handling units
Complete Fire Fighting System
Vacuum System
Compressed Air System: 555 m3/ h, at 7 bars.
A 170 K.V.A. Alsthom Generator
A 1250 K.V.A. Transformer.

PERSONAL DATA
Mailing address : Mr. Walid CHEHADE
Mazraa, Zreik St., Nasser Bldg.
Beirut- Lebanon

Date and Place of Birth: 22-4-1957 Beirut, Lebanon

Marital Status : Married, two children.

Other Occupations : Professor and Supervisor at the Lebanese Faculty of Engineering.(From 1983 to 1996)
Contact this candidate