KAISER JAYAKODY
MBA, PgMP®, PMP®, Prosci Change Practitioner (ADKAR®), CSPO®, ITIL® v3
647-***-**** ad9b3s@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/kaiserj/

SUMMARY
A senior leader with 24 years of leadership and Organisational Change Management experience with Secret II and Enhanced Reliability Clearance in Canada. Acclaimed as one of the very few Program Management Professionals in the world in addition to being a Prosci Certified Change Manager. Agile and dev-ops management experience on large-scale enterprise programs affecting multiple lines of business, functional areas, technologies, infrastructures, applications and systems implementation. Experience in organisational change management in regulated industries of telecom and capital markets across geographies (US/Canada, Europe, APAC). Managed multiple (>60) coordinated projects simultaneously, as part of a multiyear portfolio, with speciality in practical general management and organisational change (transformation) management, impacting people, process and technology management using ADKAR.

Had the privilege of engaging, collaboration and liaising at multiple levels of customer organizations and internal teams. Have acquired the communication skills and the attention to detail that is needed to deliver program and unit update presentations & reporting to the C-level staff. Have deftness in Strategic planning from vision clarity to execution & control. Have extensive experience working independently and to engage, influence, prioritize at all levels of the organization internally and externally backed by reality and data. Have a flair for budget accuracy in financial planning, workforce planning and utilization. Have done implementation of ERP (SAP) for enterprise across legal entities. Controlling the project overruns and deviations in scope, time and cost using earned value management techniques and risk/issues/crisis management techniques. Ensure the strategic and tactical alignment of requirements, activities, plans & policies for the projects & programs. Have created 2 greenfield PDO/PMOs’ and 1 brownfield PDO/PMO. Owning, Initiating, executing, conducting, quality controlling and closing projects. Presided over the governance forums of programs, projects (steering groups and change control boards) and vendor delivery (business review against the SOW). Be the escalation point for issues and conflicts while handling complex changes and collisions. Exposed to working in a consensus culture for problem solving and negotiation.

Have expert knowledge in managing innovators, disruptors, early adopters, pragmatic adopters and lagers. Managed multiple workforce realignment, remapping of business units for maximising value flow optimization in close alignment with market areas, legal, compliance, human resource, labor relations and employee unions. This includes effectively managing resources (technical & business) (recruit, allocate and resources leveling), scope, cost, schedule, risk, issues, quality and acceptance of deliverables. Well versed with onboarding and performance management, using SMART goals for individuals and balance score card for teams, while ensuring constant alignment towards operational efficiencies.

CORE SKILLS & COMPETENCIES
Program, Process, Product, & Project Management
Organisational Change Management
PDO/PMO & Cross-Functional Team Leadership
Transformational Excellence & Process Optimization
Team Development, Empowerment & Training
New Product & Service Introductions
Implementation & Deployment Services
Supply Chain, Procurement &Vendor Management
Requirements Gathering & Feasibility Analysis
Resource Optimization & Cost Control

EDUCATION
MBA in Human Resources & Marketing - Sikkim Manipal University – 2007
o(Canadian Equivalency to a Masters’ Degree, as per ICES)
Aircraft Maintenance Engineering - Hindustan Institute of Engineering Technology - 1998

CERTIFICATION
Program Management Professional (PgMP®) - (#1475573)
Project Management Professional (PMP®) - (#1403545)
SAP Agile Project Delivery with Focused Build for SAP Solution Manager
(https://open.sap.com/verify/xunab-gaboz-nizop-kuhym-fetac)
Prosci Certified Change Practitioner (ADKAR®)
Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO®) - (#000379220)
ITIL® v3 Certified

SECURITY CLEARANCE – Secret II and Enhanced Reliability Clearance in Canada

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Partner, Director Consulting Services
CGI Aug 2019 to present
Be the trusted advisor for Federal clients such as Public Services Procurement Canada, House of Commons, Employment and Social Development Canada in the ERP (SAP) and Emerging Technology Space (RPA).
Experienced in NPMS Federal and Treasury Board project management standards.
Representing the Practice in the Global CGI SAP Platform.
Ensuring value for the Client by Proper Planning, Governance, Gap Identification, Value Proposition, Benefits Delivery, Value of customization, Risk & Compliance Management, Organisational Change Management and leveraging in the Intelligence from the eco system (In house, Industry and Data).
Advice Client on use of System Integrator(s), Captive Teams, and Managed Services from CGI on the ERP journey.
Safeguarding the Client and Partner teams from Scope-creep using Design Authority and Governance.
Ensuring delivery excellence using a robust team about 100 SAP Experts (Employees, Partner teams, Sub-contractors, all physically located in Canada).
Delivering Executive Insights, collecting Voice of Customer, growing the Relationship.
Be the Opportunity Pursuit leader for RFI, RFP responses with the help of Business operations and Marketing team in the Practice.
oTake an initiative though, opportunity analysis, bid winning strategy, solution strategy, solution estimation & verification, funding, compliance and regulatory audit, proposal documentation, legal audit, executive approval, proposal, RRR (Review and Refine Requirements), modifications, negotiations, final approval, and contract signing.
Be the Customer fulfillment responsible from post-sales to delivery and closure.
Work with contracts team to safeguard the interest of the clients and CGI.

Assignments
Employment and Social Development Canada – Benefits Delivery Modernisation Apr 2023 to present.
Monitored project execution (6 B CAD) using multiple methodologies in a multi-vendor collaborative competition environment.
Controlled Cost over runs by improving documentation to reduce delivery ambiguity.
Run Governance meetings (Directors, Managers, Subject Mater Experts, Project Resources), managed risks to avoid delays or reputational damage, documented and worked on issues to its resolution to account level for business and information needs and following change management best practices when required.
Managed multiple streams of projects including Benefits, Contact Center Services, workload management and work force management.

Shared Services Canada – ITSM Sep 2022 to Mar 2023
Advisor to the Director General for the implementation of BMC remedy for information Technology Service management needs of the various departments of the Government of Canada.

Shared Services Canada – NextGen HR Sep 2022 to Mar 2023
Advisor to the DG (Director General) for the replacement of the Phoenix Payroll System with the selection of the vendor platforms for the HRIS. The platforms assessed and integration initiated are SAP HCM and Dayforce

Public Services and Procurement Canada – RPA Feb 2021 to Mar 2023
Monitored project execution (Phase 2 - 1.3 MCAD) using Agile Methodology (Scrum). Actively involved in monitoring project implementation plan (including estimates of time, cost, and scope), changes/adjustments to plan, delivery quality, governance, and processes.
Controlled Cost over runs by improving documentation to reduce delivery ambiguity.
Liaised with client and built strong working relationships with Business on their IT needs:
Run Governance meetings (Directors, Managers, Subject Mater Experts, Project Resources), managed risks to avoid delays or reputational damage, documented and worked on issues to its resolution to account level for business and information needs and following change management best practices when required.
oCreated and delivered presentations on updates to the Business leadership, Steering committee, IT Managers and Directors of the value creation.
Used Microsoft Project, to track, monitor and communicate information and status:
oUsing those tools, defined, documented, and maintained plans, determined budgetary requirements, the composition, roles and responsibilities and terms of reference for resources.
Worked with the Business analyst to develop and document requirements for automation of Manual process and re-designed the business process flows. After the analysis, the business analyst documented the recommendation of what interfaces should automated to gain the most efficiency.
Identified sponsors, stakeholders, and risk and drove / conducted governance meetings and schedule Reports on the Financial and Schedule health of the project.
Managed Project resources across Development, Configuration, Coding, Security, Business analyst and Project Management Resources following current project management practices and trends:
oMoved the code across Dev, Test, UAT and Production environments using Agile development practices and trends.
oProject Resources include, Business Analyst, Automation Developers, Q/A Testers, Infrastructure specialist, Automation Architect and Scrum Master
Worked with the Change Manager with PSPC to support in all the collateral and material needed for their OCM plan.
oParticipated in analysis on the impact of the organizational changes on the employees, change management activities and their progress in adapting to meet the defined objectives and aided the change manager to achieve defined ‘critical success factors’ of the Change as per plan.
Experienced in NPMS Federal and Treasury Board project management standards, and
Used Microsoft Project, JIRA, Confluence, Bit-Bucket, GC Docs, HP-ALM among other tools to track and communicate information and status.

Public Services and Procurement Canada – SAP Aug 2019 to Mar 2023
Advisor to the DG (Director General) and ED (Executive Director) for the Process Governance and Business Process Mapping to the ERP System
Executing SAP ECC 6.0 to SAP S/4 HANA (FM, SD, PM, MM, PS, RE-FX, BPC, BI/BW, HCM) greenfield upgrade project (yearly Federal spend is 168 MCAD across departments)
oImplemented SAP Solution Manager 7.3
Electronic Payment System modernisation project, integrating SAP Ariba, SAP Fieldglass and SAP-ERP modules (15MCAD)
Executed translation services ERP integration (13.65 MCAD)
Experienced in NPMS Federal and Treasury Board project management standards.
Equally comfortable on accelerated SAP and SAP activate though not certified.
Developed strategy roadmap. actively involved in creating project plan, change plan, governance, and processes after using PCT assessment
Used Microsoft Project, CA Clarity, SAP Project Systems, GC Docs, Open text, Share-point, HP-ALM, Jira, Confluence among other tools to track and communicate information and status
Identify sponsors, stakeholders & risk and map the strategy for organizational readiness and drive steering committee meetings.
Developed and executed on integrated change management strategies, evaluated change and developed a business and organisational impact assessment to determine the unique impact of change on both internal and external stakeholders using ADKAR.

House of Commons – ERP Jan 2022 to June 2022
Advising the Director of a newly formed Product team
Assisting the House in Identifying the Expense management system Lifecycle Management and Modernization.
oSetup standards for Requirements Elaboration, Scope control, Delivery Velocity
Setup Agile rituals of Backlog Grooming, Daily Stand-up, Sprint planning, Code review, Demo and Retrospective.
Improved documentation standards to reduce delivery ambiguity.
Be the advisor in sizing the Epics, Features, Product Backlog Items, Tasks and Bugs
oSetup workflows in Azure dev-ops (ADO)
oSetup ADO Reports as per the need of the Client
oUsing those tools, defined, documented, and maintained work plans, determined budgetary requirements, the composition, roles and responsibilities and terms of reference for resources.
Worked with the Business analyst to develop and document requirements for all expense related process. After the analysis, the business analyst documented the current state and future state.
Managed Project resources across Development, Configuration, Coding, Security and Business analyst
oMoved the code across Dev, Dev-Test, Prod-Test and Production environments using Agile development practices and trends.
Used Microsoft SharePoint, Teams Server among other tools to track and communicate information and status.

Employment and Social Development Canada – Old Age Pension Nov 2021 to Jan 2022
Monitored project execution (Benefits Delivery Modernisation - Old Age Pension - 10 MCAD) using Agile Methodology (Scrum). Setup Agile rituals of Backlog Grooming, Daily Stand-up, Sprint planning, Code review, Demo and Retrospective.
Improved documentation standards to reduce delivery ambiguity.
Be the advisor in Sizing the Epics, Features, Product Backlog Items, Tasks and Bugs
oSetup workflows in Azure dev-ops (ADO)
oSetup ADO Reports as per the need of the Client
oUsing those tools, defined, documented, and maintained work plans, determined budgetary requirements, the composition, roles and responsibilities and terms of reference for resources.
Worked with the Business analyst to develop and document requirements for automation of manual process and re-designed the business process flows. After the analysis, the business analyst documented the recommendation of what interfaces should automated to gain the most efficiency.
Managed Project resources across Development, Configuration, Coding, Security and Business analyst
oMoved the code across Dev, Dev-Test, Prod-Test and Production environments using Agile development practices and trends.
Used Microsoft SharePoint, Teams Server, Bit-Bucket, GC Docs among other tools to track and communicate information and status.

Integration Product Manager (Contract) May 2019 – Aug 2019
Sterling Backcheck
As an advisor to the Director professional services, worked on integrating HRMS/HCM systems ATS for screening services for key revenue accounts (over 1M CAD)
oSystems integrated are Success Factors, iCIMS, Workday & Taleo to mention a few.
Modernize data flow, orchestrate, and refactor the integration and webservices to HR-XML standards.
Worked on major customer at risk engagements resulting recovering the relationship.
Developed strategy roadmap, created project plan, change plan, governance, and processes after using PCT assessment.
Used Microsoft Project, Trello, Atlassian Jira, Confluence among other tools to track and communicate information and status.
Identify sponsors, stakeholders & risk and map the strategy for organizational readiness and drive steering committee meetings.
Developed and executed on integrated change management strategies, evaluated change, and developed a business and organisational impact assessment to determine the unique impact of change on both internal and external stakeholders using ADKAR.

Business Project Manager (Contract) Sept 2018 – April 2019
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board
Advisor for the Director, Business Services and working for the Managing Director, I have created PDO/PMO for transformation programs on (robotic) business process automation and modernization ($3.5M CAD)
Identify & automate repeatable business processes that are spread across the applications landscapes of SimCorp, Yardi, Investran, Ticketing, WSO, SWIFT, Capital Markets & Treasury Solutions, Murex, Abacus and Data Management Systems
Modernize data flow, orchestrate, and refactor schedule and event-based automation.
Developed strategy roadmap, created project plan, change plan, governance, and processes after using PCT assessment.
Used Microsoft Project, Planview, Atlassian Jira, Confluence among other tools to track and communicate information and status.
Identify sponsors, stakeholders & risk and map the strategy for organizational readiness and drive steering committee meetings.
Developed and executed on integrated change management strategies, evaluated change and developed a business and organisational impact assessment to determine the unique impact of change on both internal and external stakeholders using ADKAR.
Apply a structured change management approach and methodology for the changes impacting employees and customers.
Developed a set of actionable and targeted change management plans including change and stakeholder assessments, communication plan, leadership alignment plan, readiness and sustainment plan, and change metrics and executed on the tactical details of each plan.
Supported the communication, training and engagement efforts of employee-facing managers and business leaders.
Identified potential people-side risks, anticipated points of resistance and develop specific plans to mitigate or address the concerns.
Liaised with LOB to create and manage measurement systems to track adoption, utilization, proficiency of individual changes.
Created change management plan to mitigate, anticipated resistance, address group unique attributes and historical barriers while leveraging on key influencers.

Sr. Program/ Product Manager (Business & R&D)
Ericsson Canada May 2014 – Sept 2018
PDO/PMO responsible for $200M CAD CAPEX and $30M CAD OPEX budget
Program & Area financials, forecasting, and reconciliation
Managed end-to-end agile product development pertaining to platform and services within global information technology and telecom (ICT) centres with dev-ops implementation as part of the control team.
Driver for SAP (MM. PS, FICO & HCM Modules) for multi-market implementation (M&A/Divestiture Business and ERP)
Product owner of Ericsson’s management platform and connectivity solutions, overseeing 40 globally distributed teams of 20 Members each and 5 Project controllers as part of PDO/PMO
Have used both Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Used Microsoft Project, Visio, Office, SAP Project system for resourcing and ICRRB in addition to standard tools.
Have used data analytics to identify & establish key metrics to evaluate & monitor partners, as well as product quality, reliability, and adoption.
Managed the services of identity and access management, monitoring, vulnerability management and other essential services to test centers.
Project initiation, investment decision & funding optimization methodologies in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities
Balance technology investments, resource needs and market demand, to plan and approve the feasibility of projects. Proposal review, detail reports and findings to the investment counsel
Coordinate Multiple projects, making detailed plans and directing the integration of technical test builds.
Driver and change champion for consolidation of test centers across the globe, performed PCT assessments every quarter.
Liaising with Country and Business leaders to identify change resistance, legal restrictions, resource overlaps before creating change strategy.
Formulated risk response strategies, socialize the change, coaching & training learning & competence development team to enable the change adoption.
Apply a structured change management approach and methodology for the changes impacting employees and customers using ADKAR.
Supported the communication, training and engagement efforts of employee-facing managers and business leaders.
Created and managed measurement systems to track adoption, utilization, proficiency of individual changes using ADKAR.
Managed vendors/suppliers such as Dell, HP, Juniper, NetApp, Cisco, Extreme Networks, TCS, IBM, Red Hat to mention a few.
SPOC for North America towards delivery out of Ericsson India

Senior Project/ Program Manager / CIO Ext. Leadership Team
Ericsson Dec 2011 – May 2014
Global rollout of COTS Products & delivery ($50M USD)
Onboarding 700+ resources for Ericsson India ($70M USD)
Change champion and transformation leader (people, process, and technology) in the central corporate office.
Develop, manage, and implement change management communication strategies based on situational awareness of the details of the change and the group being impacted by the change.
Global corporate alignment driver for the CIO office for 173 Countries
Established the Business Program Management Practice, to boost speed and enhance flexibility across the delivery life cycle.
Analyze current state, present, and explain proposals, reports, and findings to executive leadership.
Develop, manage, and execute on program change management components i.e. change management strategy and plan, stakeholder impact assessment using PCT and stakeholder engagement activities using ADKAR, communication, and training plans etc.
Identify key milestones required for the Change Management workstream and incorporate into integrated project plan.
Provide SME expertise for Change Management and recommendations on how best to proceed.
Had created a green-field PDO/PMO team of 130 including Business Program Managers, end-to-end Business Project Managers, Project Expediters and PDO/PMO Business Analysts
Had used tools like Microsoft Project, Visio, Office, and other software development and product lifecycle management tools.
Conduct compliance audits to ensure PDO/PMO standards and adherence to master project plan.

Senior Project/ Program Manager (Advance Services Division)
Cisco Systems Inc. Jun 2006 – Dec 2011
Multi-market Unified Communications portfolio driver. Achieved 12% growth ($15.5M USD per year) with a target of 10% of total global revenue.
Introduced optimised business and management principles for strategic planning, resource allocation, and product and service monetisation methods including up-sells.
Managed SAP HCM core project for India legal entity
oUsed ASAP project methodology.
Managed change management workstream from work breakdown, execution to implementation on various channel projects - incl. development and execution of change management, communications and training strategy/plans, stakeholder impact assessments, leadership engagement, strategic communications to support the program change initiative.
Prepared detailed project stakeholder analysis identifying change impacts to business groups and areas of resistance (ADKAR and PCT)
Collaborated with project team members and lines of business responsible for communication and training ensuring that related strategies aligned to and coordinated with the change management mitigating strategies.
Managed the development, coordination and implementation of program communication plans to support stakeholder awareness & engagement and project / initiative related people change.
Used internal tool for internal facing project content and used Microsoft Project for external sharing of timelines.
Developed communications materials incl. key messages, intranet content, presentations and ensured were communicated in an integrated manner as well as liaised with communication team from other LOBs and Corporate Communications to ensure alignment of strategic communication objectives.
Ensured communication and training strategies and plans were developed in response to the target audiences’ needs analysis.
Oversaw the development and execution of training strategies / plans including post-launch training documentation and training delivery.
Designed and developed as well as oversaw the design and development of content for internal learning initiatives such as FAQs, quick reference, user guides and job aids.
Coordinated a team of 135 (managers and engineers) in providing emergency resolution to business-critical situations across the Communications and Collaboration solutions group.
Business manager for Presidential escalations

Previous Noteworthy Experience (additional information available upon request):
Title Firm Team Size Duration
Senior Group Leader Wipro 656 May 2005 – Jun 2006
Team Manager Slash Support (now CSS) 217 Nov 2003 – May 2005
Technical Support Specialist Dell Inc. 25 Sep 2002 – Nov 2003
Team Leader (Front-Line Manager) Astem Technologies Inc. 10 Apr 2002 – Aug 2002
Project Manager KS Group 195 May 1997 – Mar 2002

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Decoupling of Ericsson’s hardware and software product offerings with the launch of a new private cloud program
Completed introduction of 2 new products (NPI) and modernization of 14 existing products into the ICT landscape
Managed the solutions-driven ‘Application Modernization Program’, reflecting local and global product strategy.
Implemented ‘Needs to Solution’ Value Flow, creating a standard funnel by which problems are solved, to bring value to the system and create dialogue across national offices which would prevent the wasteful creation of redundant solutions.
Management of the ‘Client Transformation Program’, transforming the IT landscape from Windows computers to hybrid proprietary/Linux platform as the best environment for developers. Progressed through 7 iterations after requirements gathering from 115,000 Users and equal number of contractors to 5,000 user segments each with unique application packaging. Completed this program within a 3-year timeframe, well within the expected 5 years.
Successful takeover and completion of a floundering IP phone deployment for 6,000 users
Brokered the first-ever end-to-end collaboration with a telecommunications partner to joint-deliver Cisco services.
Developed and re-engineered product delivery to drive a dramatic increase in quality.
Contact this candidate