Dedicated and proficient PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER with 12+ years of experience in strategic planning, project planning, project management, budgeting, program execution, vendor management, and process improvements. Highly motivated and proven team player with excellent self-discipline and a track record of completing complex projects on time and within budget.

AREAS of EXPERTISE

Strategic Planning – Program & Project Management – Vendor Relationship Management – Issue Resolution
Software Lifecycle Development – Agile & Waterfall Methodology – Team Leadership – Human Resources Finance Management – Business Requirements – System Design – CRM/Salesforce Solutions – Budgeting, NetSuite Implementation

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS:

Freelancing Project/BA Manager, Self Employed – Remote 8/2023 to Current
Conducted research for clients to create or recreate websites for 3 individual companies including non-profit organizations based on their current operational needs.
Prepared Business gap analysis with current business websites and future needs for websites.
Presented solutions and recommendations for website to customers.
Created Marketing plans and calendars for the websites.
Created business process for website updates.
Built out and maintain website-based needs.
Performed daily performance reviews of websites.
Created weekly to bi-weekly analytic reports for customers.
Managed activities, timelines, and estimations for project work.
Made ongoing modifications to web sites.

PMO Lead – Project/BA Manager, Hammacher – Niles, IL 12/2022 to 7/2023
Conducted research, developed requirement documents, and supported project plans.
Coordinated RFP process and led onboarding vendors for a new solution.
Managed highly visible and complicated projects to implement a new API/machine learning search tool, adding new payment options for monthly subscriptions.
Executed new PMO processes such as resource allocation, time submission, and project onboarding process.
Performed business acceptance testing.
Managed and tracked team activities, timelines, and estimations for project work.
Worked with Marketing and Design teams to implement over 58 promotions and modifications to web site

Chief to Staff – Project/Program Manager, MrktServ Holdings Inc. – Rolling Meadows, IL 5/2015 to 8/2022
Managed resource groups that provided over a million plus items to ecommerce retail websites and the technology to provide better customer service solutions.
Led all technological initiatives. Utilized project management Agile methodology. Leveraged expertise in developing, tracking, analyzing, and monitoring technology goals to ensure company plans were completed in a timely manner.
Supervised a team to oversee all system design, functionalities, and architecture changes to meet the specific company client’s requirements.
Managed daily operations including technology programs, projects, vendor relations, human resources, and catalog development to ensure company success.
Oversaw project status and utilized project management Waterfall methodology
Developed and oversaw implementation of internal business processes.
Set up and managed the initial personnel organization of 40 employees
Analyzed and implemented improvements for the data catalog and all IT company systems.
Responsible for company-wide communications.
Developed custom CRM solutions and devised and implemented a NetSuite solution.

Sears Holdings – Project Manager, Sears Holding, Hoffman Estates, IL 7/2010 to 5/2015
Managed and tracked multiple project statuses while utilizing Waterfall methodology.
Tracked budgets for projects using an internal system.
Interacted with internal resources to identify and resolve project issues.
Provided weekly status reports and gap analysis, including recommendations, to senior leadership.
Research and scoped business requirements per project to adhere to business requirements.
Vendor Management:
Provided estimates and cost to vendors.
Developed and implemented new processes for onboarding vendors.
Performed sales and negotiation of contracts.
Interacted with external partners and internal resources to identify and resolve vendor issues.
Developed and implemented marketing plans for vendors.
Tracked SOPT (Shipping Order Processing Time) Dates, Overdue Orders, and enforced vendor compliance.
Identified, managed, and provided resolutions for vendor issues.
Project Management:
Performed gap analysis and developed company reports.
Provided strategic strategy in accordance with company directives.
Implemented NetSuite from the RFP process, to requirement gathering, implementing and tracking timelines, and creating workflows in the system.
Provided ecommerce project/program management principles to improve timelines and increase the product assortment and to support Sears ecommerce operations drop ship program policies.
Developed weekly project status reports and facilitated weekly status meetings.
Conducted a needs analysis to determine plans for SalesForce implementations, goals, and deliverables.
Developed data mapping, project objectives, and tasks to implement automation of data migration into SalesForce by doing a gap analysis.

EDUCATION & TRAINING
Bachelor of Science in Operations and Information Management 2004 – 2008
Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, Illinois

Certifications 2023
Scrum Fundamentals, VMEDU
Scrum Master, VMEDU

* Willing to Relocate
Contact this candidate