Detailed-oriented with an extensive background in all Administrative and Customer service levels.

Computer Skills Software

Microsoft Office Suites Sugar SalesForce
QuickBooks Pro Namely Helios (Strengthscope)
Builder Trend Confluence
JIRA SharePoint
MLS Slack
Trident HubSpot
Top Producer Asana

Professional Experience

Sunrise Assisted Living/Memory Care Community, Leawood, KS: May 2024 to Present (Please do not call this current employer) - Activities Assistant
Daily activities (exercising, social events) with 40-50 residents.
One on one with residents.
Bus outings.

Terradatum/Lone Wolf, Overland Park, KS: August 2018 to April 2024
Digital Implementation Specialist
Executive Admin. to both Presidents/CEO’s of two companies.
Monthly tracking of the President/CEO expense reports.
Project Manager (Monthly preparations on Strengthscope for the workshops of over several hundred attendees).
Client Services (Scheduling clients BrokerMetrics training…Real Estate analytics software).
Preparing all New Hires to take the Strengthscope assessment, including the completion of the assessment process.

January 2016 through September 2018:

Three temporary contractor positions through various agencies:
Ideal Health and Regenerative Medicine: Office Administration.
K-Coe Isom: Preparation of tax return packages.
Financial Engines: Managed accounts receivable/payables.

Sancilio & Company, Riviera Beach, FL: June 2015 to January 2016 – Executive Assistant (Moved out of state due to my partner's job he had)
Assistant to Executive Director responsible for preparation of PowerPoint presentations in support of subcontractor reviews.
Created an Excel spreadsheet to streamline requirements tracking, relative to company locations within Palm Beach County.

The Club at Admiral’s Cove, Jupiter, FL: August 2014 to February 2015 -Administrative & Sales Assistant (6-month Contractor Position)
Coordinated Executive Board meetings, organized agendas, prepared meeting minutes, monitored action items, and followed up with actioners to closure.
Created an Excel spreadsheet to organize company invoices.
Point of Contact and liaison between the internal Engineering Department and customers/vendors supporting issue resolutions.

Coldwell Banker, Winter Park, FL: June 2013 through May 2014 - Project Coordinator (Moved out of state due to my partner’s job he had)
Organized the closing process to support payment of same-day closings and agents' commission checks.
Daily maintenance of the Agency’s MLS to support agents' accounts.
Organized and coordinated various Board fees for (ORRA/New Smyrna Beach, FL, and the Space Coast accounts).
Supported agents via daily processing of accounts receivable/payable.

Caregiver, Casselberry, FL: March 2010 through May 2013 - I moved in and lived with my parents as my mother's sole caregiver who suffered from Dementia, and my father who was on kidney dialysis.
Contact this candidate