EDUCATION

University of Colorado
CIS

WILLIAM HAWKES
Project / Program Manager
PROFILE
Dedicated and focused Project Management Specialist with over 15 years of experience excelling at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals. Flexible, detail oriented and adaptive team player with expertise in equipment operation, staff training and development, customer service, and process improvements.

CONTACT
PHONE:
720-***-****

EMAIL:
ad9cj6@r.postjobfree.com

CERTIFICATIONS
Program / Project Management (PMP - IBM Certified)

Network Attached Storage (NAS) - Certified

Six Sigma

Storage Area Networks (SAN) – Certified
LAN / WAN – Certified

WORK EXPERIENCE

Program Manager Sierra Space 05/2022 - Current
Scheduled all applications for the migration from Sierra Nevada Corporation to Sierra Space by deployment of Application Packaging (2500 packaged to SCCM) while ensuring maximum up-time after the migration.
Led new laptop deployment for 2500 employees from Sierra Nevada Corporation to Sierra Space laptops by providing configuration and training sessions while maintaining employee connectivity.
Shortened the time required for Kennedy Space Center buildouts (four different entities within NASA environment) to meet Launch dates.
E Commerce / Team Lead Kroger 09/2017 – 05/2022

Championed inefficiencies by improving online customer ordering and delivery services.
Proactively developed processes and procedures for on time / within budget operation.
Project Managed timeframe and resources for remote technical implementation
Conducted staff training of new team members.

Program Delivery Manager Kaiser Permanente 09/2014 - 09/2017
Managing a team of Project Managers to deliver complex projects to solution business needs.
Outlined and deployed productivity improvements by effectively distributing new projects to PMs.
Strategically analyzed and evaluated the status of all projects for my team and managed them to be in scope and on time.

Program Manager Xerox 01/2012 - 09/2014
Conceptualized and launched the migration of complex Server (6000) for Calpine Energy and Storage and Backup & Recovery infrastructure for the State of Texas. Completed one month before target date.
Scheduled and managed maintenance windows & remote technical implementation.
Technical Solution Architect Infocrossing 10/2007 - 01/2012
Architected Enterprise outsourcing solutions & reviewed the services solution with CIO level Executives.
Created processes and proprietary solution architecture tools.
Program Managed attention to detail with IT Infrastructure Operations for the solution described below.
Designed the largest Enterprise outsourcing win in Infocrossing history including Servers, Network, Storage, Mainframe, Software, and Disaster Recovery.
Program Manager Virtela Communications 08/2003 - 10/2007
Conceptualized and launched executive and large technical projects within IBM.
Developed LAN, WAN, VOIP, VLAN, etc. large projects utilizing IP Protocol.
Managed project schedules with IBM General Managers, Country Managers and Executive VPs worldwide.

SKILLS

Technical Management
Staff Training
Program Management
Project Management (IBM PMP)
Data Center Moves / Consolidations
Network Systems
Storage Systems
Servers (Wintel, AIX, Unix, Linux, Solaris)
Mainframes
Outsourcing
Six Sigma
Executive Level Communication
Microsoft (Project, Word, Excel, Power Point) & Visio
Contact this candidate