FELESIA HENRY
**** **** ********** ****** **************, VA 22401 571-***-**** ad9cf4@r.postjobfree.com
Project Management Professional (PMP) - Project Management Institute (PMI)
Compensation Administration, Deltek, Developmental Evaluations, Documentations, Employee Surveys, Ethics, Goal Setting, Leadership, Management Assessments, Management Trainings, People Management, Performance Development, Performance Management (PM), Project Management, Security Practices, Strategic Objectives, Timesheet Management, Workplace
SYSTEMS, DATABASE AND SECURITY ADMINISTRATION / ANALYST
Versatile, resourceful, and results-oriented Information Technology professional with progressive experience and exemplary qualifications to coordinate, support, and manage projects, programs, and activities involving systems, networks and databases, information security programs, and business and technical analysis. Skilled at working effectively both independently and collaboratively as part of a team in fast-paced IT environments.
TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES
Systems Planning/Deployment Cisco Routing & Switching Cert IT Disaster Recovery/Security
Network/System Infrastructure Policy/Procedure Development Vendor Contracts/Negotiation
Staff Facilitation/Development Hardware/Software Evaluations Problem Analysis/Resolutions
Project Prioritization/Execution End-User/Customer IT Support Internet/Domain Technologies
Virtual Applications Management Customer Service Solutions Business Relationship Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Tech Acquisition Refresh Project Manager Defense Intelligence Agency Springfield, VA May 2021 – Present
Performs duties as Tech Refresh Project Manager for the ISEO contract. Planning, scheduling, and executing all stages of enterprise software, hardware and systems implementations. Providing procurement oversight through the lifecycle of each procurement assigned. Ensuring all require milestones are achieved, and that process are completed and properly documented before closing. Ensures assigned projects are completed within budget and on schedule. Assess business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards, and cost targets.
Develop and maintain program project schedules in support of customer’s projects. These project schedules will be updated daily as status change and financial information is provided. The project schedules will be provided weekly or on-demand to provide greater awareness into progress.
Facilitate status review meetings among project team members and clients.
Coordinate, conduct, and participate in collaboration meetings with, and on behalf of the Government.
Examine customer problems, develop and present solutions, and then implements appropriate corrective action to initiate a change.
Support the development and adherence to procedures and policies.
Collaborate daily with Leidos teams to track project progress once provided by customer. Validate that customer’s requirements are clear and required information is provided.
Submit and support the formal request on behalf to customer to Leidos to initiate the project and begin obtaining all relevant information for budgeting.
Track all project equipment to ensure they meet the program’s Trade Agreements Act (TAA) strict requirements.
Validate and assist in gathering supported documentation to ensure customer’s requested equipment is Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) approved.
Provide Project Management / Life Cycle Management oversight to ISEO projects.
Plan, schedule, monitor, and report on project activities until delivery of new equipment and/or establishment of new technology environment.
Provide continual oversight into the status of all equipment.
Assist in project coordination of Direct Ship projects.

Emerging Requirements Project Manager (UFS), National Geospatial Agency Springfield, VA Oct 2020 – May 2021
Promoted to Emerging Requirements Project Manager role over several qualified applicants. Ensures assigned projects are completed within budget and on schedule. Communicate and document issues as soon as possible that may impact budget or schedule, proactively explore mitigations for any issues. Led a team to successfully create a solution to allow users to remotely work from home, while increasing productivity by 50% during the COVID pandemic. Handled all project facilitation for $3.5 million in development per year.
Prepared Excel spreadsheets, reports, and PowerPoint decks for 130+ meetings between cross-functional team members.
Used conflict resolution skills to resolve disputes between employees, clients, and vendors, typically within minutes of being made aware of the issue.
Regularly educated 150+ employees in the correct interpretation of all project plans.
Managed budget for 2 projects valued at over $100,000 each.
User Facing Services (UFS) Desktop Duty Manager, National Geospatial Agency Springfield, VA Mar 2018 – Oct 2020
As the Desktop duty manager, she is responsible for provisioning, Operations & Sustainment, and systems transition for the User-facing hardware and services. Performs duties associated with the strategic planning, programming, and budgeting for the procurement, provisioning, sustainment, and recapitalization of workstations, printers, VOIP phones, desktop and conference room video teleconference equipment, mobile devices, and the deployment of baseline software, software updates, and security software. She engages personnel partners and vendors in documenting the hardware requirements, preparing cost s\estimates and resolve engineering or implementation issues for projects.
she was responsible oversees the technical issues reported by the Remedy ticketing system, facilitate meeting with her team leads, and ensure that the UFS end user device technicians meet the SLAs and satisfy consumer’s requirements. As a leader of the Desktop support and voice team, she uses strong communication skills to motivate and encourage technicians. She also uses strong interpersonal skills to build relationships with the customers, other internal teams on UFS, and her leadership. She oversees the general health of the desktop environments to meet mission requirements. Working with government leadership to revise the Material Catalog and Service Material Catalogs used by the ITEMS UFS contract in order to build relationships that have proven instrumental when deciding what changes to make while improving the catalog.
These changes provide updates to the equipment used for projects and break-fix actions.
Develops technical solutions to complex problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.
Applies extensive technical expertise and has full knowledge of other related disciplines.
Work is performed without appreciable direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining technical objectives and approaches to assignment. Completed work is reviewed from a relatively long-term perspective, for desired results.
Guides the successful completion of major programs and may function in a project leadership role. Erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in failure to achieve major organizational objectives.
Represents the organization as the prime technical contact on contracts and projects. Interacts with senior external personnel on significant technical matters often requiring coordination between organizations.
Conducts trade studies and makes recommendations on solutions and “make buy” decisions.
Utilizes ITIL continual process improvement to gain efficiencies and improve the customer experience.

AIT Senior System Admin Team Lead & Consultant, National Geospatial Agency Springfield, VA Jan 2013 – Mar 2018
As a sub-contractor under the General Dynamics AIT program, performed as a Team Lead of an elite and agile team. Responsible for the maintenance and improving of system functionality through proactive interaction with the customer, comprehensive understanding of the primary GEOINT exploitation system as well as knowledge of the production mission utilized by the customer. Maintained the integrity and security of IT systems by monitoring and reporting issues on the servers and providing trouble shooting assistance to the customers. Responsibilities included but were not limited to:
Maintain technical documentation to readily identify problems and troubleshooting methods.
Use the BMC Remedy ticketing system for creating and monitoring incident and change request tickets.
Provides advice and training to end-users.
Restore and backup user data.
Maintain a working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products that the user interfaces with
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned.
Support user interface and troubleshooting with RemoteView, SocetGXP, SocetSet, Google Earth, and ArcGIS
Participates in special projects as required.
Proactively and reactively responded to virtual/physical desktop problems.
Provided hands on as well as remote resolutions for server and workstation issues.
Interact with on-site personnel as appropriate to resolve issues and conduct software/hardware installs.
Maintain knowledge of current VDI design to connect, configure, and/or enable information systems, devices, or components as assigned.
Use of Active Directory administration and ticketing systems such as Remedy
Strong customer service, communication, and writing skills.

System / Security Administrator & Analyst, U.S. Army Command Washington, DC Jun 2008 – Oct 2012
Was responsible for the cost, schedule, and technical performance of acquisition, operations, and support activities, and was accountable for the overall success of the mission. Maintain full responsibility for day-to-day technology and security systems coordination, administration, and management and IT strategy analysis, definition, and execution to implement effective technology solutions. Effectively coordinate and monitor on-going information systems, hardware, software, and security technologies.
Charged with planning, managing, deploying, and administering security authentication services and devices, digital credentials, infrastructure configurations, and end-user technical and network support for 800+ users.
Manage technology project lifecycle for systems from initiation through to closure including resource and project planning, execution, and delivery as well as managing all deliverables and customer feedback.
Provide consultation to Public-Key Infrastructure (PKI) Operations management regarding certificate issuance, network components and applications, and recoveries, revocations, suspensions, and renewals.

Network Specialist, U.S. Central Command Tampa, FL Apr 2004 – Jun 2008
Accountable for utilizing extensive knowledge and training in technology systems, hardware, and software to monitor and manage seven data networks within the Network Operation Center. Critical technology projects and responsibilities included secure, non-secure, video, and computer networking information management.
Assisted with troubleshooting and resolving a broad range of technical issues as well as trained and supported individuals on a variety of computer hardware, software, and networking functions and tasks.
Worked closely with leadership team and other technology team members to establish the scope and goals of networking and systems projects and to enhance efficiency and processes for new and existing IT initiatives.

System Administrator, U.S. Army Fort Bragg, NC Jun 1997 – Apr 2004
Directly responsible for providing project leadership and hands-on technical support for IT projects involving network and systems installations and implementations, information security planning, and communications guidance. Collaborated with and advised leadership on technology requirements while leading a staff of 15.
Project managed and conducted technology needs analysis, administration, and management of systems, secured critical information and data, and provided guidance on technology capabilities and solutions.
Fully accountable for proficient systems and network management for internal and external customers as well as resolving technical questions or issues relating to computer hardware, software, and network technologies.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Columbia Southern University Orange Beach, AL (2011)
Certifications and Training:
Project Management Certification – PMP (2021),),
Certificate in Applied Project Management, (2021) Villanova University
Six Sigma, (2021) Villanova University
Cisco CCNA Specialist (2005)
CISSP Training (2011)
Information System Security (2011)
Information Assurance (2011)
Network+ Certification (2010)
Security + Certification (2008)

Technology and Computer Skills:
Windows O/S, Security Protocols, Disaster Recovery, Server Administration, Database Management, Microsoft Office, Hardware/Software, LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, FTP, Routers and Switches, Smart Cards, USB Tokens

TS/SCI Security Clearance with CI-POLY

VETERAN PRFERENCE – 10 points preference eligible
Contact this candidate