OSCAR FRANCIS, JR., PMP, CSM
*** *** ***** **** • Haslet TX 76052
214-***-**** • Email: ad9ciy@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Sr. Level Software Development/Project Manager with extensive experience successfully developing software applications and effectively managing resources through the many lifecycle stages including design, implementation, documentation, qualification, and support. Proven ability to conduct accurate needs analysis, solve problems, assess technical capabilities, conduct strategic planning sessions, build and motivate teams, and manage multiple projects simultaneously. In addition, can fluently speak the languages of people and technology, blending technical expertise with exceptional interpersonal skills while interacting effectively with customers, sales staff, developers, engineers, and other project related resources.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Zoetis Portfolio Manager May 2022 to Sept 2024
Responsible for Portfolio Management of all projects within the IT Enabling Functions Area. Participated in annual budgeting process. Managed all monthly reporting and communication of forecasted versus actual variance.
•Reported monthly Financials for Projects and Operations against forecasted amount.
•Updated and managed forecasting information for both Projects and Operations.
•Managed vendor relations.
•Initiated new projects for review and approval through PMO process.
•Worked with PMO office for variance reporting.
•Worked with vendors to resolve invoice issues and issuance of Purchase Order number.
•Managed amortization of License subscriptions totaling $1.5 million per month.
•Managed Operation Expense (OpEx) budgets totaling $17 million annually.
•Tracked and reported on over 30 projects with budgets over $4 million annually.
•Created and presented monthly project status reporting to stakeholders and senior leadership.
•Forecasted Capital and Operation Expense budgets during annual budget review cycle.
•Met with Project Managers to develop and update forecasting information monthly.
•Confirmed submittal of invoices and information for expense accrual prior to financial month-end close.
•Participated in month-end close process with Finance to assure budget financials were captured correctly.
•Created purchase requisitions and financial reports in SAP.
•Created and maintained budget planning data in Apptio Software.

Dean Foods/DFA Dairy Brands Sr. Project Manager October 2015 to May 2022
Responsible for managing 30+ IT Projects to improve functionality within the organization. Managed as many as 4 to 5 projects simultaneously to deliver added value to both IT and the Business Units supported.
•Managed IT Software Development projects supporting 3000+ frontline workers.
•Responsible for maintaining Capital and Operation Expense budgets for over 30+ projects.
•Creation and presentment of Senior Level Monthly Project Status reporting.
•Managed vendor relationship for requirements gathering, change management, and budget tracking.
•Managed implementation of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Solution for Merchandisers and Regional Sales resources.
•Participated in Mentorship Program for Junior level Project Managers
•Worked with Supplier Management team in documenting Purchase Order process for Capital Projects.
•Worked with PMO office to update and revamp PMO process and documentation.
•Managed vendor implementation of a training solution for 3000 Drivers, Managers, Team Leads, and Supervisors.
•Managed budgets exceeding $2.5 million.
•Managed implementation of a Warehouse Management System utilized for picking and loadout.
•Forecasted Capital and Expense budget during annual budget review cycle.
•Provided frequent communication and conducted regularly scheduled meetings between Team and Stakeholders.

File&ServeXpress Sr. Project Manager June 2014 to June 2015
Responsible for managing multiple IT Delivery Solution Projects to improve functionality for the e-Serve and e-File clients following the agile software development methodology in addition to managing and supporting the integration of Project Server with Team Foundation Server (TFS) for Project Portfolio management and resource allocation tracking.
•Managed and implemented integration of Project Server with TFS.
•Managed third-party vendor during configuration and implementation of Project Server with TFS.
•Managed multiple client enhancement projects and teams while delivering new client functionality.
•Documented and received approval on process improvement for identifying and approving new projects.
•Managed monthly server patching and new project promotions.

Goodman Networks/Randstad Sr. Project Manager May 2013 to October 2013
Responsible for overall project management of IT infrastructure and application development projects within the IT department.
Managed migration of company’s email management system from an on-premise application to Microsoft hosted Office 365 solution via Office Exchange online.
Responsible for managing System Integrator role and responsibilities throughout the design and implementation process.
Managed the migration of 2071 user mailboxes, 140 shared mailboxes, and 150 IT services mailboxes to Microsoft Cloud based solution.
Managed enhancements to Oracle Warehouse Management System application.

Fannie Mae/ Celerity IT Sr. Business Consultant August 2011 to March 2013
Worked with client to implement Software as a Services (SaaS) application utilizing both the waterfall and iterative software development methodology. Areas of responsibilities included gathering, documenting, and working with Change Management PM to assure accurate and complete project requirements documentation. In addition, during the testing phase of project, responsible for working with Equator Tech and testing team on issue resolution.
Approved project change requests that conflicted with base requirements requiring.
Interacted with both the business user and third-party vendor to identify conflicts, recommend resolution, and apply project change request corrections as necessary.
Meticulously worked to keep all documents uploaded and synchronized utilizing the IBM requirements tool Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements System (DOORS).
Supported and participated in executing and validating test cases during business acceptance testing cycle.
Responsible for the staging of reporting data that was utilized during the testing process to confirm accurate generation of reporting data post project launch.

Dr Pepper Snapple Grp./Matrix Project Manager Dec 2009 – Feb 2011
Responsible for overall project management, requirement gathering, testing, and deployment of an online grant management and Knowledgebase system working with two third party vendors.
Implemented online web application knowledgebase management system that assisted Sales Team in responding to RFP request and general product and business questions.
Managed development, testing, implementation and all client communications for rolling out web-based application to manage grant, sponsorship and donation request submitted to client. Site was branded similar to DPSG current style sheets and templates.
Managed relationship with IT, Corporate Affairs, Marketing and 2 third party vendors to assure all requirements were document, tested and implemented successfully. Application was installed as Software as a Service (SaaS).
Implemented online web application Knowledgebase management system for Call Center Agents to assist in answering customers inquiries.
Managed development, testing, implementation and all client communications for delivering an externally facing web knowledge base application for Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ). Site was branded similar to DPSG current style sheets and templates.
Participated in RFP process to identify, select, and replace existing knowledgebase management system.

Fiserv Program Manager May 2008- Aug 2009
Responsible for managing and mentoring staff, providing strategic project direction, assisting in definition and implementation of project requirements, identifying areas of continued efficiencies, and assuring overall success of New Client Implementation Projects being deployed to Fiserv’s payment engine platform.
Managed the development, testing and implementation of NYU’s students online bill payment system. Seven online applications were developed and implemented with the appropriate branding for each school.
Developed, managed, and supported multiple customers facing e-commerce application system for online bill presentment and payment.
Developed, managed and supported multiple e-commerce applications systems for Fiserv clients
Developed, managed, and supported IVR applications deployments for multiple clients
Managed budget ($1.5 million dollars) and resources (total head count 45) for migrating 16 clients from CheckFree’s payment process platform to Fiserv’s payment processing platform within a 5-month timeline.
Managed staff for development and testing for new client implementations to Fiserv’s payment processing platform.
Managed day to day operations for multiple projects being implemented.
Responsible for creating and managing multiple schedules for Client implementation and maintenance projects.
Directed workload for contingent of offshore developers assigned to my functional area.

QHR/Matrix Sr. Project Manager Aug 2007- May 2008
Responsible for managing various teams of resources and the associated project plans for a Business Process Reengineering Project. Project entailed evaluating, documenting and implementing new processes for an entire company.
Evaluated overall business processes to ensure alignment with QHR’s Value Chain.
Established project management methodology for business process re-engineering project.
Managed various teams to document and implement new business process.

Alliance Data Development Manager March 2004- July 2007
Managed a diverse group of programmers, business analyst, and project managers in order to develop and support the day-to-day operations of our Utility customer’s statements, correspondence, and remittance processing.
Managed development, testing, deployment and all client communications of online enrollment system for all utility clients deployed to ADS hosting system.
Managed development, deployment and all client communications for rolling out all Utility client’s utilizing ADS shared services online web application to monitor bill generation, payment and presentment.
Managed development, testing, and deployment for all Utility clients Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment (EBPP).
Managed group of web developers to develop, test and deploy customer branded websites for enrollment and promotional programs,
Responsible for implementing, testing and retiring all e-commerce special promotions presented on all Utility clients’ websites.
Managed development staff that supported multiple platforms.
Successfully migrated multiple new utility customers to a standard print and mail process
Managed the day-to-day activities of 5 programmers, 3 Business Analyst, and 1 Project Manager.
Managed team that performed Production Support on all Statement and Remittance projects developed and implemented. Utilized Computer Associated Service Center application to track and update production issues.
Created and managed professional services agreements with third party vendor to provide additional development resources as needed.
Managed / supported a 200% growth in our customer base.
Developed and implemented new processes while continuously improving existing processes for Statement processing in an ongoing effort to ensure reliability of end-to-end process.

Alliance Data Software Development PM March, 2003-March, 2004
Responsible for creation and communicating business requirements and managing team responsible for analysis, development, and implementation of various application systems.
Implemented online customer portal for accessing reporting and statement processing status.
Planned, managed and implemented over 50 capital and expense projects through the use of integrated teams ranging in price from $1000 to $500K dollars.
Boarded new client on billing platform within one month when typically takes 3 months
Facilitated lessons-learned meetings and offered process improvement ideas for future projects.
Defined, managed and tracked the project schedule, project activities, project milestones, weekly team meeting and weekly project status reports from initiation to closing

Alliance Data Project Manager Trainer Oct, 2002-March, 2003
Responsible for developing training material and training Project Managers
Developed curriculum for training classes to inform current and future Project Managers of the project management methodology and software development methodology being used to implement various IT projects.
Conducted training classes to educate Project Managers and Management on toolsets used to manage various IT projects.

Citizens Communications IT Project Manager Sept, 1996-Feb, 2002
Responsible for developing project plans and managing IT projects in order to provide common standards and guidelines to ensure projects were implemented based on industry accepted project management methodologies.
Successfully coordinated and managed relocation of an IT Data Center, 34 IT functional groups, and IT personnel to another geographical region within a 6-month period.
Managed project to evaluate software functionality of a telecommunication billing platform and presented findings and recommendation to Directors and VP of Information Services.
Developed, implemented and tracked project plans for a three year multi-million-dollar data migration project utilizing MS Project 98 and Artemis Project Tracking software.
Responsible for overall project management, planning, scheduling, resource assignment, milestone reporting, and deliverable requirements for all Operational Support Systems (OSS) across multiple organization.
Responsible for Identifying and resolving resource scheduling conflicts for a multi-year migration integration project where acquired customers were migrated to Citizens Communications billing engine.
Successfully created and managed project plans for several migration projects simultaneously while managing all aspects of project communications and issue resolution.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
BS, Economics & Finance, University of Texas at Dallas, TX
AAS, Business Administration, Richland Community College, Richardson, TX
Project Manager Professional (PMP) since July 2001 issued by Project Management Institute (PMI) #35828
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) issued by International Scrum Institute Cert.#073***********
Master’s Certificate in Information Technology Project Management from George W. University
Financial Analysis from American Management Association
Project Leadership, Management, and Communication
TECHNICAL SKILLS
eGain Knowledgebase, SAP, ARIBA, COUPA, Skyllful, P4K, MS Project and Project Server, RightNow Knowledgebase, MS Office Suite, MS Exchange, MS SharePoint, Sponsorwise, Rational: Doors (8.3/9.0) and Clearquest, HP Quality Center 10.0, Equator Workstation, Power BI, Apptio Planning Software
Contact this candidate