Rajni Jain
ad9de3@r.postjobfree.com, 703-***-****
9+ years of experience in Agile and Team management

Profile
Manager/SCRUM Master with experience in managing and implementing multiple IT projects. SAFe certified, with 9+ years of experience in coaching and leading agile implementations for timely delivery. Passionate about Agile/SCRUM/Kanban and understands the value it brings by supporting successful delivery of technical solutions to solve complex problems. A self-driven individual. Friendly and personable, neat professional with excellent professional skills and very detail oriented. Proficient in operating computers. Demonstrated absolute integrity and honesty in all endeavors. 11+ years of total experience in which 2+ years of experience is in managing my own business where I was constantly engaged in customer managing experiences.
CACI experience
Project Manager/SCRUM Master – 03/2024 to Present

Agile Team Lead for 2 development teams working to deliver a custom application to support HR management, timekeeping, and scheduling of OFO officers.
Lead and facilitate Agile ceremonies and provide mentoring and training for the team on Agile processes, methods and practices.
Plan sprints & releases as per the product owner's priorities and the team's velocity & capacity.
Manage dependencies externally and internally.
Identify and remove impediments to enhance the team's ability to deliver.
Develop plans for smooth and efficient production deployments by coordinating and tracking the builds for two teams.
Facilitate and coordinate the nightly CR/ Deployment calls.
Supported Go Live activities.
Create deployment documentation for the client, leadership and provide status briefing on everyday status check calls.
Managed, directed, supervised & mentored direct reports.

Past experience

Project Manager/Deputy Program Manager, Data-Analytics and DevSecOPS, Amivero– 06/2023 to 10/2023
Supporting two teams on a CDC project focused on the modernization of CDC’s public health infrastructure and supporting and assisting them with migrating their technical infrastructure from program, center and office level infrastructure to an enterprise/agency level.
Serving as a deputy programmer manager for Amivero ensuring the successful delivery of deliverables and managing project risks and issues in a structured log.
Conducting working session meetings to discuss scope, schedule and requirements with product owners and helping with prioritization, risk management and scope.
Managing product quality, releases & delivery, prepare and distribute progress reports, manage risks and issues, correct deviations from plans, and perform delivery planning for assigned projects.
Conducting all scrum ceremonies, including sprint planning, stand ups, sprint reviews and retrospectives.
Performing continuous and active backlog grooming with the tech leads.
Calculate ongoing team capacity.
Assisting in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments, removing roadblocks to their work, leveraging organizational resources to improve capacity for project work, and mentoring and developing team members.
Supporting and managing customer expectations for project deliverables, managing stakeholder communications, and help to implement an effective system of project governance.

Manager/Agile Delivery Lead, Cyber Crypto Services, Capital One – 09/2022 to 04/2023
●Supporting two engineering teams and the program management team to ensure delivery success of the Capital One Cyber Teams and Services. Assessed the teams' levels of Agile maturity, and leveraged the appropriate Agile methodology whilst simultaneously coaching the teams to enable quality delivery and continuous improvement.
●Helping Program management with weekly and biweekly reporting for leadership and other broader audiences.
●Facilitated and led the whole PI Planning event, preparing teams ahead of time with capturing all the required information, creating quarterly objectives and milestones, conducting dependency workshops and Roadmap review and finalization meetings.
●Providing visibility into delivery targets, commitments, and progress.
●Identifying upstream and downstream dependencies, proactively identified impediments and appropriately resolving using network of peers and formal channels (including escalation if required).
●Actively working with Tech Leads to maintain the timelines for Enterprise Tech Backlog (ETB's) and making sure teams meet all the deadlines and maintaining a record of "Exceptions".
●Closely tracking and monitoring the team’s results and reports metrics at the iteration and project levels and identify gaps if any.
●Created confluence pages to track and automate the work that's pulled in for a PI and make a holistic view visible and transparent for a bigger set of audience.
●Created a Dashboard to show PI progress in terms of epics and ETB's.
●Facilitating all ceremonies and events required for getting the work done and keeping the iterative process on track,facilitating productivity by mediating through conflicts,helping teams to make decisions.
●Assisting with internal and external communication, improving transparency and radiating information
●Supporting the Product Owner, especially with respect to grooming and maintaining the backlog as per the capacity for each sprint.
●Additionally, also supporting the Architecture team for integration of upcoming projects with existing engineering teams.

Senior SCRUM Coach, Modern Delivery Team Single Family, Freddie Mac – 07/2022 to 09/2022
As a Senior Scrum Coach supported the Loan Product Advisor (LPA) application. LPA gives users access to Freddie Mac credit requirements and allows users to view credit risk to easily access their loan's over all underwriting risk. Managed the team to no achieve an exceptional product through collaborative best practices and rapid problem-solving techniques. Provided guidance on how to use Agile practices and methodologies with an encouraged focus on SAFe processes and practices. Facilitated events to ensure full team engagement. Supported the product owner on release planning and deployments, removing impediments for the team and performing escalations when required. Facilitated communication and collaboration inside and outside the team through careful management of dependencies.
SCRUM Master/BA/Project Manager, RDSO, USCIS – 08/2020 to 07/2022
As a Scrum Master/Kanban Master & Business Analyst, on the RDSO Program supporting the IVCS Project. The IVCS project provides USCIS staff the Immigrant Visa Content Services to track ingestion of immigration cases from DOS. As a Scrum Master and BA on the IVCS project implemented agile values and principles in the team and enhanced their ability to follow SAFe process and practices. Conducted various agile ceremonies. Worked closely with product management and technical stakeholders to clarify and scope the schedule status and details of each Product Increment, Sprint and Release. Supported the Product Owner in managing customer expectations for project deliverables and accomplishing ongoing process improvement initiatives to implement best practices for Agile Project management which can be noticed with a significant improvement of release cadence from Monthly to bi-weekly and bi-weekly to weekly, over the past one year. Facilitated the design & development of IVCS Dashboard and web based application to track processing of records ingested. Additionally responsible for performing manual testing, submitting weekly reports and providing team’s status in various meetings as and when required.
SCRUM Master, Smart Tools, EPA (Plateau Inc.) –12/2018 TO 04/2020
As a Scrum Master on the Smart Tools project. The EPA Smart Tools is a web-based application that provides assessment managers with the tools needed to effectively plan, efficiently coordinate, and manage assessments of EPA facilities. As a Scrum Master, the Smart Tools project facilitated SAFe values stream and program increment planning sessions involving multiple teams. Conducting all scrums ceremonies, including facilitating stand ups, backlog refinement, sprint planning and retrospectives. Facilitated relative story pointing in grooming and planning sessions. Build trust and healthy communication within the team. Used burndown charts/velocity metrics to plan capacity for next sprints and retrospect with the team. Organized and conducted an interactive game to engage multiple teams across the organization that helped to understand agile practices. Collaborated closely with the Product Owner (PO) with respect to managing the product backlog. Managed and assisted prioritizing Stakeholder feedback in review meetings. Helped determine the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) with the help of PO and team to meet stakeholder needs. Managed interdisciplinary teams to address dependencies across projects. The environment consisted of a development team which included developers and QA and a separate operations team responsible for the deployment of the application.
SCRUM Master, Mobile Apps, Qbare Inc – 12/2015 TO 12/2018
As a Scrum Master and QA, on the Mobile Apps project. The Mobile Apps project develops multiple mobile apps for android and iOS platforms. As a QA facilitated the development of mobile apps. Created Jira dashboards to highlight impediments and progress. Maintained continuous improvement backlog for teams to show progress and resolve impediments. Worked closely with the management and product development team to effectively plan the delivery of software solutions to clients. Developed Test Cases and performed manual testing.
Tutor Business, Aloha – 10/2013 TO 05/2015
As a Business Owner of the tutoring franchise Aloha. Aloha is a math and English tutoring franchise. As a franchise owner managed the business. Tutored Math to kids of grade 1 to 5. Managed the staff of 5 teachers. Interacted with parents and counseled and provided guidance to children to do better academically.
Education
Computer Software Professional Course / 2000
JAVA Computer course from NIIT, India covering Windows, Microsoft Office & Beginners JAVA programming
Bachelors in English (Honors) / 1998 Undergrad from Delhi University, Delhi India
Trainings and certifications
●SAFe Scrum Master
●Software Project Manager
●Software Project Lead
●Software Project Analyst

Industry knowledge
Banking, Mortgage, DHS USCIS, EPA, Education,
Government, Federal, Civilian
Technical specializations
SAFe, SCRUM, Kanban,
Project Management,
Business Analyst, SQL
Areas of expertise
Agile Methodologies
Project Management,
Release Management
Environments
Windows
Tools & software
Microsoft Office, JIRA,
Confluence, Power BI,
Github, GSuite, Office365
Languages
English
Contact this candidate