Blaine, MN
612-***-****
ad9dde@r.postjobfree.com
Brian Bayer, CDT
SUMMARY
Results driven individual with a proven record of completing difficult tasks with time sensitive deadlines in the field of construction management and operations.
EXPERIENCE
Clean Response
Clean Response provides first-class water damage and fire damage restoration services. Our reputation is built upon our immediate response time, our exceptional customer service, and the integrity and professionalism of our staff. Project Manager July 2022-Current
Lead and coordinate all managerial and administrative aspects of project from the earliest stages of preconstruction through project closeout
Participate in the proposal meeting with clients to review the scope of work, discuss ways to reduce costs, provide value engineering ideas, and negotiate contracts & fees Oversee subcontractor selection and buyout process for all trades and vendors Identify and investigate opportunities to procure material and/or specialty equipment directly when advantageous to project budget or schedule
Work with Project Superintendent to develop and review subcontractor scopes of work/contracts, project schedule, and site logistics plan
Lead preconstruction planning meetings with all designers, subcontractors and vendors aimed at solving potential constructability, sequencing, and/or manpower issues Track and manage project performance vs budget, prepare owner pay applications, cost status, and progress billing reports
Target Distribution Center
Target Global Supply Chain and Logistics is evolving at an incredible pace. We are constantly reimagining how we get the right products to our guests faster than before, so that no matter how guests shop in stores or on Target.com we deliver the convenience and immediate gratification they deserve. A role in a Distribution Center means being on the front lines of getting products to our guests and stores as quickly as from Operations, where process and problem solving drive our results, to Quality Management, which ensures the right products get to the right places on time. We are always striving to support our team to create an ever-evolving business. Inbound/Outbound Freight Associate August 2020-July 2022 Count all products, compare to manifest and check all shipments for damage, infestation and production code dates Report shortages, damages and mis-shipments on appropriate forms Sign for inbound shipments when necessary
Transport orders to shipping locations or delivery platforms with material handling equipment Compare quantity, labeling and address with order to ensure outgoing shipments are complete and correct Efficiently move product into outbound delivery vehicles Blaine, MN
612-***-****
ad9dde@r.postjobfree.com
Minneapolis Glass Company
Minneapolis Glass Company is a regional architectural flat glass fabricator, distributor and glazing contractor in Plymouth, MN since 1937. We provide glass solutions to a variety of market segments. Our glass evolution has brought quality improvement, safety, innovation and automation to the marketplace. A cut above the competition, our people, longevity, creativity and technology set us apart
Project Manager January 2020-May 2020
Successfully manage various commercial projects from estimating to completion Create and manage project schedules, timelines and budgets Use established business processes and software to achieve and track progress and results Communicate project status with team members and subcontractors on each job Manage team contributions of designers, vendors, fabricators, installers and other key players Build relationships with both internal team members and external customers and subcontractors Glass & Mirror INC.
Glass and Mirror, Inc. is Minnesota's glass and mirror expert, serving Minneapolis, St. Paul, and the greater Twin Cities Metro Area for over 30 years. Glass and Mirror, Inc. specializing in: custom glass shower doors, glass shower enclosures, custom cut glass mirrors, window glass replacement, as well as commercial glass and glazing. Project Manager/Estimator January 2018-January 2020 Effectively be able to present the product and be the "go to" person for it and take questions from a group of managers, customers, co-workers, and/or vendors.
Visiting job sites as required to ensure necessary customer service and problem-solving Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, proportions, percentages, etc. Central States Insulation Wholesale
CSI Wholesale is a nationwide distributor offering a wide range of insulation products for the commercial and residential markets. CSI supplies high-quality insulation, chutes, baffles, tapes and sealants are available for contractors and installers that take pride in a job done right.
Outside Sales Representative June 2017-Dec 2017
Evaluating product lines, markets/customers, marketing programs and sales strategies Researched and called on new customers in assigned territory Developed Pricing for new accounts based on sales volume and frequency of sales Corresponded with all new and existing account-based orders and concerns Shaw/Stewart Lumber Company
A premier supplier of quality products, services, and innovative business solutions for the construction industry by exceeding customer expectations and valuing long-term relationships Commercial Window Specialist/Outside Sales Representative November 2015-June 2017. Blaine, MN
612-***-****
ad9dde@r.postjobfree.com
Communication with architects, contractors, and distributors to develop weekly, monthly, and yearly forecasts to ensure project success and company profitability
Drives product sales with in assigned territory through implementing a territory strategy Developed detailed bid packages for customers based on selected project requirements and meet company required gross margin budget
Build & maintain new and existing customers in assigned territory by forming relationships with, contractors, architects, and builders.
Kremer & Davis Inc.
Has served the commercial construction market since 1945, offering roofing, waterproofing, damp-proofing and air/vapor barriers. Industry leader within the Midwest with a national presence because of specialization we deliver on. Crew Foreman February 2010 Nov 2015
.
Deliver high quality product/services to current customers while meeting tight timelines to ensure company profitability Demonstrated strong leadership & team building skills with crew to ensure product quality is met and customer satisfaction is achieved
Given added responsibilities by ownership to lead certain projects because of expertise with certain applications and prior operations management
RWS Construction
Construction Co. that provided projects serving the greater Twins Cities metro area specializing in aspects of construction from residential and commercial roofing, waterproofing, and sheetmetal projects. Field Operations Manager January 2005 - February 2010 Developed project forecasting processes for inventory, labor, equipment, & materials for daily, weekly, and monthly events
Managed tasks as defined in the project plan (from initiation through delivery/ final implementation) Managed detailed customer requirements, constraints, and assumptions with stakeholders in order to establish project deliverables
Brent Anderson Associates
Construction Co. that provided projects serving the greater Twins Cities metro area specializing in aspects of commercial construction projects such as roofing, waterproofing, and concrete systems. Assistant Project Manager/Inventory Control June 1996- Dec 2004 Responsible for quality assurance and met budgeted forecast Promoted from warehouse laborer to Assistant Project Manager after 1 year Controlled and directed all transportation functions of outbound customer orders to ensure meeting of company standards Met with clients to ensure project satisfaction throughout the process from start to completion Education
Name/Location Date From-Date to Major Degree
Metropolitan State University/
St. Paul, MN
09/2000-05/2002 Business
Administration
Bachelor of Science
Name/Location Date From-Date to Major Degree
Blaine, MN
612-***-****
ad9dde@r.postjobfree.com
Certifications
April 2010- CPR/First Aid certified
July 2009- Certified MN Dept of Labor & Industry Residential General Contractor OSHA 30 Certification
2016 CDT Certification
2015 Action Selling Certification
Computer Skills and Programs
Agility
Marvin OMS
PDF-Viewer
MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, & Outlook
Sage 100
Viewpoint
Anoka Ramsey Community College/
Coon Rapids, MN
08/1998-05/2000 General Business Associates
Name/Location Date From-Date to Major Degree
Spring Lake Park HS/
SLP, MN
09/1994-05/1998 General Studies High School
Diploma
Contact this candidate