Manuel António Serrano Melão
Lisbon, Portugal, Portuguese
ad9dpl@r.postjobfree.com
http://linkedin.com/in/manuelmelao
+351-*********

Project & Performance Manager
I'm Project Manager and Business Analyst professional with a passion for concretizing ideas, driven for execution, with experience in solving complex problems and working with cross-functional teams. I am proficient in project lead, business analyst, sap consultant. I am experienced in coordinating customer care projects and O2C processes. I enjoy finding simple and automatic solutions across supply chain, customer care and performance analysis. Recently completed the Google Project Management certificate – a rigorous, hands-on program that covers traditional and Agile project management approaches throughout the life cycle of a project.

Professional Experience
Western Europe Supply Chain Project & Performance Manager

Sanofi – Opella
Western Europe, Remote
December 2021 – Present
Countries in my scope: UK, Belgium, Spain, Portugal, Austria, Switzerland, and Greece. Responsibility for developing, simplifying, automating, and implementing supply chain projects.

Led projects and initiatives to drive performance as support to the head of Supply Chain.
Drive projects for the 7 WE markets: Saving Initiatives, Harmonization of processes, Workload Assessment, SAP upgrade for SAP HANA for Austria and Switzerland (go-live July/2022).
Responsible for creating, drive and monitoring the Western Europe Supply Chain performance on the different processes (forecasting, product shortages, fill-rate, inventory, deliveries, claims, destructions, customer service level, revenue at risk) and identify corrective action plans.
Responsible to running SC processes (performance meeting, reconciliation meeting SC+FI) & tools (SCeye, KuDoS, Kinaxis), to contribute with the automatization and simplification to facilitate decision making and improve the service.

Iberia Service Strategy Lead & E2E Customer Care

Sanofi
Iberia, Portugal, and Spain
October 2018 –November 2021
Responsible to develops and drive the Market Service Strategy for Iberia. Reviews and proposes market service strategy changes (MOV, MOQ, EDI, sales orders frequency,etc) according to the commercial police, assessing and prioritizing services plans opportunities.
Key Point of Contact for SAP (S/4Hana) regarding the Order to Cash processes: orders, deliveries, invoices, returns, claims, price condition, material master data, rebates, EDI.

I implemented and led as Project Manager the following supply chain projects:
MOV (2021) - Minimum Order Value for the Portuguese main customers (Wholesalers €2000 and public Hospitals €100).
Business@Mail (2021) - implementation of the Edicom Web Platform “Business@Mail” (online invoices/credit notes) for the Portuguese pharmacies.
EDI - Electronic Invoice (2021) - EDI Electronic Invoice & Orders. For Portuguese Hospitals (public and private), Mass Market and Wholesalers.
ESKER IM (2020) - Portuguese implementation of the tool “ESKER IM” (Customer Claims Manager).
Fill Rate improvement (2020) - improvement of the Fill Rate for the Portuguese Wholesalers (64% to > 75%)
Claims Reduction (2020) - Claims reduction (> 15%) and SLA implementation (Wholesalers).
Call Center implementation (2019) – external Call Center.
Sales Orders reduction (2019) - reduction of 21% of Sales orders by the optimization of sales orders processes with the main customers (Wholesalers/Mass Market/Hospitals).
iShift Focal Point (2018/2019) - Supply Chain Portugal key point of contact for the implementation of the SAP S/4Hana.

Consultant SAP SD
Altran
Portugal
2014 – 2018
Consultant SAP SD (Sales & Distribution), business analyst, SAP support coordinator for Portugal, tickets manager, UAT coordinator, customizing, good communication, problem solving and local (Portugal) SAP point of contact for the international projects inside Sanofi Corporation.
Assignment: SAP in Sanofi (http://www.sanofi.com/) at MKC (Multicountry Knowledge Center – core team - France). Pharmaceutical Industry (Sanofi).

Consultant SAP SD
HP - Hewlett Packard
Iberia, Portugal, and Spain
2001 – 2014
Consultant SAP SD (Sales & Distribution), business analyst, business support in projects and maintenance.
Assignment: SAP for Galp Energia Portugal and Spain. OIL & GAS Industry.
Iberia SAP team member for maintenance and projects (Portugal and Spain). Global understanding of sales & distribution and logistics process (TD, OTC, P2P, interfaces, EDI, MM and FI-CO integration).

Education

International University of Lisbon, Portugal (finished in 1998).
University degree in Business Administration (5 years – before Bologna process).

Languages

Portuguese: native speaker.
English: professional level in speaking, reading, and writing.
Spanish: professional level in speaking, reading, and writing.

Skills
●Project Manager
●Adaptability
●Project scoping and planning
●Collaboration
●Communication
●Negotiation
●Critical thinking
●Problem-solving
●Empathy
●Listening
●Organised
●Hardworker
●Consesual person
●Responsible person
●Team player
●Simplification lover
●Automatization lover
●Open mind
●Process improvement
●Kinaxis

●SAP ECC and S/4HANA
●Excel/MS Office

Credentials and Certifications
Google Project Management certificate, Jul24
Google Applying Project Management in the Real World, Jul24
AI for Everyone, Apr24
Google Project Execution – Running the Project, Apr24
Google Agile Project Management, Mar24
Google Project Planning: Putting It All Together, Mar24
Google Project Initiation: Starting a Successful Project, Jan24
Google Foundations of Project Management, Dec23
Learn Quest Scrum Master: Scrum Methodologies, Dec24
Design Thinking, Nov23
LEAN Introduction & Foundations, Nov2023
Agile Leadership: Introduction to Change, University of Colorado, Nov2023

Recommendations
Muriel DOUCELIN -ITS Program Leader Supply Chain (ad9dpl@r.postjobfree.com)
I appreciated working with you on a regular basis (in particular your transparency and empathy). Based on "Portugal EDICOM EDI Ramp-up for Hospitals", I would recommend that you keep track on the assumptions taken (e.g., hospitals number) as results driven.Act for Patients and customers: You demonstrated this behavior in your day-to-day life, didn't you?! e.g., in executing the Service Strategy plan that you defined with Paul.
Stretch: You demonstrated when the team had to quickly deploy Esker IM for Portugal last year in a very short timeline.
Take action: You followed up with Legal to define the risks related to e-invoice law for public entities in Portugal.
Think Sanofi First: You took into account CHC perimeter for the EDI ramp-up for hospitals.

Paul PRICE -Global Supply Chain Customer Engagement Strategy Lead (ad9dpl@r.postjobfree.com)
I have worked extensively with Manuel on the ECEI project throughout 2019 & 2020. Manuel has been a key contributor to the success of the ECEI project, both in Iberia & at a Europe level.
As the leader of the ECEI initiatives in Portugal, Manuel has been extremely reliable team member, always attending the necessary review meetings, always arriving on time with the necessary preparation complete.
I have been impressed by his focus on the necessary outcomes that needed to be delivered and that the outcomes were successfully delivered. Manuel has also brought strong analytical skills to the table, being able to use data well to understand the dynamics/trends of the various ECEI levers. During the ECEI project, Manuel has been very open minded & willing to take aboard suggestions & any coaching from the central team. Also, the level of ECEI initiatives taken on was high, Portugal had one of the highest number of levers to execute compared to the other European countries. So, I appreciate that Manuel aimed high & hit the target in most cases.
Contact this candidate