JOSEPH S. KHOURY, IMBA 304-***-**** ad9dmr@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/josephskhoury/

MANUFACTURING & DISTRIBUTION GLOBAL OPERATIONS SUPPLY CHAIN CONSTRUCTION EXPAND FORTUNE 500 ACCOUNTS

Modernizes business units’ processes, initiatives and teams. Deliver high-quality, highly-efficient strategy. Increase revenues, decrease costs and delight clients as innovator of agile process improvements. Forward-thinking in prioritizing short- and long-term goals, urgencies with multi-year and change management implementation activities, plans. Articulate communicator and presenter, gain buy-in and build alliances across all stakeholders from the C-Suite to operations floor.
MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE
Global Logistics Project/Program Supply Chain Risk Assessment Construction Leadership Customer Focus Management Resource Budget Warehouse Product NPI (New Product Lauch)

CORE LEADERSHIP STRENGTHS
Strategic Planning New Product Launch Change Management
Complex Solutioning Imports & Export Operations P&L Communication Training & Development Opportunity Identification & Capitalization

“I’m a solutions strategic architect, seeing the whole picture to solve complex challenges. What motivates and keeps me agile in evolving environments is providing impact to a company’s revenues, costs, employees and clients.”
Deliver game-changing results for global, multibillion-dollar clients
in Healthcare, Compute/Electronics, Fashion & Beauty industries, Manufacturing

PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT

VP/Sr. Director of Logistics Engineering, Solution Design, Project Management & Security of Supply Chain Mgmt., Arvato 2021-Present
Sr. Director of Strategic Manager and Systems Engineer, Supply Chain Management, Ingram Micro 2017 – 2021
Senior Solutions, Project Manager, Bastian Software Solutions 2014 – 2017
Supply Chain Manager, Solutions Project Manager, Deal Distribution International FZE 2009 – 2014

CERTIFICATIONS

Power of Team Culture – 2022 Six Sigma –Belt, 2017 Project Management Professional (PMP) Growth Mindset, 2022
Agile Organization, 2022 Creativity Toolkit – 2022 Supply Chain Solutions - SNS Supply Network Solutions 2010

EDUCATION

Master of International Business (IMBA) – Business Administration Southern New Hampshire University 2018
Bachelors of Science (BSE) in Engineering Wheeling Jesuit University 2008
Bachelors of Science (BS) in Business Administration (International Business & Law) Wheeling Jesuit University 2009
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

VP/SENIOR DIRECTOR OF LOGISTICS ENGINEERING, SOLUTION DESIGN, SECURITY, and PROJECT MANAGEMENT

Arvato Supply Chain – Louisville, KY 2021 – Present
Recruited to Create a new Engineering Department focusing on Planning, Realization and Local support, covering 13 warehouses across the United States. Requested to assume command of Solution Design and Project Management teams.

Designed & Launched 3 Warehouse with $215M Budget Created a New Engineering/PM Department Mentoring and Developing Team Culture/Engagement

Lead, Mentor, and Recruit: Guide a dynamic team to achieve optimal performance. Drive the recruitment of top-tier engineers and contributors, building synergistic teams that deliver above client expectations. Leading 48 direct reports
Steward of Financial Excellence: Oversee full P&L responsibilities, meticulously analyzing financial reports. Collaborate closely with financial controllers to ensure budget efficiency.
Operational Standards & Technological Advancements: Establish rigorous quality standards while spearheading technology evaluations and efficiency improvements. Stay updated on industry trends and best practices.
Three Warehouses: Designed, budgeted, and implemented three warehouses over 2 million square feet within 16 months. Budget help over $215Million.
Construction: Work with vendors on new strategic location and design from group up new sites.
Strategic Collaborations: Partner with sales, marketing, and financial teams to position the company at the market forefront and optimize organizational monetary practices.
End-to-End Project Excellence: Oversee project intake, solution design, and execution. Develop project management best practices, processes, and financial controls. Champion alignment with technological, security, and quality standards.
Relationship Building & Cross-Functional Synergy: Foster strong working relationships across various domains, both domestically and internationally.
Customer Relationship – serve as an executive relationship holder for both vendors and customer
Global Executive – work hand in hand with our global partners both in Europe, Asia and Middle east
Created PMO - a strategic approach, including defining key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure success and continuously refining operations based on feedback and evolving project needs.
Core Risk – constantly reviewing risk mitigation from a strategy and core value level
Board Representation – assisting board members in the evaluation of company strategy on a domestic and global level.

SR. DIRECTOR STRATEGIC MANAGER SYSTEMS ENGINEER, SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Ingram Micro – Louisville, KY 2017 – 2021
Recruited to deliver new warehouse build, after successful completion, partner with executive leaders across organization improving business units’ efficiency, solutioning, performance and warehouse, resource and logistics management.

Designed & Launched $18+M Warehouse Transformed Culture/Engagement Improved Revenues & Operations

Own Warehouse Build & Launch, Fully Operational 3 Months from Go Live: Develop execution plan: milestones, costs, resources, location, layout, automation, staffing and scheduling.
Skyrocket All-Time Low Morale and Transformed Corporate Culture: Using team building and engagement activities for improved staff development and retention. Requested by VP to partner with HR to duplicate success enterprise-wide. Created Team Wellness Committee actively integrating strategies in four sites across the US.
Streamline Decision Making for Expedited Results: Engage VP and Executive Director of Engineering, Operations in expel surplus approval channels for accelerated projects progress.
Eradicate Revenue Blocks in Less Than 60 Days: At request of Executive Director, evaluate sister site’s stalled performance and CPU issues, create, implement business development solutions for efficient production.
Deliver Despite Complexity: Orchestrate challenging near simultaneous go-live for client’s warehouses in Indiana and California, prioritize, organize and manage team to achieve both within two-weeks to client’s satisfaction.
Solve Logistical Problems: Across warehouse and transportation solving customer order drops by analyzing entire processes, reconfigured outbound processes in collaboration with carriers for more efficient processes.
Preparing and optimizing budgets. Working closely with the financial controllers on each and every monetary level

SENIOR SOLUTIONS, PROJECT MANAGER

Bastian Software Solutions – Louisville, KY 2014 – 2017
Recruited in unique matrix role combining project management scheduling, budgeting with systems solution design, implementation and onsite integration to support rapid growth. Quickly elevated to lead several major client initiatives:

Salvaged $78M Project Increased Process Precision 200% Tripled Operations Doubled Productivity

Reengineered Project for $11B International Manufacturer of Prestigious Skin/Haircare, Makeup, Fragrances: Assumed struggling project unable to meet deadline, conceptualized two-phase integration initiative coordinating client, company President, CEO, Account Executive for client approved solution that salvaged relationship.
Catapulted Accuracy From 30% to 90% for $76B Global Medical Devices, Pharmaceutical, Consumer Packaged Goods Manufacturer: Conducted consultation study and designing automated/manual process precision solution.
Co-Designed US Largest Autostore Robotic System For $4B International Designer, Manufacturer of Athletic Footwear and Accessories: Remediated 12-day schedule lag. New system delivered elevated pick accuracy, 98%+ replenishment with less labor while tripling operations to 200 E-commerce/700 wholesale per hour.
Streamlined $2.6B Computer Hardware, Consumer Electronics Online Retailer: Developed and implemented process reengineering that reduced product touches from 10 to 4, doubled throughput and warehouse productivity.
Added Revenue Stream in Partnership with $9B Chain of Convenience Stores: Rearchitected design for integration of crane system, software interface and influencing client to relinquish ownership of crane operations to company.
Forecasting and Variance Views: Create solid foundation in designing warehouse systems for customers by analyzing past data to forecast future growth based on identified patters.
Client Partner: Onsite with client stakeholders determining timelines, schedules, budgets and deliverables, maintain transparent and timely communication to build and maintain trust and accountability.
Build Team Cohesion: Guide developers, information analysts, conveyor/robotics operators in collaborative problems solving and breaking siloed responsibility mindset to elevate quality and efficiency.
Matrix Role: Managed project timeline, budget while performing testing, writing code/queries and install software.
Elevated Knowledge: Learned backend of software system interfacing, how WMS, WCS, WES created for customer.

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER, SOLUTIONS PROJECT MANAGER

Deal Distribution International FZE – Dubai, United Arab Emirates 2009 – 2014
Promoted to position after elevating as Executive Assistant with sister company. Transformed operations in six months by leading centralized customer order, database project that reaped significant rewards for company and clients.

Influenced Key Client Retention During Contract Negotiations Cut Equipment Costs 25% Reduce CPU 43%

Pivoted Operational Approach: Restructured focus across seven warehouses from a customer focus to strategic product focus by concentrating and combining similar products across clients into a shared warehouse.
Elevated Production: Once products were concentrated, warehouses achieved 25% reduction in monthly equipment costs, CPU reduction from $.43 to $.22 and a stabilized picking accuracy of 97% year-round.
Reduced Costs: System efficiency led to 10% reduction in labor force.
Salvaged Relationships & Revenues: Instrumental in company maintaining global accounts including world-renowned fashion industry client, resolved largest (55% of company revenues) client’s main concern which paved way for 5-year contract extension. Prior to changes, 16 contracts in negotiations, all re-signed after improvements.
Launched Automation: Defined current and future business requirements and customer needs to develop and lead Led $3.5M outbound processing automation project for increased revenues, reduced costs.
ISO 9001 Certified: Led certification efforts across SOPs and collaboration, earned certification in year and a half.
Solidified Staff: Restructured reporting structure to maximize employee talent, implement career planning and job guidance and improve performance across all levels, built future-focused leadership team.

“Joseph is the go-to subject matter expert for all things the Operations organization struggles accomplishing on their own… He is sought out by cross functional leadership (Executive Director and VP) to work on some of the most complex technology we have at Ingram because they know with his support that it will ensure success.” ~ Direct Manager, Ingram
Contact this candidate