Joseph M. Kaniecki Disaster Management Professio
ad9dar@r.postjobfree.com 443-***-**** Abingdon,
Disaster Management Professional with a distinguished record in organization, facilitation, and management of multi-million-dollar construction and recovery projects for federal, state, and local governments. A skilled project manager with success in leading complex projects from initiation to completion. Strong knowledge of forensic estimation of construction damage. Solid interpersonal skills leveraged to cultivate productive relationships with an array of key stakeholders.
Areas of Expertise include: preparing a variety of reports, information papers and briefings
compiling, reconciling, and correlating voluminous workload data from a variety of sources with different reporting requirements and formats
preparing project papers and staff reports
supporting the assessment, inspection and evaluation of disaster recovery processes, plans, standard operating procedures.
writing or editing technical materials, including reports of research findings, regulations in technical areas, technical manuals and specifications. Typical assignments performed:
preparing a variety of reports, information papers and briefings
compiling, reconciling, and correlating voluminous workload data from a variety of sources with different reporting requirements and formats
preparing project papers and staff reports
supporting the assessment, inspection and evaluation of disaster recovery processes, plans, standard operating procedures.
writing or editing technical materials, including reports of research findings, regulations in technical areas, technical manuals and specifications.

Professional Experience
ATCS, PLC/ Fluor • San Juan, PR • October 2018 to March 2019 1
PA Policy Analyst
Served in a policy advisement role in San Juan to ensure proper application of FEMA policies (e.g., eligibility, funding) to facilitate recovery after Hurricane Maria in Fall 2018. Processed applicant requests and verified required codes and verbiage were included for FEMA to determine approval of requests.
Key Accomplishments:
Monitored disbursement of FEMA funds to facilitate needed repairs of infrastructure and buildings.
FEMA - REGION VII • Kansas City, MO • December 2013 to March 2017 Emergency Management Specialist - Region VII
Advised key stakeholders on the effective delivery of disaster recovery programs and services to affected communities. Ensured delivery of needed support to individuals and communities. Drafted guidance documents to interpret laws, regulations, and policies to assist key decision-makers.
Key Accomplishments:
Identified and communicated recovery emergency management operating practices for key stakeholders to foster program support and government accountability.
Proposed solutions to address gaps in administrative efficiency to expedite execution of disaster recovery programs.
Organized and led construction and maintenance initiatives concerning structures, facilities, and systems.
Analyzed construction documents to ensure compliance with legal requirements and safety regulations.
The Louis Berger Group Inc. • Morristown, NJ • November 2012 to May 2013 Disaster Specialist/Private Contractor
Functioned within the State of New Jersey to coordinate disaster relief efforts for several townships post-Super Storm Sandy.
Key Accomplishments:
Engaged with local and county government issues to assess and report infrastructure and building damage.
Estimated total costs of labor, equipment, and material to facilitate and expedite repairs. ATCS, PLC. / Fluor • Dulles, VA • June 2007 to February 2012 Project Officer/FEMA
Conducted assessments and planned construction projects in the States of Missouri, Illinois, North Dakota, and Louisiana with mission of repairing bridges, roads, buildings, and culverts affected by damaging storms and their aftereffects. Key Accomplishments:
Consulted with government officials to review needs and assess damage.
Estimated and justified all proposed costs.
2
EA Engineering • Washington, DC • April 2007 to June 2007 Project Engineer/DC WASA Rock Creek Pumping Station Directed construction and inspection initiatives to drive rehabilitation of sewage lift in Washington, DC. Ensured timely reporting of project tasks, costs, and expenses. Key Accomplishments:
Monitored adherence to RFIs and RFPs, successfully reviewed and processed all change orders.

Selected previous roles include Project Officer FEMA at ATCS, PLC (Dulles, VA), Project and Construction Manager at Rohadfox Construction Control Services Corp.
(Atlanta, GA), and Various roles at Dewberry and Davis LLC (United States) Education & Professional Development
Associate of Arts, Business Administration
Catonsville College • Catonsville, MD
Certificates & Licenses
Debris Specialist Credential
3
Contact this candidate