Ahmad Alhendawi – Engineering Office Manager
Contact Information: Personal Information:
Mob1: 094*******, Mob2: 099******* Birth Date: 8 March 1978 Driving License: Syria Email: ad9dtw@r.postjobfree.com Nationality: Syria Marital Status: Married Address: Hama, Andalus Military Service: Cash payment has been paid Education:
Bachelor's degree in Electronics Engineering from Aleppo University – Syria at April 2003 Introduction & Definition:
A highly qualified engineer, having experience in engineering project management, management of all engineering offices and personal affairs, supervision of the projects stages implementation, following-up administrative & engineering for all disciplines and departments. Employment History and Experiences (22 Years):
Technical Office Manager: (From 2020 until Now)
At Alresala Engineering Office, Syrian Arab Republic – Hama. Manage the team of all engineering disciplines for many projects in KSA & UAE & SYRIA. Technical & Production Manager: (From 2018 until 2019) At the unified company for modern industries, manufacture and production of electrical appliances, Syrian Arab Republic – Hama:
Management and technical supervision on all the products of the company to achieve the satisfaction of the customer and the objectives of the company and the development of its products while maintaining the quality of the product and its efficiency, in addition to contact with international companies to import spare parts required by the latest international specifications. Senior Low Current Engineer: (From 2013 until 2017) At Saudi Binladin Group, Third Saudi Expansion Project of Makkah Holy Haram, Saudi Arabia To review and prepare all design and shop drawings and submitting it to the client for approval. To follow up all low current works and security system works with contractors at the project. To solve any problem or conflict may be happen during the installation works at the site and to find the best technical solutions that satisfy the client and verify the company scope of work. To handover the work inspection requests to client in professional manner and high quality. To study & prepare samples boards and MIRs with the contractors before submit to the client. To prepare all reports (Submittals, MOMs, WIRs, RFIs, SCRs, …) to the high management. Site Manager: (From 2012 to 2013)
At BT Advanced Operation & Maintenance, MOI Phase1 Expansion Project, Abha, Saudi Arabia To manage information technology project for all low current and integrated security systems: 1. Access Control System. 7. IP CCTV. 13. Microwave Intrusion Detection. 2. Audio Recording System. 8. Fire Alarm System. 14. Nurse Call System. 3. Audio Visual System. 9. Intercom. 15. Networks. 4. Building Management System. 10. IP Telephony. 16. Public Address System. 5. Road Blocker & Car Barrier. 11. IP TV. 17. UPS System. 6. Structured Cabling System. 12. GSM 18. Integration System. Senior Planning Engineer: (From 2008 to 2012)
At BT Applied Technology, MOI Phase1 Project, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Supervision and management all work orders in the project locations for the engineers
(By MAXIMO System - Oracle Data Base) and follow up all low current and security systems. Project Engineer: (From 2005 to 2008)
At International Computer Company, Construction and O&M Projects, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia To execute and follow all low current works in the construction projects through specialized team. To follow all maintenance works for the ELV systems in the O&M projects. Operation & Maintenance Engineer: (From 2004 to 2005) At Consultant for Computer Science Company, O&M Projects, Abha, Saudi Arabia. To execute and follow all operation & maintenance works for the ICT systems in the projects. To solve all technical problems and keep the systems working well. Engineer and Systems Trainer: (From 2002 to 2004)
At Computer Techniques Institute, Syria – Hama
Technical trainer of electronic systems and operating systems. Skills:
1- Management and Supervisory.
2- Acknowledge of IEEE & NFPA codes & TIA & IEC.
3- AutoCAD, Revit, Operating systems (Linux, Windows 7, 8.1, 10, Servers), MS Office Versions, MS Project, MS Visio, Computer Software. 4- Networks (CCNA Course) and Computer Maintenance. 5- Supervisor of cables installation :( Fiber Optical, S/UTP, Coaxial). 6- Programmer (Oracle DB, C++, VB, Delphi, Pascal, Assembly). 7- Communications skills and the ability to bear the pressure of work. 8- Work with all staff in the project as one team with good leadership. Languages:
1- Arabic: Native Language 2- English: Excellent.
Training and Certifications:
1. Certificate of MEP Revit course: at EMESSA ACADIMY, Syria - Hama 2022 2. Certificate of completion low current systems design course:at ENGOSOFT,KSA-Makkah 2016. 3. Certificate of complying Fire Fighting& Evacuation course:at Project Salama,KSA-Makkah 2016 4. Certificate of complying PPE & Welfare Facilities: at Project Salama, KSA – Makkah 2016 5. Certificate of attending PMP Course: at HRP Centre, KSA - Jeddah 2015. 6. Certificate of completion Primavera Course: at HRP Centre, KSA - Jeddah 2015. 7. Cisco Networks: at ICC, KSA - Jeddah 2006.
8. Certification in Oracle Data Base: at Almadar Institute for Computers & Languages, Syria - Aleppo 2001.
Memberships:
1- Engineers Syndicate in Syria. 2- Syrian Computer Society. 3- Saudi Council of Engineers.
Contact this candidate