William Smith
** ******* **
Wilmington, OH *****
ad9dha@r.postjobfree.com
610-***-****

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
A dynamic Project Superintendent/Project Manager with thirty years experience in a successful and diverse career providing Construction Management expertise.
Resourceful, goal oriented, and profit driven with a demonstrated ability to achieve and improve cost containment and enhance productivity. Hands-on manager with a unique ability to identify opportunities, develop strategies, and execute plans. Demonstrates capability to function effectively independently or as an integral part of a team effort. Coordinating and completing multi-faceted projects within strict time and budgetary constraints. Recognized as an effective problem solver with superior decision making, time management and analytical abilities. A self-directed and motivated individual with the capability to consistently achieve objectives.

AREAS OF STRENGTH:
Plumbing HVAC Electrical

Structural Masonry/Concrete

FUNCTIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Project & Operations Management:
●Prepare bids and estimates for construction, repair, and maintenance.
●Manage development for new multi-million dollar projects.
● Participate in all phases of site evaluation and selection by applying extensive knowledge.
●Prepare budget estimates for capital projects and supervise construction for projects acquired.
●Oversee project scheduling, co ordinations and cost control.
●Estimate and schedule high-dollar accounts as well as additional work scopes.
●Responsible for material purchasing, handling and verification.
●Organize and oversee production and maintenance procedures.
●Coordinate conceptual studies and designs for projects.
●Serve as liaison with government agencies to assure compliance of procedures
●Ensure quality work is achieved in a safe and timely manner
●Direct field staff of 150+ employees
●Interact with multi-disciplines in organization

Actalent Services 2024
Nestle Purina, Batavia, OH
Construction Manager
$550 million Pet Food Plant

ESI Constructors, Aurora IL 2021-2023
Construction Manager
$161 million Cattle Processing Plant

Perini Management Services Inc 2018-2020
Project Superintendent
$25 million WPAFB Medical Center
Remodeling of the chiller plant and installing new air handlers in the atrium, pharmacy and pediatrics. Three 150 ton chillers, cooling towers and associated controls and equipment were replaced. Installed new refrigerant detection system and water softener system.

Primus Builders, Woodstock, GA 2017-2018
Project Superintendent
$40 million Tyson distribution center in Macon, Ga.

Food Tech An Emcor Company, Rockland, MA 2016-2017
Construction Manager
$57 million WNY Cheese Plant in Pavilion, NY.
Insulated metal building with structural steel frame. Concrete bases for 7 silos, as well as all site work. Building includes offices, factory area loading docks and treatment plant.

RW Setterlin Building Company, Columbus, OH 2015-2016
Project Superintendent
$4 million library renovation project in Kettering, OH.
Demolition consisted of completely removing all underground utilities, storm sewers, sanitary sewer, water, gas and electric service and then installing all new utilities. Removed brick from existing building. Installed fifty wall reinforcements from footers to parapet. New brick on exterior of building as well as windows and store fronts. Inside all new HVAC, plumbing, and electrical systems. New landscaping, entrance and parking lot.

The Korte Company, Highland, IL 2015
Senior Project Superintendent
$46 million hotel project at the US Naval Station in Newport, RI
Completed all site work and footers.

One Source Facility Constructors L.L.C, Atlanta, GA 2012-2014
Senior Project Superintendent
$35 million Acme Seafood plant in Wilmington, North Carolina.
The project consists of steel frame structure and insulated panels. Two floors with elevated walk on ceiling at a 16 foot level over the processing area with 1500 panels. The process area below ceiling is all stainless steel piping with over 100 stainless steel drains. All insulated metal panels in the processing area. The refrigeration system has freezers and blast freezers -15 to -40 degrees. Glycol systems with 8000 lbs. of ammonia for the refrigeration system. There is a 2500 electric amp service, fire loop around building with hydrants and PIV valves, site lighting, underground storm sewers, sanitary sewers and manholes, curbing and blacktop parking lots and roads. In total 96 sq. ft. guard house, separate 1200 sq. ft. main office and total building 86,366 sq. ft.

T.B.Penick &Sons Inc., San Diego, CA 2011-2012
Project Superintendent
$14 million munitions project at the 180th Ohio Air National Guard in Swanton OH.
Eight new buildings were constructed (4 igloos, 2 concrete and 2 block/brick). Also installed new utilities and roads.

Perini Corporation, Framingham, MA 2008-2010
Senior Project Superintendent
$12 million pyrotechnics project, 500 Picatinny Army Arsenal, Dover N.J.
Specialized explosive proof building with 1 ft. thick concrete walls, lined with steel plating, non- conductive epoxy flooring with ground plates. Special HVAC system designed for exhausting explosive powders and eliminating sparks. Two fire systems, 1 wet sprinkler and 1 deluge system with cameras in milliseconds to pump water on the spot where explosive powder is mixed, if a problem occurs. Exterior site is on a hill next to a lake, so all run off water has containment in concrete inlets and run off to detention basins then to stilling basin before running into lake. Supervised and scheduled all on site work and manpower. Acted as safety officer and was part of all preparatory and initial meetings.

Primus Builders Inc., Woodstock, GA _ 2007-2008
Senior Superintendent
$6 million cold storage produce, McAllen, TX.
Removed racking worth $500,000 Taken off site to re-paint an bring back to re-install. Rework twenty dock doors.Issues with sanitary sewer not installed properly and had many traps in the main lines.Needed to re-designed 400’ of new sanitary sewer. New floors saw cut to re-install new lines.

Teaford Construction Company, Alpharetta, GA 2006-2007
Construction Manager
$10 million mill furnace and drying system, Louisiana Pacific, Hanceville, AL
Responsible for the overall construction management of projects as well as maintaining a line of communications between the customers, Responsible for the onsite employee hiring process, training and coaching of our foreman and superintendent. Teaford Construction Company specializes in the installation of saw mill and forest product mill furnaces and drying systems.

Triple H Construction,Ephrata, PA 2005-2006
Project Superintendent
$3 million West Fallowfield Christian School, Atglen, PA.
Managed and self performed additions plus renovations to existing school. Existing gym was turned into a two story building with added bathrooms and classrooms on each floor. Existing site work was changed to accept new parking lot, new gym addition and new retention pond. The new gym addition had a stage, new classroom, bathrooms and cafeteria. It also had a second floor for future classrooms.

Perley-Halladay, Inc., West Chester, PA 2004-2005
Project Superintendent
$10 million Quaker Maid Meats Plant #3, Reading, PA
Hired manage/supervise demolition and clean-up of an existing foundry on a three-acre site to make ready for plant #3 construction. Started with a demolition contractor and an environmental engineering staff. Existing site buildings were demolished and pollutants cleaned up. Meat processing facility consisting of a 44,000 sq. ft. two story structural steel metal span insulated building.

URS Corporation, Philadelphia, PA 2003-2004
Project Manager
$30 million Exeter Sr. High School, Exeter, PA
Managed five prime contracts for additions and renovation to Exeter Sr. High School. All new Astroturf athletic field, baseball field, and utilities to school. Four new parking lots with many more elevations of segmented block walls going as high as twenty feet. All new kitchen, classrooms, courtyard and stadium.

Reynolds Construction Management, Harrisburg, PA 2001-2003
Project Superintendent
$18 million Southern York School District, York, PA
Managing two schools side by side, 5th thru 8th grade. Five prime contractors for both projects. Projects consist of some new additions, extensive renovations and site work. Consult with school personnel and give construction reports to school board.

Reynolds Construction Management, Harrisburg, PA 1999-2001
Project Manager/Project Superintendent
$32 million Berks Career & Technology Center, Leesport, PA
Hired to manage staff of four on two job sites locations, approximately ten miles apart, managing twenty-eight contractors. Projects consisted of additions and renovations

Smith Construction Service, Emporium, PA 1992-1999
Consultant: Construction Management

Architects Project Representative 1997-1999
For Quad Three Group, Wilkes Barre, PA
$28 million new Central Mountain High School, Mill Hall, PA
Large site project seventeen feet of fill over half of school. All new site utilities. Gas and water main highway and river crossings. Conducted all progress meetings. Gave construction updates at board meetings every month.0 Managed seven prime contractors, 125 men at the peak of the job.

Architects Project Representative 1995-1997
For Quad Three Group, Wilkes Barre, PA
$22 million Shaler Intermediate High School, Pittsburgh, PA
Hired to troubleshoot project. Architects staff was experiencing difficulties, two men were requested to step down. Three of the schools head management staff were relieved of their duties. A construction management team was hired as owner, soil conditions and lean fill process along with mass modified 2A fill conditions lead the project to arbitration for owner and contractor. Contractor was claims oriented. I was able to stabilize the project and control to the end of architects’ contract

Owners Construction Manager
$7 million Woodland Elementary, Emporium, PA
Worked on a consulting basis for six months through Plan Con required by Pennsylvania Department of Education until bid awards. After that I was on the job full time as Construction Manager. Complicated scheduling for seven different phases of construction renovation and additions were completed on the time and within budget. Furniture planning and deliveries were done under my supervision. All schedules were met on time.

Owners Construction Manager 1993-1994
For city of Coudersport, PA
$550 thousand Human Resource building, Coudersport, PA
Job was at a stalemate for one year. I was hired to overcome public scrutiny at the County Commissioners meetings and get the job to the bidding process. This was accomplished in three months.

Bradford Hospital, Bradford, PA 1990-1992
Construction Manager
$18 million construction and renovation project, Bradford, PA
Demolition renovation and the addition of a new wing. New wing included four operating rooms, diagnostic imaging floor and patient rooms. I received a pay increase at midpoint to show appreciation towards a job well done.

Gilbane Building Company, Providence, Rhode Island 1988-1990
Senior Resident Engineer
$20 million Manasota Mail Processing Center, Sarasota, Florida
Supervised a staff of six resident Engineers. First design/build project ever performed by the U.S.P.S. in the southern region. Management style and procedure have been recognized and are being duplicated and demonstrated for future projects. The success of this project and the money saving aspects that have been obtained are considered to be a managerial achievement. This project was featured in E.N.R. magazine.

Gilbane/Svedrup Joint Venture, Norman, Oklahoma 1988
Project Superintendent/Mechanical Coordinator
$20 million United States postal Service Training Center, Norman, Oklahoma
Supervised the H.V.A.C., kitchen, elevators, irrigation work, fire pumps, sprinkler systems and lift stations. Project was completed on time and within budget complimenting entire management team. Outstanding performance on this project resulted in promotion to Senior Resident Engineer in Charge of Construction.

Turner Construction Company, Pittsburgh, PA 1986-1988
Project Superintendent
$4 million Clark Candy Co. manufacturing, relocation and renovation project.
Fast track project with two critical move-in dates with liquidated damages. Solely responsible for the coordination of scheduling eighty Turner employees and seventy employees of the Clark Candy company. Both completion dates were met on time with no liquated damages and within budget.

Turner Construction Company, Pittsburgh, PA 1986-1988
Project Superintendent
$6 million Greenville Regional Hospital project, Greenville, PA
Project included two new separate building additions adjoining six existing floors and fifteen different phases of demolition and renovation, plus a complete new laboratory and kitchen which served 800 daily. Renovation and asbestos removal was done without interruption of daily operations. Complex coordination phase in kitchen included the installation of freezers and coolers along with equipment and the relocation of existing equipment.

EDUCATION

International Correspondence School-Plumbing & Heating
Construction Resolution-Washington, D.C.
Marketing & Sales-Ridge & Kingsberry Home Companies-Pennsylvania
Cameron County High School-Emporium, Pennsylvania

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS

Vice President-Local Builders Association. Started the association which is affiliated with Pennsylvania’s Builders Association.

CERTIFICATION

Procore Superintendent Certificate
US Army Corps of Engineers NAVFAC CQM-C Certificate
ASHE Health Care Construction (HCC) Certificate
OSHA 10 & 30
Heart saver First Aid CPR AED Program
HAZWOPER training

REFERENCE
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate