














































 

OBJECTIVE           I want to seek a long term association with an organization where 

continuous learning is emphasized. Would grow professionally by learning  

from the organization and giving the best of my analytical skills and 

technical knowledge to serve the objective of growth, customer 

satisfaction and service quality of the same.  

WORK   

EXPERIENCE   Codifyd India                                                              

                          (Since-Sep 2017 till date)  

Developing analytics models, digital transformation roadmaps, and ad hoc 

analyses across Digital Analytics, User Experience, and Master Data 

Management in B2B & CPG ecommerce verticals  

  

PROJECTS  

       

•                                      

Developed deep analysis of online customer activity using R, Excel, 

and Tableau across client markets via Google Analytics source data 

(350,000+ Sessions/day).  

  

• 

Designed new methods of customer segmentation and quantitative 

approaches to ecommerce enterprise search engine result tuning 

via Apache Solr that were implemented across global client 

analytics teams.  

 

• 

Designed a Crawler for an entire B2B e-commerce website for the 

product information at SKU level data using Python(BeautifulSoup). 

Furthermore, Scrapped and modified the extraction using  

Exceptional Handling and used Multi-Threading and Multi-processing 

for faster processing utilizing the maximum CPU power. 

(Independent Project)  

 

 

An algorithm which uncovers the hidden thematic structure in 

document collection on top of a large volume of unlabeled text. 

Based on the description of Items for one of the largest distributor 

of playing cards our motive is to identify the underlying “topics” 

that organizes the collection and classify a new Item among the 

underlying topics and predict its sales beforehand.  

 

 

      

  

Address :   B/ 306 ,   Chandra Apartment,   
Devidas Road ,   
Mumbai   
  

  

      
debdeep .i.dey@gm ail.com   

  
      

+ 919883265557   

Debdeep Dey   



                           Axis My India                                                                      

                                (Dec 2016 - June 2017)                                                                         

Being associated with the credible name in the domain of Market Research 

& Survey, pioneered the methodology for Election Surveys with the 

‘Seatby-Seat’ prediction.  

  

PROJECTS     

Worked with a leading News Channel in India for 7 projects including 5- 

State assembly election (U.P, Punjab, Goa, Manipur, Uttarakhand) and 

BMC and Delhi Municipal Corporation. In all of the projects got 

appreciation from the Client as we were the sole organization who got 

90%+ accuracy in all the projects.  

  

  

EDUCATION           

 Executive Certification Program in ‘MARKETING ANALYTICS AND 
CUSTOMER VALUATION’ from IIM Kashipur, 2017.  

  

 PGDM in ‘BIG DATA ANALYTICS' from Indian Institute of Social 
Welfare and Business Management in 2016 with 68%.         
  

 B.Sc.(hons.) in Computer Science with 51% from University of Calcutta 

with Mathematics and Electronics.   

  

 Certified by Google in Google Analytics (GAIQ) in Oct-2017.                            

SKILLS               

• Knowledge of MS-OFFICE, IBM-SPSS, ORACLE, C, C++.   

• Proficient working with 'R' and Python.   

• Basics of HADOOP (PIG, HIVE, HDFS).  
• Apache Solr (as enterprise search engine optimization).  

• Google Analytics.              

OTHER   

PROJECTS               MARKET BASKET ANALYSIS (using apriori algorithm in R).      

Our objective is to propose an idea of a recommenders’ system that can 

efficiently recommend the user various Music Artists through 

advertisements that they would prefer to listen and are mostly likely to 

buy.  

 

Recommendation System (using collaborative filtering in R)  

Utilizing each customer's unique behavior to provide a personalized 

shopping experience taking the users as a central entity  

  

                          Imbalanced Classification on R  

                            Project description  

1.Hypothesis generation according to a stated problem.  

2.Data exploration and cleaning (missing value imputation).  

3.Data Manipulation a.k.a Feature Engineering.  

4.using Imbalanced techniques - Oversampling , Undersampling , SMOTE  

5.Building model using Naive Bayes and increasing accuracy by XGboost  

6.Taking out top 20 features  

7.AUC threshold  

  

  

REFERENCES          References available upon request.  


