

















































	Seema Yadav
	Email
	ya.seema0424@gmail.com

	
	Mobile
	+91-8805068783/8149984804

	
	Permanent Address
	Flat no. 103,Om Shiv Jagdamba  Apt.
 C-block Road, Ulhasnagar-Kalyan 421001. Dist-Thane.

	



CAREER GRAPH:

	Current Organization:
	Jardine Lloyd Thomson India Pvt Ltd

	Position Held:
	Senior Associate

	Period:
	July 27, 2015 - Till Date.

	CTC :
	3,39,000  p.a.

	Responsibilities:
	

	


Highlights:

	· Analyzing and reconciling contributions data and funds received from various clients.
· Ensuring Deadlines and targets are met along with quality and Brainstorming on new Ideas & solutions with the Team Manager in case of any challenges faced to meet the same.
· Query handling & mentoring.
· Preparing competency reports of new joiners, basis Timesheet and QAMS dump and provide regular updates regarding the same to the Team Manager.
· Member of Designed process map.
· Conducting calibration meets for all the team members.
· Liaising with UK counter parts for queries and issues.
· Managing WIP and allocating work in the absence of manager.

· Have worked on a critical project called complaint team with the help of minimal amount of training & supervision, this helped in facilitating refunds of many members payment  that were due for more than a year.
· Pro-actively learning various critical processes and ensuring client specifications are met.
· Analyzing rejection sheet to identify focus areas, and plan the improvement strategies basis the same.




	Organization:
	Altisource Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

	Position:
	Specialist, Valuation Operations.

	Period:
	July, 2013 – July ,2015

	KRAs & Highlights:
	

	
	· Being responsible for delivering the daily volume allocated to self.
· Keeping the approval rate above the defined levels to avoid penalty.
· Maintained 100% score on quality front for 18 consecutive months.
· Maintained the average ranking in top 5% during the whole tenure. 




	Organization:
	Firstsource

	Position Held:
	Customer Service Executive.

	Period:
	August, 2012 - June, 2013

	KRAs & Highlights:
	
· Providing customer support to the Axis Bank’s customers.

	 
	· Recognized as the Best Overall Trainee during the training period.
· Received various accolades for being the best performer in resolve rate, productivity & CSAT.
· Acknowledged as the Most Dedicated Employee of the Team due to no leaves/unplanned absenteeism in two quarters.



	STRENGTHS  AND  ACHIVEMENTS

	
· Won twice ACE Performer for the month of January 2017 and May 2017
· Achieved highest rating of 5 in the last 3 appraisal.
· Won Spot award for achieving highest production.
· Top performer in the month of August 2016 for maintaining 100% quality and production.   

	· Ability to guide, motivate and upscale the low performers by mentoring them.

	· Ability to accept challenging assignments with cooperative, positive & team-oriented attitude.



	CAREER OBJECTIVE



To work with an organization of global repute with a healthy & result oriented work culture at a position where I am able to put into practice my strong operations skills gained in a work experience of almost 4 years with a committed, hard working and dedicated attitude.

	EDUCATIONAL RECORD

	
	
	

	Degree/Certificate
	University/Board
	Score

	Bachelor of Accounting & Finance III
	Mumbai University
	82%

	SBachelor of Accounting & Finance II
	Mumbai University
	76%

	Bachelor of Accounting & Finance I
	Mumbai University
	81%

	HSC (Std. XII)
	Maharashtra Board of Secondary & Higher Education
	83%

	SSC (Std. X)
	Maharashtra Board of Secondary & Higher Education
	84%

	
	
	



	PERSONAL DETAILS

	
	

	Name
	Seema U. Yadav

	Date of birth
	24th April, 1992

	Gender
	Female

	Marital Status
	Single

	Languages known
	English, Hindi & Marathi.

	Hobbies
	Listening Music, playing games.




Hereby, I Declare that the above given information are correct and belongs to me only.
Date :                        Place: 

Seema U. Yadav

