
































ARAVINDHAN.S 
                                                        Email id :praveenaravind91@gmail.com 
                                                        Mobile No : +91-9597137475 
   

 

 

Objective: 

 

I would like to be in an environment where I can work with the best talents in the areas of Software Testing and 

Quality Assurance, where every assignment would be a challenging and rewarding experience.  

 

 

Experience Summary:  
 

 Working as a Software Test Engineer in Camberwell Technologies ,  Chennai  From Aug’ 2015 
To Till Date  

 

Professional Summary:  

 Having 2.7 Years of Experience in Software Manual Testing 

 Good in Testing Technology Such as Black Box Testing 

 Involved entire process of Functional Testing 

 Proficient in Manual Testing, Bug Tracking System  and Issues handling 

 Involved in  Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Integration Testing and System Integration Testing 

 Have very good experience in Test Cases, Execution of Test Cases and Defect tracking 

 Reporting software bugs Using Defect Tracking Tool 

 Involved on the Domain of Finance, ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) and Banking  

 Involved in different Phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) 

 Having Database Testing experience on MySQL 

 Basic Knowledge of QTP Automation Tool 

 Having  Experience  in Bug Tracking Tool Quality Centre 9.0 and Mantis 

 Good interpersonal skills, commitment, result oriented, hard working with a quest and zeal to learn new 

technologies and undertake challenging task 

 

Academic Qualification:  

 

 B.E(EEE) in C.Abdul Hakeem College of Engineering under the affiliation of Anna University 
 

 

 
 

 



 

Technical Skills: 

  

      Automation Tools             :         QTP 10.0  
Bug Tracking Tools       :    Quality Centre 9.0, Bugzilla, Mantis 

 Databases   : MySql, Microsoft SQL Server  

 Operating System  : MS-Windows XP/7/8.1 

 

Project Profile:  

Project 1: 
 

Project Name  :  E- Banking Application 
Technologies              :  ASP .Net  With  C#,  SQL Server 2008 
Domain  : Banking Domain  

Team Size  : 7 

Role :  Software Test Engineer 

  

 

 

Project Description:  

The main objective of this project is to combine Banking, Insurance and Capital market into single application, where as 

banking plays a vital role. It includes Loan origination, Online Banking and Broker Commission. I am working for online 

banking. This software supports customer to apply for Mobile Banking, debit card, fund transfer and users can view their 

statements. 

The main aim of online banking is to provide online banking services to the banking customers. It involves 

various level of interaction between the Bank and its customers and provide the customers of the bank with necessary 

interface to avail banking facilities on net. The network allows banks and banking customers to transfer funds 

electronically. The system is secure, private network that connects Bank to another by the way of the operators, which 

enables electronic payments such as automatic debits and credits.  

Responsibilities: 

 

 Understanding on Business requirements, analyzing the business need 
 Understanding the Test Plan.  
 Identifying the Test Scenarios. 
 Writing Test Cases according to the Functional Specifications.  
 Preparing the Test Data for the Test Cases and Executing the GUI Test Cases and Identifying the Bugs.  
 Reporting the Bugs and Tracking the Bugs and Closing the Bugs 
 Interact with Team Leader about the Confirmation for the Test Cases and Test Data and Make 

Conclusion.  

 

Project 2: 
 

              Project Name  :  Budget Tracker 
              Technolgies                            : Java, J2EE with MySQL 

              Domain                             :  Finance  
              Team Size                            : 7 

              Role                            :  Software Test Engineer 



 

  

Project Description:  

 This Finance management software is used to manage information about personal financial activities between a 

person or organization to the other person. The scope of this project is to maintain the financial transaction details of the 

company. User cannot do any real time transaction here. Users can make their transaction virtually for their payees based 

on categories. Accounts can be created with the help of bank; this application supports more than hundred banks. User 

will register the bank account number and details in the software and create a new account for the company. User can 

schedule their payments at correct time and all types of reports are generated. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 
 Analyzing the business requirements 
 Understanding the Test Plan.  
 Writing Test Cases according to the Functional Specifications.  
 Executing Test Cases to validate the Functionality  
 Involved in GUI,Functionality, Integration Testing, Retesting & Regression Testing 
 Preparation of Defect report using Defect Tracking Tool 
 Reporting the Bugs to the Development Team Members and track the bug fixing. 
 Make the Conclusion for the Modules Details and reporting to the TL about the status of the application. 

 

 

Project 3: 

 

Project Name :  Hospitalization Mangement Application 
             Technologies                           :            ASP .Net, C# and SQL Server 2008 

Domain                                       :            ERP Domain  

             Team Size                            :            10 

             Role                            :            Software Test Engineer 

 

 

Project Description:  

The main scope of the hospital management system is to integrate different domain into a single system within the 

hospital. It integrates departments such as Accounts, Human Resources, Doctors, Patient, and Inventory. It includes 

registration of patients, storing the details into the system and also computerized billing in the pharmacy and labs. Our 

software has facility to give a unique id for every patient and stores the details of each patient and staff automatically. It 

includes a search facility to know the current status of each room. User can search availability of doctor and the details of 

a patient using the id. The hospital management system can be entered using a username and password. It is accessible 

either by administrator or receptionist. Only they can add the data into the database. The data can be retrieved easily. The 

interface is very user friendly data as well as protected for personal use and the data processing very fastly. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

  
 Analyzing the business requirements 
 Understanding the Test Plan.  
 Writing Test Cases according to the Functional Specifications.  
 Executing Test Cases to validate the Functionality  
 Involved in GUI,Functionality, Integration Testing, Retesting & Regression Testing 
 Preparation of Defect report using Defect Tracking Tool 
 Reporting the Bugs to the Development Team Members and track the bug fixing. 
 Make the Conclusion for the Modules Details and reporting to the TL about the status of the application. 

 



 

 

 

 

Personal Information: 

 

Current Designation   : Software Test Engineer 

 

Date of Birth    :  31/05/1991 
 

Marital Status     : Single 

 

Languages Known   : English, Tamil  

 

 

Present address :  No.36 Rameswaram St., T. Nagar Chennai-17 
       

 

 

Declaration: 

 

 

 
                  I hereby declare that the above information's are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.  

 

 

 

Date :  

Place    :    Chennai                                         Yours Faithfully,  
  

                                                                                                                                   

                                                                                                                                     ARAVINDHAN.S 
 


	Technical Skills:
	Project Profile:
	Responsibilities:

