


















































India Resume Format

	Curriculum Vitae
	ARUNSHANKAR K
	
Velshankar13@gmail.com
9025622993



ARUNSHANKAR K
Carrier Objective
I wish to pursue my career in Finance & Banking sector; and work with a team of experienced professionals where I can utilize my knowledge and skills to gain personal experience and exposure in the corporate sector while contributing to the company.

	Education and Certifications
	

	Title of the Degree 
	College/University
	Year of Passing
	Aggregate (%)

	M.Sc (STATISTICS)

B.Sc (STATISTICS)

HSC (State Board)

SSLC (State Board)

	UNIVERSITY OF MADRAS

LOYOLA College, Chennai  

SHNV Higher Secondary 
School

SHNV Higher Secondary 
School

	2015

2013

2010

2008

	62

56

75.6

61.2

	Technical Skills
	

	Technology
	SPSS
	

	Programming Languages
	C, R
	

	Databases
Query Languages
	MS-Access
Basic SQL
	

	Scripting Languages
	 HTML

	

	Certifications


2012                        Certification in Leadership & Soft Skill Development.

	Non Technical Skills


Soft Skills		Good communication & Presentation skill
Strength		Confidence& Leadership
	Post Held
2012               Team Leader in Community Services (Old Age Welfare Group)
2012-2013      Joint-Secretary in Department Of Statistics, LOYOLA College, Chennai



	Projects


	Project #1 
Title 		Data analysis & Future Prediction 
Company          Vaigai Logistics pvt Ltd
Tools 		MS EXCEL, SPSS
Period 		Dec 2012 – Jan2013 
Project #2
Title 		Analysis of Port Data using Regression Analysis
Company	Chennai Port Trust
Tools		MS EXCEL, R Language.
Period 		May2014 – June2014
Project Objective and Description
>Collecting last Five years data and analysis future prediction.
>In the completion of our project, we had a suggestion that, to build a new berth, which helps to improve the standard of the port.
Project #3
Title                A STUDY ON ROBUST CONTROL CHARTS	
Tools               MS EXCEL, R Language.                                                                                    Period             OCT2014-APR2015                                                                          
Institution   university of madras
Project Objective and Description:
>To understand robustness
>Understand robust location and scale measures
>Developing robust control charts&Comparing it with non-robust control charts



	


Work Experience

Worked in Barclays Shared Services as a Process Advisor from 10th Sep 2015 to 27th Sep 2016.

Worked in Quatrro Global Services as Senior Fraud Analyst from 28th sep 2016 to till date.



Roles & Responsibilities in BSS

	Process
	Specialization

	Merging
	Merging the data to correct customer to proceed with further process

	Account Freezing
	Cancellation of all direct debits , standing orders, cheque book , credit book , debit & credit card , Converting Joint into sole account for survivor account. 

	Dormant accounts 
	Checking for account in Dormancy and to transfer into current account of the customer 

	Generating statements
	Generating Tax statements & Balance on specific date requested by the customer 

	Credit & debit card cancellation  
	Debiting fund from customer accounts based upon this debit balance in card & vice versa in credit card  

	Document Verification 
	Checking of documents to Proceed with transfer of funds to customer’s relative.


	Fund Transfer
	Checking of whether all refunds like Pension payments are paid and proceed with closure of accounts




In Quattro Working under the Process Of Credit Card Recovery,						
In CCSU working Under the Three Processes, Business Card set Up, Credit Card set Up, Euro pay Master Visa)						
BCSU						
Working under the Team of BCSU, Firstly we check whether the A/C is is Business Card or Consumer Card, if it is a business card then we validate declined authorization, Amount not yet posted, Posted Txn,mc credit, Cb credit and create a memo posted in customer a/c..	
EMV						
Working Under the Team of EMV, Firstly we have to check whether the A/c is $5 dollar above or not then check whether the A/c is above $ 50 dollar or not then we have to check the loss type, check whether the amount is having cb rights or not, then taking cb credit. (if we are taking cb credit in offline then we have to upload the questionnaire form in vrol) 	


CCSU						
Working under the team of CCSU, we have three Division, CCSU, CCSU-TOTT,RETAG..						
In CCSU we have to check the loss type, TDA, ANP, ANP,Posted txn, 	auto pay A/C or not
in CCSU-TOTT, first we have to check Customer Memo,if Customer Saying that any tott txn then we have to tag the tott txn,and check the taggd txn are Qualified or not,						
in Retag, we rechecking the a/c and paste the memo in a/c…							
	Personal Profile


 Name	ARUNSHANKAR K
 Date of birth	22 – February – 1993
 Permanent Address	2/2326, Grahathayammal Nagar, Vembakottai Road,
	Sivakasi –626123, Tamilnadu, India.
 Temporary Address     1/998 plot no 6, New kuberan nagar 4th sreet,
	Madipakkam, Chennai-600091
Nationality	Indian
Marital Status	Single
Mobile No.	9176363244
Current Drawn Salary   2.2 LPA
Expected salary            as per Industry Norms
Preferred location        Chennai
Current location        	 Chennai
Notice period      	Nil
Total years of exp	3 Years
 (ARUNSHANKAR K)


	
	Page 1 of 4
	Dated: 07/25/18



