














































 

Gowtham K 

Gauthamvignesh95@gmail.com                                                                          9566234915 

SUMMARY: 
 

Accomplished accounts payable executive with a high degree of professionalism 

and strong problem resolution capabilities. Self-motivated accounts payable 

executive offering a strong work ethics and determination to complete tasks in a 

timely manner. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE – IN BRIEF: 

Name of the company : Cognizant Technology Solutions 

Designation   : Senior Process Executive  

Experience   : Since 10th August 2015 till date  

Application                      : SAP 7.4 

JOB DESCRIPTION – IN DETAIL: 

Accounts Payable: 

Process includes Invoice processing, daily, weekly & monthly reports, 

Auditing, GR-IR reconciliation, Vendor clearance, Payment rejection, GR-IR 

clearance, Metrics, E-mail handling. 

Responsibilities: 

 Handling invoice processing in both Paper and VIM of over 22 countries. 

 Performing 100% quality check on the invoices to ensure no duplicates/ 

wrong vendor payment. 

 Allocation of urgent invoices and normal invoices to the team. 

 Allocating the Absentees workflow cases to the team to ensure there 

should be no SLA misses. 

 Responsible for queries and taking prompt action by contacting the 

customer via e-mail and call. 

 



 Preparing monthly and Weekly metrics and discuss the same with the 

Top level management and the customers. 

 Handling client e-mails of over 22 countries and responds them on the 

same day. 

 Analysing payment blocks in order to release payment on correct due 

date without any delay in payments. 

 Handling Snow ticket/Finance Ticket and resolve them on same day. 

 Performing GR-IR analysing. 

 Performing GR-IR Reconciliation. 

 Handling Payment rejection and make sure that the payment has been 

made to the vendor. 

 Handling payment precision. 

 Responsible for FI Park, MM Park and GR-IR booking. 

KEY ROLE: 

 Worked with SAP testing team to implement new VIM (Vendor invoice 

management) process for Switzerland, Denmark and United states. 

Query Management:  

 Actioning the incidents raised by the client for the invoice and payment 

queries, etc.,  

AP REPORTS: 

 Responsible for the daily, weekly and monthly reports submitting it to the 

client and Management on the stipulated time. 

Daily Report 

On the daily basis, a report will be executed to identify the invoices which have been 

processed, rejected & pending for approval. Initiate the investigation to found the reason for 

the rejection and pending invoices ensure reprocessing the invoice correct. 

Weekly Report 

 Weekly Metrics. 

 Total inflow status Report. 

 Manual payment execution Report. 

 Vendor open item review Report. 

 



Monthly Report 

 On demand Activity report. 

 GR-IR reconciliation. 

 Monthly Metrics. 

 Payment precision.  

REMOTE TRANSITION: 

 Successfully handled Payment Rejection Transition process for Polestar via Remote. 

 Successfully handled VIM execution process for Sweden and Singapore. 

Academic Qualification: 

 B.com with 62% – A.M Jain College – 2015. 

 HSC with 74% - P.S Higher secondary school – 2012. 

 SSLC with 60 % - P.S Higher secondary school – 2010. 

Computer skills: 

 

Languages known: 

 

Personal Details: 

D.O.B             :  27-06-1995 

Father’s name            :  Kasinathan T 

Mother’s name  :     Anusiya K 

Marital status            :         Single 

Address  :            25/13, Adanjan street, mandaveli, Chennai 28 

 

Arts and graphics Presentation Spread sheet Word processing 

Adobe Photoshop Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft excel Microsoft word 

Language Read Write Speak 

English       

Tamil       



Declaration: 

I hereby confirm that the particulars mentioned above are true and fair to the best of my 

knowledge. 

Date: 

Place:                                                                                      Signature 

 

 


