














































     

                                                                       

 

 

                                                                                                                    

 

  

Organized and efficient HR Associate highly skilled in Recruitment, Sourcing, Telephonic Interview, office 

administration data organization, Training Coordination, MIS and well established in administrative 

environment. Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers professional growth 

while being resourceful, innovative and flexible as a Professional. 

 
+91-9437901604 biswalanandita@gmail.com                                          

 

Recruitment

 
Sourcing & Telephonic Validation 

 
Training Coordination 

 

Invoice Processing Settlement 

 

MIS 

 

MS-Word, Excel & PowerPoint 

 

Record Maintenance 

 
Feedback Collection & Dovetail  

 

 

 

  

Key Skills 

Academia 

 
PGDM 

 

From 

 

Regional College of 

Management, 

Bhubaneswar 

2018 

B.Com (Honours) 

 

From 

 

Ravenshaw University 

Cuttack 

 
 

 

12th 

 

From 

 

Ravenshaw Junior 

College, Cuttack 

 

 

10th  

 

From 

 

   S.S.V.M, College 

Square, Cuttack 

 

 

 
2009 2006 2004 

 

 

Anandita Biswal 

 

 

 Coordinate in various training programs of FSO 
to Manager Level for current organisation. 

 Collecting and maintaining the Feedback after 
each training program for content review and 

development. 

 End to End Recruitment process, sourcing, 
validating, interview scheduling, document 

verifying, creating offer letter, MIS 

maintenance, etc. 

 Preparation of various kinds of MIS for 
evaluation of the manpower of each individual 

segment. 

 Coordinate with the vendor for invoice and 
process it for further payment. 

 Making the list of target participant for the 
training and coordinate to achieve the target 

maydays’ for each quarter. 

 Profile Summary 

Present Address: 

42/7, NSC Bose Road 

Tollygunge, Kolkata 

West Bengal. 

 

 

 

Permanent Address: 

C/o: Sarat Chandra Biswal 

Tarol, Jagatpur, 

Cuttack, Odisha-754021 

 

D.O.B:22
nd

 May 1993 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Exide Industries Limited, Kolkata 

HR Trainee                                                                                                                                                     9 Months 

Key Result Areas: 

 Focused on developing manpower planning using Excel. 

 Involved in different kind of MIS (Training coverage/Target Participant/Manpower Database of different 

segment to understand the vacancy) related to Human Resources of the organization. 

 Preparation of training content for the Trainer on need with the help of PowerPoint. 

 Preparation of training calendar for each quarter. 

 Coordinated with the Vendors, Trainers and Participants to execute the training program. 

 Processing of Invoice and Payment settlement. 

 Collection of the feedback form from the participants after the program. 

 Dovetail the data to concern MIS as a part of record maintenance. 

 Assignment of new course to the participants. 

 
 
 St. Xaviers High School, Jagatpur, Cuttack  

Admin. Assistant                                                                                                                                            1.5 Years   

Key Result Areas: 

  Organised forms, made photocopies, Filed records and prepare reports. 

 Scanned documentation and entered into the database. 

 Produce monthly reports and maintaining students records using advanced Excel Spreadsheet. 

 Added new material to file records and created new records. 

 Entered numerical data into database in a timely and accurate manner 

 
 
 Internship Program  

 Summer Internship Program- Project on Manpower Planning of the Factories based in the production capacity 

at Exide Industries Limited, Kolkata, West Bengal from May-2017 to June-2017. 

 Intern with Reliance Retail limited, Bhubaneswar. 

Skills 

 Completed learning INTERNET, COMPUTER FUNDAMENTAL course from Softech, Cuttack. 

 Familiar with Internet, Windows Operating System, MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint. 

 

 

Professional Experience 

Exide Industries Limited, Kolkata 

HR Associate                                                                                                                           1st-July-18 to Till Date 

Key Result Areas: 
 

 Filling vacancy, Recruitment, CV Sourcing, Telephonic Validation. 

 Interview scheduling and coordinate with the both the parties. 

 Document Verification and Offer letter creation. 

 Maintain MIS for the Offer and New Joinees. 

  

 

 
 

 

Reference 
 Mr. Abhinash Nayak 

Head-Automotive Service  

Exide Industries Ltd 

Ph.7763816814 

 Dr. Priti Ranjan Majhi 
Principal, Regional College 

of  Management. 

Ph.9337663411 


