













































Harnath




         CURRICULUM VITAE
Purvodaya Boyapati
Mobile No: 9620344261

E-mail: boyapatipurvodaya@gmail.com


Objective: 

To pursue a challenging career in the area of Finance Systems and to be a part of a progressive Organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills and reach pinnacle in this field.
Education:

	COURSE
	COLLEGE
	UNIVERSITY/

BOARD
	YEAR OF PASSING
	PERCENTAGE

	Degree(B.com computers)

	Sri srinivasa Degree college,
Madanapalli
	Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati
	2008
	62.0

	Intermediate
(C.E.C)
	Siddartha jr. College, 

Madanapalli
	Board of Intermediate Education
	2005
	60.0

	S.S.C
	Gnanodaya High School, Madanapalli
	Board of Secondary Education
	2003
	56.5


Experience: 

Present working in Fidelity National financial as a process analyst for the past six months in Bangalore.

Roles & Responsibilities:

· Maintain books of accounts.
· Preparation of funds flow and cash flow analysis on monthly basis.

· Involved in preparation of half yearly and yearly financial statements like P&L and balance sheet accounts

· Calculate VAT.

· Preparing bank reconciliation statements.
· Posting of daily business transactions.

· Posting the month end activities. 
Project: 

Title
: A study on Financial Analysis. 
Duration

: 3 months

Role


: Analyze the financial position of the company.
Firm


: Eps Designs India Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad
Description:


Financial analysis is the process of analyzing financial strengths and weak nesses of the company. By using the different tools we analyze the financial position of the company. The important financial tools are funds flow analysis, ratio analysis, trend analysis, cash flow analysis.
          With the help of the funds flow analysis we analyze the inflow and out flow of the funds to the organization and we analyze sources and applications of the   funds to the company, by using the ratio analysis we analyze liquidity position and solvency position of the company, and also we analyze numerical and arithmetical relation ship between the two variables. With the help of cash flow analysis we analyze in flow and out flow of the cash to the organization
SAP Key Skills:
General FI:

Configuring Organizational Elements like Company Code and Business Areas, Creating and Maintaining of  Master data - Chart of Accounts, Fiscal year variant, Posting period variant, Tolerance groups, Account Groups, Field Status definitions, Field Status Variant, account groups, GL master data, Posting Periods, Document Types and Document Number ranges, Posting Keys.
Accounts Receivable / Accounts Payable:

            Creating and Maintaining AR / AP Master Records, Account Groups, Defining Number Ranges for AR / AP Accounts, Defining Tolerance Groups for Company code, Vendors/Customers for payments, Defining Terms of Payments for Vendors/Customers, Performing Special G/L Transactions.
Periodic Processing:

Automatic payment program with clearing of open items, Automatic dunning program for creating dunning notices, interest calculation and correspondence.
Transaction Posting:

Posting Documents like G/L documents, invoice booking, reversing documents, clearing procedures, Posting with clearing, Sample Documents, Account Assignment Model etc.
Technical Skills
      


· Operating System:


Windows 98, 2000, XP
· Programming Languages:

Sap Ecc6.0, EE4.7, Tally ERP 9.0.
Personal details
Father name

-
B. Venkata reddy
Date of birth

-
25-12-1986
Marital status

-
Single

Gender

-
Male

Hobbies

-
Net surfing, Solving Puzzles
Language known
-
English, Telugu.
Declaration

I do here by declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Bangalore








Date: 01-12-2011






[PURVODAYA.B]
