







































CURRICULUM-VITAE

	SAURABH SATISH APARAJIT
	Jagnath Budhwari,
Near Old Kailash Cinema 

Nagpur, Maharashtra
Mobile-09021604602
E-mail: saurabh12@imail.com




CURRICULUM-VITAE

	Career Objective
	:
	A responsibility that constantly offers performance linked with growth opportunities and challenges that needs to be executed in a dynamic environment. 
With a practical exposure at a learning-growing organization followed by a specialization in accounts shall actively strive to bring a measurable change in my working arena by transferring the key learning, and shall strive to be an asset to the organization.


  Qualifications:
	· Professional
	:
	· M.Com part II appeared (Nagpur university)
· Passed Bachelor of Commerce from Nagpur University in 2009, Aggregate 56.23 %
· Passed Higher Secondary Education (12th) from Maharashtra State Board Pune 2006, Aggregate 65.00%

· Passed Secondary School Certificate from Maharashtra State Board Pune 2004, Aggregate 58.13%

	· Computer Literacy
	:
	· Application Tools
	MSCIT passed from Maharashtra State Board of Information Technology Aggregate 88%

	· Software Knowledge 
	Tally passed by grade “A” & Basics Light house software, etc.


Working Experience: 
Sai-Lee Electrotekinks Pvt. Ltd. - Pune

Designation- Accounts Executive


Current- 6th April 2017

Sai-lee Electrotekinks pvt.ltd. is dealing and manufacturing in all electrical automation solution 

Also trading in control panels and junction box parts. 

Pest Mortem India Pvt. Ltd. - Lucknow
Designation – Branch Accountant


Duration-15th Oct. 2011 to 31st March 2017
Pest Mortem India Private Limited is one of the leading companies in India in the arena of fumigation services. Pest Mortem specializes, in house hold pest control treatment, weed control and ware house maintenance. Pest Mortem comprises of highly skilled professionals in the technical as well as the non technical domains.

Job Profile:
· Coordinate and perform a range of staff as well as operational support activities for the unit; serve as a liaison with field operators and operating units in the resolution of day-to-day administrative and operational problems. 
· All primary entries like Sale, Purchase Receipt, Payment and Journal Entries. 
· Bank Reconciliation, Debtors Reconciliation, Creditors Reconciliation.  

· Responsible of payment reconciliation, bank reconciliation & cash management and also budgeting.
· Tracking progress of the unit through generation of MIS reports. Balance sheet, profit and loss account, trading account. 

· Utilisation of M.S. spreadsheets for billing all jobs, posting payments and receipts, and processing payroll on regular intervals and stock maintenance.
· Day to day book keeping and filling records.

· GST tax Working etc.

	Personal Details: 
	
	

	Date of Birth 
	:
	12th March 1989

	Father’s Name
	:
	Mr. Satish Pundalikrao Aparajit

	Mother’s Name
	: 
	Mrs. Sunita Satish Aparajit

	Permanent Address
	:
	Jagnath Budhwari 
Near Old Kailash Cinema 

Nagpur Maharashta.

	Languages known
	:
	English, Hindi, Marathi

	Status
	:
	Unmarried 


Declaration:               
 I hereby declare that the above written information is true to the best 

 of my knowledge and belif.

Date  :                                                                                                                      

Place : NAGPUR                                                                                        Saurabh S. Aparajit

