



















































MY CV



                                     
                                   CURRICULUM   VITAE


TEJPAL                                                                           
Email:-poonia.tejpal@gmail.com
Mobile No. +91 9089668238/9485361721





	Career Objective



 Starting  my  career  in  an  organization  where  I  can  get  every  scope  of  my career growth  and  attaining  a  position by  utilizing  knowledge as well  as  interpersonal  skill  in  professional  field so  that  I  can become  an  important part of  the  organization.


     


	Soft Skills and Strengths


                                                                                                                               
· I have determination to learn new things.
· Logical thinking, Optimist, Ambitious and Hard working.
· I have patience and have good Communication skills.
· I am confident and can manage good interpersonal relationships.



	Academic Qualification


 
· H.S.L.C (10th) from Board of Secondary Education, Rajsthan in the year 2001.
· H.S (12th) from Board of Sr. secondary Education, Rajsthan in the year 2003.
· B.A from University of Rajsthan in the year 2007.




	Professional Qualification



· Six Month Diploma in Computer Application (DCA) from Aisect.
· Worked in Tally Programme.








	Work Experience



1. Organization: Vodafone India Pvt. Ltd As a Customer Care Executives (Sep 2008 to Nov.2009)

      Specialization: Business Development.
Grade Level:  CCE
Location : Jaipur



Job Profile:

· Basic responsibility for Activate new prepaid and postpaid connection.
· Maintaining customer profile, customers quarry and solve the problems.
· Maintaining the periodic status and submit reports.






2. Organization: M/S. Tradewell Communication from Dec.2009 Onwards.
Grade Level:  MANAGER CUM ACCOUNTANT.
Location: Shillong (Meghalaya).


 
Job Profile:

· Basic responsibility to sale Samsung Handset, Accounting, Maintain cash book, Banking, DMS (Distributor Management System) etc.
· Motivates Salesman to meet the target, achieve sales targets, order booking from the dealers.
· Proven track record of successfully predefined targets and accomplishing consistent growth in turnover.


	Personal Details




Father’s Name     : Mr. Govinda Ram Punia
Date of Birth        : 17th  August, 1986
Nationality           : Indian
Sex                        : Male
Marital Status      : Married
Interest                : Playing Cricket, watching movies
Language Known: English, Hindi. 




.







                                                                            

	Permanent Address                                              


S/O	         :  Mr. Govinda Ram Punia                                          
Vill                 : Kishanpura                                                                 
P.O                 : Rosawan  
Taluka           : Fatehpur Shekhawati
Dist                : Sikar  ( Raj. )                                                                                               
Pin                 : 332304  
                                                                 



                                                                                                   



                                                                                                        
                                                                    DECLARATION

I do hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to best of my knowledge and belief. If any of the above is found to incorrect; I shall be liable for rejection of my candidature.



                                                                                                  
                                                                                                   
   Place: Shillong                                                                                       (Tejpal)
   Date: 07/04/2018
