










































IPSITA DAS  

Ipsita.leeco@gmail.com 
+91 8583096268 (M) 

 

Title :   Database Support 

 

Career Objective: 

        To work as a Database support in an organization where I can utilize my existing  

Skills and knowledge and develop new skills to contribute in the accomplishment of  

Organizational goals. 

 

Profile Summary 

• A dynamic and competent professional with over 2 years of experience in 
Database Management. 

• Expertise in end-to-end implementation of various table, including 
designing, development, coding and implementation of Database 

applications. 

• Proficient in managing the entire database development operations 
involving requirement gathering, development of functional specifications, 

design & development and coordination with customer 

• Possess excellent communication, leadership and team management skills. 

 

Duties and Responsibilities  

⚫ Dialer support on real-time situation.  

⚫ Provide technical leadership to teammates 

⚫ Maintain high standards of database quality within the team on real-time.  

⚫ Database architects to plan, design, develop, test, and maintenance. 

⚫ Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the lead status. 

 

Skills 

• Analyse: Microsoft office; 

• Database: MS-SQL Server 2008 R2 & My-SQL; 

• Dialer: vicidial, Touchstar, Nobel. 
 

 

 

Work Experience 

• Met Technologies Pvt. Ltd. as a Database support Since March 2016 to present. 



 
 

 

EDUCATION  DETAILS : 

• Post-Gradation program in IT from NIIT(2015)  

• Bachelor in computer application(BCA) from Global Institute of Science & 

Technology(2013)  

  
 

Personal Profile: 

Name                            :  Ipsita Das 

Permanent Address : BC-62, TIYASHA APARTMENT,SAMARPALLY,  
KESTOPUR, KOLKATA 

WEST BENGAL 

PIN-700102. 

Sex        :    Female. 

Marital Status      : Single. 

Language Known      : English, Bengali, Hindi. 

Date of Birth               : 24-10-1991 

 

Declaration:   

                       I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my 

knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned 

particulars. 

 

                                                                                          (Ipsita Das)  


