












































RESUME

CURRICULAM VITAE
	          

Sabyasachi Patra
Personal Data:

 Father’s Name : Bhaskar Prasad Patra
 Date of Birth    : 01/07/1990
 Sex                :  Male

 Nationality       : Indian

 Marital Status   : Single
Present & Permanent Address:
 Sabyasachi Patra
 S/o: Bhaskar Prasad Patra

 Godavarish Nagar 3rd Lane

 Berhampur – 760001

 Ganjam, ODISHA
Contact Numbers:

(   +919439687087 (self)
       +918984662264 (home)            
Email ID: 
sspatra143@gmail.com

	Career Objective                              

Seeking a challenging position that would utilize the best of my knowledge, skills, hardworking and provide opportunity to grow.
Skills                                             

Confident & Hard working, Willingness to learn, Create, Analysis and talk about new ideas.
Educational  Profile                                   
Degree            : MBA
Discipline         : Finance & Marketing
Institution        : SCS (Autonomous) College, Puri
University        : Utkal University
Year of Passing : 2013
Degree            : Bachelor in Business Administration(BBA)
Discipline         : Finance 
Institution        : Swami Vivekananda Institute of IT & Mgt.
University        : Berhampur University

Year of Passing : 2010
Examination     : Intermediate science(12th standard)

Discipline         : Science (Biology, Physics, chemistry,  Math)

Year of passing : 2007
Institution
  : L.N. College, Kodala
Board

  : CHSE
Examination     : Matriculation(10th standard) 
Year of passing : 2005
Institution
  : S.M. High School, Kodala
Board

  : HSE



Technical proficiency                               
   Operating systems


            :
DCA, OSCIT
   MBA professional course

:
Tally.ERP9
  Industrial Training at                          :          NALCO
Experience 
One year Practice in Auditing as External Auditor at Padhy & Co.
Job Profile:

· To review basic bookkeeping services for clients. These include accounts payable and receivable, billing, monthly and quarterly taxes, bank reconciliations, general ledger entries, and monthly trial balances.
· To review financial statements to ensure that they are  ‘true and fair’ account of past financial performance and current financial position.
· Ensure all clients are aware of regulatory changes.
Work Experience 
· Currently working with SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE CO. LTD from January 2016.
Job Profile:
· Responsible for growth and development of commercial vehicle finance.
· Responsible for selling of Insurance products.
· Handling about 150 Accounts.
· Responsible for the collection & portfolio management.
· Day-to-day business & collection report give to my senior.
Look out the problems of customers and solve immediately in my level.

Extra Curricular Activities                                          
· Coordinating on various events at college & school level.
· Motivating people about rural development.
Languages known                                            
Hindi, English, Oriya 
Interests 
Practice about learned courses, Net Surfing, Making new friends 
Games: like Chess, Carrom, LAN games as indoor games.
Declaration

I hereby declare that all the data and information provided above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and I hold responsible myself for any irregularities if found.                                                            



Place: Berhampur                                                         
                Sabyasachi Patra
Date: 04/10/2017

                                                                        Signature
