



















































                      CURRICULUM VITEA
Purushottam Kumar
  Mobile No: - +91-7829093819, 8310315113
  E-Mail:- kumarpurushottam100@gmail.com
  Present Adders: - Ramaswamy Layout Arekere village Bannerghatta Road Bangalore KA – 76

 Purushottam Kumar is a graduate in Chinese Language from Sikkim University and certification course in and SAP FICO with 2.3 year experience as a Financial Analyst and 2 years of experience as a Senior Quality Analyst (Packaging, Printing, Quality Assurance)
Objectives:- 
 To seek a challenging position in an organization working on cutting edge technology where an extra record of highly motivated approach towards professional excellence should be needed.
Academic Qualifications:-
 2014 HSK 4th Level (Chinese (Mandarin language) Proficiency Test 汉语水平考试) completed
 2010 - 2013 Bachelor of Arts in Chinese (Mandarin Language) from Sikkim University, India
 2008 – 2010 Intermediate of Sciences from A.M. Collage, India
 2008 English spoken certificate course.
 2019 MS office certificate course
 SAP FICCO (Financial & Accounting)

Technical skills: -

 MS: (office, word, excel, power point) window XP, 7 & 10.
 SAP FI - Systems, Applications & Products (Financial Accounting)
Professional Experience:-
Senior Quality Analyst - Chinese Language Specialist            February 2016 – Till date                                                   
Indegene private Ltd, Bangalore	
 Supporting Pfizer Inc. for china, Taiwan and Hong Kong via phone Call and E-Mail in Chinese Language
 Ensures Adherence to Pfizer artwork production standards and Standard Operating Procedures
 Adherence to regulatory and quality compliance requirements
 Adherence to agreed schedules for artwork production
 Monitors and reports performance measures on own
 Adherence to regulatory and quality compliance requirements
 Adherence to agreed schedules for artwork production
 Ensures that data integrity and accuracy is maintained throughout the proof-reading / amendment stages

   Financial Analyst (GFC) - Chinese Language Specialist            Oct 2013 – Jan 2016
Oracle India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore
 We will be responsible for providing all aspects of financial support for planning and control.
  Assist in consolidation and reporting of financial results.
  Preparation of annual budget, model, analyze, prepare, and summarize information for financial plans, operating forecasts on a weekly, monthly, or quarterly basis. 
 Prepares recommendations based on analyzes, perform revenue and expense analysis, headcount driven expense analysis at cost center level.
 Tracking of product and product line revenue, reconciliation of accounts receivable, variance analysis and ad-hoc analysis as needed.
As well as creating & maintain the Chinese customer invoice information.
 Provide the Chinese customer information to others line of business for further transactions, order to be booked, quote to be generate invoice to be generate etc.
 Translation of the technical documents in English to Chinese and vice versa
 Managing the Chinese company public sector or private sector customer
Hobbies:-
Reading book and plying.
Personal information:-
Father name: Ram shish Prajapati
Mother name: Laxminya Devi
Marti status: Married
Sex:  male

Permanent address:-

Village - karanja
Post - Jakhim
 District- Aurangabad
Correspondence address: Bangalore
Language known
Chinese, Hindi, English
 
Declaration:-

I hereby declare all the information above given is true to my knowledge.

Date: 20 – 08 -2018                                                                                        Place:  Bangalore



