














































Shyam Krishnan B’s Resume 

                                                                                

  SHYAM KRISHNAN B.                                                                                  No.68, Lakshmi PG, 1st Cross,                                             

  shyamkrishsai@gmail.com                                                                                    Nanjappa Reddy Layout,  

                                                                                                                                 Koramangala 8th Block                                                        
+91-8197004029 ♦ +91-7892561021                                                                      Bangalore, 560095 

                                 

PROFILE SUMMARY 

▪ A highly ambitious Recruitment professional looking to explore and grow into multiple strata of Human Resource 
Management. 

▪ 4.3 Years of experience working as a recruiter supporting both domestic & US market. 

▪ Proven ability to successfully complete given task in a time bound manner. 

▪ Strengths include leadership capacity, positive outlook, networking; likes to undertake planning, execution & 
conclusion of a given task; Excellent communication and coordination skills 

▪ Has got recognitions in the workplace.  

Professional Experience 

Allegis Group, Bangalore 05/18-Present 

Senior Internal Talent Acquisition Specialist (Domestic) 

Responsible for initiating the hiring process for all potential recruiters and managers. This includes sourcing, phone 
interviewing, testing and presenting qualified candidates to Hiring Team.  

Responsible for maintaining documentation and hiring metrics regarding candidates and events. 

Build strong partnership with the Internal Hiring Managers to understand overall business objective, culture and 
positioning.  

Interface with Hiring Manager’s to determine current and projected staffing requirements.  

Evaluate all resumes received and select only candidates that are appropriate to enter into the interview process. 

Act as a point of contact for offices in assigned regions as well as candidates concerning all internal hiring and 
staffing matters. 

Communicate regularly with internal client and ensure internal objectives per account are met weekly and monthly.  

Analyzes recruitment practices and strategies to ensure best practices are in place 

Managed multiple drives and campus events. 

Allegis Group (TEKsystems), Bangalore 04/15- 05/18 

Technical Recruiter, Seattle WA 

Information Technology Recruiter supporting Greater Seattle Area: 

mailto:shyamkrishsai@gmail.com


Shyam Krishnan B’s Resume 

-Understanding external client needs, and working with them to strategically hire top talent in the Seattle Metropolitan 
Area, WA Marketplace 

- Identifying matches based on candidate and client requests,  

business requirements, industry expertise and relevant candidate  

experience. 

- Obtaining, understanding and analyzing candidate career needs.  

- Relating career needs to current market conditions. 

- Building strong relationships with both Technical Professionals and  

industry-leading clients.  

- Thoroughly prepare candidates for interviews by providing  

itineraries, benefits information, general interview techniques and  

industry/network knowledge. 

Niranta Solutions and Services, Bangalore 08/14- 03/15 

Domestic IT Recruiter 

 As a HR IT Recruiter my roles and responsibilities were: 

 Develop and execute recruiting plans. 

 Network through industry contacts, association memberships, trade groups and employees. 

 Administrative duties and recordkeeping. 

 Work with hiring managers on recruiting planning meetings. 

 Create job descriptions. 

 Lead the creation of a recruiting and interviewing plan for each open position. 

 Efficiently and effectively fill open positions. 

 Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need. 

 Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting. 

 Utilize the Internet for recruitment. 

 --Post positions to appropriate Internet sources. 

 --Improve the company website recruiting page to assist in recruiting. 

 --Research new ways of using the Internet for recruitment. 

 --Use social and professional networking sites to identify and source candidates. 

Academics 

ACADEMICS - SUMMARY 

Integrated Master of Business Administration from American  
Heritage University of South California in collaboration with GEMS B School, 
Bangalore. 



Shyam Krishnan B’s Resume 

ACADEMICS – COMPUTING KNOWLEDGE 

▪ Internal HR tool handling 

▪ Job Portal Recruitment 

▪ Social Media Recruitment 

▪ Linked-In recruitment 

▪ MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Publisher), Adobe Photoshop Cs6, Adobe Premiere Pro 

▪ Technical Troubleshooting 

▪ Skilled in handling Google Docs. 

 

ACADEMICS – OTHERACHIEVEMENTS 

▪ Active Participation and Co-ordination in the following programs- 

➢ Google Map Maker Asia-Pacific Regional Conference at Hyderabad, 2012. 

➢ Microsoft “Tech. Ed LIVE” India 2010 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

▪ Participated and won several prizes in English Essay writing, English Versification, Short Story writing, 

extempore competitions (District Levels and Interzones) during school and college time. 

▪ Participated and won in various sports events like, 400, 1000 meter races, Long jump, High Jump and 

Relay. 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Father’s Name: Balaji Krishnan 

Date of Birth: 07 June 1990 

Languages Known: English, Malayalam, Hindi, and Tamil 

Current Location: Bengaluru 

Current Address: No. 68, 1st Cross, Nanjappa Reddy Layout, Koramangala 8th Block, Bangalore, 560095 

DECLARATION  

I certify that the statements made in this resume are valid and correct to the best of my knowledge. 

Bangalore                                                                                                          Shyam Krishnan B. 

 


