













































	Sonu Kumar
Email id : sonusikendar@gmail.com
sonusikendar6@gmail.com
Mobile no. :7278284072



	Objective



	Currently looking for a full time position in an environment that offers a great challenge, increased benefits for my personal and professional growth and opportunity to take responsibilities.

	Summary





· 1 year of experience in Seven Seas Trade Junction Pvt Ltd Dhanbad.
· Experience in developing and project in Asp.net, C#, Sql Server Management Studio ,WPF.
· Good interpersonal skills, commitment, result oriented, hard working with zeal to learn new technologies and undertake challenging tasks.
· Experienced in coding, debugging, testing and implementation of application.
· Good understanding and working experience of web browser language like HTML, CSS,JQUERY,BOOTSTRAP.


	IT Exposure



	Specialization          
	Asp.net,C#

	Web Technology
	 HTML ,CSS, Jquery

	RDBMS                 
	Sql Server Management Studio

	IDE   
Operating System

	Visual Studio
:Windows  Series



Educational Qualification
	
	Course
	University
	Marks

	B.Tech (IT-2011-2015)
	Seacom Marine College ,West Bengal University
	68%

	10+2(2011)
	Bokaro Public School B.S.City/CBSE
	62%

	10(2009)
	D.A.V Public School, Dhori/CBSE
	70%




	Projects:

	
	1.
	Project
	Koha Library

	
	Duration
	Dec-2015 to  May-2016

	
	Technology
	MY SQL,Java Script,Perl,css



Project Synopsis
Koha is the first open-source Integrated Library System (ILS).Koha satisfies all the functional requirements of alibrary management system.  The functional modules  are (acquisition,cataloguing, OPAC, circulation, and serial control).  

Responsibilities
· Involved in Database designing for this project as per requirement.
· Set Logo Of College.
· Connect Computers By Router and Ethernet Cable.
· Individually provided the back end implementation for Admin, Library Staff,Non-Teacher,Teacher,Student Modules.
· Provided the new functionality to the client as demanded.
· Fixing the bugs raised by clients, both functionally and technically.
· Involve in preparation of Document.
· Ensured timely delivery and quality all compliant with the client’s’ quality processes.
· Involve in Barcoding Of Books.
· Give  Complete Training To The Library Staff and  others Teachers.
· Entire Process Done By Me
.

	2.
	Project
	GotoMySchool

	
	Duration
	July-2016 to Dec-2016

	
	Technology
	Asp.Net, Linq, JavaScript, Angularjs,MySql



Project Synopsis
		This Project is basically for Educational Institutions where Teachers and Parents can communicate with each other as Teacher can Assign Homework to the Students, can take Attendance online with many more functionalities like update attendance etc. Parents will get the attendance notifications and can check the attendance of student anytime. They can view the assigned Homework also. If parents will have any query related to homework then they can directly communicate with the related subject's teacher through inter school communication system. Parents will get the notifications of new mails and notices. Parents can view the time table daily and weekly bases. They can view the exam's schedule and marks/results which will be uploaded by teachers. Teachers can also view their time table, exam's schedules etc. Admin is the master user of this application. Most of the rights are assigned to admin. Like he can create Timetable, Exam Schedules etc. He will add the classes, add subjects to classes and assign teachers to subjects. Admin can register new users, students and Employees. Admin can issue the notices (both class level and school level). He can communicate with both parents and teachers using simple messages services implemented in application as mail functionality where users send and view messages. Receiver will get the new message notification alert and sender can check the message delivery status. Is it viewed/read by the receiver or not. Same delivery status check functionality is also implemented for notices also. 
Responsibilities	:

· Design and developed a web based application on Education System Using Html, CSS, Bootstrap and using ASPX controllers.
· Involved in Database designing for this project as per requirement.
· Individually provided the back end implementation for Admin, Teacher and Parent Modules.
· Fixing the bugs raised by clients, both functionally and technically.
· Ensured timely delivery and quality all compliant with the client’s’ quality processes.
· Written Store Procedure.


	3.
	Project
	Medical Shop Stock Update

	
	Duration
	 May-2016

	
	Technology
	C#,Mysql


 



	



DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Place: Bangalore                                                                        SonuKumar
