















































Pradeep Hegde                   

Sri Maatru Smruti , P.W.D Quartress,Kumta-581343 | 7996970377 | pradeephegde96@gmail.com. 

 

Objective 

Seeking a challenging career in software development world, where good analytical & coding skills are required 

to understand & deliver. Looking to be a part of an innovative & challenging team which contributes towards 

company's growth as well as my professional growth. 

 

Education 

➢ MCA  

College: Dayananda Sagar academy of technology and management, Bangalore. 

University: Visveshvarayya technological university, Belgaum. 

Duration:2014-2017. 

Aggregate: 71.68%. 

 

➢ BCA   

College: K.L.E’s BCA College, Hubballi. 

University: Karnataka University, Dharwad (Autonomous). 

Duration: 2011-2014. 

Aggregate: 83.18%. 

 

➢ PUC 

College: Dr. A.V. Baliga College of Arts and Science, Kumta. 

Board: P.U Board. 

Year of Passing: 2011. 

Percentage: 55.55%. 

 

➢ SSLC 

School: C.V.S.K HighSchool, Boggon, Kumta. 

Board: K.E.A 

Year of Passing: 2009. 

Percentage: 76.32%. 

Technical Skills 

• Programming Languages :  C , Data Structure , C++ and Core Java    

• Scripting Languages     : J2EE , JavaScript, JQuery and PHP 
▪ Database Technologies      : MySQL  and Oracle10g,11g. 
▪ Operating System              : Windows and Fedora. 

 

mailto:pradeephegde96@gmail.com


Working Experience 

➢ 2017(Jan-May) 

Company Name: O!zap Technologies. 

Role: Web Developer(Internship). 

 

➢ 2014(Jan-June) 

Company Name: Venture Wings Group. 

Role: Web Developer(Internship). 

PUBLICATIONS 
“Data encryption and decryption using one’s complement” at National Conference on Convergence 

of Science, Technology & Management (NCCSTM-2016) conducted by Dayananda Sagar Academy of Technol-

ogy and Management College, Bangalore.  

ISBN: 978-93-84935-97-9  

Description:  

Presented a paper on data encryption and decryption. The “Encryption using 1’s complement” 

algorithm allows a message sender to encrypt the message and the receiver will receive the encrypted data 

and later it will be decrypted. To encrypt and decrypt the data one’s compliment of the ASCII value of 

characters are used. 

ACCOMPLISHMENTS 

• Attended workshop “HACKADROID, Android Platform And Hacking Expert” Workshop conducted 
by “TechDefence”, held at Dayananda Sagar Academy Of Technology And Management, Bangalore.  

PROJECTS 
 

• Secured Hotel Management System for “Denissons”, Hubli. 
This is the web based project done to fulfill the requirements of Denissons, Hubli. The main purpose of 

this application is to track each employee’s activity in computerized way which is also time saving. 

 

• Stock Management System for “Anand Arts & Crafts”, Hubli. 
This is the web based project done to fulfill the requirements of Anand Arts & Crafts, Hubli. This main 

purpose of the application is to get the accurate automated stock details. 

 

• Online Faculty Assessment System. 
This is the web based project done to fulfill the requirements of lecturers of DSATM(MCA). This  

application includes data of previous year question papers, assignment questions which will generate an 

effective question paper. 

 

• Client Dashboard for Digital Signage for” Ozap Technologies”, Bengaluru. 
This is the web based project done to fulfill the requirements of Ozap Technologies, Bengaluru. This  

application includes data of campaigns and reports of the clients and stores where campaigns are playing. 

 

• Automation of CRM for” Ozap Technologies”, Bengaluru. 
This is the web based project done to fulfill the requirements of Ozap Technologies, Bengaluru. 



CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

 

1. Secured second place in “Treasure Hunt” event in “ESPERANZA-2015” inter-collegiate IT fest con-
ducted by department of MCA PESIT College, Bangalore. 

 

2. Headed as “Technical Event Head” at “Acumen 14” National Level IT Fest conducted by K.L.E’s 
BCA College, Hubli. 

 

3. Participated in “Chamber of Secrets” event at “Rekoners2k-14” State Level IT Fest conducted by 
KLE’S Jagadguru Tontadaraya college , Gadag 

 

4. Secured second place in “Sama Sankhya” event in “SAMAGAM-13” National Level Management 
Fest conducted by KLS IMER College, Belgaum. 

 

5. Participated in “HAPTICS-12 Computer Hardware Expo” (State Level Hardware Exhibition) con-
ducted by KLE’S BCA, P C JABIN College, Hubli. 

 

STRENGTHS 
1. Have a great passion to acquire new skills.  

2. Adaptable, hardworking and open-minded.  

3. Self-motivated and ability to motivate others.  

Personal Interests 

Basketball, Cricket, Drawing, Photography and Singing. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Name   : Pradeep Hegde 

Date of Birth  : 04-May-1993 

Sex   : Male 

Marital Status  : Single 

Permanent Address  : “Sri Maatru Smruti” P.W.D Quarters 

    Near Manaki ground, Kumta. 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages Known  : English, Hindi, Kannada, Konkani. 

DECLARATION  

I hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

Date: 

Place:                 (Pradeep Hegde) 

 


