














































NAVEEN NAIDU


 
KIRAN M 
 
Email: kiranmuniappa91@gmail.com | Mobile no: +91-9886392596 | Address: #6, 18/2, Maruthi 
Nagar, Shiva Reddy layout, Naganathapura Extn, Electronic City Post, Bangalore, KARNATAKA – 
560100, India. 

 

 
OBJECTIVE 

  
I look forward in associating myself with an organization within the core Human Resources Function, 
where there is scope for exercising my professional knowledge and skill towards achieving the goals 
of the organization and thereby enhancing my professional growth 

 
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
      

✓ Currently working as Business Operations Analyst in ‘Corporate Event Management’ stream 
with Arcastine Solutions Pvt Ltd-Bangalore from January 2017 till date. 
✓ Worked as “Scheduling Associate” in “Learning & Content Delivery” stream at Accenture India 
Services Pvt Ltd -Bangalore from “March 2015 to December 2016” 
✓ Worked as an Intern in HR – Recruitment Department at Accenture India Services Pvt Ltd 
during “November 2014 to February 2015” 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 
 
➢ Identifying the job vacancies and involved in recruiting, screening and selecting right candidate 

that best fits 
➢ Coordinate Training Programs, evaluating with team ensuring that cultivates and enhance 

company culture 
➢ Track results of training programs and realign in a way that shows betterment 
➢ Analyzing new client features and requirements 
➢ End-users support and requirement gathering to ensure the needs are fulfilled 
➢ Sourcing and connecting with right vendor to procure and fulfill client requirement 
➢ Focusing on Business enhancement by exploring, evaluating and sourcing the new clients and 

market opportunities to streamline the business  
 
 

 
COMPUTER SKILLS 

 
Primary Skills                : Basics SharePoint 2010/2013, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
 
 

ACADEMICS 
 
✓ MBA in Human Resources from “Don Bosco Institute of Technology”, Bangalore with an 

Aggregate of 58% in Year 2014 
✓ B. Com in Kristu Jayanthi College from Bangalore University with Aggregate of 60% in Year 

2009 
✓ PUC from Karnataka PU Board with 65% 
✓ Secondary Education from Karnataka State Board with 72.80%. 
 
 

 



 
 
 
 
 
 

Roles and Responsibilities 
 
Current: 
➢ Liaising with the client to gather requirements and sourcing the same from the vendor. 
➢  Ensure the client requirement is measured, planned & executed that is current or future need 

based. 
➢ Procurement of product or services from new vendor or existing vendor and deliver the same 

within the agreed timeline 
➢ Preparing costing and sharing the same with the stakeholder 
➢ Creating product and services catalogue for business development 
 
Past: 
➢ Support & coordinate training sessions on-site and off-site 
➢ Track and report on training outcomes. 
➢ Back-end support (Registration activity) for classroom training for Europe, Middle East and 

Africa. 
➢ Functional Skills- Planning and estimation, Analytical and Problem-Solving capabilities. 
➢ Hosting the weekly connect with Onshore team to discuss the reports and outcomes. 
➢ Regular communication with the clients to set proper expectations and status updates. 
 

 
 
 

Internship 
 
 
Company: Himalaya Drug House; Makali-Bangalore 
Duration: 12 Weeks 
Department: Human Resources 
Exposure: Employee Life Cycle and focus on conducting exit interviews 
 
 
 

 
 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Name: Kiran M 

Gender: Male 

Father’s Name: R.V Muniyappa Gowda 

Mother`s Name: Shakunthala R 

Date of Birth: 12 December 1991 

Marital Status: Single 

Languages Known: English, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil 

Passport: In Process 

 


