















































MANJARI MISHRA                            Correspondence Address

                                      
PANKAJ MISHRA                            
+91-9873190666
Address-I 100 Lane no 35 Rajapuri
Opposite Sector 5 Dwarka
Uttam nagar Newdelhi 110059                                                             
pankajge@yahoo.com 	                                            



	Career Objective 



Commit to the motto of the organization and put conscious efforts to meet the challenges and rise with and for the organization. To be recognized for my professional attitude and sincerity towards my job. 



	Key Skills and Strenghths



· Good communication skills and experience of interacting.
· Sincere and hardworking with an ability to perform well in a team environment.
· Proactive committed, enthusiastic with a positive approach

	
	Academic Qualification 



B.Com - 
University of Allahabad
Intermediate -  
Tagore Public School, CBSE Board 
High School - 
Tagore Public School, CBSE Board

	
	Technical Expertise 



Active Directory
Installation, Configuration and Troubleshooting problems related software and hardware on 
Worked on multiple ITSM tool like Impact, Axios, ServiceNow
Computer Hardware Testing and Problem Fixing.
MS Office 2007 and MS Office 2013


	Work Experience



Currently working with IBM Global Process services from 21 Nov,2011 till date.

	Job Profile



IBM India Pvt. Ltd.

· Worked as a part of IMAC and IAM Focal.
· Worked on Active Directory to create, modify and delete user’s profile.
· Creating Role groups and giving permissions.
· Providing access and permissions to the users like Internet Access, Access to shared Drive, Access to shared Folder, Access to Citrix and Other Applications etc.
· Resolving issues through E-mail and on Call.
· Supported Service Desk team to ensure resolution on the first call.
·  Providing floor support and mentor new agents after completion of training for the first few weeks on the floor.
·  Proactive participation in Quality checks for the requests performed by associates.
· To document any change in process and update Knowledgebase
· Working as a dispatcher to assign the request to team keeping the SL in mind. 

	Achievements in IBM


Awarded with Star Award for being EE for continuously 12 months.
Awarded with 600 blue points twice for highest production. 
Awarded with Shining Star Award for consistent performance.
Awarded with Bravo Award for consistent performance.

	 Personal Profile 



Father’s Name	    : Mr. Brijesh Kumar Mishra
Date of Birth       : January 10th, 1985.
Sex                      : Male
Nationality          : Indian
Marital Status      : Single
Language Known: English & Hindi



Personal Profile
Place:
Date:                                                                                (PANKAJ MISHRA)  

