















































	SHARMI.L
        
	+91 99 94399535
sharmilakshmipathy@gmail.com


       Objective                  Seeking a position to enhance my professional skills in a dynamic and    

                                             fast paced company and to be a part in the growth of the organization.                                       .
Profile
I have experience and exposure in travel domain for last 2 years, especially in Visa process automation 

.

Experience
Qruize Technologies Pvt Ltd
2nd May 2016 - 2nd April 2018

Research Associate  

Jizosoft Pvt Ltd
4nd April 2018 - Present

 Software Developer 
Technical Skill


Language:  Java, .Net

Framework: Spring-rest, Entity Framework 6

Tool/API: Selenium, Apache POI

Script: Java Script

Database:  MySQL, SQL

Web server: Apache Tomcat


Installer: WIX        
         Education


	Qualification
	Board
	Institution
	Year of Passing
	Percentage of           Marks


	B.E- CS
	Anna University
	S.A Engineering College, Thiruverkadu, Chennai

	2016
	8.05%



	X11
	Higher Secondary
	Angel Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Thiruninravur

	2012
	88.75%

	X
	Matriculation
	Angel Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Thiruninravur
	2010
	85.8%


         
Project Profile


1. Project Name: Auto fill Engine 

Technologies:  Java, JavaScript


Duration: 15 months

Company: Qruize technologies Pvt ltd.

Description: Fulfill is a travel domain project which deals with visa          

                                                            processing and other facilities required for the person 

                                                            to travel from one part of the country to another.

Roles & Responsibility:  

Java, Java Script (Automation) -    Automated   different types of forms (Visa Application Forms, Consulate forms) in travel domain using selenium and reduced manual efforts.

Read & Write Excel (Using SQL & Java) for Backend data updating.             

Created Installer for this application using WIX tool.


2. Project Name: Mpro

Technologies: Java, JavaScript



Duration: 3 months

Company: Qruize technologies Pvt ltd.
Description: Mpro is a mortgage based project which mainly involves                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in processing loans for their customers.          

Roles & Responsibility:  

Java, (JavaScript Automation) 

Created Installer for this application using WIX tool.

                                 3. Project Name: Vcare

Technologies: .Net



Duration:  5 Months

Company: Qruize technologies Pvtltd.
Description: Vcare is a medical domain-based project where the                                                                                              vatabase will have details about the patient and their health conditions so that the doctor a monitor their patient wherever they are.
Roles & Responsibility:  

It is an mvc based project where i have created many services required for this application.


4. Project Name: Predictive Autofill with Machine Learning

Technologies:  Java, Javascript



Duration: Present

Company: Jizosoft Pvt Limited 
Description: Predictive autofill system will be filling the information between two system and fill the information one system to physical form. Main scope of the application is, Mapping, Learning and training will be done by non-technical persons. Major concept of the project is, automation process will be done by common people.
Roles & Responsibility:  
Java, Java Script (Automation) - 

Read & Write Excel (Using SQL & Java) for Backend data updation.             


Created Installer for this application using WIX tool.

       
         Expectation          Current CTC 4.5 lks


       
PERSONAL DETAILS:

 Father’s Name: 
R. Lakshmipathy
 Mother’s Name:
L. Jamuna 
Date of Birth:

11.05.1995

Marital Status: 
Married 
Nationality:

Indian
Languages known: 
English, Telugu and Tamil

Permeant Address:
No:543, Bhajanai kovil street, Perumalpattu 

                                 
Veppampattu, Thiruvallur District - 602024

Current Address:      369, 36th Street, TVS Avenue, Anna Nagar west Extn,



 Chennai, Tamil Nadu, -600050
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the information and facts stated here in above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.










      
Signature   

                                                                        (L. SHARMI)

SHARMI.L

+91 99 94399535


sharmilakshmipathy@gmail.com

