













































will require sponsorship in the future


MOUNICA RAMESHWARAM 

+91 9618924625                                                                 # 1-30-53/1, Thirumala nagar, 

mounicarameshwaram.94@gmail.com                                                                                                     MDF road, Trimulgherry, Secunderabad  

                                                                                                                                                                           500015.                       

OBJECTIVE 

To build myself to interact with different cultures and widen my scope from learning in order to prepare myself to face the most 
challenging society in an acceptable manner and to strive for the growth of the company by becoming the part of the team with hard 
work and commitment and I’m currently looking to be a part of a wonderful organization whose interests align with mine. 

EDUCATION 

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India            2011 - 2015 
Bachelor of Pharmacy-73.44% 
Sri Chaitanya Junior college, Hyderabad, India                                                                                                                  2009 - 2011 
+1 and +2- Biology, Physics and Chemistry-92.1% 
Kendriya Vidyalaya Trimulgherry, Hyderabad, India                                                                                                        2008 - 2009 
10th CBSE-79.2% 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

Work experience (2 years, 1 month and 13 days) – Pharmacovigilance domain 

Worked at Cognizant Technology Services as Junior Data Analyst (Senior Drug Safety Associate). 

Environments: Oracle Database and ARGUS Database  

Delivering expedited ICSR using Adverse Event reporting form and Global Safety Databases including ARGUS.  

Activities includes, review of source documents including physician’s medical/pharmacy records. 

Completion of the adverse events report (AER) form from source docs including patients demographical data, suspect and 
concomitants, narrative, selection and detailing of adverse events, action taken, dechallenge and rechallenge, medical history and 
diagnostic details. 

Coding of suspect and concomitant drugs using Company and WHO-DRUG dictionaries. 

Encode verbatim terms using MedDRA for patient history, investigations, product indication and event term information. 

Listedness assessment of adverse events (AE) using various labelling documents. 

Verifies consistency between source documents and narrative summary 

Meeting the timelines and supporting global regulatory submissions in expedited reporting of ICSRs. 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Company: Cognizant Technology, Hyderabad Feb 2016 to Apr 2018 
Department:  Pharmacovigilance 
Environments: Oracle ARGUS Database 

I have good understanding on case assessment and its prioritization. I have experience of adverse event cases processing (ICSRs) from 
various sources such as clinical trials, published medical literature and health authority. 

I performed duplicate checks of cases and updated safety data tracking tool (Argus safety database), did case validation and created a 
case report file. 

I have good knowledge on usage and understanding of medical terminology and worked on medical dictionaries (MedDRA and 
WHODD) for coding of adverse events and drugs respectively. 

I have evaluated causality, seriousness and listedness for all cases. 

I have hands on experience in narrative writing. 

I ensure that the cases are prioritized and processed in accordance to regulatory timelines and project/client requirement. 

mailto:mounicarameshwaram.94@gmail.com


I worked on both clinical trials paper reports and eSAE (electronic serious adverse events) reports of which includes suspected and not 
suspected cases. 

I assisted my juniors/colleagues in mentorship/training whenever required. 

I have also worked on few of clinical trials literature and Sandoz cases. 

I managed daily work load for individual case processing and other activities. 

SKILLS 

Good communication skills 

Office tools: (MS Word, MS Power point, MS Excel) 

TRAININGS & CERTIFICATIONS 

Pharmacovigilance Trainee 

GIPHS Academy, Hyderabad: I have undergone rigorous training in Oracle Argus Safety Database 7.0, with Pharmacovigilance 

foundation and have experience of processing cases at GIPHS (Global Institute of Advanced Pharmaceutical & Health 

Sciences), Hyderabad. 

PROJECT DETAILS: 

I have carried out project at CMR College of Pharmacy (2015) on the topic titled Comparison of Anti-oxidant activity of three different 

medicinal plants. 

 

DECLARATION: I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and 

complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

 

 


