












































AZMATULLAH SHAREEF

Current Address: 

#4/1, 5TH cross, Venkateshpuram, 
Frazer Town. 
Bangalore 560045. 
Email: amat3114@gmail.com 
Cell: 8747087817
Career Objective:
Seeking a good position in a reputed organization that can offer me immense opportunities to contribute my skills and knowledge of different applications and maintaining computer network systems and contribute in maximum uptime in the productivity of the company.
Profile Summary:
●   Having 1 year and 3 months of a successful career with diverse roles distinguished by acclaimed performance in: 
- Aptos application support
- Windows OS Support 
- Network Troubleshooting 
- Technical Support- Network Infrastructure 
●   Hands on experience in handling the complete store operations that includes the        front office registers and back office computer issue and network related issues.
● Also involved in incident management and transition activities.
●   Experience on troubleshooting Desktop software and hardware issues.

Computer and Networking Knowledge:

Operating Systems :    Server: Windows 2008 R2 Client: Win 7 
Applications            :    NETMON, Store Utility, LANDesk, Active directory.
Ticketing Tools       :    Service Now, Aptos.          




Work Experience:
Company: Capgemini 
Designation: System Analyst/Software Associate 
Duration: 18th September 2017 to till date 
Role:  L1 Support
● Hands on experience in handling the complete store operations that includes the        front office registers and back office computer issue and network related issues.
● Providing L1 support to CISCO and AT&T routers at stores.
● Troubleshooting on alerts related to Stores circuits’ down, power supply issue and interpreting relevant logs in the ticket. 
● Interact with carriers (ISP), reporting Network alert, raise the repair ticket. 
● Documentation of issues and creating knowledge articles for them.
● Initiate escalation of major network incidents to the concerned network team. 
● Troubleshooting Desktop software and hardware issues.
● Troubleshooting issues related to windows OS
● Troubleshooting Outlook issues
●  Basic knowledge on Active directory.
● Good knowledge on MPOS software and hardware related issues.
● Troubleshooting Lexmark, HP printers and other network printers.
● Troubleshooting issues regarding pin pads, scanners and monitors.
● Dispatching local techs to verify the internal wiring until demarcation point.
● Perform virus scan on computers.
● Good knowledge about Aptos application on registers and other devices.
● Good knowledge about transition issues at the store.


Achievements:
Achieved Excellence in customer delivery Star award from CapGemini North America.


Academic Qualification:
Exam                          University                                                         Year 
S.S.L.C                        State Board (Shimoga Dist.)                           March 2012 
P.U.C                          Indian Academy                                              March 2014 
B.C.A                          Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous)            April   2017

Personal Information:
Date of Birth: March 28th 1996               Nationality: Indian 
Marital Status: Single                              Languages: English, Hindi and Kannada
Passport Number: R394095                    Validity: 18/08/2017 to 17/08/2027


