





































SYED SHAHID NASEER                                                               Email: syed.naseer88@gmail.com Mob: +919686966130 

Objective 

To be associated with a company, where I can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the 
company’s productivity. 
 
Profile 

 Experience acquired over 3 years 9 Months in diverse areas of Finance and Accounts. 
 

 Conversant with MS Office and Accounting ERP like, Tally 0.9 - SAP 7.4 & QuickBooks Pro 2017. 
 
(3)  M/s Tripoli Contracting and general maintenance LLC, UAE (Abu Dhabi), Since August 2017 – August 
2018 as Accountant. 

 

 Ensure that all payments comply with Company policies, rules and regulations. 
 

 Adhere to proper Accounts Payable controls and safeguards to protect Company assets 
 

 Ensure that all queries from internal and external stakeholders are properly answered. 
 

 Create reports in response to Accounts Payable issues resulting in the timely payments to vendors. 
 

 Maintain a comprehensive knowledge of all factors relating to Accounts Payable 
 

 Proactively identify and resolve payment issues. 
 

 Carry out other duties as required for maintenance of bookkeeping. 
 

 Resolving the Letter of credit Invoices. 
 

 Monitoring bank transactions, Cross verifying all entries and Preparing Bank Reconciliation. 
 

 Preparing Cheques, payment and receipt vouchers as per the instructions of finance manager.  
 

(2)  M/s IBM India pvt Ltd, Bangalore, Since April 2015 –May 2017 as Practitioner Accounts Payable. 

 

 Validating and posting the invoices raised by the vendor on our customers. 
 

 Duplicate Invoice Reporting [SAS, Parked, FET [Front end table] Dupes -both PO and NON PO]. 
 

 Resolve park and blocked docs and Handling queries related to void and other payments. 
 

 Preparing open item reports. 
 
(1)  M/s South Eastern Roadways, Bangalore, Apr 2014 – Nov 2014 as MIS Executive. 

  

 Verification of Daily cash & Bank book, scrutinizing the documents of all the Branches. 
 

 Fund indent and Admin indent entries in tally. 
 

 Receipt, Payment entries and payment process in Tally. 
 

 Following up for outstanding collections with Clients and collection of POD. 

mailto:syed.naseer88@gmail.com


 

 

Areas of interest. 

Finance [Trade] Accounts [P2p]  

Capabilities 

  Understanding the priorities and needs of the business. 

 Flexible at work timings and determination towards timely completion of tasks.  

 

Academic 

  MBA Finance & Marketing from Brindavan College of MBA in -2013. 

  BBM Finance from Shri Jachani College of Management in -2011. 

 

Personal Information 

Passport No. 

Date of Birth 

Marital Status 

L9073352 

21-09-1988. 

Single 

Gender Male 

  

  

  

          I hereby declare that all the information listed is true to my knowledge. 

 

 

 

SYED SHAHID NASEER 

Address – 20/1-1, 

2
nd

 Cross Kanakanagar, 

Near Pavithra bar and Restaurant, 

RT Nagar Post, 

Bangalore – 560032. 

 

 

 


