

















































CURRICULUM VITAE

							Sarabjeet SinghSasan
sarabjeetsinghsasan07@gmail.com
				                                      Contact:+91-8600046853 


Carrier Objective
  To establish myself in a good position in line with my esteem needs in the field of Investment Banking and Financial Services.
				
Experience Summary
· 2.2 years of experience as Financial Senior Business Executive with Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd, Pune.
· Around 2 years of experience as Financial Analyst in E-Clerx Services Ltd, Pune.
· Currently part of settlement – Back office function for OTC. Major activities involve reporting, trade settlement, post settlement, query management and Nostro Reconciliation.
· Responsible for mutual fund reconciliation.
· Reconciliations of equity & fixed income, Mutual fund product between Investment bank andTransfer Agent (TA).
Educational Qualifications

	Degree
	Institute
	University/Board
	Year

	M.B.A 
	ShriVaishnav Institute of Management Indore(M.P)
	DAVV
	2011-13

	B.Sc.
	Govt. Holkar Science college Indore(M.P)
	DAVV
	2007-10

	H.S.S.C
	MalawShishuVihar
	M.P. Board
	2007



Project Experience

	Company
	Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd

	Process
	UBS OTC APAC Settlement

	Duration
	August ‘2017’ – Till date

	Description
	OTC Settlement is basically a project for investment banking.

	Role
	Senior Business Executive



Responsibilities

· Handle both Pre-and Post-settlement of Trades (Equities and Rates).
· Ensure quality/quantity of processing is maintained as per the SLA’s and coordinating the activities of the team.
· Analysis on trade discrepancies faced across the process and identified patterns to make recommendation to Trade Support Team.
· Possess the ability to identify and develop strong working relationship with internal and external client groups.
· Resolving the settlement issue collaborating with Client, Middle office and traders.
· Filter the training guide as per the new change or learning in process.

	Company
	Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd

	Process
	UBS Mutual Fund Reconciliation

	Duration
	Sep ‘2015’ – August ‘2017’

	Description
	Mutual Fund Reconciliation is basically a project for reconciling the fund company account and Client account.

	Role
	Senior Business Executive



Responsibilities

· Reconciling the Client account positions between Our Investment Bank and Fund Companiesfor any differences of shares.
· Research and Resolutions for Propriety and Non-Proprietary Mutual funds. 
· Daily cash and positions Reconciliation Audit. 
· Research and Analysis the daily break generated in Client accounts and remove those sharesbreak by posting offsetting entry in General Ledger account by MFGI and GJOW. 
	Company
	E-Clerx Services Pvt. Ltd

	Process/Project Title
	FXOPs Reference Data(Investment Banking)

	Client
	Credit Suisse

	Duration
	Nov‘2013’ -Sep ‘2015’

	Role
	Finance Analyst



Responsibilities

· Involved in creating tradingaccounts for clients using Reference data systems.
· Liaised with client and onsite coordination from offshore for requirements
· gathering and analysis.
· Responsible for updating the settlement instructions into client accounts from OMGEO ALERT, FXALL and Misys.
· Responsible for updating and match Swift fax and DOX confirm.

Achievements
· Won prestigious Award -“Spot Award”in the project for excellent work in process and achieving end trade execution targets.

Personal Details

	Date of Birth
	07/Dec/1988

	Sex
	Male

	Nationality
	Indian

	Marital Status
	Single

	Present Address
	74 New, Sant Nagar, Khandwa Road, Indore

	Linguistic Abilities
	English, Hindi





I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Date: 						Sarabjeet Singh Sasan	
1

3

