






































K@rthik_Resume 2


CAREER OBJECTIVE:        

I am an importunate hunter of learning, determined to become a better person with every step-
ping stone in my career. I want to work in an organization where I can make the best exploitation 
of my skills and make praiseworthy contributions to the industry & society. 

STRENGTHS AND SKILLS:      

➢ Highly organized and dedicated, with positive attitude. 
➢ Able to handle multiple assignments under high pressure and consistently meet tight 

deadlines. 
➢ Thrive on working in a challenging atmosphere 
➢ Effective in working on team projects and Optimistic in career 
➢ Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
➢ Ability to learn new methods quickly.  
➢ Comprehensive problem solving abilities.  
➢ Customer oriented, Should take initiatives and be able to work Independent. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:      

➢ Software Testing  : Manual Testing. 

➢ Mobile Operating Systems : Symbian, Android, IOS, Windows 

➢ Operating Systems  : Windows 8, Desktop QT (XP, Vista, 7), IOS 

KARTHIKEYAN SUNDER 
#46, Venkataraman Layout 
Maruti Sevanagar, 
Bangalore - 560033 
☎: +91 8553025779 
☎: +6591031232 
Email: karthik.sunder.14@gmail.com 
Date of Birth:14 September 1985 
Nationality:Indian 
Joining : Immediate

         
                               
        

 Page !1

mailto:karthik.sunder.14@gmail.com


➢ Defect Tracking Tool  : Redline and Bugzilla 

➢ Software Configuration : SubVersion (SVN) 
Work Experience:        

❖ I2I Telesolution and telemedicine pvt ltd 

            Designation: Digital Marketing Intern 

Date of Joining: March 2016- June 2016 

Key Responsibilities: 
Interaction with professional practitioners who are Doctors (Dentist) as well as 
FIMA(Fetal Imaging academy) for the requirement as to Content, Design, Image and 
Logo. 
To design Email templates and post for social media marketing to create awareness of the 
program to the professionals  total part in the program. 
once the post are ready it will be published to the respective community, were the 
professionals will choose the topic and enhance their skills on the same. 
Also used to take care of Email marketing and social media marketing. 

❖ United Mobile Apps Pvt Ltd : 

Designation:  Software Test Engineer  

Date of Joining: August 2010 to August 2013 

Projects: 

1)  Kepplr - Mobile Synchronization Service - provides Cloud Backup and seamless ac-
cess to your Photos, Documents, Media Files and Contacts across your Devices along 
with advanced Security and antitheft features. 

Key Responsibilities: 

➢ Cross Platform Testing 

➢ Syncing Microsoft to Kepplr App on Windows 8 platform 

➢ Manual Testing on various Mobile Platforms and Desktop Platforms 

 Page !2



▪ Android 
▪ IOS 
▪ Symbian 
▪ Windows 
▪ Desktop QT 

2) D-Link Connection Management - project intends to create Connection Management 
solutions for various DLink product lines like USB Dongle Modems, MiFi routers.  
Connection Management involves Data network connection setup, disconnection, 
presenting a variety of statistics, SMS sending/receiving and a lot of other features.  
Connection Management (CM) pertains to Connecting to, Disconnecting from and 
Managing the status of Network connections to LTE/ 4G/ 3G/ 2G, WiFi networks.  
Various statistics (standard and proprietary to a chipset) are presented on an intuitive user 
interface.  

Supported for Network switching and User-triggered WiFi offloading between LTE/4G/
3G/2G and WiFi networks 

      Key Responsibilities: 

• Created test specification and test report documents 

• Regular interaction with the development team to develop and enhance test    scenarios and 
cases. 

• Multiple platform testing on Windows (XP, 7), Linux and MacOS.  

• Worked with various hardware dongles from DLink, Huawei to connect to 3G/4G networks 
during the testing phase. 

Key Responsibilities: 

➢ Extensive Cross Platform Testing on various OS platforms like Windows (XP, 7 and 
8), Mac OS and Linux 

➢ Checking Memory Leakages using Parallel Inspector in Visual Studio 

3) UConnect - cross-platform connection Manager to manage LTE/4G/3G and WiFi 
connections.  We designed and implemented a Unified Connection Manager 

 Page !3



(UCM) that supports managing connections for Wi-Fi, 3G/2G/EDGE/GPRS, VPN 
networks.   

Key Responsibilities: 

➢ Analyzing user requirements and develop test cases based on User Interfaces and 
functional specifications. 

➢ Executing Test Cases. 

➢ Detected bug and Reported using Redmine. 

➢ Checking Memory Leakages using Parallel Inspector in Visual Studio 

ADDITIONAL SKILLS:      

➢ Involved in developing a full suite of test cases to test the stability of the application.  

➢ Extensively performed Manual testing process to ensure the quality of the software.  

➢ Derived Test Scenarios and Test cases using Functional and Requirements specifications. 

➢ Identify the possible positive and negative cases for the Test scenario created and making 
sure the Test Script is concise, understandable and executable. 

➢ Executed Test Cases and reported defects in terms of Major, Minor & Critical. 
➢ Executed Test Cases and reported defects in Bug Tracking tool REDMINE 
➢ Reproduces all errors found and provide detail documentation (e.g. screen prints, step-by-

step reproduction instructions). 

➢ Tracking bugs and logging them in REDMINE. 
ACHIEVEMENTS:      

➢ Participated in the National workshop on Biomedical held in Manipal Institute of tech-
nology  

➢ Projects in Diploma : Detecting dislocation of railway tracks 

➢ As the only QC resource, tested "Kepplr" for its high standards and the reward for that - 
Windows 8 App - "100% CLEAN" Award for "Kepplr" which has been tested by the 
BestWindows8Apps.net and found to be completely clean of viruses/spyware compo-
nents. 

 Page !4



➢ Awarded the best Leadership Award Masters of Business Administration by Anglia 
Ruskin University,United Kingdom. 

Thesis        

The study of Factors Affecting Consumers Purchase Intentions of Smart phone. 

• The main objective of the project is to study and analyze the customer intension of choos-

ing Smart phone. 

• The analysis is to be done by the data collection method using SPSS tool and statistical 

values will be estimated. 

• The preliminary aim of the project is, the research attempts to further study about brand-

ing, distinguishing its dimensions in Mobile brands proving and analyzing the issues with 

the level suggested. 

Individual projects 

➢ International Business Management 

The aim is to determine various entry levels for establishment of PCB Factory 

(ABL circuits) in different ASEAN Countries and suitable entry level has been 

proposed. 

➢  Business Analysis Project 
Aim was to study the business growth of Delta airlines using PESTEL and Porters 

five force analysis.Scenario Analysis and financial analysis was made by using 

spread sheet. 

  

➢ Strategic Management 
The objective is to study the concepts of organizational resources and compe-

tences using VRIO analysis and Management Model. The study was implemented 

in various fields such as Rocket Internet and Fiat and Chrysler automotive. 

 Page !5



➢ Marketing Management 

Analysis of Customer Perceived Value for a Service based organization (Winter 

green resorts) 

 were studied using various models such as Monroe, Woodruff and Fawcett 

model and an improved value proposition was created The main aim was to in-

crease the marketing value and to promote the brand image of the Winter 

green resorts. 

➢ Human Resource Management 

 Strategic HRM model and HRM activities were studied and its activities were 

linked with the corporate strategy. Various steps were also suggested to 

strengthen the areas in which they were weak. 

➢ Financial Statement Analysis 

Financial statement of TCS company is analyzed for the last 5 years (2000-2014) 

and various steps were recommended to improve its marketing power in the 

upcoming years. 

➢ Organizational Behaviour 
Role of organizational structure, organizational culture and traditional as well 

as contemporary theories regarding motivation were studied and study is eval-

uated in Satyam Computer Services, one of the leading publishing industry in 

INDIA. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:        

DEGREE/CERTIFICATE INSTITUTION/UNIVERSITY YEAR

Skill Enhancement Program  
(Online Digital Marketing 

world)

University of Illinois at Urbana–Cham-
paign

Currently  
Perusing

Post-graduation (MBA) Anglia Ruskin University(UK) 2016

 Page !6



ADDITIONAL SKILLS 

Technical Skills 

Social media tools and technologies, with a track record of creating and implementing successful 
social media programs. Keep up-to-date with constantly evolving technologies in online social 
networking, and work closely with clients to create innovative, effective campaigns. 
Email Marketing, Content Marketing, Social Media Marketing, SEO Tools, Email Tools: Mail 
chimp and Netcore, Strategy planning, Community management, twitter, Facebook advertising 
and youtube video production

Language Proficiency 

• English. Proficient in reading, writing, and speaking.  

REFERENCES 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.     

Diploma in Electronics 
and Communications 
(DCE) 

The Technical Board of Karnataka 2006

Secondary School Leaving 
Certificate (S.S.L.C)

Merry Land High School 2000

Dr. KS Raghuram  
Senior Lecturer 
Amity Global Business School, Singapore 
Tel.: +65 84978761 
ksraghuram@singapore.amity.edu

 Page !7

mailto:ksraghuram@singapore.amity.edu


                                                                                               
  Yours’ sincerely    

                                                                                                    
                                                                      /s/ S. Karthikeyan

 Page !8


