
















































                                                             CURRICULUM VITAE

VISHNU.A
Email:vis_gom_27@yahoo.co.in
Mobile: 9841313212

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To seek a challenging position in IT Industry, with that state of the art and technology in a cordial atmosphere; where my analytical, problem solving skills, experience and application of knowledge be put in for the successful execution of the projects and thus tender highest quality services to the organization leading to a prospective evolution of both the organization and self. At the same time sharing the knowledge whatever I have learned.
Total work experience: 13 yrs 1 month
SPI-Global: August 2008 to till date
Designation: Scenior Paginator Executive

RESPONSIBILITIES :
→ Understand the requirements of allotted job
→ Read through the instructions and specifications,
→ Ensure the allotted job manuscripts are complete,
→ Ensure the template file, input file, font and images are available for pagination,
→ Produce page proofs according to the set pagination guidelines and customer’s specification,
→ Produce page proofs/revised/final proofs as per set targets both in terms of quality and quantity,
→ Carry out edit, proofreading and QC corrections,
→ Handle revises and finals,
Job Spec:
► Adobe Indesign ► Photo shop ►Illustrator ►MS Word ► Powermath + (coding) ► (XML coding)
► Inmath ► Math type.
► Knowledge of typesetting specific applications and tools, like Adobe Acrobat, Pit-stop
professional, Ms-Office suite

Client Name:
→ McGrawth-Hill (9 years working in  Mc grawthhill 4 color job complex title)
→ Pearson
→ Harcourt
→ Rigby Star
→ OUP UK

ED-QUALIFICATIONS:
→ Passed B.A. Corporate Secretaryship (Bachelors Degree in corporate) from University of
Madras 2001. D.B Jain college.
→ Passed Senior School Certificate Examination (12th standard) 1998.
→ Passed Secondary School Examination (10th standard) from State board 1996.

Extra curricular activity:
Athlete three year champion in college track and field event.

CERTIFICATIONS:
Typing Lower First class
Hard ware

PERSONAL DETAILS:
Fathers Name : M.K.G. Amarababu (Late)
Date of Birth: January 27 1980.
Nationality: Indian
Sex: Male
Marital Status: Married

Current salary:28,000
Expected salary: 34000
Ready to work on any shift

I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true as per the best of my knowledge

















Date:
Place: A.Vishnu
