




















































RESUME

SAMEENA TAJ
No 19/1, 4th main 2nd cross Matadahalli, R.T Nagar post, Bangalore – 560032.
Cell: 9663773150
E-mail id: sameenataj52@gmail.com

Objective

To work in a firm with a professional work driven environment where I can utilize and apply my knowledge and skills, which would enable me as a fresh graduate to grow while fulfilling organizational goals. Passionate about working in the fast phase environment and prove my capabilities. 

Education

B.E:  Computer Science, 2017
Atria Institute Of Technology (VTU) – Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Aggregate (CGPA %): 71.17%

II PUC:  PCMB, 2013
St.Anne’s  Pre-University College for Girls -- Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Aggregate (CGPA %): 70.0%

SSLC: 2011
St.Mary's girls high school -- Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Aggregate (CGPA %): 84.32%

Projects

· Title			:  Basic Logic Gates
          Description		:  A logic gate is an integrated circuit that is used to    
                                           		   Perform logical or Boolean operations.
                                          		   It serves as an Elementary building block of a digital 
                                           		   Circuit using combinational logic.
				   Objective is to Provide a better understanding of the     
                                            	   Basic logic gates to the user.
        Environment & Tool   	:  Windows OS.
          Role			:  Testing and reporting

·  Title	                      	 : Obstacle Detecting Gesture Controlled Robot
           Description                 	: To develop a hand-movement-based control 
                                             	  Navigating interface ting a vehicle robot. The robot
                                            	  Must responsively identify a user’s hand gesture to 
                                             	  Determine the direction and perform five basic      
                                              	  Movements namely: Neutral, Forward, Backward,                              
                                               	  Left and right...                           
· Seminar                          : Review Paper on Evaluating The Usability Of       
                                                     Optimising Text-Based CAPTCHA Generation.

Professional Experience 
1. Working with DXC Technology as Technical Representative – II form March 28th till date.
Provide business-clients with efficient support – Responded to Chats, emails and Service requests using ticketing tools (SM9, Service now) within SLA.
 • Work with Active Directory team (Incident/problem Management). 
• Creating company details, using required scripts for data modification on Active Directory, Citrix , MS Outlook 2013.
 • Storage Management (Add, Delete and modify data) 
• Work with scripts for extraction, modification of data through AD. 
• Identify and escalate priority issues as per user’s specifications to relevant teams

Technical Skills

Skills			: C, C++, Java, Networking,oracle
Operating Systems	: Windows XP, WIN 7, WIN 8, UNIX (basics)
Database		: DBMS, SQL (Basics)
Others	                             :  Ubanto, Turbo C


Key Strengths

· Fast learning Abilities and team player.
· Good Communication Skills and Interpersonal skills.
· Committed Worker, positive Attitude, and adaptability.


Achievements

·  Achieved 3rd place in chemistry seminar in pre-university level.
·  Participated in the events Codesense,Poster paper
·  Achieved 2nd prize in Techhunt conducted in the technical fest DEXTERIX 2016.
·  Participated in the INFOSYS Campus Connect Program and workshop on   Embedded System & IOT.

Hobbies

Playing badminton, drawing, mehendi designing.




Personal Profile

Name			: Sameena Taj
Sex			: Female
Date of Birth		: 18/03/1995
Marital status         	: Single
Nationality		: Indian
Languages known	: English, Hindi, Kannada.

* I hereby declare that all above details are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.


  Place: Bangalore							      [SAMEENA TAJ]
