



















































Poorima S - SAP MM Consultant

                                                                                                        ASIF MONDAL 

ASIF MONDAL
MM Consultant

Email: asif.mondal1118@gmail.com
Mobile No: +91 9647564780 / 8474838905
Summary

SAP MM Consultant with 2 Years of experience in implementation, and post go-live support. A very resourceful, motivated and result oriented functional consultant (Materials Management) with strong analysis and business skills with in-depth knowledge of end-to-end business processes, was involved in training personnel and establishing standards in processes and procedures. 
Competency

SAP Materials Management 

Environment: SAP ECC 6.0
SAP Skill Set – Materials Management

· Definition of Organizational Unit hierarchy and their assignments

· Basic concept of Materials Master including definition of views required, Number Ranges for Material types etc.
· Knowledge of Purchase Requisition, Purchase Order, Scheduling Agreement, Contract, Quota Arrangement involving definition of Document Types, Number Ranges, Screen Layout etc.

· Definition of Release Procedures for Purchasing documents with & without Classification
· Basic concept of Stock Transport Order (STO) scenarios with Inter Company Billing functionality

· Knowledge of Vendor Master
· End user training and documentation of user manual, training materials.
General Skill Set
 - Sound Business Process knowledge 
 - Excellent Communication & Client facing skills
 - Project implementation using SAP methodologies on ECC 6.0
·  Test Phase Planning (Unit/Integration/UAT) involving test script creation 
·  Cut-over activities including knowledge transfer 
- 
Excellent skills in Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Word, Excel)
-       Experience of MM with other modules such as PM and PS.
-       Experienced in implementation and post go-live support
Work Experience
Company


: 
Luminex Technosys   Pvt. Ltd.

Duration


:
June’16 – Oct’17
Implementation partner 
: 
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.
Experience & Projects undertaken:
Project  # 2-  Assam Power Distribution Company Limited (APDCL)
Responsibilities
· Involvement in Inventory Management including Stock transfers, Transfer Postings
· Business analysis and mapping SAP to the business process
· Definition of Organizational Units and their assignment

· Handling with Material Master, Vendor Master and Purchasing Document types
· Uploading Master Data
· Customizing release procedure for purchase documents

· Timely resolutions of end user queries assigned by the landing desk and if necessary proactively discuss critical issues with Sr. Consultants

· Involvement in roll-out activities and training personnel.
· Cut-over activities including knowledge transfer
Project  # 1- West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (WBSEDCL)

Responsibilities
· Definition of Organizational Units and their assignment

· Handling with Material Master, Vendor Master and Purchasing Document types
· Procurement cycle – Purchase Requisitions, RFQ’s, Quotations,  Purchase Orders

· Customization of stock transport orders

· Customizing release procedure for purchase documents

· Involvement in roll-out activities and training personnel.
· Timely resolutions of end user queries assigned by the landing desk and if necessary proactively discuss critical issues with Sr. Consultants
· Cut-over activities including knowledge transfer
Education Details:
	Degree
	University/Board
	Institution
	Percentage
	Year of Passing

	B.SC-IT
	P.T.U
	Brainware
	
	2015

	Higher Secondary
	W.B.C.H.S.E
	Tarakeswar Mahavidyalaya
	60.8
	2012

	Secondary
	W.B.B.S.E
	Baligori Adhormoni Dutta Vidyamandir
	60.8
	2010


Personal Details 

Date of Birth

: 
09-Mar-1995.

Permanent Address
:
Vill: Kalapukur, PO: Madpur, PS: Tarakeswar,  Dist: Hooghly, PIN


: 
712410

State


:
West Bengal.                       

Nationality

: 
Indian.

Languages Known
:
 English, Hindi & Bengali

2 | Page

