



















































OBJECTIVE: 

To work for a company with no dearth of challenges. An organization that is flexible to my 
constant learning and to utilize and develop my skills in your company. To be a part of an 
organization where striving to be the best driving motto. 

BRIEF PROFILE: 

I am an operation specialist and qualified Bachelor in Pharmacy working in the Global Delivery 
network unit of the Lifecycle Safety’s high-profile organization. My job profile includes completing 
case processing of the data contained in the source documents using appropriate mapping 
documents. Coding of suspect drugs as well as concomitant drug using company drug dictionary 
(CPD) or preferred product list (PPD) and DRL dictionary. Coding of Adverse Drug events, 
indications and patient history using MedDRA. Labelling assessment of adverse events. Narrative 
writing, entering communication and authority field. Checking the consistency of case against the 
source documents. Routing the case to appropriate workflow as required on Argus and ARISg 
database. 

CORE COMPETENCIES: 

 Comprehensive knowledge of international drug safety and Pharmacovigilance principles
and regulations.

 Worked on Post marketing survey- Solicited and Spontaneous cases (Includes both E2B
and Non-E2B cases which are in either structured or un-structured format) as per the
Safety procedure.

 Extensive knowledge of drug safety and drug development process and procedures
 In-depth knowledge of regulatory timeline requirements, coding principles, submission

criteria, technical requirements and guidelines.
 Hands on MS PowerPoint, MS Word and US mail box.
 Basic knowledge of MS Excel.
 Possess sound communication skills, both in verbal and written.
 Constant learner
 Good leadership, analytical, problem solving and time management skills.
 I have received R and R (Rewards and Recognition) for supporting team in high workflow

and for giving high quality in process.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

IQVIA: formerly Quintiles IMS Holdings is an American multinational company serving the 
combined industries of health information technologies and clinical research. It is a 
Fortune 500 company and the world’s largest provider of biopharmaceutical 
development and commercial outsourcing services. Its world’s largest contract research 

SHRIJAL MEHTA 
Mobile: 8451010146 

Email: shrijalmehta@gmail.com

mailto:shrijalmehta@gmail.com


organization as ranked by reported service revenues, and is focused primarily on Phase 
II-IV clinical trials and associated laboratory and analytical services. 

SAFETY ASSOCIATE 1: PHARMACOVIGILANCE PROCESSING 
Aug’16 – present 

 Worked on Argus 7.0 database and currently working on ARISg 7 database
software.

 Perform book in the cases, data entry (serious, non-serious, pregnancy, literature and
social media cases) for safety database, writing descript narratives, generating queries
pertinent to the case, driving case closure, doing follow ups (direct to patients) including
Email, mail and phone.

 Extraction of relevant information from routine source documents/ information coming
from affiliates

 Preliminary evaluation and assessment of case reports for seriousness, global listedness
and causality of all serious-non- serious adverse events.

 Identify duplicate/invalid cases or reports and process appropriate Follow-up to the initial
case received from adverse event reporting department

 Process Safety data according to applicable regulations, guidelines, Standard Operating
procedures (SOPs) and project requirements.

 Assuming other workflow responsibilities for the assigned project as directed by
Operations team member or Manager.

 Ensure to meet the expected productivity and quality standards
 Ability to identify quality problems, if any, and bring them to the attention of a senior team

member/ mentor.
 Liaise with different functional team members, health care professionals e.g. investigators,

medical monitors, site coordinators and designees to address project related issues
 Attend project team meetings and provide feedback to operations manager on any

challenges/issues or successes.
 Ensure compliance to organization with high quality standards to achieve project and

customer deliverables.

One month training in T.M.THAKORE PHARMACEUTICAL LABORATORIES (Storage area, Manufacturing of 
tablets, ointments, solution, packaging department, QC department) 

EDUCATION BACKGROUND: 

Last Date 
Attended 

Institution 
Name, Country 

Education 
Level/Degree 

Area of Study Completion 
Status 

Performance 
(GPA) 

Welingkar 
institute, India 

PGDM in 
International 
business 

International 
business 

 Completed 66%Dec-2018



Last Date 
Attended 

Institution 
Name, Country 

Education 
Level/Degree 

Area of Study Completion 
Status 

Performance 
(GPA) 

May-2016 M.E.T institute 
of pharmacy, 
Bandra, India 

Graduation B. Pharmacy Completed 8.08 

CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 

• Attended “MAHARASTRA PHARMA CONGRESS” seminar organized by IPA.

• Participated in poster presentation held in MET Institute of Pharmacy.

• Participated in Pharma Quiz held in RX intercollege festival.

• Attended Kingston University London seminar delivered by Dr. Stephen Barton

• Participated in and winner of various sports held at MET. (Dodge ball, Shuttle race)

• Participated in District and State Level Lezim Competition

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of Birth  : 12 Nov 1994 

Permanent Address : 103/ Mehul Apt, Ramnagar, Borivali (west), Mumbai-92. 

Gender : Female 

Nationality : Indian 

Marital Status :  Single 

Phone no. : 8451010146 

All the information given above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.  

Shrijal Mehta 


	 Extraction of relevant information from routine source documents/ information coming from affiliates
	 Attend project team meetings and provide feedback to operations manager on any challenges/issues or successes.
	 Ensure compliance to organization with high quality standards to achieve project and customer deliverables.
	PERSONAL DETAILS:



