









































Aditya Jain     Email: adityajaincs13@gmail.com 
       Mobile: +91-8072476970    
 

Work Experience (4+ years) 
 

EXL Service, Gurgaon 
Business Analyst (Apr’17 – present) 
 

Cognizant Technology Solutions, Chennai  
Programmer Analyst (Jan’15 to Mar’17) 
Programmer Analyst Trainee (Jan’14 to Jan’15) 
 

Skills-Set 

Tools & Software:  
 Tools: SAS, Python, R, SQL Server, MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle 10g, Clintrial 

 Statistical Techniques: Linear and Logistic Regression, Mixed Model technique, Machine 
Learning, K-means, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Market basket analysis 

 Visualization Tools: MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Word, Tableau 
 

Projects 

EXL Service 
Business Analyst (Apr’17 – till date) 
 
Client: A leading British multinational bank and financial services company. 
Identify best customers: Identified best customers for a newly launched product using scores 
obtained by creating a logistic regression model from historical customer purchase and 
demographics data. 
Tech Migration: Worked on a tech migration project to migrate the solutions from SAS to 
Hadoop Platform using Python. Migrated all the SAS codes to Python and completed unit testing 
for the same. I was a key member responsible for successful implementation of kick-off 
meetings and weekly status calls. 

 

Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Programmer Analyst (Jan’15-Mar’17) 
 
Client: Worked for a leading retail company 
Effectiveness of Promotion: Calculated category wise effectiveness of various types of 
promotions by comparing against baseline sales and amongst different promotions using mix 
model technique which captures fixed and random effect of variables leading to a bespoke linear 
regression equation for every category. 
Client: Worked for a leading Clinical Research Organization, that provides support to  the  
pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries in the form of research services 
such as biopharmaceutical development, biologic assay development, clinical research, 
commercialization, preclinical research and clinical  trials management. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multinational_corporation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banking
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_services
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pharmaceutical_industry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biotechnology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pre-clinical_development


Role and Responsibilities: 

 Experience in requirement gathering and scoping out. 

 Experience in developing complex SAS Macro Programming for data analysis, data 

cleansing, and reporting. 

 Prepared huge data mart by combining data from various sources in different formats to 

create SAS data sets. 

 Experience in writing SQL Scripts and SQL Procedures for data validation, protocol 

deviation and SAS codes validation. Created checks, validation listings, summary reports 

and patient profile reports to help the client better visualize and analyze the data. 

Awards, Achievements & Contributions  

 Received multiple client appreciations in EXL for dedication, expertise and leadership 

 Became the go-to person in the team for any SAS or SQL related queries and got awarded 

as “The SAS specialist” in Q2 2016 

 Pursued "Level 0: Base SAS" (Cognizant Certified Professional) 

 Got awarded as Associate of the Quarter for Q4 2015 

 Got awarded as "Best Team" in HACKATHON (coding challenge held across Life-sciences 

domain) 

 Awardee of a National level Young Jaina Award 2007 for excellent academic 

performance in high school examination 

 Attended 4 months training on ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATION organized by 

Oracle in my college 

Qualification 

Declaration 
 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

       

Place: Gurgaon         Aditya Jain 

Degree Institute Name Board/University Percentage Year 

B.E. Sanghvi Innovative Academy, 
Indore 

R.G.P.V. , Bhopal 71% 2013 

12
th

 

 

G.B.H.S.School, Binaganj M. P. Board, Bhopal 75% 2009 

10
th

 SSVM, Binaganj M. P. Board, Bhopal 83% 2007 


