

















































Saravanan_resume


Mrs. KOMAL MANOJ CHOUGALE 
 
Address: Flat No. 303, Mandakini Apt,           Phone: +919049021989/+917972328826                      

                Sukhada Colony, Near Satish             E-mail:komal.s.chavan@gmail.com  
                Executive Hotel, Tathwade,     
                Pune- 411033, Maharashtra, India.                           

 
 
 WORK EXPERIENCE:    

Organization Designation Duration 

Infosys Ltd            Technology Analyst March 2015 – Present 

Kairee Systems Pvt. Ltd.            Software Developer January 2013 – March 2015 

Prejassoft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Software Developer November 2011 – October 2012 
 Autosoft Systems Software Developer September 2010 – October 2011 

 

JOB DESCRIPTION:  

 Calculating estimation for the tasks assigned by considering obstacles.  

 Understanding Functional Specifications/requirements thoroughly. 

 Designing and developing different modules. 

 Performing unit testing/developer testing.                     

 Reviewing user manuals. 

 Creating databases. 

 

EDUCATION: 

Degree Institute Board/University Percentage 

M.C.A. SIBER Institute, Kolhapur Shivaji University 69.89% 

B.Sc.-Physics Rajaram College, Kolhapur Shivaji University 70.08% 

12th Main Rajaram Jr. College Maharashtra Board 66.33% 

10th M.L.G. High School Maharashtra Board 65.33% 

 

TECHNICAL  SKILLS: 

Programming Languages C, C++, C#, VB.NET, SQL, PL-SQL 

Web Technologies HTML, CSS, XML, ASP.NET 

.NET Technologies C#.NET, VB.NET, LINQ, MVC 4.0 

Scripting Technologies Javascript, JQuery 

Reporting Tools Crystal reports, iReport, RDLC reports, SSRS, SSIS 

Databases MS-SQL Server, Oracle, Microsoft Access 

 
ORGANISATIONAL PROJECTS:  

CarDB 
 

Duration Sept 2015 – till date 

Environment  MVC 4.0, Linq, Jquery & Sql Server 2008 

mailto:komal.s.chavan@gmail.com


Description: I am currently working on this project. CarDB is a project which contains configuration 
settings for the vehicle. These configurations would get visible on the live website to end users. This 
projects gets divided into multiple sub-projects like CarAdmin, PSLS, CCIS and Publish. 
CarAdmin – Contains all data/ configurations related to vehicle and their part details. 
PSLS- Is a web service which can be consumed by other portfolios 
CCIS- Contains different images for all angles for vehicles. All these images make one image for a 
vehicle. These images get stored on cloud. 
Publish- Publishes all data for vehicle on cloud. And from cloud data would get retrieved by websites. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 

DAM 
 

Duration March 2015 – till date 

Environment  VB.NET, Sql Server 2008 

Description: DAM is Digital Asset Management. The assets are nothing but vehicle or part images, 
brochures, user guides, etc.  In DAM, user can do cataloging, tagging of the assets. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 
 

Activ4Pets 
 

Duration Sept 2014 – March 2015 

Environment  MVC 4.0, Linq, Jquery & Sql Server 2008 

Description: Activ4Pets is a project related with Pets and their medical records, their insurance, their 
Second Medical Opinion. This is multilingual project. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 
 

 After Hours 
 

Duration Sept 2013 – March 2015 

Environment  MVC 4.0, Kendo UI & Sql Server 2008 

Description: This project is developed in MVC 4.0 and for UI I have used bootstrap and kendo controls. 
After Hours is a project developed for the organizations i.e. Medicare units who works extra other 
than regular daily timings and provides different services to end users. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 

 Girikand Travels Pvt. Ltd. 
 

Duration July 2013 – Aug 2013 

Environment  Asp.net , C# & Sql Server 2008 

Description: This web application is designed and developed for Girikand Travels, Pune. To automate 
their daliy transactions we have designed this system. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 

 Gyan Prakash Foundation 
 

Duration Jan 2013 – July 2013 

Environment  Asp.net , C# & Sql Server 2008 



Description: Gyan Prakash Foundation is an organization with a focus on quality education for children 
in rural India. GPF has partnered with the Government and various NGOs to develop a Social Change 
Model in Education. This web application is designed and developed for GPF. To automate their daliy 
transactions we have designed this system. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 

PrejasCore-ho 
 

Duration June 2011 - Dec 2011 

Environment  VB.NET, ASP.NET & Oracle 

Description: The middle layer is .net, the presentation layer is flex 4.5 and the data layer is oracle. 
Worked on eb-24 product which is a core banking solution. The PrejasCore-ho is subset of eb-4 
product which focuses on activities carried out at any head office(HO) branch of small scaled 
bank/pathsanstha . It contains Share, Payroll modules.    

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 

APMC  

Duration Sept 2010 - May 2011 

Environment  VB.NET, ASP.NET & Sql Server 2005 

Description: The complete application of Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) for 
automating daily transactions carried out in any APMC. It is designed to streamline APMC workflow to 
meet productivity demands of Agriculture departments. The APMCs were established by the State 
Govt. for regulating the marketing of different kinds of agriculture produce. 

Responsibilities: Involved in Design, Development and Testing 

 
INTERNSHIPS: 

College Automation System  

Company Avanti Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Pune. 

Environment  C#.NET & MS-SQL Server 2005 

Description: Implemented a system for automating daily transactions carried out in a college. It can be 
customized according to individual college requirements. Its distinguishing features are different level 
of authorization, multi-user capability and in-place failure tracking mechanism. The system is capable 
of providing close-net integration between different modules enabling need-based module purchase.  

 

 

Admission System for M.Sw.Dept  

Environment  C++ 

ACADEMIC PROJECTS: 

Portfolio Management Service  

Environment  C#.NET, ASP.NET &  MS-SQL Server 2005 

Description:  Developed a system which generates the portfolio of customer. System works as a share 
broker. The customers are questioned to extract his/her preferences/likings to identify risk taking 
capability. Depending on the level of risk, customer would like to take; and emerging market trend, 
the system gives an intelligent combination of the shares of different companies to be purchased to 
gain maximum profit. Thus even if customer has insufficient knowledge about share market, they can 
safely invest money and earn more with lower risk. 

 
 

 
 

 



Database File System 

Description: Designed a system for automating admission process of M.Sw. dept of SIBER college. The 
system constructs scrutinized merit list based on the information of students. The list is organized 
using marks and reservation percentage criteria given by government. 

 

SCHOLASTIC ACHIEVEMENTS: 

1. Secured 7th rank in MCA semester V class. 

2. Secured 5th rank in entire class in B. Sc. 3rd year and 1st rank among all girls in B. Sc. 2nd year. 

3. Won prizes in various Drawing and Rangoli competitions. 

 

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 

1. Organizing Committee Member of Orchestra ceremony 2009. 

2. Member of IT-FEST 2008 Organizing Committee. 

3. Active participation in holding Online Programming Competition in IT-FEST 2008. 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

Date Of Birth 23rd Dec 1985 

Languages Known English, Hindi, Marathi. 

Marital Status  Married 

 


	Mrs. KOMAL MANOJ CHOUGALE

