


















































 (
     
) (
2
)
                                 Jibi Gopi
Nadakkal house, Aroor PO, Alappuzha
                                              (+91) 8891641109
                                                Jibi39@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE
An aspiring professional with 5.1 years of experience in ITES/KPO, who is willing to work with an established company where in, the skills and education can be best utilized. Also ready to take challenges and willing to contribute towards the growth of the organization.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Birth Date		: 13th April 1990
Gender		: Male
Marital status		: Single
Nationality		: Indian
Passport Number	: L 1473930
Pan Card Number	: BGGPG9419Q


WORK EXPERIENCE
2013 - 2018	

Duration	: 2013 May till date
Company	: Conduent, Affiliated Computer Services
Designation 	: Senior Analyst
Domain	: ITES 
Stream	: Non voice, Back office 		
Shift timings	: Rotational U.S. shift timings
Location	: Infopark, Kochi.
Experience 	: 5.1 years)

CAREER PROFILE

At Conduent:

· Working with in a team named Buck Consultants which works for many clients in Canada and US.
· Involves Pension Benefit calculation using Manually prepared Excel sheet, Online calculation System and Onpoint, Payroll processing, Cross checking the retuned retirement application form, 
· Actuarial calculations for age over 65 participants and some special handling plans
· Reconciliation ensures that the money leaving an account matches the actual money spent.
· Preparing daily worksheet and Production Report for Payroll in MS Excel using Pivot table, Vlookup, conditional format and  etc. Using MS Access for store information for reference and reporting, and SQL platforms for retrieve data from a database. 
· Providing Benefits Data for both the Employee and Employee related beneficiary by the calculation on system tools as per the Business Requirement Document (BRD) from the Client.
· Involves Data Calculation, Data Management and Data Verification using OCS(Online Calculation System)
· Processing  and Verification of payment Excel sheet using Macros (add ins)
· Responsible for High Level Document reports, Production Report for Payroll 
· Preparation of pension/payroll calendars to be reviewed by customer trust.
· Handling reporting work and Dash board preparation, such as pulling report of work done by various transactions processing teams and consolidating it and sending it to the onshore clients.
· Timely interaction via calls and mails with onshore supporters for escalations related with process updates and responsible for keeping standardized business documents.
· Plays an important role in Quality Analysis and Quality requirements.

EDUCATION

	
Qualification
	
Year of passing
	
Board / University
	
Institute
	
Percentage of marks

	
Class 10
	2005
	Kerala state Board
	St. Augustine H S S , Aroor
	72%

	Class 12
	2007
	HSE, Kerala
	Govt. HSS Chandiroor
	73%

	BSc (Physics)
	2010
	Mahatma Gandhi University
	St. Albert’s college, Ernakulam
	77.33%

	MSc (Physics))
	2012
	Mahatma Gandhi University 
	Aquinas college, Edakochi
	77.7%)



SKILL SET
· Expertise in Excel, Access,Sql, PowerPoint and Word.
· Willing to work in any shift timing
· Know the best way to interact with U.S. customers.  (Dealt with U.S customers for more than one year. Specifically, North American Customers.)
· Excellent typing speed of more than 35 words per minute
· Always aims at first call resolution to clients.
· Good in arithmetic, for having experience in Benefit calculation.

ACHIEVEMENTS
· Top Scorer in Physics from Aquinas collage on 2010-2012 batch.
· Best Outgoing student award from Aquinas college 
· Won Individual Eagle award for the outstanding contributions towards team at Xerox
· Won Eagle squad award for the individual contributions towards team at Xerox

DECLARATION

I do hereby confirm that the information given in this form is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
(Jibi N G)
