


















































89/376 Bangur Park , Rishra , Hooghly,


 
Avi nandan Lahi ri  
C/ O : Al ok l ahi ri  

31/1B Graha m Road 

99 Shanti garh Col ony,  

P. O. Azadgarh                     

Kol kata- 700040  

Emai l : avi nandan. arko@g mai l .com 

Mobil e :  9804572692 

 
OBJECTIVE: Account ancy graduat e wit h good acade mi c st andi ng appl yi ng f or a General 

Accounti ng positi on where I can use my knowl edge and experi ence t o ensure the delivery of 

all financi al and account ing activities rel ated t o accounts payabl e 

 
 

PROFESSI ONAL & EDUCATI ONAL QUALIFICATION 

Year Degree Institute/ Coll ege Board/ Uni versity Marks i n % 

2012 B. Co m( Hons.) 
Heramba Chandra 

Coll ege 
Cal cutta Uni versity 57. 25 

2009 W. B. C. H. S. E Ne w Ali pore Multi pupose 12t h St andard 79. 3 

2007 W. B. B. S. E Nava Nal anda Hi gh School  10t h St andard 69. 4 

  

 

 

EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSI ONAL ABILITIES 

 
Genpact Indi a (From Jul y’15 till date) 

 
     Job Responsi biliti es: 

 

 Invol ved i n Quality Check for hi gh val ue i nvoi ces and Tax i nvoi ces 

 Sol e responsi bility of Urgent Qui res i n AP urgent mail box and AP Hel pdesk mail box (Tool  – 

Akri ti v) 

 Creati on of Akriti v Report  

 Invol ved i n Quality Check for i nvoi ces amounti ng >=100000/- 

 Regul ar i nteracti on wi th Customer to handl e the Escal ati on f or the team.  

 Processi ng Criti cal & Non Criti cal i nvoi ce f or country like The Netherl ands. 

 Prepari ng vari ous reports on dail y producti on f or invoi ce processi ng team and mai ntai ni ng 

accuracy. 

 Codi ng of i nvoi ces to the Accounts and Cost centers. 

 Mont h End Cl osi ng acti viti es i ncl udi ng reporti ng to clients. 

 Processi ng of Intercompany i nvoi ces.  

 Ti mel y prepari ng, updati ng and submi ssi on of SOPs. 

 G/L cl eari ng 

 Posti ng of Travelli ng and Expense i n SAP 

 Audi t acti vity rel ated to traveli ng cl ai ms 

 One poi nt of contact for Net herl ands and Fi nl and IP sol uti on  

 Pl ayi ng a rol e of pseudo tea m l ead f or the t wo regi on. 

 
SPG i nf otech (From 1st Dec 2012 till 31st sep 2014) 

Job Responsi biliti es:  

 Dat e Mi ni ng acti viti es 
 Customer handli ng vi a Email s and call s 
 Work i n Excel Usi ng Pi vot tabl e 
 Generati ng reports  

 

 
 



 
 
 

Certifi cati ons & Trai ni ngs 

 IFRS Certifi ed 

 Di pl oma i n Fi nanci al Appli cati on: Tall y ERP 9, MS Excel , MS Word, Fact, Ex Next Gen 

 
 

 

CAREER ACHEIVEMENTS 

 Customer appreci ati on 

 Recei ved Bronze award for bei ng a qui ck l earner and amongst the first few  to get 

cross-trai ned (Net herl ands and Fi nl and) 

 Worked i n Several ERPS System/Tool s – SAP/Akriti ve/Basware. 

 
 
 

Personal Detail s 

Father Na me           Mr. Al ok Lahi ri 

Mot her Na me    Mrs. Shi bani  Lahi ri 

Nati onality    Indi an 

Dat e of Bi rth                        4t h Sep, 1991 

Per manent Address 

31/1B, Graha m Road,  

99 Shanti garh col ony,  

P. O. Azadgarh                      

Kol kata- 700040 

Noti ce Peri od   30 Days 

 
 

Co mmuni cati on Skill 

Engli sh, Hi ndi and Bengali 

  
 

Interest & Hobbi es 

Watchi ng movi es, pl ayi ng outdoor games  

  

I hereby decl are that all of the above i nf or mati on i s correct to the best of my knowl edge 
and beli ef.  

 
 
Pl ace:  Kol kata                                                                                                             
Date :                                                                                        

                                                                                                                   Signat ure                           


