











R. SARATH KUMAR

E-mail: rathinamsaak@gmail.com                                                 44/66 , V.S.Mudali street, Saidapet,
Mobile: +91-9677053324                                                                                               Chennai – 600015.


To  build  a  solid  professional  template  for  a  challenging  carrier,  by  associating  with  the organization that progress dynamically and gives me a chance to update my knowledge and enhance my
skills

                                                ACADEMIC CREDENTIAL 	

    Undergoing  my  Post  Graduation  in  Master  of  Business  Administration  under  the  stream  of
Supply Chain Management & Operations Research
	Pursued  my  Under  Graduation  in  Bachelor  of  Commerce  with  53%  on  2014  under  the institution of Prince  Shri Venkateshwara  College  of Arts and  Science.  (affiliated  to  MADRAS
UNIVERSITY)

                                        CARRIER RELATED EXPERIENCE 	

1.     Associated in Nuance India Pvt. Ltd., with the designation of the Productions and Operations
Support Center Executive from the year of 2014 to 2017.


Job responsibilities:

o	Assigning works for the MLS based on the priority of the job, availability of the MLS clients and also by keenly following their stages of the work.

o	Reporting  and  planning  day  to  day  operations  including  resource/equipment  availability  and manpower

o	Partnering  closely  with  the  US  team  to  adapt  to  changing  transcription  conventions,  tooling developments, and expansion to new platforms.

o	Communicating  effectively with other  teams and  its managers about  their sites regarding risks, mitigation strategies, status and successful completion of works/requirements.

o Troubleshooting the issues and queries raised by the clients by associating with TM’s.

o	Conducting  internal  process  audits  and  process  reviews  for  ensuring  strict  adherence  to  the process parameters/systems

o Attending MLS meetings and monitoring action plan to enhance reliability

o Communicating and assigning reports to MLS.

o Clearing STAT Reports within given period of time.

o Manipulation of MLS and QC’s, and creating

o Managing Accounts without TAT Loss.
o Reporting and Alerting the TM’s and OM’s on status and risks of the jobs on time.

o	Preparing   and   presenting   the   team   status,   performance   improvements   and   continuous improvements plans on the team monthly review meetings.

o	Conducting the Knowledge transfer sessions on the process, methodology of working, nature of jobs,  ways  of  troubleshooting  the  issues/queries,  monitoring  parameters,  etc.,  to  the  newly recruited team members.

o Keeping positive and effective liaison with clients and the teams.

o Analyzing and preventive action reports for the jobs which have TAT loss.

o Responsible for the keeping a clean positive flow of works all the time.

o Representing the team on the technical events and on the team performance audits.

2.    Currently associated  in Baron  Finance Pvt Ltd with the designation of Accounts Receivable
Specialist.

Job responsibilities:

o  Calling payers and asking for payments.

o  Sending Invoice, Notice of Assignment and Rate Conformation through mail. o  Setting Disputes and reporting to TM when there is a problem in the invoice. o  Setting up chq pick up as per the need of payer.
o	Colleting the receipts of payment whether the transaction was made in the form of EFT, Cheque or by Direct Deposits.

                                                     TECHNICAL SKILLS 	

   Operating System                :           Windows Xp, Windows 7 & 8.

    Software Proficiency           :           Ms-Office, Gemstar, Beyond TX, Escription and

Tally ERP 9.0

                                            EXTRA-CURRICULAR SKILLS 	



   Qualified in FIRST CLASS in Higher Level of Type Writing in English Language


   Participated and represented my school in Volley Ball Matches in Inter-School Levels



                                                INTERPERSONAL SKILLS 	

   Comprehensive problem solver
   Able to associate with people easily
   Willing to take initiatives
   Optimistic Team Player



                                           AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 	



    Won the best Employee of the Year award for the year  2016
