














































 1 
 

 
 

ANAMIKA JAISWAL 
 

Objective 
I am hardworking, enthusiastic and responsible person with a good sense of humour. I am also 
conscientious and organized person who can work well in a busy environment, meeting deadlines, and 
enjoy being part of a team. I am determined and dedicated to succeed in achieving goals and willing to 
travel the extra mile to achieve a better result in job performance. 
 

Areas of Expertise 

Summary 
SAS Programming 

 Data management skills like merging, appending, concatenating and interleaving of SAS datasets 
by SAS programming skills. 

 Reading raw data files, import and export via excel, handling programming errors, accessing and 
managing data. 

 Report generation with SAS ODS (RTF, PDF and EXCEL) procedure. 

 SAS macro variables and programs utilization into SAS programs to reduce manual hard coding. 

 SAS-SQL used for creating summary reports, displaying query results, generating tables and views. 

 SQL joins and set operators used to combine data horizontally and vertically. 
 
 

Professional Development 
 

July 2018, SAS Training from Cytel Statistical Software & Services Pvt. Ltd. 
Ahmedabad,Gujarat,India  

 

Projects 
 

Structural Bioinformatics Studies of Inhibitors of Asparagine Synthetase involved in Cancer 
progression – CSIR-CDRI , Lucknow ,UP. 

Sequence Analysis Of Shorter Loops in Viral Proteins – VIT University, Vellore, TN 
The Frequency of Y Chromosomes Micro deletion in Azoospermic cases - VIT University, 

Vellore, TN 
Antimicrobial Efficacy Of Commercial Available Toothpaste- VIT University, Vellore ,TN 

 
 
 
 
 

 Effective Communications  
 Teamwork and Leadership 
 Analytical skills 

 

 SAS Programming 
 Macro Programming 
 SQL Programming 

 

 Basic Computer 
 Time Management 
 Pursuing Skill 
 Multiligual- English, Hindi, 

Gujarati, French 
 

Mobile:  9751444331 
 Email: anamika04jaiswal@gmail.com 

 



 2 
 

Research Papers 
 

The frequency of Y Chromosome microdeletions in infertile men of Vellore cohort, 
Department of Biomedical Sciences, School of Bioscience and Technology, VIT Univeristy , 
Vellore, TN, India, IOP Journal,2018. 
 

Education 
 

M.sc Biotechnology, VIT University, Tamil Nadu,7.13 CGPA, 2018. 
B.sc Biotechnology, S.P University, Anand, 8.5 CGPA, 2016. 

HSC, BLS ,Vadodara ,Gujarat, 60%, 2013. 
SSLC, DPMS , Sitamarhi , Bhadohi , UP,7 CGPA, 2011. 

 

Computer Application 
 

 Operating System – Window 10/Window 8.1/Window 7/Window 98/XP. 

 SAS Tools – SAS 9.4/SAS 9.3/SAS 9.2 (SAS/Base, SAS/Macro, SAS/SQL, SAS/Access). 

 Microsoft Package 
 

Personal Information 
 

A/21 Ajay Tenament,part-1,opp-Bharat Party plot, Amraiwadi, A’bad, Gujarat,380026. 
 

Declaration 
 
I hereby declare that all the information, above presented, is true to the best of my knowledge 
and belief. 


