












































P

RESUME
B.VIDYA LAKSHMI 

                                                                                                            Mobile: 8885816259
E-mail: vidyabalaji1993@gmail.com 
Objective
“To enhance my professional skills in a dynamic and stable workplace“
Profile Synopsis
· A highly motivated Banking & Finance Professional with 3years of experience and now as a Financial Analyst, providing key finance and accounting analytical support to Bankers Underwriters and Lending Managers. 
· In-depth skills and knowledge of Financial Statement Spreading (FSS), Financial Ratio calculation and financial analysis.
· Performing individual, demonstrating drive, enthusiasm and initiative, with the ability to work well under pressure, consistently delivering quickly and accurately & prioritize to ensure deadlines are met whilst maintaining a high standard of analysis and insight.
· Quick learner; able to rapidly achieve integration and easily assimilate job requirements.
EXPERIENCE- 3 Years
WELLS FARGO –
Wholesale Lending Services- Financial Spreading and Covenant Monitoring: Financial Analyst -2015 
· Spreading business financial statements of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
· Spreading   Projected/Budget statements for the client which would help in forecasting the financial stability of the customer in meeting the Obligations.
· Spreading for both the Commercial and Corporate entity financials- 10 K and 10 Q statements.
· Analyzing Debt Covenants, Financial Covenants: Calculating DSCR, FCCR, Current Ratio’s and calculating Liquidity and Net Worth of entities.
· Preparing Daily production report  and error analysis report 
Additional Responsibilities:
· Providing floor support to handle day to day case queries faced by the team members
· Performing quality checks before the final delivery of work to the clients
· Providing Support to new joiners on the overall working of the process
· Performing Internal Quality Check for the new joiners
· Responsible for data collection and performing analysis on collected data, Business volumes & Error Analysis Reports.
· Created Leave reconciliation tracker for the team and maintaining attendance tracker on a daily basis.
· Instant Spoc and Trainer for the team.
Achievements:
· Received Star performer award and Appreciations from the on shore partner for delivering consistently outstanding quality.
Academic Chronicle:

                                                                        

	Degree
	        University
	        Year 

    of  Passing   
	    Pass     

 Percentage

	MBA
	 Osmania University
	       2015
	      69%

	B.Com.

 (Comp)
	 Osmania University
	        2013
	     76%

   
   

	Intermediate


	Board of Intermediate    Education, AP.

  
	        2010
	72%

	SSC
	Board of Secondary Education, AP.

	        2008
	79%


                                                                 
Personal Profile:
Father’s Name

               : 
R.Balaji

Date of Birth
         
               :            24-08-1993

Languages Known

 :
English, Hindi, and Tamil & Telugu

Gender


     
 : 
Female

Nationality


 :
Indian
 Declaration:        

I, B.VIDYA LAKSHMI, hereby declare that the before mentioned information are true the best of my knowledge.
Date:                                                                                                      Yours sincerely,       

Place: Secunderabad




          (B.VIDYA LAKSHMI)

