















































MOHIT CHAUHAN

MOHIT CHAUHAN
                   House # D26, Lord Krishna Road, Adarsh Nagar, New Delhi, 9650787323, mohit.rj.chauhan@gmail.com 
 (
Profile Summary
)
 (
Intercompany Accounting 
Fixed Assets
 Accounting
 
 
Finance Transformation
Purchase Order Invoices
Financial Analysis
) (
Over 
6
 years & 
10
 months of experience in 
A
ccounts 
P
ayable process and management.
Excellent understanding of accounting functions including Intercompany 
Accounting,
 Vendor Management
 and Employee Travel and Expenses
.
Recognized by peers, subordinates & senior leadership for tenacity & the ability to gracefully handle the dynamics of rapidly changing environment.
)Core Competences                                              
	



	                     Professional Experience 
COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS
Subject Matter Expert (July 2014 – Till Date)
· Managed to timely process the invoices on daily basis from large and multi site organizations. 

· Processing of PO, NON PO and AUTO PAY Invoices. Coordinating with the payments team to clear urgent requests from the vendor.

· Creating vendor in people soft with the help of W9 provided by the vendor. Ensuring no duplicate vendor gets created in system.

· Resolved months of backlogged work, researched and solved billing problems and corrected invoicing and journal entry errors that had previously been missed.

· Posting the journal entries in the sub ledger once approved by the onshore account owner.

· Facilitated “no fraud” internal and external audits as a result of sound recordkeeping and through documentation.

· Awarded as best performer for the quarter ending May 2015 (Trailblazers Awards) for helping in smooth and timely transaction from vendor.

· Provided process knowledge training to new joiners. Help them to learn the A/P process and resolve the queries regarding A/P module.



ACCENTURE INDIA PVT. LTD.
Accounts Payable Specialist, July 2011 – July 2014
· Managed the accurate and timely processing of up to 10000 invoices for large, multi-site organizations. Assessed and closed A/P sub-ledger on a monthly basis, validated content and resolved various issues.
· Acting as a Quality Auditor and keeping 100% quality check for all the invoices processed. Providing feedback to the invoice processor for improving the quality of their deliverables.
· Resolved months of backlogged work, researched and solved billing problems and corrected invoicing and journal entry errors that had previously been missed.
· Awarded as Best Performer of the Quarter ending July 2012(Numero Uno Award) for providing valuable quality audit and stream- lining the Canadian A/P process for client.
· Ensure that the deliverable between organization and client meet the Service Level Agreements (S.L.A.) without any miss.
· Preparing End of Day (E.O.D.) report on daily basis for Services Management team. This include number of Invoices received in beginning of the business day, number of vouchers created and number of invoices sent to the concern department for approval to make payments.

              Professional Development

 (
MDS UNIVERSITY, Ajmer, Rajasthan
Master of Commerce 2011 
St.Anselm’s 
Sr
. Sec. School, Ajmer, Rajasthan 
12
th
 
C.B.S.E. 2005
10
th
 C.B.S.E. 2003 
)



   Ms Word | Ms Excel | Ms PowerPoint | Oracle |PeopleSoft

 (
Date of Birth:
10
th
 July 1987 
Language Proficiency: 
English, Hindi
)        


