















































Krishna S 

Thali 
Data Scientist 
 
 
 
 
 

Career Overview 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Core Competencies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Skills 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Experience 

 
 

Krishna S Thali  
17, 2 floor, 2 cross, Bank 
avenue, Babusapalya, 
Bangalore - 560043 
 
(+91)9113697339  
krishnasthali@gmail.com  
 

 

Meticulous Analytics professional with 3.4+ years of diverse industrial 
experience in design and implementation of statistical data models. 
Area of expertise includes Data Analysis, Statistical modelling, Data 
Visualization and Business Development.  

 

Text Mining Data Optimization/Management 
 
Visualization in R/Python Pig Scripting 
 
Classification models NLP 
 
Cluster Analysis  
 

 

❖ Diligent Solutions Design and Handling 

❖ Accurate Report Generation 

❖ Ample intro on Algorithms like Random Forest, Decision Tree 

❖ 16+ months of Hands-on with Hive, Sqoop, Oozie. Hbase and Pig 

❖ Novice with Python and Conda Packages  
 
 

 

Bharat Light & Power/ Analyst – Data Analytics 
OCTOBER  2018 - PRESENT, BANGALORE 

 
• Setup Hadoop cluster in Google Cloud Platform. 
• Connectivity of different IoT devices in cloud using IoT 

core and Pub/Sub and store the data into BigTable. 
• Extracting the sensors data from BigTable and analyze 

frequent faults in the device. 
 

Cognizant Technology Solutions/ Data Scientist  
JUNE  2015 – OCTOBER 2018, BANGALORE 
 

• Developed and deployed Statistical/Analytical models, 
text mining solutions that identify potential cost saving 
area.  

• Collaborated closely with diverse business teams 
on deal winning Request for Proposals/Proactive 
Proposals.  

• Novice user of R and CloudEra Hadoop Cluster  
• Coordinated with different teams across organization to 

run the business effectively without any hussle.   
 

mailto:krishnasthali@gmail.com


 

Data  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

Accomplishmentst 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
• Delivered Artificial Intelligence utility which helps in 

automatic elimination of stop words and reduces the manual 
intervention by 80%. 

 
• Developed Classification solution using Naive Bayes 

Algorithm and deployed it across Business units. 
 

• Addressed complex business problems and arrived 
at Business solutions using Support Vector 
Machines and Random Forest. 

 
 

Roles and responsibilities: 
 

• Providing insights by performing Volumetric and MTTR 
analysis for all the domains (Retail, Insurance, 
Banking, etc).  

• Estimating automation opportunities for a particular 
project by analyzing the ticket dump provided.  

• Predicting the left shift opportunities by performing 
MTTR analysis by which the less time-consuming 
work could be transferred to the lower team. 

• Deciding the size of the hadoop cluster based on the 
data to be stored in HDFS.  

• Ensure that the hadoop cluster is up and running all the 
time.  

• Monitoring the cluster connectivity and performance. 
• Manage and review Hadoop log files. 
• Backup and recovery tasks 
• Resource and security management  
• Troubleshooting application errors and ensuring that 

they do not occur again. 
 
 

Indian Space Research Organization/ Graduate Apprentice  
SEPT EMBER 2014 – DECEMBER 2014, BANGALORE 
 

• Training on HTML, CSS, JSP, JDBC, JavaScript, Core 
Java, Basics of MySQL.  

• Implemented all the trained language into an internal 
project “CANTEEN MANAGEMENT”.  

• Basic web page was developed at the end to take 
up user details and store them into the database 
and retrieve when required. 

 
 
 
 

Programming 
 

➔ Incessant team player involved in developing statistical 
models and standalone modules 

 
➔ Proactively developed modules that'd support for Text 

Mining and Machine Learning Solutions 
➔ Developed and deployed customized DES Algorithm in R 

 
➔ Involved in upgradation of solution which emphasizes 

potential areas of opportunities to Influx Reduction 

https://www.dezyre.com/hadoop-course/hdfs


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Education 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

Design 
 

➔ Designed and deployed optimization algorithm to 
study the impact of multiple aspects of tickets on 
number of resources required. 

➔ Implemented clustering algorithm for mixed variables 
 

Strategy and Planning 

➔ Successfully delivered analytic solutions as a part of 
Automation 

➔ Extensively worked with Business Development teams to 
complete 

➔ Request for Proposals/Proactive Proposals on time  
➔ Involved in design/implementation of Classification of given 

ticket set.  
➔ Developed and deployed modules capable of data 

cleansing/categorizing. 
 

 
 
 

Post Graduate Diploma in Big Data Analytics/8.73 CGPA 
SEPT EMBER 2016 - JUNE 2017, BANGALORE 
 

Detailed Study on Hadoop and its implementations. 
 
Proficiently deployed and managed both Pseudo distributed mode 
and Multi-node cluster mode. 
 
Studied and implemented multiple Machine Learning algorithms 
using R. 
 
 
Bachelors of Engineering – Computer Science and Engg./63.35% 
SEPTEMBER 2010 - JUNE 2014, BANGALORE 
 

Member of ISTE Club Coursework in Indore Navigation on Android 
ecosystem.



 


