













































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

Mercy .A
# 40, 4th Cross, 2nd Main,

 J.J.R Nagar South,

Bangalore-560018.

M- 9741310572

mercy.sony@gmail.com

Objective:

Aspiring for a growth oriented career in an organization that is progressive and offers a challenging environment wherein I can utilize my skills and experience for the growth of the organization, develop the qualities of leadership, and contribute the best of my services for mutual benefit.
WORK EXPESRIENCE:
4 Yr 8 months

Company

: Oracle India Pvt. Ltd
Position

: Accounts Analyst

Specialization
: Worked in Oracle and Excel application

Duration

: May ’08 till date
Job Description
: Accounting Operations.
· Preparing outstanding report on Suppliers request.

· Identify the errors and loops in process of Purchase order & Invoice raise.

· Provides iSupplier portal training to key suppliers.

· Knowledge sharing with new joiners.
· Helps in resolving queries of Suppliers and Employees.
· Working with AP and TP teams to check on the invoices paid and regular follow ups to be made.
· Schedule Weekly meeting internal employees to resolve the issue related to iProcurement & product delivery.
· Establish and maintain a good rapport with the business stake holders and become the first point of contact for process related queries.
Company

: M/s. Encon Impex Pvt. Ltd 

Position

: Accountant
Specialization
: Worked in SAP and excel application

Duration

: June ‘07 – Apr ‘08
Job Description
: Accounting Operations & Reconciliation

· Recording daily transaction into account Application (Tally)

· Month End Journals Posting.
· Review Account Reconciliation, Cash Management & Balance Sheet Report.

Educational Qualification:

· B.com in B.M.S College for Women’s Basavana Gudi, Bangalore.

· Pre University College (Commerce) at B.M.S College for Women’s Basavana Gudi, Bangalore.

Additional Qualification:

Computer knowledge:

· Diploma in office management (MS-DOS-Fundamentals, Windows-98, M S Office, Fox pro Program, HTML Programming, Internet, Tally-7.2).

Personal Details:

Date of Birth:


21st Nov 1986

Father’s Name:

G.Amalanathan

Languages Known:

English, Kannada, Hindi, and Tamil

Strengths:
To be a part of a team or an individual; which works dynamically for the growth of the organization. And

Ability to adopt new environment quickly

Declaration:

                I hereby declare that the above-mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore

Date: 



                                                                        (Mercy.A)

