



















































ady resume


A D I T Y A  K A R A N  C H H I B B E R

HR Journalist Manager
Wayfarer E-Commerce Pvt. Limited – Noida (May 22 nd , 2017 – Till date)

Wayfarer is an US Online Travel Company, started back in 2015.

Key Responsibility Areas
    Recruiting new people.
    Taking Induction for them.
    Getting their documents and setting up the agent’s files.
    Taking care of their shift timings.
    Making the salaries for all the professionals.
    Handling Exit Interviews.
     Also take part in making roster for different depts.

Business Development
    Creating new business plans.
     Updating the policies of the company.
     Sharing new Ideas in growing the business.
     Working on Incentive plans for the professionals on the floor.

Lead –Recruiter
Concentrix— Gurgaon (Oct 31, 2012 – Feb 22, 2016)
Concentrix is a high value business services company found in 1991. A wholly 
owned subsidiary of SYNEX Corporation, it is a leader in high-value global business 
services.

Key Responsibility Areas
    Joined as a subject matter expert for software called QuickBooks Point of Sale.
    Within 7 months got lateral movement and became tier 2 support executive.
    Handled a team of 7 agents, who were taking care of office of president calls.
    Shared Ideas in order to improve the NPS (Net Promoter Score).
    Also trained batch of 15 trainees moved from different LOB on Point of Sale.
    Trained batch of 20 new hire trainees on POS.
    Was involved with the Training team in creating new module for point of sale.
    Was involved with the Tier 3 Support agents in US in training the support agents
    in Manila, as the support for POS moved there.
    Cleared the IJP and moved into Talent Acquisition team and worked there for 10
    months.

P R O F E S S I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E

Level 1 Instructional Designing certification from ID Mentors

BA Pass from Open Global Open University in the year 2011

12 th from National Open School in the year 2001

E D U C AT I O N  &  C E R T I F I C AT I O N

F U N C T I O N A L
E X P E R T I S E

3+ Experience in Technical 
Support, Training.

Possess strong communication, 
interpersonal skills.

Excellent interpersonal skills, 
flexibility and maturity equip 
me with confidence to interact 
well with

Individuals from diverse 
population and at various 
professional levels, even in 
complex situations.

Strong analytical and 
problem-solving skills.

P R O F I L E

Training New Hires.

Try and using new innovative 
Ideas in training new hires 
trainees.

Creating modules, which 
engage the trainees to enjoy 
training.

Recruitments, HR Journalist, 
Making Salaries and Handling 
Exit Interviews.

C O N T A C T
I N F O R M AT I O N

+91-9717382053

adityachhibber18@gmail.com

B-145 Amar Colony, Lajpat 
Nagar Part 4, New Delhi 110024



Sr. Executive
UnitedLex technical services Pvt Ltd — Gurgaon (Aug 2, 2010 –Oct 5, 2011)
UnitedLex is a legal outsourcing services provider. UnitedLex provides legal services in the fields of
litigation, electronic data discovery, document review, contract review and management, intellectual
property, immigration and law firm support.

Key Responsibility Areas
   Shared several ideas for streamlining the process as it was first of a kind in the world.
    Awarded with several certificates for providing Best English Support.
    Trained new hires who were hired for other languages on software called Onyx.
    Also trained and supported our business partners in US on the software.

Joined as CCE – Customer Care Executive, in a Process named Quicken.
IBM Daksh — Gurgaon (October 2004 – December 2009)

Key Responsibility Areas
    Joined as CCE – Customer care Executive, in a Process named Quicken.
   Responsible to support the US citizen using the software Quicken.
   Within a span of 1.5 years got a lateral movement in a department named Office of President.
   I was responsible to handle all the escalations sent to the office of president of Intuit.
   In these 5 years I was part of BETA Testing team of the software, where we used to test new version of Quicken, and
    find bugs in the software.
   Shared my ideas in order to make the software more compatible to the Printers.
   I was also involved with Quality and Training team, in order to increase the C-Sat and C-rez score for the New Hires
    Voice team and the Web Team
   Took 2 Training batches, who performed the best on the floor for straight 2 years.
   I was recognized with 4 Awards within a span of 5 years

Fish Training
Corporate Executive training
H2O Training

T R A I N I N G S :

Date of Birth                :  November 18 1982
Permanent address     :  B-145 Amar Colony Lajpat Nagar 4.
Father’s Name             :  Dr. Achleshwar Kumar Chhibber
Marital Status             :  Married

P E R S O N A L  D E T A I L S


