


















































CURRICULUM VITAE
                                                                 
Nainsee gupta
Flat No 402, Krishna Kunj Apartment, Sector 19C,  Koparkharine, Navi Mumbai -400709                                      
   
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Looking for a career opportunity in a company which will challenge my capability to build effective decisions which will guide to, profitability and growth of an association.

                                                               JOB EXPERIENCE
Financial Process Analyst at XL Dynamics, Navi Mumbai - Experience 3 year
Roles and Responsibilities:
Responsible for analysis of  FHA, VA, conventional mortgage loans.
 It involves:
· Dealing in funding quality check of mortgages of US Citizens.
· Detailed review and QC of loan documents to determine if all federal, state, agency requirements and internal overlay are met.
· High quality research and recommendation to senior management on loan scenario that exceed our acceptable threshold. 
· Auditing the database for separate loans for detecting several Red Flags as per the state and Federal guidelines and taking necessary steps to mitigate the issues.
· Correct resolution and QC of critical conditions in timely manner that speed up loan closing and contributes to deliver great customer services. 
· Analysis of Credit Report. 
· Preparation of daily and weekly report related with property management.
                                           EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
	Course
	Institute/College
	University/Board
	Year
	% / CGPA

	PGDM
	JIMS New Delhi
	JIMS New Delhi
	2015
	69 %

	BBA
	Christian eminent college, indore
	DAVV Indore
	2012
	71 %

	12th
	Saraswati  Higher Secondary School
	M.P. Board
	2009
	79.4%

	10th
	Saraswati  Higher Secondary School
	M.P. Board
	2007
	72 %



INTERNSHIP DETAILS
   Company: India Infoline Ltd.
   Project Title: Financial Planning        
   Description of the Project:
· Financial Planning helps in ensuring a reasonable balance between outflow and inflow of funds so that stability is maintained.
· It reduces uncertainties with regards to changing market trends which can be faced easily through enough funds.
· It helps in making growth and Prosper which helps in long-run survival of the individual.
· Combination of different stocks we can reduce the risk and we can increase the return of a portfolio. 
ACHIEVEMENTS
· Won the 1st prize in stock trading competition at college.
· Won the 2nd Prize in Collage Making competition at college. 
· Participated in Inter-college competition “Being Manager” at NILM college, Noida.

· Coordinator of BULL’S & BEAR event in annual management Fest”OCCULT2K13” at JIMS year 2013.
·  Participated in Business Simulation game at college.

· Written the article for college Magazine “PRADEET”

CERTIFICATION
· Certificate in Tally ERP 9, Commerce concept, Indore


                                                      KEY/COMPUTER SKILLS
Adaptability/Flexibility and Decision making ability, Hardworking, Knowledge of  MS-Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, & Outlook), Adobe 11, Tally ERP9


PERSONAL DETAILS                           
Nationality:                        Indian
Languages Known:           English and Hindi
Phone No:                          +91 9987971834
E-mail ID:                          2Nainseegupta@gmail.com
Date of Birth:                     02nd October 1992
Permanent Address:         Ward no. 8, near primary school, Beohari, Dist. Shahdol (M.P.)


DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and best of my knowledge and belief. 

    Place: Navi Mumbai                                                    Date: 

