




















































RESUME


 

UDAYA KUMAR                                                                 

                                                                                                                 E-Mail:- udaykumar92.uk@gmail.com 

                                                                                                                 Mobile:-7795407778 

 

Professional Summary 

 1.5 Years of experience as Web Developer in software design, analysis, development, testing and 

implementation of client-server applications using Microsoft Technologies. 

 Experience in Tibco ActiveMatrix Openspace, RAI Mono Editor and Photoshop CS6. 

 Worked experience on HTML, CSS and Basic JAVASCRIPT. 

 Experience in C#, ASP.Net, Sql Server. 

 Ability to learn & develop using new technologies quickly. 

 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 

 

Professional Work Experience 

 

 Total  Year  of  Experience 1.5 Year  
 

Since June,   2018 with MPS Limited, Bangalore                                    

 Worked on Several websites designing as well as customizations. 
                                                                                                             

   

Technology: Tibco ActiveMatrix Openspace and RAI Mono Editor with Html, CSS and Bootstrap. 

Responsibility 

 Understanding client requirements and designing the Websites. 

 Creating E-Forms, maps etc. 

 Adding privacy policy and GA Code 

 Embedding pixel codes to websites 

 Creating new pages and templates 

.   

 Since June,   2017 with Blitzschlag Technologies Pvt Ltd, Bangalore                           

   GST Billing Software   (Real Time Project)   
                                                                                                      

    

mailto:udaykumar92.uk@gmail.com


 

Technology: ASP.Net, C# and  SQL Server-2008. 

 GST billing software for enterprises. It has a complete tax management feature which helps in 

generating GST invoices and file GST returns. It enables efficient accounting and tax management. 

 

Responsibility 

 Understanding user requirements, designing and developing the application. 

 Creating Web Pages using ASP.Net 

 Creating Entities using Entity Framework in VS 2015 

 Creating some business logic using SQL queries 

 

Educational Qualification 

 

Personal Profile  

Date of Birth     :   Jan 22 1992 

Hobbies              :   Swimming and cooking  

Languages known                   :  English, Kannada, Marathi & Hindi                                                                 

  I here by declare that all the information mentioned above is true and complete to the best of my knowledge.  

Place: Bangalore                                                                            Udaya Kumar  

Course 

 

Institution 

 

Board / University 
Year of 

Completion 

 

Aggregate 

(%) 

MCA 

Dr Ambedkar Institute Of 

Technology, Bangalore 

Visvesvaraya Technological 

University (VTU) 

 

2017 

 

 

73 

 

BCA 
Saraswati BCA College 

Basavakalyan 

Gulbarga University 

Kalaburagi 

 

2015 

 

82 


