












































CURRICULAM VITAE

                                            Curriculum Vitae
MARY PHILIP
Chittetuparayil House                                                       
Kolenchery(Po)                               
682311

Ernakulam (Dis)


Email:cherubic1989@gmail.com

Contact No:0974609705,09597548728
Career Objective:

Intend to work in a growing company to further widen my knowledge and skills in a place where I can take up new tasks and utilize my skills and talent to a maximum extent which in turn will definitely fulfill the corporate mission. 

Educational Profile:

· I am pursuing my M.B.A  Specialization in Major Human Resource and Finance  from Bharathiar University, Coimbatore.
· Completed B.com  from M G University through Chinmaya Vidyapeet ,Ernakulam  in the year 2010.
· Completed my plus two from CBSE through St. Peters Senior Secondary School, Kadayiruppu, in the year 2007
·  I completed my 10th from CBSE Board through St. Peters Senior Secondary School, Kadayiruppu.
· PROJECT PROFILE :

Name of the company
: Bharat Petroleum Corporation LTD, Kochi Refinary

Topic                            : The Impact of Human Resource Developmental Initiatives  

                                      among Officers in BPCL-KR

Period                           : May 1 to June 26, 2011

Role                              : Management Trainee in L&D Department

Responsibility               : Pay roll

                                      Maintaining files

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS         

Excellent verbal communication skill, ability to deal with people in an optimistic way, ability to lead a group, smart worker, highly organized, efficient, flexible, versatile, confident, enthusiastic team player who would work hard in any environment, willing to take on challenging roles and tasks for the achievement of company’s goal.
Technical skills:
                                    

· Computer basics

· MS office

· MS excel
Personal skils:

· Communication skill

· Ability to deal with people diplomatically

· Willingness to learn

· Team facilitator 

· Hard worker.

INTERESTS: Reading, Cooking, Interacting 




ACHEIVEMENTS:




· Got third place for AD ZAP in intra college management meet

· Got third place for inter college group song competition.

· Got Third place for Essay Writing Competition.

· Got first place for inter college fashion show.

· Participated for intra college business quiz at CUSAT .

  CAREER GOAL 



Looking forward to a challenging and long term job in the field of Finance where I can develop my own potential under a promising and prosperous enterprise. Work for the organization’s development by contributing my best efforts and talents to the maximum of my ability.

 PERSONAL DETAILS 


Age as on 06.05.2012 & DOB  :23 years 22-01-1989

Sex



  : Female

Name                                        : Mary Philip

Father’s Name                          : Philip. C. Mani

Mother’s Name                       : Neena Philip

Nationality                               : Indian
 REFFRENCES: 

Thomas T .Thomas

 Principal Of Guruvayurappan Institute Of Management

 Ph.No:09791509944   Email Id: principalgim@gmail.com

    
