














































Loganathan Viswanathan. 
4 Yrs experience 
 
Mobile: 0091 9710 333678 / 0091 8838070678 
E-mail: Logunathan01@gmail.com 
 

Objective 
 

To excel in the Profession by contributing continuously towards the organizational growth and 
administration. Providing seamless support by utilizing every opportunity to achieve both personal and 
professional development. 

 

Experience Summary 

 

 Overall 3+ years of experience in Mainframe. 

 Contributing efforts in WIPRO TECHNOLOGIES as Support Analyst from July 2013. 

 Currently working in Batch Monitoring, Scheduling and Job recovery under CITI BANK. 
 

Educational Summary 

 

 B.E - (ECE) from KSR College of Engineering, Anna University, Chennai. 

 HSC from Vigneswara Vidyalaya, Tirupur. 

 SSLC from Vigneswara Vidyalaya, Tirupur. 
 

Project Summary 

 

July 2013 – Till date 
Designation: Project Engineer  
Client: Citi Bank, Team: Deployment Team, Team size : 16 

 

 Skill Sets 
 
        Operating Systems : z/OS 

Scheduling Tools : OPC 
Monitoring Tool : TWS 

 Version Control Tool  : Change Man 
  
Responsibilities 

 

 Monitoring and Supporting of jobs in 3 LPAR’s (3 LPAR’s at a time) of mainframe server in 
which nearly 40000 Jobs are running.  

 Supporting Production(UAT) and Testing(SIT, DIT, Legacy) Environments. 

 Fixing job abends by restarting, Force completing as per the request .  

 Scheduling Jobs, Dependencies and other options in all 3 LPAR’s.  

 Working on CICS panel and TPFQA requests.  

 Analyzing abended job in SAR and fixing some of simple error(contention issue, space issue etc) 

 Daily & monthly meeting with client.  

 Attended discussions with managers for team growth and ability.  

 Attending daily and interim check point calls with Client and Support team. 

 Preparing daily and weekly reports to client.  

 Taken technical presentations to team and fresher’s.  



Certification 
 

 IBM System z and zOS Fundamental Mastery.  
 

Trainings Attended 

 

 Scheduling and monitoring using OPC.  

 Basics of JCL and Mainframe system administration. 

 Basics of DB2.  

 Basics of subsystems by team members.  

 Mainframe Systems Z/OS advanced by IBM.  
 
Competencies 

 

 Organized and well-structured at work.  

 Very good as a trainer.  

 Independent, self-confident and highly motivated  

 Committed to deadlines and schedules.  

 Honest, sincere and hard worker with high level of integrity.  

 Adaptable, flexible and can become good team member.  

 Very good at communication, interpersonal and leadership skills  
 

Personal Details 
 
Date of Birth : 14

th
 January 1992. 

Nationality : Indian. 
Sex : Male.  
Marital status : Single. 

Languages Known : English and Tamil.  
Passport No : L2159871. 

 

Declaration 

 
I hereby declare that all information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Place: Chennai 

Date:  Loganathan Viswanathan. 


