

















































RESUME







Name: Mohit Padwa
Mailto: mohitpadwa2032.bit@gmail.com	 		                          Mobile No.: +9051535354
                                                                                                                                      


	Objective:
	
	
	
	
	

	Looking for an opportunity that best utilizes my over 6.3 years of technical experience in IBM Assembler and different areas like SDLC, End to End Solution design, Development.  
Enrich my experience with new challenges and expose myself to diverse technological advancement. To gain knowledge and contribute effectively and efficiently with the team I am working with and derive the full advantage of my skills to empower company and intellect both.


                 
 
	Technical Skills:

	Languages:
	Assembler, COBOL, JCL

	DBMS:
	VSAM

	Tools and Utilities:
	IDCAMS, IEBGENER, SYNCSORT, FILE MASTER, ENDEVOR

	Hardware Platforms:
	IBM Mainframe, IBM Compatible PC

	Operating Systems:
	MVS, OS/390, Mainframe Z/OS, Windows



         
 Career Summary:
· Mainframe Experience (Assembler, JCL): 6.3 years. 
· Domain: Worked on various domain as follows:
1. Insurance (LifeComm)
2. Banking and Financial Services (Cards and Payment Industry) 
· Hands-on experience in all stages of Batch system development efforts including requirements analysis, Preparing Designs, Development, Testing, Implementation and Deployment. 
· Strong communicator and maintain relationship with coworkers in team environment. 
· Well organized, with excellent in multi-tasking and prioritizing the work. 
            

Work Experience: 6.3 years
Currently working for: 
	Organization
	DXC Technologies (Noida)

	Duration
	February 22nd, 2017 - Present 

	Designation
	Professional 1: Product Developer



Previously worked for:
	Organization
	Cognizant Technology Solutions (Kolkata)

	Duration
	July 2011 – February 14th, 2017 

	Designation
	Associate






PROJECTS PROFILE

1)
	Organization
	DXC Technologies

	Project
	Lincoln

	Team
	LifeComm

	Role
	Offshore Team Member

	Solution Environment
	Mainframe Z/OS

	Duration
	February 22nd, 2017 - Present 


Project Objective
Process and control Life and Health Insurance data.
Project Description
Life Insurance product.
Roles and Responsibilities: 
· Production Support
· Code changes for the Existing programs
· Unit Testing, Regression Testing and UAT
· Bug Fixing.
· Handling production abends.
· Given the responsibility of grooming the new team members
· Technically leading a team of 4 members

2)
	Organization
	Cognizant Technology Solutions

	Project
	First Data Merchant Services

	Team
	South Auth

	Role
	Offshore Team Member

	Solution Environment
	Mainframe Z/OS

	Duration
	July 2011 – February 14th, 2017 



Project Objective
Involves the creation and maintaining sequence flows for credit card applications.
Project Description
First Data Corporation is one of the biggest acquirer in the U.S credit card industry a major player of transaction flow around the world. First Data Merchant Services (FDMS®), a subsidiary of First Data Corporation, is the worldwide leader in electronic payment solutions.

South Auth basically does validation on card transactions submitted from Merchant’s POS terminal for Authorization, also provides the Merchant properties through Merchant database for a card transaction. Once the validation is over, transaction will be converted to association format (Visa, MC) and then sent to association and then association to issuer.
After receiving the response from association, it again converted to Merchant format and sent required fields to Merchant in their format.


Role and Responsibilities

· Production Support
· Requirement Analysis and Design
· Code changes for the Existing programs
· Unit Testing, Regression Testing and UAT
· Handled some major and critical projects alone. For some projects, I got opportunity to write new programs.
· Bug Fixing.
· Handling production abends.
· Given the responsibility of grooming the new team members
· Maintaining project management
· Technically leading a team of 4 members


Education Summary:
	Degree
	Institute
	CGPA/% Marks

	MCA
	Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra (Jharkhand)
	8.36

	BCA
	Maharaja Ranjit Singh Collage of Professional Science, Indore (M.P.)
	67.28%

	12th
	Central Public School, Kota (Rajasthan)
	71.08%

	10th 
	Govt. Sr. Sec. School, Chechat, Dist. Kota (Rajasthan)
	79%




Reason for change:
· The opportunity to broaden my skill
· Looking for increased responsibility
· I am looking for a position like this which is an excellent match for my skills and experience 
· I am interested in a new challenge and an opportunity to use my technical skills and experience in a different capacity than I have in the past. 


Area of Interest 
· Programming 
· Sports 
· Dancing 

Personal Details                  
	Father's Name
	Mr. Dinesh Padwa

	Date of Birth
	17th July 1988

	Gender
	Male

	Nationality
	Indian

	Marital Status
	Married

	Address
	D - 65, Sector 61, Noida - 201301 (U.P.)


          


2

