












































Vikas Kumar

                                   RESUME
Tarun Kumar Joshi                                                        
               House No.-9, 19th cross, 7th main, BTM, 2nd layout, Bangalore,
Karnataka (560076)
                        Mobile: +91 – 8970375490, Email: professionaltarunjoshi@gmail.com
To achieve excellence in the field of Software development and Systems Application through professional work dedication, innovative and challenging frame of mind. Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential.

Achievements:

· Training from HCL Infosystems Ltd.
· Active participation on cultural activities of College.
· Scored first position in General Knowledge Competition in school.

· Actively participated in Event 0rganisation & Cultural activities

Professional Qualification
· B.Tech (Computers) 2010 in Computer Science ENgg. With 69.5%.
Software Skills
Operating System             :        Windows (Xp, Vista)

Computer Knowledge     :
        MS Office, Computer Hardware

Computer Language       :
        SQL, PL/SQL, C++
Database

           :        Oracle9i 
Software used                    :
         TOAD, Help File
Present Involvement





 (Six Month Training) in   HCL INFOSYSTEMS LIMITED
 Worked as a team member (trainee) in a project of HCL INFOSYSTEMS LIMITED in       Rudrapur, Uttrakhand.
Project:-
· Project Title             : -           CHAT APPLICATION.

· Environment 
       : -            Window Xp.

· Team Size                  : -           6.
· Database

       : -           Mysql.
· Technology                : -          SQL, PL/SQL, PHP, Hardware.
· Responsibility
       : -           Developer, Documentation, Analyzing.
Description: 
The project work titled “CHAT APPLICATION” is aimed for the purpose of easy handling of communication between two computers. It provides an interface between two computers. With the help of this interface the two computers can communicate with each other without the help of any server.  
Academics:
· 12th Science group from Government Inter College Sitarganj India.

· 10th Science Group from Saraswati Vidya Mandir, Sitarganj, India.
Strengths:
I am straightforward, analytical and very practical in my life. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. My assets are my leadership qualities, discipline, honesty & sincerity in my efforts. I am analytical to the business, my duties & for documentation.
Personal Details

Father’s Name

:
  Mr. Bhuwan Chandra Joshi

Mother’s Name

:
  Mrs. Jaya Joshi

Date of Birth

:
  24 July 1988

Marital Status

:
   Single

Hobbies 

:
   Reading & rock Climbing. 

Nationality

:              Indian
Language Known
:
    English, Hindi
Place- Bangalore





Tarun Kumar Joshi
