


















































Naresh Siddagoni

Hyderabad, India.
Mobile : +91 953-375-6746
Email    : siddagoninaresh94@gmail.com 

                                                                                                                                                               Career Objective


 To build up a career where my skills help the organization to achieve their goals. To enhance myself in technical as well as professional skills which help me in dealing with professional challenges and seeking a responsible position.
Professional Experience

Global logic Technologies (Client: Google India Pvt Ltd)
[Analyst - Search & Platforms]
July 2016 – Present
Roles and responsibilities:
· As an Analyst I am accountable for below deliverable.
· Reviewing the website content and taking appropriate action to enhance the user experience on the Google search
· Deal with cases filed by worldwide users on sensitive content such as (Explicit, Private photos and Videos ext....)
· Doing quality for the team is one of my main role.
· Maintaining continuous communication with team and the clients regarding policies change and easy techniques to achieve more production with high quality.
· Training new hires in my project is a part of the job
Achievements:
· Achieved employee of the month twice in the tenure of 8 months.
· Played a major role in the team to achieve 100% quality for the 8 months straight.
· Number of appreciations from the client (Google) for the playing major role in improvising the techniques of the process.
VR Cyber Security
[Software Engineering Intern]
July 2015 – December 2015—Worked on Windows administration & networking. Worked towards CCNA certification.

Defense Research Development Laboratory, Government of India
[Engineering Intern]
January 2015 – April 2015—Worked on a networking project “Advanced Multi-Threaded Proxy Server” under the guidance of scientist Dr. M Narsimha(Sc ‘F’).

Education

Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad [2011-2015]
[Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science and Engineering]
CGPA: 70%
Projects 

Advanced Multi-Threaded Proxy Serve (Major Project)
[7th Semester]
Developed a distributed proxy server for sophisticated network analysis at Defense Research Development Laboratory under the scientist Dr. M Narsimha.
Online Copyright and Agreement system with Digital signature (Mini Project)
[6th Semester]
Developed a next generation copyright and agreement system which protects the user using digital signature technology.
Skills and Competence

Software Engineering
· C/C++
· Java
· Web – HTML / CSS
Database Systems 
Can work on Object-Relational (MySQL) database systems. Experience on database administration.
Others
MS Office.
                  Extracurricular Engagements

Microsoft Student Partner
[Microsoft India]
Microsoft Developer Evangelist. Helping Microsoft promote products across India.
