














































PAWAN BAGGA

prabhat Kumar Purohit                              
                                        
E-mail: prabhat.purohit75@gmail.com

Mob: 8088820510
Always looking for a career growth along with the company in finance and banking sector. Focused on learning which will give me new opportunities. My long term goal is to be an expert in Forex management and Trade Finance.
Abstract

A dynamic finance professional with 6.7 years of experience in Trade Finance. 
Presently at HDFC Bank, Bangalore. From Jun 2014
Role: Assistant Manager - Export Team, Trade Finance
Responsibilities:-

·  Handling various Export transaction :Discounting , collection, Lodgment,
 Liquidation, GR Waiver, Merchanting Trade, service case, Regularization.
 Set Off cases.
· Managing inward tracker :Refusal Report, acceptance ,acknowledgement,
 MT734 MT412, MT410
· Knowledge on RBI Master direction for Export
· Doing Call back for Advance Payment(Import)
· Handling Pre Shipment and Post Shipment Finance.
· Handling customer query and sending email to customer. 

· Export Document checking 

· Knowledge on UCP 600,ISP 98
· Knowledge on OFAC sanction country

· Handling Travellers Cheque

Previous Organization: Deutsche Bank (DBOI) Nov 2013-  May 2014

Job Handled:  Import Payment   MT202

                      Inward Tracker

Earlier Organization: MHM Holdings Pvt. Ltd. and Meher Advanced Materials Pvt. Ltd.  (Meher Group) as an Financial Analyst. (Sept’10-Nov’13)

Responsibilities:-

· Overall responsibility for opening LC. Inland LC and Foreign LC, Calculating the margin money. 
· Applying for Buyers credit, calculating the interest rate. Keeping a track on maturity date. Tracking the LIBOR rate for JPY. 
· Doing the hedging strategy for imported raw material and capital goods. Going for forward contract. INRJPY, USDINR. USDJPY, calculating the premium or discount before going for the forward contract. 
· Meeting treasury official and Bank officials on a regular basis for various issues. 
· Maintaining the LC register. With data, LC opening date, Invoice amount, Bill of lading date, Usance period and maturity date.  
· Analysing various option as how to reduce the cost for our company.
· Updating myself with various RBI guidelines related to Import .
· Meeting with treasury officials of SBI Overseas Bank, Bangalore. Updating myself on Global political and economical events/results.
· Always updated myself with the financial position of our company and analysing the cash flow statement and balance sheet.
Achievement:- 
·  Error free transaction for the last financial year.
· Handled old cases and completed the Export transaction
Proficiency Forte:-
·  Updated with new rules and regulations related to Export  and Import
·  Ability to finish the transaction based on priority.
· Strong in Economics theory. It will help me to analyse/understand the product demand, profitability from normal production function and Overhead cost.
 Internship
Oct’09—Jan’10



                       HSBC Private Banking, Bangalore 


· Responsible for portfolio restructuring and updating the fund performance sheet.
· Handling many HNI clients queries and given them satisfactory solutions.
· Analyse the available risk profile of Private banking clients and update that, based on client meeting.
· Viewing the index movement and comparing it with many macroeconomic data like Inflation numbers.  

Academic
· M.A Eco. 
 IGNOU, Bangalore                                                       IGNOU                2012 
65%
· PGDM
 Institute of Business Management and Technology       Autonomous
2010 
60%
· B.A

 B.J.B College, Bhubaneswar 
                           Utkal University
2007
63%
· XII

 Sohela College, Sohela 

                                    CHSE

2004
57%

· X

 S.J. High School, Bheden

                          BSE

2000
58%


Certification 
· JAIIB-2016
· CERTIFICATE COURSE IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE-(2016, JULY)

· CAPITAL MARKET (DEALERS) MODULE
· FEDAI training on Foreign Exchange Business and Regulatory Requirements under FEMA-1999

Conducted by Canara Bank, Bangalore from 22-08-2016 to 26-08-2016

Personal Information
Name 


: 
Prabhat Kumar Purohit
Fathers Name 

: 
Prahallad Purohit
Permanent Address
:
At-Badali,Po-Ulunda,Dist-Sonepur,State-Orissa,Pin-767034
Status 


:
Married


Date of Birth

20-May-1985



Address

No.108,Ground Floor

Shreyas Residency

2nd Cross, Kathriguppe Village, BSK 3RD Stage

 Bangalore.

Pin – 560 085.



Contact No. 

91-8088820510

           







MBA

M.A ECONOMICS









Finance







HDFC BANK

Asst. Manager 

(LC, PCFC,EPCL,Export Regularization,Collection,liquadation) 











IT Skills

MS Office, Windows







