















































Kem Mudliyar      +91 998-704-4520          

Human Resource Professional        kemanderan.mudliyar@gmail.com             

12 years experience           https://in.linkedin.com/in/kemanderan-mudliyar-b1b97718          

Hexaware Technologies Limited – Present      Kemanderan                          

           

 

 

 

 

 

Skills & Experience Level      Employment Synopsis:                                                                                                                                                                              

Communication                            

         11 yrs             July 2014 – Present  : Assistant Manager - HR                           
Leadership           

          5 yrs                                                                                                                         
Recruitment                             March 2013 – June 2014 : Talent Acquisition Specialist             

          5 yrs                                                                                                                    

Grievance Handling                                                                                                                      

          4 yrs                              March 2006 to June 2012 : Senior Specialist                                                                             
Performance Management                                                                                                

          3+ yrs                                                                                                           
Employee Engagement                                                       Dec 2004 to Dec 2005 : Customer Response Executive                                           

          3+ yrs                                                                                                           
Statutory & Audit Compliance                                                                                                     

        2.5 yrs                      

 

 

 

 

I am a Post Graduate with specialization in Human Resource Management. I have 6+ years of extensive experience in 

Human Resource Management working with industries like IT, ITES, & Telecom.  I have earned expertise in HR Business 

Partnering, Recruitment, Performance Management, Employee Engagement, Grievance Handling, Statutory compliance 

& employee life cycle management. 

 

 

mailto:kemanderan.mudliyar@gma


                                                                                                                                                                                          

Areas of Expertise Overview: 

 

HR Business Partner: 
 Supporting the delivery of HR processes for respective business across the centre 

 Maintaining a strong business relationship with the business managers across all levels 

 Regular interaction with respective client and manage human resource related escalation 

 Analyzing and presenting Human Resource attrition trend  

 Collaborating and partnering with internal stakeholders to facilitate achieving business objectives and support 
the Human Resources manager in addressing organizational issues 

 Maintaining a positive employee relations environment by implementing regular staff welfare/ recreation 
programs and through regular communication and engagement with staff. 

 Budget planning & contributing to the Company’s profitability by adhering to the department’s budget. 

 

 

HR Generalist: 

  Induction: 

 Planning and driving induction 

 Design and conduct new employee orientations  

 Establish connect 30, 60 & 90 days with employee 
 Analyze feedback and take appropriate action 

 

Performance Appraisal (PM):- 

 Designing departmental as well as individuals KRA. 

 Managing Appraisal process and establishing framework for substantiating Performance Appraisal system linked 
to Reward Management.  

 Conduct sessions to explain the concept of Performance Appraisals in the Organization.  

 Evolving, Monitoring, & Reviewing Annual Performance Appraisal. 

  Formulation & implementation of increment policy.  

 
Employee Relationship Management: 

 Ensuring prompt resolution of employee grievances to maintain cordial employee relations.  
 Encourage Employee engagement & participation. 

 Focus on Employees Satisfaction & Motivation 

 Regular one-on-one session with employees, analyze, track and share the feedback with stakeholders 

 Drive the skip level meetings, analyze, track and monitor till closure 
 
Employee Engagement Activities:-  

 Drive various motivational, fun, business and team building activities on the floor like floor games, quizzes, and 
maintaining trackers for the same.  

 Conduct employee engagement surveys and plan for improvement in employee engagement score 

 Designing appropriate strategies in rewards and recognition of associates 

 Conducting award ceremonies end -to- end.  
 Focus on Employees Satisfaction & Motivation 

 
Attrition & Exit Analysis: 

 Periodic attrition analysis 

 Review attrition trend and chalk out action plan according to the trend 
 Present and share attrition trend analysis with stakeholders 

 Analyze exit feedback  

 Investigate, provide feedback to the stakeholders and close the exit interview action items. 
 
 



Grievance Handling: 

 Systematic tracking of employee grievance till closure 

 Managing disciplinary cases with systematic investigations and due diligence.  

 Addressing queries with respect to policies, payroll, codes of conduct, etc.  
 
ISO Audits 

 Maintain all HR BAU according to ISO standards 

 Organizing monthly internal audit and regular external audit for  Information Security Management and Quality 
management 
 

Talent Acquisition: 

 Designing and implementing overall recruitment strategy 

 Drive the recruitment life cycle (including bulk hiring)- Sourcing, Screening, Short listing, Salary Negotiations & 
on-boarding 

 Partnering with hiring managers to determine staffing needs  
 Maintaining relationship with internal and external clients to ensure staffing goals are achieved 

 Market analysis and benchmarking of human resource requirement 

 Detail planning of source mix, budgeting for manpower planning 

 Log creation of relative compensation data as gathered while meeting prospective candidates  
 Serving as a liaison with employment agencies, colleges and industry associations  

 Maintaining and publishing various recruitment reports 

 Evaluate performance of recruitment vendors  

 Drive the entire  on-boarding and reference checks within SLA 
Team Management:  

 Discussion and assigning all open positions according to recruiter 

 Evaluate performance of recruiter 

 Regular feedback to recruiters on performance 

 Monthly rating discussion with recruiters 

                                                                              

 
Education:- 

Course Certifying Board 
 Year 

Masters in Human Resource Management Nagpur University 
2013-2015 

Diploma in  HR Management Karma Institute of Management, Mumbai 
2011-12 

Bachelor of Arts  Nagpur University 
2002 

H.S.C  Nagpur Board 
1999 

  

Personal Information:- 

Date of Birth : 19th January, 1980 

Marital Status  :   Married 

Linguistic Proficiency : English, Hindi, Tamil, knowledge of Marathi reading and writing. 

Address :  Ved Arya Society, House No-35, Rajgurah Nagar, Jaripatka, Nagpur. 


	Education:-

