

























 
 
KARTHICK.K 

Specialization –Human Resource Management  

rthick25@gmail.com 

+91 8095964040 

Alternate Number: 99457 05597 

 
                                                              ​www.linkedin.com/in/karthick-k-HR 

 
OBJECTIVE  
  
To work in a creative and challenging environment and gain knowledge in HR 

processes for the growth of the organization and oneself. 

 
STRENGTHS 
 

● Confidence and ability to learn fast and contribute. 
● Flexible to grasp new skills. 
● Demonstrates flexibility, adaptability in daily work and also to change the 

strategies procedures. 

● Believe in teamwork and a strong team player which helps to easily fit in any 
team. 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
 

● Masters Degree (2013):​ Master of Social work -M.S.W (HR)- ​Christ 
University  

● Bachelor Degree (2011):​ Bachelor of Social Work (B.S.W)- ​Madras 
Christian college (MCC) 

 
INTERNSHIP 
 

● Airport Authority of India- Central Government (AAI)-Chennai: 
Completed 6 weeks of internship in the Human Resource department by 

assisting the HR professionals in executing the HR processes. 

 

● Big Bazaar. (Retail Sector)-​ ​Coimbatore​: Completed 8 weeks of internship 
as HR professional by conducting Employee referral and Employee retention 

surveys. 

 

● GE India.Pvt.Ltd. (Manufacturing Sector)-​ ​Bangalore​: Completed 8 weeks 
of internship as HR professional by performing employee work involvement 

survey and also engaged in HR day to day activities. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
  

       ​Organization:​ IBM India Private Limited 
Designation:​  HR Executive-payroll and Global Mobility, Post on-boarding 
specialist, Campus Recruiter & Documentation specialist and IBM Employee Notes 

ID coordinator. 

Work Experience:​ June 2013 - May 2017 
Experience in years:​ 3 Year and 11 months 
Location:​ Bangalore 

 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

http://www.linkedin.com/in/karthick-k-HR


 

Recruitment: 

● End to end recruitment it includes Campus and Off-campus hiring​ for 
Mobility Workforce Service Desk (MWSD) for Global Technology 

Services(​GTS​)and other Business unit of IBM 
● Coordinated & Supported the B-School​ (MBA hiring) Recruitment 

process, especially Offer processing for ​Internship & Full time regular 
hires​. 

● Hands on experience in Sourcing from Job portals such as Naukri, Monster, 
Times Job and Sourcing suitable profiles from Internal IBM portal 

● Coordinated & Supported Recruitment events​ for Campus (B-School, 
E-School, Global business services and Global Technology Services) and 

Off-campus drives for all Business Units within IBM. 

● Hands on experience in ​Sourcing & Scheduling interviews​ for Big Data 
Analytics, Data Scientist, Technical Sales role for IBM Analytics.  

● Handled ​End to end Documentation process​ including but not limited to 
Offer process, Candidate management, ​Pre-hire verification, Onboarding 
assistance​ etc.  

     Post on-boarding specialist and Background verifications: 

● Experience in creating ​LOTUS NOTES ID, re-issuing the ID file and 
deletion​ process for 3 countries IBM employees on priority basis. (India, Sri 
Lanka and Bangladesh). 

● Mailbox management and query solving ​regarding employee Notes ID 
and employee number creation and deletion. 

● Handling ad-hoc requirements in ​creations​ & ​deletion​ of IBM employees 
lotus notes ID across ​PAN INDIA​. 

● Post on-boarding activities​ like cross verifying the employee details and 
cross checking the all the mandatory documents. 

● Pre-hire and Rehire ​checks for all the new joiners and validating the 
complete documents and offer letter processing. 

Payroll Specialist: 

● Handling all salary related queries and explaining employees pay slip related 
deductions. 

● Educating details about taxations. 
● Part of ​global mobility team​ handling and guiding onsite going employees 

about their travel expense, accommodation and AMEX card claims.  

 

 

      Organization​: ​Google (Via Cognizant Technology Solutions) 
      Designation​: Senior Process Executive-(​Channels Specialist) 
      ​Work Experience: ​May 2017​- ​Till date 
      ​Location:​ Bangalore 
 

Roles & Responsibilities: 

 

Mapping: 

 

● Sourcing profile from the professional job portal (Lateral profiles) 
Screening their skills and relevant experiences based on the work domain both 

current as well as past work experience. 

● Categorising the profiles based on their work performed.  
● Mapping and feeding their information(data) in the company confidential portal. 

Triaging and segregating the projects on priority. 

● Work on target based numbers for the special projects. 
 

 

 



               Team Engagement Activity:  

 

● Being a part of employee engagement activity team. 
● Conducting and coordinating events within the teams. 
● Progressing as an versatile active participant in all team engagement activities.  

 

Skills 

 

1. Proficient at Windows Family (95, 98, 2000 & XP) 

2. MS-Excel - Powerpoint Applications 

3. Pivot Table- Pie charts, Graphs 

4. VLookup  

5. Formulas (Count-if, Length, Left & Right number alignments, Concatenate etc.) 

6. Mail Merge 

7. Sourcing 

8. Campus events and managing process.  

9. Merging and coordinating as team in positive with all groups. 

10. Team handling.  

 

PERSONAL DETAILS  

 

Date of Birth :  25/01/1991 

Gender :  Male 

Language Known :  Tamil, English & Kannada (Talk) 

       Current Address           :   K.R.Puram, Old Madras road, 

                                     Bangalore- 560036 

Permanent Address : L-58, Anna kudiyiruppu​,​ S.V Mill post,  
                                   Udumalpet, Tiruppur(D.T), Tamil Nadu, Pin: 642 126 

Marital Status :  Single 

 

DECLARATION 

 

I hereby declare that all the above-furnished information is true to the best of my 

knowledge and belief.  

 

PLACE: Bangalore   

SIGNATURE   

(KARTHICK K) 

 


