










































Vinay Singh

Vinay Kumar Singh

Address: C. B. Gulwala Compound (192-A) Room no. 2,

               Lower Parel (E) Mumbai - 400013. Opposite – Trimurti Dham Mandir
 vinays976@gmail.com,  vinay.singh2012@rediffmail.com
91-97699 94508 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                     
Date of Birth: - 10thJune 1983

Qualifications -


50% B.Com from Mumbai University in 2003/04  

55% H.S.C. From Mumbai Board in 2000/01 

45% S.S.C. From Mumbai Board in 1997/98 

Other Qualifications: -


Certificate course in Computer hardware, Internet and MS-Office.

Already worked and Knowledge of Software's Microsoft Access & Excel, Finnone, SAP and CTL

Professional Summary: -
I have more than 5 years of work experience in varied fields ranging from Insurance Processing to Banking/Corporate Sales and Operations. Prior to ICICI Bank, I worked with Reliance Infostreem Pvt. Ltd. for more than 1 years & gained experience in Customer Service (front office as well as back office).

My specialization includes Schedule and MIS Preparation New Projects.

Complete knowledge of all processes of Schedule Preparation and am also cross-trained for Repossess Provisioning process simultaneously.

I am willing to acquire skills in different financial areas so that I make a difference to my organization through effective execution of my responsibilities and enhancing my value in the organization by consistently delivering high quality work.

Work Experience: -


1:- Citicorp Services India Ltd.

Period from July 2010
Profiles- In Admin & HR Department, 
· To maintain the Documents and Agreements ensure timely renewals.
· Verify SB related Administration / Operation invoices as per the contracts.
· Prepare Deduction Notes and return Invoice back to vendor.
· Reconcile invoices submitted and payments made to vendors.
· Prepare Scrap Sale invoices and follow-up for with vendor for regular trash collection and ensure payments.

· Maintain record of invoices log and MIS preparation.

· Voucher preparation and vendor payments.
· Premises Projects and reconciliation against the Advance bills, Preparations of Work order and purchase order and follow up for the Payment and closer.
2:- 2.4 years in ICICI Bank Ltd. 
Period from Feb 2007 to June 2009
Profiles-

· Credit Card Process
Handling several projects of Credit card Operations, Re-con and Funding of all products of credit card, Visa and Master Parking Staging, Merchant Payment which Include Visa, Master and Amex etc with the help of small team. Co-ordination with Sales and business team.
· Mfg Subvention Account (Business) Retail Sales
 It’s included CV Mfg Subvention, CD Mfg Subvention, Auto Mfg Subvention, TW Mfg Subvention and PE                                                                                                                                   Mfg Subvention. Maintain the Month wise Record of all Subvention Mfg and which is include                    Mfg as well as Dealer Subvention. 

And month wise record of DMA Payout with Coordination of others team. Preparing and Updating the Risk pool account of Bajaj etc. and passing the Manual JV entries for the Receipt against Mfg.

Analyzing the Open items in Subvention, Subvention Receipt in collection account, MIS for channel. Recovery and forward to Business preparation for other receivable (i.e. Mfg Subvention and DMA) working for NPA on Monthly Basis. Schedule and MIS preparation for Mfg Subvention and publish to the business and sales team.
Achiements: - 

Successfully done the Manufacturing Subvention Process in 

MS-Access. Previously this was in MS Excel. Which result in saving of 1½ day.
Improvement and Accuracy in Preparation of Schedule and MIS sent to the Business on monthly Basis.

Target achieved successfully.
· DMA Payouts & Stale cheque Schedule:-

DMA Payouts for HL and CL for the Different Products (Credit cards, Co-brands, Councilor, HL, LAP and Recon Adjust Payout for HL and LAP) on Daily basis and forwarding the details to Fund Transfer department.

Achiements: -
    Reduce the activity of payout form 20 days to 5 days and accuracy in DMA Payout in SAP system and improve the Report format result in save time for 2 hours. And reduce the man power from 7 people to 3 people.

· Disbursement Control Account Consumer Loan- Daily basis process which include maintaining record and Schedule preparation and MIS of All Loan Booked and Disbursed in Consumer Loans on daily basis. Cross verify with Daily Trail Balance 

      Analyzing the open entries in Credits and Debits. Co-ordination with Retail Sales team. 
· Referral Fees- Maintain the record of Receivable from ICICI Lombard and ICICI Prudential as well as the Income Accrual and Reversal. In every month end which is part manual JV Passing 

      The entry in Book and Schedule and MIS Preparation.

· TFL Month end Entries for SD Service Charges and Goodwill- 

Passing the Provision entries for Goodwill and Service charges then after the calculation 

And working Reversal of provision and passing the Actual entries end Calculation Security Deposit 

· Corporate Reality Fund NPA Provisioning:-
Handling the NPA Provision for Corporate Clients. Preparation for Borrower-wise Details i.e.

Principle Outstanding and Matured and Unmatured principle, Minimum amount to be out of NPA. And after confirmation Provision the amount or Provision Realized on monthly basis.

3:- 1.3 years in Reliance Infostreem Pvt. Ltd. (DAKC). 

11 months as Senior Customer Service Representative taking Inbound Calls and resolving the Problem 

Providing product information and note the complains if the customer is right and forward it to the Back-Office Operations.

Then 4 months as a Group Leader in Back-Office team handling the team of 5 Executives.
Regarding Customer not received Offer Money and Wrong Deduction etc, raised by front Office 

Executives 

Period: - From Dec 2005 to Feb 2007
4:- 11 months as Corporate Sales Executive (Group leader) in Airtel. 

Handling Corp customer and Corp key account Wipro Powai and Belapur, Lion Bridge, Prudential. For Company paid and Individual paid connection.  Working on given target on Monthly basis with the team including my self on field as well from office. Final preparations of MIS for the target given and achieved for all the team include my team.
Period: - From May 2004 to Apr 2005 


Core Strengths: -

I am an enthusiastic person.
I believe in doing hard work in smart manner. 
Well qualified and having good knowledge of finance and various financial products.
Team management skill.

Good analytical abilities.

