













































Education and Qualifications :


                                                          Rahul Ignatius E  
          

Page 1 of 5 

RAHUL IGNATIUS E      #1487, 1st Floor,  

E-Mail    :   rahuliggu@gmail.com     23
rd
 A Cross, 4

th
 Main, Sector 7, 

Mobile   :   +91 96321 34009      HSR Layout, Bangalore - 560102 

          

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY  

 

 Currently working as Associate Principal Analytics Consultant with [24]7 Innovation Labs for 

the past 3 years. 

 Prior work experience as Data Analyst with Myntra, Senior Analytics Consultant with [24]7 

Innovation Labs as part of the Data Sciences Group (DSG) and as a Senior Business Analyst 

with MindTree Ltd as part of the Data and Analytics Solutions (DAS). 

 Overall experience of 8 years in the field of Data Analytics with 3.5 years in CPG/Retail Domain 

& 4.5 years in the field of online sales through Web Analytics, VA Chat Bots & Personalization. 

 Published and presented a Position paper on ‘Data driven web experimentation on design 

and personalization’ at COMPLEXIS Conference 2017, Portugal. 

 Published & presented a research paper on ‘Integration of trained text processing model 

with a speech system’ at BDA ‘17 which is available for download on Springer Link 

 Experience in Advanced usage of MS-Excel. 

 Experience in handling statistical modules in R & Python. 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS  

 

Languages               

Analytical Tools    

 

R, MS-SQL, Pig 

R, Vertica 

Reporting Tools     Tibco SpotFire, MS-Excel, Tableau 

Statistical Techniques Linear/Logistic Regression, Naïve Bayes, Hypothesis Testing 

Data Mining/Modelling 

Techniques 

Clustering, Decision Tree, Random Forests, Ensemble, SVM, KNN, 

Gradient Descent & Boosting Algorithms, Neural Network basics 

 

PROJECTS  

 

[24]7  INNOVATION LABS –  PERSONALIZATION &  OPTIMIZATION  

Description 
[24]7 help businesses attract and retain customers, and make it possible to 

create a personalized, predictive and effortless customer experience online. 

Responsibility 

 

 Developed algorithms for identifying High Propensity to chat customers at the 

top of the funnel for multiple clients to qualify them as hot leads to offer chat. 

 Developed Personalized Chat invites for the High Propensity Visitors and 

measured performance using A/B testing. 

 Built Virtual Assistant (Chabot) – Involved in scoping intents with text-mining, 

building solution from analysis, workflow designing, intent prediction using 

SVM and post-deployment reporting. Our solution was discussed in detail in 

the Forrester CX NYC Keynote presentation in 2018 by our Client. 

 Optimizing Chatbots, with addition of new intents and workflow changes which 

helped in enhancing user-experience and increasing self-service rates. 

 Reporting provided for Speech Account on trending KPI’s on regular basis 

Tools and 

Technologies 
R, Python, MS-SQL, Vertica, SQL, Pig 

Role Consultant 

mailto:rahuliggu@gmail.com


                                                          Rahul Ignatius E  
          

Page 2 of 5 

MYNTRA DESIGNS –  INVENTORY LEVEL OPTIMIZATION  

Description 
Myntra Designs is India’s largest Online Fashion Retail store based out of 

Bangalore 

Responsibility 

 

 Developed algorithms for identifying the correct % splits of ‘to be’ inward 

inventory for various warehouses across India based on the Purchase Orders 

rose by Category Managers. 

 Developed an approach for identifying the optimum % splits across sizes for 

all brand-article type combination using multiple product attributes. 

 Performed product physical attribute level clustering to identify similar styles 

which could be used for replenishment decisions. 

 Performed Ad-Hoc analysis for various Category/Strategy Managers to help 

them in identifying patterns and provided insights 

 Created and automated sizing level dashboards for category managers 

Tools and 

Technologies 
R, MS-SQL, AWS SQL, Tableau 

Role Data Analyst 

 

 

D ISH NETWORK ONLINE SALES OPTIMIZATION -  [24]7  INNOVATION LABS  

Description 

Dish Network is an American direct-broadcast satellite service provider. The 

company provides satellite television, satellite internet, audio programming, and 

interactive television services to commercial and residential customers in the 

United States with over 14 million subscribers 

Responsibility 

 

 Providing End to End solutions starting from the top of the sales funnel as an 

affiliate partner for Dish 

 Providing data backed decisions by building models to identify visitor channel 

affinity/Propensity to chat/Propensity to purchase etc. 

 Built and developed clusters of visitors based on their attributed to proper 

segment them to provide target based treatment 

Tools and 

Technologies 
R, Vertica, HeidiSQL 

Role Statistical Business Analyst 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct-broadcast_satellite
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satellite_television
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satellite_internet


                                                          Rahul Ignatius E  
          

Page 3 of 5 

UNILEVER INTERNATIONAL ANALYTICS CELL -  M INDTREE  

Description 

Unilever is a highly reputed company specializing in Fast Moving Consumer 

Goods. Analytics Cell was successfully implemented in Hindustan Unilever and 

the developing markets where General Trade is predominant (Thailand, Pakistan 

& Vietnam) wanted to implement the same to improve their business 

Responsibility 

 

 Create product classification based on RFM Analysis 

 Predict Out-Of-Stock for Outlet Specific Basepack for the coming month 

 Improve Cross-Selling by using Width pack modelling through Logistic 

Regression 

 Interact with Clients on a daily basis to understand requirements and perform 

Ad-Hoc analysis 

 Validation of the results by performing Quality Checks 

Tools and 

Technologies 
R, MS-SQL, MS-Excel 

Role Business Analyst 

 

UNILEVER SRI LANKA LTD SUPPLY CHAIN ANALYTICS-  MINDTREE  

Description 

Unilever-SL is a highly reputed company specializing in Fast Moving Consumer 

Goods. They needed to migrate from their existing basic level planning to an 

advanced analytical approach similar to the one used in HUL(Hindustan Unilever 

Ltd) to predict the future baseline of their primary sales values to carry out 

accurate production level planning. 

Responsibility 

 

 Study of Existing Unilever-SL prediction technique was done and mapped with 

the existing model in HUL  

 Made use of time series forecasting techniques – Moving Average, Exponential 

weighted moving average 

 Involved in the cleaning of sales data, validation and prediction of future 

baseline based on SAP-APO models 

 Delivered the outputs and predicted values to UL-SL production planners and 

the new prediction model was deployed successfully 

Tools and 

Technologies 
SAP-APO, R, MS-Excel, BEX Analyser 

Role Statistical Business Analyst 

 

H INDUSTAN UNILEVER LTD SUPPLY CHAIN ANALYTICS-  MINDTREE  

Description 

Hindustan Unilever is a highly reputed company specializing in Fast Moving 

Consumer Goods. They needed an analytical approach to predict the future 

baseline of their primary sales values to carry out accurate production level 

planning. 

Responsibility 

 

 Made use of time series forecasting techniques – Moving Average, Exponential 

weighted moving average 

 Involved in the cleaning of sales data, validation and prediction of future 

baseline based on SAP-APO models 

Tools and 

Technologies 
SAP-APO, R, MS-Excel, BEX Analyser 

Role Statistical Business Analyst 



                                                          Rahul Ignatius E  
          

Page 4 of 5 

 

UNILEVER IQ  -  M INDTREE  

Description 

Unilever is a highly reputed company specializing in Fast Moving Consumer 

Goods. They wanted to implement their IQ system globally across countries like 

Pakistan, Nigeria and Brazil as it was already implemented successfully in 

Hindustan Unilever (HUL). Unilever wanted to conduct a consulting exercise to 

identify and understand the readiness of the countries for IQ to be implemented. 

Responsibility 

 

 Gap Analysis for multiple countries to assess their readiness to implement 

intelligent sales system. 

 Approached by means of preparing questionnaire and interacting with the 

clients through telephonic conversation. 

 Assessed the readiness of the country for IQ to be implemented and reports 

were submitted 

Tools and 

Technologies 
MS-Excel 

Role Business Analyst 

 

W IPRO CONSUMER CARE &  L IGHTING LIMITED -  MINDTREE  

Description 

Wipro Consumer Care and Lighting, a Business Unit of Wipro Limited, has a 

profitable presence in the branded retail market of toilet soaps, hair care soaps, 

baby care products and lighting products. They wanted to improve their Outlet 

level execution by tapping the full potential of their distributors and products. 

Responsibility 

 

 Formulated KPI’s to address the objectives based on a “Know your Outlet- 

Know your Product” approach. 

 Techniques used included ‘Rule based segmentation’ and ‘RFM’ analysis 

 Packaged the KPI’s and outputs in the form of an approach note and delivered 

to client 

Tools and 

Technologies 
R, MS-SQL, MS-Excel, Spotfire 

Role Statistical Business Analyst 

 

ACTIVITIES &  ACHIEVEMENTS  

 

 Gold Medallist in MBA 

 Member of the MindTree Internal ‘Data & Analytics Solution Strategy Project 2012-2013’, 

conducted Market Research and submitted a report on the same 

 Represented the Analytics Team of Data & analytics Solutions to present “Text Mining using 

R in Twitter” for the event Osmosis ’11 in MindTree Ltd., Chennai. 

 Member of organising committee for the event Osmosis ’10 in MindTree Ltd., Bangalore  

 Completed a Certificate Course in Retail Management in MindTree Ltd., Bangalore 

 Conducted workshops and classroom sessions for juniors at St. Joseph’s Institute of 

Management (JIM) on basics of Analytics and Excel during the academic years running 

2011-2013 

 Student Placement coordinator at St. Joseph’s Institute of Management(JIM) 

 Represented school athletics team for Long Jump event at district level meet. 

 

 

 



                                                          Rahul Ignatius E  
          

Page 5 of 5 

EDUCATION  

 

MBA 
(Marketing  and  Systems) 

St Joseph’s College, Bharadhidasan University, Trichy 2010 80% 

B.Tech (Biotechnology) Shri Andal Alagar College of Engineering, Anna 
University, Chennai 

2008 80% 

Class XII St. Anne’s Matriculation Hr. Sec. School, Chennai - 
Matriculation Board 

2004 89.5% 

Class X St. Anne’s Matriculation Hr. Sec. School, Chennai - 
Matriculation Board 

2002 74.7% 

 

 

POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY  

 

 Placement Cell Coordinator – As part of the placement cell was involved in coordinating 

with various companies to conduct placement drives in our college. 

 Excel Trainer – Took sessions for St. Joseph’s Institute of Management students on Basic 

& Advanced usage of MS-Excel 2007 and guided the students 
 

 
 
 
 

              PERSONAL DETAILS   

 

Father’s Name : T. Eugine 

Date of Birth  : 19/11/1986 

Languages Known : English, Malayalam, and Tamil 

Hobbies  : Reading Books, Football, Watching movies 

Gender  : Male 

Marital Status  : Married 

 

 

              REFERENCES   

 

 Debo Jyothi Dey, Tech Lead, Data and Analytics Solutions, Mindtree Ltd., Bangalore. Ph: +91 99862 65440 

 Dr. S. Gnaana Bhragasam, Dean, Dept. Of Management, St. Joseph’s College, Trichy. Ph: +91 99449 58355 
 

 

              DECLARATION   

 

I hereby declare that the above information is correct and true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Date:        

Place:              (Rahul Ignatius E) 


