



















































Anurag Tripathi_4


 

                                                  Anurag Tripathi  
 142, 2A cross, PR Layout Munnekolala                                            Phone: (+91) 886-778-9602, 942-436-8722 
 Marathahalli Bangalore, KA - 560037                     E-mail: ec.anurag05@gmail.com                                             
                                   
                    
Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills. Ability to work under pressure, proficient in R 

programming  for advanced data analytics. Skilled in SQL, PL-SQL queries for data extraction and manipulation. 

  

Professional Experience:  

Associate (Research Data Analyst & SQL developer) Jan 2015 – Present Cognizant technology 

solutions (Client - Phillips) – Bangalore, India  

SQL queries using aggregate, nested, sub queries for data extraction, collection, transformation.  

Built LM, GLM using R programming and created descriptive reports using Tableau to determine the 

drivers of customer satisfaction with regard to power quality and reliability.  

Used Stored Procedures, functions, packages, cursors, triggers, index for database maintenance and 

enhancements.  

Data management skills like handling missing values, Reading raw data and creating datasets, feature 

scaling, Applying data wrangling techniques using various packages and create interactive plots and 

reports.  

Professional Project Description:  

Phillips Sales and Production Recommendation Jun 2016 - Present  

Project is based on customer Analytics. As a healthcare Giant, Company has large amount of B2C sales 

data. In order to predict the sale of a product, its features and customers base along with geographical 

regions are key factors. My role was to understand the product sale and forecast upcoming trends with 

the help of advance analytics.  

Data collection from database and explore data using analytical functions.  

Data cleansing and descriptive analysis using R.  

Used decision tree, logistic regression modelling for building classifier for the product quality estimation.  

Attended meetings with portfolio manager, product owner and other stake holders to understand 

requirement, created project charter and discussed rolling forecasts.  

Phillips Database Development and Management Oct 2015 -March2016  

CRS is complain register service where customer can lodge complaints about the service of the product 

they got from site or offline store. In Agile methodology worked as SQL developer for database 

maintenance and production support. Created views for reporting, used stored procedures and functions 

for faster execution.  

Technical Skills:  

Programming Language: R, SQL, PL-SQL,C, OOPS  

Databases: Teradata, Oracle 11g, MySQL, SQL Server management studio  

Data Mining Tools: Tableau, R-studio, MS Excel, Toad, Oracle SQL developer  

Statistical Methods: Regression, Decision trees, Logistics regression, Random Forest, Support vector 

machine. 

Education: Bachelor of Engineering (ECE) (focused on Database Designing and electronic equipment 

development) May 2014 Rajiv Gandhi Technological University, Bhopal (M.P.)  

Data Science, Machine-Learning, and Data Visualization Certifications (Ongoing) 


