

















































	
         Email Id : amityasonu@gmail.com
         Mobile No : +91–8390646716
		

	                                  Amit Kumar





Objectives:-

To apply and enhance my creative, technological skills for the best possible outcome of the organization, and to have a continuous growth and learning experience in my profession that would best utilize expertise in the business world.

Professional Summary:-

Having 4.5 years of working experience in supporting customer for the Production setup administration. Sound Knowledge in Solaris Operating system, services & utilities like Zone, NFS, SVM etc.
Able to handle most of issues in User & Group Management, Crontab, ACL modifications, File system management.
Working knowledge of hardware console using -ILO etc. for OS installation& troubleshooting.

Current Experience:

Organization: 	Infosys
Designation   :           Technology Support Specialist 
Work Period:            07th March 2016 to till date
Responsibilities:

Solaris:
Perform day-to-day Technical Support- Analyzing, Troubleshooting and Resolving Technical Problems related to Servers.
Administration of Global & Local zones – Performing reboot & other activities using different types of consoles (ILOM, ALOM, etc).
Responsible for Package and Patch Management & Installation.
Perform live upgrade in ZFS.
Managing file systems—creating new file systems, checking & recovering file systems.
Managing System Services and implementing new Services using SMF (Service Management Facility)
Managing and Installing Solaris S/W on Standalone & Servers.
Monitoring the System Performance.
Perform User and Security Administration.
Implementing File Permissions for the Users and Groups. 
Managing Crash Dumps and Core files.
Scheduling jobs using CRONTAB & AT utility.
Creating and Maintaining Zones in Solaris 10. 


Linux – RHEL, Centos:

Responsible for  Patch Management & Installation. 
Management of system security,User,Group privileges and Package and patch Administration.
Analyzing system logs to identify problems and then determining the corrective action necessary to improve performance


Previous Experience:

Organization: 	Orasol Infotech.
Designation   :           System Administrator
Work Period:            01 May 2013 to 26 February 2016


Technical Skills:-

Operating Systems: Solaris10, RHEL.
Technical Skills: Zones , ZFS, SVM
Certification – ITIL certified  

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

Bachelor of Computer Application from IIMT Aligarh
Senior Secondary from U.P. Board
High School from U.P. Board

 Strengths:-

Confident and easily adaptable.
Quick learner with analytical mind.
Highly professional & dedicated
Sincere and hardworking.

Interests:-

Watching movies        
Music 
Travelling
Playing Cricket




Personal Details:-
Date of Birth		: July 10 1992
Languages		: English & Hindi
Marital Status		: Unmarried
Sex        		: Male
Nationality       	: Indian
Address    	            : 2/69, Ram Bag Colony, Street No.1, Ram Ghat Road, Aligarh - 202001

Declaration:-
I hereby declare and have vouch that all above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Thanking You.



Date	: - 
Place	: - Pune							Amit Kumar

