














































SHAILENDRA DEEPAK KALE 

Tulip, C2-203, Runwal Garden City, 
Balkum, Thane - West 

OBJECTIVE 

I would like to seek an opportunity after combining my experience in IT and BPO. Currently, having 9+ years of experience, I hold a middle management role. 

AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

  Business Performance and Improvement Outcomes 

  Multi Site, Multi Project Operations, 

  Team Design and Development, 

  Productivity and Efficiency Improvement, 

  Leadership Training and Development, 

  Negotiation, Persuasion and Communication, 

  Problem Solving, 

  Performance Management, 

  Work Load Management. 

  Project Management 

  Process Transition, 

  Project Planning & Execution, 

  Strategic Planning, 

  System Re-engineering, 

  Process Design / Re-Design. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Deputy Manager - Operations, Accenture, April 2007 till date, Mumbai. 

  April 2007 till December 2007 
  Managed Operations and Service Delivery for Accenture's Captive client with Team Size of 43 including 3 TL's. 

  Managed Resource Allocation and Utilization 

  Implemented Performance Management tool successfully with additional revisions. 

  Worked on the SUR - Seat Utilization Rate for the domain and gained 12 seats worth $ 47K. 

  Acted as Single Point of Contact for Escalations. 

  January 2008 till May 2008 

I worked on a HR transformation project of one of the then prospective clients. 

My responsibilities included: 

  Solution Validation with my supervisor and the client. 

  Determining Scope of work and FTE estimate. 

  June 2008 till August 2009 

Internally transferred to the Custom BPO Vertical. I worked in the transformation phase of a Digital Marketing Project for one of the client. I was involved in the process of designing the Level 3 Process Maps for the client process on the basis of their Level 2 process maps and understanding. 

My responsibilities included: 

  Designing the Level 3 Process Maps for the client process on the basis of their Level 2 process maps and understanding. 

  Solution Validation with the On Shore SCM Consultant who was in touch with the client. 

  Determining Scope of work and FTE estimate. 

  Determining trainings needed for the project. 

  August 2009 till date: 

Currently I am working as the Regional Service Delivery Lead for the Virtual Solutions team. This is a part of Custom BPO domain started internally for one of the FMCG client. I have a team which includes members from the animation background. We get requests from the clients for building virtual stores on the computers for research purpose. The work is primarily carried out in 3D Max along with Photo shop and with other client proprietary tools. My primary role includes line balancing, performance management of the team and interaction with the governance team along with being the single point of escalation for the ASIA and EMEA Region. 

Additional KRA’s :

· Metrics &Reporting: 

  Have developed a Metrics and Reporting system in Microsoft Excel which captures all the incoming requests in Outlook. This tool helps in getting the reports for the service delivery - whether we have missed the SLA or met it with respect to the Timeliness. It also generates a Traffic Light report which shows the over all performance of the domain - Red/Green and Amber. 

  Have been working closely with the TL's and analyze the reasons of the accuracy drop for an individual and team. Have helped the performance of them by taking them through their Pareto analysis, making them understand of their strengths and weaknesses. This has shown a good improvement in the performance and accuracy levels of the associates. 
February 2007 till April 2007, Zenta Group, Powai, Mumbai 

Operations Manager 

  Worked in the Real estate Back Office and was aligned with Global Realty Outsourcing, a Chennai based organization. 

  Played a key role in recruiting right quantity and quality of candidates for the processes. 

March 2003 - February 2007, Hewitt Associates, Mahape, Navi Mumbai 

Team Leader / Operations Manager 

  Managing Operations and service delivery for 16 clients with Team Size of 42 Associates for Siebel Queue Management process. 

  Worked on a 6 Sigma Green Belt Project for enhancing utilization. 

  Implemented a QA system to maintain and track accuracy of Associates. 

  Handled all client escalations and was SPOC for resolving such issues for my processes. 

  Developed an Application in Excel to track production time for Associates 

  Developed Performance Metrics linked to Time Sheet system. 

  Developed and implemented the IBSC - Individual Balance Scorecard for tracking Performance for each Associate on a monthly basis 

  Worked on client transitions (US and Canada) wherein I was involved right form process mapping to final off shoring for 2 clients to Mumbai CSG 

  Worked in the capacity of an Acting Service Manager for 3 months in absence on my Service Manager. 

October 2000 - January 2003, Fine Jewellery () I) Ltd., SEEPZ, Andheri (East) 

Sr. Programmer 

  Actively involved in the In-House application developed for Fine Jewellery. The application included each step, automated, for the Diamond and Jewellery business. 

  Managed a team of 4 Junior Programmers. 

  Worked closely with the System Analyst in designing and implementing the application. 

  Responsible for the overall running and maintenance of the system. 

August 1999- January 2000, Raj Software, MIDC, Andheri (East) 

Faculty / Center Manager 

  Worked as a Part Time Faculty in the center located in Bhuj (Kutch). 

  Also acted as a Center Manager for the Center. 

  Increased the sales by marketing the center. Helped the center grow from a student population of 3 to 97 within 5 months. 

July 1999 - April 2000, Jet Airways, Andheri East 

Accounts Assistant / Accounts Executive 

  Worked in the Commercial department. 

  Worked on the invoices for the AAI (Airports Authority of India) and the IAAI (International Airports Authority of India). 

September 1997 - June 1998, Suman Motels, Thane Office 

Marketing Executive 

  Sold products of Suman Motels including the Life membership and small schemes with respect to the targets given. 

  Have achieved the targets for almost 6 months. 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 

  Bachelor in Commerce from Kelkar College, Mulund, Mumbai University - April 1997 

  Advance Diploma in Software Development, Tata Infotech Ltd with specialization in Visual Basic as Front End application and Back End as Microsoft Access / SQL Server. 

  Diploma in Materials Management, Wellingkar Institute, Mumbai, December 1999 

TOOLS AND APPLICATIONS 

  Advance Ms-Office 2003 

  Siebel 7.1 

  Multi Client Siebel 

  Talent Acquisition System 

  SAP (Basic Level) 

  WQM - Remedy 

CERTIFICATIONS 

  Yellow Belt Certified : Participation Certificate 

  US Payroll - American Payroll Association recognized ( Basic ) 

  I have actively worked for the clients - Bank of America, Circuit City and Air Canada for the Payroll processes. I have the knowledge of the US Tax structures and their Payroll activities. 

I was actively involved in the Work Load Management project - A Green Belt project. The objective behind this project was the Productivity and Utilization enhancement. 

PERSONAL & CONTACT DETAILS 

Date of Birth: 24th November 1976 

Residence Contact: 022 - 32939358 

Cell No. : 0-99 208 90361 

Marital Status: Married 

Languages Known: English, Hindi and Marathi. 

I hold a valid US Visa, valid till 2016. 

NOTICE PERIOD: 60 days

