
















































Prashant Bhushan Singh


Prashant Singh                                                                                                

Mobile:  [+91] 8792221897                                                                                        

Email Id: prashantsingh20101990@gmail.com      
 

Provide technical support and network support for Hewlett Packard clients with 2 years experience .As a 

Technical Support Engineer I am committed to diagnosing ,trouble shooting and resolving customer software 

and hardware issues. 

 

TECHNICAL / NETWORKING SKILLS 

 Extensive knowledge in Routing Protocols: Static, Default ,RIP,RIP V2, OSPF,IGRP, EIGRP 

 Routing Concept: ACl ,NAT,PAT and IPV6 

 Switching Concept: STP, VLAN, Trunking etc. 
 Good knowledge in OSI Layer, TCP/IP layers ,IP addressing and Subnetting. 

 Good Knowledge in DNS and DHCP servers. 

 Having very good concept of LAN,WAN, and Networking Topologies.  

 Tool:  Cisco, Genesis, SR-Dash. 
 Operating System: Window 7, Window 8, Window 8.1, Window 10. 
 Hardware Skills: PC assembling, Formatting, Partition, drivers Installation, windows. 

 Others: Assembling & Troubleshooting of PC's and notepad, Windows Update & antivir, 
Installation & Troubleshooting of operating system's (Windows). 
 

 

                                                                ORGANISATION EXPERIENCE 

 Feb 16 – Till Date with Hewlett Packard, Bangalore as Technical Support Engineer. 

 

Roles and Responsibilities 

 Proficient in handling escalated calls and providing level 1 Technical Support to end-users.  

 Experience in installation of Windows, configuration, Technical troubleshooting, support of 

server Hardware, operating systems, Microsoft application software and peripherals Windows. 
 Excellent communicator, capable of explaining complex technical issues quickly and easily, 

ensuring timely resolution of problems. 

 Install, configure and maintain software applications, operating systems, administration and 
network monitoring. 

 Diagnose and repair internet service. LAN networks, wireless. 
 Configure new and existing network systems and hardware. 

 

 
         Core Competencies 

 Interacted with client to gather requirement, provide functionality overview to team and 
worked to resolve issue. 

 Provided knowledge transfer session to new joiners in the project. 



 
 
                

                                                                        QUALIFICATION 

 B.Tech (Electronics and Communication Engineering) from Techno India College of Technology,  Kolkata 

(2014) with aggregate of 76.40 %. 

 12th   (WBCHSE) – Tantia High School, Kolkata with 57.83%. 

 10th   (WBBSE) – Tantia High School, Kolkata with 65.12%. 

 

                                                           PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 
 Innovative and articulate technical support professional with 1 year of work history working. 

 Provide thorough support and resolution for customers. 

 Maintain composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations. 

 Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions. 

 Processed inbound and outbound technical support calls at a 20% faster rate than team average.  

 Informed customers about issue resolution progress. 

 Referred difficult issues to upper management while maintaining positive rapport with  customers. 

 
                                                                 PERSONAL DETAILS 

 Date of Birth : 20th Oct 1990 

 Residential Address: #602, Radha Residency, Bellandur, Bangalore-560103 

 Language Known : English, Hindi, Bengali. 

 
 

                                                                                                                                                                     


