

























 
Manoj Kumar 
Front end developer  

705 Sector-7, R.K. Puram 
New Delhi-110022 

9716771574 
Email:​Manoj16@navgurukul.org 

Github: ​https://github.com/manojkr16 
 

SKILLS  HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Bootstrap, JavaScript, 
JQuery, Angularjs, ​MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint 

  
PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE 
To be an astute learner and the best performer in your organization. So that I can build an 
innovative career in your esteemed organization by using my skills and other significant talents. 
 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING 
NavGurukul Foundation, NGO​ - Dec 2016 - Nov-2017 
Learning Software Engineering in a one year residential 
course. Spend about 8 hours every day to learn to programme 
and participate in various activities. 
 
School of Open learning​, ​DU​ - Graduate 2015 
Jose Marti Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, CBSE​ ​-  Completed 12th 2009 
Jose Marti Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, CBSE​ ​- Completed 10th 2007  
 
AWARDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Awarded with a certificate for managing students flow on the student visa day. 

Awarded with Certificate for the proactive approach and managing applicants flow in the 
American embassy. 

 
LEADERSHIP AND WORK EXPERIENCE 
Web developer 
iDream Education​ -​ ​May 2018 - Present  
Handle design and development of company official website ​http://www.idreameducation.org/ 
and build a new website ​http://www.mytablab.com/​  for the company. 
Maintained and updated ​their content and handle all the conversion of Json data for the android 
application​. 
 

mailto:Manoj16@navgurukul.org
https://github.com/manojkr16
http://www.idreameducation.org/
http://www.mytablab.com/


UI developer-intern 
Delhivery Pvt.Ltd -​ ​Nov 2017 - Mar 2018  
 
Contributed to the design and development of client and server database on applications. 
Maintained and updated ​angular ​applications and templates with CSS/Saas as required. 
Provided technical support to other UI team members as directed. 
Fix common issue of  client plane with sentry.io 
A utilized code on Bitbucket and GitHub 
 
 
Operations Officer  
VFS Global Pvt.Ltd​ Oct 2014 - Nov 2016  
 
VFS Global is the world's largest outsourcing and technology services specialist for 
governments and diplomatic missions worldwide. 
 
Key Areas of work:- 
Verification of documents (Online applications, petition, visas, and passports) 
Provide assistance to the Help Desk as required. 
Assistance to Visa Officers in councilor section 
Generating daily reports in excel 
 
The VIDYA Foundation ​Apr 2012 - Oct 2014 
The VIDYA Foundation has been working in India for more than 7 years, focusing on education 
for the underprivileged children from slums. 
 
Key Areas of work: - 
Event Management 
Meeting parents and students of NGO 
Organizing counseling sessions for the students and parents 
 
  
 
Manoj Kumar 
S/O Mr. Suresh Ram & Mrs. Santi Devi 
DOB – 01.04.1990 
Marital Status – Unmarried 
  


