













































ROHAN VIJAY CHAVAN


ROHAN VIJAY CHAVAN  
  

A-301, Nityanad Apt. Near Thane Mental Hos., Wagle Estate Thane (W) , 

Maharashtra, India 

PHONE (M) +917666471152, +919867228372 rohaan0007@yahoo.com, rohaanchavan@gmail.com 

  

PERSONAL INFORMATION  

  
  Date of Birth: 15 – 03 - 1986  

  Marital Status: Married  

  Sex: Male  

  Nationality: Indian  

  

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY  

 
     

Strongly reliable and focused with great depth and breadth of experience in regulatory affairs and 

analytical-formulation. Superb multitasker able to handle multiple projects efficiently and accurately. 

Effective independent worker as well as excellent coordinator with other members of a regulatory affairs 

team.   

Key Skill  

 
     

• Excellent leader and team player with experience working collaboratively with scientists 

globally from a range of disciplines and levels of expertise in GMP environment.  

• Highly developed organizational, problem-solving, analytical, and record-keeping 

abilities.  

• Expertise in Stability Study, Tech transfer, Method validation and Method development 

of finished products.   

• Provided regulatory support for the implementation of filing strategies for new markets 

in USA, South Africa, Europe, Africa, and ROW to expand the global footprint of the 

company.  

• Ability to establish priorities and work independently to design, develop, execute, and 

interpret various method development.  

• Extensive experience in quality assurance and regulatory affairs work environments.  

  

  



  

REGULATORY AFFAIRS COURSE  

Post graduate diploma in Drug Regulatory Affairs-Formulation and Pharma Management  

At Institute of Pharmaceutical Management.  
  

Course curriculum ICH Guidelines Q1,Q2,Q3 & Q6 Dossier 

Preparation in CTD Format  

Regulatory submission in US and ANDA submission  

Regulatory system in Europe and marketing authorization procedure  

 
  

EDUCATION AT A GLANCE  :    

Qualification  University  Grade / Class  

Master Of Pharmacy  Bangalore  Distinction  

Bachelor Of Pharmacy  Shivaji  Ist Class  

HSC  Mumbai  Ist  Class  

SSC  Mumbai  Ist  Class  

  

  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

  

1) From May 2018-Till Now 

Lead Associate 

Genpact-Pharmalink Mumbai 

 

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AT Genpact-Pharmalink 

 Managing various aspects of Regulatory compliance with current corporate, regulatory and 

industry best practice guidelines.  

 Evaluation of post approval changes raised by various development, API & excipients suppliers 

for its regulatory impact and initiate variation applications for USA, EU and ROW region.  

 Preparation and Review of complete CMC documents to support various health authority.   

 Preparation of Regulatory documents including the module sections to support the maintenance 

activities  

 Handling of Post approval submissions for Europe and Timely communication with other 

departments before and after submission of variations to implement changes appropriately.  

 Handling queries from regulatory authorities within time frame.  

 Review Method Development and Validation protocol/Reports for various dosage forms for 

USA, EU and ROW countries.  

 Review of various other documents Specifications, Stability protocol & commitment, 

Comparative dissolution data for Regulatory Dossier submissions.  



 Documented and maintained oral and written communications with global regulatory agencies 

Assisted in the development and maintenance of regulatory files, records, and reporting systems  

 Communicated with manufacturers, requesting additional information based on meetings with 

Health Authority experts.  

 Responsible for maintaining the quality system to regulatory compliance standards.  

 Provided regulatory support for the implementation of filing strategies for new markets in USA, 

South Africa, Europe, Africa, and Asia to expand the global footprint of the company.  

 Interact with product development team to understand requirements and priorities; Participate 

& conduct weekly review meeting to evaluate constraints with Functional Team  Assist in 

dossier preparation for Europe and emerging markets.  

 Life cycle management of approved products.  

 Onsite customer support, development and troubleshooting.  

 Executes Tender Bid request and provides all requested documents within the required timeline.  

 Authors CMC and other regulatory documents  

 Ensures that all tender documents are reviewed by concern person prior to release. 

 Review Tender Request form for accuracy and clarifies information with Country RA as needed.   

 Responsible for communicating and facilitating discussion at appropriate product team 

meetings. 

 

 

2) From March 2017- From April 2018 (Promoted From Sr. Regulatory Specialist 

to Assistant Manager)  

Assistant Manager at Pharmalex India Pvt. Ltd (Working for Cipla- Vikhroli)  

  

3) From August 2015- March 2017  

Senior Regulatory Specialist,   

Pharmalex India Pvt. Ltd (Working for Cipla- Vikhroli)  

  

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AT PHARMALEX INDIA PVT. LTD.  

 Managing various aspects of Regulatory compliance with current corporate, regulatory and industry 

best practice guidelines.  

 Evaluation of post approval changes raised by various development, API & excipients suppliers for 

its regulatory impact and initiate variation applications for USA, EU and ROW region.  

 Preparation and Review of complete CMC documents to support various health authority.   

 Preparation of Regulatory documents including the module sections to support the maintenance 

activities  



 Handling of Post approval submissions for Europe and Timely communication with other 

departments before and after submission of variations to implement changes appropriately.  

 Handling queries from regulatory authorities within time frame.  

 Life cycle management of approved products.  

 Onsite customer support, development and troubleshooting.  

  

4) From April 2012- 30 July 2015  

Research Associate. R & D Glenmark Generics Ltd. Mumbai  

  

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AT GLENMARK   

 Coordinating with PMs for completing project deliverables with estimated timelines  

  

 Preparation and Review of method development report for ANDA market.  

  

 Preparation and Review of method validation protocol and method validation report.  

  

 Preparation and Review of Technology Transfer protocol and Technology Transfer Report.  

  

 Preparation and Review of stability data and protocol.  

  

 Preparation of Reverse engineering study report and Compilation of data.  

  

 CAPA management and risk analysis and mitigation  

  

 Handling various regulatory agency queries at plant locations like IVRT study, Particle size  

  

 Preparation of SOPs.  

  

 Review of DMF, Tech Pack of drug substances provided by various API vendors.  

  

 Thorough understanding of ICH Guidelines and Pharmacopeia’s.  

  

 Knowledge of GMP Guidelines, SUPAC Guidelines.   

  

 Knowledge and understanding of manufacturing process flow from starting material to finished 

product.  

  

 Knowledge and understanding of Dossier Preparation.  

 

 



 

  

  

5) From Sept  2010- April 2012  

Junior Research Associate Macleods Pharma LTD. R & D Andheri (E) 

Mumbai  

  

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AT MACLEODS PHARMA LTD  

 Method validation and Method development of various solid dosage form.  

  

  

Declaration   

  

I do hereby declare that the above given information are true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief.                                    

  
  

(Rohan Vijay Chavan)  
  
  
  

Reference:  
  

1) Sandeep Ahire  

 Assistant Manager at Cadila Healthcare Limited     

Thane Maharashtra India  

7738058989  
  
  

2) Viranchi Nimbre  

Research Scientist at Alkem Research Centre  

Raigad Maharashtra India  

9960629460  
  


