
































Page 1 of 3 

 

 

Sabbyanuj Maji        Flat No.C/3, 
           Panchanan Apartment, 

B-1 3
rd

  floor, 

Satgachi More., 

Email     : anuj.maji@gmail.com       Nagerbazar,Dum Dum 

Mobile   : 8017114550                           Kolkata- 700028 
       

  

 

Summary 

      

 3 years’ 3 months experience in the IT Service Industry as a Software Engineer. 
 Worked on Java, J2EE and Microsoft CRM. 
 An articulate communicator with proven interpersonal skills, honed with excellence and ability to work under 

pressure in a fast-paced, competitive customer sensitive environment. 

 

Career Objective 

Looking forward to an opportunity for working in a dynamic, challenging environment where I can utilize my skills for 

developing my career and for the growth of the organization. 

 

 

Educational Qualification 

  

 Bachelor of Technology in CSE (B.Tech) from WBUT (2014) with  71.3% 
 ISC from St. Stephen’s School (2010) with 84% 
 ICSE from St. Mary’s School (2008) with 85.2% 
 

Technical Skills 

 

Programming Language Java 

Web Technology JSP, Servlet 

Production Platforms 
Windows 2000/XP, Windows 7, Unix, Windows 

10 

Application Servers Tomcat 

Internet Technology 
HTML, Java Script, JQuery, JSON, Ajax, 

CSS 

Build Tool Maven 

Application Software Eclipse, Putty, Winscp, SaopUI , MS CRM 

Database ORACLE 

Source Version Control SVN 

 

 

 

Projects Undertaken 

 

 Worked with Tech Mahindra Ltd., Kolkata from June 31, 2014 – August 12, 2016. 
 

mailto:anuj.maji@gmail.com


Page 2 of 3 

 

1. Project: OSS Tools                                                                                                    1 year 6 months 
Client: MOBISTAR (Telecom Company Belgium) 
Role: Java/J2EE Developer 
Technologies: Spring MVC, JSP, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, CSS, Tomcat 
Tools: Eclipse. 
Description: In this project I got a chance to develop two standalone applications. One was developed in Core Java 
known as FEMTO (Network Tool) and another using Spring MVC known as SPHINX (Ports Management 
System). 
 

Responsibility: 

 Development of both the application as per the requirement from the client. 
 Validation of forms & development of required scripts. 
 Deploy changes on server.  
 Designing of web pages. 
 Unit testing. 
 Review the bugs from the report sent by the testing team & fix them. 
 Design & change database as per the changes. 
 Deployment of Application on different environments i.e UAT and Production 

 

 Working with Redknee India OS PVT Ltd., Kolkata from August 16, 2016 – till date. 
 

1. Project: Tybatel                                                                                                    1 year 3 months 
Client: Tybatel (Telecom Company Canada) 
Role: Microsoft CRM developer 
Technologies: JQuery , JavaScript, AJAX, JSON , CSS  
Tools: Soap UI, Dyamics 365. 
Description: In this project I got a chance to develop a Product based on Customer requirement.  
 

Responsibility: 

 Development of the product as per the requirement from the client. 
 Validation of forms & development of required scripts. 
 Deploy changes on server.  
 Unit testing. 
 Review the bugs from the report sent by the testing team & fix them. 

 

 

Capabilities 

 Participated in Inter-Branch Cricket Tournament. 
 Positive attitude, Creative. 
 Ability to work under pressure. 
 Ability to deal with people gracefully. 
 Good learner by observation 

 

Extra-Curricular activity 
 

 I was a part of our College Football team and was the zonal champions in WBUT Football Tournament 

2012. 

 



Page 3 of 3 

 

Personal Profile 
 

 Name   : Sabbyanuj Maji 
 Gender   : Male. 
 Date of Birth  : 19th November 1991. 
 Hobbies   : Cricket, Football. 
 Languages Known      : English, Hindi, and Bengali. 

 
           All the details furnished by me in this document are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

 

         Signature 

 
Place:  Kolkata 

         (Sabbyanuj Maji) 

Date: 
 

 

 


	Career Objective
	Educational Qualification
	Technical Skills
	Projects Undertaken

