







































RESUME
        










	DHIVYA G

	Contact Address:
Flat No: H8K, Second Floor, 
Ponnambalam Colony,

Ponnambalam Salai,

Near Ajanta MTC Bus Stop,

West K.K Nagar,

CHENNAI-600078.
Tamilnadu, INDIA
	Mail Id: dhivhum@gmail.com

	
	Contact Phone:(+91) 8098563044

	
	Date of Birth:15-05-1992

	
	Gender: Female

	
	Nationality: INDIAN

	
	Father’s Name:  Gopalan R

	
	Marital Status: Married 

	
	Spouse Name: Satheesh Kumar P

	
	Languages Known: English and Tamil


Objective


To work in the most challenging position with an organization that provides an opportunity to learn and seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.
Technical Skills
	Programming Languages
	Java, C/C++, Data Structures

	DB System
	DBMS

	Operating Systems
	Windows XP, WIN 7

	Packages
	MS Office


Work Experience Details:                                        

	Name of the Organization
	Date of Joined and Resigned
	Name of the Role assigned
	Job Location

	JavSystems India Pvt. Ltd.
	06-January-2014 

and 

03-March-2017 

(3.3 years)

	Software Engineer

Employee Number : JS15514
	Erode, Tamilnadu. India.


Academics Details 
	Degree/

Class
	Specialization
	Name of the Institution
	University/Board
	Year of Passing
	CGPA /Percentage

	B.E
	Computer Science and Engineering
	Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathy.
	Anna University of Technology
	April,2014
	CGPA =9.06)

(85.33%)



	H.S.C
	NA
	Saratha Matric and Higher Sec. School, Gobi.
	State Board


	May,2010
	95.4%



	S.S.L.C
	NA
	Saratha Matric and Higher Sec. School, Gobi
	State Board


	May,2008
	95.3%




CGPA: Cumulative Grade Point Average (10 points)
Co-Curricular Activity
· Participated in the INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP on the topic “ANDROID APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT” held at Institute of Road and Transport Technology, Erode D.T.
· Participated in the ORACLE CERTIFICATION COURSE on the topic “SQL Query” held at Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathy, Erode D.T.
· Participated in the “Real-Time Networks” on the topic of “Networking” held at Cisco Lab, Erode.
· Participated in the BEC EXAM on the topic “British English Communication” held at Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathy, Erode D.T.
Extracurricular Activity (at Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathy, Erode)
· Participated as an Active Volunteer on “Earth Day” Celebration (Every year)
· Organizer in “Women's Day” Celebration (Every year)
· Organizer in “FUTURA” Inter-College level Project Demonstration in every year Competition 
Area of Interest
· JAVA
· C/C++ 

· Software Engineering
· Networking
· Operating Systems

JavSystems Projects
Project: #01

	Project Name
	Cloud-User Security Based on RSA and MD5 Algorithm for Resource Attestation and Sharing (JS_CUS_J014)

	Description
	      The increased degree of connectivity and the increasing amount of data has led many providers and in particular data centers to employ large infrastructures with dynamic load and access balancing.

     We have made and developed this project into two parts. First part was controlled by a normal user which gets permission by the cloud environment for performing operations and for loading data. Second part was shown a secure and trusted computing for the cloud. Along with this, the project also provided two way security protocols which help both the normal user and the cloud. In this project we employ two algorithms for security purpose they are RSA and MD5. 

	Programming Language & Platform
	Java, Cloud computing, and Cryptography

	Team Size and Client
	10 and MATIO Software Solutions [Bangalore]

	Duration of Project
	10 Months (From Jan 2014 to Oct 2014)

	Responsibility
	Developed and Tested in Java Environment for Cloud-User Security Based on RSA and MD5


Project: #02
	Project Name
	Developed Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) applets in JAVA CARD (JS_CUS_J015)

	Description
	Its object-oriented model allows smart card programmers to develop interoperable applets that can be deployed on smart cards independently of their manufacturer. Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) is a branch of public-key cryptography based on the arithmetic of elliptic curves. Java Card is a technology that has benefited from the success of the Java language. 
We developed this project for implementing ECC applications in smart cards will be an attractive option for many companies willing to create new security services.

	Programming Language & Platform
	Java and Cryptography

	Team Size and Client
	10 and MATIO Software Solutions [Bangalore]

	Duration of Project
	10 Months (From Nov 2014 to Aug 2015)

	Responsibility
	Developed and Tested in Java for ECC 


Project: #03
	Project Name
	Developed and deployed a High Speed Algorithm for Identifying Hand Gestures for ATM Input System for the Blind (JS_CUS_J016)

	Description
	 With the evolution in science and technology, a lot has been done over the past few years to make the lives of the Differently-abled more comfortable and easy. This project concentrates on a novel methodology to ease the use of an ATM machine for the blind. It describes an approach wherein both the

User-name and PIN for the ATM machine can be input using British Sign Language. A cost effective setup and also a high speed algorithm for hand gesture recognition has been elaborated. In comparison with previous algorithms, the method explained in this project is 1.65 times faster thus proving its efficacy and efficiency. All algorithms were first designed and

developed in MATLAB 2011b and then later deployed as software using the Java programming language

	Programming Language & Platform
	JAVA

	Team Size and Client
	10 and MATIO Software Solutions [Bangalore]

	Duration of Project
	10 Months (From Sep 2015 to June 2016)

	Responsibility
	Developed and Tested in Java


Project: #04
	Project Name
	Developed Java based Computer Algebra System for Symbolic Computing (JS_CUS_J017)

	Description
	    To solve complex and large mathematical expression manually using pen and paper is a time taking task which in most cases ends up in an erroneous result. This is a major drawback which may lead to heavy losses to people dealing in numbers. 

         Henceforth we have come up with a vision of Symbolic

computation which provides a quick, efficient and user friendly

environment to its users. Symbolic Computation is a computer algebra system which has been designed in Java. The Object oriented Programming(OOP) concept and predefined packages of the language have been used to solve expressions consisting of differentiation, integration, series and many more symbols.

	Programming Language & Platform
	Java/ Mathematical Pseudo Language (MPL)

	Team Size and Client
	10 and MATIOTL Software Solutions [Bangalore]

	Duration of Project
	09 Months (From July 2016 to March 2017)

	Responsibility
	Developed and Tested in Java


Academic Projects 
Final Year Project:

	Project Name
	 “Mining of high utility item-sets using Transactional Database”

	Description
	In this project front-end based up on ASP.Net and the back-end depends on MS-Excel. The main objective of this project is to identify high utility candidate item-sets by efficient algorithms. Based on UP (Utility Pattern) growth and UP Growth+ algorithms high utility item-sets was effectively constructed. These algorithms reduce the space requirement and execution time by generating UP-Tree. The transactional database was used for working with large candidate item-sets it reduces runtime of long transactions.

	Programming Language & Platform
	ASP.Net, MS-Excel, UP (Utility Pattern) growth and UP Growth+ algorithms

	Team Size and Client
	04 and BITs, Erode

	Duration of Project
	07 Months

	Responsibility
	Taken care the System design, Coding, Testing & Documentation


Mini Project:
	Project Name
	 “Criminal Face Identification System (CFIS)”

	Description
	In this project front-end based up on Java7 and the back-end depended on Oracle10g. The main objective of this project was identifying criminal face by eyewitness. Based on this the image was segmented using Mathlab tool for correct assurance. One of the criteria among detecting criminal face was the segments of face image must match with existing image. Application of this technology was used by CBI and FBI.

	Programming Language & Platform
	Java7, Oracle10g, Mathlab

	Team Size and Client
	04 and BITs, Erode

	Duration of Project
	06 Months

	Responsibility
	Taken care the System design, Coding, and Testing


Competencies
· Excellent Problem Solving Skills
· Independent and Self-Motivated
· Will-power and Logical thinking
· Team work and Adaptability
Languages Known

· Tamil (Read, Write, & Speak)

· English (Read, Write, & Speak)

Responsibilities Undertaken

· Class Representative in UG Class
· Member of ISTE Group
Hobbies 

· Gardening

· Playing shuttle

· Reading newspaper

· Watching movies

Personal Detail:
Permanent Address: 

#141, Kalaramani, 

Modachur P.O,

Gobichettipalayam T.K

Gobichettipalayam- 638476

Erode D.T, Tamilnadu, INDIA.

Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is complete and true to the best of my knowledge
Place: CHENNAI






Yours faithfully,          
 
Date:      -        -     
                                                             
 










 DHIVYA  G
Page 1 of 7

