












































Analytical And Over 7 Years Experience In Administrative /

MANAS RANJAN DAS CHAUDHURI

Classic Tower,Flat J,Ground Floor
19B,Dharmatala Road

Kolkata – 700042
BRIEF OVERVIEW



PROFILE:

I am well acquainted in Customer Relations and extremely conversant with computers, i am eager to pursue a challenging career in Customer Service, or Administrative jobs.

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

· To associate with “Professional Ambiance” offering steady growth and recognition towards my contribution for the positive advancement of the organization.

· Willing to use skills & knowledge to the best of abilities.

· To upgrade knowledge with time for better performance.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY



Highly Experience in:

Experiential learning is composed of three components:
· Customer Service

Knowledge: Concepts, facts, information and prior experience.

· Call Center Jobs

Activity: Knowledge applied to current, ongoing events.

· Systems operating
Reflection: Thoughtful analysis and assessment of one’s
                                                  own activity and its contribution to personal growth


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


· Worked with Wipro Limited for 4 years as Senior Associate for British Telecommunication. My responsibilities were to provide continuous support to our customers on the call and also to provide any job assistance to the network faults team and also effectively fulfill the given target.
EDUCATION



1. Graduated with B.COM(H) from Calcutta University in the year 1992
2. Passed Higher Secondary Examination from West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary in the year 1989
3. Passed Madhyamik from West Bengal Board of  Secondary Education in the year 1987
 COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE



· BCA-MS WORD,MS EXCEL,POWERPOINT.

· FA (Financial Accounting) — TALLY-ERP 9.
STRENGTHS



· Strong communication, interpersonal, learning and organizing skills matched with the ability to manage stress, time and people effectively. 

· Proven strength in problem solving, coordination and analysis.

· Achievement oriented with excellent time management skills and an ability to manage change with ease. 

· Strongly believes in discipline and maintaining a healthy environment, with an excellent listening skill.

    PERSONAL DETAILS



Date of Birth: 

     22nd September’1970 
Marital Status: 

     Married.

Languages Known:

     English, Hindi and Bengali

Sex:


     Male. 
Extra Curricular Activities        Play Chess and Table Tennis.
           PREFERENCES



Willingness to Relocate:
  No.
Expected Salary: 

 (Negotiable) 

              EPILOQUE



I am assiduous, assertive, diligent, persevering with immense patience and totally capable of standing   on my own feet. I am a hardworking person with a vision of being a high achiever and love to take challenges. Determination, dedication, discipline and punctuality are my mottoes in life. I like traveling and mixing with people, listen to their point of view, which would help me to give my thoughts and actions a new dimension. I am confident about my potentialities. I can decide fast and logically on matters of importance that might need immediate attention. If given a chance I can prove my best capabilities and competency in serving your organization. 

Place:
 KOLKATA






 Date:
_________________


MANAS RANJAN DAS CHAUDHURI






          (9432114421, 9038636492)
