

























































Curriculum vitae


Curriculum Vitae 

MOHAMMADSHAHRUKH MALEK 
Mobile no: - 9173786125 

Date of Birth:  31th May 1993 
E-mail Id: - shahrukhmalek@gmail.com  

 

Career objective:-            
  

• I have an excellent problem solving skills and extensive knowledge of Computer Hardware & 
Networking.  I have an efficiency to solve any kind of problem that Client in Networking is facing 

• To utilize the skill and knowledge for the progress of organization 

 

Academic Qualifications: 
   

Education Name of  the Qualification BOARD Year Class / grade 

 

M.sc(IT) Kadi sarva vishwavidyalaya 
University 

2015 Second 

B.C.A         Hemchandracharya 
north      

     Gujarat university 
 

2013 Second 

H.S.C H.G.S.E.B 2010 First 

S.S.C G.S.E.B 2008  First 

 

 

 

 

mailto:shahrukhmalek@gmail.com


 

Professional Qualification:- 

 Certification from MIET in Hardware & networking 
 
 CCNA Certified  from CISCO 

 
Technical skills:- 
 
 Installation of windows XP, windows 7 , windows server 2003 and 2008 

 Hardware installation, maintenance and support  

 Installation & Configuration of Peripherals like network Printers, Scanners, Modems, Sound cards, 
Network cards, etc 

 Trouble shooting of printer, scanner  

 Securing the system from virus by installing various types of antivirus like Symantec, MacAfee, 
Kaspersky Net protector 

 Familiarity with Microsoft Office, printing, Proxy Server and Windows Networking 

 Managing user and groups  

 Sharing of resources and application in all over network  

 Sharing of folder and providing security 

 Trouble shooting of outlook  

 Assembling and Disassembling System  

 Network troubleshooting 

 Create network and cable crimping 

 Fiber optic cable splicing 

 Manage and troubleshooting network related problems  

 Knowledge of server based antivirus like Symantec,Seqrite endpoint security 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
Microsoft  :- 
 

 Installation of windows server 2003 & 2008, windows XP, windows 7, Windows Vista etc. 

 Managing users and groups and provide rights 

 Configuring and installation of proxy server  

 Configuring of internet connection and sharing using dial up , broadband and data card 

 Configuring of remote desktop using by team viewer, VNC , net meeting    

 Configuring of OUTLOOK EXPRESS in client and network side  

 Creating backup of outlook-express 

 Configuring group policy and folder redirection 

 
Work experience:- 
 

1) Currently working in JOHN Energy ltd at Jagudan since June, 2018 
designation IT Assistant  

 
 Company : JOHN Energy ltd 

 DESIGNATION: IT Assistant 

 Taking care of Desktop, Laptop and Server PC. 

 Solve all the types of Printer and Network calls. 

 Configure PC in industrial machine.  

 Check all types of Application issue.  

 Configuration of Outlook and Lotus notes. 

 Maintenance server based antivirus like Seqrite endpoint security 

 Experience in the information technology field in the area of POS & CRM functional and technical, 
Customer requirement support, Troubleshooting, Networking, Installation of Software and 
Hardware, Database Management, Backup and Restoration of Database. 

 

 

 



2) Worked in GTPL at Gandhinagar  (Smart city Wi-Fi project and Broadband) 
from  May -2016 To June - 2018 as a Network representative cum Technical 
coordinator, At GTPL (Smart city Wi-Fi project Gandhinagar and Broadband 
services) 

 Company : GTPL Hathway pvt. ltd 

 DESIGNATION: Network representative and Technical coordinator at Gandhinagar Smart city Wi-
Fi project and broadband services. 

 Handle more than 750 Ruckus Wi-Fi device in whole Gandhinagar city. 

 Maintain router and Network switches more than 10.  

  Daily monitoring of WAN and Internet. 

 Identifies and resolves wireless Wi-Fi  issues in whole city 

 Looking for Hardware & Software related issues in Desktop and Laptop. 

 Sending the Production Support status report on daily basis.  

 Discussing new releases, roll outs and monitoring and stabilizing the network.   

 Co-ordinate with Technical team and explain them for new requirements. 

 Experience of different activities in functional setup. 

 Implementation of Fiber optic network. 

 Laid proper network cabling and created stable network 

Interests in:- 

 Reading books and net surfing.  
 

 Ready to work with dedication. 
 

 Honest, sincere and frank. 
 

 Work smoothly in under pressure circumstances. 
 

 Confident and effective in dealing with people. 
 

 Good listener. 
 
 Handle any critical situation very calmly. 

 
 Always ready to work with team. 

 
 



Personal profile:- 
 
Name                        -  Malek Mohammadshahrukh   
 
Fathers name          - Malek Husenbhai  
 
Date of Birth          - 31 May 1993 
 
Sex                              -   Male 
 
Marital status          - Single  
 
Contact No          -   9173786125,7069085784  
 
E-mail ID          - shahrukhmalek@gmail.com   
 
Nationality            - Indian 
 
Nature           - Honest and Positive Attitude 
 
Hobbies                    - Like to play and watch “CRICKET” 
 
Languages known -  English, Hindi, Gujarati,Urdu 
 
 Address          -   A/62, Ayojan nagar  Society, 
                     Near ST Xavier High School  
      Kalol PIN -382721 
                   Gandhinagar, Gujarat 
         


