
















































Resume		ArunDasaraju
Arun Dasaraju
PamTen Inc.
Email: dasrajuarun@gmail.com, Mobile: 8008489842

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Looking forward for a challenging work profile as .Net Developer and to become a part of dynamic and result oriented organization where I can put my technical experience along with aptitude, Problem Solving and Inter-Personal skills for best utilization.My key interests are working on new cutting edge technologies, learning new tools, working on new innovative design frameworks and making the overall Development process optimized and efficient.


EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
· 2.3 Yearsof experience in IT Industry with Product Development.
· Experienced in developing web applications in Microsoft Visual Studio .Net IDE using .Net 2.0, 3.5, 4.0, 4.5, C#, ASP.NET MVC, ADO.NET, Angular JS and SQL Server.
· Proficient in Web Services, XML, CSS, HTML5, AJAX, Bootstrap, JQuery and JavaScript
· Expert in debugging an application using the debugging tools provided by the Visual Studio.Net IDE
· Effective defect tracking and reporting to improve communication using Redmine.	
· Continual learner of Problem Solving Techniques.
· Works well independently or as a part of a team, quick-learner, able to meet deadlines.



TECHNOLOGY
	Hardware/ OS
	Software Products
	Tools

	Windows 7 / Windows XP Professional
	ConnectPro Global
Ranked Services

	Microsoft Visual Studio 2012-2017,
Microsoft SQL Server 2012-2016
Redmine













CAREER PROFILE
	Dates
	Organization
	Role

	August 2016 to Till date
	PamTen Inc
	Software Engineer










QUALIFICATIONS
	QUALIFICATION
	YEAR
	BOARD
/UNIVERSITY
	INSTITUTE
	PERCENTAGE

	MCA
	2016
	Osmania University, Hyderabad
	Vasavi College Of  Engineering, Hyderabad
	62%

	BSc (MSCS)
	2013
	Osmania University, Hyderabad
	G.Pulla Reddy Degree College, Hyderabad
	66%



ASSIGNMENTS: PamTenInc
	Customer
	GWC, GSGNY, Curating Simplicity.

	Product
	ConnectPro Global, Ranked Services.

	Description
	ConnectPro Global is a powerful and effective networking tool for any business or organization. Easily cut through the clutter of multiple programs and spreadsheets and, with one source, connect directly with members. Additionally, the format effortlessly allows members to network and communicate with each other.

Entire Event Management process is an organized, centralized process. From inception through post-event analysis.

Ranked Services is an online portal helping the consumers to get connected with a variety of curators to fulfill their home/organization needs. Curating Simplicity provides a platform for the Curators to showcase their skills and expertise and make a better living. The application is focused on home organization services which includes but not limited to removing clutter, organizing closets, organizing kitchen and organizing bedrooms.


	Tools
	Visual Studio,SQL Server,Redmine

	Role
	Software Engineer

	Responsibility
	· To develop technical interfaces, specifications and architecture
· To collect the software requirement by customer and develop the application as per their requirement
· To participate in requirement analysis
· To develop client displays and user interfaces
· To assist software personnel in handling project related work and other requirements
· To coordinate with other software professionals and developers
· To write the high-quality code to meet customer requirement
· Understanding of Agile methodologies
· To find out the information about latest tools and technologies which can enhance the features and performance of the application
· To provide technical support as an expert


	Period
	August 2016 to Till Date




KEY COMPETENCIES & SKILLS 
My Competency Profile includes the following
	
	Skill
	Proficiency (1 to 5) 

	Redmine
	4

	Visual Studio
	4

	Communication
	4




PERSONAL DETAILS

	Date of Birth
	26-August-1992

	Nationality
	Indian

	PAN No                  
	AZTPD7855N




Page 1 of 3
