









































Microsoft Word - Deepti_Chawla_CV_v1.1


Deepti Chawla 
Mobile: +91-9811256448 ~ E-Mail: dechawla@gmail.com               

 
Snapshot 

 A dynamic professional with 9+ years of experience in Analytics and Consulting 

 Associated with Affine Analytics Pvt Ltd as Manager in Delivery 

 Worked in Customer Analytics, Lead Analytics, Competitor Analytics, CRM and Business Analytics 

 Done consulting for a Fast food restaurant chain, Retail Giant, Large Automobile company, IT solution provider 

and Health Insurance provider to address different issues that includes strategy, sales and marketing using 

analytics 

 Experienced in creating and implementing predictive models and Data Mining  

 Strong experience in Team Management and Project Planning 

 
Functional Skills 

 

Consulting & Management 

Below are some of the projects on consulting, 

 Presently, managing an offshore team of 15 people for a client engagement in Gaming Industry 

 Customer Behaviour Segmentation and Customer Value Segmentation for a fast food restaurant chain 

 Identified profitable and loss making stores and prepared stores retention summary for a retail giant CFO 

 Led a team of 5 to develop and implement sales propensity models to facilitate the automotive client for 

improvement of their market share by implementing sales propensity models 

 Improved customer satisfaction and reduced service churn for automotive manufacturer by leading the 

development and implementation of scheduled service propensity and churn models 

 Developed Next Best Product model to identify opportunities for offering next best product for automotive giant 

based on historical sales pattern using Sequence analysis  

 Led implementation of data driven approach for marketing strategies & standardised Analytics Data Management 

for a large IT solution provider in US 

 Identified market positioning of a Health insurance client with respect to its competitors and their network and 

spend leakage 

 Led and established offshore models for a health insurance client and an IT solution provider 

 Managed end to end deployment of a CRM application across 4 client markets in collaboration with team spread of 

8 countries 

 Identified opportunities to target customers for effective campaign management using Siebel Analytics 

 Experienced in managing clients efficiently onsite and offsite. Have travelled and worked on onshore assignments 

with clients from US, Singapore and Ireland 

 

Analytics: 

Worked in the below domains: 

 Customer Analytics 

 Lead Analytics 

 Competitor Analytics 

 CRM and Business Analytics 

 
 
 
 



 
Marketing Analytics: 
 
Delivery Manager for a Gaming Client: 
1. Presently managing an offshore team of 15 people to ensure end to end project delivery 
2. The project objective is to help client in predicting hardware(console/device) sales and software(game sales) 

through adhoc reporting and predictive modelling 
 
Customer Analytics: 
 
Segmentation for a fast food restaurant chain: 
3. Analysed client customer data to generate value and behaviour segments using R 
4. Generated customer segments will help client to serve right product to right people, to run marketing campaigns 

for promotional offers and driving incremental traffic coming to restaurants 
 
Store Analytics for a retail giant:  
1. Analysed client retail stores data and customer data to prepare high level store retention summary report for 

client’s CFO 
2. Created store network to combine stores with minimum distance and common customer share pool 
5. Prepared store retention models using linear regression. Analysed closed stores data and predicted retention rate 

for open stores  
6. Analysed profitable and loss making stores basis store sales, profitable and retention metrics  
7. Generated customer value segments to determine high, medium and low value customers. These customers 

segments were further mapped to stores proposed for closure to determine sales retained and customer retained 
 
Sales and Service Analytics for a leading automobile manufacturer: 
1. Modelled Sales and Service data using Logistic Regression to determine customers highly likely to repurchase new 

vehicles and continue generating service revenue 
2. Developed Next best product model in SAS Eminer using sequence analysis to predict next product a customer is 

likely to purchase when they come for a repurchase. This helped to offer right product to the right customer 
3. Developed a churn model using logistic regression to identify vehicles with high probability churn to reduce service 

churn 
4. Developed a lead prioritization model which aimed at identifying minimum set of leads required for maximum sales 

conversion 
5. Warranty Analysis: Studying different KPIs for warranty service failure such as Supplier, Application/Spare parts, 

Region & Time Frame etc. to identify service dealers which are outliers thereby focusing on them to improve their 
practices 

6. Led a team of 5 junior analysts and consultants to deliver new propensity models build and monthly model 
maintenance workflow 

 
Lead Analytics: 
1. Designed and implemented analytic SAS data mart to support complex lead management processes (ongoing, 

multi-year process) for an IT solution provider 
2. Designed and implemented automation workflow to support lead intake, enrichment and nurture through 

Marketing Campaign tool 
3. Worked on proof of concept phase of project which led to a success deal of 3 year implementation roadmap 
4. Led a team of 3 junior analysts to establish the offshore setup of 2 work streams – Analytics and Automation 
 
Competitor Analytics: 
1. Analysed patient’s claims data to determine market positioning of a health insurance client with respect to its 

competitors 
2. Designed and developed business reports using SAS to understand client network in terms of patients and 

physician base, patient spend, loyalty and leakage from the network in comparison to competitor hospitals 
operating in same region 

3. Established an offshore model with 2 junior analysts to set up the regular reporting process for business 
 
CRM and Business Analytics: 
 
CRM Application Deployment: 
1. Implemented client based Siebel application for Kazakhstan and APAC markets including New Zealand, Taiwan and 

Vietnam. This involved setting up the required functionality in Quattro Lite opted by each market, migrating the 
data from their respective legacy databases, testing of migrated data into application for production go live and 
providing end user training on the usage of the application 



2. Worked with stakeholders from 8 countries in the project – India, Singapore, Spain, UK, New Zealand, Kazakhstan, 
Vietnam, Taiwan 

3. Managed CRM application deployment end to end 
 
Campaign Management: 
1. Developed and executed direct marketing campaigns (direct mail and telemarketing) using Siebel Analytics to 

enhance sales thereby increasing campaign profitability. It primarily focused on identification & list generation of 
the customer segments which can be the target for different marketing campaigns 

2. Measured campaign response effectiveness 
 
Domain knowledge 

 Retail CPG 

 Automobile sales & service 

 IT Solution Provider 

 Health Care and Public Services 

 Telecom 

 
Technical skill 

Analytical/Reporting packages: 

 SAS Eminer, SAS EG & Base SAS 

 SQL 

 R – Beginners’ level 

 Python – Beginner’s level 

Database client tool: 

 Oracle Toad 

 Teradata (For accessing Enterprise Data warehouse) 

Campaign Management tool: 

 Siebel Analytics 

Microsoft Office Package: 

 MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access 

 
CAREER SKETCH 

Employer Designation Domain Tenure 

Affine Analytics Manager Data Analytics Jun’2017 to Present 

Accenture Analytics Consultant Customer Analytics Mar’2010 to May’2017 

Evalueserve.Com Pvt Ltd  Business Analyst Data Analytics Jun’2008 to Mar’2010 

 

ACADEMICS 

Degree University/School Passing Year Passing Percentage 

Masters in Applied Operational 

Research 

University of Delhi 2008 79% 

Bachelors in Statistics University of Delhi 2006 75% 

Senior Secondary Education DAV, Pitam Pura, New Delhi 2003 79% 

Secondary Education DAV, Pitam Pura, New Delhi 2001 81% 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS & EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

 Have been rewarded mostly for all project contributions in Accenture through celebrity performance monetary 

rewards 



 Recognised with ‘A’ team Star award for outstanding performance among all Industry analytics projects in 

Accenture, India 

 Recognised as ‘Analyst of Month’ twice for contribution to the project in Evalueserve 

 Received ‘Beyond the call of duty’ title award for performance in Evalueserve 

 Supported internal Accenture recruitment team for Analytics team recruitments 

 


