










































· Curriculum Vitae                          

Prathamesh Dattaram Manwal						
shivsai-shivprerna chawl,
ambika nagar no.-2, 
wagale estate,
Thane (w)-400604.				


Name             			  :  Prathamesh Dattaram Manwal


Date of Birth         	 	  :  October 04,1993


Permanent Address                  : Shivsai-Shivprerna Chawl,
			   	    Ambika nagar no.-2, 
			   	    Wagale Estate,
   	    Thane (w)-400604.
	
 
phone no.			  :   +91-9869305480


Email				  : prathameshmanwal09@gmail.com


Sex             			  :  Male


Nationality           		  :   Indian


Marital Status        		  :   Unmarried


Language Known     		  :  English, Hindi.& Marathi



Work Experience  		  : 
1: Mukand infinite resolve LTD, kalwe 
Title :  opt.trainee
Period 16th april 2015 to 24th may 2017
JOB PROFILE:
senior  IT operations executive
as well as quality & analysis supervisor
Perform day- to-day activities under routine and continuous supervision with minor discretion in resolving problems or enquiries without frequent reference to others.
To provide 1st level support and triage, taking ownership of Incident and Problem cases.
Connected work stations limited to the office area 
Installed new software and hardware and set up user accounts and passwords
Ensured total security of the network systems, including the internet
Installed anti virus software and fixed network faults
Planned and implemented procedures necessary for future development
Assisted in maintenance of servers and serve clusters
To maintain an up to date record of network diagrams, inventory databases and equipment specifications related to the customer's services, including updates to the knowledge base.
To carry out technical investigations on user logged cases relating to user permission issues , performance issues, investigating and service requests.
free Wi-Fi is where a company gives almost free Wi-Fi access to its employees – along with a few monitoring safeguards over what employees can download, access, and upload with their smartphones. It is about providing a nice perk for employees without handing them the keys to the company
Practicent MS Excel, World, Powerpoint, Outlook.
To handle compony network & database.
Co-ordinate with client.

  



Currently working:
2: orient  technology pvt. Ltd.,MBP,Ghansoli.
Title :  Network support engineer
Starting Period  12th june 2017
JOB PROFILE:
As network support engineer on the process of tikona wireless internet service provider.
Troubleshooting  on the client end.

working on the client raised complaint.

checking and monitoring  on the network using different network tools.

checking access point, radio as well as customer premise equipment and  forword the trouble ticket to respective team, NOC TEAM

Provided assistance in troubleshooting networking issues and network device hardware failure

Identified and fixed recurring network problems

Diagnosed problems and escalated issues 

Written, reviewed, and executed changes in networking documents

Monitored and managed ticket queue by prioritizing tasks

	Education :
B.Sc. in Computer Science FROM Dnyanasadhana college,Thane
	S. No
	Qualification
	Year
	College / Institution
	Board / University
	Score

	1.
	B.Sc.C.S 
	2014
	Dnyanasadhana college,Thane
	University of Mumbai
	59.62%


	2.
	12th
	2011
	R.J. Thakur jr college,Thane
	Maharashtra Board 
	52.33%

	3.
	10th
	2009
	Rajarshee Shahu maharaj vidyalay.
	Maharashtra Board 
	72.00%




Technical Qualification:
· Course On Computer Concepts Certified 
· CCNA  Course In Nettech,2014.
· Operating System   :   Microsoft Windows 10, Windows 8, Linux.
·  Database                   :  DBMS  , SQL Server. 
· Eddy Current Testing Level 1 Certified


Hobbies:
· Playing Cricket.
· Net surfing.
· Listening music.




Strong Points :
· Honest , ResponSible, to do hard work.
· Adjusting as per Environment,Helping person in need,Ability to grasp quickly,team work.
Declaration:

I hereby declare that above-mentioned details are true and best to behalf of my knowledge and belief.

Date : 							

Place: -Thane						                         Signature,

								
                                                                                                                              


						     	 ( Prathamesh Dattaram Manwal)




