














































MADHU KUMAR  
 

Mobile: 9505966288  
Email: nallamasumadhu@gmail.com  

 

Career Objective: 
 

To associate with an organization that provides an opportunity to accept challenges by demonstration of 

my skill and improve my knowledge with least trend, working dynamically towards the objective of the organization. 
 
Professional Summary: 
 

 Around 2+Years of experience in IT Industry in developing .NET applications.

 Proficiency and experience in C# , ADO.NET, ASP .NET Technologies

 Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks concurrently.

 Ability to understand and start working on new technologies quickly.
 
Professional Experience: 
 
 

 Current Employer       :   Krv Solutions Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad

 Period :   July 2016 to Till Date 

 Domain : Web based applications 

 Designation : Software Engineer 
 
Educational Profile: 
 

 B. Tech (Computer Science and Engineering) from Nalla Malla Reddy Engineering College, Hyderabad.
 10+2 from State Board.
 S.S.C from State Board.

 
Skill Profile:   

Platforms  :  Windows 

Languages :  C, C#.net 

Web technologies :    HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Xml. 

Databases : Microsoft SqlServer-2005-2016 

IDE/Tools :    MS Visual Studio-2012/2013/ 2017 

Application Server : Internet Information Server (6.0/7.0) 

 

Achievements: 

 

 Participated and won prizes in many events conducted in my college Level.


 Organized College level fest in our college “2k16 Yantra”.


 Attended for Joomla workshop and ethical hacking workshop.



Project Profiles 
 

Project 1: 
 

 Project Name : Skill PMS 

 Client : Krv Solutions 

 Team Size : 5 members 

 Environment : ASP.NET, C#.NET, HTML, CSS, Ajax, Java script, web services, SQL Server 

 Server : Control S 

 Duration : 10 Months 

 Role : Technical Analyst 

 

Description: 
 

Project Management System (PMS) for Training and Skill Development organizations. Our PMS 

enables the Skill Development Training Partners (PIA’s) to automate the process of SDMS life cycle from student 

mobilization to post placement tracking, Targets Reached or not, Status of payment, Accountability of Payments, Reports 

for submission and internal purpose. A student enrolling for the course has been tracked from the registration through the 

training to the placement. Centre set up as per DDU GY and PMKVY. 

 

Project 2: 
 

 Project Name : Skill LMS 

 Client : Krv Solutions 

 Team Size : 3 members 

 Environment : ASP.NET, C#.NET, HTML, CSS, Ajax, Java script, web services, SQL Server 

 Server : Control S 

 Duration : 9 Months 

 Role : Technical Analyst 

 

Description: 
 

LMS personalizes the education experience with individual student profiles, audio, and video 

messaging among educators and students. LMS not only provides educators with the opportunity to upload content and 

share files in different formats, it also allows students to share audio, video and other media over collaborative 

workspaces. LMS provides the ability to assess student learning through goal setting and by setting repetitive tasks such 

as updating syllabus, grade books, and calendars. Course notifications, such as changes to due dates and discussion replies 

can be sent via email, SMS or social networks. Educators can preview and annotate student submissions directly through 

LMS. 
 
 

Responsibilities: 
 

 

 Responsibilities will include design, development, coding and Testing of software modules which comprise 
the training system.

 Creating web applications
 Identify and evaluate new technologies/techniques and recommend new software, technology, and services as 

needed.



Personal Profile: 

 

 Name : Madhukumar Nallamasu 

 Father’s Name : Krishna Nallamasu 

 Gender : Male 

 Date of Birth : 10/06/1995 

 Languages Known : Telugu, English, Hindi 

 Marital Status : Un Married 
 
 
 

Declaration: 
 
 
 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the 

responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
 

 

Place 

 

 

: Hyderabad 

 

 

Your’s truly, 
 
Date 

 
: 

 

Madhukumar Nallamasu 


