












































                                                              CURRICULUM VITAE
Pavan Kumar Kakarla                                                                Email:Kakarlapavan50@gmail.com

                                                                                                        Mobile: 09963266633           
	CAREER OBJECTIVE


Seeking a challenging position in the field of Reinsurance where I can apply the skills that I have developed to the fullest potential and utilize my Education and Experience more meaningfully in the sphere of Catastrophic Modeling and work hard towards achieving the goals of organization.
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
· Around 2 1/2 years Experience in “Direct & Facultative property reinsurance Business Modeling” as  Risk Analyst in Flagstone Reinsurance India PVT Ltd, Hyderabad.

· Job Responsibilities: -
· Processing and analyzing the CAT risk information for reinsurance underwriting, portfolio risk assessment for natural catastrophe events such as Earthquake, Windstorm & Flood and Man-made catastrophe events like Fire & Terrorism.
· CAT modeling for D & F, Binders and Treaty accounts using RMS tools - Risk Browser and Risk Link. Have good understanding of the Primary and Secondary modifiers which have a significant role in arriving at proper modeled results.
· Have used my knowledge in SQL techniques to create queries so as to generate Ground up & Gross loss details - Return Period Losses. The portfolio reports thus generated provide details of the accumulations as well as probable loss estimates of certain events.  Portfolio reports help underwriter decide on the spread while the Lloyds would assess the overall liability and the adequacy of the syndicate’s capital.
· Supporting in Portfolio Management for Direct & Facultative Business, Treaty Reinsurance.
· Carried out detailed risk analysis of submissions, including data quality monthly & Quarterly Basis.
· Run catastrophe analysis using RMS products to estimate insurer’s catastrophe losses.
· Supporting Underwriters by submitting the modeled results in appropriate time to better select the Risk for maintaining a profitable Book of Business.
· Supporting in Submission of Accumulation reports for Energy Accounts (Off shore & on shore)

 on monthly basis.
· Has good hands of Experience in RMS Risk Assessment Products like Risk Link & 
Risk Browser.
Projects: -

	Project #1
	Direct & Facultative Business (Property)

	Customer
	Apollo 1969 Syndicate in Lloyds

	Period
	From NOV 2009 to till date

	Description
	Analyzing the Accounts that come for Modeling and assisting the Underwriter in getting the better loss estimates to take a decision for retaining the Account or getting retrocession for Profitable book of Business

Used RMS Tools like Risk Link & Risk Browser.

Used Joins, Stored Procedures in generating the Reports to be sub-mitted to Lloyds of London.



	Role
	Risk Analyst
Report generation using MS SQL Server 2008
Testing and Maintenance.

	Tools
	RMS Products (Risk Link, Risk Browser), Toad ,SQL Loader 


	Project #2
	Direct & Facultative Business (Energy)

	Customer
	FSML 1861 Syndicate

	Period
	From March 2010 to till date.

	Description
	Importing the Bound Accounts in to Risk Link and submitting the Accumulation reports on Month Basis.



	Role
	Risk Analyst
Report generation using MS SQL Server 2008
Testing and Maintenance.

	Tools
	RMS Products (Risk Link, Risk Browser), Toad ,SQL Loader 


Key Competencies & Skills 

Below is a list of RMS Tools & Technology used for Modelling & generating reports
	RMS Tools/Technology
	Tools
	Proficiency (E0 to E4)

	Risk Link

Risk Browser

MS SQL Server 2008

MS Access 2007
	Risk Link

Risk Browser

SQL Workflow

MS Access 2007


	E4

E4

E3

E4




Career Profile
	Dates
	Organization
	Designation

	From 2nd NOV 2009 to till date.
	Flagstone reinsurance India PVT Ltd
	Risk Analyst


CERTIFICATIONS

· Completed CPCU 500 (Foundations of Risk Management in Insurance) & CPCU 520 (Insurance Operations) from AIPCPCU.

· Licentiate from Insurance institute of India.

	EDUCATION PROFILE


	Qualification


	Discipline/

Specialization
	School/college
	Board/

University
	Period
	percentage%



	B Tech
	Computer Science
	PVP Siddhartha institute of Technology, Vijayawada

	JNTU Kakinada
	  2005-2009
	 74.9%

	     

10+2
	M.P.C
	Sri Pratibha Jr College
	Board of Intermediate AP
	  2003-2005
	95.6

	SSC
	      -
	St Arnolds High School
	State Secondary Board of AP
	  2002-2003

	86.5%


	PERSONAL PROFILE


	Name                                    :
	Pavan Kumar Kakarla.

	Father’s Name                      :
	Subba Rao

	Date Of Birth                         :   
	05th June 1988.

	Gender                                  :
	Male

	Marital Status                        :
	Single

	Nationality                             :
	Indian

	Known Languages                :
	Telugu, English and Hindi.



	DECLARATION


I here by declare that the information given by me is true and I am solely responsible for the accuracy.                            

Date: 

Place:                                                                                                                 (Pavan Kakarla)                                             
