












































Sweta Upadhyay

E-mail  :
swetaupadhyay30@gmail.com
Phone :
7044250644

Address:
Kolkata, West Bengal

Summary


An analytical software developer with deep expertise in JAVA/J2EE with 4 year hands on experience.


Versed in both agile and waterfall development techniques.


Skilled in requirements analysis and project documentation.


Able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical project stakeholders.


Expertise in current and emerging trends and techniques.


Proficient in coding and developing the new program


Professional Skills


·Java EE Web Component APIs: Servlets, JSP
·Java EE Resource APIs: JDBC, JMS, JAX-WS

·Frameworks: Spring 3

·ORM Framework: Hibernate 3

·Web Development: HTML, Java Script, AJAX and jQuery

·Unit Testing: JUnit 3, Mockito
·Testing Frameworks: Selenium

·Build Tool: Maven 3

·Application Servers: Apache Tomcat

·IDE: Eclipse 3.x

·Other Tools / Frameworks: Soap UI, HP ALM

.Database :SQL Server 2012,MYSQL

Work experience


Cerner India Health Services Pvt Ltd
February 2016 — Present

Software Engineer

Product: Soarian Financials- (Patient Access)

Role: Java Developer

Responsibilities Held:

Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications


Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Java code


Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems


Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization


Technologies Used:Core Java,SQL-Server,HTML,Java Script,Jenkins,Junit,JSP,Accurev,

Sweta Upadhyay
1

Cognizant Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd
November 2013 — January 2016

Product Analyst

Project #01: ADPART Product Website (https://adpart.cognizant.com) Technologies Used: Java, Spring MVC, Hibernate, JQuery, Ajax, MySQL. Description:

Using ADPART Product site you can Raise demo request. Get latest news about product. Show casing product features.

Storing demo request and contact us request in Mysql DB. Automatically mail has trigger to adpart DL.

Responsibilities Held:

Requirement Analysis of the Web Site design layout as provided by the Business Analyst.


Designing the UI for the Web Pages with cross browser compatibility and inter-operability function.


Active Role in the development of the entire website.


Maintaining the production site.


Project #02:AIG LIfe Inusrance

Technologies Used: Selenium using Java, QC, CRAFT Framework

Responsibilities Held:

Establish an automated test environment for UI and non-UI testing·


Review test cases and automate whenever possible·


Educate team members on test automation and drive adoption·


Integrate automated test cases into nightly build system·


Design, document, manage and execute test cases, sets, and suites


Project #03: Clearance Automation App (Internal App of Cognizant)

Technologies Used: Selenium using Java, QC, CRAFT Framework

Responsibilities Held:

Establish an automated test environment for UI and non-UI testing·


Review test cases and automate whenever possible·


Design, document, manage and execute automated test cases, sets, and suites


Education


B.tech
August 2009 — July 2013

Calcutta Institute of Engineering and Management

Completed B.tech with CGPA 9.0.


Awarded with Academic Excellence Award in 3rd year and 4th year B.tech for scoring above 9.0 CGPA


Higher Secondary
June2008 — June2009

National High School for Girls

Scored 87.8% in Higher Secondary Examination.


Got 50,00 Scholarship from HRD of West Bengal.


Senior Secondary
June 2006 — June 2007

Arya Vidya Mandir High School for Girls

Scored 85.75% in Senior Secondary Examination.


Sweta Upadhyay
2

Interests


I have keen interest in the following:

1. Reading Books

2. Cooking

3. Watching Movies

Also a part of Cerner Fun@Work Community which looks after all the extra activities apart from work.

References


References available upon request.

Sweta Upadhyay
3

