
















































Rahul Maury - TL


Rahul  S .  Maury

OPERATIONS  TEAM  LEADER

Infosys BPM limited 

NOV 2012 - PRESENT

Operations Team Lead (Present) 

WORK  EXPERIENCE

P R O F E S S I O N A L  

S U M M A R Y

Excellent Operations Team Leader

understands how to motivate

team, plan track and monitor

achievement of operational goals.

Effective at managing diverse

team members to accomplish

goals. Possesses seasoned skills

with identification of operational

issues and the methods to address

them. Resourceful business savvy

professional with more than 5.5

years of experience in operations..

    +91 9096963654            rahulmaury@ymail.com 

Monitoring performance and providing feedback. Advice for improvement. 

Maintaining business relations with key global Stakeholders and Senior Community

through governance, weekly call, MBR and QBR meeting. 

Managed multiple teams working for a different region of APAC (SG, MY, AU, and NZ)

Set goals and motivate the team in achieving them.

Develop strategy and share during 1-0-1 and motivate to follow them. 

Take and implement feedback from team members effectively. 

Work with team members and hosted regular meetings

Interview, hire and train the staff through coaching and development.

Leading and ensuring the overall success of the SAP Order Management Team. Manage

and allocate tasks to resources, while ensuring deliverable is completed on-time,

according to plan and at a high level of quality

Involved in various business meetings to analyze and document the business

requirements related to Order Management and Logistics 

Depute team lead and process specialist (Oct'15-Dec'17) 

Assign all work assignments, commit the team to the work.

Manage the quality of the work and drive the people management activities for team 

Do configuration, customization, Production Support and Coordination Aspects of SD

Master Data, Handle issue/escalation. 

Customer & Material Master Data Customization of Order Management, Delivery

scheduling, Transportation, Warehouse management

Involved in Unit and Integration testing for Order-to-Cash transactions 

I was team player with the technical background, leadership qualities, excellent

communication and interpersonal skills. 

A quick learner with strong analytical and problem-solving skills 

Overseas Experience

Manila, Philippines (8 months) May'15-Dec'15

Singapore (1 Week) Aug'16

Work permit travel to support the new business transition of P&G.

Download knowledge from client and training team to setup new business in Manila

location. Help team with domain training and support to new users/TL

Business travel for transition of OGI process from P&G office to Infosys.

Sr. Process exe/SME (Apr'14-sep'15) 

Serve as an SME in SAP and internal processes/procedures; often called upon by senior

management to provide training and support to other team members 

Quarterly NNIT testing via Panaya to ensure smooth SAP operations

Served as a key user in multiple Continuous Improvement Projects including the

process training and troubleshooting issues. 

Expertly support and manage day-to-day OM and OGI testing. (complete OM cycle) 

Identified and scripted standard operating procedures 

Process executive/Order analyst (Dec'12 - Mar'14) 

Actively executed day to day activity related to order management process 

Edited and updated course materials/Job aid. 

High productivity with quality (Receive multiple SPOT award, individual achiever,

performance award

Coordinated validation activities with key market stakeholders  

Part of the successful pilot project. (AU&NZ OM) 

Post Go-Live, supported issues coming for IDocs for Purchase Order, creating

Inbound/Outbound delivery, shipments, troubleshoot and fixed failed/blocked IDocs 

T E C H N I C A L  S K I L L S

ERP : SAP R/3  

SAP Module : SD,MM and FI 

Database:MS Access 

SAP scripting AddIns.

Application/Web software :MS

Office tools (Excel, Word,

PowerPoint, and Outlook),

Panaya, serviceNow, OTIS 

Operating Systems

:Linux,MacOS, Windows

98/2000, XP, windows7/8/10... 

S O F T  S K I L L S

Communication 

Ability to Work Under Pressure 

Decision Making 

Time Management 

Self-motivation  

Conflict Resolution 

Leadership/Teamwork 

Creativity... 

/ P R O J E C T / A C T I V I T Y /  

C E R T I F I C A T E

Yellow belt (Project lead)

Automation project (Effort

saving project)

Workshop : Executive supply

chain management by CII

(Confederation of Indian

Industry)

Knowledge management

certified

Process champion certificate

Zero defect team award from

P&G

I-star awards



Enterprise structure: Defining of various relevant Organizational units and assigned

them to each other so as to accurately reflect the Enterprise Structure and form a

framework in which all business transactions could be processed. 

Master Data: Experience in working with Partner functions, Partner Types, partner

determination procedure. 

Sales Documents: Configuring Sales document types like Standard sales orders,

Scheduling Agreement, Returns, consignment, 3rd Party processing, Credit Memo

Request, Debit memo Request and contracts. 

Sales Order Processing: Experience in working with Customer master, Material master,

sales document type, item categories, schedule line category, copy control, output

determination and tax determination.

Pricing: Experience in defining Pricing Procedures, Condition Types, Condition Tables

and Access Sequences, Condition Exclusion. 

EDI: Worked on EDI and outbound IDOC, understanding of EDI formats like ANS,

orders, e-invoice transaction sets. 

Experience in KT & Support in effort saving project. 

A team player with sound technical background, leadership qualities, excellent

communication and interpersonal skills. A quick learner with strong analytical and

problem solving skills 

T R A I N I N G S

Team building (Mile stone : 4.0)

Reporting and analytics (M.S

3.0)

Business transaction

monitoring system/Process

Supply chain management

(T100/T200)

Six Sigma/Lean

Performance management.

Competency based

interviewing

      Sharad Institute of

Technology, Yadrav, Ichalkaranji. 

Dip in Information Tech, 2012) 

E D U C A T I O N

Xrbia Hinjewadi township, 

Nere, Hinjewadi 

Pune, Maharashtra 

India 411 057

       rahulmaury@ymail.com 

       +91 9096963654

A D D R E S S / C O N T A C T

Strong/effective team-building skills 

Able to effectively assess operational inefficiencies 

Exceptionally talented at devising appropriate goals 

Good knowledge of measurable tasks 

Competent in social oral and written communication 

Excellent goal tracking and report writing 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my

knowledge. 

Place :  

Date  :                                                                             

                                                                                                                        

                                                                                                                                  (Rahul S. Maury)

Funct ional ,  Domain  and  conf igurat ion  ski l l s

Core  Qual i f icat ions


