









































Microsoft Word - Sangeet_NE


 
 
 
 
 
 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 

 
Cisco Router 
 
Cisco Switch 

 
Cisco ASA 
 
TCP/IP 

 
Routing Protocols 

 
VPNs 
 
QOS 

 
Python 
 
 
 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL 
 
CCNP Switch 
 
CCNA Certified 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL SKILLS 
 
Ability to work under 
pressure 
 
Good documentation  
skills 
 
Teamwork 
 
Creativity 
 
Time Management 
 
Communication skills 
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Sangeet Gupta 
Marathahalli 
Bengaluru 
India - 560037 
 
M: 08989421566 
E: gsangeet7952@gmail.com  
 
DOB: 28/01/1992 
Nationality: Indian 

Sangeet Gupta 
 

Network engineer 
 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 

 
An enthusiastic, self-motivated network engineer with the necessary drive and 
determination needed to test new network features. Possessing excellent working 
knowledge of networking technologies and having a commitment to keep up to date with 
the latest developments. My objective is to excel in my field through hard work, research, 
skills and perseverance. 
Now looking for a new and challenging network engineer position, one which will make 
best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my development. 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Wells Fargo India  
NETWORK ENGINEER                                      July 2015 - Present 
 
I have total 3.3 years of professional working experience as a Network Engineer. 
Responsible to test and certify new network devices, components, and software 
releases to ensure the functionality and compatibility of these products for use in the 
Wells Fargo banking network as per Bank’s compliance policy and government 
regulation. 
Duties:   

Responsible to test features such as baseline, layer 2, layer 3, QOS, multicast, dot1x 
authentication for new software/Code releases for Cisco devices.     
Have experience with network testing tools like HPNA, SMARTS/IONIX, Vista 
Foundation, ACS server, Cisco Prime Infrastructure, Netcool, TAVVE/ZoneRanger 
and NFA as an end user.   
Network connectivity troubleshooting, ping, tracert, telnet, SSH.   
Responsible to test NetFlow, Syslog, SNMP on cisco devices.   

    Have experience with Spirent test center tool to evaluate the parameters such as per 
    flow QOS, ACL, stability of devices under different load conditions, analysis of new 
    network functionality in LAB before deployment in production.         

Have experience with IXIA Network Tool for performance testing under the most 
challenging conditions to ensure network performance and resiliency.     
Working with multiple technical Cisco platforms i.e. 3750x, 3560x, 2960x, 3850 series 
switches,1921/K9, 2921/K9 routers, wireless controllers 5510, 8510. 

 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  
 

Good understanding of Switching, Routing Protocols RIP, OSPF and BGP.   
Have a good technical knowledge of IPsec, DMVPNs, SSL VPN and NAT on 
Firewall.   
Working knowledge of major networking components & hardware components.   
Knowledge and hands-on training on Python Scripting for Network Automation.   
Ability to explain technical issues clearly to colleagues.   
Experience of performance measurement, capacity test using IXIA or Spirent.   
Good understanding of MS Visio for network design.   
Able and willing to work flexible hours when necessary.   
Good knowledge of Networking Fundamentals, including OSI, TCP/IP and 

various packets. 
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Bachelor of Engineering (Hons) Electronics and Telecommunications (7.61 CGPA)  
SGSITS, Indore                   2011 - 2015 
 
Higher Secondary:               Mathematics, Science (79.20%)  
MP Board School          2010 


