










































CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

RAJA DAS 

E mail: rjdas873@gmail.com 

Mobile: +919614340610 / +917044060324 

 

Communication Address: Block J9, Flat no. 1105, Sukhobristi 

Complex, Shapoorji, Action Area III, New Town, West Bengal, PIN- 

700156. Permanent Address: S-3, Ganapati Tower, Rupnarayanpur 

Bazar, Burdwan, West Bengal, PIN- 713364. 

 

 

Career Objective 

  

 

Intend to build career with leading corporate in Hi-Tech environment with committed and 

dedicated people, who will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential by adapting to 

the environment which is creative and continuously changing and willing to work as a key player 

in challenging environment.  

 

 

Employment History 

 

 

Organization: Reliance Nippon Life Insurance 

 

Location: Kolkata, West Bengal 

 

Duration: July 2018 – Present 

 

Designation: AGENCY RECRUITMENT & DEVELOPMENT MANAGER 

 

Roles and Responsibilities 

 

• Worked directly with Regional Manager & Branch Manager for recruiting Agents 
which is very much needed for business expansion. 

• Recruiting agents and developing them by providing proper training and guidance 
and then generating business from them. 

• Fixing appointments with generated leads and converting those leads into customers. 

• Keeping a track of existing customers and generating more leads and business from 
them. 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:rjdas873@gmail.com


 

 Summer Internship (During Post Graduation - MBA) 

 

 

Organization: Bajaj Finserv 

 

Duration: 2 Months 

  

Project: Retail Marketing 

 

Roles and Responsibilities 
 

Bajaj Finserv has a tie-up with Future Group which allows customers to shop from future group and 

pay with bajaj finserv EMI cards at instalment basis at zero per cent interest and zero down 

payment. I was given the opportunity of representing Bajaj Finserv and solely manning one of the 

future group’s outlets which was the Central mall, Rajarhat, Kolkata. 

 

Responsibilities taken by me were: 
 

• Given the charge of an entire store. 

• To explain the entire process and offers provided by Bajaj Finserv to the customers, 
this also included direct man to man pitching. 

• Keeping track of on-going transactions 

• Supervising the store cashiers and also guiding them in order to complete the 
transaction process successful 

• Even motivating them to generate leads there by increasing number of transactions. 
 

 

Vocational Training (During Graduation – B.Tech) 

 

 

1. Organization: Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (CLW) 

 

    Duration: 18 days 
 

    Training:  Training in CHITTARANJAN LOCOMOTIVE WORKS in TELEPHONE     

                       EXCHANGE 

 

 

2. Organization: SIMOCO 

 

    Duration: 21 days 
 

    Training: Training in SIMOCO in RADIO COMMUNICATION 

 

 



  

Academic Qualification 

  

 

Area of Specialization: Major- Marketing  

                                        Minor- Human Resources 

 

 

Qualification Board/University Year of passing %/CGPA 

MBA MAKAUT(WBUT) 2018 6.53 

B.Tech WBUT 2015 6.63 

XII CBSE 2011 65 

X CBSE 2009 81 

 

 

Computer Related Skill 

 

 

• Microsoft Office 
 

• C, C++ 
 

 

Personal Details 

 

 

Name:                                                           Raja Das 

Father’s Name:                                           Amiya Das 

Mother’s Name:                                          Sonali Das 

Date-of-Birth:                                              17th May, 1993 

Marital Status:                                             Single 

Religion:                                                        Hindu 

Nationality:                                                   Indian 

Other interests:                                            Organizing Event during college, Travelling, Art & Craft,  

                                                                        Reading Books & cooking. 

 

 

Declaration 

 

 

I do hereby declare that all the statements mentioned above are true, complete and correct to the best of 

my knowledge and belief. 

 

 

Raja Das 

                                                                                                                                                                                        


