













































Curriculum Vitae

Curriculum Vitae

	Objective


Looking forward to associate with an organization, which offers a deserving position to strive for personal and organizational growth by utilizing my potential, technical and communication skills. Also I have desire to work with competitive people and prove myself in this regard.

	Personal Details


Full Name : Rohini Venkatachalam

Gender: Female, 
Date of Birth: 25th December 1985

Email ID : rohini_venkatachalam@yahoo.co.in
Permanent Address: 6/3, Chandra Illam, Kodikulam, 

                                  Madurai.

Marital Status: Divorced

Nationality : Indian

Languages known: English, Hindi, Tamil.

	Educational Qualification:


	Qualification
	University / board
	Year of Passing
	Percentage scored

	10th
	Matriculation Board
	2001
	First class, 68%

	12th
	State Board
	2004
	First class,  83%

	B. Com
	University of Madras, DRBCCC Hindu College
	2006
	First Class, 65%

	MBA - Finance
	University of Madras
	2011
	First Class, 63%


	Work Experience: 


Worked in Zenta Pvt. Ltd as an Associate from June 2006 to June 2008.

· I was into Mortgage processing, where we would analyse the loan application of the client based on which we would decide on  their loan eligibility
· Secondly we also have loans that would get rejected by the banks, so we would analyse them as to why those applications where rejected with certain criteria’s.

· Thirdly we could calculate the payment that they would pay based on the home that they have pledged for the loan and the interest rate, and some taxes as per the location of the home.

· I have developed a macro where it reduced the time and a FTE, and all my team members did there best and we won the “Kaizen Award “best performing team.
· Individually I have been awarded best performing employee.

Worked in Tata Consultancy Services as Senior process associate from June 2008 – August 2009
· In TCS I was with Fund Accounting Team, where we would analyse the financial statement of the client and based which there credit scores will be calculated and which act as a deciding factor for their loan eligibility.

· The financial statement includes the P/L statement and balance sheet, there were three different criteria’s Individual’s, Company’s and both individual and company’s financial statement.

· We would analyse the line of business of the customer or the company that they own to differentiate their assets and liabilities.

Working with Syntel Pvt, Ltd, Pune as Senior process associate from July -2010 to till now
· In Syntel working with Fund Accounting team, where we calculate Net Asset Value and release it to the market on time.

· We also post there daily accruals and reimbursement based on the TNA and the ratios. 
· Verify the cash availability in the accounting side and make them available in the market through sweep activity, so that trades get booked for the available cash.
· Verifying and posting the cheques and expenses that would get paid for the fund.

· Verifying the portfolio shares so that the market value does not goes wrong

· Verifying the accountability of corporate action that is booked.

· Posting the litigation cheques.

· Then verifying the reports and the dividends overdue payable and informing the client accordingly.

· Verifying the market value price of the security which is impacting the market.

Conclusion:

Hereby I declare that the above said information are true to my knowledge.

Thank you.

                                                                                                                            Regards

                                                                                                                    Rohini Venkatachalam

