














































RESUME


  

Shahira Saman  
 

CONTACT 

Mobile   :    +91-9748272706 
E-mail: shahira.saman@gmail.com 
 

Objective: 
 

To associates with an organization which progresses dynamically and gives me ample 

opportunity to improve my knowledge, enhance my skills and be an associate of the team that 

works towards growth of the organization. I am flexible and willing to work on diverse 

technology. 
 
 

Experience Summary: 
 

• Working with IBM India Pvt. Ltd. as Associate System Engineer since April 2017 

• 1 Years of experience in Biztalk Server 2010  specialized in Royal Canin project 

• Worked on the various enhancements made to the Application. 

• Develop web-based application and tools using .NET 4.0 

• Created and update SQL 2008 R2 databases and procedures for use in applications. 

• Created Schemas for the data files to be exchanged by the clients with its vendors. 

• Created Maps for conversion of business data to a format acceptable by the Business         

application 

• Created Orchestrations for business implementation and error handling 

• Created Ports for exchange of data between client applications and its vendors 

• Code Review and Testing of components 

• Deployed the application on Production Server after Migration and after Enhancements. 

• Production Monitoring of the application and provided support on various issues raised 

by client. 

• Prepared the various documents for the application. 

• Experienced in working and coordinating with people from different locations. 

• Capability of driving the work pressure effectively. 

 

 

 

Technical Skills: 
 

Languages Asp.Net,c#.Net, XML,HTML, CSS 

Tools BizTalk Server 2010,Team Foundation Server (TFS),Visual Studio IDE 

Database SQL server 2008 R2, MySql 

Operating System Windows 10/8/7/XP 

 

 
 
 
 
 

mailto:shahira.saman@gmail.com


Trainings: 
 

Program/Course Duration Start Date End 

SHAREPOINT (CSharp DotNet) 
April  2017  to  June 

2016 
5/04/2017 13/6/17 

 

 

 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

 

    Examination   
Discipline/ 

Specialization 
School/college 

Board/ 

University 

Year of 

Passing 
% 

      

  B.Tech 

Computer Science 

& Engineering Narula Institute of 

Technology, Kolkata 
W.B.U.T 

   

  2016 77.6 

  

  12th 

 

Science + Math 

Stream 

Assembly Of God 

Church School, 

Kolkata 

   ISC 

   

 2012 68.71 

     

  10th 

 

   

 General Studies 

 

Loreto Day School, 

Kolkata 
   ISC   2010 83.14 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Major Assignments: 
 
Assignment  
 
Customer : Royal Canin 
Domain             : Biztalk Server Application Development 
Period  : June-2017  
Tool                  : Biztalk Server 2010 
 

Description: 
 

Royal Canin manufactures and supplies dog and cat feed worldwide. The company also undertakes research into the 
formulation and testing of breed and symptom specific nutritional requirements of dogs and cats.  

With IBM Services, Royal Canin ups its capabilities via transformation to MS Dynamic NAV, Sustaining and increasing 
efficiency. The solution boosts customer satisfaction and global IT efficiency internal control and support digital 
transformation 

With IBM Services, Royal C 
   Role: Biztalk Application Developer 



 

 

Key Responsibilities: 
• Understanding and implementing Business Needs 

• Developing according to the specifications 

• Performing Sanity Check for error free deliverables 

• Providing customer satisfaction by enabling faster deliveries 

• Deployment activities 

• Support to the end users  
 
 
 

 

Personal Details: 
Date of Birth  :  11-September-1993 
Nationality  :  Indian 
Marital Status  :  Single 
Languages Known :  English, Hindi and Urdu 
 
 
 

 

 

Declaration 

  I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I 

bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

 

Place: Kolkata        Shahira Saman 


