









































` 
 

Vikramjit Singh Saini  
vikramjitsaini98@gmail.com  +91-9888451491  

 
OBJECTIVE: 
 
To achieve high carrier growth through a continuous learning process and keep myself dynamic, visionary and 
competitive with the changing scenario of the software industry. 

 
SUMMARY: 

 2.3 years of strong experience in analysis, design, development and implementation of large scale Java/J2EE 
 

Projects. 

 Experience in development of web and enterprise application using technologies such as Java,Node.js,Express.js, 
 

Spring, Hibernate, Camel and RESTful Web Services. 

 I have been currently working with Infosys, India for past 2.3 years as a Senior Software Engineer. 

 Sound Knowledge about Agile Methodology, Function Pointer and JIRA for defect management system. 

 Excellent communication, Interpersonal and analytical skills and a highly motivated team player with the ability 

to work independently. 
 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
 

Programming Languages 

Framework 
Web Technologies 
Certifications  
Operating systems 
Other tools 

 
: Core Java, Node.js, RESTful Web Services 
: Spring, Hibernate, Express.js, Camel 
: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
: Infosys Certified Node.js Professional  
: Windows 
: JIRA, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Jmeter, Postman, Bamboo, Git

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

 

Sr. Software Engineer 

 

| Infosys Ltd 
 

 

1. Project Name:- Toyota One Feature  
Client Name: - Toyota Motors Europe 
Technologies used: - Core Java, RESTful 
Web Services, Spring, Hibernate, and 
Node.js 

 
Description: - The MyToyota portal is a Java/Node.js based application for Toyota Europe customers. It provides 
features as My Vehicle, Journey Planner, Owner’s Manual and Online Booking Service. It has mainly 3 components 
Customer Portal, Telematics and Provisioning which interacts via Apache Camel and Rest web services. Configuration of 
different languages is done using CMS (Tridion) tool. 
 
Responsibilities: 

 Responsible for carrying out the analysis of existing codebase, identifying optimal solution, low level design and 

development tasks. 

 Handled various production related issues and code fixes with strict SLA. 

 Involved in Agile Methodology and Scrum calls. 

 Working with Onsite client, handling scheduled onsite calls and mentoring junior members. 
 Create or Update document after every deployment. 
 Gained functional expertise in the various tools like Postman, Jmeter

mailto:vikramjitsaini98@gmail.com


 
2. Project Name: - 4G WIFI-BOX  
Client Name: - Toyota Motors Europe 
Technologies used: - Node.js, Express.js 
and JavaScript. 

 

Description: - The 4G Hotspot is a device that allows users to have Wi-Fi connectivity in the car. The 4G Application allows 
users to register an account and to update some settings on the device like transport mode, privacy mode. The portal 
also provides features like purchase bundle when the user doesn't have one yet, upgrade or downgrade of an existing 
bundle, renew a non-recurring subscription and purchase a top-up. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Responsible for carrying out the requirement gathering and development tasks.  

 Created Web Services using Express.js to be consumed by the Client (UI). 

 Continuous involvement in writing Unit Test Cases during development phase. 

 Involved in Agile Methodology and Scrum calls. 

 Working with Onsite client, handling scheduled onsite calls and mentoring junior members. 
 

 

EDUCATION: 
Bachelor of Engineering (ECE) from Chitkara University, Chandigarh (Punjab), India| 8.2 CGPA 

 
12th (CBSE) with 81% and 10th (PSE Board) with 80.5% 

 

ACHIEVEMENTS: 
 

 Infosys Certified Node.js developer. 

 Client appreciation for development activity in 4G Wifi-Box Project 

 Completed Infosys Training (Project Readiness Program) with flying colors. 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of Birth: 07 September, 1993 
 

Languages: English, Hindi 
 

Current Address: B-1004, Royal Glory, Wakad, Pune, Maharashtra 
 
 

I hereby declare that the information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 

Date:11/2/2017         Vikramjit Singh Saini 


