
















































M.ACKSHAYA                                			2/177, Mangadu road ,
Mugalivakkam,
 Phone	: +91 – 7550078922			             Chennai
 Email: ackshuselvam@gmail.com 			India.

Profile:
1. Having 1.6 Years of experience as a Network and System administration officer.

Objective:
To acquire a challenging job in a firm where I can contribute to the maximum ability to uphold the objectives of the organization and can improve my professional skills so as to become the valuable resource to the organization.
Educational details:
1. Bachelor degree in Electronics and communication engineering course completed on april-2016 with 7.4 CGPA.
1. HSC completed on March-2012 with 78%
1. SSLC completed on March-2010 with 80%

Skills:
1.  MS-Office, CCNA (basics)
1. Hardware & Networking 

Employment History:

Working as a internship trainee
Company         :	Daphne Infotech
Training	         :	Hardware & Networking (A+, N+ & CCNA Basics)
	

Working as a System administration officer.
Company 	:	Finecons pvt ltd.
Duration 	:	11 Months

Working as a Technical Support Engineer .
Company 	: Mphasis Limited 
Duration 	:  Still working from 13th March 
Accomplishments	:

1. Responsible for installing and supporting LANs, WANs Internet, and intranet
1. Installing and maintaining network hardware and software.
1. Resolving network and systems related issues
1. Monitoring networks for ensuring security
1. Responsible for evaluating systems performance
1. Carrying out modifications to increase system's performance.
1. Identifying user needs and requirements.
1.  Responsible for determining system and network requirements.
1. Configuration and authorization of directory services.
1. Responsible for administering servers, desktops, printers, routers, switches, firewalls, software deployment, security etc
1. Maintaining asset report .
 
Project:

          TITLE		      :    Food Monitoring System Using Sensors.
           Description	      :    In the food storage area, some of the aspects like temperature , humidity , heat  level will be monitored using sensors and the results will be send to the controllers mobile. And also we tried the moving robot to control the specific aspects in the specific area.

Personal Details:
Name		: 		M.Ackshaya
Sex 		: 	Female
Date of Birth      		: 	24/11/1994
Nationality           		: 	Indian
Marital Status      		: 	Single
Languages Known		: 	Tamil, English

DECLARATION:
                     I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place   : Chennai		                                                                Signature
Date   :                                                                                               M.ACKSHAYA

