


















































MOUNIKA THIMMAPATRUNI 
Email ID: thimmapathrunimounika@gmail.com
Contact Number: + 91 7799310607

Career Objective:
Seeking a job in an esteemed organization, where excellence is the way of life, where I can dedicate myself to the development and welfare of the organization which in turn raises my potential and ability.

Professional Summary:
2.4 years of IT Industry experience in Java and possessing a wide range of skill sets, role as an Application Developer in Java Technology and currently working as an Application Developer in IBM India Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad.

Skill Set:
	Languages
	Java, J2EE, SQL, XML, Struts 1.2, Filenet P8 5.1(Basic), HP EXStream Dialogue(Basic), Restful Web services(Basic), Blaze(Basic).

	O/S
	Windows, Linux.

	Database
	ORACLE.

	Development IDE’s
	Eclipse, Rational Application Developer (RAD 7, RAD 8, RAD 8.5)

	Tools
	Different Tools like TOAD, Secure Fx, Secure CRT, ClearCase, GIT, Assyst Web, Service Now, BURP Tool, HPE Security Fortify Audit Workbench. 

	Servers
	WebSphere Application Server (WAS 6.0, 6.1, 7.0, 8.5.5.2), JBOSS Server.



Academic Profile:
	Course
	Stream
	Name of Institution
	Board / University
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	B. Tech
	Information Technology
	Vignan’s Institute of Information Technology, Visakhapatnam.
	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada
	2015
	77.13%

	Intermediate
	M.P.C
	Narayana Junior College, Visakhapatnam.
	Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh
	2011
	90.5%

	Xth Standard
	S.S.C
	J M J E.M High School, Anakapalli, Visakhapatnam 
	Board of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh
	2009
	88%



Project Handled: 
SIC (Standard Insurance Company):
Joined as an Associate System Engineer (Core Java) in Standard Insurance Company and started working on the Production Issues and Work Requests(Enhancements).
· Provided my support to many applications and contributing myself to the Maintenance Related Activities. 
· Worked on many Work Requests as part of Maintenance for different applications in different Line of Business.
· Worked on fixing fortify issues for java applications.
· Provided my support to testing teams to understand the requirements from developer perspective & Co-ordinate with testing team to perform testing and report the found vulnerabilities.
· Providing my support for PRODUCTION & NON-PRODUCTION incidents and got them resolved within the given time.

Achievements:
· Received a ‘Deeper Skill Award’.
· Awarded for my work under ‘Put the Client First’.
· Received ‘Certificate of Recognition’ for my contribution towards project. 

Strengths: 
· Self – motivated and Confident.
· Ability to handle work under pressure and perform multiple tasks simultaneously. 
· Possess excellent management and troubleshooting skills.

Personal Profile:
Date of Birth			: 21- FEB - 1994
Languages Known		: English, Telugu, can read and write Hindi.
Personal Address		: FLAT.NO: 101, Sai Nilayam, Raghavendra colony, opp. RTA   
                                                  office, Kondapur, Hyderabad, Telangana, PIN: 500084
Reference:  Sriram-HR
Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: 1-November-2017
Place: Hyderabad                                       	     	  (Mounika Thimmapatruni).
