












































CURRICULAM VITAE

	PROSENJIT SAMANTA
	
	  Resume

	Permanent Address : 33, Roy Bahadur Road, Behala, Kolkata 700034. W.B.  
Present Address: 87, Sambhu Halder Lane, Babudanga, Salkia, Howrah – 711106.     
 Mobile : +91- 983 673 1115.(Self)             

              +91-983 673 4526(Alternate)

Email ID : 
samanta_prosenjit81@yahoo.co.in.
hritspandan2014@gmail.com
	
	


Objective

To work in a competitive environment which always demands my part to meet 

all the dead lines put forth by the Organisation and where individual 


skills,honesty, sincerity, initiative and smart work are recognized.

Skills Set

 
· Finance & Accounting. Procure to Pay (P2P).
Academic

     


Qualifications


· MBA Finance (3 years) (Distance Learning) from IMT Ghaziabad.

Educational 

Background



· Master: MBA Finance (3 years) (Distance learning) from IMT Ghaziabad. Carrying over 50% marks.
· Graduation: Passed B.Com (H) from Thakurpukur Vivekananda College in 2003 under C.U. carrying 52% marks.

· Higher Secondary: Passed H.S. from Behala High School in 2000 under W.B.C.H.S.E, carrying 61% marks.

· Madhyamik: Passed Madhyamik from Behala High School in 1998 under W.B.B.S.E, carrying 60% marks.

Work Experience 


· Presently working at Capgemini Business Service India Ltd. as a Senior Consultant in an India AP project for the last 8.5 years. I was a part of the transition team to migrate this project here at Kolkata from Hyderabad, Pune, Chennai & Bangalore
After came back, I was responsible to give complete training to my team mates thru multiple training sessions. I used to handle their queries & doubts and perform all such activities to make the process stable and smooth sailing.
Now working as Team Leader for accounts payable team consisting of 15 team members. 
Role and Job responsibility

· Now my current role is to manage a team of 15 team members

· Manage Accounts Payable process of 35 operating units from two BU’s in India.

· Work closely with tax and system team for new implementation in GST rule, in process from time to time, to mitigate the GST compliance.
· Part of GST project and implementation

· Process stabilization of newly transited process of BSV BU.
Below are the roles which I played throughout my service life at Capgemini. 

a) Responsible to respond thru email or over telephone regarding queries of user department and employees.

b) Responsible to handle all payment related activities, which includes,

a. Run various reports before payment run.

b. Selection of vendors to be paid based on various parameters.

c. Verification of TDS applicability and rates on various natures of expenses.

d. Marking of payment in accounting tool, based on mode of payment.

e. Preparation of payment batch.

f. Uploading payment bath to bank site and performing necessary sequential activities to release of payment to due suppliers.
c) Responsible for preparation of employee reimbursement payment batch and upload into bank.
d) Initiate the process of purchasing DD from bank.

e) Responsible for passing entries for critical and high value transactions like

a. Inter Bank - Inter Unit RTGS transfer.

b. Salary entries.

c. Transferring of balance thru Inter Unit Clearing account.

d. Accounting inter-bank transfer entries.

f) Reconciliation of Inter Unit Clearing account on monthly basis.

g) Reconciliation of TDS clearing account GL on monthly basis.

h) Performing different types of high level checking of accounting entries done by entire team on monthly basis.

i) Co-ordinate with system team for issues encountered with Oracle accounting tool (R12). Working closely with them to get the issue resolved and attending weekly status call.

j) Reconciliation of accounting entries with bank statement on monthly basis and close issues stand open there.

k) AP GL reconciliation on monthly basis.
l) Responsible to prepare service tax receivable report to avail CENVAT credit on monthly basis.
m) Responsible to prepare report for quarterly A2 return for the registered vendors who provides services to SEZ location.

n) Responsible to prepare TDS payable report to deposit withholding tax to government on monthly basis & also prepare report for quarterly TDS return.
o) Responsible to keep track of threshold limit for lower deduction of tax rates for the external suppliers.
p) Responsible to maintain & implement various types of control mechanisms on payment activity.

q) Responsible to keep track of inflow & outflow of workflow on daily basis.
r)  Responsible to prepare state-wise report for deposit of Works & Contract Tax on monthly basis.
s) Prepare monthly ageing report for outstanding supplier with clarification of the same.
t) Responsible to prepare various types of MIS report for management reporting.
u) Responsible to prepare cycle time data on monthly basis & analyze the same for root cause analysis to find out the scope of improvement area.
Implementation:- 
      

a) Part of Cash-poolar team for implementation of automation in the payment process.

b) Implemented backend up-loader named as 688 up-loader component.
c) Implemented frontend up-loader named as data loader.

d) Part of team in implementation of GST.

Achievement:-


Received best performer award almost every year I work in Cap-Gemini.
· Worked in Acclaris Business Solution Pvt. Ltd. from 1st March, 06 to 17th Jan 2010 as a Process Associate of an US Account Payable project.

Role and Job responsibility
a) Handle Puerto Rico and Mexico Process in SAP on Captiva Platform.

v) Handle all work queues in Canada process, (viz. Canada_Q1, Canada_Q2, Canada_Credit, Canada_General etc.).

w) Handle all work queues in US process, (viz. US_Q1, US_Q2, US_Q4, US_5, US_Credit, US_Foreign etc.).

x) Responsible to train new FT (On the job training), update FAQ day-to-day basis and solve any process related issue.

y) Send daily process report to team lead.

z) Audit.

· Worked 1.3 years in Digital Domain India Pvt. Ltd. as a Process Associate of an outsourcing data conversion project of an US Logistic Company.

Role and Job responsibility
a) Process all types of logistic bill.

b) Download queues from FTP server 

c) Distribute queues to the respective processor.

d) Prepare flat file and send it to client with daily report.

e) Audit.

· Worked 9 months as a data entry operator of an off shore data conversion project of UTI in ITOSS India Pvt. Ltd.

Role and Job responsibility
a) Process.

b) Audit.

Personal

Information

· Father’s Name          : Mr. Swapan Samanta.

· Gender                      : Male

· DOB
                         : 31May, 1981.

· Nationality                : Indian

· Marital Status
      : Married.

· Languages Known    : Bengali, Hindi and English.

· Religion                    : Hindu

DECLARATION: -

          I hereby declare that the aforesaid information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date :  24/06/18 (DD/MM/YY).


      

     Place : Kolkata.


Prosenjit Samanta
                               
Prosenjit Samanta
                                                                                                        Mob:-9836731115

