
















































	
                                

E-mail
Mobile
	                          VIVEK Y. DESAI
                              
desaivivek27@ymail.com                         
+91-9004274306

	Objective
	To obtain a challenging position in a professional technology-driven organization of repute that would best utilize my expertise. I look forward to use my skills to help my organization achieve its objectives and bring in continuous growth and complement my professional growth.

	

Organizational  Experience



Responsibilities






Organizational  Experience





Responsibilities






Organizational  Experience





Responsibilities




	Total Experience : 7 Years 8 Months

Previous Organization : Brandonline.io
Duration : July 2017 to February 2018
Role : Executive Assistant to Chief Executive Officer


1. Work with Account, Sales and Executive team and help them become more effective           in their respective roles. 
2. Finance and Accounting. Work on ERP QuickBooks. (TDS, GST, PT)
3. CRM (Research and maintain database, Sales Campaign)


Previous Organization : Intelenet Global Services
Duration : September-2011 to July 2017
Client : Barclays 
Role : Senior Customer Service Executive
Process : Barclays Mortgage Services

1. UK based back office mortgage services process.
2. Resolving the queries of UK based customers related to the Mortgage services.
3. To resolve Complaints, amendments in their Direct Debit monthly payment for their mortgage with Barclay's.
4. Released the charge once mortgage paid off.
 

Previous Organization : Syntel 
Duration : November-2009 to June-2011
Client : International Financial Data Services
Role : Associate
Process : Mutual Fund

1. UK based back office mutual fund process.
2. Resolving the queries of UK based customers related to the Mutual Fund.
3. To resolve Complaints, amendments in their Direct Debit monthly payment for the SIP (systematic investment plan)

	Education
		      QUALIFICATION
(Area)
	       UNIVERSITY
	         INSTITUTE
	               YEAR OF PASSING

	B. Com (Account and Finance)
	 Mumbai
	KES College of Arts and Commerce
	2009

	HSC
	Maharashtra Board
	Bal-Bharti College of Commerce
	2006



	SSC
	Maharashtra Board
	J. B. Khot 
	2004




	
Skills




	
Computer basics & Tally 
Good Communication Skills
Focused approach to work
ERP Packages SAP R/3 ECC 6.0


	Personal Details

	Name                     :    Vivek Y. Desai
Date of Birth          :     27th November,1985
Gender                   :     Male
Mail ID                  :     desaivivek27@ymail.com
Languages Known :     English, Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi
Nationality             :     Indian
Address             : C-46, Dattani Park 1, Thakur Village, Kandivali (E), Mumbai-101

	Declaration
	I hereby declare that the above particulars furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Mumbai.







