















































1 

 

 

Nitin Kumar Sehalot  
Contact no: +91-8087413753 

E-mail id: nitinsehalot@gmail.com 
 

 

Professional 
Snapshot 

 Currently I am working as Technical Associate at Sears IT and Management Services 

India Pvt. Ltd in Pune. I have 3.2 Years of experience on J2EE Technology.  

 I have expertise in Core JAVA. I have worked on Open Source Frameworks- Struts, 

hibernate and Spring. Also worked on SQL/PLSQL. 

 Having good analytical skills and ability to handle multiple tasks and work 

independently as well as in a team. 

 Technical experience in Design, Development, Maintenance & Unit Testing. 

Technical 
Skills 

 Operating Systems  Windows XP, Windows 7 

 Programming Languages   JAVA, J2EE 

 Presentation layer  JSP, JavaScript, Tiles 

 Frameworks                                     Struts 1.x, 2.x, Spring, Hibernate 

 Data Access Layer   JDBC , Hibernate , JPA 

 Application & Web Servers Apache TOMCAT , WAS 6.0/7.0 ,  JBOSS 5.0,  

 IDE Familiar                                      Eclipse, RAD, Toad, SQLyog,  

                                                            PLSQL Developer, MYSQL. 

 Others Tools                                     Putty, Appworx, WinSCP, ClearCase, Apache                             

                                                            LDAP, BMC Remedy, Service Now ,Control-M    

                                                            Soap UI, IBM, Deployment Console, SVN,          

                                                            Citrix –Path finder, CyberArk.                     

Professional 

Experience 

Name: Sears IT and Management Services India Pvt. Ltd, Pune, Maharashtra 

[Nov’2017– Till date] 

Current Designation: Technical Associate  

Domain: Financial Services.  

 
Application:  LCM (Layaway Contract Management) 
 
The Layaway Contract Management system will provide the layaway functionality to 
the online dotcom sites and Kmart and Sears stores. This system will expose services 
to be used by the online systems (sears.com and kmart.com and stores to fulfill the 
layaway functionality. The LCM system in turn will interface with other systems (KIN, 
Kmart rules, Email system etc.) to fulfill some of the functionality. 

mailto:nitinsehalot@gmail.com


2 

 

Role in Project:  Analyst and Support Engineer. 
 
Synopsis:   In Layaway a customer can purchase set of items from a store and can 
pay for it in installments. After all the installments are cleared then only the items 
can be picked up by the customer. Online Layaway System is developed to handle 
layaway contracts. 
 
Technology Specification of Applications:   Java, J2EE, JBOSS 5.0, MYSQL 
Community v 5.5.24, Spring Core, Spring JDBC, Apache Commons libraries, Log4J, 
JAXB Struts, EJB( Enterprise service Bus). 
 
My Key Responsibility: 

 Involved in enhancing modules based on client requirement. 

 Assisting clients in contract update, store restoring process, JVM recycling, 
Application health-checkup and validation after server patching. 

 Analyzed the issues raised by clients and provided fixes for it. 

 Developing Test Plans and execute them to test various requirements. 

 Performing Unit and Integration Testing. 

 Provided various SQL queries for reporting purpose based on client 
requirement. 

 

 

 

Application:  SHARP (SEARS HOLDINGS ACTIVATION AND REFUND PAYMENT) 
 
Corporate users are the only users that can access SHARP application using 
pathfinder via citrix portal and it is highly critical application. All the transactions 
from POS (point of sales) to authorizers are flowing through the SHARP.  All the POS 
and transaction initiating systems interact with SHARP for authentication and 
authorization process through nodes setup on RTS (retail transaction switch).  

Role in Project:  Analyst and Support Engineer. 
 
Synopsis:   To check if the transactions flowing in from different initiating systems 
are getting authorized by the various banks/vendors. 
 
Technology Specification of Applications:  Unix servers, Windows servers, Oracle, 
Citrix-Path-finder, RDP, Control-M Batch Jobs. 
 
My Key Responsibility: 

 Analyzing the issues on payment transaction history, generation of token 
raised by clients and provided suggested fixes for it. 

 Do Unix and Windows servers recycling on weekly basis.   

 Monitoring the servers, batch jobs and alerts.  
 
 



3 

 

Name: Infosys Ltd, Pune, Maharashtra [Jan’2015– Nov’2017] 

Current Designation: Senior Systems Engineer 

Domain: Manufacturing and Financial.  

 

Client: Cummins Inc. 
Cummins Inc. is an Engine Manufacturer company which manufactures engines for 
various fields such as Automotive, Marine and Construction etc.  
 
Role in Project: Developer and Support Engineer. 
 
Synopsis: All Application which I support is the corporate Application for 
Cummins Employees. 
 
Technology Specification of Applications: Java, JSP, Struts 1.x/2.x, Hibernate, 
Spring, JDBC, HTML, Tiles, DWR, Oracle, PLSQL, Web Services, SiteMinder, LDAP, 
Batch Jobs (Appworx/Cron). 
 
 
My Key Responsibility: 

 Requirement gathering, estimation and database design. 

 Co-ordination with onsite coordinator for smooth functioning of the 
system 

 Optimized code development for new requirement to be implementing in 
present Web Application. 

 Developing Test Plans and execute them to test various requirements. 

 Proactively Suggesting value-adds for minimizing efforts and improving 
business. 
 
 
 

Achievements  Won “Insta Award-Certification of Appreciation” in Q3 2015-2016 from 

Infosys for learning and quickly absorbing the support process and getting 

application knowledge for 15 CORP Applications under corporate 

portfolio. 

 Awarded as a “WoW Performer” in Q4 2015-2016 to ensure the quality of 

corporate application by detecting defects in timely manner. 

 I was the member of “Most spirited Team winner” in Q4 2015-16. 

 Awarded as a “Most Valuable Player” in Q4 2016-2017. 

 



4 

 

 
 
I, Nitin Kumar Sehalot, do hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. 

 

Education  Bachelor of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering from Solapur 

University, India. Passed with Distinction in 2014 having an aggregate of 

67.78%.   

 Passed H.S.C in 2009 from Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education with 

75.08%. 

 Passed S.S.C in 2007 from Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education with 

75.33 %. 

Seminars  Name                             :           Nitin Kumar Sehalot 
 Father’s Name             :           Mr. Ashok Kumar Sehalot 
 Mother’s Name           :           Mrs. Sunita Sehalot 
 Date of Birth                :           11th/Jun/1992 
 Nationality              :            Indian 
 Marital Status             :            Unmarried 
 Languages Known      :            English, Hindi, Marwari 
 Permanent Address   :            63, Mahaveer Colony, Pratapgarh (Raj.)          

  


