














































Curriculum Vitae

POONAM KUMARI

	Contact Info


Address                     :  #33,1st floor, 5th cross, kullappa colony,

                                      Hal post, Murgesh Palaya, Bangalore-17

Mobile No 
          :    9739153880

Email id 
          :    singhpunu@gmail.com

Strengths

Hardworking, Honest, Dedicated, Co-Operative, Keen learner, Self-motivated.

Objective

I want to be a part of an organization that provides me with opportunities to utilize my existing skills by putting abilities, strengths in practical environment and acquire new related skills to stay relevant in industry, to adding the value to the organization and myself.

Educational Qualifications

	COURSE
	Name Of Board/ University
	Percentage
	Year

	   Xth Std
	Central Board of Secondary Education    (Std X)
	47.6
	2002

	   XIIth Std
	Central Board of Secondary Education
(Std  XII)
	77.8
	2004

	 B.A(PSEco)
	BANGALORE UNIVERSITY(Christ college)
	         62
	2004-07

	 PGDBA
	BANGALORE UNIVERSITY(Mount Carmel college)
	         63
	2007-08


 Key Skills
· Basic Computer Knowledge

· MS-office

  Project Undertaken
· “Study of an organization under the field of Psychology” under the course Industrial Psychology during fifth semester. (Duration- one month)

               Description: This project mainly deals with study of an organization on the basis   of some points like- Organizational Hierarchy, Policies, Recruitment Process of that organization as well as understanding of various departments was also involved. Organization named, LSI Logic India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore, was chosen and all the relevant information of the company was reported. 
· “ Study  of  effectiveness of training with special reference to BAeHAL Software limited”  under the course PGDBA  during second semester.(Duration- 6 month)

              Description: This project mainly deals with study of effectiveness of the training, various    dimension of training like interest, comfort ness, adaptability etc among the employees of BAeHAL.
 Work Experience
· I had worked in “Venus Consulting Services” as HR-Executive. From September 2008 to March 2009.

· Presently working with “Infosys Ltd.” as Senior Process Executive for U.S. Based Insurance company from Past 2 year.

Training Attended:

• Communication & presentation Skills

• Managerial Effectiveness

• Client Orientation

• Team Effectiveness

• T100 – Insurance

Hobbies and Interests
Listening Music, playing football and volleyball.

Declaration

I, hereby declare that the information given above is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge.

DATE:                                                                       

PLACE: Bangalore                                        
                     POONAM KUMARI 

