












































Microsoft Word - Cherukuri Pavan_CV


PAVAN CHERUKURI 

Mobile: 8121132333 

Email: pavanpharma.d@gmail.com 

Career Objective: 

To play a key role in an organization which enables me to exhibit my skills, for development and 
delivering scientific medical content with good quality standards, meeting time lines and giving 
opportunity to acquire greater Knowledge and reach its zenith. 

Professional Experience: 

Working as a Drug safety specialist at Parexel International, Hyderabad from Nov – 2016 to till date. 

Roles:  Currently working as Quality Reviewer. 

• As a Quality controller (QC): Cases were revised and checked completely after case processing based 
on the client conventions and sent to the next level for submission to client. 

• As a Case Processor and Triager: Case intake, duplicate check and registration, responsible for 
data entry of individual case safety reports into the safety database. Review and evaluate AE case 
information to determine required action by following internal policies and procedures. 

 As a MedDRA Coder: Responsible for coding all medicalhistory, events, 
drugs/procedures/indications and laboratory tests according to the appropriate dictionary (For 
e.g. MedDRA, Company Product Dictionary, WHO-DD). Following up with sites regarding 
outstanding queries and follow up on reconciliation discrepancies.  

 Client submissions and regulatory notifications of safety reports. 

 Meeting the timelines and supporting global regulatory submissions. 

Responsibilities: 

• Performing the duplicate search in Argus Safety Database. 
• Receiving the cases in Argus work flow with source documents. Attaching the source document and create 
a case or create a version for the existing case based on the seriousness and additional information 
(follow-up). 
• Selection and coding of event terms. 
• Writing a detailed medically oriented description of the events in the form of safety narrative. 
• Evaluate the medical coding of adverse events, lab data, death details, medical history, past drug 
history, indications, concomitant medication and diagnostics using MedDRA and WHO-DD, against source 
documents. 
• Identifying clinically relevant missing information and initiate follow-ups for the collection of new and 
clinically significant data as well as for medical confirmations as required. 

Additional Responsibilities: 

• Looking after the regular workflow and checking the compliance data of the team. 
• Mentoring less experienced/new staff members. 
• Cases allocation and Late case analysis: Allocating cases (serious and non-serious) daily according to 
priority bases and evaluating the late cases. 
• Types of cases handled: Clinical trial, Post box and Adjudication cases. 



Previous work Experience: 

Worked as a Drug safety associate II at Quintiles, Bangalore from March 2015 - August 2016. 

Education Qualification: 

Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D)                                                         2015 (70%) 
Rajiv Gandhi health university, Bangalore, Karnataka,India. 

Bachelor’s degree in Pharmacy                                        2011 (65%) 
JNTU, Kodad, Andhra Pradesh, India. 

Intermediate 
Sri saisiddhartha junior college                                                                                                        2007 (73%) 

Technical Skills: 

Pharmacovigilance databases                      : Oracle Argus Safety Database, Arisg and VCAS 
Electronic data capture (EDC) databases   : Inform, RAVE and MyTrials  
Dictionary                                                        : MedDRA & WHO Drug. 

Strengths: 

 Good competence with medical and therapeutic terminology. 

 Good communication skills and interpersonal skills required to interact with clients, management, and 
peers effectively. 

 Able to work effectively as part of a team. 

 Commitment and integrity towards achieving goals and disciplined. 

 Confidence to face new challenges. 

Trainings undergone: 

 Argus safety database, ARISg and VCAS safety database. 

 Training on MedDra (Medical dictionary for regulatory activites). 

 CIOMS genaration on adverse event reports. 

Personal Details: 

 Name:                       Cherukuri Pavan 

 Father name :          Ch. Nageswara Rao 

 Date of Birth:           28-04-1990 

 Address:                    D.NO: 7-1-277/346, SR nagar, Hyderabad. 500038.  

 Phone no:                 8121132333 
 E-mail ID:                  pavanpharma.d@gmail.com

DECLARATION: 

I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated here in above are true, correct 
and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Place: Hyderabad                                                                                                                       Pavan Cherukuri 
Date: 16-Jan-2019 


