













































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

P.SUDHAKAR RAO                      




Email: sudhakarrao4@gmail.com










Phone: 9030464084
CAREER OBJECTIVE:

To seek and serve a challenging career in your organization where my knowledge could be cherished and enriched.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

· Bachelor of commerce from New Science Degree College , ameerpet Hyderabad.
· Higher secondary from M.G.R Adarsh public Matriculation Higher Secondary School,Chennai:50.
· S.S.C from M.G.R Adarsh public Matriculation Higher Secondary School Chennai:50.
COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE:

Additional course

:
Higher diploma in software engineering from 







Aptech Compter Education.

Operating system

:
win 9x , win xp.

Packages



:
ms office , tally.

Programming languages

:
c , v.b.

Web technologies

:
html , xml.

Design tools


:
photoshop , coreldraw.

KEY SKILLS:

               ITIL, incident/problem/SLA management, team management, Mainframe basics.
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:
Currently working as a Subject Matter Expert for Service desk from Oct 2008 and with IBM since April 2007. 
A pilot process which was moved from three different global locations to one centralized location in Hyderabad.
Primary Responsibility: 

· Joined as Sr. Associate and role changed to shift in-charge within 6 months of process going live.

· Promoted as shift in-charge, responsible for creation and timely follow up & perform escalation to next level on application issues and all global priority issues by performing business impact assessment.
· Responsible for updating Global user community with regards to ongoing global issues with latest updates as available and ETA if any for issue to be resolved.
· Responsible for handling Supervisory and escalation calls.

· Responsible for all the SLA and KPI for the process.

· Managing a Team of 23 members.

· On weekends as shift in-charge we should be part of Change Window and checking availability of applications after second level is done with implementing a change on applications.
· Responsible for training new joinees for service desk and for user administration desk. 
· Handling calls with the IBM management and also client meeting calls.

· Played key roles in Incident and Change Management processes to ensure objectives for availability of services are met.
Worked with Knoah solutions pvt ltd for 18 months as a Technical support Officer till April 3rd 2007.
Job Profile: 
18 months of experience as TSA, the job included interaction with United States customers regarding technical queries which required online and field work on the clients’ base in getting connected to internet. The job included meeting the target on time.

· Responsible for handling technical issues related to the DSL internet connectivity.

· Troubleshooting involves, problem identification, checking the TCP/IP settings, connections to modems.

· Installation of Modems and routers.

· Meeting on SLA’s consistently on Call SLA, CSAT.

· Has been the best performer on CSAT and within 6 months has been moved to vendor relations team.

· Where we have to liase with US telecom providers to get the issues fixed for the end users.

Worked with Argee associates pvt ltd chennai for 6 months as a process associate.
Job Profile: 
With Argee associates was working for there most prestigious client TCS BPO (chennai) for a banking process  where we were responsible for checking the overdraft limit for small business account customers and uploading customer details in banking system to generate new account numbers for its customers.
PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name 



:
P.SUDHAKAR RAO.

Father’s name


:
P.BHASKAR RAO.
Date of birth


:
27 th aug 1982.

Religion



: 
hindu.

Marital status 


:
Married.
Languages known


:
Hindi, English,Telugu & tamil.

Address



:
79/a, m.l.r colony balapur x roads 







Meerpet , saroor nagar mandal,rr dist.

PLACE :


DATE
:








(sudhakar)

