















































Yash Pathak 
 

Phone: +91 9427580025 
 

Email: pathakyash93@gmail.com 

 

 

Objective 

 

To contribute to the growth of the organization with Sincerely, Honesty and Enhanced my 

Skills, Strength in conjunction in with organization objective. 

 

 

Professional Summary 

 

 Experience in Core Java, Servlet, JSP, Spring, JDBC, Hibernate. 

 Experience in implementing Hibernate ORM tool. 

 Knowledge of Eclipse and Net beans tool for the development of Java projects. 

 Cohesive team worker, having strong analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills.  

 

 

Experience 

 
 

 Working as a Junior Java Developer at Nxpert Solution, Rajkot from 4thjuly , 2016 to till date.  

 Worked as a java intern In Nupeak It Solution LLP,Ahmedabad form 1st Nov to 30th Dec, 2015.



 

Technical Skills 

 

Languages/Technologies JAVA, J2EE, Spring, Swing, Java script 

Web/Application Server Tomcat 

Operating Systems Windows Family 

Databases Oracle, MySQL 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:pathakyash93@gmail.com


 

Project Work 
 

Project  BZComposer 

Team Size 2 

Role Developer 

ProgrammingLanguage Core Java, Swing 

Other tools Jasper Report 

Project Detail This is Desktop Base application. 

 

 BzComposer has been created to assist you in your bookkeeping 

and accounting needs so that you may manage your business more 

easily and productively. 

 

 Invoice - Keep track of how many items you have sold  in  

One transaction. 

 

 Purchase Order - See how many products you bought from 
individual vendors.  

 
 Sales Report - Glimpse at your current sales. Product - Look at 

your current inventory.  
 
 Customer and Vendor - Save Shipping and billing information 

 

Project  Business Extarctor 

Team Size 1 

Role Developer 

Programming 

Language 

Java, Jsoup , Hibernate, Swing 

Project Detail  This is a Desktop Base application to Extract the Data from html 

page and Save data in a mysql Database by using the Hibernate, 

jsoup. 

 

Project  Homecare 

Team Size 2 

Role Developer 

Programming 

Language 

Spring, Spring Boot, Spring Data 

Project Detail  Homecare is application for hospital domain. Spring cloud eureka 

microsevice is use for this. There are module like patient billing, 

caregiver, agency, patient are sperated microsevice which 

communicate with each other by Feign Clients.. 

 

 



Project  Professional Document  Management System (PDMS) 

Team Size 2 

Role Developer 

Programming 

Language 

Spring, Spring security , Hibernate, JSTL, JSP, Java script, Ajax, 

Tomcat,  bootstrap Theme ,Mysql 

Project Detail  Application was Built for Document management system which was 

built in with spring and spring security .In application there are three 

role super admin, admin, and employee. And each screen view base 

on role. 

 Application is work as saas. super admin will  provide portal to 

professional  person base on subscription. 

 

 Super admin is create the admin to base on subscription and 

provide the credential to admin. 
 
 Admin used this credential to login as a admin. Admin will 

create its professional firm in this they add employee and 

manage its client. Admin will create employee base on role 

save/edit/delete and each role is customize by screen base. 

 

 Employee have dashboard view base on role. Employee add 
client, view document, verified document, submit document 

to authorized  other employee and submit verification for 

admin. 

 

 

 

 

Educational Qualifications 

 

Degree Board / University Percentage 

BE Bhavnagar University 6.9 CGPA 

HSC G.S.H.E.B 63% 

SSC G.S.H.E.B 71.23% 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 



 

Personal Details 

 

Date of Birth :  13
th December 1993, 

Gender :  Male 

Languages known :  English, Hindi & Gujarati 

Nationality :  Indian 

 

 

 

 

 

Declaration 

 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above are true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

                   I hope my qualification and experience will be match with your requirement. I will wait for 

your valuable reply for giving me the opportunity to attend the interview for growing your esteem 

organization. 

 

 

 

 

    Best Regards, 

(Yash D. Pathak)     Date :    /    / 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


