

















































SATHISH


SATHISHKUMAR S	5/9, Somu St, 2nd Lane 
Email: kumarsathis33@gmail.com	Royapuram 
Phone: 9677299703	Chennai-600 013. 



	Career Objective



To be associated with a progressive organization which can provide me with a dynamic work sphere to extract my inherent skills as a Professional, use and develop my aptitude to further the organization’s objectives and also attain my career targets in the progress.



	Work Experience



	Company
	:
	SPi Technologies Ind. Pvt. Ltd., Chennai.

	Designation
	:
	Senior Executive

	Experience
	:
	6.8 (3 Years in Quality Control)

	Period
	:
	March 2012 to November 2018.




	Job Profile



· Convert the raw files(word, excel, pdf) to the desired format for various eLearning tools.
· Interactive educational tools (stand-alone as well as integrated tools).
· Quality control of the content to suit the requirement of the authoring environment.

Roles & Responsibilities:

· Analyze and convert the raw files into the acceptable format for the web tool. 
· Production, Quality control with different kinds of eLearning Projects.
· Customer Feedback analyzing and preparing correction report.
· Quality check on all content production completed by my team members.
· Have been involved in final QA of the content.
· Produce quality work under extreme time pressure and deadlines.

Key strengths include:
· Quality control for higher educational assessment systems (Both Online and Offline for                                         the subjects like Finance, Accounting, Economics, Statistics, HSSL, SEM, Career, Biology and Operation research).
· Testing the performance of assessment systems.
· Mentoring, Quality assurance and smart solution finding capabilities.





	Projects Summery



PROJECT TITLE – ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (BOTH ONLINE & OFFLINE)

CLIENT		:   McGraw-Hill (USA & UK)
TOOL		:   Ez-test online, Epsilon.
ROLE		:   Content Developing, Designing, Quality Assurance
DESCRIPTION	:   This system converts the book material of finance and accounts to online and offline assessment materials as test banks, quizzes and instructor guide books. It also caters static and algorithmic versions of the questions.


CLIENT		:   McGraw-Hill (Janus)
TOOL		:   JIRA online, Ez-test, Video & Audio OGG Converter, Epsilon.
ROLE		:   Fixing errors, Quality Assurance 
DESCRIPTION	:   Fixing the defects mentioned in the JIRA platform which has been already checked by client end. If we can replicate the issue then we have supposed to fix it or else we need to raise a query through the same JIRA Platform.

CLIENT		:   McGraw-Hill (USA & UK)
TOOL		:   Ez-test online, Epsilon.
ROLE		:   Content Developing, Designing, Quality Assurance
DESCRIPTION	:   This system converts the book material of finance and accounts to online and offline assessment materials as test banks, quizzes and instructor guide books. It also caters static and algorithmic versions of the questions.

CLIENT		:   Education.com
TOOL		:   Learnosity online, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Acrobat
ROLE		:   Quality checks the team member’s files and sends the QC feedback to them.
DESCRIPTION	:   Converting static PDF files into digital accessible content using the online tool Learnosity.



	Education Qualification



	Course
	Board
	Institution
	Year of Passing
	Aggregate(%)

	B.C.A
	UNIVERSITY OF
MADRAS
	Patrician college of Arts and
Science, Chennai-20.
	Apr-2011
	              70   

	H.S.C
	STATE BOARD
	Govt, HS, School, Olakkur,
Villupuram District.
	Mar-2008
	73








	Technical Skills



Operating System	   :	  Windows Family
Programming Languages	   :	  C, C++, Java 
Markup Language	   :	  HTML5 (Basics)
Packages	   :	  Visual Basic, MS-Office 
Database	   :	  Oracle, SQL Server 2012
Graphic software used              :      Adobe Photoshop (CS6)
                




	 Personal Profile



Date of Birth	:	07.06.1990
Gender	:	Male
Father’s name	:	Sekar A
Marital Status	:	Single
Address	:	5/9 Somu St, 2nd Lane, Royapuram, Chennai-13.
Languages known                       : 	English, Tamil.
Hobbies		                        :  	Interest to play Cricket, to Read magazines & to brows internet.


Declaration:
            I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.




Date:
Place: Chennai 
					(SATHIS KUMAR.S)           
