















































SATTWIK GUPTA

SAYAN PAL
Mobile: 09748011222 ~ E-Mail: sayanpal1984@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
To be a successful manager and take effective decisions for my company’s growth, sustainability and profitability in terms of revenue, goodwill and ethical standards. 

MY PROFILE
Highly competitive, self starter, disciplined and goal oriented professional. Exposure in managing operations with key focus on sales & business development of insurance products. Adept in driving business growth through identification & penetration of new market segments for attainment of targets with a view to optimize revenue. Knowledge of business process analysis; providing appropriate solutions for enhancing functional efficiency of the organisation and achieving business excellence. Demonstrated excellence in identifying and developing key & institutional clients for business excellence and accomplishment of targets. Masters in Business Administration (Marketing) from ICFAI Business School, Kolkata in 2007. Possess motivational management style with a record of building an efficient sales team and distribution network.

CAREER FEATURES

Since July’07 with Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Co. Ltd.
Branch Manager
KEY  DELIVERABLES
· Branch Management & Profit Centre Operations: Monitoring the overall branch operations, policy administration and initial underwriting to ensure maximized growth and profitability. Overseeing profit centre operations and accountable for increasing profitability and achieving business objectives within budgeted parameters. Coordinating budgets, forecasts and reports & accordingly effectuating business plans to attain maximum sales.

· Sales & Marketing: Handling the marketing and sales operations for achieving increased growth & profitability with total strength of 10 Sales Managers. Identifying new streams for revenue growth & developing plans to build consumer preference. Using sales forecasting to ensure the sale & profitability of products; analysing business developments & monitoring market trends.

· Business Development: Identifying prospective clients, generating business from new accounts & developing them to achieve consistent profitability. Initiating contact with potential customers for developing leads, sales & cross selling insurance products. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with major clientele, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by achieving performance parameters delivery & quality norms. Organising various promotional activities for business expansion.

· Channel Management: Identifying and networking with financially strong and reliable agents/dealers/ distributors resulting in deeper market penetration and improved market share. Developing and appointing new channel partners to expand product reach in the market and coordinating with the partners to assist them to promote the product.

· Customer Relationship Management: Maintaining cordial relations with customers to sustain the profitability of the business. Maximising customer satisfaction level by on time delivery, monitoring customer complaints, providing efficient services.  Handling customer grievances and resolving their issues for customer retention.

· Team Management: Imparting /organising training programs for achieving pre planned business targets. Leading, training & monitoring the performance of team members to ensure efficiency in sales operations and meeting of individual & group targets.
Attainments:
· Performance rating during the period achieved is 115%  in terms of Business procurement, customer retention and persistency. (FY-07-08)

· Created first MDRT in the region (FY-09-10/Production year- 2010)
· Ranked 3rd in the region in terms of New Agency Distributor performance.(FY-09-10)

· Ranked 1st in terms of Customer Retention & persistency (FY-09-10)

CAREER PATH
· Joined Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Co ltd on 2nd July 2007 in HO- Pune as “Management Trainee”- Sales & Marketing.- (Selected On Direct Campus Recruitment from ICFAI Business School, Kolkata)

· Re-located to Kolkata  to look after Sales & Marketing along with Sales Administration for  Kolkata 2 Division – Channel Sales (Agency).

· Promoted as Branch Manager , Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Co. Ltd in Kolkata on 1st July 2008. 
ACADEMIC OVERVIEW

	DEGREE
	YEAR OF PASSING
	INSTITUTION


	UNIVERSITY / BOARD
	MARKS / CGPA
	GRADE / DIVISION

	MBA-Marketing

(2 Years Full Time)
	2007
	ICFAI Business School, Kolkata.
	ICFAI University
	7.47

(CGPA)
	1st

	B.A (Major)
	2005
	Serampore College
	University of Calcutta
	62.62 %
	1st

	10+2
(Science)
	2002
	Serampore College
	W.B.C.H.S.E
	53.9%
	2nd

	10th Std
	2000
	Sri Aurobindo Vidyamandir
	W.B.B.S.E
	72.38%
	1st


IT Skills: Conversant with MS Office, Windows and Internet Applications, SAP(R/3) 
SUMMER INTERNSHIP PROGRAMME
Organisation

   : 
Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance Co. Ltd
Title                              :
Comparative study of 7Ps of Insurance marketing.

Synopsis                       :
A comparative study of the 7 Ps of services marketing in insurance and how it affects the brand building activities of any company. A random research on the importance of the product traits of any insurance company in Indian financial market
BEYOND CURRICULUM

· Facilitated as Core committee member of Student  Activity Forum  ICFAI Business School , Kolkata.

· Represented ICFAI Business School, Kolkata in annual conference on SME organized by CII in Kolkata.

· Member IBSAF- Alumni Federation- ICFAI Community batch.

PERSONAL VITAE

Date of Birth

: 
27th March 1984
Residential Address
:
236 G.T.Road, Baidyabati, Hooghly, Kolkata, West Bengal-712222
Linguistic Abilities
:
English, Hindi & Bengali.
