














































SUSANTA MALLICK 
Phone:  8981482005 / 9804182449 
Email :   susanta.mallick18@gmail.com 

 

Career Objective 
 
A capable, talented and lively Centre Supervisor possessing high 

levels of accuracy, good organisational abilities, and able to 

perform well in a fast paced, demanding environment. Self-

motivated, with an enthusiastic and passionate approach towards 

providing excellent services.  
 

 

Work experience 
  
Centre Supervisor at Ramakrishna Math, Baghbazar from March 

2015  
 

Rules & Responsibilities:   
 Responsible for looking after all administrative matters, 

as well as regularly reporting to Managers on the overall 

performance of the office. 

 Managed successfully all training batches from 2015.
 Coordinating with the trainers & arranging the class 

schedule.
 Counselling & admitting the students in different 

batches.   
 Coordinated & facilitated activities to improve activities 

to improve program implementation.
 Monitored & evaluated program activities towards 

targeted goals. 
 Established & maintained relationship with implementing 

partners (West Bengal Swarojgar Corporation Ltd., 
Society For Self Employment Of Unemployed Youth, West 
Bengal State Council of Technical & Vocational Education 
and Skill Development, Tata Consultancy Services, 
Capgemini) 


 Created & managed time schedules with the 

help of Excel and Microsoft Office skills.


 Build & expanded the database used for tracking 
all training programs as well as the candidates.  

 Prepared monthly, quarterly & annual reports of all the 
training conducted.   

  Arranging and participating in meetings. 
 Contacting potential clients and existing clients. 
 Managing small cash floats. 


 
  

 

Key skills 
 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
 
 Administration  Data input 
 Office duties  Maintaining records 

 Problem solving   

 IT skills   


PERSONAL SKILLS 

 
 Ability to multi task with strong 

attention to detail & Priority.
 Can work well under pressure. 
 Ability to thrive within a fast-paced 

environment.  
 Communication and interpersonal skills.



ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 

 

 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Date of Birth – 18th November’ 1990 

Address: Sarojini Pally, Barasat, Kolkata - 126 

Marital Status – Unmarried 

Language Known : Bengali, English, Hindi 

 

 
   
  

Year of Passing Exam Passed Board/University 

2011 B.com (H) WBSU 

2008 Higher Secondary WBCHSE 

2006 Secondary WBBSE 

Declaration: 
I hereby affirm that the information provided in this document is accurate and true to best of my knowledge. 

 

 

                                                                                                                                                               Signature 



 


