
















































Deepak Singh
Indirapuram, Ghaziabad (UP)

Mobile no:+91 9910086891
E-mail: dadwal.deepak6891@gmail.com


SUMMARY

· Total 4 years of working experience in Level 2 IT Support (Technical Support, Application Support, Operations Support, Issue Analysis & Troubleshooting), Software support, server monitoring, working upon E-discovery.
· Experience on tools and technologies like VMware and VSphere Client, Jira and OTRS CRM, VPN, Active Directory, Viewpoint and Relativity.
· Knowledge on ITIL process.
· Basic knowledge on Unix Shell Command.
· Experience in creation of tickets, server monitoring, manual testing of various software products etc.
· Have good exposure in service monitoring, and analysis of failed jobs. Have strong communication, good interpersonal skills and an amicable team player.
	

Technical Skills
	

	
Database:
	
Oracle 11g

	
Tools:
	
VMware and vSphere Client, SalesForce, JIRA, OTRS, WebEx, Citrix, SQL, Oracle and VPN, Putty, HP Quality Center 9.2, Bugzilla, HR Portal, CRM Helpdesk, Core HR, Employee Self Service, Site Management.

	
	

	Web application:
	HTML (Web Design), SQL, Citrix account creation and deletion, RSA, AD account creation and deletion, password reset, troubleshooting of applications and document investigation.


	Operating System:
	Windows XP, Windows 7, Linux

	
	







ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

	Education
	College/School
	Duration

	Bachelors Of Technology in Computer Science
	Chitkara School of Engineering and Technology, Solan
	2009 - 2013

	Higher Secondary School (In English, Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics)
	K.V Sec-8 R.K.Puram, New Delhi
	2009

	Secondary School
	K.V Sec-8 R.K.Puram, New Delhi
	2006





Current Company: Conduent Legal Compliance services (Formerly Xerox)

 Duration:	From January, 2016 to 1st November, 2017
 Role:		Application Support & Operations Support Professional
 Project:	OmniX Web Application, Relativity and Viewpoint Application

Responsibilities: 

· Installation and Configuration of OmniX Application on Windows and Citrix             and troubleshoot them accordingly using SQL and splunk logs.
· Server monitoring and bring back down HST and DPS machines.
· AD account creation, providing roles to users as per request and troubleshoot AD accounts.
· Working on Putty for running scripts for maintenance the server related tasks.
· Logs Analyzing of HTTP Traffic through Fiddler and Internal tools
· Providing Global Support to Internal and External clients regarding Omnix Web application, relativity and viewpoint.
· Network Troubleshooting
· Application Slowness Investigation through Splunk, Applogs tools.
· Using SQL for generating reports and to troubleshoot the issue.


PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE: Opensum Technologies

Period:		Aug - 2013 to Jan - 2016.
Company:		Opensum Technologies	 
Client:		Leading Automobile Giant
Platform:		Windows XP, Windows 7
Tools:			Peoplesoft 9.1, QC and PS CRM

Description:     Automobile Giant was upgrading its PSFT version from 8.8 to 9.1.
Modules: Enterprise Portal, HR HelpDesk CRM, Employee Data (Workforce admin).

Responsibilities:  

· Gathered functional knowledge of different modules, like: Enterpirse   Portal,HR HelpDesk - CRM, Employee Self Service, Manager Self Service, PS Security, Content management System, Site Management, Collaborative Workspace.
· Absolutely capable of working in a fast paced, dynamic, team-oriented environment with 24x7 support (level 1 and 2).



Personal Details:

Date of Birth:			6th August, 1991
Languages Known:		English, Hindi
Location Preference:	Delhi / NCR 
Marital Status: 		Single
Passport: 			Available


I hereby declare that particulars given herein are true and complete to the best of my
knowledge and belief.

Place: New Delhi							Deepak Singh
	


