














































Madhanagopalan.A.S.V.  





              


6/630 M.K.Stalin St,
                                           
  



Ramanathan nagar extn,

                                                 
 
  

Polichalur, Chennai-600074








Cell: 9176655363
Email: madhanachari@gmail.com
SUMMARY


Bachelor of Computer science Engineering from Anna University, and having knowledge in computer networks and familiar with TCP IP fundamentals, Routing logic, sub-netting and packet structure concept. Possess leadership qualities with strong analytical & problem solving capabilities exhibiting strong communication skills. Disciplined team player with the ability to excel in independent positions and handle multiple tasks.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION


· B.E., Computer Science and Engineering in Sri MuthuKumran Institute of Technology with an aggregate of 66%.
· HSC(State Board) in Sri Ahobila Math Oriental Higher Secondary School with an aggregate of 74.75% .
· X Std (Matriculation) in Sri Sankara Vidyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School with an aggregate of 71.37%.

EXPERIENCE


Company Name: SIFY Technologies (Contractor through Talent Maximas )           
 Duration: From October 2010 to till Date

Designation:  Associate                                                
 Client: ICAI & UIDAI
Job Description:
 My support is to get confirmation from centre for conducting the exam. Also handle candidate queries regarding registration process. Solving technical issues at the exam for exam centers. Coordinating with the technical team in solving the issues. Possess Good experience and sound knowledge with communicating people. My job profile includes taking daily / weekly reports and to send allocation to the respective teams to ensure about the examination. It also includes and demands a frequent communication with the backend/testing team for the fixing of examination issues. Handling inbound calls for providing support is also one of the major functions done my me
PROJECT

A New Scheduling Algorithm For Differentiated Services Networks
Language of implementation     : 
 Java

Operating system
                  :
 windows2000/2003/XP

Database


      :
 MS Access


Project Description:

The objective of project is to support DiffServ traffic in a core router. A stream contains the same-class packets from a given immediate upstream router destined to an output port of the core router. At each output port, streams may be isolated in separate buffers before being scheduled in a frame. The sequence of traffic transmission in a frame starts from higher-priority traffic and goes down to lower-priority traffic. A frame may have a number of small rounds for each class. Each stream within a class can transmit a number of packets in the frame based on its available grant, but only one packet per small round, thus reducing the inter-transmission time from the same stream and achieving a smaller jitter and startup latency. The grant can be adjusted in a way to prevent the starvation of lower priority classes. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS


Languages        
 :
C, C++,JAVA

Office Suite     
 :          MS Office

Operating system   
 :  
Windows 9X/2000/XP

Database

 : 
SQL Server
TECHNICAL TRAINING



· Completed Cisco Certified Network Associate training at Sans Bound solutions Pvt Ltd.

AREAS OF INTEREST


· Cisco Networking

· Software engineering 

KEY ACHIEVEMENTS



· Got First class in Hindi Examination conducted by Dakshin Bharat Hindi Pracha Sabha.

· Awarded first class in Annual English Proficiency test conducted by SITU Council of Educational Research in HSC.
· Got merit certificate in Sanskrit examination conducted by Sanskrit academy in HSC.

PERSONAL DETAILS


	Name
	:
	Madhanagopalan.A.S.V

	Date of birth
	:
	08-01-1988

	Father’s Name
	:
	Mr.A.S.Venkatarangan

	Nationality
	:
	Indian

	Languages Known
	:
	Tamil, English, Hindi ,Sanskrit

	Hobbies
	:
	Reading, Listening to Music, Playing Cricket and Carom 


DECLARATION


I hereby declare that all the details given above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:   Chennai                                                          
                     yours truly,
Date: 

(Madhanagopalan.A.S.V)
