











































Amee Thakkar


Amee Thakkar
507/1 Vastu Nirman Society

Sector 21, Gandhinagar
Mob No. - 9408428810, Email Id- amee1310@gmail.com

Objective: - To put into practice my knowledge of financial management principles and 
interpersonal skill to add value to the organization and grow in the process.

Synopsis: - Management professional with 7 years of experience in the Banking operation,   
Liability sales.

Professional Experience:-
 
Associated with Effective Teleservices Pvt. Ltd as a Quality Analyst from November 2016.

Associated with Sara swat Co-operative Bank from April 2015 to July2016.

 Working as an operations head in the grade of Deputy Manager

 Ensuring KYC Compliance for account opening forms, Submission of MIS Reports  and 
Audit reports, Maintenance of stationery stock, Locker incharge, Cash verification.

 Incharge for follow up for customer queries and quick resolutions thereby.

Associated with Axis Bank Ltd.  From Feb-2009 To Feb 2015 taking care of banking 
operations 

 Worked  as an acting operations head from October '14 to Feb 15 managing a team of 3
people .

 Responsibilities included checking and monitoring General ledger reports, exceptions reports, high

value transactions reports and rectification of irregularities if any observed in the reports.

 Monthly MIS submission to Central Office as per the Bank’s policy

 Generation of sales calls and attending the sales calls with the staff as and when required. Monitoring

of CASA and Cross Sell Targets and leading the Branch to achieve the targets to the fullest extent.

  Worked as an Assistant Manager from July '2010 to Feb 2015 at Gandhinagar Branch and As

an executive from Feb 2009 to July 2010.

 Was responsible for handling retail banking operation at Gandhinagar Branch.

 Servicing the walk in clients in the branch, taking care of their banking need with

operation like cash deposit/transfer cheques/processing of RTGS/NEFT transactions and 

mailto:amee1310@gmail.com


financial service providing i.e. Mutual funds, Life insurance, General Insurance etc.

 Successfully handled entire clearing and salary processing.

 Monitoring AML activities and reporting of suspicious transaction.

 Successfully taking care of bill processing, managing infrastructure resources, off site ATM 
management and liaison with external agencies.

 Handling of Franking desk with corporate customer and regulatory authority to achieve 
maximization of fee revenue.

Achievements:-

 Qualified for “GI HEALTH HABITS” a General Insurance contest in September '13

 Received “Certificate of Appreciation “from Circle Head in Life Insurance in September '14

 Received “Ceritficate of Appreciation “from Circle head in achieving Savings A/c                  
Milestone in June 14

 Received “Certificate of Appreciation “from Regional Head in General Insurance.

Education Qualification:-

 MBA -      2006  Som Lalit Inst. Of Business Management, Ahmedabad.

 B. Com  -      2004  G.H.G. College, Jamnagar

 HSC -      2001  St. Ann's High Sec. School, Jamnagar

 SSC -      1999  St. Ann’s High School, Jamnagar

Extra Curriculum:-

 Project carried on for “Port Infrastructure in India” along with laws and policies governing 
port in India.

Education Achievements:-

 Best all round student in HSC at St. Ann's High School, Jamnagar.

 Won debates at school and college level.
   

Personal Details:-

Date of birth        :  6th July'1983
Maritul status      :  Married
Nationality          :  Indian
Hobbies            :  Travelling



Place: Gandhinagar
Amee Thakkar.


