
















































 
                                                       Resume

BADDA SUSMITHA
Email: susmitha.smiley2@gmail.com
Mobile No :+91-9666322602
Address:Gajuwaka,
Vishakapatnam,
Andhra Pradesh.
	   
 CAREER OBJECTIVE

To work in a challenging and dynamic environment to keep adding value to myself simultaneously contribute to the growth and success of the organization I represent.

 EDUCATION
                                                
	DEGREE
	COLLEGE
	PASSING YEAR
	     PERCENTAGE

	   B.SC Computers
	Chaitanya Women’s Degree College, Visakhapatnam
	2014
	65%

	   Intermediate (10+2)
	NRI Junior College, Visakhapatnam 
	2010
	81%

	    SSC 
	Bhasyam Public School, Vishakapatnam.
	2008
	80%


                        
WORK EXPERENCE

Total Experience - 02 years and 10 months

	Company
	Role
	Experience
	Domain

	Wipro Technologies
	Storage Admin L1
	2.7
	UNIX

	HCL Technologies
	Senior Network Analyst
	0.2
	Networking



TECHNICAL SKILLS

I have been trained in UNIX ADMIN, LINUX ADMIN, IBM AIX ADMIN, Storage and NetBackup. So I can do projects in that streams, being a flexible person I can manage any kind of situation. I have done projects in user and group management, process management, memory management(disk management)



Description: 
Wipro:
I have Worked on various technologies- UNIX, LINUX,IBM-AIX and Netabackup and storage.
· We handle multiple webex and chat sessions with customers.
· We also assist on-site field engineers to fix the issues.
· We handle multiple cases and customers and educate the customers with the technical issues as well.
· We help new engineers learn technical troubleshooting and move forward

HCL:

· Provide hardware / software / network problem diagnosis / resolution via telephone/email/chat for customers end users
· Route problems to internal 2nd and 3rd level IT support staff.
· Coordinate and manage relationships with vendors and support staff that provide hardware / software / network problem resolution.
· Administer and provide User account provisioning.
· Use the Incident Management System to document and manage problems and work requests and their respective resolutions and circumvention's.
· Responds to telephone calls, email, instant messages, and assigned tickets from users; Assign work orders / incidents to appropriate support teams and follow up until closure.
· Respond to, and diagnose, problems through discussions with users, including problem recognition, logs, research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up steps; Provide level 1 remote desktop support and perform other activities based on SOPs
· Perform user account management activities
· Escalate complex problem to appropriate support specialists
· Flexible to work in 24*7 shift

 Responsibility: 
In UNIX Activities - User management, file system management , network management, backup and restore . 
In Linux Activities-User management, file system management , network management, backup and restore .

CERTIFIED SKILL DETAILS

	SKILLS
	DATE

	McAfee Antivirus Endpoint Protection Solution - EPS-L1
	24 AUG 2016

	Unix Admin-L1
	17 AUG 2016

	TIS Service Desk-L1
	17 AUG 2016

	EMC Centera - Hardware Maintenance-L1
	11 AUG 2016




    PERSIONAL INFORMATION
        Date of birth		: 15th October 1993
        Sex				: Female
        Language known		: English, Hindi, Telugu
       Personal strength		: Willing to learn, hardworking, fast learner and adaptability
       
 DECLARATION       
 I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my Knowledge.   


PLACE     :    Bangalore
DATE      :     31/10/2017                             
                                                                                                                                                      (BADDA SUSMITHA)                                                                           

	
