















































Divya Mehta  
  

D2 - 601, Nisarg Nirmiti, Kokane Chowk, Pimple Saudagar, Pune-411027  

Mobile: +91 7000424941 

Email: divyamehta16.7@gmail.com  

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE  

          

       To work in a challenging environment where my knowledge and interpersonal skills have 

equal opportunity to develop and effectively contribute towards the goals of the organization.   

 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

 

o 3 years of experience in Software Industry as a Software Developer.   

o Working with Persistent Systems Pvt. Ltd, Pune as Senior Software Engineer  

from Jan 2017 to till date.  

o Worked with Persistent Systems Pvt. Ltd, Pune as Software Engineer  

from Nov 2014 to Dec 2016. 

o Hands on experience of Core Java, HTML, CSS, REST API and Apigee.  
 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION  

  

o BE – Computer Science (2014)  
RGPV University.  

   

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS  

    

Programming Languages : Core Java, REST API, Basic Python, C++. 

Framework   : Hadoop. 

Web Technologies            : HTML, CSS.  
Scripting languages          : JavaScript, JQuery 

 IDE                         : Eclipse Mars.  
Operating System             : Windows Platform.  
Database                           : My-SQL.  
 Code Base    : GitHub.  
Platforms                           : Apigee, GenWi 
Tools                                 : Eclipse and JMeter.   

Methodology   : Agile  
 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:divyamehta16.7@gmail.com


ACHIEVEMENTS  

 

o Received a “You made a difference” award for the API development while working on  

Hackensack Project.  

 

EXPERIENCE DETAILS  

  

Project #1: Hackensack API Management  
  

 Client Name     : Hackensack 
 Company Name   : Persistent Systems Pvt. Ltd, Pune.  
Duration                  : Aug 2015 – Till date  
Technologies           : REST API.  
 Team size               : 10 
 Role      : Developer  
 

 

The aim of this project is digital transformation of Patient records to enable transfer of Patient Health 

Records (PHR) to consented Practitioner(s). It exposes EMR data at Hackensack UMC to registered 

physicians outside Hackensack UMC. The transfer of records should conform to HL7 standards. HL7 

implementation standards define Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR), which is a strict 

reference for APIs being exposed for transfer of PHR.  

API Management using Apigee Edge 

Apigee Edge provides secure access to services with a well-defined API that is consistent across all 

services, regardless of service implementation. A consistent API: 

• Makes it easy for app developers to consume your services. 

• Enables you to change the backend service implementation without affecting the public API. 

• Enables you to take advantage of the analytics, monetization, developer portal, and other 

features built into Edge. 

 

Role and Responsibilities  
  

• Working as an API developer.  
• Developing APIs using REST.  
• Currently working on API development and API management using Apigee. 
• Unit testing of APIs using JMeter. 

 

 

 

 

Project #2: Hackensack Digital Platform Support  
  

 Client Name     : Hackensack 
 Company Name  : Persistent Systems Pvt Ltd, Pune.  
Duration                  : March 2016 – July 2016  
Technologies          :  HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  

Platform                  : GenWi 



 Team size               : 7 
 Role      : Developer  
 

Hackensack Meridian Health is a website which brings a full spectrum of care and health services across 

New Jersey. The website is created using GenWi tool to facilitate easy data modifications and updates. 
 

 

The GENWI system includes mobile Content Management System (mCMS), a fully cloud-based system 

for content management and app design, distribution, monetization, and analytics. 

mCMS enables you to easily incorporate content into your app from a wide variety of dynamic sources. 

mCMS also enables you to organize articles into categories and sub-categories you define, and update 

categories on the fly without requiring the reader to update their app. 

Rather than creating a static app that you have to update with every content change, mCMS enables 

you to publish once, then have your content delivered and updated to all your devices automatically via 

the mCMS platform. 

 

Role and Responsibilities  
  

• Worked as a web developer.  
• Created dynamic web pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript on GenWi.  

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS   

  
 Name          : Divya Mehta  
 Date of Birth       : 16th July 1992 

Marital Status   : Single.  
Language Known  
  
  

: English, Hindi.  

DECLARATION   
  

I hereby declare that the above information is complete and true to the best of my knowledge 
and is sufficient for your kind consideration.  
  

  

  

  
  Place: Pune                                (Divya Mehta)  

    

 

http://docs.genwi.com/index.php?title=Main_Page#GENWI_mobile_Content_Management_System_.28mCMS.29

