












































	B/3, Ami-Raj Society, S.V Road,

Dahisar [East], Mumbai - 400 068, 

Maharashtra, India
	Mobile No.     :-  9987223244,
9820688082

Email ID        :-  pitchaidavid@rediffmail.com                   



David D. Pitchai
Career Objective :-Pay a vital role by contributing towards Organisation goals in field of Payoll& MIS Functions
Key Skills
· Attention to details with good research and analytical skills

· Highly skillful at compiling, reconciliation, formatting data and reporting 

· Ability to lead, communicate and organizing activities
· Potential to work independently, prioritize projects, and meet deadlines 
Educational Qualifications
· Master of Management Studies InHR– Part Time (Completion Year - 2008) from K. J. Somaiya Institute of Management Studies and Research.

· Master of Commerce– Correspondence (Completion Year – 2002) from University of Mumbai
· Diploma in HR - 1 year coursefrom L. N. Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research.
Technical Qualification - GNIIT 3 Year Software Development course from NIIT Mumbai.
Total Work Experience – 12+ Years
Currently working with J.P. Morgan Services India Private Limited since November 1, 2004
Designation – Senior Analyst,  Department – HR, Function - MIS

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITY FOR MIS PROCESS

1) Adhoc report preparation& deliverable for EMEA / APAC region

2) Preparation Monthly Manpower Variance Report for a particular LOB
3) Monthly Standard Report Deliverables

4) Process Improvement & Automation of Report using Business Object

5) Monthly Dashboard Preparation and Deliverables

6) Business Object testing for new Objects Introduced

7) On yearly basis conducting and presenting a topic on Best Practice
8) Working on HR MIS Project Charter& its documentation
9) Preparing and delivering to business Audit and Regulator report

10) Preparing and sharing weekly team meeting agenda, noting minutes ofmeeting
In January 2017 was selected to complete payroll Business Travel Project testing in SAP System for Singapore & Hong Kong Payroll Process and was awarded a certificate for completing the testing.
ROLES & RESPONSIBILITY FOR PAYROLL & OFFBOARDING PROCESS
People Managing

· Coach &Train New Members

· Set Performance Objective for existing and New Team Member

· Conduct Weekly Team Meeting

· Delegate Work among Members and take status check of the Activity

· Supervise Team Members work
· Provide necessary mentoring / guidance to members to complete the activity
· Evaluate Performance appraisal of Members of team on Quarterly, Half and Yearly basis
Process Managing
· Responsible to inspect and ensure accuracy and completeness of employees payroll

· Figure out errors, omissions and over / under payment during payroll Finalisation
· Monthly Main Pay &Offcyle payroll Processing and Finalizing
· Constantly review existing  processes and look for opportunities to enhance efficiency
· Update SOP
· Facilitate and enhance a strong networking and partnership approach with stakeholders
· Suggest ways and methods for solving of errorsoccurred
· Responsible to inspect and ensure the timely completion of Offboarding functions such as
Providing employee Termination Letter to HR colleagues, Employment Cancellation Request, Annual Leave encashment data, Full & Final settlement processing etc
· Ensuring Tax Filing done for Active, Transfer-out and Terminated employees on Timely basis 
· Attending to Statutory Authority Query / Request
· Handling Escalations, attending monthly call with stakeholders and vendors.
Monthly Activity
1) Manpower Resource Analysis report – For Management’s action with reference to Capacity Planning.

2) Reporting Payroll &Offboarding Logistics handled, Errors Occurred, Errors avoided, Volumes handled, Total Gross Earnings Processed for the month. This is reported through Payroll and Offboarding Process Scorecard.
3) Reporting to Risk Team through Local Regulatory Requirement (LRR) Report all Statutory Payment, Lodgments of Statutory Reports done to Statutory Authority.
4) Providing monthly Termination report to stakeholder for them to know the termination records from beginning of the year till previous month completed, Recovery done / Pending Recovery / Recovery waived off, comparisons of volumes between previous two months
5) Submission of Monthly Termination Report to Benefits Vendor
6) Monthly Review of Accounting Outstanding Payable / Receivable Balance file &reverting with comments a week before attending the monthly Schedule meeting with Accounting Team
7) Ensuring the lodgment of statutory Report and Funding done to Statutory authority as per due date :

For Singapore Location : Reports & Funding for Central Provident Fund, Singapore Private Pension Plan, FICA etc.

For Philippines Location : 
Report the monthly withheld Tax of employees to Bureau of Inland Revenue

Report&remit the Funds to respective Statutory Authority for employeesPhilhealth Contribution, SSS Contribution, HDMF Contribution, SSS Loan, HDMF Loan, FICA etc.
Employees Strength Payroll Volume Handled :
Singapore Location – 1,400 

Philippines Location – 10,000 plus

Quarterly Activity

1) Reviewing CSA(Control Service Agreement) documents and highlighting to Risk Team for any changes to existing process or additional of new activity.

2) Payroll &Offboarding aspectsfilling of Quarterly Ministry of Manpower form and providing it to Singapore Location HR colleagues for themto submit it to MOM Authority
Yearly Activity :
IC – Activity
1) Receive IC Bonus File in Current January mid month, get the necessary validation done on the data, identify employees applicable for CPF, FICA on IC Pay
2) Get System generate IC Pay results reconciled with manual prepare results

3) Communicate to employee on Employer CPF Curve-out from IC
4) For applicable employees Curve-out Location tax i.e Japan, Switzerland and remit it to the respective location Companies DDA account for remittance.  
Year End Activity

1) Getting the Year End Activity(Tax File Submission) Schedule Finalise with Payroll Vendor 
2) Undertaking Employees Personal Data reconciliation / clean-up activity for ensuring the accurate data gets reported to Tax Authority and the same is displayed in Tax form.

3) From received Stock Data, identifying the stock data that needs to be reported in employees tax form

4) Reconciliation of Monthly Payroll Financial Data V/s System Generated YTD Report

5) Reconciliation of Tax Form Data V/s our Manual Prepared Data for each individual employee. For any discrepancy highlighting to Payroll vendor and getting it resolved

6) Communicating Active & Terminated employees of their Income filed with Tax Authority and the source to retrieve their filed Tax form
7) Attending to Employees Query on the Filed Income Details

8) Preparing Year End Lessons Learnt Report.
9) Assisting KPMG in filing tax form for records that they are authorized by Company to file tax form
Other Yearly Activity Undertaken:

1) Getting changed Annual FICA Capping configured in SAP System
2) Getting changed Annual CPF Capping or percentage change configured in SAP System
3) Attending to Yearly PWC and Internal Auditor Data request & Query

4) For subsequent Year Monthly Main Pay and Offcycle Payroll Schedule Finalisation with Payroll Vendor and post preparing and sharing internal payroll schedule cut-off dates with respective Stakeholders
Activity Undertaken and implemented
1) For Philippines Payroll and &Offboarding – Prepared in excel Tax Computation template. This template is utilized to calculate the tax for more than 13,000 employees and the result is compared with System Tax output to ensure 100% accuracy.

2) For Philippines Built 13th & 14th Month Bonus Computation Template to compute the Bonus and compare the results with System output to ensure 100% accuracy.

3) For Hong Kong & Singapore Location explored the possibility of checking the entire tax form by getting the tax form .pdf file contents copied in excel file and organizing each individual employees tax form content in single row of excel file for comparing it with checking file prepared to ensure the 100% accuracy.
4) For Singapore Location built CPF calculation template that has the capabilities to calculate CPF for more than 2,000 records.

5) Prepared Payroll &Offboarding – Objective Set Question Paper for Philippines Location to judge the Knowledge gained by New Hires / New Member of the team.
6) Was Involved in Philippines& Singapore SAP Payroll Transition from MS Model to PS Model
7) Was Involved in Philippines Location Offboarding certain functions transition from Philippines location to India Location.
8) Was sent to Philippines to Streamline Onboarding Process 

Functions Prior to Payroll

1) Conducting End-to-End On-boarding Formalities for New Hires

2) Provided Support functions to Human Resource Department
3) Conduct Induction for New Hires Hired for Mumbai Location
4) MIS

Awards Gained In Current Organisation
1) Spot Award

2) Received Colleagues to Colleagues Award.
3) Awarded by HR Head for Supporting the recruitment team during Walk-In Interview
4) Out of the Blue Award for Computing Philippines location 13th Pay Bonus in couple of hours for 9000 + employees. The payment request was done by Business on urgent basis as this location had faced typhoon in year 2009.
5) Awarded for Helping Hong Payroll Team in checking of Tax form Data 100% through getting the tax form Data in excel file and reconciling the data. This saved man powertime and paper as no tax form was printed for checking.
	Extracurricular activities
	3 Year Air Wing NCC ( National Cadet Corps ) Training in Senior Division From Jai Hind College Mumbai.

	Sports
	Honored with Silver Medal & Certificate for occupying 2nd position in 6 Km. College Marathon run.

Honored with Certificate for Represented College at University level Volley ball
tournament.

	Personal Details
	Date of Birth     - 19th November 1976, Gender  -  Male, Marital Status  -  Married


