












































	ASHISH ARORA

Technology Analyst
	Current Location : Amsterdam, Netherlands.

E-mail(: arora.ashish28@gmail.com
Contact No. (M) : (+31) 649799000


Professional Summary
· He is having 4.6 years of experience with Infosys as a Java/J2EE developer.

· He has worked on multiple Java aligned technologies and has been involved & contributed in converting the requirements into an effective business design.

· A highly motivated individual who is always learning, able to work to tight deadlines and who can communicate effectively with technical peers as well as business users.

· Possesses strong analytical competencies and holds the bottom-line responsibility for each task.
· A systematic, organized, hardworking and diligent team player confident in handling multiple assignments under pressure, meeting tight deadlines and having a zeal to succeed.

	TECHNICAL expertise




	Technology
	Details

	Languages/Frameworks
	Core Java, Spring-MVC, Struts, Enterprise Java Beans, Hibernate, JSP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Hybris, SQL, Pl/SQL. 

	Tools/Servers
	IBM-WebSphere Application server 8.0, RAD 8, Eclipse, Clearcase, SVN, Toad, SQL Developer, Putty, WinSCP, Jira, Service Now, Confluence.

	Databases
	Oracle 11g  and MySQL


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Ahold - Distribution Center Replenishment (Nov 2014 - Present)
This project includes the development and maintenance support of a Web based application, DCR. The application is used for creating Warehouse orders and sending the same to the Suppliers.

Responsibilities:
· Provided full project lifecycle support to client from requirements analysis to design, coding, code review, testing, debugging, implementation and integration ensuring zero bugs in IQA phase.
· Client interactions, requirement analysis and client demos for the releases.
· Deployment of application on WebSphere Application Server.
NTN Bearing Max (Jan 2014 – Nov 2014): 
The project was to create a B2B e-commerce website for NTN. The system enables functionalities like creating an Inquiry, searching a product, real-time stock check and pricing/tax calculation, order placement by distributors of client, creation of new users and restriction rules, importing latest product data, user data, order data into the system.

Responsibilities:
· Main Responsibility was User Management and Inquiry modules, which includes creation of new Users into the system and providing various permission and restrictions. 
· Key activities during this project were Development, Unit testing, Bug fixing, Deployment and application support.
Experian Rental Bureau (Jun2013 – Nov2013)

Experian Rental Bureau deals with the maintenance of records of the Tenants, Guarantors, Rented property etc. and does the ratings on the basis of that. It delivers the details to its clients required for the Address or Personal information given by the client.

Responsibilities: 
· The team developed the system for two new Data sources and integrated it with the existing system containing other data sources. This includes modifications in existing codes and development of new codes. 

· Main responsibility was to deal with the DATA ACCESS LAYER (DAL) to handle the Database and retrieve data. 

· Key activities during this project were Creation of low level design documents while analyzing the existing code, Development of the Data Access Layer for the retrieval of data and Unit testing.

Academic record

	Examination
	Board/University
	Branch/Discipline
	Year of Passing
	Marks (%)

	B.TECH
	PUNJABI UNIVERSITY (Patiala)
	M.E
	2012
	78.8

	Intermediate(12th)
	P.S.E.B. Mohali
	Non-Medical
	2008
	75.7

	Matriculation(10th)
	P.S.E.B. Mohali
	General
	2006
	80.9


Achievements and Certifications


· J2EE: Technical training at Infosys Mysore for 3 months (Fast-track batch. Secured 4.5 pointers out of 5).

· Received Excellence certification and appreciation from client for commendable performance, commitment and dedication.

· Certification in Programming in HTML5 using JavaScript and CSS3.

· Certification in Infosys Certified Java Programmer.

Personal Details

Date of Birth



: Jun 28th, 1989

Nationality



: Indian

Marital Status



: Single

Current Country of Residence

: Netherlands (Visa type – kennismigrant, valid till Oct 2018)

