














































Prashanth Kumar H.M





Email: hmprashanth317@gmail.com
Address: #23, Banasiri Building, 1st Floor,



Phone: +91 9986979220
3rd Cross, Maruthi Nagar,
Chandra Layout 80 feet road,

Bangalore -560072.
Career Objectives: 

Technically skilled and accomplished IT Professional looking for a rewarding and challenging role which includes technologies like HTML/CSS, HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS (Basic) and Responsive Wen Designing where my skills and knowledge will be utilized.
Summary:

1. 9+ years of professional experience as Web/UI developer.

2. A highly resourceful, innovative, and competent UI developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites specifically in HTML and CSS.

3. Excellent team player with positive attitude.

4. Strong presentation and organizational skills.

5. Possess effective command over written and verbal communication skills.

6. Familiar with web development and content management systems.
Areas of Expertise:

1. Web Development / Programming

2. AngularJS knowledge to build the single page application.

3. Extensive knowledge of HTML4/5, CSS2/3, Responsive Web Designing.
Work Experience:

Present Company:  Tech Mahindra Ltd, Bangalore, India. 1st Feb 2016 – till date

Mindtree Limited, Bangalore, India. 20th Jan 2014 – 21st Jan 2016.

Omkar Software Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore, India. 1st Aug 2008 – 10th Jan 2014.

Duties: 

1. Building HTML websites using HTML5, CSS3, RWD, Bootstrap, and AngularJS 4 (Basic). 

2. Testing and validating work produced by writing Karma test cases as part of the development process. 

3. Adding Omniture to the pages developed for analytics.

4. Also, worked on Mobile compatible sites which work across all mobile devices.

5. Planning and conducting cross-browser usability testing against W3C. 

6. Coordinating with team members in developing advanced websites. 
Key skills and Competencies:

1. Ability to multi-task, react quickly to shifting priorities and meet deadlines. 

2. Proactive, confident and with a positive "can-do" attitude. 

3. Able to clearly communicate technical data to non technical colleagues and clients. 

4. Continuously monitoring industry trends, technologies and standards. 

5. Methodical yet creative & having a proven ability for efficient problem solving. 

6. Excellent attention to detail both front and back end. 

7. Solid web development experience using UI standards.

8. Maintain the versions in SVN and merging the files based on client requirement.

9. Experience in GA (Google analytics) Matrix, based on requirement and implement the same.

10. Can quickly learn new technology and become productive within short time.
Achievements:

1. Awarded “EUREKA” for working on the POC’s.

2. Awarded “Hats-Off” for leading 2 Critical projects and delivering within strict deadlines.

3. Awarded “BRAVO” for successful delivery of NCP portal with minimal variation.

Websites/Projects Developed:

Project: BT.COM CONSUMER ONLINE
Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, AngularJS
Description:  The BT TSO (Technology, Service and operations) is responsible for delivering and operating the networks, platforms and IT systems. The web-application that we’ve worked on is the order tracking leg for the core services offered on the BT Retail e-commerce, which includes PSTN, Broadband, BT TV, BT Sport and BT Mobile. Having an Agile project methodology with daily stand ups and end of sprint retrospectives. JIRA has been the project tracking tool where the user stories are broken down every sprint. Extensively use Web services, both RESTful and SOAP based, to consume various backend services.

Under OSCH team, worked for 2 BTR’s (BT Call Protect and BT App Password). BT Call Protect was developed to avoid the Nuisance calls for the BT Users, as this would help the Customers to avoid answering unnecessary calls. For this application I was awarded with BRAVO award for delivering the HTML pages and supporting the team for the enhancements.

Role:  UI Development Lead
Responsibilities:
· Analyzing the requirement, deliver the feasibility by doing POC.
· Development of the HTML pages.
· Writing Karma test cases for the Angular code written.
· Adding Omniture tags for the application. 

· Unit testing in all browsers on desktop, tablet, iPhone4/5, iPad. 

· Participated in day-to-day meeting, scrum meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager.
Education Details:

1. Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science | VTU, Belgaum | 60.70%
2. Pre University | State P.U board, Karnataka | 60.20%
3. S.S.L.C | State Secondary Education Board, Karnataka | 73.60%
 Personal Details:

Father’s Name:
Chikkaveeraiah H. M.

Date of Birth:             
31/07/1984.

Languages known:      
English, Kannada, Hindi and Telugu.

Permanent Address:   
Door # 17, Ward # 5, Gowlerahatti, Near Theosphical  Lodge, Bellary – 583101.

Place: Bengaluru







Prashanth Kumar H M                         

