













































Vasant Vihar NX B/5


 

Nikunj Naresh Suratwala.  

3/137, Shivaji Nagar, Worli, Dr A.B Road, Mumbai-400030.               

E-mail: niks330@gmail.com. 

Contact: 7208660346/9082952371. 

SS uu mm mm aa rr yy ::   --   

 

 An experienced technical professional with over 4 years of IT experience. 

 Experienced in handling system and server issues. 

 Ability to understand systems related issues and provide sound and feasible solution for the same. 

 Willingness to master new techniques and skills. 

TT ee cc hh nn ii cc aa ll   SS kk ii ll ll -- SS ee tt ss ::   --  

 

 Configuring DNS, Apache, Tomcat, Shell Scripting, Samba, FTP Server. 

 Configuring & Monitoring Linux Servers on NAGIOS monitoring tool 

 Managed Proxy server using SQUID for blocking and monitoring website. 

 Information about Postfix, Sendmail, Sunjms, SMTP and LDAP Server. 

 Implemented the NFS Server, for sharing directories in Linux Environment. 

 Knowledge of SAN, NAS, Ethernet bonding, Multipathing and Raid Management. 

 Understanding management tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible and Saltsack. 

 Maintaining Disk space, Partitions and LVM, Quotas and Firewall. 

 Experience on Vcenter, VMotion, VShiled Zones, VShpere, FT, VDR/VDP and Hot Add in VM.  

 Proficient with Installation, Configuration, Administration & Troubleshooting of Linux. 

EE dd uu cc aa tt ii oo nn :: --    

 B.E from R.M.C.E.T. College Mumbai University branch EXTC. 

 HSC from Dr. Antonio Da’Silva Tech College Mumbai University. 

 SSC from I.E.S Modern English School Mumbai University. 

CC ee rr tt ii ff ii cc aa tt ii oo nn ss :: --   

   Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) from RST Forum.  

   Red Hat Certification (RHCE) 2015-12-08 - CERTIFICATE NUMBER – 150-218-683.  

   Red Hat Certification (RHCSA) 2015-12-08 - CERTIFICATE NUMBER – 150-218-683.  

   Pursuing PGDMA (MBA) Degree in the field of IT Project Management from Welingkars.   

   Vmware Training Attari Classes under the guidance of Maqsood Sir.    

PP rr oo ff ee ss ss ii oo nn aa ll   EE xx pp ee rr ii ee nn cc ee :: --   

  Vara United Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai ( From 08
th

 Aug 2016 – Till date ) 

  Designation –  (G2) Linux Administrator. 

  Role – Managing Mailing, SFTP and Proxy Servers.  

  Job Responsibilities : -  

 Deployment of new Virtual Linux and Windows machine using VMware Vsphere and accessing through Vcenter. 

 Hardening on linux VM’s to avoid OS related security threats and vulnerabilities 

 Closure of daily tickets on queries related to Mailing, Proxy, SFTP, SMTP Relay, AD and SMG. 

 Shell Scripting and Batch Programming to automate the functionality of Servers. 

 Monitoring health of all Servers using Nagios Monitoring tool. 

 Managing multiple instances of Postfix, Sendmail and Sunjms Mailing Servers. 

 Tracking customer’s mail logs for claimed payment transaction and OTP. 

 Mounting / Unmounting LUN and NFS partitions on Linux Servers. 

 Maintaining web threats using Bluecoat and Squid Proxy Servers.  

 SFTP file transfer using ssh authentication and using Global SFTP.  

 Backup of all our servers using Symantec Netbackup. 

 Scheduling and maintaining cronjobs. 

mailto:niks330@gmail.com


 

  Soft cell Technologies. Mumbai (From 7
th

 Jul 2015 – 5
th

 Aug 2016) 

  Designation – (L1) Linux Administrator. 

  Role – Managing Antispam, SMG, Mailing, DNS, SFTP and LDAP servers. 

  Job Responsibilities:- 

 Resolution on customers queries using Manage Engine ticketing tool. 

 Operating Cirtrix based Axigen Frontends and Backends mailing servers. 

 Managing mail security servers Antispam Iron port and SMG.  

 Deployment of new Virtual Linux machine using VMware Vsphere. 

 Hardening of linux VM’s to avoid the security threats and vulnerabilities.   

 Adding DNS records for Domains, Web and Mailing.  

 Web hosting through Apache, Tomcat and LAMP. 

 Monitoring the Linux Servers using Operational Manager Manage Engine Tool. 

 Hands on experience on VMware Workstation and Vcenter with the installation of ESX server. 

 Backups using Symantec Netbackup Replicator and maintaining daily backup report.  

 Browsing logs of all the websites hosted with us using the Cloud Flare Report.  

 Various bash shell scripting to create an automotive Linux environment.   

 LDAP server attributes modifications for authentication purpose.  

 Blocking Spam and avoiding mail attack such as ransomware using Symantec Messaging Gateway. 

 

  Cyber Sol Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Mumbai ( From 10
th

 Nov 2014 – 22
nd

 Jul 2015 ) 

  Designation –  IT Support Executive. 

  Role – Managing and monitoring IT devices. 

  Job Responsibilities : - 

 Managing IIS Web Server, Active Directory Server, Fortinet 60C Firewall, Mysql and Squid Proxy Server. 

 Complete Data Center Migration. 

 Installation and Troubleshooting of Mailing Server Post Master QLC. 

 Full, Incremental and Differential file System backup using windows NTBackup tool. 

 Updating IT Inventory as per the modification or changes made in Infra. 

 Troubleshooting daily assigned IT calls and tasks.  

 Coordination with vendors for the purchase of new IT gadgets and follow-up on AMC of existing devices. 

 Supervising Epabx telephonic system, CCTV VR, Network Printers and UPS power supply. 

 Operating GSFTP server used for transferring files with different vendor. 

 

PP ee rr ss oo nn aa ll   DD ee tt aa ii ll ss   :: --   

 Name                  :             Nikunj Naresh Suratwala. 

 Date of Birth : 4
th

 April, 1991 

 Marital Status : Single 

 Nationality :  Indian 

 Languages   :  English, Hindi, Guajarati & Marathi. 

 Hobbies  :              R & D, Net Surfing, Reading, Solving Rubik’s Cube. 

Declaration:-                                                                           

   I hereby declare that all the information stated above is true to best of my knowledge. 

 

 

 

  Date: __/__/___                                                                                      

  Place: Mumbai                                                                                                            Nikunj Suratwala 


