


































Jagadish	Prasad	Panigrahy
Data	Science	And	Big	Data	Analytics

Overall	14	years	 in	Software	 industry	out	of	which	close	 to	5	Years	 in	Data

Science	and	Big	Data	Analytics	using	GCP	,	Python	and	R	in	the	areas	of	Oil

and	 gas	 (Predictive	 Maintenance	 of	 Equipment	 and	 Reservoir

characterization)	and	Retail	(CPG)	.	

Associated	 with	 Schlumberger	 technology	 center,	 Pune	 as	 Senior
Analyst	(Data	Science	and	Analytics)	.

Personal	Info
Address

303	Om	Sai	Diamond	Rajashree	Layout

Munnekollal	Bangalore	560037

Phone

+91-9886372116

E-mail

jagadish.panigrahy@gmail.com

Date	of	birth

18-07-1977

LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jagadish-

panigrahy-36731815/

Skills

CRISP-DM

Regression

Technique

Data	Mining

Techniques

Predictive	Analytics

Optimization

Techniques

Machine	Learning

Text	Mining

Statistical	Analysis

Bayesian	Technique

Big	data	Analytics

Neural	Network

Algorithm	Design

Software

Python

Tableau

Hadoop	(HDFS,

HIVE,	PIG,

SQOOP,SPARK)

TensorFlow

Apr	2017	-
present

Schlumberger	Technology	Center,	Pune
In	House

Schlumberger	 is	 a	 leading	 provider	 of	 technology	 for	 reservoir	 characterization,

drilling,	production,	and	processing	to	the	oil	and	gas	industry.

Some	of	the	major	ares	of	involvement	is	in	the	following	projects	:	

Reservoir	characterization.

Predictive	maintenance	of	the	field	equipment.	

Work	with	developers	and	various	team	and	mat	the	key	SLA	and	mile	stones.•

Understanding	the	requirement	form	the	key	stakeholder.•

Understand	the	different	source	systems	and	ingest	the	data	to	data	lake.•

Prepare	 the	 data	 model	 using	 the	 different	 statistical	 techniques,	 data	 mining	 ,

google	machine	learning	and	BigQuery	Service	and	TensorFlow-Python'.

•

Presenting	to	stake	holders	reporting	using	Tableau	and	BOKEH.•

ANN	,	MANN	used	to	prediction	of	the	Sand	Fraction.•

Used	 the	 correlation	 of	 coefficient	 (CC),root	 mean	 square	 error(RMSE),	 absolute

error	mean(AEM),scatter	index(SI)	used	to	measure	the	performance	of	the	trained

network	.

•

Used	the	regression	techniques	to	predict	the	remaining	self	life	.	•

	Used	Neural	network	and	C5.0	for	classification	problem	.	•

Applied	 Apriori	 	 for	 association	 among	 the	 items	 	 and	 K-means	 for	 solving	 the

clustering	problem.

•

Dec	2013	-
Jan	2017

Accenture	Solutions	Pvt.Ltd
Project	:	Canadian	Retailer	

The	is	project	related	to	retail	analytics:

Forecast	consumer	demand	in	the	weather	sensitive	stores	.

Forecast	product	price	and	product	bundle	.

Bipartite	graph	clustering	techniques	used	similar	banners	based	on	their	sales	and

demographic	.	

•

After	 that,	 hybrid	 forecasting	 phase	 which	 combines	 moving	 average	 model	 and

Bayesian	Belief	Network	algorithm	applied.	

•

Used	 some	 of	 the	 classification	 techniques	 as	 decision	 tree,	 rule	 based

classification	,	back	propagation	,	Bayesian	Belief	network	,	support	vector	machine

and	lazy	learning.

•

Experience

mailto:jagadish.panigrahy@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jagadish-panigrahy-36731815/


R

SPSS

SAS

WEKA

Linear	,	non	linear	and	regression	tree	used	for	regression	analysis.	•

Partitioning	Method	(k-Means,	k-Medoids)	,Hierarchical	Method	(Agglomerative	and

Divisive	 Approach),Density-based	 method	 (DBSCAN)	 and	 Grid-based	 method

(STING)	for	clustering	analysis.		

•

Apriori	algorithm,	FP-Growth	algorithm	for	association.•

Aug	2007	-
Dec	2013

Tech	Mahindra	Ltd.
Some	of	the	major	ares	of		involvement	is	:

Worked	with	 some	of	 the	global	 industry	 leads	 like	Nissan,	Cambridge	university

press,	Philips,	Al	Rostamani,	Invista.	

•

Involved	in	the	competency	/	capability	build	up	and	pr-sales	engagements	.•

Involved	 in	preparing	the	POC	and	proposals	 for	both	 internal	as	well	as	external

customers.

•

Involved	 in	 the	 activities	 like	 understand	 the	 key	 stake	 holder	 requirement	 and

convert	them	in	to	technical	design	and	solution	development.

•

Worked	in	descriptive	analytics	and	business	process	re-engineering	in	the	ares	of

supply	 chain	 and	 sales	 and	 distribution	 	 using	 	 some	 of	 the	 cutting-edge

technologies	 like	 SAP,	 Master	 Data	 Management,	 Data	 governance	 ,	 Data

Migration,	ETL	tools,	SQL	etc.

•

Sep	2004	-
Aug	2007

Hewlett-Packard	India	Software	Pvt.Ltd
Product	development	related	to	component	of	HP	open	view	of	SAP	SPI.•

Development	of	Function	Module	(RFC),	and	Interfaces	related	to	SAP	BASIS,

(various	system	performance	alerts)	using	the	ABAP	and	C	++.

•

Setup	and	Administrate	different	SAP	Servers	using	almost	all	flavor	of	UNIX	and

Linux	and	Windows	Server	with	the	various	data	bases	like	Oracle,	DB2	and	MS

SQL	server.

•

Hands	on	experience	with	oracle	database	administration	utilizing	BR	tools	and

SQL.

•

Bachelor	Of	Engineering	(Computer	Science	And
Engineering)	From		Dr.	Babaseheb	Ambedkar	Marathwada
University	Aurangabad,	Maharastra.

M.Sc.	(Business	Analytics)	From	BITS	Pilani	(Fnl.Sem.)

Published	internal	journal	on	optimizing	the	procurement	process	'An	Deep	Incite	To

Procurement'.

Conducted	the	knowledge	sharing	session	on	google	cloud	machine	learning.

Statistics	with	R	From	Duke	University	

Data	Science	From	Johns	Hopkins	University

Machine	Learning	From	Stanford	University

Finance,Credit	Risk	Analysis	And	Marketing	Models	From	BITS	,	Pilani	

Supply	Chain	From	IIT,Delhi	

Agile

Education

Presentations	and	Whitepapers

Courses


