















































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE

PREMANAND REDDY.Y


                       
E-mail:premanand.hgs@gmail.com                                             Mobile: +91-8095045949
	OBJECTIVE:


To pursue my professional career in organization with a performance oriented environment for achievement of corporate goals and personal advancement.
	PERSONAL SKILLS:


· Can take initiative and can work independently or as part of team. 

· Well organized and easily meets objectives. 

· Good human relationships as well as good managing skills.

	EDUCATIONAL PROFILE:


· B sc(Computers) from S.K.University in April 2006 with 64%
· Intermediate from Board of Intermediate Education in June 2002 with 57%
· S.S.C from Board of Secondary  Education in March 1998 with 62%
KEY SKILLS:

Operating systems
:
Windows 98/2000/XP, Windows 7
Languages

:
Java

Web Technologies       :    
HTML, XML
Databases

:   
Oracle10g
Other


:
MS-Office

	WORK EXPERIENCE:


Having 2.3 years on Healthcare platform and working as Claim Processing Exe at Hinduja Global Solutions, Bangalore.
Hinduja Global Solutions an established name in the ITES sector has coalesced its Technology, Media and Telecom assets to achieve synergy of operations and become India's First Convergence Corporation. Hinduja Global Solutions has emerged as an ITES company that delivers time and cost effective solutions to its vast and diverse clientele all over the world, adding value and simplifying life for its customers.
	  PROFFESIONAL EXPERIENCE:


Working with one of the top most US Health Insurance Company. This includes all types of claims starting from Family practitioner to hospital Inpatient/Emergency claims. The outcome of the whole adjudication process is the final settlement of the claim and remittance to provider.
PROJECT SUMMARY: ACAS ECHS
ECHS [Electronic Correspondence Handling System] team and working under Mainframe platform. Electronic Claim Handling System ECHS is a Technical Desk to various Customers. Electronic Claim Handling System Desk posses Rumba Mainframe application for maintaining and monitoring the database.
TECHNOLOGY:
Rumba Mainframe application. ECHS, OBC, [online applications]
ROLE:               Claim Processing Executive and currently handling Provider queries              through Electronic Correspondence Handling System.
WORKFLOW:

• Handling end-to-end claim billing process.
• Processing of claims for payment under stratified audit to meet SLA 
• Handling disputes as a reconsiderations and appeals. 
• Coordinating benefits with other carriers. 
• Identifying fraud billings and handling through special units. 
• Direct contact with the providers by sending letters. 
• Providing eligibility and benefits availability information's to doctors 
• Resolving the ticket with the appropriate resolution and closing. 
• Maintaining the Financial Accounts and also send mails to the customers.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

• Handling old dated claims and high dollar hospital bills. 
• Sending Clarification mails to the client on new workflow & doubts. 
• Updating team on new errors and rebuttling the errors charged. 
• Worked as a mentor for new batches and Co-coordinating Internal Auditing. 
• Innovate to optimize production and constantly improve Production, Quality and Turnaround time. 
PROJECT SUMMARY: POLO (ACAS Platform) - MEDICAL 
As a Claim Processing Executive responsible for Analyzing, resolving of various issues related to plan issues, Payment Issues, Provider issues the Medical Bills. The primary objective of this project is to examine the submitted bill and ensuring the correct payment 
to the Doctor's. One or more of the following solutions are implemented. 
• Examining the Claim Form. 
• Solving the Errors with appropriate overrides. 
• Ensuring correct payment. 
• Pending claims for additional information. 
• Coordinating benefits if it's already paid by other carrier 
	Training Under gone 
	• E-mail Etiquette and Excel training. 


	CURRICULAM DETAILS:


· Member of cultural committee and Advisory committee

· Participated in National Level Symposium in Adiparasakthi College.                                            
	PERSONAL INFORMATION:


Name


    
:
Y.Premanand Reddy
Father’s Name
    

:
Y.Krishna Reddy
Sex


    
:
Male

Date of Birth

    
:
1st June 1982
Marital Status
    

:
Single

Nationality

    
:
Indian

Languages Known
    
:
English, Telugu & Tamil
Address

    
:
MamillakuntlaPalli (Village)
                                                

O.D.C (Post & Mandal),
Anantapur (Dist) -515561

Andra Pradesh.

	DECLARATION:

          


    I here by declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my Knowledge and belief.                                                                     






(PREMANAND REDDY.Y)

