














































Kumar Utkarsh                                                    Email id: kumar4055.06@bitmesra.ac.in 
  Contact No: +91 9902404323 

 

 

 

 

 Over 62 months of experience in finance and telecom domain  

o 33month of experience in Customer relationship management  (Telecom Industry) 

o 29months of experience in Credit Risk Strategy(Banking & Finance Industry) 

o MBA in Quantitative technique from University of Delhi 

 Experience of various analytical techniques – CHAID Analysis, Segmentation, Credit 

Policy Design, Score Cutoff. 

 Good hands on experience of tools like SAS, SAS E-Miner, Basic SAS Macro, Excel, 

PowerPoint 

 
 
 
 

 

HSBC Data Processing India      (Jun’15 – Present) 

 

Designation: Analyst 

 

Technical Skills: SAS EG, SAS Macro, SAS E-Miner, Excel, PowerPoint 

 

Projects: 

 

 Segmentation (CHAID): Created risk based segmentation for unsecured portfolio to segregate 
customer based on risk profile and business understanding. Segmentation was carried out to give 

differential treatment to customer based on risk associated with them. 

 

 Origination (Approve/Decline)Strategy: Developed new approve/decline strategy for 
HSBC credit card portfolio Market/Bureau data and internal scores for risk based segmentation. 

The strategy had an immediate impact on improvement of approval rate  by 2% and reduction in 

risk by 4%.Strategy design has two parts : - Score cut off and policy rationalization. 

 

 Score cutoff tool : Developed score cutoff tool to decide the score based on the risk appetite of 
the portfolio. It helped business to reduce the time significantly. 

 
 Straight through the process: Customer was relaxed certain verification rules based on their 

risk profile of unsecured portfolio. This helped cards portfolio to save manual effort by 6% of the 

portfolio. 

 

 Profiling customer: Idea for profiling was to help marketing team to come up with acquisition 
to tap low risk profile customer for unsecured portfolio. 

 

Career Summary 

 

 

Work Experience 

 

 



 Credit limit Assignment: Developed simulation based tool which helps to develop limit 
assignment for unsecured portfolio based spend, revolve and loss assumptions. 
 

 Implementation: Supported information technology team to make this strategy live for 
unsecured portfolio. 

 

 

 

 

Infosys Limited        (Aug’10-May’13) 
 

 Designation: Senior Systems Engineer 

 

 Technical Skills: Sql, Siebel CRM, Quality centre, Excel 

 
Projects 

 Complex Products and services: CP&S (Complex Products and Services) and was a 
multistage program designed to deliver significant benefits to client (an 

Australian telecommunications and media company) through technology and process change. The 

program added Quote and Sales Ordering capability to the MAXIM platform for a large number 

of complex products. The changes delivered were focused on reducing the number of manual 

processes and removing the need for re-keying of data across various applications. A number of 

MAXIM enhancement drops and customer migrations happened onto the new platform.  

 

 CPnS Analytics : Analyzed the client requirement and generated the report for the same with 
OBIEE. 

Worked on Dashboard,ibots on Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. 

 
 

 

 

 

Eko financial services ltd  

 Development of Innovative financial product in Payment system. 

 Developed acquisition Model: Designed model for online buying pattern of customer. 
 

 

 

 

 

 Awarded prestigious Delivering the Promise for meeting the strict deadline of the 
project without compromising the quality.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Achievement  

 

 

Live projects  

 

 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecommunications
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_media


 

 

 

 
 Base SAS programmer certified by SAS institute. 
 NISM-Series-I: Currency Derivatives and NISM-Series-VIII: Equity Derivatives 

Certification Examination 
 

 

 

 

 

2013 – 2015    Department of Business Economics, University of Delhi 

  MBA (Econometric and Finance)- 55(CGPA) 

 

2006 - 2010 Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra Ranchi 

  B-Tech, Computer Science- 65.6(CGPA) 

 

2005 - 2003 Delhi Public School, Patna 

12
th

 CBSE - 77.6%  

 

1993 - 2003 Don Bosco Academy, Patna 

  10
th

 ICSE – 80.3% 

 

 

 

 

 
Date of Birth    :  01 March 1987 
Marital Status  :  Single  
Languages        :  English, Hindi 
Hobbies            :  Swimming, playing Squash, Travelling 

 

 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge. 

 

Kumar Utkarsh  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Personal Information 

 

 

Education 

 

 

Certification 

 

 

 


