







































Alok Kumar
	L-504 Vandemataram Homes,
Chenpur GST Road, New Ranip

Ahmedabad, Gujrat.
	alokkumarshastry@yahoo.co.in
	Cell: 91-756786-0940


· Dedicated customer service executive with 7+ years of experience; in inbound contact center for credit cards and banking business. Also had worked for back office business for intranet based business. Consistently achieve record-high customer satisfaction rankings, improvements to the bottom line and turnaround of underperforming operations.

· Respected builder and team player of customer-focused teams; instill a shared, enthusiastic commitment to customer service as a key driver of company goal attainment. Lead by example and ensure the execution of all safety, security, quality and operations policies.

Areas of Expertise

	Customer Service Management

Complaint Handling & Resolution


	Customer Satisfaction Enhancement 

Front-End Supervision

& Data Management
	Teambuilding & Training




Professional Experience

	Vodafone  — Ahmedabad
	04/11 to Present


Customer Service Executive, 27/04 to present

Working in back office operation for UK business in Credit Administration.
· Won “Best Performer Award” for instrumental role in maintaining the quality, with speed ad trust.
· Reduced 25% of work load for one for the process by implementing the process improvement idea, benchmarking a record-setting improvement in staff utilization.
· Mentoring New hires for their successful transition from training to production floor.

· Assisting supervisor in making and maintaining the daily performance data for the team.
	GENPACT — Jaipur
	2/05 to 26/11


Process Developer, 18/07 to 26/11
Previous Positions: Process Associate, 17/05 to 16/07
Handling customer for opening up the credit card accounts. Also handling the customer queries related to their account transactions. 
· Assisting supervisor by doing regular audit for the team to improve better customer experience and satisfaction.
· Maintaining the AHT targets records and publishing it in the team so that every individual meets the target.
· Worked for Banking business as a personal banker for Australian Bank (WESTPAC)

· Worked in F&A domain as a billing analyst. It was a intranet based business YAHOO!!.
Education and Training

	PPK College — Ranchi University
	


Graudated in B. Sc. Comupter Application in 2002 with 68.50%
Training: Completed courses and seminars in customer service, time management, personal development and performance assessment.
Personal Detail

Date of Birth – 04th Oct 1979
Marital Status - Single
