














































Anil Kumar Kommu 
Mobile: +91 9441 262828                  Email: anillucky6@gmail.com 

Page 1 of 4 

   

 

Objectives 
 

To constantly work in a challenging environment on cutting edge technologies and to make major 
contributions towards the organizational and personal growth. 
 

Summary 
 

 Having 6 years of IT experience of in developing web and client server based applications using 
SharePoint and .Net Technologies. 

 Having around 5+ years of experience in SharePoint working with workflows, visual Web Parts, custom 
list forms, customizing master pages, building custom site templates, SharePoint OOTB features and 
both server and client side (SSOM & CSOM) scripting. 

 Good experience in migration projects and its analysis. Have done migration on SharePoint 2007 to 
Azure SharePoint 2013 using Metalogix tool, Lotus notes to Office 365 Migration using Doc Ave tool 
and SharePoint 2013 On-premises to Office 365. 

 Hands on experience on SharePoint Office 365, SharePoint Apps – Provider hosted Apps, MVC, 
PowerShell, Timer Jobs and Implementing WebHooks for SharePoint lists/libraries. 

 Adept in end-to-end development of software products from Requirements Gathering, Analysis, 
Design, Coding, Testing, UAT, Production, Post-production Support, Documentation using agile 
methodologies. 

 Open to explore, learn and understand new business domains and technologies. 
 Good experience in interacting with both technical & non-technical users and business teams in 

capturing the business and functional requirements. 
 Capability in handling multiple projects and lead the team. 
 Good communication & interpersonal skills.  

 

Responsibilities 
 

 Managing requirement gathering, system analysis, finalization of technical/ functional specifications 
and proposing the best technical designs and solutions for the project’s scalability. 

 Providing effort estimates for the requirements for project planning. 
 Clarifying the user/client queries by setting up the frequent calls. 
 Prepare and assign low level tasks to the individuals in the team with timelines. 
 Designing, coding and testing of the applications. 
 Tracking the tasks status from individuals on regular basis. 
 Delivering & implementing the projects as per scheduled milestones. 
 Preparing Weekly status report on the projects and updating to the clients and higher management on 

regular basis. 
 

Skill Set 
 

 Technical 
 

Programming Languages : SharePoint 2010/2013, Office 365, C#.Net, PowerShell 

Client side technologies/Other : Jquery & Css 

Databases : Sql server 2008 

Application/Web servers : IIS 

Configuration Management : TFS 

Migration Tool : DocAve 6(Ave Point) & Content matrix (Metalogix). 
 

 Generic 
 

 Good Team-Player, Organizing & Planning, Leadership and Flexible. 

mailto:anillucky6@gmail.com


Anil Kumar Kommu 
Mobile: +91 9441 262828                  Email: anillucky6@gmail.com 

Page 2 of 4 

   

 

Academic Credentials 
 

Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science Engineering with First class            
Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology (CBIT), Osmania University                (July 2008 – June 2011)  
 

Special Diploma, Computer Engineering with First class              
Government Institute of Electronics, State Board of Technical Education and Training      (July 2004 – December 2007) 
 

Achievements 
 

 Received long service award for completing 5+ years in the organization. 
 Received Achiever of the Quarter award in April 2015 for being an excellent contributor towards QMS 

Enhancements, benefiting the customer and working on changes made in complex workflows, 
delivering the product within timelines that gained customer delight.  

 Received PAT on the BACK award in Feb 2014 for my commitment in the project towards meeting 
timelines client’s expectations and my dedication, technical and communication skills are very much 
appreciated by client. 

 Won SILVER medal for the Badminton runner up conducted by Avance IT Park at IGATE Global 
Solutions Private Limited. 

 Secured a State rank of 47 in ECET (Engineering Common Entrance Test). 
 

Extra Co-Curricular Activities 
 

Volunteer - IGATE Global Solutions Private Limited, Hyderabad, India.           
 

 Volunteer for the ICARE activities which involve distributing the note books to the students of 
government schools and encouraging them in studies and conducting fun activities. 

 

Experience 
 

 Working with Capgemini (erstwhile IGATE) from November 2011 to till date. 
 

Projects Worked: 
 

Project vNext Client Ernst & Young (EY) 

Technologies SharePoint 2013, Office 365 and Metalogix tool 

Role Sr. Developer  
 

Brief description of the project: 
As currently many applications are in SharePoint 2013 on premise, due to its huge maintenance EY 

decided to migrate some of the applications from SharePoint 2013 to Office 365. In this project, only the data is 
migrated from On-premise to online. Most of the functionality is to build using MVC with provided hosted apps. 
 

Modules: Key modules are high & low trust Provider Hosted App, Site Migration, configuring search center and 
implementing Web Hooks on the lists. 
Responsible for: Involved in understanding and gathering requirements, build the Provider Hosted App 
implementing Web hooks and written PowerShell scripts to export site data related to features & contents. 
 

Project Parthenon CKD Client Ernst & Young (EY) 

Technologies SharePoint 2013 and Metalogix tool 

Role Sr. Developer  
 

Brief description of the project: 
 

As the current application SharePoint (“Parthenon CKD”) 2010 version is facing huge performance 
issues, EY decided to migrate Parthenon CKD to SharePoint 2013. In this project, only the data is migrated from 

mailto:anillucky6@gmail.com


Anil Kumar Kommu 
Mobile: +91 9441 262828                  Email: anillucky6@gmail.com 

Page 3 of 4 

   

the old environment to new environment. Entire functionality is to build on MVC with provided hosted apps 
which includes multi-level approval workflows.   
 

Modules: Key modules are high security Provider Hosted App and Site Migration. 
 

Responsible for: Involved in understanding and gathering requirements and developed high security Provider 
hosted app. 
 

Project Project Central Migration Client Black and Veatch (B&V) 

Technologies SharePoint 2007/2013, Project Wise, Documentum and Metalogix tool 

Role Sr. Developer  
  
Brief description of the project: 
 

Black and Veatch is the one of the leading organization in the field of Construction and Engineering projects in 
the world. All the projects related to engineering consultancy and developments are the core of B&V’s 
business. B&V therefore intends to create Project Central as the single go-to site for B&V professionals (and 
going forward, for clients and partners as well) for all project related knowledge management and 
collaboration.   
 

Modules: Key modules are Seven (7) days Drop zone, Project Central, Self-Site Creation workflow and control 
point Reports. 

 

Responsible for:  
 

 Involved in gathering requirement specifications and preparing SRS and Technical design documents. 

 Developed Self Site Creation workflow, Customized master pages, built the custom site templates, 
Migrated the site using Metalogix tool and written the timer job. 

 

Project 
Lotus Notes to O365 
Migration 

Client Genworth Financial  

Technologies SharePoint 2013, O365, Jquery, Doc Ave 

Role Team Lead & Developer  
 

Brief description of the project: 
 

It is a “Domino Lotus Notes to SharePoint Online” Migration project for Genworth specific to 3 applications 
(Secure Access File Environment (SAFE), Deal Room & Conflict of Interest Survey (COI)) which are built on 
Lotus Notes. Data is migrated using DocAve Tool. Genworth would like to Migrate and re-engineer the 3 Lotus 
Notes applications of US Life to O365 (SharePoint Online) for easy maintenance and more scalability of 
applications. 
 

Modules: Content Migration, Building list forms and Creating Designer Workflows. 
 

Responsible for:  
 

 Prepared the SRS and Design documents for the applications. 

 Proposing the best and simplest design to implement to achieve the functionality. 

 Attend meetings with On-site coordinator and gather the requirement or feedback on the day to day 
work done. 

 Assign the tasks in module & application wise to each of the team members and following up to them 
for task completion. 

 Involved in development content migration, building list forms and creating Designer Workflows 

 Monitor the team member’s work in a day for once or twice. 

 Update the status to the On-site coordinator before leaving at EOD. 

 Preparing the weekly status reports on project status and sending it to mangers. 

mailto:anillucky6@gmail.com


Anil Kumar Kommu 
Mobile: +91 9441 262828                  Email: anillucky6@gmail.com 

Page 4 of 4 

   

 

Project QMS Client Black and Veatch (B&V) 

Technologies SharePoint 2010, SSIS and MS SQL Server 2008  

Role Team Lead(From Jan 2015) & Developer  
 

Brief description of the project: 
 

Black and Veatch is the one of the leading organization in the field of Construction and Engineering 
projects in the world. Quality Management System Tool is a defect logging centralized system to perform 
Corrective Action Request (CAR), Preventive Action Request (PAR), Document Change Request (DCR), 
Deviation and Audit functionalities by Black & Veatch Professionals. 

 

Modules: Audit, Corrective Action Request (CAR), Preventive Action Request (PAR), Document Change 
Request (DCR), Deviation and Reports 

 

Responsible for:  
 

 Involved in gathering requirement specifications directly for Client and preparing SRS and design 
documents. 

 Involved in development of Custom Web Parts and complex Workflows designing. 

 Providing/suggesting the best possible solutions. 
 

Project:  CMS Client Black and Veatch(B&V) 

Environment:  C#, Asp.Net and MS SQL Server 2008 

Role:   Developer 
 

Brief description of the project:  
 

The objective of this application is to maintain a centralized system to analyze the Black and Veatch’s 
Revenue, Budget and the Cost. Black and Veatch usually have a huge data related to its Revenue, Budget and 
the Cost that they have receive and spent for the each individual projects under different regions. CMS is the 
most important and very critical application of Black and Veatch.  
 

Modules: Revenue, Budgeting, Costing, Execution and Reports 
 

Responsible for: 
 

 Preparation of Requirement Specifications document. 

 Involved in development of the major and minor Project change requests and support issues. 

 Responsible for query optimizing and performance tuning of huge and complex SQL stored 
procedures. 

 

Personal Details 
 

Date of Birth 28th June 1988 

Residential Address 
7-80/2/98, Plot No.98, Phase I, Venkata Ramana Colony, Dammaiguda, Medchal 

District, Telangana – 500083 
 

Place: Bangalore 

Date:                       Anil Kumar Kommu 

mailto:anillucky6@gmail.com

