



















































	GEETHANJALI K.V
	

	

	Mobile:+918861121001
	Email: kv.geethanjali@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
· A dedicated hard worker with proactiveness& detail oriented attitude with strict sense of integrity.
· 5.5 years of experience in the Accounts Operations (R2R and AP),DXC Technology(HPE)
· Proficient in Team handling,preparing dashboards, flowcharts,procedure documents & presentations.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

	CLASS
	UNIVERSITY
	YEAR OF PASSING
	PERCENTAGE

	MBA
	Sikkim Manipal University
	2015
	58%

	B.COM
	Bangalore University
	2012
	68%

	P.U.C
	BangalorePre-University Board
	2009
	78%

	S.S.L.C
	Karnataka State Board
	2007
	89%



Transition
	
· 15 days workshop programme to Lviv (Ukraine) Office for learning new process.
Work Experience 
	COMPANY
	DURATION
	DESIGNATION

	DXC  Technology (HPE)
	5thDecember 2012-Till date
	Senior Financial Process Associate



Roles & Responsibilities: 
Accounting Operations and Reporting

a. Posting journal entries on monthly basis accruals- expenses and revenues etc.
b. Finding correct WBS Elements for posting entries related to vendor by CN43N (sap T-code)
c. Verifying invoice details billed to client before payment made by WBS element and bank details.
d. Reviewing actuals updated in sap before posting made for advertising expenses and separating Purchase Orders with huge variance.
e. Presentation of Unearned revenue on monthly basis.
f. Presentation of Footnotes on quarterly basis.
g. Presentation of Segment Reporting on yearly basis for domestic and international territories.
h. Searching GL accounts in FS00 (SAP) for inactive GLs invalid for posting.
i. AR reporting based on international territories to show provision for doubtful debts along with net receivables..
j. Vendor related work includes-
· Indexing of invoices.
· Posting of PO, Non PO invoices.
· OTV, Payment order, Freight and affiliate vendors separately.
· Request manager postings.
· Resolving parked and blocked documents
· Handling and resolving quires from the market in GMB.
· FSC-Reversing and rebooking wrongly posted invoices as per market request.
· Rejecting access of invoices which are invalid.
· Raising Credits to match off the invoices in certain scenarios.
· Down payment postings.
k. SPOC and SME for Netherland, Belgium, Switzerland and Romania markets.
l. Performing Test of Controls for posted, parked and blocked documents.
m. Train and manage team comprising Associates, Senior Associates and been back up for Team Leader activities.
n. Ensuring smooth functioning of day–to-day activities.
o. As a senior would give walkthrough of the work to be performed by each staff, assign work and review the completed work.
p. Handled client escalations and resolved process related issues through regular call.
q. Weekly calls with administrator to resolve the open items& queries. 
r. Providing productivity report to Manager and ensure optimal utilization of staff hours.
s. Regular meeting with team members, address the important issues by clarifying, reinforcing and summarizing conversations.
t. Daily reports to Manager about the FSC, Parked and Blocked, DIR, MIR6, Vendiff. 
u. Weekly reports- Open Parked and Blocked documents (Belgium, Netherland, and Swiss).
v. Monthly reports – GRIR (Netherland, Belgium), Auto posting, CAPA, P-card (U.K).
w. Cross trained on Greece, Czech and Slovakia country postings, Payments procedures


TECHNICAL SKILLS
	Work in experience in SAP tool (T Codes- FS00,FBL3N, FBL1N, FBL5N, CN43N, CJ03, F-02).  

	Experienced with Microsoft Excel (V-lookup sumif, sumifs, pivot, concatenate and data validation), Outlook and Power point.



Achievements
a. “New Bee “award for quick learning and flexible for business needs.
b. Awarded “Star Performer” twice and once “Luminary “for the quality and best performance.
c. Came up with 3 kaizens/improvement ideas and 1 yellow belt project.
d. Awarded as Best Team by NBS for Iberia.
e. Appreciated by the customers for quick and quality process.
f. Thrice got appreciation mail from supervisor for ranking top in Sparta productivity.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth		:	3rd June, 1991
	Father’s Name		:	Veeranna K
Marital Status		:	Single
Gender			:	Female
Nationality		:	Indian	
Languages Known	:	English, Kannada and Hindi.

HOBBIES & PASSIONS
· Painting & Pencil sketch. 
· Photography.
· Travelling.
· Playing Badminton.


INITIATIVES & OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS
· Participated in Dance, Fashion show, cultural activities.
· Participated in state level Badminton tournaments and been runner up team in 2006.
· Participated in Cricket, Volleyball, and Badminton tournament in Intercompany level.


DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true & correct to the best of my Knowledge and belief. 

Date: 10/05/2018
Place: Bangalore								(GEETHANJALI K.V)
