















































                                              CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

Kruparao Andra                                                     Email: Kruparao.andra@gmail.com 

                                                                                   Mobile No: (+91)-7337302591 
                 

 
OBJECTIVE: 

 

                 Seeking a challenging and growth-oriented career in increasing technological world 

where in I can apply my analytical skills and can become an asset to the organization by taking 

up early responsibilities. 

 

SUMMARY: 
 

 Having a Professional Experience of 4.9 years in Healthcare Domain, Journal Publishing 

and in Pharma Marketing Field.  
 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

 

Employer  1 : OMICS International Private Limited, Hyderabad, India. 

Designation: Assistant Managing Editor (AME), (27-Feb-2017 to 10-June-2018) 

 
As an Assistant Managing Editor in OMICS, my responsibilities are listed below: 

✓ Participates in an editorial operations team to monitor the manuscripts overall processing as well 

as peer-review process from receiving to their final publication 

✓ Writing and designing abstracts of received articles respectively 

✓ Marinating databases by former researches in the field of clinical cases 

✓ Maintaining regular communication and feedback with scientists, academicians, and professionals 

for maintaining flow of manuscripts, expanding the editorial board and reviewers’ panel for each 

journal 

✓ Developing database of author email ids from proprietary and public databases such PubMed, 

Science Direct, Wiley etc. 

✓ Typesetting/ Editing of the accepted manuscripts including reference checks manually and also 

with software 

✓ Promoting journals in social networking websites such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter for 

increasing the visibility of journals 

 

 

Employer  2 : Cognizant Technology Solutions, Hyderabad, India. 

Designation: Senior Process Executive (SPE), (01-Nov-2014 to 31-Jan-2017) 

           Process Executive – Data, (13-Jul-2013 to 01-Nov-2014) 

 
As a Senior Process Executive, my responsibilities are listed below: 

✓ Handling Team requests and acting as a backup Team Lead. 
✓ Training newly joined associates and ensuring to complete the transition activities. 



✓ Maintaining daily reports and production logs. 

✓ Data validation & cleaning. 

✓ Data formatting as per client need. 

✓ Data sub setting and summarizing as per the report. 

✓ Auditing the work done by the team. 

✓ Keep manager informed about work progress and any issues to avoid surprises at the last 
moment. 

✓ Ensuring that all the team members are working to reach SLA’s. 
✓ Providing the daily updates to the Team Lead and manager. 
✓ Preparing and Sending the EOB reports to Client. 

 

Employer 3  : Franco-India Pharmaceuticals India Pvt Ltd 

Designation: Medical Sales Representative (12-Dec -2012 to 01-Jul-2013) 

 

✓ Achieving the monthly targets 

✓ Meeting the daily call average. 

Computer Skills:  

• Operating Systems: Windows 95/98, Windows XP 

• Software:  MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint 
 

ACHIEVEMENTS: 

✓ Achieved WOW awards (Employee of the Month award) during the tenure at 
CTS. 

✓ Achieved best performance in the Team in OMICS by generating highest 
revenue.  

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

 

Qualification 
Year of 

Passing 

Percentage 

of   Marks 

 

College 

Board / 

University 

 

 

 B. Pharmacy 

 

 

 

2012 

 

 

      65.37 

 

Vignan Pharmacy College, 

Guntur 

 

        JNTU  

      Kakinada. 

 

 

  Intermediate  

 

 

2007 

 

      

       84 

 

Sri Chaitanya Junior College,  

Guntur. 

 

 

Board of 

Intermediate 

Education 

 

  SSC 

 

2005 

 

84.8 

 

Naveena E.M School, Guntur 

 

Board of 

Secondary 

Education 



STRENGTHS: 

 

• Ability to work well both individually and in a team. 

• Patience and Smart Work. 

• Quick learner  

• Flexible, adaptable, proactive and self-motivate 
 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 

Father’s Name       :  Andra Syam 

Occupation                  :   Employee in Zilla Parishad. 

Date of Birth       :      04-04-1989 

Contact Address               :     ANDRA.KRUPARAO 

S/o A.SYAM, 

B: 17,  Z.P.Quarters,      

Nagarampalem,                                                        

Guntur- 522004. 

             

   

             I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 
 

Place:  
Date:                                                                                                          
                                                         
                                                                                                              [ KRUPARAO ANDRA ]         

DECLARATION 
 


