


















































                                                                      Pallavi Gayathri 
                                                            Email: spallavi.g12@gmail.com                                                           
                                                                   Mobile: 9052783595                                                  

Career objective:
To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute my skills as Software Professional, possessing competent Technical Skills.

Professional summary:
· IT Professional offering  2.3 years of  experience in .Net.
· A Quick Learner with, good communication skills.
· Good Interpersonal skills, commitment, result oriented, hard working and zeal to learn new Technologies and undertake challenging tasks.

Employment Details
· Feb’16 – May’17 with Orient  BlackSwan Ltd, Hyderabad 
Designation : Junior Executive(Software Development).
· Feb’15 – Dec’15 with Tata Consultancy Services, Hyderabad 
Desination : Contract Assignee.

Technical Certifications
· Certificate in .Net from NIIT, Hyderabad.

Educational Qualifications:
	    Examination  

	School/college
	Board/
University
	Year of Passing
	 %


	     
  B.Tech(C.S.E)
	Tirumala Engineering College.
	JNTUH
	
  2013
	68.9%

	
 Intermediate(M.P.C)
	Narayana Junior College.
	Board of Intermediate education.
	
  2009
	88.6%

	Secondary education
	Bhavans Sriramakrishna Vidyalaya
	C.B.S.E.
	  2007
	71.8%





Technical Skills
· Programming Languages: C, C++,.Net,Java.
· .Net Skill set: C#,Vb.Net, Asp.Net,Ado.Net..
· Database Servers: Microsoft SQL server 2008.
· Development Tools: Visual Studio.Net 2008 & 2010.

Functional Overview
· Developing, testing and debugging of the applications.
· Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code.
· Providing post-implementation, application maintenance and enhancement support with regard to the software application.
· Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications.
· Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems
· Delivering and implementing the tasks as per schedule.

Project Overview
Project Name : Endicia Shipping Software.
Technology: C#.Net, Asp.Net, Javascript.
Description : Endicia's electronic postage solutions make it more manageable and affordable to ship and mail through the USPS rates. ShipTicket is design to help you and your mailroom coordinator efficiently get your packages to their destination.
Image Processing Tool using OCR is to help customer (endicia) in solving one of the long pending issues of image label comparison, where multiple builds provide diffrent images with pixel and coordinate variation, though used same configuration for printing. This tool collects images from two folders and compare them based on OCR engine (Puma.Net) and shows result.

Roles and responsibilities
· Enhancement of new Features.
· Executing test cases and reporting defects.

Personal Details
Address: C156, Kendriya vihar, sector-56, Gurgaon-122011,Haryana
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Telugu                                                                                                                             
