

















































Bharath Kalakoti
kalakotibharath@gmail.com
            Mob: +91 9949597105
Objective:
Aim to work in a challenging work environment where I can utilize my expertise in resolving the problems in test-plans and advocate my analytical skills towards the growth of the organization.
Experience Summary:
· Having 2+ Years of experience in .NET based Application Development with ASP.NET C#, MVC Framework.
· Having strong knowledge on OOPS.
· Hands on experience in Client side using JavaScript, JQuery, Angular 2.0
· Basic knowledge in writing backend service with Node JS
· Extensively worked with SQL Server.
· Coordinated with all the team members when any Issue arises.
· Quick learner and stronger desire to master in new Technologies.
Work Summary:
· Working as a Jr. Software Engineer for SagarSoft (India) Ltd., Hyderabad from Jan 2016 – Till Date.
Technical skills:
Programming language	              : 	C# Dot Net
Web Technologies		: 	HTML, Asp.Net
Scripting Languages 		: 	JavaScript, JQuery
Databases			: 	MS SQL Server
Frameworks			: 	.Net 4.5
Development Tools		: 	Visual Studio 2015
Source Control		               :	 TFS
Solution			: 	Web application
Data Technologies		: 	ADO.Net, Entity Framework, Linq
Projects:
Project #1
Title     :  Purdue POD and Novo POD
Client   : Precision for value
Role      : Developer
Description:
Pull-through Portal developed by Precision for Medicine is an integrated and interactive web-based application that guides users through campaigns for a selected region and prescriber and uses the information to create marketing material based on user selections.  Purdue and Novo spend amount of money every year marketing drugs trying to get doctors to prescribe their drugs and consumers to buy their drugs than they spend researching and developing new drugs. This marketing is being done manually using excel sheets and so much work/time/money is involved in it to get that done every month with the latest data and calculations.
Responsibilities:
· Responsible for coding in ASP.NET , C#, Jquery
· Responsible for implementing enhancements.
· Resolve technical and design issues and perform independent unit testing 
Environment:  ASP.Net, C# & Visual Studio 2012.
Project #2
Title	: Repository Tool
Client	: Sagarsoft
Role	: Developer
Description:
It is for maintaining all applications in single project like a portal and Showing all template code for local projects to easy for developer to search and implement similar code to their projects. 
Responsibilities:
· Responsible for coding in MVC5.
· Responsible for implementing enhancements.
· Resolve technical and design issues and perform independent unit testing.
· Responsible for writing Stored Procedures in Sql Server.
Environment:  MVC ASP.Net, C# & Visual Studio 2015, MS Sql Server.
Project #3
Title	: Efforts Portal
Client	: Sagarsoft
Role	: Developer
Description:
Efforts Portal is a web based application intended to figure out total billable hours of individual employee for respective Projects. Employees need to enter working hours through this Portal. It became easy to send billable hours to the client. Using this Portal less work/time is involved in it to get that done every month with the calculations.
Responsibilities:
· Responsible for coding in MVC4.
· Responsible for implementing enhancements.
· Resolve technical and design issues and perform independent unit testing.
· Created stored procedures and functions in SQL Server. 
Environment:  ASP.Net, C# & Visual Studio 2015, MS Sql Server.
Achievements: 
· Awarded as Star Employee of the year 2016-2017.
Educational Qualifications:
B.Tech ( CSE )  from JNTUH-CEJ with( 71% ) aggregate (2011 – 2015)  
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information that I have furnished is authentic, and true to the best of my knowledge.					
								Bharath Kalakoti



