












































RESUME
PriyaGeethai V







D/o Vittoba.G

New no 1. Venkatachala Naicken Street,

Triplicane,

Chennai – 600005.




Mobile: 98407 23925
E-mail: priyageethai@hotmail.com

Objective:

To pursue a challenging career in a Global organization that gives me scope to enhance my skills, update knowledge, and broaden my exposure, and to be a Team Player who can lead the team towards better productivity and there by contributing for organizational growth.
Educational profile:

· MCA from Guru Shree Shantivijai Jain College for Women, University of Madras, 2007 – 80.51%
· B.Sc(Computer Science)from Dr.M.G.R – JANAKI College of Arts and Science for Women, University of Madras, 2004 – 70.42%
Technical skills:

· Familiar in configuring mail (Outlook) and user ID managements.
· Knowledge in getting technical support.
Work Experience:

Working for HCL from December 2006 to till date.
· Dec 2006 to Dec 2009 (Retail Process - US): 
Customer Service Executive: Was resolving customer (US) queries and problems (ex: status of an item, cancellation of an order, return of an item, credit for an item which has been returned) on the products they buy from one of the major Retail Store called Office Depot (in the means of  calls, fax & E-Mail)
Senior Customer Service Executive: Was training the new agents, taking supervisor calls and had a direct contact with the clients and the account managers to resolve the escalations. Also monitored the agents and helped in improving their quality on their tasks.

· Dec 2009 to till date (Retail Process - UK):
Senior Customer Service Executive: 

Processing Fax & E-Mail orders received from the customers for the Retail Store – Office Depot.

Contacting the customers and the account managers for queries and order confirmation.

Giving training to the new agents.

Preparing EOD reports and reports needed by client and the management.

Checking Quality for the processed orders and the calls taken by the agents and given feedback.

Taken Client calls to discuss about the Weekly snapshot and the updates.
Achievements in HCL:

· Have received the Best appreciation Calls, E-mails and faxes from the Customers,  A/C managers and also from clients.
· Outstanding Performer in the appraisals.

Personal Information:
Name



:

PriyaGeethai V

Father’s Name


:

Vittoba.G

Date of Birth


:

14.04.1984

Sex



:

Female

Nationality


:

Indian

Language’s known

:

English, Tamil and Telugu.

Alternate E-mail address
:

priyageethai@rediffmail.com
Declaration:
I declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. To blossom were planted and to contribute to an organization that would offer rapid career progression and challenging opportunities in information system development.
Place: Chennai






yours truly

Date:  





        (Priyageethai V)

