
















































Subh CV


Chandrani Ghosh Datta
             Communication Address:  Dipanwita Flat no W2/2


             

                                78 Chetla Road 
                                Kolkata – 700 027,

  Tel:(M) +91 9830877060, (R)  (033) 24798572


Mail: chandrani.datta@axisbank.com , cdutt2099@gmail.com


	Career Path


I have always striven for excellence in whatever I undertake to do . Therefore I aspire to be a part of a work culture that places a premium on quality work . I wish to grow with an organization that is dynamic and constantly changing thus complementing my zeal for continuous learning and development.
To obtain a position where my skill can be utilized to the best of my potential and to accept responsibility and new challenges with enthusiasm and commitment.
	Personal Strengths


· Self-starter.

· Good Logical and Analytical ability.

· Willingness to learn and apply the knowledge to the best of my abilities.

· Excellent written and oral communication skills.

· Ability to work as a Team Leader.
	Current Responsibilities


Working as Senior Manager (Operations) with Axis Bank Ltd and associated with Axis Bank (erstwhile UTI BANK LTD ) since July 2004. 
	Previous Experiences


· Worked as Asset Desk officer with ICICI BANK LTD , Car Loans Division between December 2003 and July 2004
· Worked as Customer Relationship Officer  with Lovelock and Lewes Services Pvt ltd posted at Global Trust Bank Ltd , Chowringhee branch between July 2000- Dec 2003
· Worked with Zodiac Enterprise ,  DSA from Oct 1996-April 2000
	Current Job Profile


Working with Axis Bank Ltd for close to 8 years  has enriched me with the experience of working in the following Branch Banking Departments .
● ATM Nodal Cell ( reconciliation of daily transactions of all the offsite ATMs in and around Kolkata thru the ATMRECO software developed by Ember technologies)

● Teller ( cash deposit and cash receipt including bulk cash/ salary of RITES & UTI)

● CMS Officer ( under the cash management service processing of all LCC and UCC deposit slips, weekly reconciliation )
● Deliverables management ( welcome kits , debit cards , Chequebooks )

● Gold Stock Custodian ( involves indenting, stock transfer , sale transactions and stock maintenance )

● handling customer queries through online tracking system CCRS

● Loan against Deposits , staff loans 

● processing of school fees, college fees , insurance premiums thru EASYPAY software

● cross selling ( CASA , GOLDCOIN, Life Insurance and General Insurance products )
As Senior Manager Operations the profile is as follows :

1. Liabilities & Investment Management Process - Account Opening & Maintenance: 

a. Run the processes for account opening, account maintenance & account closure related formalities as per laid down procedure. Ensure compliance with KYC requirements . adherence to AML guidelines.

b. Handle customers' enquiries and instructions, whilst ensuring that the Bank's delivery standards in achieving total customer satisfaction are met e.g. timely checking of account opening documentation, opening of accounts etc. 

2. Management of Clearing & Teller Functions.

3. Transaction Banking Corporate Client Related Responsibilities: 

a. Ensure that Corporate Clients (especially important & sensitive Corporate Relationships) are given highest levels of service attention.

b. Verify / Authorize on all sensitive transaction related documents as per the bank’s process & delegation matrix to ensure appropriate balance between customer service and applicable regulations.

4. Branch Administration: 

a. Ensure all the counters are opened and staff is ready to service clients at least 15 minutes before the customer timings.

b. Ensure proper scrutiny of all transactional documents submitted by the customer vis-à-vis branch checklist to ensure that all necessary documents are submitted by the customer. 

c. Ensure strong monitoring of all transactions in the branch & maintain accurate / strong MIS for the branch. The same may be needed by the bank for overall management of branch processes & business planning.

d. Ensure frequent monitoring of all over-aged cases (deferrals, pending items, etc.) & appropriate escalation of the same in a timely & balanced manner to the senior management.

5. Service & Quality: 

a. Ensure that all people, process, data & systems in the branch are well attuned to deliver consistent & superior levels of service to all customers. 

b. Ensure that adequate records & data pertaining to customer queries and complaints is maintained & analyzed for achieving greater process efficiency. 

c. Ensure daily / weekly monitoring & analyses of various data points & reports that have bearing on Customer Service & process adherence. 

d. Responsible for monthly “Branch Service Committee” meetings  held on 15th of each month.


6. Audit & Compliance:


a. Effectively Support & Handle Branch Audits by Internal, External, Concurrent, Statutory & RBI auditors. 

b. Responsible for implementation of process, policies as per guidelines & audit rating of the branch. 

c. Ensure comprehensive compliance with all internal, regulatory and statutory requirements as relevant for various product and services from a branch perspective;

d. Attend to any audit findings and resolve them immediately;


7. Sales & Business Development 


 To refer leads & business opportunities to colleagues from Sales & Relationship Teams. 


8. Others: 

a. Maintain highest levels of discipline (punctuality, attendance, grooming standards etc) in the office.

b. Define goals & performance parameters for the team & guide/coach them in achieving the same. Ensure that the team understands the goals of the bank, the branch and also of other colleagues in the branch. 

c. Provide constructive feedback; identify training & development needs of the team & conduct training at frequent intervals to meet the training requirements. 

d. Lead, motivate, coach & develop staff. Conduct cross-functional trainings within & across teams there by creating effective back up with in the team; 

e. Manage Local Vendors /agency relationships to ensure smooth execution of transaction. 

f. Responsible for Branch upkeep & maintenance and control over the cost. 

g. Play an active role in new products, processes, systems roll out. Comply with bank policies and procedures to ensure safety and security of bank's and customer's assets 
	Education


	S.No
	Degree
	University/Board
	Year

	1
	B Sc (Hons)
	Calcutta University
	1996


	2
	Higher Secondary
	West Bengal Higher secondary Council ( Patha Bhavan School)
	1993

	3
	Secondary
	WestBengal Board( Patha Bhavan School)
	1991


	Other Qualifications



· Undergone 1 year training course on Basics of Computer from Computer Point
· Complete knowledge of Banking Software, Finacle.
· Certificate on AML/KYC from IIBF 
	Personal Details


Date of Birth

:
29.11.1974
Languages Known
:
English, Hindi and Bengali.
Reference



On Request



PAGE  

