














































Krutika Pingle           

Contact No: +91-7389514338 

Email: krutikapingle0411@gmail.com 

Career Objective: 

Secure a challenging position in an organization where my technical skills can be utilized while acquiring new skills. 

 

Summary: 

 EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker 

 Working at Syntel pvt ltd for over 2 years under information security as an Information security engineer/

Associate Consultant. 

 Broad knowledge of hardware, software, and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of 

analysis, implementation, and support.   

 Understanding and executing security testing since last 1 year and 11 months using various tools, specializing 

in IBM AppScan, Burp suite 

 Manually Running the Malicious Scripts to check Security Vulnerabilities in the Application. 

 Exposure to Defect tracking tools like IBM RQM 

 Understanding OWASP Top 10 2013 Vulnerabilities. 

 Excellent team player, enthusiastic initiator, and ability to learn the fundamental concepts effectively and effi-

ciently. 

 Ability to work in large and small teams as well independently 

 Understanding of Functional Testing. 

 

Technical Skills: 

Test process: Application security testing 

Programming language:  PL/SQL, C++, JAVA 

Scripting: HTML, XML 

Bug tracking tool: RQM 

Database: Oracle, SQL server. 

Tooling: IBM Rational Appscan, Nessus, Burp Suite, Eclipse, NetBeans, 

 

Certifications: 

EC-Council Certified ethical hacker V9 

 

Professional Experience: 

December 2015 – Present  Associate Consultant, Syntel Pvt LTD., Mumbai 

 

Academic Details: 

B.E. (Information Technology), AITR, Indore  Distinction: 76% (2015) 

HSC, S.D.A.S.V Indore     67% (2011) 

SSC, S.D.A.S.V Indore     64% (2009) 

 

 

mailto:krutikapingle0411@gmail.com


Project: Client Project     Duration: Jun, 2016 – Present     

Role: Team member      Team Size: 4 

Responsibilities:  

 Automation Testing of Web applications using IBM Appscan 

 Reporting and locking vulnerability in IBM RQM 

 Perform validation and verification. Recommend process improvements  

 Designing the macros and Test Cases for Security Testing 

 

Project:  Syntel In House Developed Applications  Duration: Feb, 2016 -June, 2016 

Role: Team Member     Team Size: 4 

Responsibilities:  

 Automation Testing of User Module and Admin Module. 

 Manually exploring the vulnerability using Burp Suite. 

 Perform validation and verification. Recommend process improvements  

 Designing the macros and Test Cases for Security Testing  

 

Project: Information Security (Audit)    Duration: Jan, 2016 

Role: Team Member     Team Size: 2 

Responsibilities:  

 Scheduling of audits and conducting them project wise. 

 Making reports of audits conducted. 

 

Personal Information: 

 Present location : Mumbai 

 Date of Birth : 04th Nov, 1993 

 Language Known  : English, Hindi, Marathi 

 Nationality  : Indian 

 Marital Status : Single 

 

I hereby declare that the information that I have furnished is authentic, and true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Place: Mumbai 

           (Krutika Pingle) 

          


