






















































SANTANU DE

Santanude.g@gmail.com
Phone: +91 9679709089/8926190266


Professional summary
Presently associated with WIPRO under Renovation Automation Services Pvt. Ltd. as L1 Administrator.
· Good understanding of the Customer Handling, Coordinating and Desktop support.
· Adept at analyzing a problem and creating a solution working within the policies of the company and assisting others in solving complicated issues.
· Good team building & knowledge sharing abilities.


Employment History

	Organization
	Duration
	Role/Designation

	WIPRO under Renovation Automation Services Pvt. Ltd.
	1year 6 months
	L1 Administrator.






Skills Summary


· Assembling, Hardware upgradation, troubleshooting.
· OS installation:- Windows XP, Windows 7,Windows 8,Windows8.1, Windows 10,Windows Server 2003
· Windows maintenance, dual booting.
· Disk management, partitions.
· Printer installation and troubleshooting.
· Data card configure and troubleshooting.
· Basic networking
· Able to innovate efficient ways to monitor a large amount of help desk calls.
· Responsible for managing a team of support associates who received call from stores all over the area.
· Assisted in taking calls from corporate users.
· Responsible for gathering all desk logs at the end of the day and generating a reports for management.
· Programming language: C
· Web: HTML













Work Experience






	

	GIS-IMS

	

	Organization
	  WIPRO under Renovation Automation Services Pvt. Ltd

	
	Duration
	 1 year 6 months

	
	Technologies/Platform
	 NA

	
	Description
	  Desktop support, Customer Handling, Coordinating & Report Making.

	
	Role/Designation

	L1 Administrator.

	



	

Responsibilities




	
· Customer Handling, Coordinating and log calls.
· Report Making.
· Desktop support.
· Handling first level escalation.
· On call support for remote user.
· Coordinating and follow-up calls with to achieve SLA.
· Worked as local it person at Customer site 
· 



Projects and Trainings






	1
	Online Examination System

	
	Organization
	 Minor Project

	
	Duration
	6 months

	
	Technologies/Platform
	HTML,CSS,MYSQL,PHP

	
	Description
	The project is about developing an offline/online examination where an admin is in control of the whole system.He can allocate teachers and then assign the subject to them.Whereas the teacher can make questions and select Students eligible to give the test.The students are able to give the test and review their score.

	
	Responsibilities
	· Understand the requirement, Client communication.
· UI Design, testing.













	2
	Online Hostel Application System

	

	Organization
	Major Project

	
	Duration
	6 months

	
	Technologies/Platform
	HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT,JSP, PostgreSQL

	
	Description
	The project "Online Hostel Application System"is a software developed for managing all the activities of hostel admission procedure. This software is specially developed for institutes having hostel facility. The admin can allow or disallow students in the hostel  based on the scenario. The admin can also add, delete & update hostel details from the system. When the course will be completed then all records of the students are automatically deleted from the system.


	
	Responsibilities
	· Understand the requirement, Client communication.
· UI design,Testing, 










P



Academia		



	Qualification
	Board/ University
	College
	Percentage/DGPA

	
Master of  Computer Application (M.C.A)
	
West Bengal University of Technology(WBUT)
	
Heritage Institute of Technology
	
6.84

	
Bachelor of  Computer Application (B.C.A)
	
Vidyasagar  University(VU)
	
PanskuraBanamali College
	
59.14 %

	
Higher Secondary(H.S.)
	
West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary  Education (W.B.C.H.S.E.)
	
Midnapore Collegiate School
	
61.14 %

	
Secondary Examination(M.P.)

	
West Bengal  Board of Secondary
Education(W.B.B.S.E.)
	
Andhari M.B.S. High School
	
65.87%



Personal Information

Father's Name  		: Srimanta Kr. De.
Date of Birth       	: 2nd July,1991.
Address			: Dakshindaria,AndhariMoubhandar,PaschimMedinipur, PIN-721143.
Marital Status   		: Single.
Languages Known    	: English, Hindi and Bengali. 

Declaration

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is factually correct. 


Santanu De

Mobile:+919679709089						         santanude.g@gmail.com
	
