




















































		
	
SHUBHAM SAGAR
(Computer science and engineering)

		Mehboob Khan Tola,
                     Near Niradhi          
                     Convent School,
                     Old bus stand,   
                     Purnea: 854301
                     Mob:9903475248










	CAREER Objective

	
	To associate with a progressive organization that gives me the scope to share my knowledge and skills in accordance with the latest trends and be a part of team that dynamically works towards the growth of organization and gives the satisfaction thereof.

	


	FIEld of interest


	
	Computer Networks.
Multimedia.
Data base management.



	
carrer summery


	
	One year of experience in telecom sector One97 communication private limited (Paytm), Kolkata. Currently working with One97 communication limited.

Have completed one month of internship in 2015 on IVR, OBD, and IBD functionality from One97 Communication Limited (Paytm).

	

personality traits


	

	Remarkable analytical, logical skills.
Always ready to take new challenges and learn new things.
Ability to give the best result in pressure situations .
Strong motivational skills .
Good communication skills in written and verbal both.

	

technical skills


	

	Knowledge about C language.
Knowledge about java programming.
Knowledge about data base management.
Knowledge about how to work on live servers.
Knowledge about Linux server and commands.
Knowledge of SQL.

	projects


	

	Railway Anti –Collision System And Auto Track Changing: Now a days, we see number of accidents occurred in railways. Most of the train accidents
during collision and not identified the opposite trains on the same track at the right time.
When the train met with an accident maximum people lose their lives. To prevent this
problem we identified sensors which will identify obstacle and stop the train.
This system consists of ultrasonic sensors namely ultrasonic wave emitter and ultrasonic
wave receiver. The ultrasonic wave emitter is provided in front portion of the train
producing and emitting ultrasonic waves in a predetermined distance in front of the train.
Ultrasonic wave receiver is also provided in front portion of the train, receiving the reflected
ultrasonic wave signal from the obstacle. The reflected wave (detection pulse) is measured
to get the distance between train and the obstacle. Then microcontroller is used to control
the servo motor based on detection pulse information, and the servo motor in turn
automatically controls the braking of the train.
Thus, this  system were designed to solve the problem where drivers may not be able to
brake manually exactly at the required time, but the train can still stop automatically.

My Role:Understanding the requirements of project,to develop code for ultrasonic sensor so that obstacle distance could be measure for collision prevention, burn code in to aurdino.

	
Education 


	

	Completed my Matriculation by 2010 through BBM high school, Purnea with 71.8 % marks.

Completed my Intermediateby 2012 through Purnea collage, Purnea with 65.2% marks.

Completed B.Techfrom Siliguri institute of technology, Siliguri in 2017 with 7.45 CGPA.


	
Personal details


	

	Date of Birth:               21 January, 1994.
Nationality:                   India.
Languages Known:    English and Hindi.
Hobbies:                         Listening Music,Travelling, Net Surfing, Playing Cricket, Watching movies.
Permanent Address: MehboobKhan Tola, GurudwaraRoad, near Niradhi Convent School, old bus Stand,Purnea-854301.
Contact number:        9903475248/8343076066
E-mail ID:                       shubham.wda@gmail.com

	

DECLARATION


	

	I hereby declare that information given above is true to my knowledge.



	


SHUBHAM SAGAR



