












































                          Curriculum Vittae

                          Curriculum Vittae

Dr. Mandar Dilip Kshirsagar (B.A.M.S)

( 07875050321, 08275201097
( drmandark86@gmail.com

Career Objective-

                         To get challenging work, which would satisfy my instinct to learn and to do more and where, I would anticipate some quality work expertise that provides me an insight opportunity into the working environments of organization.

Work Experience-
1. Presently working at-

Organization- Pentagon Research Pvt. Ltd., Aundh, Pune.
Designation- Clinical Research Coordinator.

Period- From 1st Oct 2010.

Clinical Research Experience-

	Sr. No.
	Indication of the Clinical Trial
	Phase
	Role

	1.
	Diarrhea
	III
	Clinical Research Co-ordinator

	2.
	Ulcerative colitis
	III
	Clinical Research Co-ordinator

	3.
	Acute Coronary Syndrome
	III
	Clinical Research Co-ordinator

	4.
	Diabetes Mellitus-II
	II
	Clinical Research Co-ordinator

	5.
	Ankylosing Spondylitis
	III
	Clinical Research Co-ordinator

	6.
	Ulcerative Proctitis
	III
	Clinical Research Co-ordinator


Job profile-

a) Assisting Principal Investigators in the Informed Consent Process.

b) Assisting the Principal Investigators in screening and randomization procedures of patients.

c) Scheduling of Subjects Visits as per Protocol.

d) Completion and Maintaining Source Documents.

e) Coordination and Management of Local & Central Laboratory Samples, couriers and follow-ups of Lab Reports.

f) Drug Accountability and Dispensing.

g) Use of IVRS & IWRS.

h) Completion of Papers and eCRF with minimal error.

i) Resolving DCFs & eCRF Queries.

j) Preparation, Attendance and Follow-up of Monitoring visits.

k) Maintaining all Essential Documents in Site Master File.

l) Ethics Committee Correspondence for Submissions, Approvals and Notification.

m) Recording and Reporting of AEs and SAEs within proper timelines.

n) Coordination and Interacting with PI, Sub I, CRO, and other Study team members.

o) Trial Closeout: Preparation & Attendance.

p) Overseeing the overall activities in accordance with the Protocol and the compliance of ICH-GCP in conduct of trial.
2. Organization- Serene Hospital Pvt. Ltd., Vishrantwadi, Pune.
Designation- Registered Medical Officer.

Period- 4 Months

Job Profile-

a)  Physical examination, diagnosis and admission of patient under guidance of physician.

b) Taking daily round of patients at ward.

Educational Qualification-

	Degree
	Year
	University
	Percentage

	Diploma in Clinical Research and Clinical Data Management
	2011
	Mitcon 

Bio-Pharma,Pune
	‘A’ Grade

	B.A.M.S.
	2009
	RGUHS,Bangalore
	61.87 %

	H.S.C.
	2005
	Pune Board
	76.50 %

	S.S.C.
	2003
	Pune Board
	47.86 %


Computer Skills-

Operating System: Windows 98/Windows XP

Application Software: MS-Office XP/2000/2007
Seminars Attended-

a) International seminar on Geriatrics Diseases at Dharwad, Karnataka.

b) Attended ‘Refresher ICH GCP Workshop’ at Medipoint Hospitals Pvt. Ltd., Aundh, Pune conducted by Quintiles on 3rd May 2011.

c) Attended the Investigator’s Meeting in Mumbai organized by Clinical R&D of Cadila Healthcare Ltd for ‘Breast Cancer’ on 10th July 2011.
d) Completed an introductory course in GCP organized by Clinical R&D of Cadila Healthcare Ltd on 10th July 2011.
Strength-

a. Self - motivated.

b. Efficient time management.

c. Good communication.
Personal Details-

Current Address- Shivaji nagar, Pune.

Permanent Address- E-33, Ravindra Colony, MPKV, Rahuri, Ahmednagar,             Maharashtra-413722.

Date of Birth- 25th Feb 1986.

Sex- Male.

Marital status- Single.

Languages known- English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada.

Hobbies- Listening Music, Cooking, Interact with Peoples. 
Declaration-
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and belief, will be responsible for any flaws in it.

                                                                                                             (Dr.Mandar Dilip Kshirsagar)
                                                                                                                                     Date: 05/04/2012

                                                                                                                                     Place: Pune
