













































 


Alpesh K Bhatt     Email: Alpesh1658@gmail.com 

       Mobil no. 9925465095 

             
 

SUMMARY: 

  

 B.com Graduate with account subject. 
 Having Knowledge of computer like MS-Office, Internet, Basic Hardware 

problem solution. 

 50 w.p.m. typing speed in English and Gujarati. 
 Experience in both Government sectors and Private sector. 
 

OBJECTIVE: 

 Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the field that offers ample 
scope for continuous learning and professional growth while demanding to be 

resourceful and innovative.  

EDUCATION: 
 

 Bachelor degree : B.com  
University: Gujarat University  

 

 LL.B 
University: Gujarat University 

 

 Computer :  
 

- DPCS (Data Preparation and Computer Software) 1 Year in ITI Gandhinagar. 
- DCP (Diploma in Computer Programming) 1 year in H.K. Commerce Collage, Ahmedabad  
- GCC (English typing) examination passes with 50 wpm speed. 
- Gujarati and Hindi Typing in Computer. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

 
 

Organization : Karmic Lifesciences LLP, Ahmedabad (A Cliantha Group Company) 

Designation : Clinical Data Coordinator - I 

Duration : Apr 2015 to till date 

 

Job Responsibilities: Responsible for assigned tasks like Designing and review of Case 

Report Form, Document Creation like Data Validation Plan and Study Specific Procedure 

etc., Data entry in the database, Data entry comparisons, Quality review, Discrepancy 

Management, Level-1 Correction, UAT data creation and testing, External Data Handling 

and reconciliation.  
 

Organization : Cliantha Research Limited, (formerly known as BA Research India Ltd.)      

                          Ahmedabad., India. 

Designation : Clinical Data Coordinator - I 

Duration : Apr 2013 to Apr 2015. 
 

Job Responsibilities: Responsible for assigned tasks like Designing and review of Case 

Report Form, Document Creation like Data Validation Plan and Study Specific Procedure 

etc., Data entry in the database, Data entry comparisons, Quality review, Discrepancy 

Management, Level-1 Correction, UAT data creation and testing, External Data Handling 

and reconciliation.  

mailto:Alpesh1658@gmail.com


 

Organization : Cliantha Research Limited, (formerly known as BA Research India Ltd.)   

                          Ahmedabad., India. 

Designation : Data Entry Associate 

Duration : Apr-2009 to Mar-2013. 

 

Job Responsibilities: Responsible for assigned tasks Data entry in database, CRF 

tracking, CRF scanning and Indexing, Quality Review, CRF designing, UAT data 

creation and testing. 

 

Organization : Gujarat State Rural Development Corporation Ltd., Gandhinagar 

Designation : Data Entry Operator (Contractual)  

Duration : Feb-2000 to Apr-2009 

 

Job Responsibilities: Responsible for assigned tasks Data entry (Letters, Fax and Excel 

statements, PPTs). 

 

 

Organization : Information and Library Network Center, Ahmeabad 

Designation : Data Entry Operator (Trainee) 

Duration : Sep-1999 to Sep-2000 

 

Job Responsibilities: Responsible for assigned tasks Data entry in online Library 

Software  

 

Organization : Institution of Plasma Research, Bhat village, Gandhiangar. 

Designation : Data Entry Operator (Trainee)  

Duration : Dec-1998 to Sep-1999 

 

Job Responsibilities: Responsible for assigned tasks Data entry (Letters, Fax and Excel 

statements, PPTs). 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

 

Address  : Plot no. 1658/2, Sector – 5c, 

    Gandhinagar – 382005 
 

Date of Birth  : 7th Nov, 1976 
 

Sex   : Male 
 

Marital status   : Married  

 

Nationality  :      Indian 

 

Linguistics  : English, Hindi and Gujarati 

 

DECLARATION: 

 

I, hereby declare that the above-furnished information it true to the best of my knowledge 

and belief.  

 

             

         (Alpesh K Bhatt) 


