














































Kaustubh P


Harshal Rajendra Pingle 

E-mail:  pingleharshal@gmail.com 

Contact No.: 9975707625 . 

 

Career 

Objective: 

To obtain a challenging position in the area of Information Technology,which 

would provide me with an opportunity to work on diverse technologies and 

projects. 

 

 

 

Academic Qualifications: 

Name of 

Examination 
Board/University 

Month & Year 

of Passing 
Percentage Class 

B.E. Computer Pune University May 2015 61.06% First Class 

H.S.C. Nashik  Board Feb 2010 67.00% First Class 

S.S.C. Nashik Board Mar 2008 84.46% 
First Class with 

Distinction 

 

 

IT Skills: 

 

Career Summary: 

 

 A competent professional with 1 year of experience in PHP development. 

 Developing products for the client and understanding client’s requirements. 

 Proficiency in technical documentation, design, development for website development. 

 Working with database like MySQL. 

 Quick learner & eager to learn new technologies. 

 OOPS PHP Development. 

 Client-Side Programming: Javascript,AJAX. 

 Dedicated and highly ambitious to achieve both personal and organizational goals. 
 

 

Employer: 

 

 Currently working as a Junior PHP  Developer in Ennovata Sales & Services Pvt.Ltd. 
from  September 2016  till present. 

 

 

Role &  Contribution: 

 

 Development of  reusable  code. 

 Development and implementation of  core functionality and support tools. 

 Understand the business and functional requirements. 

 

 

Programming Lang. & Tools  C, C++,Ionic Framework 

Web Technologies HTML, CSS,Javascript, PHP,AJAX,Angular JS 

Database  MySQL. 

Operating Systems Windows  XP,7,8 



Project Details: 

 
Project Title:  jjfindia.com 

Organization: Ennovata Sales and Services Pvt. Ltd. 

Environment: HTML,CSS,Bootstrap,Javascript,Jquery,PHP,MySQL. 

Description:   This project is started to provide help to needy people. They provide support to     

different NGOs. They also arrange different social camps. They celebrate their 

office staff birthdays for different social cause.  

 

Project Title: AIBDH.com 

Organization: Ennovata Sales and Services Pvt. Ltd. 

Environment: HTML,CSS,Bootstrap,Javascript,Jquery,PHP,MySQL. 

Description:     This project is helpful for millions of people who need blood transfusions each  

                           year. AIBDH is a nonprofit organization who connects blood donors to those 

whoneed of blood. 

 

 

 

 

Personal Details: 

 

Name           : Pingle Harshal Rajendra 

Date of Birth  : 04th Nov 1992. 

Marital Status                                 : Single. 

Languages Known     : Marathi, Hindi, English. 

Permanent Address                  : 10, Prerana Housing Society, Near R.K.Lawns, 

 Chalisgaon - 424101.                                                                        

Local Address     : 370/A7, Venkatesh  Appartment, Navi Peth, Pune-411030. 

 

Declaration: 

 I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge 

and belief. 

 

 

Place: Pune 

Date:          Harshal Rajendra Pingle 


