


















































Anooj M
Email Id: anoojmnair@gmail.com
Contact Number: 9496262637


Career objective

  Seeking a responsible position in challenging environment where I can utilize my knowledge and skills in perfect balance that will make a meaningful contribution to the organization and my career in the field of Information Technology. I would like to express my interest to learn and work in new technologies also.

Professional Summary

· 3.0 Years of industry experience in the area of Software Testing (Manual and Automation) with a solid understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking.
· Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements, Tracking changes and maintenance of Test Requirements.
· Well acquainted with all phases of SDLC and STLC.
· Strong experience in automating Web Applications using Selenium WebDriver 
with TestNG framework.
· Well versed with Handling Elements in Selenium WebDriver.
· Writing Test cases using Element locators, WebDriver methods, Java programming features and TestNG Annotations.
· Executing Selenium Test Cases and Reporting defects.
· Experience in Data driven Testing, Cross browser testing and Parallel test execution using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
· Well versed in Agile Testing.
· Excellent knowledge on Defect Tracking Tool.
· Strong command over SQL.
· Commitment to co-operative teamwork and involved in delivering high quality product to client.
· Strong team player to find defects in software application against requirement specification.







Experience Highlights

	Organization
	Designation
	Duration
	Domain

	UST Global
	Software Tester
	Jan 17 2016 to till date
	Insurance



Technical Skills

Automation Testing Tools	:       Selenium WebDriver
Testing Framework		:       TestNG
Build Tool     		:       Maven
Programming Languages	:       C, Java, HTML (Aspires to Learn More)
Databases			:       MYSQL, SQL Server
Test Management Tools    	:       QAC
Bug Tracking Tools       	:       Bugzilla and JIRA.
Operating Systems		:       Windows 7/8/10
Tools & Utilities              	:       MS-Office, Outlook Express.

Project – Esurance

Project Type		:  Web Application
Client 			:  Esurance
Organization	 	:  UST Global
Technology             	:  Java
Testing Approach    	:  Manual and Automation
Tools Used             	:  Selenium WebDriver with TestNG framework
Role                       	:  Test Engineer
Duration                	: Jan 2016 to till date

Description

Esurance Insurance Services, Inc. is an American insurance company. It sells auto, home, motorcycle, and renters insurance direct to consumers online and by phone. It is one of the first insurance companies to sell policies directly to consumers over the internet, instead of using in-person meetings or phone calls.

Responsibilities:
· Creating test scripts based on the requirements using selenium web driver with Java.
· Developing test scripts using Page Object model of approach.
· Creating Data Driven / parameterizing test cases with Test NG.
· Participate in Review meetings of the current sprint.
· Understanding the requirements of the customer and functionality of the Application to ensure complete coverage of the requirement during the delivery.
· Actively collaborating with developers and stakeholders to clarify requirements, especially in terms of testability, consistency and completeness.
· Prepared test cases based on the user story.
· Execution of Tests and Reporting Defects.
· Testing is performed in web, mobile and database side.
· Query based database testing is performed based on the requirements.



Training Program Attended

· Attended Selenium WebDriver training at UST Global.
· Attended Core Java training at UST Global.


Educational Details

	COURSE
	SCHOOL/COLLEGE
	YEAR OF PASSING
	%

	MCA
	Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College
	2015
	80

	B.sc CS
	MIC Arts and Science College
	2012
	76

	12th Standard
	G H S S Udma
	2009
	63

	10th Standard
	G H S S Chemnad
	2007
	90




Certifications:

· CCNA certification from Cisco

· CSTP Certification from STC Technologies

Extra-Curricular Activities

· Second prize in school level javelin throw competition.
· Participated in district school level athletic championship




Hobbies:

· Playing Cricket.
· Swimming.
· Travelling.

Personal Summary

Name 		          :  Anooj M
Father’s Name 	:  Narayanan P V
Mother’s Name	:  Savithri K
Date Of Birth          	:  15-12-1991
Sex                        	:  Male
Marital Status         	:  Single
Nationality             	:  Indian
Language’s Known  	: English, Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil


Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above written are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Place: Trivandrum                                                                   Anooj M
