























Jitendra Singh
jsingh.lko@gmail.com

Career Objective
To accomplish challenging roles and manage objectives by applying knowledge and
innovative ideas to enhance the success of the organization

Total years of experience: 12 years

Work Experience
Accenture India, Gurgaon. Feb 2016- Till Date
Designation: Consultant
Domain : F&A
Client : Canadian Bank
Team Size : 15

Work Profile: Management Reporting
Transitioned management reporting project from Canada through offsite mode
Helped the project successfully go live within the specified time frame
Supporting management reporting operations for a Canadian client
Preparation of monthly, weekly, quarterly reports and scorecards for the assigned line of
businesses
Supporting the team to achieve the given objectives
Managing internal reporting related to quality management.
Looking after transport spoc responsibilities of the project
Managing client interaction on a day to day basis for the project related progress and
assignments.
Looking after the transition of the assigned team members
Managing BCP assignments of the engagement with the risk team

Work Experience
Infosys BPO Limited, Gurgaon. May 2007- Jan 2016
Designation: Specialist & Engagement Lead
Domain : FP&A
Client : Canadian Telecom Major
Team Size : 12

Work Profile: Management Reporting



Cost per call report for various segments of the lines of business
Total cash expense report
Preparation & reporting of monthly attrition report for various segments of the client
business
Coding up of invoices for payments due in APSS through SAP & chargeback
Running BW queries of total cash expense for different LOB’s
Monthly execution of various BI reports for headcount & expense of different segments
Preparation of invoice status report through SAP
Monthly & weekly graph report for various LOB’s of the client for call volume &
abandonment rate
Various internal management reports
Managing internal reporting structure pertaining to MIS
Inter company journal entries for expenses through SAP
Monthly inter company settlement report for reconciliation

Team Handling Experience

Accountable for service delivery of management reporting team
Training & mentoring eleven analysts
Resolving the day today issues of the team, mentoring & guidance to achieve the assigned
output
Internal training & communication SPOC (single point of contact) of the engagement
Handling the engagement and ensuring the attainment of objectives assigned.

Infosys BPO Limited, Bangalore. September 2005- April 2007
Designation: Finance Executive
Domain : F&A (AR)
Client : Car Rental MNC (UK)
Team Size : 5

Work Profile
Allocation of payments received in UK, Germany & Switzerland through cheques, direct
debits & BACS (bank automated clearing system).
Insurance claims allocation.
Zero Remit contra entries.
Creation of document for sales ledger clearance
Loading up of invoices payment files through electronic statement
Training impart for new process joiners.

Professional Qualification



Master of Business Administration with concentration in Marketing & Finance
From UP Technical University, Lucknow 2002- 2004

Educational Qualification
B.Com. from Lucknow University, Lucknow 2002
Intermediate from UP Board. 1999
High School from UP Board 1997

Achievements
Been on transition to Canada on a project of Infosys BPO Limited for a telecom major of
Canada
Received various ramp awards from Infosys (extra miler, caption writing, quality & best
team award)

Technical Skills
Operating system : DOS/ Windows 98/2000/2010/2013XP
Packages : Ms Office, XLS, Powerpoint
Applications : Smartstream, Speedlink, PEATS, BW, SAP, Oracle

Personal Traits
Quick learner
Self motivated
Effective team player & adaptable

Personal details

D.O.B. : 31st December 1981
Sex : Male
Languages known : Hindi & English
Passport : Valid
Phone : +91-9810753142

I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my
knowledge & belief.



Jitendra Singh
Date March, 2018
Place : Gurgaon


