













































CURRICULAM VITAE


Sai Kumar G                                  E-Mail  : saikumar.kunchams@gmail.com 

                   Mobile : +91-9912380605 

 

 Experience Summary 

 

 I have 2+ Years of progressive IT experience in .Net Technologies like 
  ASP.NET, C#.NET, SQL Server. 

 A Team player with excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. 
 

Professional Summary 

 

 Good knowledge in database & web development.  

 Good Knowledge in implementing web pages in Asp.Net. 

 Having good knowledge in Asp.Net MVC and Entity Framework. 

 Code expertise on C#.Net, ADO.NET, JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3. 

 Very good knowledge and experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOPS). 

 Skilled expertise in SQL Server 2012. 

 Good programming and analytical skills. 
 Willing to learn new technologies. 

 
 

IT Experience: 

 

Worked as Software Engineer for Kuncham Software Solutions Private Limited in Hyderabad 

since June 2016 to July 2018. 

 

Technical Skills 

 

Languages           : C#.NET  

Web Tools/Scripting Tool  : ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, HTML5, CSS3, Entity Framework, 

              JavaScript. 

Databases                       :  SQL Server 2012. 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Educational Qualification 

 

 Passed Bachelor of Engineering in Computers Science in May 2016 from NBKR Institute of 
Science & Technology affiliated to VSU with 59% 

 
 Passed Intermediate in April 2011 from Srinivasa Junior College with 68.2% 

 
 Passed SSC in April 2009 from Bala Bharathi EM/TM High School with 81.3% 

 

 

Project Profile 

Project #1 

Title     : Inventory Management System. 

Team Size           : 2 

Duration             : 6 Months 

Environment     : ASP.Net, C#.Net, SQL Server 2012, Java Script, ADO.Net. 

Project Description: 

 The main objective of this project is to maintain the inventory records of a readymade 

garments shop which has one or more branches, to keep accounts of purchase and sales, to 

know the current position of the debtors and creditors, bill generation, stock maintenance.  

 The main goal of the application is to maintain the records of stock, billing, details of 

purchasers and sellers and their current financial positions with the company. Mainly if one 

shop has multiple branches then owner must visit every shop for taking the details which is 

time taking, to avoid it in this application I and my team created a owner dashboard from 

which he can observe all the branches details. The second module is Branch Manager which 

is added by the owner and for every branch there will be only one branch manager. The third 

module is Employee (Cashiers) generally in every shop there will be at least one cashier and 

in this application owner and branch manager has permissions to add an employees.   

Responsibilities: 

 

 Writing the UTP Test case document before starting development. 

 Involved in Designing, Coding. 

 Design and Development of the user-interface screens using ASP.Net and C#.Net. 

 Involved in admin module and Employee module. 

 



Project #2 

Title             :  Employment Tracking System. 

Team Size                      : 3  

Duration                        : 8 Months 

Environment                 : ASP.Net, C#.Net, SQL Server 2012, Java Script, ADO.Net. 

 

Project Description     :         

This application is for helping organizations for the employment tracking of throughout the day, 
month and year. ETS is a task management application where User can login and they can see 
what all task has been assigned to them and what is start time for the task and when it is going 
to complete so they can do their task with in assigned duration. And management can track the 
login and logout times of the employees which helps them for maintaining the attendance of all 
employees. The main role will be of the Admin who has to add all the new employees at the 
time of their joining. In short all kind of employee tracking is possible with this application.  

Responsibilities: 

 Understanding requirements given by the client and co-ordinate for clarifications. 

 Performed application coding based on technical specifications.  

 Performed Client side validations using Java Script. 

 Developed user interfaces using ASP.Net. 

 Involved in writing Queries, Stored procedures. 

Project #3 

Title             :  Koven Soft. 

Team Size                      : 2 

Environment                 : Notepad++, HTML5, CSS3, Java Script. 

 

Project Description     :       

Kovensoft is one of the leading recruiting companies in the country and is a leading 
global player serving large multinational and large business conglomerates. 
 

Responsibilities: 

 Involved in developing static web pages. 

 Designed the user-interface screens using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. 

 



Project #4  

Title             :  Amulya Care. 

Team Size                      : 2 

Environment                 : Notepad++, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstarp. 

 

Project Description     :       

Amulya care is a traditional Kerala Ayurveda panchakarma hospital at Anantapur.  They 
provides treatments for most of the diseases with Kerala’s classical Ayurvedic medicines. In 
this project we included what are the treatments available in the hospital and short 
explanation about the treatments. And patients can book appointments through this 
application.   
 

Responsibilities: 

 Involved in developing static web pages. 

 Designed the user-interface screens using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. 

 

Declaration 

I assert that the above information given by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 

 

Date:  

Place:                                                                                                      (Gangireddy SaiKumar) 

 


	Worked as Software Engineer for Kuncham Software Solutions Private Limited in Hyderabad since June 2016 to July 2018.

