











































Microsoft Word - {506816500723546078}


 

 

                           

 

Santosh Kajuluri  
UI/Java/J2EE developer  

                                                                                        

Bachelors of Technology in Electronics and Communication 
software development 
 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 
 

3 years 1 month of IT experience in Software Development with proficiency in developing 
Enterprise-based applications using 

 

●    Extensive knowledge on SDLC, strong experience in working with 

● Extensive experience in Paradigms like 

● Extensive experience in working with 

using Application Servers in conjunction with Oracle for application development.

● Strong software developing expertise including designing/modeling, programming/coding of 

server side components  

●    Extensive knowledge on J2EE

● Having good knowledge in developing 

● Having good knowledge in using tools like 

Applications. 

● Strong debugging and problem solving skills with excellent understanding of system    
development methodologies, techniques and tools with good analytical skills.

● Strong experience in data base migration

Good knowledge at writing 

● Achieved Smart performer of the year 2017 

 

EDUCATION: 

 

● Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science Engineering from JNTUK. 

● Intermediate from Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education.

● SSC from Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education.

   
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 

Languages   :   Java, J2EE
Web Tools   :  Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Custom 
      and JQuery

Frameworks  :  JSP , Spring
ORM Tools   :  Hibernate 
Databases   :  Oracle.  
Web & App Servers :  Apache Tomcat, Sun One webserver, webservices,glassfish 
Operating Systems  :  MS Windows, MS
IDE’s   :  Eclipse. 

Debugging Tools :  IE, Chrome, Firefox and Safari debugging tools.
Browsers  :  IE, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera.
Other tools  :  VPN, WinScp, Putty, word plus, win merge
 

WORK EXPERIENCE  
 

● Working for Codetronix software solutions

till date. 

● Previously I worked as a Software Engineer in 

2015 to June 2016. 

 

 

PROJECTS:   

Project: #1 
 

Project Name        : Stock Trader.

            ☎ +91-8341969742
      ✉santosh.kalyan30@gmail.com

                                                                                        

 

Bachelors of Technology in Electronics and Communication 3 years 1 month 

IT experience in Software Development with proficiency in developing 

based applications using Java and J2EE technologies. 

Extensive knowledge on SDLC, strong experience in working with Agile methodology.

Extensive experience in Paradigms like Object Oriented Programming.  

Extensive experience in working with JQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JSP, and Servlets
using Application Servers in conjunction with Oracle for application development.

Strong software developing expertise including designing/modeling, programming/coding of 

J2EE applications development using servers like Tomcat

Having good knowledge in developing Springs, Hibernate, JSP applications.
Having good knowledge in using tools like eclipse for developing and deploying the Web 

and problem solving skills with excellent understanding of system    

development methodologies, techniques and tools with good analytical skills.

data base migration, Java API migration and codebase migration

writing Java and DB APIs. Well known about prod-rollout
Smart performer of the year 2017 award. 

Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science Engineering from JNTUK.  

Intermediate from Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education.

SSC from Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education.

Java, J2EE 

Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Custom Tags, JavaScript, HTML, AJAX 

and JQuery 

Spring 

Hibernate  

 

Apache Tomcat, Sun One webserver, webservices,glassfish 

MS Windows, MS-DOS, UNIX. 

 

IE, Chrome, Firefox and Safari debugging tools. 

IE, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera. 

VPN, WinScp, Putty, word plus, win merge 

Codetronix software solutions as a Software Engineer from 18

Previously I worked as a Software Engineer in Axalt Technologies, Visakhapatnam from June 

Stock Trader. 

8341969742 

santosh.kalyan30@gmail.com 

 experience in 

IT experience in Software Development with proficiency in developing Web-based and 

methodology. 

HTML, CSS, JSP, and Servlets 
using Application Servers in conjunction with Oracle for application development. 

Strong software developing expertise including designing/modeling, programming/coding of 

Tomcat.  

applications. 

developing and deploying the Web 

and problem solving skills with excellent understanding of system    

development methodologies, techniques and tools with good analytical skills. 

codebase migration. 

rollout preparation. 

Intermediate from Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education. 

SSC from Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education. 

 

Apache Tomcat, Sun One webserver, webservices,glassfish  

tware Engineer from 18
th
 July 2016 to 

Visakhapatnam from June 



 

 

                           

Duration        : 01/08/2016 – Till Date. 
Organization         : Codetronix software Solutions LLP 

Team Size              : 12 Members. 
Operating System :  Unix. 
 

Description:   Stock Trader is a product that will provide a channel -To do online trading (buy/sell) of 
the stocks. Gives updated info regarding the stocks according to the market. Provides several trading 

features in a single window. This product includes maintaining customer details, company details and 

all the administrated people details. It has number of pages each page has its own pagelets/widgets 

like, TopX, portfolio, watch list, place order, intraday chart. Each pagelet has its own purpose, either 

to provide the trading information or to allow trading. The beauty of this product is great user friendly 

UI design with all the user defined pages, excellent caching and session management techniques. 

There are no system designed pages, user can create/arrange his page at his flexibility. This product 

has three modules TR module, Client module and Back office module. 

 

Responsibilities:   

● Involved in team meetings with project manager and team members. 

● Implemented User Interface using JavaScript, JQery, jQGrid and HTML5. 

● Implemented Java API and DB APIs using Java and PL/SQL. 

● Involved in discussions/analysis and coding about session management and server sided/client 

side caching. 

● Involved in analyzing/finalizing the best suited third party libraries to embed in to the product. 

● Involved in designing, analysis, debugging, bug fixing and testing. 

Environment:  Sun one web server, Java, JavaScript, JQuery,HTML, CSS, JSON, AJAX, Oracle11g and 
UNIX.  

 

Project: #2 
 

Project Name        : Standard Charted online Trading(SG) 

Duration        : 01/11/2016 – Till Date. 
Organization         : Codetronix software Solutions LLP 
Team Size              : 12 Members. 
Operating System :  Unix. 
 

Description:   Standard Charted bank online Trading will provide online trading (buy/sell) of the 
stocks. Gives updated info regarding the stocks according to the market. It has 8 different pages with 

different widgets. This product includes maintaining customer details, company details and all the 

administrated people details. It has pagelets/widgets like, TopX, portfolio, watch list, place order, 

historical chart. Each pagelet has its own purpose, either to provide the trading information or to allow 

trading. The beauty of this is great user friendly UI design with all the user defined pages, excellent 

caching and session management techniques.It product has three modules TR module, Client module 

and Back office module. 

 

Responsibilities:   
● Involved in team meetings with project manager and team members. 

● Implemented User Interface using JavaScript, JQery, jQGrid and HTML5. 

● Implemented Java API and DB APIs using Java and PL/SQL. 

● Involved in discussions/analysis and coding about session management and server sided/client 

side caching. 

● Involved in analyzing/finalizing the best suited third party libraries to embed in to the product. 

● Involved in designing, analysis, debugging, bug fixing and testing. 

Environment:  Sun one web server, Java, JavaScript, JQuery,HTML, CSS, JSON, AJAX, Oracle11g and 
UNIX.  

 

Project #3: 

Project Name : Remote Maintenance System (RMS  
Role  :  Java/J2EE Developer 
 Environment  :  Java, Struts, Hibernate, JDBC, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, MS SQL, Net Beans, Tomcat 
Duration : Nov- 2013 to Sep 2015 
 



 

 

                           

Description:  

Remote Maintenance system is a web and windows based application which is related to 

Industrial instrumentation system. This receives the alarm generated by the instruments 

through SRC regarding their malfunctions and sends SMS for every alarm. SRC will also 

update alarms through web service to RRC. Email will be sent every Minute automatically 

when the alarm is updated. It also generates shift wise and System Inspection report. 

Other Information: 

● Solely responsible for analysing, designing, coding and implementing several 

modules of this application. 

● Code fixing and maintenance of the application. 

PERSONAL PROFILE 

 

Name    : Santosh Kalyan Kajuluri  
Father’s name   : K.Danayya 

Date of Birth   : 30
th
 March 1993 

Languages Known  : English,Telugu,Hindi,Marathi 

Permanent Address    : Block.No:A-196, Sujatha Nagar, 

  Vishakapatnam-530051 

 

 

 

Place: 
Date:                          (Santosh Kajuluri) 


