


















































Sikkandar Basha.K.S						26,Sikkandar St,
Email:sikkandarsherif@gmail.com					Kavindapadi,Bhavani[T.K],
Phone:+91-8012378616							Erode.
						


Career Objective

Intend to build a career with leading corporate, committed company which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. And I am willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environments. 

Professional Summary
	Company		: 	Move-Offshore Pvt Ltd.
	Duration		: 	Nov 2014 to Till Date.
	Designation		:	Process Executive.
	Year of Experience	:	4

Technical Skills

· MS Excel Maintenance
· MS Office

	
Educational Qualification

	Degree/Course 
	Institution
	University /
Board
	Year of
 Passing 
	Percentage

	B.E(ECE)
	Vidyaa Vikas College of Engg and Technology
	Anna
University,
Coimbatore
	2011
	73%

	HSC
	Sri Venkateswara Vidyalaya Hr Sec School
	State Board,
Tamilnadu
	2007
	73%

	SSLC
	Sri Venkateswara Vidyalaya Hr Sec School
	State Board,
Tamilnadu
	2005
	84%










Project Summary

1.Web Research Photo Updating

          Role			:  Research Analyst 
          Duration			:  1Year
            Team Size		:  5

Description: 
	Internet Research Analyst is search the US Website For Example If the contract is related to Restaurant, Hotel, Hardware Shop etc,. We just search that particular contract Original US Website then understand that website content for the Purpose of uploading the company Photos and Timing then we take that official website photos depending upon some Rules and Regulation for that Photo Clarity, size ,Clearness and aim of the website related photos even some website hold less amount of photos so in that situation we just take down their official Facebook photos depending upon the rules and regulation. After the final suggestion we can upload that taken photos in their US Module However we just research not only photos even we can update the US timing for example Daily Hours, Weekend Hours and Happy Hour also from their Official website and Official Facebook.

2. Real Estate Management:
Role				: Research Analyst
Duration			: 3Year
Team Size			: 1

 Description:
The Real Estate Management is a Process of Updating the US Real Estate Land current status as well we just research about the given land address properly then collecting that land details from USA Tax website and we will suggested rental homes to client as per Tax record. Finally conclude that Land Condition and we update that information in that given Module.
	


Strength:

· Ability to work in group as well as an individual.
· Work effectively under pressure.
· Team player, flexible and hard-working.


Personal profile
Father’s Name			:     Sharif Deen K.E 
Date of birth 			:     05th March 1989
Sex & Marital status		:     Male, Married
Nationality 			:     Indian
Linguistic ability		:     English, Tamil and Urdu


Place:									
Date:
