















































AJEET KUMAR ASTHANA                        S/O  Shri G

                                                                        






VIVEK GARG 










C-403, Devnandan Platina,

















Vande Matram City, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
Ph. +91 96244-08266





























E-mail: vivekgarg_amd@yahoo.com
· Academic Qualification:

· B. Com. from Jiwaji University, Gwalior (M.P.) (Year 1996-1999)
· Articleship Training of Chartered Accountancy (Year 2000-2003)

· M.B.A. in Finance & Marketing (Year 2006-2008) 
· Personal Information:

	Date of Birth
	23rd May 1979

	Work Experience
	11 years

	Current Location
	Ahmedabad (Gujarat)

	Preferred Location
	Ahmedabad, Mumbai, Hyderabad


· Computer Skills:

· MS-Office (MS-Word, MS-Excel, Power Point) 

· Tally (Ver. 7.2, 9.0, ERP 9.0)

· One year certified course in Computerized Accounting from Tally Academy, Bangalore
· Taxation Software

· Self Preparation of Accounts, Reports, and Presentations
· Work Experience:




· Following are the areas covered in Gwalior and other states during the period from 
2000 to 2006:-
a) Internal Audits, Stock Audits, Market Research & Survey, Sales Analysis and Profit Analysis of M/s B.K. BIRLA GROUP OF COMPANIES, KOLKATA of various selling points for Tyre Trade situated in Gujrat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, U.P. and M.P.

b) Internal Audits and Stock Verification of various Cement Manufacturing Plants including  Birla Group of Companies situated in Hyderabad (A.P.) & Sedam (Karnataka).

c) Bank Audits including Statutory Audits, Revenue Audits, Categorization of Advances for various branches of State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Union Bank of India, Bank of India and Central Bank of India situated in Madhya Pradesh.
d) Taxation, Preparation and e_ filing of income tax returns, TDS returns and VAT/CST returns.
e) Tax Audits of various sole proprietary and partnership concerns, share trading firms and private limited companies.

f) Financial Accounting and preparation of Books of Accounts for various private limited companies and sole proprietary concerns.
g) System Development Audit of a Mobile Tower Manufacturing Industry M/s KEC International Ltd., Jabalpur (M.P.) for analysis of production and expenses, man power utilization & machinery capacity utilization of the factory with graphical presentations.

h) Company Audits of various private limited companies required under The Companies Act.

i) Valuation and assessment of losses of assets & stocks, verification of assets and preparation reports  for the cases of marine, fire & burglary losses covered by General Insurance Companies.
j) Worked independently with National Level Educational Institutes and Management Institutes of Gwalior from 2006 to 2010 in the areas of Accounting, Auditing and Taxation including Accounting of Head Office, Branches & Franchisees, Branch & Head Office Accounts Reconciliations, Bank Reconciliations, Ledgers Scrutiny, Accounts Finalization, Balance Sheet Finalization etc.

· Summary of work experience:
	Year
	Institutions

	2000-2003
	Articleship of Chartered Accountancy.

	2003-2006
	Worked with Chartered Accountants & Surveyor and Loss Assessors as Audit Manager & Field Manager in the field of Chartered Accountancy and Insurance Surveys.

	2006-2008
	M.B.A. (Finance & Marketing) and working with various financial and educational institutions in the field of accounting, auditing and taxation.

	2008-2010
	Worked with educational institutes in the field of accounting including Auditing, Income Tax, Service Tax and Legal Matters.

	2010-2012
	Worked with Chartered Accountants of Ahmedabad in the field of accounting, auditing and taxation for various trading and manufacturing concerns. 
Presently working with a construction and interior designing company of Ahmedabad.


Specialization

· Accounting, Auditing and Taxation
· Internal Audit & Tax Audits
· Stock Verification

The above particulars furnished by me are legitimate and correct to the best of my knowledge. 

Please give me a chance to perform with your company.

Regards,

(Vivek Garg)

96244-08266





PAGE  
2

