







































AFRIN AHMED PATAWEKARI
Contact No: +91 9595038986

Email-id: Afrinpatawekari786@yahoo.com

Career Objectives

 To pursue a highly rewarding career in the industries where I can utilize my technical, analytical
skills and knowledge efficiently for organizational growth.

Work Experience
Organization Name : Nalco –An Ecolab company 
Location : Pune 
Regulatory Affairs Coordinator  (21/03/2017 –31/12/2017)

 I have an experience of  regulatory affairs in the Product safety And SSC (Strategic 
Services )team regarding to the chemicals and their toxicological regulations to both 
Nalco and Ecolab Business legacies.

 Key role was authoring the Safety Data Sheets using SAP Software for all asia pacific 
countries (GHS & Non GHS) and maintaining regulatory requirement for the compliance.

 Knowledge of SAP software for EBS and PR1 as well as trained on EPIC (Ecolab 
Product Information Center) to author SDS 

 CG02 for SDS Authoring  
 SAP Net weaver  

 Hazardous chemicals classification for human as well as environmental exposures, 
Dangerous goods (DG),labelling and their regulatory requirements  . 

 Checking the chemical regulations of asia pacific countries like India,Thailand, 
Malaysia,Australia, China, Taiwan etc.

 Supported on various Major – Minor Projects and Task 
 Preparing weekly, monthly project status reports and presentation for SSC - RA team 

meeting.
 Participated in various events in Nalco

Organization Name : Genpact India company
Location : Mumbai
Regulatory Affairs Associate  (14/08/2018 – Present)

 I have  knowledge of  regulatory affairs in the authoring Product safety data sheet using 
WERCS Software for Latin American countries like Peru, Chile, Argentina etc.

 Knowledge of softwares i.e Agile , Kallik.
 Basic knowledge of  notification and submission process for Europe countries i.e Austria,

great Britain,Norway, France etc.
 Supported on various minor task within the team.
  Attended team knowledge sharing session for various processes .

skills
 Time management skills

mailto:Afrinpatawekari786@yahoo.com


 Problem-solving skills
 Presentation skills.
 Interpersonal skills.
 Communication skills.
 Organizing skills
 A Passion to Help Others

Academic Curriculum

   
NAME OF 
DEGREE

NAME OF THE INSTITUTE YEAR OF
PASSING

CLASS
(PERCENTAGE)

  M.sc in analytical 
chemistry

Nowrosjee Wadia College, Pune 
411001

2016 First class /Grade A         
(68.82% )   
  (CGPA:4.98) 

 B.sc in chemistry Nowrosjee Wadia College, Pune 
411001

2014 First class (69.21%)

 HSC Nowrosjee Wadia College, Pune 
411001

2010 Second class (54.67%)

SSC Dr. Nanasaheb Parulekar high 
school,Pune – 6

2008 Distinction (77.07%)

                           
                                                          Other Activities 

Attended Seminar on “Rescent Advancement of Nonmaterial" in Chemistry Department of 
Nowrosjee Wadia College, Pune.

Attended "Human Right" & "Cyber Security" Seminar in Nowrosjee Wadia College, Pune.
Participated in ' Chem. Fest- 2015' Poster Competition

Assura Pharma Industrial Training, Sangli (dec. 2016.)

Personal Details
• Name : Miss Afrin Ahmed Patawekari
• Address                       : 27/71, R.M.H. Qtrs. Near siddhivinayak ganesh temple, Jail road,

   Yerwada, Pune – 6                                                                          
• Date of birth : 18 January 1993
• Nationality : Indian.
• Language's known : English, Hindi, Marathi 
• Marital Status              : Single
• Hobbies : Listening music, Hanging out with friends, Making new Friends 

   
Declaration



I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, 
correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

                                                                                                                        
Date:    (Afrin Patawekari)
Place: Pune


