
















































                                                       RESUME

A.Sreemallika

E-Mail:Sreemallikaap@gmail.com                                                    Mobile: +91 7036280130


Competitive Advantages:

Analytical accounting professional with extensive experience in accurate preparation, analysis and reporting of financial performance. Proficient in management of accounts payable, Exceptional financial analysis skills. Enhance productivity and maximize financial control. Effectively analyze situations and provide innovative solutions.

Professional Experience:

Company    : INFOSYS (B.P.O)
Process      : Accounts Payable
Designation: Process Associate (2 years experience)
Duration     : July 2015 to May 2017

Responsibilities: 

· Processing of PO & Non PO invoices.
· Processing of indexing.
· Meeting SLA &TAT as per client requirement.
· Complete knowledge capture about accounts payable process.
· Handle helpdesk queries and provide solutions via emails and calls.
· Interacting with clients directly on weekly phone calls.
· Efficiently process vendor invoices and maintain up to date system.
· Assisted in month end closings.

Professional Experience:

Company    : Voltas Limited (B.P.O)
Process      : Accounts Payable
Designation: Sr.Excutive F&A Operations.  
Duration     : July 2017 to Till.

Responsibilities: 

· Processing of PO & Non PO invoices.
· Processing of indexing.
· Coordinate approval processes of all accounts payable invoices.
· Handle helpdesk queries and provide solution via emails or calls.
· Rectified escalated accounts payable issues from employees and vendors.
· Respond to vendor payment inquiries.
· Investigated Price, Quantity, Description and HSN, GST issues and freight issues in invoice.
· Complete invoice documentation.
· Preparing monthly reports and assisting in month end closing.


Key skills:

· Operating Systems: XP, Windows 7
· MS – Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint )
· Tally :9.7
· Oracle Financial:R12
·  System application product (SAP) Invoice posting, Vendor reconciliation.

Achievements:

· Received 3 rewards & recognition by management for providing extended support in critical & emergency situation in the absence of team members’ monthly invoice posting activity.
·  Proposed lean idea with regards to invoice to be paid to the vendors with in time specified.
· Appreciated by the manger for the consistent performance.
· I got merit scholarship in my graduation.

Strengths:

· Good knowledge in both accounting and finance.
· Hardworking nature.
· Flexible to work in shifts as per company requirement.
· Quick learner.
· Passion to learn new things.


Academic profile:
	

COLLEGE NAME
	
ELECTIVES OR COMBINATION
	
STATE/UNIVERSITY
	
                     DURATION

	
	
	
	
PERIOD
	
PERCENTAGE

	
Z.P High School
	
SSC (10TH)
	 Board of Secondary Education ,A.P
	
2007
	
To
	
2008
	
      65%

	
Govt Junior College
	Board of Intermediate (CEC)
	Board of Intermediate
Education ,A.P
	
2008
	
To
	
2010
	
      70%

	S.V.G.M Govt. Junior College
	B.COM (Computers)
	S.K University, Anantapuram.
	
2010
	
To
	
2013
	
       70%

	Sri Padmavathi College of Computer Science and Technology.
	
M.B.A
(Finance)
	S.V.U University, Tirupathi.
	
2013
	
To
	
2015
	
       71%


 	






                   
              
Personal Information:

Name				:         A.Sreemallika
Date of Birth			:         21-4-1993
Father’s Name			:         A.Ramanjina Reddy
Address	:         Andepalli [V, P]
	:         Kambadur [M], Anantapuram-[D] A.P-515765
Gender				:         Female
Marital Status			:         Single
Nationality				:         Indian
Languages Known	                        :         English and Telugu, Kannada
      Notice Period                                  :         30 Days.


Declaration:


        I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and if anything found incorrect in future, I assure you that, I will be responsible to it.

 

Place:  Bangalore
Date :								                                                       
                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                     (A.Sreemallika)


















