














































 

P a g e  1  o f  3  

VIJAY MISHRA 
Mail id: - vijay_1982delhi@yahoo.co.in / vijay1982delhi@gmail.com 

Mob no: -  9646060204 

 Workforce Management   Analytics   Project Management Operations 

Career Objective: - 
Willing to work hard towards the Quality work and to achieve the goals set by an Organization. Armed with a logical approach and  
analytical mind, equipped with latest skills, endowed with a vision that seeks to look beyond the obvious and driven by the urge to  
learn Incessantly, I wish to carve out a niche for myself in this fiercely competitive world through the strength of my beliefs and my  
character. 
 
Key Skills and Expertise 

 Handled inbound/Outbound Contact Center 

 Familiarity with contact center technology, Workforce Management software and solutions 

 Strong business, operational and procedural knowledge of contact center operations 

 Managing SLA’s (Service level, C-SAT, Quality) for Process 

 Determine Operational strategies by conducting performance reviews, Capacity planning, Cost and Budget Analysis 

 Contributing in information and analysis to organization strategic plans and review 

 Preparing call center performance reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing data and trends 

 Understands volume forecasting and is able to analyze historical data to create accurate forecasts in an outbound and inbound 

contact center 

 Ability to provide clear, concise, ongoing communications to the organization regarding staffing and ability to communicate 

analysis and recommendations effectively with business owners 

 Strong mathematical, analytical, and organization skills, with data mining and analysis, research, investigating and problem 

solving skills 

 Demonstrated ability to use good judgment and logical reasoning 

 Exceptional reporting skills; including MS Project Planning, MS Visio, MS Excel, MS-Access (Creating & Linking Table, Creating 

Queries based on tables Delete Query, Append Query and Update Query etc.), MS Word and/or SQL to access, combine and 

analyze multiple data sources preferred (strong comfort level with formatting, Logical functions in Excel, Formulas and dynamic 

linking of sheets, graphs, pivot tables, etc.) 

 Already worked with the tools as AVAYA, Nortel, Corel, CDR, ACD 

 Also aware about the WFM tools like Blue Pumpkin, IEX, Irene. 

 Understanding of Macros in MS-Excel and MS-Access. 

 A self-motivated individual who excels with minimal management in a high profile position 

 Ability to work flexible hours and good sense of fun and life balance. 
 
Total Experience: - 12 years. 
 
1) Currently working with Advantmed LLP as a MIS Manger Since September 2017 till date based out of Ahmedabad  

Handling Reporting for Clients based out of US, Philippine, Puerto Rico with the help of MIS Team (10 MIS executive 1 Team 
Leader and 1 Assistant Manager) 
Job responsibilities: 
1) Creating Core MIS and BI Team 
2) Forecasting and Capacity planning for HCC and HEDIS Project 
3) Projecting manpower requirements based on seasons 
4) Providing projection on retrieval based on milestone standard 
5) Providing Analytics on retrieval and retrieval source (Fax, Mail, Copy service, Client retrieval etc.) 
6) Daily huddle meeting (Updating Management and Team on daily performance and plan a strategy for the day) 

 
2) Worked with NovelVox Software LTD as a Project Manager Since August 2014 till June 2015  

Handled a Project for Jio Contact Center Application, Having 10 Java Developer and 2 Lead Developer 
Job responsibilities: 
1) Preparing High Level Project Plan for the Task accomplishment 
2) Daily Scrum Meeting (Updating Management on Daily Task and status on achieving the weekly Exit Criteria) 
3) Projecting the required Man-days based on the resources available  
4) Ensure the deliverable are delivered as per the plan  
5) Coordinating with other vendor and Client for having the service and test data availability 

mailto:vijay_1982delhi@yahoo.co.in


 

P a g e  2  o f  3  

6) PRMS filling and processing for client approval 
 

3) Worked with Serco Global Services Ltd as a Manager- WFM since January 2011 till June 2014 
Handled WFM/MIS for Vodafone North 26 Lob’s running out of 4 Site (Gurgaon, Mohali, Karnal and Agra) having centralized 
Team of 14 WFM Executive and 1 Asst.Manager 
Also Managed WFM for addition account Dish TV running out of Baroda and Airtel running out of Dehradun 
Job responsibilities: 
1) Scheduling as per forecasted volume received from client 
2) Ensuring the SLA's, Internal targets and Incentives are tracked down accurately 
3) Responsible for Forecasting, Staffing and Scheduling Accuracy for the process 
4) Preparation of rolling Manpower Plan for 6 months 
5) Responsible for sending out Indents to the Recruitment team on time and for a rolling 3 months 
6) Reviews information given by the Operations for staffing and schedule effectiveness 
7) Ensures preparation of weekly/bi-weekly schedules for the process 
8) Ensures collaboration functioning WFM department with the Operations and Top Management to enable timely assistance 

whenever required 
9) Ensures to meets and exceeds Internal/External client expectations. 
10) Effective client management 
11) Having weekly discussion on MPF with Operation 
12) Analyzing PnL and sharing Projected revenue, Staff cost 
13) Sharing EWS of the Process on weekly basis 
14) Publishing Manager Scorecards 
15) Attendance/ Payroll management based on login hours 
Achievements: 

 Joined as a Asst Manager got promoted as Manager  

 Got awarded as Best WFM function in Annual Pulse Award 
 

4) Worked with First Source Solution Ltd since September 2009 till 31st December 2010 as Asst Manager WFM. 
Job responsibilities: 
1) Handling the MIS for Airtel Telemedia Inbound process North & West Hub with the help of team having 4 MIS executive. 
2) Scheduling as per forecasted volume received from client 
3) Manpower projection as per current and forecasted volume. 
4) Hiring plan to be shared based on capacity planning for next 3 months 
5) Mitigation plan to be shared with Ops in case of crisis 
6) RTA & Break management by sharing the daily break roster and checking out the efficacy by releasing adherence report 
7)  Schedule adherence report has been published on daily basis against roster 
8) Weekly roster shared with Ops based on daily forecasted volume 
9)  Daily, weekly and monthly reporting 
10) Payroll & incentive at all levels 
11) Analyzing Repeat based on E-CRM dump and CLI data 
12) KPI & Monthly invoicing for all process 
13) Revenue forecast based on forecast volume 
14) Stack Ranking for Associate’s, Team leaders and AM’s based on their KRA, same scores are used for monthly appraisals 
15) Attendance management 
Achievements: 

 Exposure to Real time monitoring 
 

5) Worked with Tech Mahindra Ltd since December 2006 till 3rd June 2009 as Team Leader-MIS. 
Job responsibilities: 
1) Handling Tata Indicom Prepaid Inbound & Postpaid Email unit process having a team 5 Sr.Exec.  
2) Linking of CMS (AVAYA) database through ODBC. 
3) Extracting half hourly data from AVAYA. 
4) Forecasting calls on the basis of past call flow trend as per the AVAYA and roster manpower accordingly. 
5) Forecasting manpower as per the forecasted call flow trend. Real Time monitoring with the help of AVAYA & Break 

management system. 
6) Monthly Payroll & Incentive of the complete process. 
7) Daily MIS reporting including SLA reports, Agent productivity report, Daily Shrinkage report of the process, Schedule 

adherence report on daily basis, Analysis the CDR data based on which calculating repeat call, short call, Agent 
disconnection many other reports based on the internal & external client. 

8) Manpower tracker with the attrition percentage same was published to the whole process. 



 

P a g e  3  o f  3  

9) KPI & Process billing. 
10) Helping my team in automation by creating process note and logic’s wherever required 
Achievements: 

 Awarded as a Valuable Team player. 

 Team handling skills improved. 

 Increased Job skill proficiency. 

 Also able to understand and to manage the Internal & External Client requirement. 

 Motivating team to achieve the organizational goal and to grow in their related field with the Organization. 
 

6) Worked with ORION DIALOG Pvt ltd (Aegis BPO ltd) 30 months from June 2004 till December 2006 as Asst. TL. 
Job responsibilities: 
1) Handled Tata Indicom Prepaid Inbound process for Delhi, Rajasthan, Up-west & Up-east having a team of 15 to 20 

associates, insuring optimum levels of productivity and quality. 
2) Mentoring team members towards achievements of their professional and personal goals.  
3) Building mutually supportive relationships with co-workers. 
4) Assisting L1s with all Process and software issues was one of my primary areas of work. Also provided feedback to the team 

members to overcome their shortcomings. 
5) Performing Quality Audits: constantly barging into live calls, identifying weak areas of associates and providing positive 

feedback. 
6) Taken full charge of the team and handling team members in the best possible manner, motivating them to meet all the 

specified targets. 
7) I have handled technically difficult & Policy related escalated calls and closely co-coordinated with other support groups 

within the process to provide resolution at the first escalation. 
8) I have always ensured continual improvement in service, performance of agents, and growth of process. 
9) Motivating and training the team to enhance their contributions and enabling them to realize their full potential. 
10) Energizing the team to work with positively, optimism, Discipline and Self-confidence. 
11) Understanding & prioritizing customer needs. 
12) Setting goals for the team and motivating them to stick to the goals until they are accomplished. 
13) Having Knowledge of ACD (Automatic call Distributor). 
14) Generating reports from ACD as well as from eCRM making whole process reports. 
15) Publishing Daily MIS like Client reports, Productivity reports of all Agents, FI reports. 
16) Interacting with the Client on regular basis.  
Also worked with AIRTEL postpaid inbound process for 5 months as a SR.exe. 
 

7) Worked with MARKONE TECHNOLOGIES Pvt ltd for 15 months from March 2003 till June 2004 as a SR.Exe. 
Job responsibilities: 

 Worked for TATA INDICOM 155 out bound process for 11 months, SONY ERICSSON for 2months, Also Handled an IDEA 
Postpaid Selling Process as Process In charge for 2 months. 

8) Worked with ORION DIALOG Pvt ltd as a CCE in AIRTEL Non Voice Process for 4 months from November 2002 till March 2003. 
 
Educational Qualification: -    B.com Graduate from Kalinga University. 
Technical Qualification: - Done edast 2yr Diploma Course in Informational Technology. 
 
Personal Information: -  
Fathers Name Sh. Aditya Kumar Mishra 
Date of Birth 12th Feb 1982 
Sex Male 
Nationality Indian 
Language Known Hindi, English, Marathi, Punjabi 
Hobby Riding Bike, listen music, Net Surfing. 
 
 
Place_________ 
Date___/___/___      Yours Sincerely   
    

(VIJAY MISHRA) 


