













































caracal.docx


 

                             Pritam Sau 
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

4 years 7 months experience in accounting and auditing 

Senpukur, Budge Budge, Kolkata – 700137, West Bengal 

+91.08013636702 

pritam.sau@outlook.com 
 

 
Work Experience  

 

 I started my professional career exactly 4 years 7 months back with DPSV and Associates LLP, 
Chartered Accountants. I completed 3 years articleship training being a student of Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India on 4th March, 2017 and after that I joined over there as an accounts 
and audit assistant. From last 2 years I am providing accounts advisory and assurance services to the 
renowned jewellers, M P Jewellers GB and Co. 

 

 
Work Profile 

 
 

 

Accounts advisory and assurance services of some major clients: 

Client Name Industry 

 M P Jewellers GB and Co.  Jewellery  

 Teleminds Infotech Private Ltd.  International telemarketing  

Securities Printing and Minting Corporation of India Ltd. Coin manufacturing 

 
Internal audits of some major clients: 

 Client Name   Industry  

 Anmol Biscuits Limited   Biscuits, cakes manufacturing  

 Mukund Foods Limited   Biscuits, cakes manufacturing  

 Adhunik Group of Companies   Iron ore mines 

 

 
Roles & Responsibilities  

 
 Preparation of final accounts. 
 Valuation of stock of jewellery ornaments. 
 Preparation of cash flow statement. 
 Preparation monthly budget and month end variance analysis. 
 Preparation of bank reconciliation, inter-unit reconciliation and stock reconciliation. 
 Preparation of various MIS reports for managerial decision making. 
 Checking interest calculation on cash credit account. 
 Filing GSTR 3B, GSTR 1 and have vast knowledge about GST. 
 Payroll processing for 500+ employees on monthly basis on scheduled deadlines. 
 Monitoring and reviewing revenue and capital expenditures. 
 Ensuring timely closure of expenses and provisions. 
 Compliances of all statutory liabilities and returns like PF, ESI, TDS, Service Tax, VAT, Income Tax and 

Professional Tax. 
 Co-ordination & discussion with internal auditor & statutory auditor.  
 Handling company law matters and ROC related fillings.  
 Preparation of income tax return for various assesses i.e. individuals, companies, firms etc.  

 
 



 
IT Proficiency 

 
 

 
 Working knowledge in SAP and Tally ERP9 packages.   
 Expert in Advanced Excel. 
 Experienced in working with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. 
 

    Professional Qualification  
 

Particulars Name of Institution Year of Passing 

CA IPCC ( Gr-I ) ICAI Nov 2013 

CA CPT ICAI Dec 2011 
 

    Academic Qualification  
 

 

         Project Experience  
 

Prepared and presented project work on “Corporate Governance and Corporate Social 
Responsibility” recommended by Calcutta University and “How Investor Sentiment Effect on Stock 
Market” supervised by honorary associate professor Subrata Sarkar. 

 

 
Languages 

 
 

 
 

  

 
Personal 

 
 

 

Father’s Name -  Bibhuprasad Sau 
Date of Birth -  4th September, 1993 
Nationality  -  Indian 
Gender  -  Male 

 
 
 
 
Place - Kolkata  
Date – 27thJuly, 2018                              Signature  

Particulars Name of Board/University Year of Passing Division 

B. Com. (Honours) University of Calcutta 2013 2nd 

Higher Secondary 
Examination 

West Bengal Council of Higher 
Secondary Education 

2010 1st 

Secondary Examination West Bengal Board of Secondary 
Education 

2008 1st 

Particulars Read Write Speak 

English    
Hindi    
Bengali    


