













































SOUMITRA DAS

SOUMITRA DAS








	Date of birth
	: 31/10/1982.


	Sex
	: Male.


	Nationality
	: Indian.


	Father’s Name
	: Late Arjun Kumar Das.


Academic Qualification     : Completed Engineering (B.Tech.) in Information





Technology from Haldia Institute of Technology.   

	Exam
	Board/University
	Year of Passing
	Marks
(%)
	SGPA
(Out of 10)

	AISSE
	CBSE
	1998
	78
	-

	AISSCE
	CBSE
	2000
	80.8
	-

	B.Tech (1st Sem.)
	WBUT
	2002
	-
	6.67

	B.Tech (2nd Sem.)
	WBUT
	2002
	-
	6.93

	B.Tech (3rd Sem.)
	WBUT
	2003
	-
	7.07

	B.Tech (4th Sem.)
	WBUT
	2003
	-
	7.78

	B.Tech (5th Sem.)
	WBUT
	2004
	-
	7.23

	B.Tech (6th Sem.)
	WBUT
	2004
	-
	8.19

	B.Tech (7th Sem.)
	WBUT
	2005
	-
	8.77

	B.Tech (8th Sem.)
	WBUT
	2005
	-
	8.12


Degree Grade Point Average (DGPA): 7.69/10.
Current Location                       
      : Kolkata.

Current Organization                            : Currently Unemployed.
Experience



      : 2 Years & 7 months.
	Career Objective
	To be established as Software Professional in a Software Company and sharpen my skills as well as want to contribute to the company’s progress.



	Computer Skills
	Operating Systems    : DOS, WINDOWS, UNIX, linux.  

Languages                 : C, java2, PHP.

Database                    : Oracle 8i/9i, Mysql.
Software Package      : J2EE 1.3 (JSP, Servlets, JDBC),Struts, Big

                                     Data(Hadoop), SAP ABAP.

Software Technologies: JavaScript, Ajax, CSS.

         

	Industrial Training & Projects
	Industrial Training done at Globsyn Software finishing school on Java Technologies.
PROJECTS:
1. The project which I had done during summer training was ‘SUPER-SIX ONLINE SHOPPING MALL’ using J2EE as front-end and Oracle 9i as back-end database. In ‘SUPER-SIX ONLINE SHOPPING MALL’ one can register and then by logging in with login-id and password he/she can view the available products and finally can buy the items. Java Servlets were used and the database was Oracle 9i. Database connectivity was done by JDBC. Team size was seven and project took 7 days to complete.
2. The final year project of mine was ‘SERVICE INDIAN BANK’. In ‘SERVICE INDIAN BANK’ one can open an account, deposit money, withdraw money and also can close the account. Whenever a user registers with a login-id and password he/she gets a system generated unique pin number which the user has to enter correctly to avail bank services. The interest is calculated according to the bank norms employing the ‘minimum balance in a month’ rule. The interest is calculated twice annually. Java server pages and Java servlets were used and the database was Oracle 9i. Database connectivity was done by JDBC. Team size was 4 and it took 21 days to complete. 
3. I did the following project on my own. The name of the project is ‘SOUWHOO MAIL SERVICE’. In the project ‘SOUWHOO MAIL SERVICE ‘a user can register and then by logging in with login-id and password can send, compose, read and delete mails. It also shows the number of unread mails in the mailbox of the user. JSP was used and the back-end database was Oracle 9i. Database connectivity was done by JDBC and project took 14 days to complete.
I was the team leader on all the occasions.



	Employment History
Previous Organizations
Designation
Duration
Role/Projects

Intrasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
NOC Team Member & Special Projects Team Member.
Feb. 2006 – Dec. 2006.
The work comprised of monitoring apache servers which included restarting servers if they were down. Also worked as Special Projects team member later.
VTech Solutions Ltd.
Web Developer.
Oct. 2007- May 2008.
· www.cookepedia.com: It's a video blog where user can upload videos and view them. It was used with the licensed clipshare module including the smarty template engine. I completed the whole project.
I-Guru Solutions.
PHP Programmer.
Oct. 2008 – Jun. 2009.
· www.shavings-direct.com: It's an online shopping cart using the latest edition ECT cart module. The critical part was calculating the shipping charges which were based on driving distance between source and destination which I'd successfully implemented. The technology used was from Google. I was the only person who worked on this project.

· www.paretomedianetworks.com : It' a domain management system including features like Google Adwords, Google Adsense, Domain WHOIS Lookup, Paypal, Paypal Pro, Amazon S3 and etc. It's fully custom coding. I' was the team leader and 2 people worked under me.

· www.rio-laser.co.uk: It's an online shopping cart. The payment integration and some checkout pages were by done by me.

· www.brand-watch.co.uk: It's also a shopping cart. The payment integration part was done by me. It's using the model of previous site.

· www.calendarforacause.com: It's a custom website for accepting donations for a disabled US citizen named Ellen. The custom coding as well as Paypal payment integration was done by me.

Also there were numerous projects I'd worked upon successfully to implement small changes or to debug the existing script.
Technaissance.
Associate Consultant.
Nov. 2010 – Feb. 2011.
· Last worked on www.dirtcheapsigns.net site at Technaissance. The site is modified from old site www.dirtcheapsigns.com. We’re working to make it a new user-friendly, capable and strong site. The technologies used were JAVA, J2EE, Apache Struts, Hibernate and little bit of spring. The database used was MySql.
Personal Details

IT Training

Done training from Infouniv, Chowringee Terrace, Kol-20 on SAP (ABAP) & Big Data Hadoop (Big Data Architect).

Languages Known

English, Hindi and Bengali.
Marital status

Unmarried.
Location Preference
Kolkata.
Expected Salary
Rs.25,000 – Rs.30,000 p.m. (Negotiable).
Notice Period
Immediate.


	Major Subjects
	Data Communication & Networking, Database Management System, Operating System.


	Hobbies
	Surfing Internet.


Date


         : 

Signature

         :


Address: 224/215,  

Jaigir Ghat Road, Paneara, Thakurpukur,

Kolkata -700063, West Bengal.

Contact no: 9831046018(M)/033-2438-1018(H). 

E-mail: soumitra_das@ymail.com, soumitra.hit@gmail.com 





