







































  CURRICULUM VITAE

Y Satish Kumar

Contact: +91-7989727156
E-mail:  satishkumar.yenu@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To obtain a challenging and rewarding position with an organization which recognizes my
potential and provide me sufficient avenues for professional growth, through nurturing my
technical skills and competencies.

RESUME SUMMARY
Have very good understanding of Customer service operations and client Networks & having
around  4  Years  of  experience  in  Client  support  and  ISP  domain  providing  expertise  in
Network Solutions, business processes implementation and technical support.

SUMMARY OF SKILLS

➢ Passionate, diligent and focused Engineer with 3.7 years of cumulative experience 
as a Enterprise Network Engineer / Customer Support Engineer.

➢ Technical knowledge & proficiency in system administration, network maintenance, 
hardware maintenance, operating system Windows and the willingness to learn and 
effectively apply new technologies.

➢ Extensive exposure to a comprehensive range of team activities, ready to work in 
challenging environment.

➢ Demonstrated problem analysis/ resolution skills, ability to troubleshoot, solve 
problems quickly & completely.

➢ Excellent client management skills innate ability to build strong, lasting and 
mutually beneficial relationships.

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS

Organization: ACT fibernet Private Limited (ISP), Hyderabad, Dec 2014 to Aug 2018

Designation: Network Engineer-Enterprise support and Customer Support.

Roles & Responsibilities

➢ Worked under Client Operations and Enterprise SLA in ITIL process.
➢ Responsible for configurations, maintenance and troubleshooting of Domestic 

and Enterprise leased lines WAN links.

mailto:chaitanya.2me@gmail.com


➢ Troubleshooting of Enterprise customer issues regarding routing, latency, slow speed, IP’s 
DNS, VPN, WAN and LAN issues.

➢ Analyzing customer problems and resolve the issue with in SLA (Service level Agreement).
➢ Configuring HUAWEI,3COM, HP, CTS and VolkTek switches.
➢ Maintaining distribution switches and end to end user switches.
➢ Proactively monitoring network issues and resolving them in close coordination with client.
➢ Monitoring of Leased lines network circuits using NMS tools.
➢ Bandwidth allocation as per customer’s package.
➢ Ensuring no down time while changes and deployment of elements.
➢ Trouble shooting Wireless network issues of clients and getting them resolved.
➢ Compiling PRTG for Leased line Customers to monitor bandwidth.
➢ Working on ticketing system tools OTRS and MQ (DBM)
➢ Coordinating with Operations team to get resolve the Fiber Optic issues with in the TAT.
➢ Working knowledge of Network management tools NMS ORION Network performance 

Monitor, Solarwinds Real Interface Monitor.
➢ Maintaining 99.9% uptime of network of the clients.
➢ Prepare and maintain periodical statistical reports.

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

Network Tools: CRM ticketing system MQ, Fortinet VPN, PRTG, Solar winds, Operational Database.
Software: Xlite calling, Ameyo-Drishti connect, Anydesk, Team viewer, Remote Desktop. 
Operating system: Windows 7 professional OS, Windows XP, Vista, Windows 8.
Knowledge on: Microsoft– Office: Excel, Word, Power point, Outlook E-mail, Networking and 
desktop support.
Browsers: IE, Chrome, Firefox, Safari

HARDWARE

➢ Basic knowledge of computer assembling and maintenance.\
➢ Troubleshooting hardware and software problems.
➢ Installing and configuring the peripherals, components and drivers.
➢ Installing software and application to user standards.



EDUCATION

B.Tech (Information technology) from JNTU Hyderabad, Adams Engineering, Palvoncha.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Extramural Engagements:

 Organized events in college.

 Won district level Soccer competition under my captaincy.

 Secured First in 100 meters race in zonal sports event.

 Achieved second place in Annual sports events in long jump.

Other Skills:

 Strongly self-motivated, willing to take responsibilities.

 Problem-solving: Analytical and decision-making skills.

 Team-worker: Ability to guide and work with others.

 Can work independently, lead or work within a team environment.

Personal profile

 Father’s Name :     Y Krupanand

Date of Birth :     28-09-1989

 Marital status : Unmarried

Languages : English, Telugu, Hindi

Residential Address
:     6-1-278/B, Old cib quarters,                              
Khairatabad, Hyderabad

DECLARATION
I hereby declared that the information given by me is true to the best of my knowledge.


