












































UI Developer                                                                         M.Bhuvan  kumar
      Email ID   : bhuvank39@gmail.com
Contact No :  9533169452


Career Objective:
 To secure a challenging role in Web Development as UI Developer/Front end developer to provide an effective and efficient solution.
Professional summary:
· Having 1 year of Industry experience in providing User Interface & User Experience Design and Development. 

· Expertise in HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Wordpress, Photoshop.
· Conversion of designs into HTML5 (Responsive layouts).
· Great ability to write clear, maintainable, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.
· Have an overview, understanding about different features of Angular 2 like interpolation, two way data binding.
· Compatible in individual assignments through complete project.
· Possess strong analytical abilities along with problem solving skills. Comfortable in meeting new challenges and finding solutions to meet the requirements of the client. 
Educational Qualification:
B.Tech(ELECTRONICS& COMMUNICATION ENGINEERING) from S.R.K.R Engineering college,Bhimavaram in 2014.
Professional Experience:
· Working in [Exinent info solutions], Hyderabad as a UI Developer from December 2016 to till date.

Web Technologies: 
	Designing  Tools 

	Adobe Photoshop

	Technologies
	HTML5,CSS3,Java script,jquery and AJAX.

	Development Tools 
	Wordpress,Webstorm,Notepad++.

	Frameworks
	Angular 2,Bootstrap.


Project description:
Project 1:
Technology: HTML5,CSS3,Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery,  Adobe Photoshop

Role: UI Developer
Project Description: CloudFuze, a system that allows cloud-to-cloud migration. Cloud storage has provided valuable solutions for businesses. As cloud storage services have quickly multiplied, an entirely new and much-needed type of cloud migration service has emerged. CloudFuze allows simple drag-and-drop transfer between more than 40 different cloud service providers. 
Responsibilities: 

· Designed and developed the application’s front-end using HTML5, CSS3, Java Script,and Jquery and AJAX.
Project 2:
Technology: HTML5,CSS3 and  Adobe Photoshop

Role: UI Developer
Project Description:Exinent is a Magento development company building and updating ecommerce websites using magento.
Responsibilities: 

· Designed and developed the application’s front-end using Wordpress,HTML5 and CSS3.
· This application modules are responsive.
Personal Details:
Father's Name 

                     :   Venkateswara  rao
Date of birth 

                                  :   21-01-1993
Gender 


                     :   Male
Nationality 


                     :   Indian

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Name: M.Bhuvan kumar.                        





Location:Hyderabad.










2

