














































Priyanka Samjiskar
                                                                                                 Mobile No: +91- 8652788796                                                                                                      ​                                                                                Email: priyankasamjiskar94@gmail.com  
                                                                                            
OBJECTIVE                                                                                                                            
​Seeking a challenging and responsible research and development position where my expertise in Gas chromatography and other Analytical techniques will be utilized. 

SUMMARY                                                                                                                              
➢ 1 year of experience in testing laboratory. 
➢ Operational Knowledge of analytical instrumentation and drug development. 
  
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE       
➢ Working as Junior Chemist in Chemo Test Laboratories from October 2017 to Present.   

SKILL SET                                                                                                                               
➢ Familiar with compliance required for safety and regulatory environments. 
➢ Operational knowledge of analytical instrumentation like GC, UV-VIS, IR equipment, and data stations required. 
➢ Extensive knowledge and experience in drug development and working in accordance with GLP requirements. 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS                                                                                            
➢ M.Sc. (Physical Chemistry) First Class. From Institute of Science in 2017 
➢ B.Sc. (Chemistry) First Class. From D.G Ruparel College in 2015 
➢ H.S.C Second Class from Elphistone College in 2012
➢ S.S.C First Class from Social Service League High School in 2010

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE                                                                                           
Role & Responsibilities 
This role ensures that all requirements are fulfilled for a Research Analyst. 
➢ Performing analytical chemistry Assays, Related Substances & Uniformity Content based on new and existing methodologies. 
➢ Operating analytical instrumentation such as GC, UV-VIS, IR , & other Analytical instruments. 
➢ Calibration of instruments according to SOP’s. 
➢ Chemical Analysis. 
➢ Preparation according to B.P, U.S.P, I.P. 
➢ Writing technical reports to document analytical methods and transferring documented analytical methods to the QC department.  

PERSONAL STRENGTH                                                                                                        
➢ Strong communication and Interpersonal skills. 
➢ Quick Learner, able to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods.
➢ Ambitious and flexible with an ability to adapt to changing environments. 
➢ Diligent and always looking forward to learn something new. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION                                                                                                
Date of Birth: 2nd April, 1994 
Nationality: Indian 
Marital Status: Single
Languages Known: Marathi, English, and Hindi.
Address: ​2/98 Shivraj Bhavan, B.M Road, Elphistone Road, Mumbai 400013
I hereby declare that all the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

Place: - Mumbai                                                                            ​Priyanka Samjiskar
