
















































 				CURRICULUM VITAE

NEHA CHETAN PATIL.                                      	     Email –Id: nehapatilsathye@gmail.com
Andheri (west)                                                  	      Contact No: -Mobile: 8767773762
     Mumbai-58                                                                                                 Residence: 9870308165


Career objective:

 
    To work for an organization, which would permit me to attain goals and objectives set for itself         and through them, my own by giving me the opportunity to learn and grow simultaneously within the organization.

WORK EXPERIENCE

  
Current Employer		:    Ajanta Pharma, Kandivali (Oct, 2016 - till date)
Position                              	:    Research Associate
Role                                     	:    Method development, Method validation for newly developed
                                                          Analytical methods.   
Job Profile:
· Routine analysis and method development of API and excipient by instrument like HPLC, PSD.
· Perform analytical chemistry Assays and Related substance based on new and existing methodologies.
· Vendor evaluation according to COA and DMF, accordingly raising indent for column, USP reference standard.
· Preparation of COA after complete analysis.
· Implementation of GLP in analytical development laboratory.
	Last  Employer              

Last  Employer
	   :
	Cipla Ltd, R&D Centre Vikhroli, Mumbai. (July, 2014 - Sept,2016)

	Position
	   :
	Management staff (ADL officer)

	Role
	   :
	 Method development, Method validation for newly developed analytical methods.








	  Job Profile
	


	



· Polymorphic identification of API and in finished products.(Quantification  by XRPD)
· Physicochemical characterization of impurities, API’s and finished Product using techniques like HPLC, DSC, TGA, XRD and DVS.
· Perform Pre-formulation studies of API’s.
· Perform analytical chemistry assays based on new and existing Methodologies.
· Responsible for the maintain calibration track records of Instruments allocated to group and Performed Calibration of XRPD, calibration of Dissolution, TGA,DSC, balance.
· Solid-state characterization to support formulation development of solid and liquid dosage forms for generics.
· Analytical and pre-formulation support to new chemical entities in the preclinical stage and later stages of drug development. Pre-formulation involving determination of various physico-chemical properties and identification of polymorphism/pseudo-morphism, thermal properties, hygroscopicity etc.

Instrument Handled


	Chromatography
	:
	HPLC ( Dionex with Open lab software)

	Dissolution Apparatus
	:
	Type I and II

	UV Spectrophotometer
	:
	Agilent (UV Probe)

	Karl Fischer
	:
	Metrohm (Tiamo)

	Thermal Analysis
	:
	DSC (TA Instruments, Q Series)TGA (Perkin elmer, Pyris)

	Polymorphic Identification
	:
	XRPD (Smart Lab, Rigaku)

	FTIR Spectrophotometer
	:
	Thermo scientific (Omnic)

	Particle Size
	:
	Mastersizer 2000 (Malvern) Optical Microscope (Motic)

	
	
	


Significant finding


· Familiar with MS office and all other software used for routine use.
· Well known with current trends in USP and other pharmacopeias.
· Knowledge about ICH & FDA guidelines and having skills to operate Chem-draw, Chem- sketch software’s.






	
Examination
	
Institution /Board/University
	Class obtained Obtained

	
PGDM in Clinical Research and pharmacovigilance
	
Institute of Clinical Research India
	
Waiting for result

	
MSC Analytical Chemistry
March-2014
	
SNDT WOMENS UNVERSITY
	
First class

	
B.S.C. MARCH-2012
	
Sathye College Mumbai university
	
Second class


Academic Profile
















PERSONAL DETAILS





Name				:	Neha Chetan Patil.
Date of Birth			:	18th November 1990.
Gender				:	Female
  	Marital Status/Age		:	Married/27
  	Languages Known		:	English, Hindi and Marathi
  	Permanent Address		:              4C 402, Vahatuk nagar CHS Amboli 
   						Andheri (west) Mumbai-400058
      	Experience			:	3.4 year
Current annual income		:	353000/-

DECLARATION	.


I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief
   Place: - Mumbai	Your’s faithfully
                                                                                                                       Neha Patil

            	













