










































Vivek P Thakre 
Address: 11, Manewada old basti near hanuman mandir Besa road, Nagpur 

Maharashtra 440027 

Email :vivek12thakre@gmail.com 

Contact Number: 9923791283 

 

 

 

 Aspiring a suitable response to a position given in an organization that provide me an 

opportunity to prove myself and polish my skills through challenging tasks to improve 

myself  for the organization.   

 

 

 

Highly organized and detail oriented Office Assistant with 1-year experience, 

organized administrative support to the 3 senior persons(managers).Office Assistant who 

continually maintains a positive attitude while interacting with demanding clients. Serve 

as the primary point of contact for both in-house and external phone and website queries.  

 

 

 

• Excellent communication skills 

• Database management 

• Flexible  

• Social media knowledge 
 

 

 

Programming Languages - C, C++, Core Java, J2EE, HTML, XML,.NET.  

Database Technology  - MySQL,SQL, Oracle 11g. 

Subjective Knowledge - MS - OFFICE 

 

 

 

OFFICE ASSISTANT at Uttar Bihar Gramin Bank Bhawanipur, Motihari, Dist. East 

Champaran, Bihar 

• Ordered all office supplies. 

• Operated teller a teller at the bank 

• Operated and managed to do all the work as an office assistant. 
 

 

 

 

Secondary School Certification: 

Pandit Bachharaj Vyas Vidyalaya, Nagpur, Maharshtra.  

 

2004 

Higher secondary school certification: 

Shri Tajbaba Jr. College, Sanjay Gandhi nagar, Mhalgi nagar ring road, 

 Nagpur, Maharashtra. 

 

 

 

2001 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

OBJECTIVE 

SKILLS 

WORK HISTORY 

EDUCATION 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

mailto:vivek12thakre@gmail.com


2010 

Maharashtra state board of technical eduction Diploma: 

Diploma in Information Technology 

Late Vasantdada Pandav Polytechnic, Nagpur Maharashtra  

 

2013 

Graduation: 

 Rashtrasant Tukdoji Maharaj Nagpur University. 

Bachelor of Engineering In Information Technology. 

From Smt Radhikatai Pandav College Of Engineering, Nagpur, Maharashtra. 

 

 

 

 

• C,C++,VB6.0 from Shree computer Institute Nagpur. 
 

 

 

• Class Coordinator in Graduation. 

• Committee head of technical event “Technoparv” at collage. 

• Committee member of collage annual function “UDAN”.  

• Organized various cultural events at college. 
 

 

 

Fathers Name  : Mr. Purushottamrao P. Thakre 

Date of Birth  : 31-05-1986 

Sex   : Male 

Marital Status  : Married 

Hobbies  : Cooking, collecting Coins, Travelling, playing cricket. 

Languages Known : English, Marathi and Hindi. 

Nationality  : Indian 

 

 

 

 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my 

knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned 

particulars. 

 

 

Date : 

 

Place : Nagpur 

 

      

          Signature 

 

Certification 

ACHEIVEMENTS 

 

 

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

 

 

DECLARATION 

 

 


