


















































Résumé
Sukaina Fatima
 (M): +91 8374 464 272
Email: sukainaf93@gmail.com

Objective: To have a growth oriented and challenging career, wherein I can contribute my knowledge and skills to the organization and enhance my experience through continuous learning and teamwork.

Academic Qualification:

Undergraduate Details:
Completed Bachelor’s of Commerce (B.Com) scoring 58% with Computers as honors subjects from Osmania University in the year 2014.

	INSTITUTION
	UNIVERSITY
	YEARLY AGGREGATE
	AGGREGATE

	St. Mary’s College. Yousufguda (Hyderabad)
	Osmania University
	3rd
	50.5%
	51.9%

	
	
	2nd
	54%
	

	
	
	1st
	51.1%
	



School Education Details:
	EXAMINATION
	INSTITUTION
	BOARD / UNIVERSITY
	YEAR OF PASSING
	PERCENTAGE

	Higher Secondary Examination
	St. Mary’s College (Yousufguda)
	Board Of Intermediate Education. A.P.
	2011
	47.6%

	Secondary Examination
	St. Alphonsus High School
	Board Of 
Secondary Education. A.P.
	2008
	56.3%



Work Experience:
· Worked as an Associate (Page Ranker) at IQ-Channels Pvt. Ltd. from May 2014 to July 2015.

Work Profile: As an online page ranker my work intensively required me to create new content for the website keeping the parameters of SEO in mind to achieve maximum number of views on the page. Also, to check for trendy blogs with high traffic relevant to the business and a bit of excel data entry work to organized and record daily traffic on our blogs and pages for reporting purpose.

· Currently working as a Customer Service Representative – Associate at Amazon Development Centre since September 2015.

Work Profile: As a customer services representative I have worked on international and domestic process supporting calls, emails and chats. I have worked on projects to improve the process. Before moving to speciality/escalation role, I have supervised training batches as Subject Matter Expert, as a SME I help them understand the process, audit their calls and evaluate their performance. 

Extracurricular activities and Achievements:
· Awarded as the most valuable player and master blaster at Amazon.
· Winner of English elocution and runner up for Hind elocution at inter-school competition.
· Was part of college NGO supporting underprivileged children and people effected with HIV.
· Was part of Women Empowerment Cell at college.

Hobbies and interests: 
· Like to read, into creative writing and blogging on Instagram and WordPress.
· Love participation in social activities.
· Love backing cakes.

Languages known: English, Hindi, Urdu and Telugu.

Personal details:		
Permanent Address: C/o Sukaina Fatima, House No #8-2-603/H/3 Road No. 10 Banjara Hills, Near Income Tax Colony, Hyderabad 500 034, Telangana.
Present Address: As above.
Date of birth: 12th November, 1993.
Father’s Name: Shah Alam
Mother’s Name: Mumtaz Begum
Nationality: Indian.
Gender: Female.
Marital status: Un-married.
Place: Hyderabad
Dated:                                                                                                                                 (Sukaina Fatima)
                                                          
