




















































Curriculum Vitae












Name: Likhith AR
Phone: 91-7204116032
Email: likithayyappa8605@gmail.com


Career Objective: -

To work in competitive environment where I can constantly Endeavour my knowledge and meet any challenge that I may face and emerge successfully and satisfy my superiors.


Work Experience: -

May’’17 to Oct’18: JLL (Google) 
Space Planner.
➢ Maintaining Space & occupancy. 
➢ Managing the portfolio projection.
➢ Forecasting space requirement for future assignment. 
➢ Generating weekly and monthly Vacancy reports.
➢ Managing the area allocation as and when required by Business Units. 
➢ To maintain regular updates on layout plan and seating plan. 
➢ To coordinate minor churn move and restacking project.
➢ Answer / respond to Client & CRES queries regarding the moves system and related issues. 
➢ To assist / train BU requesters to populate new move requests.
➢ To set up user profiles in the system.
➢ To make sure to support the user experience.
➢ Monthly vendor wise seat cost billing/invoicing and seat summary to be shared with vendor 
	leads.
➢ To share the precise seat count and headcount data with seat utilization to client.
➢ Discussing with vendor leads to understand their needs and to provide a larger insight to work in 
	a client location.












June’15 till June’17: ACCENTURE SERVICES INDIA PVT LTD. Capacity planning analyst

➢ Seat Management.
➢ Infrastructure Change.
➢ Forecasting and Capacity Planning.
➢ Resource Optimization and management. 
➢ Stakeholder management.
➢ Consolidation of seats as per project requirement.
➢ Allocation of seats as per cluster and movements of projects.

June’11 till June’15: ADITYA BIRLA MINACS PVT LTD. 
Senior Workforce Management Analyst

➢ Monitors call routing and flow real time.
➢ Conducts real-time analysis of all metrics for multiple Lines of Business - Forecast Variances, Service level targets, AHT target variances, Occupancy targets, staffing requirements, Attainment etc. 
➢ Handles all real-time offline activities (training, meetings, coaching, etc.…) 
➢ Identifies course of action or makes recommendations relating to staffing deviations (Extended 
	Hours/VTO, Schedule Adjustments, Skill switches)
➢ Monitors intra-day call and work volume as compared to forecast.
➢ Monitors real time activities related to staffing
➢ Reporting (Staffing Amendments, Scorecard Stats, Over/under updates.
➢ Monitors Advisor adherence/compliance to schedule and escalates to Team leader for investigation 
	if necessary.
➢ Makes recommendations and routing changes based on observations.
➢ Interface with business unit management as needed for escalation of service-impacting issues. 
➢ Manages special conditions within the framework of an Emergency Action Plan (i.e. Fire, Power 
	failures, etc).
➢ Analyzes schedule efficiency measurements as well as key indicators such as service level, 
	Occupancy for continuous improvement.
➢ Send all required reports maintaining time deadlines and accuracy.




June’2008 till May’2011: Justdial Pvt Ltd
Information Retrieval Officer for 2 Years:

➢ Assisting customers query with right information.
➢ Recommends potential products or services to management by collecting customer information 
	and analyzing customer needs.







Technical Skills: -
● Knowledge of MS - Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook)
● AVAYA -CMS Supervisor
● IEX Total View and NICE IEX
● KRONOS
● ACP Tool (Accenture Capacity Planning tool)
● IBM Tririga / Google REWS view
● Archibus Tool



Educational Qualification: -

	
Qualification
	
Institution
	
Year of Passing

	B.COM
	C V Raman University
	2014

	2nd PU
	Kabir Pre University College
	2008

	School
	Sri Vinayaka Vidya Kendra
	2005




Personal Information: -

	Father’s Name
	Late. A.P. Ramesh

	Mother’s Name
	A.R. Sitha

	Date of Birth
	06th May 1990

	Marital Status
	Single

	Nationality
	Indian

	Contact Number
	917204116032

	Passport Number
	L4309670 (Exp date 2024)

	Languages Known
	English, Kannada, Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam, Coorgi

	Interests and activities
	Music, Travelling, Off Roading

	Reason for the change
	To expand my professional boundaries.



DECLARATION: -
Given an opportunity to work in your esteemed organization and expand my professional boundaries, I will perform my duties to the best of my ability and satisfaction of my superiors. I am confident of my ability to work in a team.
I declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date:
Place: Bangalore	(Likhith AR)

