












































CV 
shamshad ali




permanent address

S/o Mustaq Ali




VPO-Sangala alias Skohpur Sangram

Email ID:-shamshadali872@gmail.com
Tehsil Malerkotla, Distt Sangrur








Contact No.:-+91-9417520872
Objective:-


To Work in Challenging Embedded Systems environment that gives me an opportunity for Contributing towards technology and professional development of the organization.  

educational qualification:-

1. 10th From PSEB Mohali (G.H.S. Banbhauri) with 70 % Marks

2. 10+2 from PSEB, Mohali (G.S.S.S. Amargarh) with the Math Chemistry Physics) With 64.9 % Marks

3. Bachelors in Arts From Sunrise University Alwar, Alwar  in the Year of 2016 with 62% Marks

technical:-


Advance Diploma In Computer Application From W.I.E.V.T with 71.8 % Marks

working experiance:-

I have overall experience 24 months in BPO Industry On year in Concentrix Daksh Pvt Ltd. at Chandigarh as a sales Executive in outbound and presently  working in Teleperformance at Indore in an International Process (Dubai Based telecommunication company and handling  Large enterprise accounts) in the same process served in different lines of business front office back office and email as well. Presently working with petvaluemart.com an ecommerce medical pharmacy based in California United States as Senior Customer Executive (Voice & Non voice) since Feb 2018.
Key Skill:-


Good adaptibily in any kind of working environments always like to take challeges in my work, time management skills, customer centric have callibar to hande the pressure of the work  love explore my knowledge, always keep to learn new things. Do extra efforts in my work.

strength:-

· Hard Working, Punctuality and Positive attitude. And have ability to take responsibilities.
Hobbies:-

· Travelling at different Places, Playing Cricket and cooking, etc. 

Personal Profile:-

Name



:
Shamshad Ali

Father’s Name

:
Mustaq Ali

Date of Birth


:
3rd Oct 1991

Sex




:
Male

Marital Status

:
Married

Languages Known

:
English, Punjabi  Hindi and Urdu
Date:-




Signature






