
















































K.B.MANJULA				Mobile # 9849307822
          Email: Manjukopardia25@gmail.com
H.No:3-6-93, Basheerbagh, Hyd-29


Objective: 

         My objective is to put all my efforts in all possible dimensions with dedication and to serve better utilizing of my skills, Knowledge and experience to co-ordinate various activities for the steady and healthy growth of the Organization I work for.


Work Experience: 

(March 2010 – Feb 2nd 2012):

Worked as a Process Associate in GENPACT

Job Responsibilities: 

Vendor Setup

· Updating talents record in SAP (Hiring Talents)
· Updating Beneficiary record, in case of talent’s decease and also updating the payees in the Sub-system (PARIS).

Minor Trust Payments (Uploads):

· 15% of the Minors earning deposited to the Coogan Block Trust Account 
And these amounts can be withdrawn only when minor attends the age of 18.

Uploads:

· Updating the Revenue & Expenses details in template and uploading the same in the Sub-system (PARIS).

Reconciliations:

· Reconciliations of Payments paid to the talents. (Matching between Sub-System and General Ledger).

Trainings:

· Training the new joiners about all above activities.


Achievements:

· Awarded for outstanding performance in handling Participation and Residual process activities independently with accuracy without any supervision.

· When I have been moved from Collections Executive to Finance and Accounting team I was appreciated for quick learning and dedication towards my work where I started handling many activities independently in less span of time.


(June 24th 2009 - March 2010) 

· Worked as a Collections Executive for Loans (ICICI Home Loans) in Genpact

Job Responsibilities: 
 
· Collection of EMI from customers of ICICI Bank (Home Loans) through calls.

· Updating details in Gencollect (Application), like payment of EMI, Pick up, Left Message etc.


Educational Background:


	Qualification
	College/Institution
	Board/University
	Duration


	B.Com
	Keshav Memorial Degree College
	Osmania University
Hyderabad
	2006-2009

	Intermediate
	Keshav Memorial Girls Junior College
	Board of                     Intermediate
	2003-2005

	SSC
	Mahabubia Girls High School
	Secondary School Certificate
	2003




Technical Skills:
	
· Technical Skills	      :  Tally, PeopleSoft 7.5, SAP(HCM)

· Applications		      :  MS Office. (Excel, Word, Power Point)






Personal Profile:

Name	:	K.B.Manjula

Date of Birth	:	25th April 1986

Marital Status	:	Unmarried

Nationality	:	Indian	

Languages Known	:	English, Hindi, Telugu, Kannada and Tullu

Hobbies	:	Listening to Music.



Declaration

    I here by promise that the above furnished data is correct to the best of my knowledge and   promise to act with the company’s charter (Rules & Regulations).


Place: Hyderabad                                                    (K.B.Manjula)





         	      
                    


	              			                                                                                             
