









































                         K

                         K.VENKAT SAI                                                                                  

                               Email:venkatsai.kandula@gmail.com
                                                                               Phone: 09866213170
	Objective


To associate myself with a progressive and professional organization that provides   a challenging and rewarding career ensuring a high level of job satisfaction.

	Professional Summary


· Over 1+Year of industry experience in Software development and implementation. 

· Strong programming skills with diverse computer science experience in Java

· Experienced in developing web applications using Model View Control (MVC) Architecture. 
· Good knowledge of software engineering concepts, techniques, development methodologies and documentation.
· Posse's good communication skills and customer relations.

· Good and an excellent team player.

· Innovative and accepts Challenges.                     
	Skill set


Languages

          :   JAVA.

Operating System
          :   Windows (95 to Vista), 

RDBMS                                :   MS-SQL

Web Technologies
          :   JSP, Servlets, HTML.

Development Tool /Servers:
  Eclipse, Tomcat, NetBeans.

H
	Education


· Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering from Adam’s     Engineering  College, JNTUH, during the period 2006-2010 

· Intermediate from Krishnaveni Junior Colloge during the period 2004- 2006   
· SSC from Triveni High School during  the period 2003-2004
	Professional Experience


· Working as a Software Developer in Varnar Softech Pvt.Ltd Hyderabad from Dec 2010 to Till Date.

	Project Summary



	1. Project Name
	Job Portal

	Role

Team Size

Duration
	Team Member(Developer).
6

June 2011 to Till Date

	Organization
	Varnar Softech Pvt Ltd,

	Environment
	Jsp, Servlets,XML, JDBC, Java Script, SQL Server 2005 and Tomcat.


	Description: 



This product is an internet based end-to-end e-procurement solution for searching and applying for jobs. Employee of any MNC or consultancy can register in to this portal and post their requirements and other seeking details here. Job seeker can register for free and upload his resume and can search the jobs which are related to him. Employee can see the resumes of the job seekers. Those who are meeting the requirements of the company can get the mails for interview.
	Responsibilities:



· Involved in designing, developing and testing the application using JSP, Servlets, XML, HTML, JavaScript and SQL Server as database.
· Developed Jsp pages to meet the business requirements and also involved in Requirements gathering.
· Implemented input validation using Java Script.
· Involved in preparing Low-Level design and High-Level design Documentation.

· Active participation in the integration of modules.
· Testing the functionality of the controls
	Academic Project:



      Title


  : SMART CITY


      Environment                          : Java, Html, Jsp,Sevlets, Oracle.
      Role

               : developer and Coding.
      Description                    : Currently working on academic project titled “SMART CITY” which is a web based application which provides all the information, local news, transport details and maps about a particular city. This is being carried out on the J2EE platform.
	Responsibilities:



· Involved in Coding Part for Presentation Logic.

· Involved in developing web applications using Model View Control Architecture. 
· Involved in Coding server pages using JSP and Servlets.
	Personal Details



	Date of birth:           
	26/09/1988

	Permanent address    
	5-11-61,Ganesh Temple, Kothagudem, Khammam (Dist)Andhra Pradesh-507101

	Nationality:
	Indian

	Gender:
	Male

	Languages known:
	English,Telugu and Hindi.          

	Phone:                        
	09866213170         


I, Kandula Venkat Sai  hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

          (Kandula Venkat Sai)

Place: Hyderabad
Date: 

