
















































Curriculum Vitae

Anirudh K. Tiwari.

10/11, LIG Colony Binaki,
Vaishali Nagar, Near Vinkar Sabhagrah,
Nagpur, Pin-440017
Mob/WhatsApp .no:- +918698651509
Email- anirudhk.tiwari78@gmail.com

OBJECTIVES: - I want to utilize my skills to lead a fruitful growth for the organization I work for as well as my professional career and also want to consistently improve my skills and expand my knowledge base.
PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND
· Hexaware Technologies Ltd. (Nagpur). As Team Leader (Operations) Feb 2016 till date taking care of operational activities driving performance to meet up the client expectation and the management matrix. 

· BMS Tradecorp Pvt. Ltd.  As a Foreign Trade Manager Since July 2015. (Nagpur).
Company Profile:- BMS Tradecorp Pvt. Ltd. Is an export house for Agro products for exports all across the world having their marketing division in Nagpur.
Work Profile:- Developing new clients for the Agro products all across the world and       handling the existing clients and keeping a track of the exports orders and a regular follow up.

· Alacrity Solutions E-Commerce Solutions Pvt. Ltd.  as Sr. Sales Advisor since Feb 2011 till Nov. 2014( Nagpur).								Company Profile:- Alacrity handles day to day business activities for the client company   
which is an E-Commerce company in the United States having the head office in New York.	
Work Profile:- Worked as a Sr. Sales Advisor for an E-Commerce company generating sales for products listed online also making cross sales for accessories and additional warranties with the mainline products. 

· 3 Global Services Pvt. Ltd  As Sr. Customer Advisor for retentions from June 2009 till April 2010.											Company Profile:- 3 Global Services is one of the #1 Network providers in the United  Kingdom, Ireland and Australia.			
Work Profile:- Worked as a retention Advisor offering the customers some additional benefits to retain the customers from cancelation of the contracts.

· Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. As a Sr. Customer Manager from January 2007 till May 2009.										
Company Profile:- Accenture is one of the top 500 fortune companies in outsourcing all across the globe.									
Work Profile:- Handling the existing customers having car, home, pet insurance policies with the company. Also making cross sale across all 3 lines of products. Also got an opportunity to train the new agents and colleagues for cross sales for a period of 1 year approx.											
Achievements:- Was awarded the best cross sale performer for 2 years approx. 

· S.P. Stationers  as proprietor from September 2000 till January 2007 being distributors for Corporate Stationery Pvt. Ltd and Writing Instruments.					Work Profile:- Worked as Dirstributors for stationery products handling the responsibilities of a Proprietor, dealing with the sales managers from various companies.

· Worked for Family business from April 1994 till September 2000 as Sales Executive. 
Work Profile:- Worked as sales executive for stationery trading and distribution from shop to shop covering all prime locations in Mumbai.

OTHER QUALIFICATION
Diploma in Computer Application.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
1999 Bachelor of Commerce from Mumbai University.

INTEREST & HOBBIES
Listening to music, Playing Chess, Cricket, making Friends.

DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all details furnished above are true & correct to the best of my knowledge. If given a chance I shall serve the organization to the best of my ability. 

Place: Nagpur

Date: 		(Anirudh K. Tiwari)
