


















































RESUME
Bhupendra  D Thakre
Email: bhupendra08thakre@gmail.com                                                                        Add:-  Plot no.23,Patil layout,
Mob:- +919834336432                                                                                               Swavalambi  Nagar, Nagpur-22                                                                                     
                                                                      
                                                                                                                                     				

			                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Career objective										 	                
Intend to build a career in an environment for increasing accounting knowledge and contribution to achieve organization’s mission and vision. 


Educational Qualifications 										
· Completed B.COM ( COMPUTER APPLICATION)   from ,RTM  Nagpur University 
	 Qualification
	Board/university 
	 Year
	Percentage 

	S.S.C
	MSBHSE, Pune
	2004
	75%

	H.S.S.C
	MSBHSE, Pune
	2006
	65%

	B.C.C.A
	RTMNU 

	2010
	60%




    Other Qualification							

:  ADSAP( Advance Diploma In Software Application Programming), MS-Word, MS-Excel, Power Point, Tally, ‘C’ Lan., HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) .
work experience:								

Prepared numerous journal entries for two large head office companies.
Reconciled inter-company accounts with each site on a monthly basis.
Prepared and maintained supporting schedules for journal entries back-up, investments, marketable securities, long-term debt and interest calculations .
Extensive work with the Treasury System including integrating all bank transactions into the General Ledger and improving the system by solving certain unusual transactions as they arose.
Reviewed General Ledgers at month-end for accuracy and reasonableness.
Prepared tax installment payments 
Reconciled major bank accounts and Balance Sheet accounts on a monthly basis.
Answered queries from within the accounting group and the tax department about General Ledger transactions and balances.
Prepared and locate information for tax audits as required by the Tax Department .
Prepared General Ledger summary information on an ad-hoc basis and involved in special projects when required.
online bank payment  VAT , GST , TDS, Icome tax 
GST working & TDS working 
professional tax working
                                                                                                                                                        
         Previous working Information:								                               
2 year experience as accountant at shewalkar  Developers ltd from 1april 2010 To 3 dec 2012

Current working Information								                               
2 year experience as accountant at narke electricals pvt ltd  from 4 Dec 2012 To 18 Sep 2015
5 month experience as accountant at Loksuvidha  finance pvt ltd  19 sep 2015 To 08 march 2016
Glass N Metal India Pvt Ltd 01 April 2016 To till date




                                                                                                      


Personal Information								                               

Name 				:	Bhupendra  D Thakre	
Father’s name		:	Daliram  M Thakre
Nationality			:	Indian.						
Religion			:	Hindu.
Date of Birth			:	07/08/1987
Gender 			:	Male.
Marital Status 		: 	Single.
Languages Known 		:	 Marathi, Hindi &  English

Declaration : I here by declare that the  above mentioned is correct up to my knowledge & I bear the responsibility  for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.

Place:	
Date :						

	                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                  BHUPENDRA THAKRE
