



























































	 Abhivadan Vashisht 
 Personal Information
 Email :                       
 abhivadan.vashisht@gmail.com     
 Mobile :                  +91-8447788172
 LinkedIn :                 
 DOB :                        29 Nov, 1988
 Gender :                  Male
 Nationality :            Indian
 Current Location : Gurgaon, India

 Skills
 Database Development (MS SQL)
 
                                                 Advanced
                      Relevant Exp. : 4.5 years

 Data mining/Data warehousing
  
                                                Proficient
                      Relevant Exp. : 2.5 years

 Data Analysis(Descriptive) 
 
                                                Proficient
                         Relevant Exp. : 2 years

 Microsoft Excel
 
                                                Proficient
                      Relevant Exp. : 2.5 years

 Python
 
                                           Intermediate
                   Relevant Exp. : 1-1.5 years

 Team Management 

                           Relevant Exp. : 1 year  

 Certifications
 Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012     
(Certification No. : 70-461)
Professional Experience
Total Experience :    7+ years
Current Employer :  Cognizant
Joining Date :           17 Aug, 2016
Previous Employer : Accenture(July’2011 – July’2016) 
           


	  Synopsis
  An experienced database developer(MS SQL server) with strong knowledge of data
  mining and data analysis. Seeking career opportunities as a data analyst to exploit my
  experience and get more meaning out of data.

  Education
  2007-2011     Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communication Engineering
                           Jaypee University of Engineering & Technology, Guna (M.P., India)
                           73%

  2007                12th (Senior Secondary Examination), CBSE board
                           74%

  2005                10th (Secondary Examination), ICSE board
                            81%

  Experience
  Company : Cognizant Technology Solutions
  Project : XL Catlin Insurance (August’ 2016 – present)
  Role : Senior Data Analyst 
  Tools used : MS SQL Server; MS Excel; Python; HP ALM
  Details : Working in the Actuarial sciences department on a project that aims at 
  synchronizing actuarial division’s various data sources and bringing the conformed data
  into a single database server. The work involves analyzing the data present at different
  source systems, creating mapping tables and conformed codes so as to create a sync
  between the source systems by analyzing data discrepancies and fixing them and finally
  bringing these data sources to one level. Also managing subordinate resources as a     team lead.                 

  Company : Accenture Services Pvt Ltd
  Projects : 
1. Sunlife Insurance (March’ 2015 – June’ 2016)
Role : Database Development/ Data Analysis
Tools used : MS SQL Server ; MS Excel ; IBM Cognos Reports
Details : Worked on data of sunlife insurance customers from US and Canada, defining the data attributes for insurance policies based country’s laws and analyzing misallocated data and fixing according to defined rules. It included working on database related issues, fixing stored procedures and creating new, changing table structures and database design. Created and edited HLDs, Technical Specification documents, also created proof of concepts. Creating reports using IBM Cognos Reports and deployment preceded by Unit Testing.

2. CIO – Accenture’s internal project (Jan’ 2014 – Feb’ 2015)
Role : Database Development/Support
Tools used : MS SQL Server ; MS Access ; SSIS/ETL
Details : CIO is an Accenture’s internal technical support project. It supports all the tools used by Accenture’s senior management for resourcing activities. Role involved SQL development and support of two Windows based tools, which included taking care of the MS SQL Database in one and Access Db in the other. Role included adding/modifying tables, stored procedures etc according to the user’s requirements and data transfer using a fixed set of SSIS packages.

3. Hess – Oil and Gas company (Jan’ 2013 – Nov’ 2013)
Role : Database Development
Tools used : MS SQL Server
Details : Apollo was a legacy application for  the Downstream Gas distribution network. It provides various functionalities in regards to maintaining the vast customer database, the pricing, sales process scheduling activities billing information, processing of invoices etc. The leading Oil and Gas company wants to convert the legacy application into  .NET based win form application with some enhancements and new functionalities. Worked vastly on TSQL, functions, stored procedures and fixing backend issues related to the database.

4. MyLearning (Sept’ 2011 – Nov’ 2012)
Role : Database and .Net support
Tools : MS SQL Server ; MS Visual Studio ; Clear Quest ; SQL Profiler
Details : MyLearning is web based Learning Management portal. It is Accenture’s Learning Portal where all employees access online trainings. The portal has more than 1.5 lakh active users. Database developer/support for the website which included fixing MS SQL Database issues, adding new database objects(stored procedures, triggers, indexes etc) and database performance, working on complex T-SQL queries and fixing .Net based bugs.

Declaraton : I hereby confirm that the information furnished above is correct to the best of my knowledge.
                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                          Abhivadan Vashisht                                                              




