












































CURRICULUM   VITAE

CURRICULUM   VITAE

	Kalpana Singh
 

( Email:

Kalpss.8@gmail.com
Permanent Address:  
Flat No.711, Phase III-B,

Sea Winds Apartment, Alto Vaddem, Nr GSL, Vasco-da-Gama, Goa.
Present Address:

Flat No. 153 J, Trifecta Esplanade, Belathur Village, Kadugodi Whitefield. 560067

Telephone No.:
 

Mob: 9019258666/ 7411152363
 

Personal Data:
 

Sex            : Female
DOB          : 26 Oct 1988
Nationality : Indian

Marital Status : Married
 
 

Languages Known:
(Read, Write & Speak)

English
Hindi

 

Hobbies:
Reading books
Googling
Making friends
Watching TV.


	 Career Objective

To emerge as a dynamic management professional and be part of a growing organization, take up challenges that can utilize my skills and potentials through which growth can be achieved.

                           

Technical Skills

Applications


:   Work day and Service Now Tools
                                                :   MS Office (Word, Excel & Power Point)
Operating Systems

:   Windows 8 , Windows 2010/XP

 Professional Profile 1 (Aug 2017 to Jul 2018) – Can Join Immediately
            Organization
           : Thermofisher Scientific Pvt Ltd.
            Designation
           : Sr. Payroll Executive
            Nature of Job
           : HR Operations
            Duration
           : Aug 2017 to Jul 2018
Roles and Responsibilities
1. End to End Payroll Management for employees, ensuring timely processing of payroll data in co-ordination of third party vendor.

2. Handling benefit administration activities like insurance and Sodexo

3. Ensuring Compliances as per statutory laws (PF, Gratuity, IT,PT etc)
4. Managing HR Operations activities (On boarding, P-File Validation, P-File Archival etc)
5. Data entry in various trackers including their personal details for both active and inactive employees.

6. Escalates issues to reporting manager and higher authority.

7. Facilitate employees through Adhoc letter requests (Letter of employment, Visa Letters, Experience letters, Confirmation Letters etc)
8. Implementation of HR policies and spreading the awareness among all the employees through “Did You Know” mass mailer
9. Time and Attendance management of employees.
10. Resolving all queries of employees related to payroll, insurance, PF and Workday through ticketing tool Service Now.
11. Preparation of monthly payroll calendar and sharing the same to internal departments.
12. Processing third party vendor invoices along with placing Sodexo orders.
          11. Responsible for handling end to end Audit of entire HR Operations process          
                and procedures.

          12. Managing confidentiality of data as per company protocol.

          13. Liaising with Finance department for allocation and salary disbursement.
 Professional Profile 2 (Nov 2015 To Aug 2017)
Organization
           : 
Lafarge Holcim Pvt Ltd (OneIndiabsc)
            Designation
           : Payroll Executive
            Nature of Job
           : Payroll & F&F Processing
            Duration
           : Nov 2015 to Aug 2017.
Lafarge Holcim is a joint venture of ACC and Ambuja Cements. (Ambuja Cements Ltd (ACL), a part of a global conglomerate Holcim, is one of India's leading cement manufacturers and has completed over 30 years of operations.)
Roles and Responsibilities

1. Responsible for Ambuja Cements payroll process for both blue collar and white collar employees.
2. 3000 plus HC to be processed every month.
3. Validating inputs received from various locations of ACL.
4. Involved in end to end reconciliation process as a SPOC of OneIndiabsc.
5. Associated with MIS reporting like Head Count Report, Separation Reports, and Deduction Reports etc.

6. Handling Opco’s queries related to payroll.

7. Doing JV reconciliation.

8. Preparing one bank file.

9. Maintaining ICS control reports for auditing process.

10. Coordinating with other team members in payroll process.

  Rewards and Recognitions 
1. Awarded with best employee for one of the quarter.
 Professional Profile  3
            Organization
           : Aon Services India Private Limited.
            Designation
           : Payroll Executive
            Nature of Job
           : Payroll & F&F Processing
            Duration
           : Oct 2013 to Nov 2015.
Aon Service India Private Limited :
Key Responsibility Area: Handling End to End Payroll Process & Compliances of VWIPL- Pune (Fortune 500 and Super wing Client).
 Categories of Employees in VWIPL.
· White Collar

· Blue Collar

· Apprentice
       Volume: 4000 Employees Headcount.
· Specialized in F&F process where the process involved with proof incorporation, leave encashment calculations and Tax exemptions as well.
   Aon Services India Private Limited:
· Month End Activities.

· Setting up the SLA’s (payroll calendar) to client to ensure the smooth Payroll output. 
· Collection of Payroll Input data from client.

· Uploading inputs as per our database structure into the system.

· Processing Input and Checking Input V/S Output.

· Sharing draft salary register to the client and seeing any observation or corrections comes up.
· Calculation of OT(Overtime).

· Incorporating draft observation and sharing final salary register including Other Reports(PT,PF,IT,Recurring salary details, ESI, ED, Head count, Variance report, cost center etc).
· Proof incorporation of Investment proofs of F&F employees.
· PF/PT/IT deductions statements cross checking and sharing to client.
· Quarterly eTDS returns filling data support to client.
· Assistance in providing the Login Details , to be shared to New Joinees 
Payroll Hygiene: 
· Responsible for processing, validating and quality checking of all payroll related inputs regarding new hire data, CTC and, salary revision, Car lease employee’s CTC, LOP details, variable payments, reimbursements, One time recoveries, Over Time (OT) etc. 
· Master Data validating i.e. Bank Details, PAN, ESIC, grade wise Flexi benefit eligibility, reimbursement eligibility checking, Perquisite validation.
· CTC Data checking i.e. all components of CTC are as per norms of CTC. 
· Generating the Bank Disbursement Statement and validating with employee master.
 Full and Final Settlement:
F: 

· Responsible for processing full and final settlement of 100+ employees every

Month.
· Validation of additional earning and deduction, gratuity calculation, Leave
encashment calculations, Standing instruction, Perquisite and Investment
Proofs verification for the Tax exemptions.     

            Statutory Support: 
· Responsible for validation of  all the statutory deductions (PF, ESIC, TDS 

           And Professional Tax) and updating all Statutory Records.
· Generating, validating and submitting of PF, ESI, TDS and Professional Tax advice 

to client for preparation of necessary cheque for deposit of the same to the credit of 

Central Government.

            Post Payroll Activity: 
· Post payroll validation of Journal Voucher, coordinating with accounts department with head count details for the billing.
· Uploading Leave Details to generate payslips of all employees.

· Preparing Dashboard.
          Issue Resolution:
· Responsible for solving the grievances, queries of the employees regarding Pay 
slip, Reimbursement, Income Tax and Investment Proof through query 
Resolution module (Talisma Module) and emails.
· Payroll related Communication mails, announcements regarding the Tax proofs and deadline dates sending to all employees.
Professional Profile  4
            Organization
           :  Viaah Consulting Firm.
            Designation
           :  HR - Recruiter
Nature of Job
           : Involved in end to end recruitment process.
            Duration
           : 9 months (22nd Oct 2012 to 21st January 2013).
Roles and Responsibilities
· Understanding the requirements.
· Sourcing right profiles from job portals, social networking sites and Linkedin
· Testing candidate’s ability to crack interview rounds.
· Scheduling candidates for the interview.
· Follow up with the candidate.
· Co-ordinating with other Team Members.
· Handling pressures of tuff requirements.
Summer Internship  

Company Name – The Chancery Pavilion (5 Star Hotel)
Joining Date – 7th June to 7thAugust 2012.
Designation – Intern

The Chancery Pavilion gave an opportunity to do my two months Internship in their hotel. It was a great experience. The exposure in HR generalist profile was tremendous.
Academic Profile  

Course

Specialization

Institution

Year of Passing

 %
Post-Graduation-MBA
Human Resource 
IIBS(International Institute of Business Studies) Bangalore
        2013
72%

B.Com
Marketing
MES(Mormugaon Education Society) Vasco -Goa
        2010
 67%

Skills and Abilities
· Strong verbal and written communication skill.
· Possess interpersonal skills and can work well independently as well as a Challenging team member.
· Flexible and able to work well under pressure.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and I promise to abide by all the norms laid by your esteemed organization.
DATE:                                   
PLACE:                                              
                                                                                               Kalpana Singh



