

























 
 
 
  

Parul Choubey  
 

         ​Mobile​-7879002107      ​E-Mail​- 
Parulchoubeypimr1315@gmail.com 
 
                                     ​       Sukh Sagar Apartments-106,Ashok Colony/Katni (M.P) 483501 

 
 

CAREER CONSPECTUS 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
CORE COMPETENCIES 

 
 
 
Recruitment & Selection 
 
◉ Managing the complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources after 

identification of manpower. 
◉ Recruiting candidates for diversified requirements as per the company need. 
◉ Sourcing relevant candidates from various job portals like Naukri,Linked In. 
◉ Identify candidates using sourcing methodologies like job portals, networks, referrals, internet searches, 

and utilize internal database to identify potential candidates. 
◉ Handling staffing, recruitment, JD preparation, discipline, for employees. 

◉ Taking Interviews of the candidates over the phone in order to check their communications and as per the J.D. 

◉ Job Profile- Regular Interaction with the managers for understanding the requirement and business needs. 

◉ Handling staffing, recruitment, JD preparation, discipline, for employees. 

◉ Coordination with clients/vendors and candidates 

◉ Successfully organized campus hiring events with the team members. 

◉ Update all staff members for all the revised company policies. 
◉ Keeping/Maintaining all H.R-MIS records.  
◉ Update and implement all HR policies and procedures. 

◉ Prepare HR Data Analysis. 



 

Vendor Management 

 

◉ Worked with 80 Vendors across Pan India at Teleperformance Indore. 
◉ Daily co-ordination with the Vendors for end to end update about Hiring, Sourcing & assign daily & monthly 

Targets to them. 
◉ Managed empanelment process of new vendors & share required documents with Payroll Team for further 

process. 
◉ Organized Vendor Drives throughout Pan India. 
◉ Handled Vendor Invoicing issues & highlighting their concern to Senior Management as and when required. 
◉ Completely responsible to share their Monthly Joining details with them. 
 

 

Grievance Handling 
◉ Resolved grievances or queries that any of the employees have Escalate to the right level depending on the 

nature of the issue or the grievance. 
◉ Keeping the Records for Leaves & attendance on a monthly basis. 
◉ Monitored HR help desk & resolving grievance or queries that any of the employees have. 

 
 
 
 

Work Experience: 
 
◉ Total 27 Months of experience in Teleperformance BPO as H.R Lead 
 

Recruitments & Selection 
 
◉ Identifying and sourcing candidates that match the desired skills through job portals, database             

and references.  
◉ Scheduling interview for the candidates and coordinating with the concerned person.           

Maintaining and updating the database of the candidates.  

◉ Source resumes for various open positions through job portals. 

◉ Taking face to face interviews 

◉ Arranging & conducting the interviews/initial screening of the candidates including          

middle & senior level. 

◉ Handling staffing, recruitment, JD preparation, discipline, for employees. 

◉ Providing HR letters, documents, certificates as per the requirement of the employees in             

consultation with the management 

◉ Doing reference checks, background & employment verification, pre and on-boarding          

formalities 

 
 
 
. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 

  
 
2013:    ​B.Com(Hons)Prestige Institute of Management & Research, Indore(DAVV)  
2015:     ​MBA (HR) Prestige Institute of Management & Research, Indore (DAVV) 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 

 
2010    : HSC / Kendriya Vidyalaya,Katni (CBSE) 
2008 : SSC / DAV School,Katni (CBSE) 
 
 
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY  
 

Diploma in Computer Applications (DCA).  
 

Well acquainted with MS-Excel,MS-PowerPoint, MS-word Concepts  
 
  

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 
Date of Birth            : 11th Aug 1992 
Mother’s Name    : Smt.Anita Choubey  
Father’s Name    : Sh. Rakesh Choubey 
Hobbies                    :       Dancing & Cooking  
Languages               :         ​English & Hindi 
 
 
 

 

  
 

 

 (Parul Choubey) 


