










































Richard Anderson

DR. RESHMA M KOTIAN
7498070858,roshu82@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Seeking a career in a progressive organization in which I could leverage my skills gained through experience and academics for the development of Personal and Professional goal.
PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND:
Jan 2011 --- July 2011

Gandhi Hospital, Udupi
Here I worked under, Dr Harsha Shetty, who is my friend. My general idea to work here was to assist various senior dental professionals in their cases and learn more before moving to Mumbai.

Oct 2009 ---  Dec 2010
DR. A.V . Baliga Memorial Hospital, Udupi

This Hospital is a set up for the low-income group. It aims at service to the needful. It is famous for it Alcohol De-addiction Unit and Psychiatric Ward.

I was working here as a Dental surgeon. My duties include working on IPD Psychiatric,  Drug Abuse and Alcoholic rehab patients treating their problems, arranging self help, dental and health related talks and presentations for them and conducting weekly classes based out on topics related to ill effects of their addictions.I also work on OPD cases on appointments basis. I also visit the rural set-up of the hospital based at Haradi named Kamala Baliga Charitable Trust. This Hospital is also associated with a college named Dr. A.V Baliga college of Social Work,through which I have arranged talks in the college and also at various other venues on polio booth days, diabetic camps and aids awareness days and school meetings in various schools and delivered talks on Oral Hygiene maintenance. Bothe the set up clinics were handled by me individually.
Jan 2009 --- September 2009

Omkar Healthcare Polyclinic, Mumbai

Omkar Healthcare is a private set up. It houses many professionals under one roof for consulting facilities. 

I have worked here as the only consulting Dentist. I set up the department here on my own. The major patients who visit us are the locals of the area. Here I and a couple of other consultants set up free check up camps at the Hospital. We also arranged presentations regarding General and Dental Health and a free Check Up camp at Gorai Creek area for the FisherFolk there.
Aug 2008 – January-2009

Seva Charitable Trust, Mumbai

This trust is a Muslim minority based place, to serve the locals around. 

I used to work here only for the morning sessions for duration of about 5 hours. It helped me to learn a lot due to large patient flow. Here we have arranged Oral Hygiene classes at the Local Madrassa near the station at Mira Road. 

Venus Charitable Trust, Mumbai

This institute is at the outskirts of a slum area and funded by political leaders of a leading party.

Here, I worked only in the evening sessions for duration of 6 hours. It was majorly a mass practice.
Oct 2006 - Nov 2007- May 2008

Samriddhi Dental Clinic ,Bangalore
This clinic is a private set up at a populated area of the city. This is my first job, and has given me a lot of exposure to the healthcare industry.
 Initially, I worked here part time during my Internship training and continued it as full time. It is a state of art set up serving the locals of the area.

In this clinic, we used to regularly arrange classes at the Schools in the area for different sections and guide them with their Oral care needs. We have conducted many discussions here with the older generation and the younger generation regarding Health Issues.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:

· Achieved the Bachelor degree in Dental Surgery (B.D.S) from Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences, Bangalore in the year 2006. 
· Achieved F.A.G.E from the Academy of General Education From MAHE University, Manipal in the year 2011.
COMPUTER SKILLS:
Office Package


: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint.
Practiced Operating Systems
: Windows2000, Windows XP 
PROFESSIONAL ACCREDITATION:

Acquired Professional Affiliation as a Dentist from the Karnataka State Dental Council (affiliated to DCI – Dental Council of India) in the year of 2007. 
PERSONAL DETAILS
	DATE OF BIRTH
	25th Aug, 1982

	GENDER
	Female

	MARITAL STATUS
	Married

	NATIONALITY
	INDIAN

	PHONE NO
	(Mob)  +91 – 7498070858

	EMAIL ID
	roshu82@gmail.com

	RESIDENCE ADDRESS
	22/506, Shivganga CHS, River wood park, Kalyan-Shil Road, Dombivali (E), Mumbai - 421204. 

	LANGUAGES KNOWN
	English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada.


References
1] Dr. P V Bhandary

    Psychiatrist and Medical Director,

    Dr A. V Baliga Group Udupi

    09242124621

2] Dr Sharmishta Majumdar

    Gyanaecologist, Mumbai

    9764750512
