

















































CURRICULUM VITAE

 


Garima Ojha
Mobile           : +919874833008
Email               :  garima.ojha@yahoo.co.in








                       

Summary of Profile:

HR professional with 8.5 years of experience across HR functions like implementing of manpower planning, recruitment functions ,induction, employee retention, employee engagement, training & development, and exit formalities . 

Experience Summary 

Organization: Cognizant Technology Solutions

Role - Talent Supply chain - Staffing team member
                    Duration: June 2017 – present 
 
Job Description: Managing end to end activities for internal staffing, resource planning with Ops and delivery team, internal pool management, drive participation, various MIS and reports management

Role - Talent Manager/ HR Business Partner
Duration: March 2014 – November 2016


Job Description: Post recruitment activity and Process Management (Induction, Escalation management, Process building, CCA, Attrition Management HR-MIS reporting, Employee Engagement, PMS, Exit Management)

                    

    Role and Responsibility
· Business Partner: Provide advice and support to SBU management on employee issues and solutions. Participate in business meetings and implement and contribute HR strategy / plan for the SBU. Operationally manage & co-ordinates all HR activities of the SBU / Division
· Advising and assisting line management regarding HR related issues like staffing/selection, induction, training and development, appraisal, compensation, benefits administration, employee relations and grievance handling. 
· Communicate and implement all personnel policies and processes to all the employees in the SBU and ensure the adherence to corporate guidelines. 
· Responsible for day-to-day HR administration, operational activities and escalation management for the SBU, proper implementation of policies and processes and clarification of employee queries on policies, processes and other HR related issues.
· Responsible for Communication, Counseling and Employee engagement activities: All internal communications, interactions with staff, finding the pulse of people. 
· Organizing and conduction Fun on floor and Annual Fun event for all RCG Kolkata employees(Apart from CEEF)



Contribution and Credential in Cognizant Technology Solutions Private Limited

· Establishing end to end engagement model to help leadership transition for one of the SBU's
· Rendering support in establishing the CCA model for the vertical as it was a specialised PPS track
· Drafted quartely score card for associate feedback, basis their CCA role.
· Supported the other verticals rolling upto manager, for their end to end activities during TM PoC transition.
· Rolling of Career Management counselling within the BU 
· Organizing quarterly R&R program , Town halls with the leadership teams 
· Subject matter expert with regards to compliance and audit in the Business unit 



Past Experience

Genius Consultants Ltd.
Designation – Assistant Manager – HR - 22nd November 2010-March 2014

Key Deliverables:
            
Recruitment:	
1)Online search  and job postings  on job portals like Naukri/ Times Job & LinkedIn for all branches and driving employee referral scheme. Have handled both senior and junior position.
2)Taking HR round of personal/telephonic interviews.
4)Coordinating with the branches for interviews. Negotating on compensation, making offer and appointment letter.
5)Doing Joining formalities, documentation and managing personal database for  the new joinees.
6) Onboarding and Corporate HR induction process.

MIS:
Making monthly and weekly MIS report on Recruitment, Joining In Pipeline, Attrition & Employee Master MIS.

Employee Enagagment
1)Handling employee enagaement activities like “Fun @ Work”,”Annul Awards”,”Long Service Awards” and other employee engagement initiatives.
2)Being an integral part of “Genius Award Night”.




Training
1) Coordinating training programmes PAN India .
2)Asssisting in Training Feedback
   
  Database Management:
 Maintaining employee database and online applicant database.Online CVs application         
 management for future use.

Awards & Accolades :

1. Winner of “The most Courteous Member of the Team”
2. Awarded by MD for special contribution in “Genius Award Nite”
3. Winner of “Personality of the Month Award”

Previous Company – ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Designation – Member – Recruitment Cell – 1st June 2010 – 20th November 2010 

Key Deliverables:

Recruitment:
1. Handling Pan India recruitments across functions and positions.
2. 2)Taking initial round of personal/telephonic interviews.
3. 3)Coordinating  for interviews across branches. 
4. 5)Doing Joining formalities,documentation and making personal files for  the new joinees (for East).
5. 6) Onboarding and induction process.


Professional Project Detail:

Project Title: Attrition Analysis at India Infoline Ltd

Company: India Infoline Ltd. (Kolkata Zonal Office)

Period: April 2009 to June 2009

Project Objectives: 
· Analyze the recruitment procedure and recommend necessary changes to prevent potential attrition.
· Examine the post selection association between employee and the company. Role of H.R in employee retention.
· Retain the performers and managers’ and immediate seniors’ role in the same.
                     
Educational Background:

· MBA(HR) from International School of Business,Kolkata in 2010
· B.A (English Hons.) from Calcutta University in 2006.
· Higher Secondary in 2003.
· Secondary in 2000.



Personal Profile:

Date of Birth	:28th August 1984
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Bengali
Hobbies & Interests	: Reading books, watching reality shows and chat shows 
  
Extra Curriculars:

1. Captain of school throw ball team. 
2. Won inter college extempore speech – Calcutta University. 
3. Won inter college debate – Calcutta University. 
4. Participated in workshop on Behavioral Science and Personality Development.
5. Organised and participated in college fresher’s welcome.


References:

Can be provided upon request


{I here by declare that information given above is true & fair}


Date:                                                                                 (Garima Ojha)

