






































Resume

Nikitha Govind
9491539018
Personal Email:    nikithagovind4444@gmail.com






Career Objective

To excel as Software professional and hold up a position in corporate world through diligence and dedication and ensure my highest contribution towards the organization I work with. 
Technical Skills

Scripting Languages:          HTML, CSS
Programming Languages:  Java, Sql, Pl/sql, Hive.

Databases:                            NoSql, MySQL, Oracle.

Business Intelligence Tool:  OBIEE 11g.
Tools:                                    SQL Developer, Eclipse 
Platforms:                             Ubuntu, CentOS.
Academic Qualification                                                               
· Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology (KMIT), Hyderabad
- B.Tech in Computer Science 

Professional Experience                                                            

    Zensar Technologies       Software Engineer                           1 November till date

    Zensar Technologies       Junior Software Engineer                1 August to 1 November
Experience Summary 

 Total experience of 3 years as an OBIEE developer
· Extensive work experience on all the layers Physical, Business Model and Presentation layers in repository (rpd).
· Configured Physical & BMM layer – import tables, Identifying facts, dimensions, created physical tables, join the tables, creating the logical tables and logical columns.

· Worked on Dimensional Hierarchies, Level Based Measures and Time series Functions based on Business Requirements.

· Worked on Repository Variables and Session Variables.

· Involved in managing appropriate security privileges on subject areas and dashboards according to business requirements.

· Worked on Answers, Dashboards and Agents.

· Developed report with filters, presentation variables, prompts, column selector, view selector, charts, narrative, gauge views, pivot table and other views.

· Created Dashboards prompts, pages, links, images, text, folders and guided navigation links.

· Good Knowledge on Data Warehousing concepts like Star Schema, Snowflake schema, Dimensions tables and Fact tables.
· Ability to rapidly learn new concepts together with excellent interpersonal skills.
· Excellent skills in understanding business needs and converting them into technical solutions
· Good Knowledge on EBS Functional flows O2C and P2P.
Project #: 

Client: Activision
 Role:   OBIEE Administrator  

1. Developed and designed various Interactive Dashboards and reports with drilled downs, guided navigation, filters and prompts.

2. Created various session, repository variables initialized them in the Initialization Blocks and also worked on presentation variables.

3. Worked towards the performance tuning of Dashboards and Reports.

4. Developed write back pages.

5. Implemented security based on LDAP Authentication.

6. Created security settings in OBIEE Administration tool and set up groups, access privileges and query privileges and also managed security for groups in Answers.

7.  Used iBots to generate and deliver reports based on business requirements.

8. Worked with users on tickets 24x5 fixing the issues related to reports, agents, access.

9. Worked on Noetix views workbench, Administrator and Generator.

10. Understanding and creating reports based on the oracle EBS front end screens.

11. Migrating catalog from one instance to another.

12. Used the catalog manager and maintained the Oracle BI web catalog to manage Dashboards, Answers.

Final Year Project:

Title: Software reliability prediction using Ant Colony Optimization Technique
       Technology: JAVA
       Description: We propose Ant Colony Optimization Technique (ACOT) to predict software reliability based on data collected from literature. An ant colony system with an accompanying TSP algorithm has been used, which has been changed by implementing different algorithms and extra functionality, in an attempt to achieve better software reliability results with new data.
Achievements

· Participated in Microsoft India AppFest 2013.
· CSR Champion award at Zensar Technologies for active participation in CSR activities.

·  Active participant in all Annual celebrations (Vividha) at Zensar Technologies.
 Personal Details

Full Name



Govind Nikitha
Father’s Name


Govind Laxminarayana
Date of Birth


            04-04-1993
Gender



Female
Nationality



Indian
Languages Known

            English, Telugu& Hindi
Declaration

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.
Place: Hyderabad
Date:
18-08-2017






                                                                                                                         Nikitha Govind

1

