














































 
 

Debojyoti Mukherjee 
Ph No.:  9836733700 
e-Mail: debojyotimukherjee.09@gmail.com  

                                                                                                                                                
Human Resources Generalist with 7.8 years of experience. 

 

Objective: 

 

         To work with an organization where I could contribute my skills and abilities that provides an 

opportunity to grow in achieving the goals of my organization and to make best of my professional 

career. 

 

Experience: 

 

Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.         June’15 to till date 

Jr. Executive – HR 

 

Current Job Profile: Global Mobility LSS (Location service specialist) 

 Handling Quality Check audit for all locations before it gets submitted to the Embassy. 

 Handling Audits to track visa pages’ closure for US on a daily basis for all the locations in India. 

 Handling audits to track visa page closure (ROW) on a daily basis for all locations in India. 

 Involved in Checklist revamp project to meet up to the exact and correct requirements of 

documents that needs to be submitted to avoid in delay in visa stamping process. 

 Coordination of meetings on a monthly basis with different consulate. 

 Presentation and coordination Business Visa screening sessions for all the locations. 

 Handling the stamping process for all ROW countries. 

 Handling US briefing sessions for all associates travelling to US. 

 Preparation of SOP for different Quality audit and check processes. 

 Handled the US briefing sessions for all associates in Cognizant Kolkata. 

 

Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.                                                        Dec’12 to May’15 

Sr. Coordinator - HR @ Kolkata branch 

Responsible for entire gamut of HR generalist function for five branches 

 

ON-BOARDING, INDUCTION & ORIENTATION (Location TAG Shared Services) 

 Coordinating with relevant departments to ensure all things such as workstation, id-access cards, 

email account, bank accounts etc. are ready for the new joinees. 

 Joining Formalities and On-boarding. 



 
 

Debojyoti Mukherjee 
Ph No.:  9836733700 
e-Mail: debojyotimukherjee.09@gmail.com  

                                                                                                                                                
 Managing all related documentation and verification for eligibility criteria and also preparing the 

appointment letters. 

 Scheduling, coordinating and conducting induction sessions, feedback analysis. 

 

Employee Relations/ Talent Management 

 Redrasal of Grievances - To resolve employees related issues on priority. 

 To handle queries/issues with respect to interpretation of Policies and Practices of the Company 

promptly, ensuring little or no escalation of issues to the next level Organization. 

 Addressing queries with respect to policies, payroll, codes of conduct, etc. 

 Communication of new policies and procedures to employees 

 Employee benefits administration – child birth, marriage, insurance etc 

 Open house programmes and other communication initiatives 

 HR helpdesk in terms of insurance, medical etc 

 

HR OPERATIONS & ADMINISTRATION  

 To Maintain Personal Files - Joining formalities and Exit Formalities 

 Maintaining & updating employee database. 

 Manage all HRIS, Performance Management and Employee Development process. 

 Monitoring the general administration functions and co-ordination with other support functions like 

Finance/IT to ensure smooth operational activities. 

 Coordinating with our Insurance broker for covering employees & dependents; claims, etc. 

 

 Expertise in E- Storage – Successfully carried out for around 12,000+ files for Kolkata, managing 

Quality, accuracy in terms of files scanned and processed. 

 Maintaining daily stocks of P/Files process and scanned during the project period. 

 Coordinating with the vendor partner in carrying out the E-Storage project. 

 Maintaining the overall MIS.  

 

Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.    April’ 11 - Dec’12  

Contractor – Human Resources  

 

Worked as Contractor in Cognizant Technology Solutions, Kolkata Under the Payroll of DAY n DAY Services 

India Pvt. Ltd. 

 

Job Profile: People Connect Group (PCG) 

Role & Responsibilities: 

 Preparation of HR budget for Kolkata 

 Various Engagement Initiative & Employment Engagement Activities 

 Vendor Management 

 Medical Center management and conducting regular audit throughout the locations @ Kolkata  

 Monitoring Health Hazard of our Associates and take precautionary measures 



 
 

Debojyoti Mukherjee 
Ph No.:  9836733700 
e-Mail: debojyotimukherjee.09@gmail.com  

                                                                                                                                                
 Contributed towards conducting Celebrating Cognizant and coordinating with the vendor 

partner for putting up sets up across facilities in Kolkata 

 Conducting Compliance Vendor Audit on Monthly basis 

 Uploading and taking care of the Vendor invoices and ensuring timely payments 

 Involved in taking Pan India initiatives and getting it implemented. 

 

Awards & Appreciations: 

 Received excellence Award for Completing Phase 1 Digitization project for Kolkata 

 Received star Performer Award for the Quarter in the year 2014 

 Half Yearly Award (2016) – Awarded for contribution for Quality check audits for Kolkata locations 

along with the individual locations and also for revamping of the stamping checklist for all the 

countries based on the actual requirement of Embassy. 

 

 

Education Qualification: 

 GNIIT from NIIT Computers, Kolkata in 2011 

 B.COM (Hons) from Vidyasagar University, Kharagpur in 2008 

  

Computer Skills: 

 Packages: Microsoft Office Suite, Word, PowerPoint presentation  
 Internet Browsing  

 

 

Personal Details: 

Father Name:            Amar Mukherjee 

DOB:                           6th – December - 1986 

Gender:                     Male 

Marital Status:           Married 

Address:                    Regent Saras 2 Residency, Block – B, Flat # 3E, Vidyasagarpur 

           Inda, Kharagpur - 721305 

Present Address:      9B/2, Nafar Chandra Road, Behala, 

                                   Kolkata - 700034 

 

 

Declaration: 

I consign that to the best of my knowledge and belief the account of particulars stated above is true and 

correct.  

 

 

     -------- XXXX--------     


