











































Microsoft Word - resume ajay


CAREER OBJECTIVE

Seeking a position in your Organization to utilize my skills and abilities in the field of Management

that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible and to work hard with

full determination and dedication to achieve organizational as well as personal goals.

ACADEMIC PROFILE

Degree /

Course
Name of the Institution

University/

Board

Year of

Passing
Percentage

B.Com (PA)
Sri Krishna Arts and Science

College - Coimbatore

Bharathiar

University
2016 68.3 %

HSC
Lisieux Matriculation higher

Secondary School - Coimbatore
State Board 2013 91.75 %

SSLC
Lisieux Matriculation higher

Secondary School - Coimbatore
State Board 2011 76.80%

Professional Experience

Company– Oracle India Private Ltd. (18-Jan-2016 to 27-Apr-2018)

 Designation: Analyst, NAMER LFYS & HW Order Management

 Process: Order Management (Quote to Order)

Ajay S

E-mail: ajay.s95@hotmail.com Phone: +91-720 093 1139



Roles and Responsibilities

 Review order packages and validate against the Oracle Java Application, enter data in the

system and close all requests on time.

 Being SME, job role extended to operational meetings for arresting process gaps and

enhancing new technique to improve the business.

 Training new hires in the team, and conducting refresher training for teammates.

 Assist co-workers in month and quarter end closing.

 Take care of order assignments and submission process.

 Publishing reports like Input Quality Report, Weekly Dash Board Report, New Hire Dash

Board Report, Compliance Report, Quarter End Preparation Report, Reconciliation Report,

Efficiency & Tat Reports.

 Clarifying stakeholders queries via emails and calls and contact stakeholders to provide the

status of each request.

 Audit orders internally and provide feedbacks.

 Publishing Query log and check all the resolved and pending requests on daily basis.

 Support other LOB’s like online cloud, hardware, HGBU Global order management.

Additional Initiatives

 Handling escalations

 SPOC for Query Resolution, Input Quality, TAT, Efficiency.

 SPOC for new hire training process.

 SPOC for RCA on errors made in the team.

Awards and achievements

 You Are Recognized award trice for the period of two years for maintaining highest

productivity with 100% quality in the Organization.

 Brilliant Performance Award & Centre Topper Award for National Accounting Talent

Search 2013-14 organized by Indian Accounting Association.

( Place: The All India Accounting Conference, University Of Lucknow.,Centre: Coimbatore)

Personal strength

 Excellent communication

 Multi-Tasking and Team player

 Quick learning

 Problem solving



CERTIFICATION COURSE

 TALLY.ERP 9

TECHNICAL SKILLS

 Operating system: Windows XP, 7 & 8.

 Software’s : Tally. ERP 9.1, Oracle R12 & Office packages.

Languages Known

English, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam

PERSONAL PROFILE

Name : Ajay S

Fathers Name : V Sasikumar

Date of Birth : 30
th

July 1995

Gender : Male

Nationality : Indian

Blood Group : A+

Material Status : Single

Address : 14/30, JMV Garden, Subramaniyampalayam,

GN Mills (Post), Coimbatore - 641 029.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true and best of my knowledge and behalf.

Place: Coimbatore (Ajay S)

Date : 12
th

Sep 2018


