







































CURRICULUM VITAE
Aman Mishra

Permanent Address :  102, Sadar 
Bazar Cantt, Guna  (M.P)  473001

Temporary Address : 146,Srinagar 
Main Colony Near Anand Bazar, 
Indore (M.P) 452001

E-Mail: Aman95.Mishra@gmail.com

                            Contact: 9179349369

CAREER OBJECTIVES   

To join an interactive organization that offers me a constructive workplace for 
communicating and interacting with people, enhance my professional skills in a 
dynamic and stable workplace and build a long-term career in a field where 
opportunities for career growth are tremendously large.

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 

Grade Year Board Institute Marks

10th 2006 Chhattisgarh

Board

Sacred Heart School 76%

12th 2009 M.P. Board Private 67%

B.Com 2012 Jiwaji University Gandhi Vocational
College

68%

WORK EXPERIENCE

 Worked as a Technical Support Executive/Sales in Wipro for Talk 
Talk project (UK Client) in Delhi/Noida location.

 Responded to requests for technical assistance in person via phone and remotely for the 
following technologies: Windows OS based end points (Laptops & Desktops) Tablets & 
Smartphones (IOS & Android) and Microsoft Office.

 Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and 
software.



 Ensuring timely and professional responses to all the queries, requests & complaints received 
enabling satisfaction of the customers.

 Resolved Escalated customer questions, issues and complaints

 Worked as a Senior Technical Support Executive(TSE5)/Sales in 
Teleperformance for Yahoo Small Business project in Indore 
location.

 Manage the team efficiently to maximize agent utilization.

 Keeping the team and self-updated of all process changes/ process highlights, at all times.

 Tracking agent/ team performance on quality, and working with the Quality and Training team to
develop training schedules/ plans.

 Assist the customers in troubleshoot problems with Domains, DNS, Email Configurations, 
Protocols, Web hosting, Internet issues.

 Interfaces with customers to resolve 1st and 2nd tier/escalation customer service 
calls/queries/problems

 Making calls and doing follow ups on the same.

 Helping the customers in making websites under Yahoo Small Business plans with the help of 
MySQL Database, Wordpress, HTML, JavaScript, PHP

 Worked as a Subject Matter Expert in Computer Science 
Corporation (BPS) for Transamerica project in Indore location.

 Managing the escalations from the clients side.

 Managing the SLA done on the daily basis

 Managing the team efficiently to maximizing agent utilization

 Tracking agent/ team performance on quality, and working with the quality and training team to 
develop training schedules/ plans.

 Proactively identifying & resolving problems, - reversing negative performance.

 Keeping the team and self-updated of all process changes/ process highlights, at all times.

 Worked as a Senior Placement Executive/Marketing for 
EdSystango project in Systango Technologies in Indore location.

 Responsible for managing the end-to-end recruitment process

 Ensure continuous communication with corporate and clients for sharing information related to
job vacancies and available resource pool

 Preparing, examining and short listing candidates for the interviews

 Represent organization in job-fairs and other promotional activities



 Total Experience of 4years and 9 months Till Date

STRENGTHS

 Team player with good inter-personal relations. 

 Keen Observer 

 Positive Attitude

 Quick Learner 

 Perfect motivator

 Quick decision maker

 Good presentation & convincing skills

 Fair knowledge of MS Office

 Willingness to learn and develop personal skills

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Date of birth – 31 may 1989

Gender – Male

Mother’s name – Late Mainika Mishra

Father’s name – Mr Vishnu Narayan Mishra

Hobbies           –         Getting updates on computer technologies,singing etc

DECLARATION              

I solemnly declare that the all the above information is correct to the best of my 
knowledge and belief.

                                                                              Aman Mishra


