










































CURRICULUM VITAE

GOWRI SHANKAR.M
      

                        #5, 5th  Cross Street,

        




          


St. Anthony’s Nagar,









Thiruninravur
Chennai - 602024









Contact No: +91 9840172654








E-Mail: shankar.jas@gmail.com








Shankar_stars05@yahoo.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment. Willingness to learn and can adopt any kind of environment. Working hard and supporting team in all kinds of situation.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
	Qualf.
	Year
	Institution
	University\Board
	Percentage

	B.B.A
	2001 – 2004


	Sri Ram College of Arts & Science,

Veppampattu


	University of Madras


	61%

	H.S.C.


	2000-2001


	Angel School

Thiruninravur


	Marticulation

	67%



	SSLC
	1999

         
	St. Johns, Thiruninravur
	Marticulation
	60% 




PROJECT
· B.B.A – “Effects of Absenteeism in Industry”, Project done at - IndoTech Transformers, Thirumazhisai, Chennai.

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Sep 2011 – Present


Laser Words, Chennai





Subject Matter Expert

· Creating subtitles for English movies, documentaries & news reel

· Creating subtitles for TV commercials shows like HBO clients and creating subtitles for HBO news reel program (the march of time), In the line of duty (Video training for law enforcement), documentaries, about the large cities and their developments (Mumbai on the line , heart of Chennai, etc)

· Also creating subtitles for education TV programs like seminars and conference in the international universities, colleges and research centers and study guide programs, college and universities like Boston University, Albany medical college, Duke University and more.

· Also creating medical works subtitles for leading doctors about the psychological aspects, problems with human psychological problems, problems with human relationships, conflicts and remedies etc.

Jun 2005 – Jul 2011


Precisoft Services Pvt. Ltd, Chennai





Direct Medical Transcriptionist/Sub-Editor

· Converted the wave files into a word document with the use of officially provided doctors template for various hospitals 

· Worked with various specialist departments like urology, psychology, neurology, orthopedics and more

· Handled three clients with various specialist doctors, with a four member team supervision and given direct uploads of files to clients
· Works done with a typing speed of average 35-40 words per minute to transcribe the file
COMPUTER & KEY SKILLS

· MS-Office Package (Word, PowerPoint & Excel)
· Internet Applications.
· Typing speed lower level (maximum up to 35-40 words per minute).

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

	Name
	M. Gowri Shankar

	Father’s Name
	T. Mathura Muthu

	Date of Birth
	18-05-1983

	Marital Status
	Single

	Sex
	Male

	Age
	29 yrs

	Address for Communication
	No: 5, 5th Cross Street, St. Anthony’s Nagar, Thiruninravur
Chennai, TamilNadu-602024.

	Contact Number
	Mobile: 9840172654

	Language known 
	English and Tamil (To Read, Write & Speak)



                                                 Declaration
I declare that the information and facts stated herein are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I undertake to abide by the conditions of employment specified by the recruiters.

Place: Chennai  






Yours Sincerely
Date: 




(M Gowri Shankar)







