










































CURRICULUM VITAE

.

                                                        CURRICULUM VITAE  

                                                                                                                    Madan  Namdevrao Dalvi.

                                                                                                         Masters in Statistics

                                                                                                                                                  Email – mn.dalvi@gmail.com
                                                                                                                                                  Phone No. 09702822181
Objective

To be associated with a progressive organization that will give me scope to apply my functional knowledge and skills along with my hard work. I want to involve as part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of the society and organization.
Area of Interest 
· Sampling 
· Clinical Trails

· Epidemiology

· Multivariate Analysis

· Statistical Quality Control etc 
Current Job Profile 
Organization– Maharashtra State Health Society, Mumbai.

Designation- Sr. Statistician

Project – National Rural Health Mission 

Work Responsibilities- Data Analysis, Data Management, Report etc.
Work Experience
1. Organization– Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education & Research, Chandigarh

           Deptt. Of Radiotherapy

           Designation- Statistician
           Project –ICMR National Cancer Registry Programme
           Work Responsibilities:  Data Management, Data analysis, Reporting etc.

2. Organization – National Institute of Health and Family, Delhi.

           Department - Reproductive Child Health-II.
           Designation-   Technical Assistant- A (Statistics) 

           Work Responsibilities:

· Prepare the Questionnaire for Monitoring of District Hospital, CHC, PHC and Sub center.

· Data management of State Govt. Plan for rural health training and budget.

· To Prepare the Central Govt. Plan and reports for state expenditures and rural health training

· Data Analysis of National Rural Health Mission data and Reproductive Child Health Program uses various technique of statistics 

· Uses of various statistical techniques for finding the factors which is influenced the plan.
3. Organization - National Aids Control Organization (NACO), Delhi. 

   Project -“Examining the Barriers to Accessing HIV Testing and Counseling service         

                 Among High Risk Population in India”. 

    Designation- Field Investigator.
    Responsibilities – Prepare the Questionnaire for Data Collection, conduction of FGD. 

4.  Organization- Multi Vision Foundation (NGO), Haryana.
    Project- TI project for Female Sex Workers.
    Designation- Monitoring and Evaluation Officer.

    Responsibility- Maintain all Registers and Supervision. 

                            Supervise the functioning 0f ICTC.

                            Ensure monthly Report send to SACS.
5. Organization - National Institute of Health and Family Welfare (NIHFW), Delhi.           

   Project -”Epidemiological Profile of HIV/AIDS Situation at District Level Using    

                          Data Triangulation “ of Gujarat State.           

   Designation: Data Analyst.
   Responsibility- Data Analysis, state and National Report Writing. National Level      

                           Presentations.
Project Experience 

1. Title: Use of SPC techniques in Engineering Plant (Case Study of Badave 

                Engineering Plant, Aurangabad.)– 2008. 

Techniques      :  Sampling Methods (Stratified Sampling), Statistical Quality Control

Software         :  SPSS, MINITAB.

Supervisor       :  Dr.V.H. Bajaj, Professor, Head of the Department of Statistics.

Organization    :  Dr.B.A.M.University, Aurangabad.

Period             :  Final year of Post Graduation.
2. Title: Evaluation of Rajiv Aarogyasree Community Health Insurance Scheme  
               Government of Andhra Pradesh– 2008. 

                   Techniques        : Questionnaire Design and Survey Sampling

                   Software           :  SAS

                   Supervisor        :  Dr. Rahul Shidhaye, Assistant Professor, Indian Institute of public

                                            Health, Hyderabad.

              Organization     : Department of Bio-Statistics, Indian Institute of Public Health,  

                                        Hyderabad.                       
              Period             : First Semester of Post Graduation Diploma in Bio-Statistics and Data

                                      Management. 
Internship 

Worked with National Informatics Center(NIC) Hyderabad, as a part of two months internship in the Post Graduate Diploma in Biostatistics and Data Management course and done a project Integrated Disease Surveillance Project Andhra Pradesh, 2007- 08.
Academic Qualification 
	Degree and Diploma
	Board/University
	Year
	Percentage

	P.G.Diploma in Biostatistics & Data Management
	Indian Institute of Public Health, Hyderabad
	2009
	A

	M.A.

(Statistics)
	Dr. B. A. M. U.

Aurangabad
	2008
	74.25

	B.A.(Math’s, Stats, Economics)
	S.R.T.M.U.,

Nanded
	2006
	62.75

	H.S.C
	Latur Board,

Nanded
	2003
	40.33

	S.S.C
	Aurangabad Board,

Kurunda
	2001
	73.60


Workshop Attended 

Attended a workshop of “Epidemiological Profiling Of HIV/AIDS Situation At District/Sub-District Level Using Data Triangulation”

Organized by National Aids Control Organization, Department of AIDS Control Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt. of India, New Delhi.
Technical Skills

       Statistical Software’s:  SAS, R, SPSS, Excel etc.

 Extra Curricular Activities 

· On the occasion of National Science Day won First prize in quiz competition conducted by Dr.B.A.M.University, Aurangabad in the year 2007.

· Got 52% marks in fifth personality test conducted by Indian Institute of personality development in the year 1999.

· Got first division in Rashtrabhasha Prabodh conducted by Maharashtra Rashtrabhasha Sabha, Pune in the year 1999.
Personal Profile

	Father’s Name
	Namdevrao Dalvi.

	Mother’s Name
	Venutai

	Date of Birth
	18-June-1985

	Blood group
	B+ve

	Sex
	Male

	Marital Status
	Single

	Languages Known
	English, Marathi & Hindi

	Hobbies
	Netsurfing, Making new friends, mimicking

	Strengths
	Good Speaker, Work as Leader in the team, Willingness to work.

	Permanent & correspondence Address
	Madan Namdevrao Dalvi.

Nandkishor Trading Company, Main Road, Takwa Galli, Old Bus Stop, Kurunda, Tq.Basmat, Dist.Hingoli-431525


Reference
1. Dr. Srikrishna Sulgodu Ramachandra

       Assistant Professor 

       Indian Institute of Public Health

       Hyderabad.

    E-mail: srikrishnasr@gmail.com
