
















































CURRICULAM VITAE
Deepak Kumar Gupta
Address:                                                                         E-mail   :Deep4may@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                       Shamita suit Doddenkundi  Mahadev pura,                Contact :+91-8896332610,8618086410
Bangalore Karnataka, 560048
Objective: To join a professional organization where I can gain experience to my best with challenging job that will develop my career. 
Profile Summary
· 2.1 Years  of learning & developing experience in BI.
· Having hands on experience in QlikView.
· Creating QVD, QVW & distribution of services
· Designing the Architecture for a Qlikview project
· Excellent in scripting as well as in Graphical User Interphase(GUI)
· Server configuration ,Server admin & scheduling.
· Creating NSQ in N-Printing tool.

· Have experience in Requirement Gathering, Data Extraction, Transform the data as per business logics.
· Knowledge of Server admin, Qlikview Server activities, Scheduling, assign Calls.
· Involved in Server Configuration, Mount the folder on Qlikview server, Assign Licenses to users, Scheduling of tasks through QMC.
·  knowledge of Databases (Oracle, SQL Server).. 
· Possess excellent problem solving skills.
· Create reports in N-printing via Qlikview, daily send to user by mail.



Qualification:
	Degree
	Institute/School
	Board/University
	Year of Completion

	M.sc
	University of Allahabad
	University of Allahabad
	2015

	B.Sc
	DAV College
	C.S.J.M University
	2013

	intermediate
	Ch.s.s.s inter college 
	U.P. Board
	2010

	High school
	Ch.s.s.s inter college 
	U.P.Board
	2008



Software Skills:
	
	Programming Language
	QlikView Scripting, SQL

	Database
	Oracle9, SQL Server

	Platform
	Windows.

	Tools Knowledge
	QlikView,Qlikview Server(QMC),N-Printing,qliksense



Soft Skills:

· Very good team member
· Effective time management skills



Work Experience (2 Years):

	Team Computers Pvt. Ltd (Sep’15- Till now)





Working as a Software Developer
	Client
	Project
	Duration
	Role
	Environment

	Magma HDI: General Insurance Company 
	Business Enterprise Analytics at Magma
	Sep 2015 to 1 march 2017
	Developer
	Qlikview 11

	Bharti Axa General Insurance 
	Insurance Project
	2 march 2017 to till now
	Developer
	Qlikview 11



Responsibility: 
· Involved in all stages of the project development.
· Gathered business logic and requirements to design dashboards.
· Creation of folder structure to standards.
· Fetched data from source and stored in qvd’s.
· Developed ETL scripts for loading the data, resolving synthetic keys and loops.
· Data Modeling using Dimensional Modeling, Star Schema, Snowflake schema.
· Designing & Development of Analysis Reports, Charts, Scorecards, Dashboards.
· Configured expressions and implemented business logic using set analysis.
· Unit testing and Performance Tuning of all the report in order to reduce the execution time required for generating these reports and thereby improving the overall speed of execution and performance of the reports.
· Working on different Qlikview features like linked objects, Associative search, Container object, Dynamic show and hide of reports etc.

Personal details:
Nationality           : Indian 
Date of Birth        : 05 / 07 / 1993
Cell phone            :+91-8896332610
Email		  : Deep4may@gmail.com

Date									(Deepak Kumar Gupta)
