














































Manish Chaturvedi         

#9829900075, 9899648130 

Chaturvedim21@gmail.com, chaturvedim21@yahoo.com  

1
st
 Floor, H.no.742, Sector-29, Faridabad-121008, Haryana 

 

Summary: Master of Business Administration with 14+ years of experience in the field of Payroll & reimbursements, Accounts 

Payable/Procure to Pay, General Accounting and Reporting, Payroll Administration, Vendor Management, Reconciliations, MIS 
with exceptional analytical skills in IT Industry,BPO,HR Consulting & Outsourcing, Insurance & Shipping Industry.  

 

KEY SKILLS 

 Accounts Payable Processes & Management 

 Invoices/Expense Reports/Payment Transactions 

 Corporate Accounting & Bookkeeping 

 Accounting Standards & Government Regulations 

 Vendor Negotiations & Management 

 ERP & Financial System Technologies 

 Records Organization & Management 

 Journal Entries & General Ledger 

 Teambuilding & Staff Supervision 

 Spreadsheets & Accounting Reports 

 

Career Highlights & Core Competences: 

Worked from Aug 2016 – March’2018 with Maersk Global Service Centers India Pvt.Ltd, Pune as Team Leader- Cluster lead 

 Looking after day to day Claims/Invoice booking/Payment (vendor/employees) as per pre-defined process & TATs. 

 Payment and Verification of approx 1000 invoices volume daily for completeness as per Agreement/Contract/PO & ensure 
correct GL/Cost center wise booking say 3 Way match to avoid any duplicate and wrong payments. 

 Ensure timely approval of Invoices in Accounting software and Timely payment of vendor/employee claims as per defined 
TAT.  

 Ensure timely preparation of critical reconciliations- BRS, Vendor Recon, Advance to vendors/employee, AP-GL 
reconciliation.  

 Facilitate Internal /Statutory audit for Accounts payable process on periodical basis. 

 Preparation of B/Sheet Schedules, Provisions, Fixed Asset and Profit and Loss A/c Schedules. 

 Reconciliation of advances and other salary related accounts. 

 Follow up with Process Owner of Respective Account and Customers for balance outstanding. 

 Preparation and Contra marking of Bank Reconciliation and TDS A/c which are aged. 

 Preparation of Gratuity and Leave Encashment provisions as per Actuarial Valuation. 

 Preparation of Bonus and Employee claims (Reimbursements, Medical, Leave Encashment, LTA) Accruals. 

 Accounting and Reconciliation of Payroll related Accounts, Employee Advances and Travel & Entertainment Accounts. 

 Support TL and SDL in reconciliation reviews to ensure compliance with reconciliation policy and driving closure on related 
action plans. 

 Preparation of Financial and Tax Reporting and Closure of Audit both Tax related and financial. 

 Review of billed/Unbilled invoices and passing reclass entries and regular monitoring of Open Items for more than 30 Days. 

 Preparation of Unbilled detail reconciling various accounts during and after month end. 

 Preparation of Audit Schedules and Reconciliations closing of all Modules/Sub Ledgers (AP, AR, Inventory, FA, PA & PO). 

 Cost / Revenue Analysis on Weekly basis (Actual Vs Budgeted) (Prior Month Vs Current Month). 

 Monthly / Quarterly GL Closing and Reporting. 

 Compliance on Records maintenance & records retention requirements. 

 Resolving vendor and internal queries related to vendor invoices and employee claims. 

 Responsible for Accounts Payable process i.e., Employee reimbursements, Vendor payments, Forex issuance and Travel 
(Domestic & International) settlements etc.  

 Responsible for Month-end close process and Consolidation Financials.  

 Responsible for Payroll Processing & Accounting and handle statutory payments and other payroll compliances. 

 Liaise with HR/Payroll vendor & ensure accurate & timely payment of Monthly Payroll. 

 Liaise with all cross functional teams (Admin/IT/HR etc.) for month end provisions or any other issues/support required. 

 Responsible for TDS, PF, ESI, Advance Tax Payments and other Labor law related compliances.  

 Managing coordination internally with various departments/functions and ensuring smooth and hassle-free support for 
payments, requests for information and other activities.  

 Responsible for recruiting, training and development, and retention of team members, improve employee motivation and 
provide periodic performance feedback. 

mailto:Chaturvedim21@gmail.com
mailto:chaturvedim21@yahoo.com


Worked as Consultant - Finance & Payroll from Nov 2012 to July 2016 from Faridabad, Haryana 

 Preparation of payroll and Accounting along with Accounts payable ledger (Expense Accounting) with small scale 
industries and Establishments in Delhi/NCR region. 

 

 Taking care for the preparation of eFiling for the employees in coordination with the Outsource companies professionals.  
 

Worked as Deputy Manager from July 2009- Oct 2012 with Vertex Customer Solutions (India) Private Ltd.-Jaipur, Rajasthan 

A leading International and Domestic Business Process Outsourcer (BPO) and Customer Management Outsourcing (CMO) provider with 

200 clients in the private and public sectors. As the everyday face of our client’s operations, we have 9,000 people in 72 locations 

delivering consulting, IT, debt management and BPO solutions to clients in the UK, US, Canada and India. 

Job Responsibilities: 

a) Payroll Administration and Accounts Payable:  
 

 Managing & responsible for review & controlling of Indian payroll & reimbursement by looked after Time office, attendance, 
Leave Management, Salary & Wage administration. Responsible for timely submission of Quarterly eTDS return filling to 
Income Tax authorities. Review & responsible for of Form-27A of company & yearly Form-16 issuance to the employees. 

 Managing & responsible for review & controlling of Indian payroll & reimbursement of approx 800 headcount of the 
employees. 

 Managing & responsible for statutory reports like PF,LWF,PT etc. before finalization of payroll of the month as well as 
submission of half yearly & yearly return.  

 Analyzing & reply to employee queries & resolutions up to their satisfaction, also arranging & conducting Training session 
periodically for knowledge update of Team members. 

 Achieved in-demand status as a sought-after A/P temp worker, with multiple companies requesting repeat or extended contracts 
and making offers of full-time employment at the culmination of initial temp assignment. 

 Demonstrated the ability to fill in at a moment's notice, quickly mastering new systems, processes and workflows. 
 Resolved months of backlogged work, restored order and organization to processes/records in disarray, researched and 

solved billing problems and corrected invoicing and journal entry errors that had previously been missed. 

 Operated financial computer systems and furnished senior company executives with A/P liability summaries and cash flow 
reports that were consistently praised for their accuracy, user-friendliness and timeliness. 

 Handled the processing, distribution, accuracy verification and maintenance of invoices, interfacing extensively with a 
nationwide network of vendors and suppliers. 

 

Worked as India Team Lead-1 from April 2008- June 2009 with Hewitt Associates India Pvt.Ltd.-Noida, U.P. 

Operates as a Human Resource Management Consultancy. It also offers business process outsourcing and back office operation enabled 

services. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is based in Gurgaon, India. Hewitt Associates (India) Private Limited operates as a 

subsidiary of Aon Corporation. 

Job Responsibilities: 

 Worked as Team Leader along with reviewing and processing of End to End Payroll & Reimbursement for the 14 
clients with the overall headcount of 10000 employees with the supervision 6 person’s team. 

 Taking care of the team performance for annual appraisal and review as per their caliber and talent in accordance to company 
policy and procedure. 

 Booking of salary liabilities and expenses in the Financial books along with preparation of ESI/PF & other challans. 
 Taking care for the timely billing and recovery of the amount as per agreed contract with the Vnedors/clients. 
 Executing financial reporting and month end activities. 
 Dashboard presentation of MIS weekly/monthly to Management. 
 Managing reconciliation of key vendors, resolving vendor queries, Ensuring timely processing of payments as per company 

policies. 

 

Worked as Executive F&A from Nov 2006- March 2008 with Nucleus Software Exports Ltd.- Noida, U.P.  

Nucleus Software Exports Limited provides software solutions to the Banking and Financial Services Industry. For over 26 years, we 

have developed solutions spanning from Retail Banking to Corporate Banking, Cash Management, Internet Banking and Credit Cards. 

FinnOneTM. 

 



Job Responsibilities: 

 Worked as Executive-F&A where independently looked after the End to End Payroll & Reimbursement for approx 1600 
employees in coordination with HR department. 

 Preparation of monthly Payroll and reimbursement report for the timely disbursement along with booking of expenses in the 
books of accounts. 

 Looked after Vendor payable management by passing the entries in account books and issuance of cheques as per company 
terms and conditions of purchase orders. 

 Negotiation with the Vendors for payable days as per company defined guidelines for maintaining and availability of funds for 
maximum business utilization. 

 Issuance of Form-16 & Form 16A to the employees worked on company rolls or on contract. 
 Preparation of Statutory & MIS reports like headcount, salary expenses, PF reports, ESI details and other database. 

 

Significant Achievements:  

 Played a major role in the implementation of Biometric Attendance system for all the employees in Nucleus Software.  

 Helped to develop the reimbursement module and online web portal for the employees in Nucleus Software. 
 Developed the Leave Management module for getting the accurate data of daily attendance, Overtime and leave balances for 

processing of the monthly payroll. 
 Provide suggestions for the resolution of payroll software bugs and issues to the technical team for processing of error free 

payroll which reduce the count of employee queries in AON Hewitt. 
 Helped to develop the reimbursement module and online web portal for the employees in Nucleus Software. 
 Helped in development of the Leave Management module in Nucleus Software for getting the accurate data of daily attendance, 

Overtime and leave balances for processing of the monthly payroll. 

 

 

PREVIOUS ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE

 

S. no. Company Name Designation Period from Period To 

1 American Express (I) Pvt. Ltd.,Delhi Payroll Executive - TM May’2005 Nov’2006 

2 Blow Plast Ergonomics Ltd.,Delhi CSO-Commercial Sep.’2001 May’2005 

 

ACADEMIC CREDENTIAL

 

S. no. Education details University/Board Year 

1 Master of Business Administration  IASE University, Sardarsahar, Rajasthan 2008 

2 Bachelor of Commerce Dr. B.R. Ambedkar University, Agra 1996 

3 Intermediate U. P. Board, Allahabad 1993 

4 High School U. P. Board, Allahabad 1991 

 

PERSONAL DOSSIER 

Computer Skills: HRIS applications (PMS,Dynamics, Finess,Finnone,Fluous) MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook) 

 
Date of Birth:  July 21

st
 1977 

 

Date:  

Place:            Chaturvedi Manish 
 


