
















































 (
Resume
)
									
VIGNESH R							
Mobile: 9976227624
E-Mail:rvicky.46@gmail.com

	Professional summary:



· Hardworking, diligent and a passionate software developer with good exposure to Java Application Development
· Hands on experience in Java modules such asOops, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JDBC and MySQL.
· Possess good knowledge of Eclipse tools for development of Java Projects

	Career Objective:



Seeking a challenging assignment in an Information Technology organization which
Would leverage my expertise in Java.

	Core competencies:



Programming Languages: Java (Core & J2EE)
Database:MySQL
Concepts: RDBMS
Operating Systems: Windows
Java Technologies:core Java,J2EE, Servlets, JSP, CQL, JDBC and MySQL. 

	Academic Credentials:



	Qualification
	Percentage
	Institution
	Board/University
	Year

	MCA
	68.00%
	Arul Anandar College
Karumathur,Madurai.
	Madurai Kamaraj
	2013


	BSC CS
	70.00%
	Khadir Mohideen College,Adirampattinam.
	Bharathidasan
	2010

	HSC
	73.00%
	Arul Anandar Hr Sec School,Oriyur.
	State board
	2007

	SSLC
	86.00%
	St.joseph’s High School,Vichoor
	State board
	2005



	Projects:



HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE:

Modeling the solutions in internal HPE product configuration tool according to the requirements from R&D Team. Actively participated in the full lifecycle of software development including transfers from requirement to architecture, high and low level design implementations. Design architect, and test applications. Coordinate the integration testing for the HPE product Testing Team. Develop new products, troubleshoot product issues and research critical problems. Participated in the development of several major product releases like Gen10 solutions.

TECHNICAL PROFICIENVY DEMONSTRTED / ENVIRONMENT: Core Java, HTML, XML, CML Modelling, PCM Profiling, NGC (Modeling and Design) Implementation and Relational Database.

ALTROCKS TECH PVT LTD:

Project Name	     : Unicity web application.
Client                     : Unicity.
Technology Used: Java, spring, Eclipse and Neo4j and MySQL.
Description	     :It is a commission engine which calculates varies commission for the business domain multi-level marketing. Basically it is a migration project earlier it has been done on cobal and used Oracle as a data base. This project followed lot of iteration it consumed late of time in calculating the commission so we used emerging technology The NEO4J  which is a graph database in this project every member are interconnected so we used traversal framework which reduced the complicity of data structures to be used. It made the commission calculations from days to mille seconds. 

TRAITSYS TECHNOLOGY:

Project Name	     : ABS development for Healthcare domain.
Client                     :Health net.
Technology Used: Java, J2EE, Eclipse and SQL.
Description	     : It is developed for Health care project. Abs is the requirement software for claim process. We are developed the project which is used for claim id, member id, provider information and procedure code verification further payment release.

ACADEMIC PROJECT:

Project Name	: Citizen Card System
Technology Use   : Java, SQL.
Description	: Developed to manage citizen card information. Application used by registered users to view/edit details of various public services department specific information.

	Experience chronicle:



Hewlett Packard, Chennai |Software Engineer | Feb 2017 - Till Date
 
· Indulged in skill set training and tool modeling training for the new comers and a mentor / Backup for most of the colleagues.  
· Work closely with the Knowledge Acquisition on a daily Basis for projects review and excellence.  
· Responsible for Business continuity Plan for process to ensure project delivery confidence.  
· Ensure accuracy of deliverables and efficiency of project to achieve complete Business unit satisfaction.  
· Worked as Single Point of Contact for the project handled deviations in team and also assisted in resolving queries and share knowledge experience with team members to enhance the overall performance of the team  
· Good exposure in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle). 
· Strong analytical and problem solving skills with ability to work within team environment and independently when needed 
· Good ability to quickly grasp and master new concepts and technologies. 
· Strong teamwork skills and the ability to communicate with all levels of management 
· Good interaction with clients, managers and team members to coordinate job tasks. 

Altrocks Tech Private Limited,Chennai | Software Developer | Sep 2016 – Dec 2016

· Advanced proficiency in J2EE with 3 months of development experience.
· Involved in design and development of web applications using J2EE,Spring MVCand Neo4j.
· I used neo4j traversal framework. This is used along with procedure which helped in iterating the related nodes.
· Responsible for project requirement modeling in spring mvc technology and neo4j.
Traitsys Technology Private Limited, Bangalore | Developer | Jun 2015 – Sep 2016

· Advanced proficiency in J2EE with 1.3 year of development experience.
· Responsible for designing and developing program codes as per the requirement of the project
· Involved in design and development of web applications using J2EE, HTML-5, Servlet, Mysql and JSP.
· High exposure in every phase of software development life cycle including requirement gathering, analysis, design, implementation, deployment and support
· Involved in requirement phase.
Can able to understand use cases/ Functional Requirement.
Cognizant Technologies Solutions | Process Executive - Data | Feb 2014 – Jun 2015

· Handled complete activities of database maintenance
· Trained to employ troubleshooting methodologies
· Involved in documentation, review and fixing post production issues
· Hands on experience in Object Oriented Development.
	Certification: 



Web Component Development using java EE at NIIT, Nungambakkam, Chennai.

	Personal profile: 

	
Name
	:  Vignesh.R

	Father's Name
	:  Rabel.S

	Date of Birth
	:  20-06-1990

	Gender
	:  Male

	Marital Status
	:  Single

	Nationality
	:  Indian

	Permanent Address 
	:  Maruthangavayal,Rajamadam [po],Thanjavur -614701

	Language Known    
	:  Tamil,English

	Contact No
	:  9976227624.



	Declaration:



I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Place:                                                                                                  sign

Date:                                                                                              R. Vignesh
