
















































Abinash Jena

	Email: rock.abhinash@gmail.om
Mobile Tel: +91 8754387266
Indian Nationality
	Plot No 12, Door No 2/198,8th Cross Street, Bhel Nagar, Medavakkam, Chennai – 600100




To obtain a respective job position of investment banker in highly motivated work environment where I can make best use of my skills and banking experience for the improvement of bank customer service
SUMMARY & COMPETENCIES:

1. Have In-depth & strong process Knowledge in Static Data.
1. Excellent knowledge on Workflow tools / systems such as FISS, GBS, GAOS, CPI, SDS, IMPACT etc. 	
1. Knowledge of Standard Settlements Instructions & Callback Procedure.
1. Ability to effectively maintain, coordinate, prioritize multiple tasks and projects
1. Socially amicable person who can build relationships at all levels
1. Proven energetic, enthusiastic, positive, self-motivated and result driven individual
1. Good Analytical, planning, Organizational and Reporting skills
1. Effectively conducted several fun and frolic events at department level
1. Strong facilitation and consensus building skills. Training and skill development
1. Able to achieve results while strengthening capabilities of the team
1. An open mind to learn and to share the same
1. Can work independently with minimal guidance and can serve as a resource for others
SKILLS:
	Technical IT Skills
	Microsoft Excel 2003/2007/2010 (Advanced concepts such as vlookup, hlookup, pivot tables etc. ), Microsoft PowerPoint & Word and SQL Querying

	BFSI Knowledge
	Global Reference Data (Intermediary, International Account Opening, Account Maintenance),Client Data (Standard Settlement Instructions, Call Back), Payments (Basic Knowledge) SWIFT

	Languages
	English, Hindi & Odiya

	Interests
	Investment Banking, Trade, Treasury & Payments





WORK EXPERIENCE:

Analyst, November 2014 – Present
Wipro Business Process Services, Chennai

SSI Client Data & Callback

1. Verifying the Standard settlement instruction through callback procedure & ensuring the SSI are correct as per client’s record 
1. Opening client account and updating Client business(SSI) standard settlement instructions both stock and cash for Equity, Derivatives and options and Future product.
1. Executing client transactions from start to end.
1. Liaise with the front office and back office to get details for standard settlement instructions and settlement modes.
1. Aware of MT103, MT103/202, MT202 Payments.
1. Creation of NOSTRO & DEPOT for the clients.
1. System Maintenance and handling of Exceptional SSI’s.
1. Updating of Swift codes based on SWIFT.com
1. Performing basic checks of Standard Settlement Instruction details provided in case 
1. Validating Contact details of the external Client
1. Completing all the request received till t+2 to ensure smooth transaction takes place in operations. 
1. Worked on allocation of individual or Bulk requests from client within the SLA maintaining stiff TAT. 
1. Providing timely updates to internal teams of the proceeding of the case.
1. Ensuring KYC checks are done for the SSI’s received to ensure all the details are correctly given and it does not belong to 3rd party. 
1. Following timely escalation protocol if required & handling requestors query 
1. Telephone call backs or signature verification is performed prior to SSI
set up in the static repository
1. Documentation of daily production and preparation of EOD reports.
1. Should mentor the assigned trainees [Cross-Training /Back fill training]

Account Maintenance, Intermediary Account Opening

1. To work on allocated requests from client within the SLA maintaining stiff TAT. Request could be for creation, amendment, Updation of client data and Good knowledge in CDD checks
1. Report creation & generation for internal and external use [client]
1. Cater to adhoc requirements of the process
1. Handling and monitoring issue and query mails and escalating issues promptly to the team leader.
1. Contribute to MIS collection and reporting
1. Demonstrate a high standard for customer service and proactively managing work queues 
1. Setting up of CIS (Customer Identification System) Record capturing details of the customer such address, phone number fax number, occupation etc
1. Worked on allocation of individual or Bulk requests from client within the SLA 	 maintaining stiff TAT. 
1. To Switch products & do all the amendments in various systems.

Automation Project (Paper boy project)
1.  Currently handling an automation project where we are migrating 5 applications to 1 application,

Achievements in Wipro

1. 1 Gold Altitude team award (SSI Static Equities Team)
1. 2 Silver Altitude team award (SSI Static Equities Team)
1. 3 times nominated for Altitude Award (SSI Static Equities Team)
1. 2 Wipro Spot Awards
1. 2 Wipro Star Award
1. I have received number of appreciations from onshore for quick turnaround, for urgent cases & handling escalations swiftly.
1. Received Appreciation from one of biggest stakeholder for processing an urgent case which resulted in huge profit for the bank.
1. Received Appreciation from Top Management for fixing Wipro Kiosk Issue.
1. Recognized for conducting major events such as departmental anniversary events, team building events, Sport events, weekly fun games, Palm print and many more events etc.
1. Recognized for timely completion of Mandatory trainings for 200 + Employees in GRD.
1. Have been identified as a resource for cross skilling in multiple processes leveraging my skills effectively for the maximized benefit of the process across domains.
1. To handle customers and queries of customers with care and as per the prescribed standards in place.
1. To ensure all reports are completed and submitted within the stipulated time.
1. Carryout adhoc responsibilities set by respective TL / Managers from time to time.

Highlights

1. Appreciated by client for exceeding the target set by the client
1. Recognized for outperforming during global outage 
1. Appreciated by Top Management for handling team in critical scenarios 
1. Awarded for being best Team Player of the Year
1. Appreciated for exceeding the given targets.
EDUCATION:

Gitam University(HBS)	Hyderabad, India
Master of Business Administration (Finance Marketing)                           June, 2014

Utkal University                                                                                        Jaipur Road, India
Capital Marketing & Financial Services                                                     April,2011

Utkal University                                                                                         Jaipur Road, India
Bachelor of commerce(Finance)                                                                  March, 2012



PERSONAL PROFILE:
 
Father’s name                                           Mr. Bhagaban jena
Date or birth                                             25-08-1992
Permanent Address                                  At-Block colony
                                                                 PO-Raighar
                                                           Dist- Nabarangpur
                                                                 State-Odisha
                                                           Pin- 760474


Declaration:

I hereby declared that the information given above is true t best of my knowledge.
 
ABINASH JENA

 Place:
 Date:



