












































Fawzi Saleh


RESUME OF HR & Payroll Administrator

	Name
	SUJAN NANDI
	

	Position
	HR & Payroll Administrator 
	

	Nationality
	INDIAN
	

	Date of Birth
	Feb, 20 1984
	

	Marital Status
	Married
	

	Languages
	English
	

	Passport No.
	P6303199
	

	Company Review
	Best Employee of the year 2015 (HR Division)


	Address
168, Ashwini Dutta Road, Nandankana,  Nabapally, Barasat, Kolkata – 700126, West Bengal , India 

Email: sujannandii@gmail.com , sujannandii1@gmail.com
Mobile No. : 8240659682



	Educational Background :
Secondary Education (10th)
West Bengal Board (1999)

Higher Secondary Education (12th)

West Bengal Council (2001)

Bachelor of Arts (B.A.)
Kolkata (2005)
Master of Arts P-1 (M.A.)

Rabindra Bharati University (2006)
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.)

Kendriya Vishwavidyalaya (Private – online course) (2014)
Infosystem –DTP

Kolkata (2006)


	Professional Attributes:

· Leadership skills, motivation, expertise and approach.

· Quick leaner and adaptive to changes

· Good communication skills

· Be a good problem solver

· Be computer literate



	Computer Knowledge

· Windows
· Ms Office




OBJECTIVE:
Associations with a growth oriented organization where my knowledge and skills will be developed that gives professional satisfaction and take part in its growth using skills and expertise gained so far.

Work Experience:

Total 11 Years’ (2009 to 2017) Experience as HR & Payroll Administrator, Project Coordinator (Saudi Arab), 3 Years’ Experience as a Bank Executive (India) in Different Company as per details given below.
Summary of Experience:
1. Company
: 
Fu-Tai Arabia L.L.C.
Position
:   
HR & Project Coordinator
     
Duration  
:  
February 2010 to August 2017
Location
: 
Al Khobar, Saudi Arab
2. Company
: 
Fawzi Saleh Al Najrani Est.
Position
:   
Project Coordinator
     
Duration  
:  
February 2009 to January 2010
Location
: 
Al Khobar, Saudi Arab

Duties and Responsibilities (HR):
HR Responsibility

· Work closely with the HRM and HRO to support recruitment campaigns for individual roles.

· Responsible for ensuring the corporate website is up to date with current jobs.

· Manage the recruitment inbox and respond to candidates in a timely manner.

· Co-ordinate interviews with recruitment agencies and direct applicants for Hiring Managers and HR.

· Prepare documentation for discussions and briefing sessions; 

· Ensure recruitment trackers are maintained and continually improved.

· Enter new starter information onto the relevant systems.

· Create personal files for all new starters and ensure that all documentation is present and completed.

· Responsible for arranging induction sessions.

· Send out probation reminder emails to line managers and escalate any escalate any issues to HRO when appropriate.

· Collate and input all relevant information relating to payroll on a monthly basis.

· Provide reports to the department and the business when necessary with support from HRO.

· Co-ordinate training carried out in-house, including sending out invitations, reserving and setting up rooms, organizing lunches and collating evaluation forms.

· Monitor and track training sessions for reporting purposes.

· Send feedback evaluation forms after each training session.

· Maintain employee and general files.

· Ensure appropriate security for all HR-related information.

· Maintain an awareness of HR best practice at all times.

· Providing orientation and training for new staff, conducting research on internet, operating, and troubleshooting new office technologies.
Pay Roll Administrator
· Management of end to end fortnightly payroll processing by Task Forces System (ERP).

· On-going maintenance of payroll system and leave planning system (LTR, UL, SL).
· Updating and maintaining payroll records by payroll creation.
· Liaising with staff and management on payroll related queries.
· Maintaining leave, sickness and overtime reports.

· Updating by ERP system all kind of information about payroll.

· Interpreting awards/agreements and contracts in relation to overtime,

· Payroll administration – egg filing, setting up new starters.

· Calculation and payment of End of Service by Saudi Labor Law/termination payments.

· Processing increases and calculation of back pays.

· Assisting Payroll Manager with month end consolidation.

· Reconciling payroll related GL accounts.

· Marinating all timesheet by soft and hard copy also installing all timesheet in ERP system.
Project Experience Details (Project Coordinator):

A. Najran Dental Faculty Project (Civil) – 2009 to 2010

B. Najran Medicine College Project (Civil) - 2009 to 2011

C. Dental Faculty MEP Project (Civil) – 2009 to 2011

D. Qatif Bridge Project (Civil) – 2012 to 2014

E. Najran Stuff Housing Project (Civil) – 2012 to Running.
F. Construction of the University Hospital Building Project (Civil)- 2012 to Running.
G. Construction of the University Stuff Housing Project (Civil)- 2012 to running.
H. Install Sanitary Wastewater Conveyance Facilities (Mechanical) – 2013 to running (Aramco).
I. Interconnection Facilities for 3rd Party Cogeneration (Mechanical) – 2013 to running (Aramco).
3. Company
: 
ICICI Bank

Position
:   
Executive 
     
Duration  
:  
2007-2008
Location
: 
Kolkata , India

      3.  Company
: 
HSBC BANK

Position
:   
Executive 
Duration  
:  
2006-2007
Location
: 
Kolkata , India
Declaration

The above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Yours Sincerely,
Sujan Nandi



       Page 2 of 6

