














































Flat no


 

                                                                                     
 

                                                                    

Aditya Kumar 

aditya.kumar087@gmail.com 

 - +91-9022288136 

 

 Career Objective                                                                    

Looking for the challenging job opportunity as networking engineer in organizational environment 
where permit me to make use of my knowledge and to develop my professional experience as 
network engineer. 

  Professional Expérience  

 3 Years of Professional experience. 

 3 Years experience in “Network Engineering And Telecommunication” 

 Experience of work in Service Provider’s NOC(RCOM-NNOC). 

 Worked with ERICSSON GLOBAL INDIA LIMITED from 11th April 2015 to 11th 

October 2017 As Asst. Engineer. 

 Able to work in High pressure environment & handled Escalated issues. 

 The client Appreciation was received on work. 

 Good leadership, Team Building, Deal closing & Negotiation Skills. 

 
 

Current Employer         

 Organization Name: RCOM, Navi Mumbai From 12th Oct, 2017 till date. 

 Designation – Senior Executive working as FM Network Engineer. 

Role & Responsibilities                  

 All over India technical support and Fault Management for the WAN connectivity including the 

troubleshooting of routing protocols like  BGP, RIP, EIGRP, OSPF and basics of MPLS. 

 Finding and analysis of root cause for fault and furnishing the same to customers. 

 Troubleshooting PRI, SIP,L3VPN related issues. 

 Coordinating with RDN, OSP, and MEN Team to carryout for resolving various issues related to 

Switches & Routers. 

 Maintaining Cisco Routers and Switches (series 7609, 3550, 3750, ME3400), and Huawei 

(CX600, CX200). 

 

TRANSMISSION SEGMENTS:   
  Surveillance and Alarm Monitoring of SDH & Network Elements. 



  Troubleshooting of SDH Services layer faults 

  Working on Clarity OSS application for FT Generation 

  Troubleshooting of  Faults of SDH Equipment of Nortel, Marconi, Fibcom 

  Transmission domain Nortel equipment 1C, 1X, 4XE, 16XE, N61-N65 

 Network management: MRTG, Nortel Device Manager/Site Manager, RADVIEW, DSO 

 

Educational Qualification 

 B.Tech in Information technology with 75.2%. 

 Intermediate from St. Joseph pub school with 61.2%. 

 SSC from JNV Vrindavan with 88.4% 

 

 Certification Course 

 Certified under Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) . 

 ETCP ,Ericsson Training Certified Program for IP.(ETCP). 

Extra-Curricular Activities: 

 Captain of school. 

 Participated in many intercollege sports events. 

 Participated in many cultural activities at school and college level. 
 

 

Personal Details: 

Name  :  Aditya Kumar 

Date of Birth : 19 oct 1992. 

Address:                     Flat  868,plot c 361,sector 1,Ghansoli 400701,Navi                              

Mumbai 

 

I solemnly affirm and declare that this information is true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

Place: Navi Mumbai                                                              Aditya Kumar. 

 

 


	Career Objective
	Professional Expérience
	Current Employer
	Role & Responsibilities
	Educational Qualification
	Certification Course
	Extra-Curricular Activities:
	Personal Details:

