















































Vishal Arora

                                                                                       Pradyumna Ray
                                                                                                                              Phone: (M) +91 9611106992
                                                                                                                              Email: raypradyumna@gmail.com

Seeking a challenging role to contribute towards organizational success and grow to a Senior Management level


EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Young, energetic and result oriented professional with over 3.7 years of hands on experience in “Dot Net” Domain along with coding, testing, Debugging and coverage analysis. At the same time I have worked on AJAX technology also.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

· Efficiently and productively analyzed all the projects undertaken
· Won several laurels and appreciations from my superiors for my hard work and efforts shown in meeting the project dead lines 
· Sound ability to develop strategies to achieve personal goals as well as organizational goals
· Optimized the current code & magnified its performance level
· Resolved and facilitated my team in number of technical issues

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

· Dot Net Technology with 3.7 years of Experience.
· Java Script Technology with 3.7 years of Experience.
· Experience in SQL server technology with 3.7 years of Experience.
· Experience in application development.
· Experience in Quality control
· Experience in Debugging and problem solving skills.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

	Examination
	Board/university
	Year of passing
	CGPA/ Percentage

	B.Tech
	B.P.U.T
	2008
	7.03/10 (CGPA)

	10th  + 2
	I.C.S.E
	2004
	62.8%

	10th 
	I.C.S.E
	2002
	66%




PROJECTS HANDLED 

Project Title:	ALCON(Allocation and Confirmation of the resources- Internal)   
Client:			INFOSYS
Role:	Senior System Engineer
Employer:	Infosys Limited. 
Duration:	July 2008 to till date
Technologies Used:          
· VB is used for coding .
· SQL server is used for coding .
· Java Script technology used to make an asynchronous call and handle all the post backs to improve the performance of the application.

Description:
               Project 1
                                    .   ALCON is the next version of PS Web and Activity Confirmation developed in 
                                    .NET in compliance to the new UX framework of IS. It caters to the same 
                                    scope of activities as PS Web & Activity Confirmation. From the time a project 
                                    has been created in Project setup, a PM / PL can create, modify or delete 
                                    allocations to a project and manage resources within the project.

 
                                  T & M projects can confirm the effort of the resources and post to SAP for the 
                                  purpose of Billing. FP projects can confirm milestones for the purpose of billing.

· VS 2003 was used to code the entire web application.
· SQL Server 2008 was used as a connection string for the tables and stored procedure calls made by VB.
· Java Script technology was used to make asynchronous call to handle all the post-back events to make the application work faster with improved performance.
                 Project 2

· Finacle is a banking solution developed and marketed by Infosys Technologies Limited.
· License Tracking System, a system driven auditable process in line with SOX guidelines to track end to end activities associated with delivery of FINACLE licenses, has been released. 
· In the process of selling and implementing Finacle for the clients, 
Company needs to issue licenses for the software. Licenses are issued for a wide range of modules and types. 
                                           Example:
                                           E-banking (Module)
                                           Treasury (Module)
                                           Branch (Type)
                                           Enterprise (Type)

                                          Different revenue streams for FINACLE are:
                                          License Fee (LF)
                                          Third Party (TP)
                                          Implementation and Customization (I&C)
                                          Charged Annual Technical Support (CATS) 
                                          Free Annual Technical Support (FATS)

· VS 2003 was used to code the entire web application.
· SQL Server 2008 was used as a connection string for the tables and stored procedure calls made by VB.










PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth: 	         	24th January, 1987
Languages: 		English, Hindi and Oriya	
Address:		Flat no-105, Laa Cascade Apartment, Roopena Agarahara , Bomanhalli, Bangalore,   
                                    Pin-560068
Phone :( M)		+919611106992
Email: 			raypradyumna@gmail.com


Date: 05 /Oct / 2011											
Place: Bangalore									(Pradyumna Ray)

