














































Abhijit Mohapatra 
 
Programmer Analyst at Cognizant Technology Solutions 

E-mail:  abhijitmohapatra07@gmail.com  
Mobile: +91-9040130171 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
 
Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and 
dedicated people,   which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to 
work as a key player in challenging and creative environment where I can improve my knowledge, 
skills while contributing my best to the organization’s growth and performance. 

 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 

  
 Having 29 months of experience in Performance Testing using industry-leading tools like HP Load Runner,  

Performance  Centre,  Fiddler, Soap-UI, New Relic.  

 Adept in performance testing of applications, analyzing the performance test results and providing a 
comprehensive test report with observation & findings.  

 Have taken responsibilities include non-functional requirements analysis, test script creation, performance 
test execution and results analysis. Also proficient in executing various tests like load test, stress test, spike 
test, endurance tests, etc. 

 Has  worked with clients including leaders in Insurance and Travel & Hospitality. 

 

J O B  D E S C R I P T I O N : 

 
 

 Understanding the performance intensive business flows after discussion with project team 
as well as customer business team.  

 
 To benchmark the application performance if the application is newly developed.  

 
 Understanding the application traversal for the performance intensive business flows after 

discussion with Functional team.  
 

 Understanding the user distribution across all the scenarios involved in the application.  
 

 Preparing the Performance Test strategy covering the various requirements put forward by 
the customer.  

 
 Developing performance test scripts for the AUT.  

 
 Preparing the WLM after execution of dry run (1 User, 1 Iteration test) across the various 

scenarios.  
 

 Test Data Preparation for execution.  
 

mailto:%20abhijitmohapatra07@gmail.co


 Execution of Performance Test. (Load Test, Endurance Test, Stress Test)  
 

 Providing observations regarding the server activity during the test execution.  
 

 Analysis and Performance Report generation.  
 

 To detect the root cause behind the performance bottleneck and provide suggestions to 
mitigate the issue.  
 

 
 

P R O F E S S I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E : 

S No Company Month and Year of Total Month and Year of Role 
  Joining Experience Leaving  
      

1 Cognizant 10
th

 April 2015 2 years 5 Currently Working Performance 
 Technology  months  Tester 
 Solutions     
      
 
 
 
 
      

 
 

S K I L L S :  
Operating Systems Win 2000/XP 
  
Languages C, JAVA, 
  

Tools Known 
HP Load Runner-11.52,12.02, 12.53, Performance Centre  
Soap UI, Fiddler, New Relic 

  

 

 

Corporate Trainings: 

 

 Cognizant Certified Professional in Performance Testing  

 Manual testing Training by Cognizant Academy 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
PROJECT DETAILS: 
 
MM  ETO Testing  Aug 2015 – Feb 2016 
 
Description: 
MM ETO Testing has basically different tracks under which they support several applications. The three main tracks are 
MetLife, EQAS (Enterprise Quality Assurance Solution) and Retire Smart. Several applications grouped under the 
mentioned tracks are providing solution for Policies for its clients with life insurance, disability income insurance, long 
term care insurance, retirement plan services, and annuities. The applications are mainly .NET based, interacting with 
the middleware system, and mainframe systems. The performance of these systems is evaluated for the defined 
performance requirements using HP Load Runner tool 12.53, Fiddler 
Technology:  .Net ,Java 
 

Roles and Responsibilities: 
 Full ownership of project delivery which includes application performance scripting, execution and reporting 

from offshore and ensured on time delivery and quality. 
 Collecting Performance testing requirement for the application from the respective build leads by making them 

understand the whole process via conference calls and screen sharing session 
 Developing performance scripts using the HP Load Runner using Web/HTTP protocol & Web service . 
 Preparing Work Load mix/ Real time Scenario before every execution. 
 Communicating with various teams to complete the pre requisites, if any before test execution 
 Creating detailed report using load runner analyzer, doing error analysis and publishing the report with detailed 

observations 
 Analyse root-cause of performance issues, if any and recommend remedial measures for key performance 

issues 
 Prepare the Final Performance test summary report . 

 
 
 
 
CKE Smart Tech Finance Implementation : March 2016 – May 2016 
 
Description: 
CKE  decided to implement PeopleSoft and Hyperion as a combined solution to meet their Core Finance and analytical 
needs. CKE had decided to re-implement existing PeopleSoft FSCM Modules on v9.2 - General Ledger, Accounts 
Payables, Accounts Receivables, Asset Management, Billing and Purchasing. Along with the reimplementation CKE has 
also decided to implement new modules as in Real Estate Management, e-Supplier, e-Settlements, e-Bill, Cash 
Management, Contracts (Transaction Billing Processor), eProcurement and Project Costing. For the management and 
regulatory reporting Hyperion suite of applications will be implemented. The performance of these systems is 
evaluated for the defined performance requirements using HP Load Runner tool 11.52 
Technology:  . PeopleSoft, Oracle Hyperion 
 

 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 

 
 Developing a Performance test plan to share it with Stakeholders.  
 Performance testing requirement for the application from the respective build leads by making them 

understand the whole process via conference calls and screen sharing session 
 Full ownership of project delivery which includes application performance scripting, execution and reporting 

from offshore and ensured on time delivery and quality. 
 Developing performance scripts using the HP Load Runner using Web/HTTP protocol. 
 Communicating with various teams to complete the pre requisites, if any before test execution 
 Collecting Performance metrics after every execution and preparing Reports from the logs that has been 

shared.  
 Creating detailed report using load runner analyzer, doing error analysis and publishing the report with detailed 

observations 
 Analyse root-cause of performance issues, if any and recommend remedial measures for key performance 

issues 
 Prepare the Final Performance test summary report  

 
John Hancock  MSM Testing : June2016– Continuing 
 
Description: 
JH MSM Testing has basically different tracks under which they support several applications. Main tracks are Annuities, 
Investment and Retire Smart. Several applications grouped under the mentioned tracks are providing solution for 
Policies for its clients with life insurance, disability income insurance, long term care insurance, retirement plan 
services, and annuities. The applications are mainly .NET based, and  salesforce application interacting with the 
middleware system, systems. The performance of these systems is evaluated for the defined performance 
requirements using HP Load Runner tool 11.52/12.02/12.53, Soap UI, Fiddler. 
Technology:   Java,.Net,  Sales force 

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 
  To detect the performance bottlenecks in every application by executing load tests for different performance 

incentive scenarios also involved preparing performance test plan covering various requirements put forward 
by customer. 

 Full ownership of project delivery which includes application performance scripting, execution and reporting 
from offshore and ensured on time delivery and quality. 

 Developing performance scripts using the HP Load Runner using Web/HTTP protocol, Ajax truclient, Web 
service. 

 Communicating with various teams to complete the pre requisites, if any before test execution 
 Preparing Work Load mix/ Real time Scenario before every execution. 
 Collecting Performance metrics after execution and preparing Reports from the logs that has been shared.  
 Creating detailed report using load runner analyzer, doing error analysis and publishing the report with detailed 

observations 
 Analyse root-cause of performance issues, if any and recommend remedial measures for key performance 

issues 
 Prepare the Final Performance test summary report  





         
 

P E R S O N A L  P R O F I L E : 

DATE OF BIRTH : Dec15, 1993 
FATHER’S NAME : Mr. Laxmidhar Mohapatra 
GENDER    : Male.  
MARTIAL STATUS : Single.  
NATIONALITY : Indian.  
LANGUAGES KNOWN : English, Hindi and Odia 

 PAN No                                                    :              CMPZPM1157K 

 Passport No                                              :               M7900085 

 

 

D E C L A R A T I O N : 
 
I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. References to 
any of the above shall be produced on request. 

 

Abhijit Mohapatra 
 

Place: Kolkata Date:  21
st

 September 2017 
. 

 

 


