















































Abhisek Kanungo                                                           
    
     


SAP Tester

                

Mob. : +91 7606087759, +91 9038029993

       


abhisek091@gmail.com 
	Profile Summary


High performing SAP Tester trained in SAP MM with experience in projects spanning regression, upgrade and support and Validation projects. A very resourceful and result oriented individual with strong analytical skills who can collaborate with customers, developers & other partners across regions to accomplish the task.
	Experience


About 3 Years 06 months of Experience (Wipro Technologies)
	SAP Skill Summary


· SAP MM Testing
· SAP SD Testing
· Knowledge in SAP CRM,HP ALM and Validation testing
· Basic Knowledge in UFT and Automation Testing.

· Experience in Testing in SAP HANA through Fiori Login
	Project Experience


Cardinal Health (SAP Tester)                                                                      08/2014 - till date
Roles and Responsibilities

· Creation of security manual scripts, uploading and executing them in the validated and Non validated instance of ALM.
· Creation of Operational Qualification (OQ) scripts for the various business scenarios involving S4 HANA Productivity Suite, updating them based on ITQA comments and also perform the dry run of the test scripts written in S4 HANA through Fiori Login.

· Creation of new scripts, Modification and execution of existing scripts in PTS,STS and MedEcomm module in ALM.

· going through the FUT documents for Prospect to Customer module and ALM test cases, understanding functional requirements and identification and documentation of GAP(s) in documentation of Requirements, Functional Unit test cases and any mismatch found in ALM test cases

· recommendation of new test scenarios to ensure better test coverage, reporting on progress, reviewing analysis done by Team members and submitting analysis for client review

· Creation of the integration testing scripts (ITC) and string test scripts for various business scenarios involving all factions of the customer like JDE, IBP, WMS, GRC, K&N, Vastera, GT and LSPs like SAP China, Arvato, etc.

· Identification of test data in S4 HANA for the various test scripts and scenarios

· Manual smoke testing for the various user roles assigned to S4 HANA Fiori login.

	Academics


	EXAMS
	INSTITUTE
	BOARD/UNIVERSITY
	YEAR
	PERCENTAGE

	B.TECH
(MECHANICAL)


	Institute Of Technical Education & Research, Bhubaneswar, Odisha
	SOA UNIVERSITY


	2013
	80.10%

	Intermediate

(12th)


	B.J.B College, Bhubaneswar, Odisha

	CHSE
	2009
	82.6%

	Board   Examination

(10th)
	B.J.E.M School, Bhubaneswar, Odisha

	CBSE
	2075
	92.2%


	Achievements


· Appreciation from client for optimization and Dedication.
	Personal Details


Date of birth            : 02.11.1991
Languages                 : English, Hindi, Odia

Permanent address:  Plot 1943, Chintamaniswar Area, P.O. Budheswari, Bhubaneswar, Odisha - 751006
