















































                                                                                                     
JAYAVARDHAN NADENDLA                            Mail: chinnanadendla@gmail.com 
JAVA/J2EE Programmer                                                                                               Phone: +91-8374738369  

Professional Summary 

 
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the IT & Services industry. Skilled in 
Java, J2EE technologies like JDBC, Servlets, JSP with robust experience in application development in 
Client/Server architecture using Spring, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Familiarity in PostgreSQL & SQL programming. 
 

Work Experience 
 

Software Engineer          (Nov 2016 – Present) 

Tech Mahindra Limited, Hyderabad 

• Developed two Java-based projects as part of cross-functional team by constantly communicating and 

exploring the possibilities with the client and rightly adapting to their set of requirements. Involved in 

Support and Maintenance of Master Parts Tracker web application. 

 

Projects Handled 
 

Client          : GE Appliances, USA 
Role  : Java Developer 
Environment  : Eclipse IDE, Spring3, JDBC, JSP, PostgreSQL, jQuery, HTML and CSS 
Key Achievement : POB Award for 2018 Q1. 
 

Project #1:  SQE Work Request Tool 
 
Description: The purpose of this application is to streamline the process of Work Requests from SQE. Work 
requests can be tracked from initiation to completion. Templates are downloadable through application. 
Prioritization is added to the work request for quick completion. 
 
Project #2 SQE Dashboard 

Description: This application was a Dashboard for eFPIR status of all Master Parts as per SQE, CBT. It contains 
pictorial (pie charts) representation of Source Parts, Make Parts and total parts as per the initiated, not 
initiated, and assigned status, graphical (bar Charts) representation of all parts count under each eFPIR Status. 
Reports were exported to Excel for the Dashboard selected with SQE name.  
 
Project #3 Master Parts Tracker 
 
Description: This application is to track the details of Master Parts. Selection of Parts was done by adding filters 
to the part details. Reports are generating for selected parts by implementing export to Excel. Add-on features 
of this application like new parts etc., can be added by entering their respective parameters, only comments 
box can be edited with data of entering comments. Deletion of part details is restricted for users as it gives loss 
of information. 
 

Responsibilities Held: 

• Developed user interface using HTML, JavaScript, JSP. 

• Implemented client-side validation using Java script.  

• Implemented various controllers using Spring.  

• Interaction of DAO with backend. 



• Involved in SQL & JDBC queries to interact with the DB from DAO layer. 

• Fixing the Bugs found in the Applications. 

• Liaison with business groups to firm up the requirements, work with Quality Assurance teams and 
business users to support testing. 

• Ongoing support and maintenance of the applications. 
 

Education 
 

• Bachelor of Technology (2012-16) in Mechanical Engineering with Distinction from Vignan Institute of 

Technology and Science, Affiliated to JNTU, Hyderabad. 

• Intermediate (M.P.C) from Narayana Junior College with 95 %. 

• S.S.C from Narayana e-Techno School with 90 %. 

 

Technical Skills 
  

Operating System    : WINDOWS 

Programming Languages   : Java, J2EE, JDBC 

Databases     : PostgreSQL 

Frameworks    : Spring MVC, Hibernate 

Web Technologies   : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap 

Web/Application Servers   : Tomcat 

Tools    : JUnit, Maven 
 

                                                                                            Declaration  
 

I certify that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 

            
 

Jayavardhan Nadendla 
       Hyderabad 


