













































BALKRISHNA CHAWLIYA

CHANDRASHEKHAR TECKWANI

2 - 4- 334, Ramgopal Peth, 

Behind Ramgopal Peth Police Station

Paradise, Secunderabad (A.P.)

E-Mail ID: shekhar_teckwani@rediffmail.com

Contact No. +91 9848576906, +91 9393086826
Objective

I would like to utilize my programming and analytical knowledge base and improve my technical, analytical skills while working with a professionally managed group.

Technical Expertise

Quantum, SPSS, VB

Professional Experience (Total 7.5+ Years of Professional Experience, This includes the 6.5 + years of Quantum Programming/ Data analysis experience)

· Working as an Associate Manager (Quantum Programming/ Data analyst) at Kantar operations (TNS India Pvt. Ltd. HYDERABAD) from 1st Jan 2011 to till date for Asia pacific clients and Spain clients.

· Worked as a Project Manager (Quantum Programming/ Data analyst) at Kantar operations (TNS India Pvt. Ltd. HYDERABAD) from 1st Jan 2008 to 31st Dec 2010 for Asia pacific clients and UK Healthcare clients.

· Worked as a Team Leader (Quantum Programming/ Data analyst) at Kantar operations (TNS India Pvt. Ltd. HYDERABAD) from May 2006 to 31st Dec 2007 for client in France.
· Worked as a Quantum Programmer (Data analyst) at UGAM SOLUTIONS Pvt. Ltd. MUMBAI from Sep 2004 to May 2006 for client in USA.

· Worked as a Back office Associate at ELECTIONIC DATA SYSTEMS (India) Pvt. Ltd. MUMBAI from Oct 2003 to Aug 2004 for client in USA.

Current Job Profile

Working as a Associate Manager with the Cross tabulation Team for the clients in Australia, Singapore, Hong-Kong, Malaysia, Japan, UK, France, Spain. 

Work profile includes - 

· Managing 14 members Data Processing team (quantum / SPSS programmers) to co-ordinate efficiently and ensure quality delivery of tables and data to client; Understanding the researchers request on special requirements to ensure the quality tables.
· Estimation of jobs, costing and sending the RFQs to clients for bidding.

· Managing day-to-day client interactions and coping client expectations, to ensure quality, timely and complete client servicing management.

· Providing technical guidance to team and conducting the Performance review discussions during the self appraisals process of team members.    

· Project allocations scheduling and resource planning. 

· Attending the Project Initiation meeting for project planning and effective execution of projects.
· Ensuring the competency development and planning of technical and soft skills training for the team. 

· Ensuring the high employment satisfaction in a team.

· Conducting the monthly team meetings and discus the team objectives.  Presentation of the monthly objectives to senior management for reviews and action plan.

· Programming (Cross tabulation, data cleaning, Analysis of data using Quantum/SPSS).

· Mentoring and providing guidance to new members / recruits.
· Looking after the process and ISO and Motivating team to achieve the team objectives
PROJECTS HANDLED

Worked on high complex projects like needscope , dairy , healthcare , visit, U&A, eValuate
Worked on the projects involving weighting, grids, Data Derotation, Data validation, levels (hierarchy data), process data, reformatting, etc. 

Worked on Multi country trackers projects, which include mutli methods for data capturing and multiple client’s requirements. Worked on Adhocs , CATI/CAPI/CAWI/Pen and Paper data.
Worked on pilot studies to win the new clients 

Recognition with in current organization
Awarded for a MAD award (Make a difference award) for handling a weekly multi country tracker effectively by designing a process and script to handle the project with efficiency.
Awarded as the Star team leader of the year in 2009 (Diamond award) for consistently handling the team effectively for 1 year.
Awarded as the Star team leader of the month regularly.
Promoted from team leader to a unit head for handling multiple units

Certified for clearing all the mandatory training programs

Received many appreciations from the client for providing additional support, handling short-turn around project, quality of reports, proactive suggestions, commitments, etc. on the project related aspects.

Academic Record

	Exam
	University/Board
	Result
	Year

	M.Sc. (IT)
	Barkatullah University, Bhopal
	63%
	2003

	B.Sc. (Electronics)
	D.A.V.V – Indore
	61%
	2001

	HSSE (XII)
	M.P.Board – Bhopal
	64%
	1998

	SSE (X)
	M.P.Board - Bhopal
	67%
	1996


Certification

Two-Year Certified Course in software engineering from APTECH Computer Education INDORE (M.P.)

Expertise

Quantum, SPSS, VB

Technical Skills

Market research Tools  

: Quantum, SPSS, Dimensions, SAS
Programming languages

: C, C++, Java, Java Script, HTML.

Operating Systems

: Win NT, Win 2000 Professional, Win ME, UNIX, DOS.

Front End Tools


: VB6.0.

Back End Tools


: Oracle 8.0, MS-Access.

Tools and Techniques

: OOPS, Software Engineering, Networking.

Package


: MS-Office.

Academic Projects Undertaken:
Title


:
Hospital Management System  

Place


:
APTECH Computer Education, Indore.

Period


:
2 Months

Platform

:
Microsoft Windows 98

Lang./Tools

:
VB 6.0 / MS-Access

Scope                       :
HMS maintains information for various Patients. Generates provisional and final bills. Print Receipts. Display and print the information of various patients as per as criteria like S.No. wise or Date wise etc. Prepare the daily transaction report and also maintain user security.

Title


:
Pathology Management System

Place


:
ENDEAVOR SOFTWARE Tech. Pvt. Ltd. BANGLORE

Period

 
:
4 Months

Platform

:
Microsoft Windows 98

Lang./Tools

:
VB6.0 / MS-Access

Scope         

:
The PMS will be managing the details of patient and 

Employees record. It will be separately managing the samples and different tests details. It will have a separate module to manage the billing and report generating work of pathology laboratory. The PMS will not be including the inventory control system and payroll systems in it, 

Hobbies

· Working on Computer.

· Making Friends.

Personal Profile

Strength

: 
Good Communication skills, meeting commitments & Hard work

Date of Birth

:
3rd November 1979

Language Known
:
English, Hindi, Sindhi.

Phone No.

:
+91 9848576906, +91 9393086826
Passport Number
:
E-6812724

Date :  



                             Chandrashekhar Teckwani

