















































Vivek_Resume






Tanvi Agarwal	
9986491235
E-mail: tanviec1104@gmail.com
Present Address: F401, DS Max Spectra, Chikkathogur, Hosur Road, Electronic City, Bangalore-560100


Summary

·  3.2 years of experience in Software Industry 
·  Experience in Angular JS, HTML5, Spring REST, CSS, JavaScript, Unix, RDBMS and VB6.0 
·  Excellent Interpersonal, Communication and Problem solving skills
·  Direct interaction with clients

Professional Experience

Organization: 		Infosys Ltd
Period: 		Jun 2014 – Till Date
Designation: 		Sr. Software Engineer
Responsibility:	
· Interacting with the client for gathering business requirements, briefing the work progress report etc.
· Analyzing the business problems and proving the solution 
· Development of automation tools using Unix Shell Script and JAVA.
· Implement new features and extend existing functionality to add value to the user 
· Providing data to client on their requirement and coordinate with them.
· Upgrading the old version code in VB6.0 to latest technologies with the help of AngularJS, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, Spring REST.

	1.    Telstra AIT Enhancements
	


Project		: IPaC VB 6.0 to JAVA 
Client   		: Telstra Coorporation Ltd 
Technology  	: AngularJS, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, Spring REST
Team Size  	: 7
Role   		: Developer
Description	: IPaC is a standalone application developed in VB6.0. Since VB6.0 is no longer supported by Microsoft, our team volunteered to rewrite it as a Web based-application using Angular JS, Bootstrap and Spring REST.
	2.    Telstra AIT Applications
	


Project		: IPaC Application Enhancement and Maintenance 
Client   		: Telstra Coorporation Ltd 
Technology  	: Visual Basics 6.0, Unix Shell Scripting, Oracle
 Team Size  	: 6
Role   		: Onsite coordinator
Description	: Integrated Planning And Contracting (IPaC) is a business critical application used by Telstra for Order Creation and Management. The system is used to create and contract wideband and non-wideband orders.  
Responsibilities:
· Involved in the High level and detailed design, Coding, Testing, and Implementation of the applications using Agile Methodology.
· Production support of VB based business critical applications for Telstra.
· Actively involved in Incident Management, Problem and Change Management activities.
· Shell scripting to automate Jobs and bring improvements in the application.
· Expert in debugging and troubleshooting the production/testing issues, enhance the code to fix the bugs to meet the business requirements.
Technical Skills


	Data Base
	ORACLE

	Client Side 
	AngularJS, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5

	Programming Language   
	Unix Shell Scripting, Perl, PHP, VB 6.0,Spring  REST

	IDE / Tools		
	Eclipse, Putty, BMC Remedy, Citrix Server, Toad, SQL Developer

	Best Practice
	ITIL

	Version Controls
	TFS



Awards

· Awarded The Most Valuable Player in Infosys.
· Received INSTA Award for delivering excellent support at time of crisis.  
· Paper Presentation on MEMS Mirror Array in IEEE Sponsored Conference ICCCCM-2013
· Secured 8th rank at State Level in Eight International Level Science Talent Examination 2006
· Secured 9th rank at National Level in Ninth International Level Science Talent Examination 2007
· Honored with the Kasturba Gandhi Award
· Awarded as the Best Student of the year for two consecutive years 2008 and 2009
· Awarded as the Best Leader of school of the year 2008
· Was recognized as a high performance trainee during the training.

Academic Qualification

· B.Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering (2010-2014) 
University:   Uttar Pradesh Technical University, Uttar Pradesh 
College:         United College Of Engineering And Research
Percentage:  78.14%  
Remark:        Secured 1st position in class
· Senior Secondary Education (2009-2010)
Board:          C.B.S.E.            
School:         Bethany Convent Senior Secondary School 
Percentage: 88.6% 
Remark:       Secured 2nd position in school
· Higher Secondary Education (2007-2008) 
Board:          C.B.S.E.            
School:         Bethany Convent Senior Secondary School   
Percentage: 89.8%
Remark:       Secured 3rd position in school
Personal Details

Date of Birth: 		May 3, 1992.
Sex: 			Female
Marital Status: 		Married
Language Known: 	English, Hindi

Declaration

I do hereby declare that all the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief
	
Date: 05-Sep-2017
Place: Bangalore                                                                                                                                            (Tanvi Agarwal)
         


Classification: GE Internal


	                                            Confidential		Page 1/3	
