





















































Resume



SAVITHRI KANIKANTI

Expertise: JAVA/J2EE						E-mail: ksavithri442@gmail.com

Experience:2+Years						Mobile No: +91- 8466905613

Objective		

To be a Successful professional in a Software Company and to achieve the objectives of the company with Honesty and Fairness and to Continuously Upgrade My Knowledge and Skills.

ProfessionalSummary

· Having 2+Yrs of IT experience in the field of Software Development on various domains involving Web-Based, Telecom and Insurance.
· Experience in developing Web based applications using Web Logicand Tomcat.
· Hands on experience in Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, JavaScript,html,sql
· Knowledge of Web Servicess.
· Knowledge on all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). 
· Excellent problem solving skills with a strong technical background and good interpersonal skills.
· Has the motivation to take independent responsibility as well as ability to contribute and be a productive team player.
· Good team member, positive attitude and self-motivated, quick Learner, willing to adapt to new challenges and new technologies.


Professional Experience


· Working as Software Engineer for HCL, Hyderabad from Aug’16 to Till Date.


Technical Proficiency		


Programming Languages	: Java/J2ee, Jdbc, Servlets, Jsp, Hibernate, spring, JScript
RDBMS			: Oracle
Operating System		: Windows98/XP/7/8
Web Servers			: Web Logic, Apache Tomcat
Tool’s or IDE”S		: Eclipse 


Educational Qualification:

· Bachelorof Technology from JNTU University, Kakinada with Aggregate of 70%





Projects 1:

Title				: Park Safe
Product Domain		: Utilities
Technology used	:Java ,Servlets, JSP, Hibernate, Spring
Server specification		:Tomcat
Database used		: MySql
Team Size			: 8
Duration			:Dec’17 –Till Date.
Role				: Software Engineer.

Description			:The main objective of the java project on parking system is to manage details and all the information about Parking fee, Vehicle Types, Customers, Parking Slots. The project totally built at administrative end and thus only the administrator is guaranteed the access. The purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work for managing the parking fees, Vehicle Types, Customers, Parking Slots.

Responsibilities:

· To understand customer requirements and developing the functionality specific Business, Application and Presentation Logic and to integrate it with the product.
· Involving in Code development using Servlets, Jsps, and Jdbc.
· Developing html based forms, validations using JavaScript.
· Analyzing the issues so as to find the problem and make necessary changes in the code to fix the issue.


Projects 2:

Title				: NaracSoft Web Portal
Client				:Naracsoft
Technology used	:Java ,Servlets, JSP, Hibernate , Spring 
Server specification		:Tomcat 
Database used		: Oracle 
Team Size			: 8
Duration			:Nov’16– Aug’17
Role				: Software Engineer.

Description			:I have worked in a various modules on these company portal  which has been developed for Malaysia.It fetches the full description of the individual or multiple employees from the website(i.naracsoft.com) and stores individually in the database.After that we make various operation on these data to generate the following :-
1.Individual work performance sheet.
2.Daily work status for employees.

Responsibilities:

· To understand customer requirements and developing the functionality specific Business, Application and Presentation Logic and to integrate it with the product.
· Involving in Code development using Servlets, Jsps, and Jdbc.
· Developing html based forms, validations using JavaScript.



1

