













































Karthikeyan Venkatesan

PRAVEENKUMAR N

45/68, Kamaraj Salai, Lakshmipuram,
Thiruvanmayur,
Chennai- 600041						     
Mobile: +91 9597387106                                                Email: 	shivaprvn.6@gmail.com


A Fraud risk management analyst with experience in transaction monitoring (fraud detection) of secure online transactions which are made from credit/debit card & net banking.


Professional Experience
HDB financial services Pvt ltd (formerly ADFC Pvt Ltd)              Designation: Junior officer

Work Experience:
2 year s months working experience in Fraud analyst department Risk control unit at HDB financial services
 

				Fraud risk management

HDFC bank-Risk Intelligence & Control Unit - Monitoring for Secure online transactions


· Monitoring secured online transactions in the authentication as well as authorization levels to prevent and detect frauds.

· Monitoring the alerted transactions by reviewing various factors like reason for the alert, negative rules, transaction originating sources(Device ID, IP, IP country, ISP, type of device, OS version), time of transaction, merchant, merchant category, amount, customer profile, previous transaction pattern, travel plan of customer, confirmation of customer on expected usage.

· Calling out customers for the suspected transaction attempts to confirm on the genuineness and to block the cards where the transactions done without the customer’s knowledge.

· Challenging the customer with series of questions to differentiate the fraud types- phishing, vishing and also on the suspected first party fraud cases which will help investigation team for conclusion

· Assisting customers by communicating procedures for disputed transactions and also on reissuing the cards 

· Taking care of fraud marking, blacklisting & deduping the necessary details for all disputed cases to detect & prevent further frauds 

· Initiating reversal requests to merchants & acquiring banks for recovering the amount of disputed transaction and also for getting beneficiary details for investigation.

· Responsible to refer and tracking of the suspected frauds with Regional investigation team & branches.

· Acting the fraud reported cases from various channels and handling the immediate actions like fraud marking, blacklisting & Deduping of necessary details associated with disputed transactions.

· Reviewing the daily reported fraud cases, highlighting the change in fraud trends with team members and supervisors in order to change the monitoring approaches to address the new trends

· Sampling of transactions to ensure the fraud prevention parameters are working and reporting to analytics team in case any breaches in the authentication & authorization systems.

· Studying on fraud trends and continual support to the analytics team to minimize the frauds as well as to sharpen the false positive ratio (no of frauds vs no of alerts).

· Analysis on Real time rules for suggesting parameter changes
Process Management:
· Handling customer queries related to cards and net-banking via mail and calls.
· Maintaining and auditing the blocking, disputing trackers
· Preparing monthly shift roasters
· Analysed and measured the process knowledge of team members at regular intervals and updated the management.

Technical Skills: 

· MS office 
Educational Profile
	Course
	Institution
	University/ board
	Year of Completion
	Percentage /CGPA(%)

	
M.B.A
	
Nandha Engineering College, Perundurai, Erode.
	
Anna University, Chennai.

	

2016
	
                          7.55

	
B.E (ECE)
	
Excel Engineering  College, Komarapalayam, Namakal.
	
Anna University, Coimbatore.

	
         2013
	
          6.42 

	
HSC
	
Grace  Higher Secondary School, Grace nagar, Erode.
	
Tamil Nadu State Board.
	
2009
	
          65.8

	
SSLC
	
Grace  Higher Secondary School, Grace nagar, Erode.
	
Tamil Nadu State Board.
	
2007
	
63.8




Personal Details

Name: 			Praveenkumar N
Father’s name: 		R Naganathan
DOB: 			02-Aug-1992
Gendar: 		Male
Hobbies: 		Playing Cricket, watching movies
Languages known: 	Tamil, English







Declaration
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge    

												
Place: Chennai
Date:									            (Praveenkumar N)																												                                               
