














































VIMAL NAIR 
Email : vimalnair77@gmail.com 

Mobile : +91 9645479929 

LinkedIn : https://www.linkedin.com/in/vimal-nair-948bb934/ 

SUMMARY 

 Highly organized, committed and self-driven professional with Software Development, Business Analysis, Data 
Analysis and Project Management experience. 

 Creative, resourceful and flexible, able to adapt to changing priorities and maintain a positive attitude and strong 
work ethic, independent and efficient in fast-paced multitasking environments. 

 Expertise in Advance SQL. 

 Expertise in MYOB, SAP R/3 and ABAP/4 development. Experience in development of HR, CRM, SD, MM, PP 
and FICO modules. 

 Expertise in Advanced Excel and other MS office suite of products. 

 Proven presentation and co-ordination skills. 
 

EDUCATION 

Bachelor of Technology-Engineering 

Calicut University, India 

Certifications 

BSB30112 Certificate III in Business (includes MYOB and Microsoft Office), Australia 

AHC32810 Certificate III in Rural Operations, Australia 

 

AREA OF EXPERTISE 

Analytic Tool 

Tableau 

ERP Packages  

MYOB 

SAP R/3 (Versions 4.0B, 4.7 and ECC 6). 

 

Modules 

HR, FI/CO, MM and SD 

Programming Languages 

ABAP/4, PL/SQL, SQL 

 

Microsoft 

Sharepoint Development, Office Suite of Products (Advanced Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access) 
 

SAP IMPLEMENTATION EXPERIENCE 

 Implemented eSurvey in SAP CRM for SAGIA, Saudi Arabia. 

 Implemented SAP ECC6 (Financial Module) at ICICI Bank Ltd India. 

 Implemented SAP 4.7 Enterprise Version at Micro Inks Limited India. 

 Implemented SAP 4.7 Enterprise Version at Micro Inks Corporation USA. 
 

  

mailto:vimalnair77@gmail.com


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Data Analyst 

QBE Insurance, Australia (Insurance Sector)   

 Responsible for creating a repository of IT software and applications of QBE in ANZO 
region using Advanced Excel (Pivot Table, vlookup, functions and formulas). 

 Liaised with top leadership of multiple Business Units under the CIO’s office to gather 
details for repository management. 

 Analyzed data, implemented version control and built relation between Business 
Applications, Software and Infrastructure into SharePoint. 

 Presented dashboard and project status to the QBE senior Leadership on regular basis. 

 Analyzed and presented the performance of IT Business Unit using employee survey 
results. 

 

Dec 2016 to  

June 2017 

Retail Assistant 

CK Foodstore Retails Australia (Retail Sector) 

 Client Management 

 Inventory Management 

 Retail assistance 
 

May 2015 to  

Nov 2016 

Senior Analyst 

Creative Infoware Kerala (P) Ltd. India (IT Sector)   

 Reviewed files, records and other documents for requirement analysis and create a 
development schedule through Excel. 

 Analyzed and recommended re-modeling of the existing system. 

 Responsible for Client Management. 

 Designed SQL scripts to provide data to management. 
 

Jun 2014 to  

Nov 2014 

Senior Team Leader 

Computer and Systems Engineering Pvt. Ltd, Saudi Arabia (IT Sector) 

 Part of the team implementing a survey in SAP CRM as a SAP developer. 

 A Dashboard was developed for analyzing the survey in SAP for management. 

 Systems were developed in SAP for uploading historical and from other sources for Survey. 

 Designed and developed reports for collecting and analyzing data. 

 Analyzed the existing data and presented to client with documentations (using Office Suite). 

Accomplishments 

 Successfully combined investor’s data from two different government organizations for 
survey purpose. 

 Developed reports about investors into Saudi Arabia as per the IMA and other international 
organizations. 

 Designed database to upload data of last 10 years different surveys. 
 

Aug 2013 to  

Apr 2014 

Senior Team Leader 

TechProcess Payment Services Ltd. India (IT, Banking & Finance Sector)  

 Functionally designed projects for HR application in ASP .Net. 

 Designed and managed in-house development of HR Module. 

 Designed and implemented projects using SAP ABAP tools in SAP FICO. 

 Analyzed the existing system and data of client and presented them with best possible 
solutions. 

 Developed a database in Excel to calculate yearly increment of the onsite team, to analyze 
salary outflow of the organization (using pivot table, Vlookup, functions and formulas). 

 

Dec 2007 to  

Feb 2013 



Accomplishments 

 Awarded “The Best Performer of the Year” award twice. 

 Awarded with the “Top IT Project of the Year” by the client for year 2009-2010. 

 Successfully automated the upload of Trial Balance from the 10 group companies into the 
Parent companies database and development activities to upgrade SAP version at client site 

within the shortest timeframe. 

 Developed a secured system to print out loan and reimbursement cheque across India. 
 

Senior Software Engineer 

3i Infotech Ltd. India (IT, Banking & Finance Sector)  

 Developed and consolidated TDS certificate through SAP Scripts for all group companies 

 Worked on SAP enhancements and User exits in SAP FICO. 

 Developed automated programs to upload data from multiple systems into SAP using BDC. 

 Developed Module Pools as per client’s requirements. 

Accomplishments 

 Successfully designed a single SAP program which would print TDS certificates for 
different states of India 

 

Dec 2006 to 

Nov 2007 

Associate Consultant  

AG Technologies Pvt. Ltd. India (IT, Banking & Finance Sector)  

 Worked on developments in SAP FICO module. 

 Worked on SAP enhancements 

 Developed standard as well as ALV reports, SAP Script and BDC. 
 

Jan 2006 to  

Dec 2006 

Senior Programmer 

Micro Inks Ltd. India (Manufacturing Sector)  

 Extensively did development and maintenance work in SAP modules (MM, SD and QC). 

 Involved in handling enhancements, bug fixes and developed reports and SAP Scripts in 
SAP ABAP. 

 Involved in developing in-house applications in Module Pool as per client requirement. 

 Designed Corporate Presentations in PowerPoint for Annual and Investors Meet. 

 Successfully analyzed the organizations the printer ink overall purchase and usage in 
EXCEL and suggested ways to reduce cost. 

 

Sep 2002 to  

Dec 2005 

Programmer 

United Software Engineering and Services Pvt. Ltd. India (IT Sector)  

 Developed and Managed HR application in General and Leave module for HWB. 

 Developed applications in Oracle and Developer 2000. 

 Developed reports and triggers. 

 Developed SQL queries. 

 Compiled User Manual and Database Manual using Word, Excel and PowerPoint. 

Accomplishments 

 Successfully developed and implemented the application for a HWB (Government 
Organization) under Department of Atomic Energy and implemented at 5 different 

locations across India. 

 Successfully developed a pilot project for the Police department of Maharashtra State. 
 

May 1999 to 

Sep 2002 

 


