
















































Kolla Yogananda    
Mail Id –kollayogananda@gmail.com                                                 Mobile no:+ 919164162461        			


	Career Objective:


 To attain a challenging position in an organization, that will enable me to apply my knowledge and skills effectively for the mutual development of the organization.

	Work Experience:



2.5 years of experience in General accounting.					

· Worked in  IBM India Pvt. Ltd as a senior associate.(Apr 2015 to Jan 2017 and Jun 2017 to Jan 2018).


	Area of Experience:



As a Senior Associate in IBM India Pvt Ltd:

Experience in Reporting.

Job Responsibility

1. Preparing and Posting Monthly JE’s.
2. Posting of Journal entries for Accruals and Salary related Journals.
3. Balance sheet Ledger accounts reconciliation.
4. Finding open items and clearing them based on the information received from Controllers.
5. Posting of Journal entries for Asset Management (Additions and Deletions).
6. Various month end adjustment JE’s (Actual and Accruals).
7. Monthly Prepaid expenses bookings as per directions from Business Controllers.
8. Participating in month-end closing
9. Intercompany accruals and invoice posting.
10. Provisions booking.
11. Monthly Posting Provision Journal entries (Bad debts). 
12. Preparing Schedules relating to Balance sheet.
13. Preparing the additional information and Notes relating to Profit and loss account.
14. Cost Allocation Journal entries.
15. Sox Compliance.


	Educational Qualifications:                                                                                                          



	         Course
	                        %

	· CMA Inter from ICMAI	
	                 55

	· B.COM from ANU,GUNTUR	
	                 60

	· Intermediate from SRICHAITANYA JR College, NELLORE
	                 95

	· S.S.C from Government School, PALAMANER
	                 86






	IT skills:



· Oracle PeopleSoft.
· Powerbase, PB.net, Arkinet and Basware.
· Operating System 2010
· MS office.


	STRENGTHS:



· Self Confidence and Patience
· Commitment and dedication work
· Smart work and flexible to any type of environment
· Good Team Builder

	PERSONAL DETAILS:



Father Name 		: Kolla Devendra Naidu
Date of Birth 		: 01-07-1994
Gender 		: Male
Marital Status 		: Single
Languages Know 	: Telugu, English, Kannada and Tamil.
Address		: Kolla Yogananda
		              S/o kolla devendra naidu					                                                                             
			 kurappalli(village)
                                     Moram(post)
                                     Palamaner(mandal), Chittoor Dist ,
                                     Andhra Pradesh-517408.

	DECLARATION


I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:

Place: Bengaluru                                                                                                                  (K.Yogananda)
