




















































CV of an Experienced Software Engineer


Page 1 of 3 

 
 
Neha SAXENA                                                                      
Email Address: neha.saxena2104@gmail.com 
Cell: 8319866143, 9074148942 
  

Professional headline 
Believe in continuous growth by moving to the next step of opportunities in the field of 
campaign marketing along with maintaining the moral ethics and team spirit.     
 

Summary 
  Total 4+ years of experience in Software Development & Campaign Management 
  Currently working on Handling the big campaign from start to end  
  Expert and the key member in the Email & Web design and development 
  Have work on creating a segmentation according to customer requirement  
  Knowledge of using Marketo in creating A/B test and normal send-outs 
  A dynamic member with analytical skill, relationship management and co-ordination 
  Experience in client interaction, requirement analysis and enhancements 
  Engineering in 2014 from the Rajeev Gandhi Technical University, Bhopal (M.P)  
 
 

Skills 

Languages/Web Development HTML,CSS,HTML5, CSS3 and RWD, JavaScript 

Frameworks Dot Net Framework 

Databases MySQL 

Tools Marketo, Salesforce, Kapost, Cloudwords,  
JIRA, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, 
Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Visual Studio 
2010,  

 
Experience 
 

Org summary : Danaher Pvt. Ltd , Mumbai India  (October 2017-Till Now)  

 

Project #1: Global Campaign 
 

 One of the big project to achieve the A/B testing, 25+ Email set up and the lead-based 
reporting. It also consists of the scoring campaign in which we need to score every web 
page visit, form fill out and brochure download. 

 In phase 2, after qualifying the leads we have move them to nurture campaign of different 
product per their product interest.  

 

Project #2: Europe Campaign 

 

 In this project, we have done the integration through the REST API. We have successfully 
integrated the event information from App to Marketo and then in salesforce. 

 It is one of the real-time integration, which work on the faster integration cycle for the 
sales. 

 Done A/B testing, Event campaigns etc. 
 
 
 
 
 



Page 2 of 3 

 
 

Project #3: GDPR set up 

 

 In this project, we have created the double opt in set up for the EU countries and single 
opt in for rest of the world (except Canada as we have CASL) 

 This project will work on when the lead is created and for the existing user to be 
compliance before and after May 25,2018. 

 

Project #4: Day to Day Team Management 

 

 Day to day with stakeholder interaction through the calls about the project and email 
activities. 

 Deployed around 100+ emails with the quality of on time execution 

 Coordination with the Team and other peer to help them on sharing the Marketo learning 
as Expert in the domain 

 

Org summary : Heaven Techno System, Bhopal, India (June 2014 - Oct-2017)  

 

Project #1: DSYW (Directorate 0f Sports and Youth Welfare India) 

 

Project Name : dsywmp.gov 
Client Name  : Govt 
Skill set  : HTML, CSS, Javascript 
Tool   : Adobe Dreamweaver, Visual Studio & Adobe Photoshop 

  

Project Abstract: This is a web-based system, which supplies an online profile to 

capture the information of Players. It is helpful to maintain the data of players. 
 

Project #2: SAI (Sports Authority of India) 

Project Name : SAI 

Client Name  : Sports Authority of India 
Skill set  : HTML, CSS and Asp.net 

Tool   : Adobe Dreamweaver, Visual Studio & Adobe Photoshop 
  

Project Abstract: This website is made for communication and handle authorized tool 
and maintain the data of players. 
 
 
Achievements 

 Received appreciations for helping the Clients/Campaign Managers in planning, 
resourcing, scheduling and reaching correct audience for their campaigns, also 
ensuring that the Campaign go live on the scheduled date. 

 Awarded with the Best Performer at HTS for my efforts and dedication towards 
improving the process efficiency, productivity and implementing process controls and 
smooth execution. 

 Spot award at multiple occasion for on time Campaign launch. 

 Received two times Shining Star Award for best performance in the team. 

 
 



Page 3 of 3 

 
 

 
Education 
 

 

 
Interests 

Traveling, listening to music, decorating room neatly & organizing the things.  

 
 
Personal Details 

 

Name: Neha Saxena 
Date of Birth: 21th April 1992 

Marital Status: Single 
Passport # and Expiry Date:  M1251848: 22nd Aug 2024 

 

 

 

Degree Institute Percentage 

B.E(Computer Science) 
Truba college of science & Technology 

Bhopal 
74.8% 

(First Class) 

HSC 
Naveen H S School  

Bhopal 
63.66% 

(First Class) 

SSC 
Naveen H S School  

Bhopal 
66% 

(First Class with Dist.) 


	Neha SAXENA
	Email Address: neha.saxena2104@gmail.com
	Cell: 8319866143, 9074148942
	Professional headline
	Summary
	Skills
	Experience
	 One of the big project to achieve the A/B testing, 25+ Email set up and the lead-based reporting. It also consists of the scoring campaign in which we need to score every web page visit, form fill out and brochure download.
	 In phase 2, after qualifying the leads we have move them to nurture campaign of different product per their product interest.
	 In this project, we have done the integration through the REST API. We have successfully integrated the event information from App to Marketo and then in salesforce.
	 It is one of the real-time integration, which work on the faster integration cycle for the sales.
	 Done A/B testing, Event campaigns etc.
	 In this project, we have created the double opt in set up for the EU countries and single opt in for rest of the world (except Canada as we have CASL)
	 This project will work on when the lead is created and for the existing user to be compliance before and after May 25,2018.
	 Day to day with stakeholder interaction through the calls about the project and email activities.
	 Deployed around 100+ emails with the quality of on time execution
	 Coordination with the Team and other peer to help them on sharing the Marketo learning as Expert in the domain
	Achievements
	 Spot award at multiple occasion for on time Campaign launch.
	 Received two times Shining Star Award for best performance in the team.
	Education
	Interests
	Personal Details



