













































Lynal D’Souza
105 Diamond Apartments, 1st Floor, Opp Ashirwad Hospital, Woolen Chawl, Ambernath West, Mumbai.
(Mob No: +91 8446391396 ( Email ID: lynal.dsouza@gmail.com
Human Resources & Admin Executive
· 5 years of work experience in HR and Admin related role with reputed organizations where I have earned the reputation of delivering excellent results and being a quick learner.
· Good background in HR affairs, including experience in Pay Roll Processing, Joining Formalities, Full and Final Settlement, Organizing Orientation and Training Programs, HR records management.
· Demonstrated success in working with teams, handling tough situations and delivering satisfactory results.
HR Skills
	Pay Roll Processing
Joining Formalities
Full & Final Settlement

	Staff Recruitment
Employee Relations
Admin Functions

	Orientation Program

Training & Development


Professional Experience
THE WATCHTOWER BIBLE AND TRACT SOCIETY – Bangalore, INDIA
Corporation for administrative functions of Jehovah’s Witnesses within India.
HR & ADMIN, March 2009 – April 2012
Key Role included day to day interaction with the members of the organization helping them with queries, maintaining the records of members, organizing orientation programs and various training programs for the members, organizing and coordinating travel and accommodation arrangements for international guests, communicating with various departments to ensure smooth functioning.
Key Results:
Played a key role in providing an employee friendly environment where the employees feel free to approach the HR with their problems thus bridging the gap between the members and the HR.
Played a key role in HR records management of the 300 employees.
Proficiently arranged for Orientation and training programs of new members.
Noted to be a good team player, with ability to contribute positively to the goals of a team.
BENNETT, COLEMAN AND Co. Ltd. – MUMBAI, INDIA
The Largest and Leading Media Conglomerate in India.

	HR Trainee, April 2007 to February 2009
	


Hired to be part of the people flow team to handle employee query related to vacations and pay roll, was given the responsibility to be part of the pay roll processing team taking care of salaries for 2500 employees, handling joining formalities including co-coordinating with the bank in regards to account opening, responsible for printing and issuing of ID card for all India employees, handled full and final settlement process.
Key Results:
Was able to learn and work on SAP – HR module without any prior knowledge and was able to work proficiently with on the job training received
Was able to run the pay roll process for over 2500 employees across various branches.
Generating appointment letters and confirmation letters and contract renewals and issuing the same.
Worked in making the ID card processing more streamlined with getting a deal with a better vendor to make the process smoother.
Was part of teams organizing various employee welfare programs which involved arranging and managing various events.
Education & Certifications
MUMBAI UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in English Literature, 2007
Higher Secondary School in Arts, 2004

Secondary School Certification, 2002

· Successfully completed SAP training program conducted by BCCL, and was awarded a completion certificate.

· Was awarded a certification for the Disaster Recovery Representative course conducted by Infernotech.
Personal Details

	Date of Birth: February 17, 1987
	Gender: Male

	Marital Status: Single
	Languages Known:
	English, Hindi, Marathi &              Konkani

	Nationality: Indian
	Place: Mumbai

	
	



