














































Bindushree.C 
Plot No 76, Suseelamma Layout, Puttenahalli 

Yelahanka, Bangalore-560064.    Email:     bshreec@gmail.com 

        Mobile:   +91 7090990250 

 
 

 

Objective: 
 

Seeking a challenging position in an organization that value performance and commitment, also utilizing 

my abilities gained through education and experience and to achieve Excellence. 

 

Professional Experience: 
 

 Overall experience of  around 2 years as Financial Associate with Industry giant. 

 Worked with Hewlett-Packard, Bangalore in Accounts Payable – Invoice and Customer Response 
Center (CRC) teams. 

  

Responsibilities in CRC team: 
 

 Hands on SAP Finance Applications Knowhow – Posting, Discrepancy managements and 
Payments. 

 Identify and action on the Unearned Discounts and Duplicate invoices on the entries happening in 
the system. 

 Coordinate with suppliers and recover the duplicate amount paid. 

 Responsible for maintaining TAT on 3 tier cases and recording the deviations noticed. 

 The Process Involves, Handling major supplier query and Generic mail box handling and Call 
Response Centre 

 

Responsibilities in Processing team: 
 

HP is the one of the leading outsourcing Unit which offers services on various domains like F&A, 

Training, Banking Operations, etc. with High Customer Satisfaction. Proven success executing successful 

cross-functional projects. 

 Payment to vendors based on Invoices received via electronically in comparison to the PO using 
the three / two way match concept. 

 Have knowledge for Invoice Processing in SAP for AP (P2P). 

 Worked on Parked and Blocked invoices. 

 AP controls placed in major activities. 

 Cross trained all and created backup for all activities. 

 Internal audits for the team members, with maintaining a high level of accuracy. 

 Sending Internal Dependency Report on a daily basis. 

 Supporting the TL by Training new people on the Process/Domain as part of the growth plan in 
order to ensure High E-Satisfaction. 

 Customized various activities to make it more efficient and increase accuracy. 

 Continuing the collaterals for the existing Clients 

 Solving the customer’s issues through calls. 

 



Expertise:  

 Innovative professional progressive experience in Accounts Payable team with complete 
Knowledge of P2P cycle and the skills to drive business growth, capitalize on potential Talent 

available, and handle all aspects of daily process operations.  

 Worked on SAP 7.2 ver. Microsoft CRM and Avaya handling. 

 

Qualification: 

 Bachelor of Commerce  
Bangalore University 

Year of Completion – 2015            

  

Professional Knowledge & Skills: 

 

 ERP: SAP End user, HP legacy, and Citrix.  

 Lotus notes and Outlook. 

 Documentation: MS-Office packages. 

 Tally ERP 9.0 

 

Achievements: 

 Star performer of the year award  

 Quarterly award for outstanding performance 

 Trainer to new joinees. 

 

Strengths: 

 Self-confidence, hardworking and always looking to grow. 

 Very good at team work and collaboration. 

 Adaptable to change whenever required in organization. 

  

Personal Information: 

Name  :  Bindushree.C 

Father’s Name :  Lt.Chandra Keerthi.P 

Date of Birth :  06/06/1993 
Nationality :  Indian 
Marital Status :  Married 
Languages :  English, Kannada, Hindi and Telugu 

 
Hobbies:  

Listening to Music, cooking and exploring the world. 

 
I hereby confirm that the information stated above is all true to the best of my knowledge, belief and 

faith. 
 

(Bindushree.C) 


