


































































    





         Bharat Kumar
                                                                                                                   Mobile No:  8287717363

               E-mail: kumarbharat776@gmail.com

Career Objectives:

· To pursue a challenging career with an organization where I can get enough scope for growth and learning.
Personality Traits:

· I own responsibility for the work. I am a good team player and continuous learner. I am fully confident that I will be able to add good value in assignments and responsibilities given to me.

Current role:-

·    Currently working with Intelenet Global Services as a part of U.K payroll since 17 May 2017 to           
         Till date.

·    Maintains payroll processing system and records by gathering, calculating, and inputting data.
·    Good knowledge of ERP Tools (like SAP/Resource Link) 
·    Manage the Attendance record inputting and Calculations (Maternity/Paternity Etc. . )  

·    Maintain the Employee Data Changes (Personal,Job, Pay)
·    Ensuring that Overtime, Allowance, Sickness and Additional payments are processed correctly.

·    Creating records for new starters

·    Enters payroll information into ERP for processing.
·    Deducting right amounts of pension contributions, income tax, National Insurance.
·    Post payroll activities like BACS, FPS, Costing
·    Query Analysis and Resolution
·    Being attentive to detail and understand complex information
Prior Experience:
3 years work experience as a payroll associate for Southern Water of U.K Based Company from 13 Jan 2014 to 04 April 2017 in Wipro, below are major highlights of my current role:  
· Processing New Starter, leaver, Sickness, One off Payment, overtime processing, Start/Cease Payroll Deduction and Payments.

· Processing legal transactions like Tax forms (P45 & P60), Student Loan, Salary Sacrifice, Tax code change, Maternity Processing, Paternity processing, National Insurance number, P46 Car Report/Filing on HMRC website.
· Prepare many reports to validate the accuracy of transactions some of them are Full Payment Submission,£650 report,£750 report.

· Handle proactively adhoc request and query

· Do support to all the team members and ensure smooth finishing of task.

Job Profile:

·  Processing payroll inputs and sharing critical reports with different stakeholder of the company.
·  Review the task of team members and follow up the daily status and report to Team Leader.
Academic Qualification:

· B.SC IT from Punjab Technical University
· Higher Secondary , Haryana Board, Bhiwani
· High School , CBSE, Delhi

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems
: Windows 2007 and SAP v7.2
Back Ends/Databases 
: MS Excel, MS Word
Personal Profile: 

Name
   : Bharat Kumar
      Father’s Name
   : Mr. Subhash Chand
       Address                    
    : #487,New Ashok Nagar near N.K property 
      Date of Birth
                : 23/11/1987
Languages Known
   : English, Hindi and Punjabi 

.

Date:

Place: 

                       


(Bharat Kumar)


