














































SAMIT SAURABH                                                                                     

· Dynamic and result oriented individual with more than 12 years of IT experience in design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance of projects in major multinational software companies.
· Well versed with Oracle development activities like database modeling, SQL development (stored procedures, triggers, functions etc.), and performance optimization.

· Knowledge and experience in Database modeling, Physical and logical design concepts, implementation, integration, maintenance of large databases.

· Strong Leadership skills, Project Delivery and Team Management Skills; excel in working in fast paced ambiguous environments.
Total Experience: 12.2 Years

Employers: HCL Technologies, Pinelabs Pvt. Ltd.

Designation: Senior Technical Lead
CERTIFICATIONS

Oracle Advanced PL/SQL Developer Certified Professional (OCP) 

Oracle PL/SQL Developer Certified Associate (OCA)
Oracle Database Administrator Certified Associate (OCA)
SKILL SETS

RDBMS   -   Oracle 11g, Oracle 10g, Oracle 9i

         Database Normalization/De-Normalization


         Database Design and implementation

                     Database migration between two hosts


         Database development with Stored Procedures, triggers etc.

Tools        -  Enterprise Architect, Erwin Data Modeler r7.1, Talend etc.
Languages – Oracle SQL and PL/SQL, MS SQL 2008, Postgres 9.4, MySQL
WORKING EXPERIENCE

Current   – HCL Technologies since August 2011.

Previous – Pinelabs Pvt. Ltd

Pinelabs (subsidiary of Globallogic) is a product based company proving specializing in Automation, payment and Loyalty Solutions. It is running and providing technical solutions to some of biggest Loyalty programs in India. Its clientele includes major retails, banks and oil companies of India.

SUMMARY OF TECHINICAL EXPOSURE

1. Oracle (11g, 10g, 9i) Database Designer/Developer/ Data Modeler/ Data Architect with more than 12 years of IT experience. Successfully served in both analytical and technical capacities during the analysis, design, development and implementation of applications and complex business systems based on Oracle database and other open source databases.

2. Experience with Oracle Database in constructing Packages, Procedures, triggers, tables, user defined functions, views, indexes, user profile, relational database models, data dictionaries, and data integrity.
3. Experience in providing Production development for Database and Application.
4. Extensive experience in designing Data Model. 
5. Experience in Tuning Oracle Queries and improving the performance of the Database and applications.

6. Working experience in designing, implementing, maintaining, and documenting complex database applications and data warehousing. 

7. Responsible for handling the Database designing, Data Schema, tables, roles, constraints etc.
8. Tuning of Stored procedures, Triggers and schedulers for Oracle jobs, Alerts.  

9. Over 12-year experience in developing and implementing Applications on the Oracle database platform. Involved in documentation, data migration and database development including stored procedures, database triggers.

10. Acquainted with various stages of software development process: requirement analysis, programming, integration, testing and implementation. 
11. Responsible for clients: system enhancements, re-engineering, new implementations and bug fixing.

12. Experience in investigating the possible reasons of errors by studying backend code, and scripting as needed to resolve issues.

13. Enforcing business rules with triggers and user defined functions, troubleshooting, and replication.

14. Experience in resolving urgent technical problems faced by customers, technical problems varies as follows.

(i). Resolving delay in response.
(ii). Demonstrating business cases according logical conceptual understanding.

15. Documented business rules, functional and technical designs, test cases, and user guides.

16. Monitoring Database schemas using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).

17. Managing database, tables, indexes, views, stored procedures.

18. Experience in giving new suggestions and hints for new features and justifying the need of adding them to the system.

19. Worked as a Team Lead and SQL, PL/ SQL developer, the Role is of Application developer in the context of Smartcard applications. Good level expertise in the domains of SQL, PL/ SQL in Smartcard Loyalty applications as well.
20. Adept at all stages of project lifecycle, from business requirements and technical definitions to development, user acceptance testing (UAT), production support, and completion.

21. As a team member, comfortable working in teams and with individuals of different skill levels with strong commitment to get job done under pressure with decent communication skills.

22. Experience in SQL and PL/SQL tuning and query optimization tools like SQL Trace, Explain Plan, and DBMS_PROFILER.

23. Exposure & knowledge of designing logical & physical Data Model in Relational Database Management System (RDBMS).

24. Develop software in accordance with agreed design with consideration for usability, software quality and future maintenance.
25. Keen focus on performance tuning, optimization and quality assurance of database applications.

26. Excellent team player and proven track record working in various team sizes performing different roles.

27. Worked as Senior Team/Technical lead, and led a team in various assignments and successfully implemented the project before given deadline.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 
HCL Technologies Limited                                                                                   August, 2011 – Till date
In HCL Technologies I have been given ample opportunities to work various clients such as: -
Toll Logistics(Australia),

Channel 4 MINT Delivery (U.K), 
Medscheme (South Africa), 
Merck Serono (Switzerland), 
ShopKo (U.S), 
Dixons Retail (U.K), 
Telecom Malaysia, 
 IKEA (Sweden) etc.

Responsibilities: 
· Development of normalized Logical and Physical database models to design OLTP system for Health Insurance applications for various clients.

· Implementation of forward engineering to create a Physical Data Model with DDL that best suits the requirements from the Logical Data Model.

· Establishment and maintained comprehensive data model documentation including detailed descriptions of business entities, attributes, and data relationships.

· To Enforce standards and best practices around data modeling efforts.
· Created, documented and maintained logical and physical database models in compliance with industry standards and maintained metadata definitions for the data stores within a metadata repository.
· Worked as senior technical lead for various projects to performance optimization, tuning databases application, Migration activities (platform up gradation or Application).
· Analyzing the work requirement, providing estimates, designing database solution, providing a suitable solution design to the customer.

· Coding for complex technical issues.
· Done logical and physical database design.

· Train various team members on industry best practice standards of PL/SQL coding.
· Providing alternative database approaches to resolve complex situations. 
· Done and implemented Database Migration.

· From Feb 2017 to Sep 2017, is involved with Toll Holding as Data Modeler and Database Architect.

· From Jul 2016 to Dec 2016, was involved with MINT Delivery as Data Modeler and Database Architect.

· From Nov 2014 to Jul 2016, was involved with Medscheme as Database Architect.  

· From Nov 2012 to Oct 2014, was involved with Merck Serono where I had done migration from their legacy database to upgraded database. I was the only person responsible for taking all the database related initiatives and performing them. Travelled to Germany several times for performing dry and go live process implementation.  

Previous Company Key Projects.
1. BPCL Petro Card Solution

A petro card is a prepaid Smart Card used for purchase of petroleum products at BPCL filling stations. Petro Card is a set of applications (The application set contains: Point of Sale, Enterprise Applications, Internet Applications and Transaction processing System etc.) which interact with each other to provide a convenient payment mode to the end-users in order to achieve their loyalty.

Client                   : Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.

Team Size           : 15

Duration              : From April 2005 till Jan 2011.

Role            
     : Database developer 

Responsibilities:
(i). Lead a team of 15 developers, assigned, advised and analyzed work.

(ii). Worked with product managers to give work estimates and advised on design.

(iii) Application enhancement by addressing and fulfillment of Client’s new requirements.

(iv).System re-engineering by examining and changing the existing code improve performance and robustness.

(v).Database related enhancement, issue solving and changes and Bug fixing, MIS reports /Monthly statements, Database monitoring. Client interaction and Co-ordination with oracle online DBA team.

(vi). Resolving various performance related issues.
(vii).Involved in Performance tuning which included creating indexes and modifying tables using explain plan utility.

             Technologies    : Oracle 9i, Oracle 10g. 




2. BPCL Retail Automation
The Retail Automation has been designed for BPCL web-based monitoring of its pumps across the country .BPCL use this to monitor stocks, supplies, transactions and loyalty programs. It also provides provision of reports on various criterions and various types of pump related alerts/e-mail are generated. It offers BPCL pump operators and management users for smoother and effective operations of petrol pumps.
Client                   : Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.

Team Size           : 20

Duration              : From April 2006 till July 2011.

Role            
     : Database Developer.
Responsibilities: 
(i). Played a key role in implementing and configuration the system at the client site.
(ii). Mentored junior programmers in Oracle database design and development.
(iii).Wrote Advanced Queuing database package to send messages to clients based on events.
(iv).Lead the implementation of Oracle Workflow for processing applications. 

(v) Assisted in the integration of the Petrol Pump with POS Terminal.
(vi).Development of various reports pertaining to clients prerequisites fulfilling their criteria.
Technologies       : Oracle 9i and Oracle 10g 
3. BPCL Retail Automation(Migration from Oracle9i to MS SQL Server 2008)

As Retail Automation of BPCL pumps is the proprietary of Pinelabs, BPCL planned to migrate its Automation Server from Oracle9i to SQL Server 2008. The big task was to completely make new server according to the requirements and get all the things replicated as they were in Oracle so as their should not be any changes in operation level of Automation.
Client                   : Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.

Team Size           : 5
Duration              : From July 2009 till September 2009.

Role            
     : Application Programmer, Database Developer  

Responsibilities : 

(i).Challenges was there as whole application code specially the Database was to be converted in MS SQL Server 2008.Played a key role in converting, implementing and configuring the new system at the client site. 

(ii).Done complete conversion of the entire database related things which include Procedures, functions, triggers, views, tables etc.

(iii). Created documentation for all aspects of the project including training the end users.

(iv).Developed and Performed Unit testing for the scripts modified.

(v). Developed / modified Oracle PL/SQL codes like stored procedures, functions, triggers etc based on technical and functional specification documents.

Technologies       : MS SQL Server 2008, Oracle 9i.

4. Hot swapping process and Adhoc data Migration
The Online Hot Swapping is a mechanism devised for providing a Stand by setup to ensure uninterrupted Terminal Settlements even in the event of main Production Servers becoming unavailable due to a need for some maintenance or a crash. This would involve setting up an additional appropriate hardware and software configuration, whenever there is an emergency like requirement for downtime of the main production servers, the entire settlement traffic can be redirected to this standby server, thus ensuring zero downtime in the Terminal settlements.  

Client                   : Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.

Duration              : January 2006 – April 2006

Role

     : Application Programmer

Responsibilities : 

(i). All the Database related issues that are concerned with our application i.e proper migration and  synchronizing of data back to production from Hot Swap Servers.

(ii). MVIEW Refresh, Data migration and Matching – CMS Recharge then CMS Batch closure.

(iii). Getting posting of all the batches as they should be without any data loss.

(iv). Documented Disaster Recovery Plans and participated in disaster recovery.
Technologies       : Oracle 9i.

5. Retail Automation Management System(RAMS)
RAMS is a project developed to be used by both BPCL and Pinelabs. This is meant to facilitate automation being carried out by Pinelabs at BPCL pumps. It has provision of tracking of automation process, inventory management, reporting and complain resolutions.

 Client

      : BPCL, Pinelabs
Team Size
      : 4

Duration 
      : 3 months

Responsibilities    : 
(i).Design and development of the process and application.
(ii).Provided technical and user documentation.

(iii). Resolved functional issues in business processes through enhancements.

Technologies
      : MS SQL Server 2000.

6. Citibank-Maruti Suzuki Auto Card
Auto Card is a loyalty smart card launched jointly by Citibank, Maruti Suzuki and Indian Oil Corporation. Customers are awarded points on every purchase they make along with other discounts and promotions. All loyalty transactions are done offline on Smart Card.

Client 

       : Citibank, Maruti Suzuki

Team Size
       : 4

Duration
       : 6 Months

Responsibilities   : 
(i).Development of application and its new features in terms of Database, Creating new modules for application. Demonstration and development of application on testing and production servers on client locations.

(ii). Designed coding specification and documentation.

Technologies
       : MS SQL Server 2000
7. Nova Loyalty Solution
Nova is a loyalty product that can be used by any merchant or store chain to run a loyalty program. Product also involves support for running a coalition loyalty program involving multiple merchants.

Clients 
        : Asian Paints, LG

Team Size
        : 7

Durations
        : 5 Months

Responsibilities :
(i).Designing and implementing database features as per business requirements. Also involved in improvement of database design and application architecture.
(ii). Prepared Data Flow Diagrams for existing PL/SQL code.
(iii). Responsible for the fixation of the errors in data by utilizing the GUI interface of application and SQL scripting.

Technologies         : MS SQL Server 2000



8. Nectar Loyalty Application
Nectar is UK’s largest loyalty program comprising multiple store chains/merchants as a part of coalition program. Customers can earn and redeem points at any member stores.
Clients
       : Loyalty Management Group (LMG)

Team Size
       : 8

Duration
       : 9 months

Responsibilities   : Involved in crucial designing and development of database. Role included understanding requirements from client, implementing new features, enhancing new ones. Work normally included end- to –end changes from front –end to database.

Communicate and discuss with client and team in order to research and resolve a perceived issue or problem.

Technologies        : Oracle 9i 

9. Tank 2 Tank Tracking System

The Tank 2 Tank Tracking of Product involves providing information about product movement from the time it leaves the depot or installation gates till it is to be dispensed from the MPD into the customer’s vehicle fuel tank.

Clients   
        : Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd
Team Size              : 8
Duration
        : 5 Months

Responsibilities   : Created the architecture of this module, Designed and implemented database features as per client requirement. Managed and helped the team in various stages of development and testing.

Technologies
       : MS SQL Server 2008.

10. Sparkle Electronic Coupon Clearing System
The Project –EC acts as an electronic coupon clearing system by receiving the redeemed coupons from various retailers, filtering them on the basis of coupon issuers, generating invoices for retailers with respect to each issuer and send back to retailer. 
Client   
        : Sparkle Marketing
Team Size                : 6
Duration
        : Starts on 01Dec2010 and in UAT face.
Responsibilities      : Responsible for designing the database architecture and creating the same as required for the development of the project. Creating dataflow diagrams, solution architecture, Data dictionaries ect.

Technologies
       : MS SQL Server 2008.
Contact Details:

+91-9810904191

samit.saurabh@gmail.com 
