












































RESUME
Amisha Parmar

F-801, Parishkar 1,

Khokhra Circle,

Ahmedabad –380026

Contact: +91 9173131936

E- mail:  amishaparmarhlic@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE:

To utilize my competencies by entering into challenging Entry Level Human Resource Administration position with the prestigious company to get best exposure and growth of my administrative skills, interpersonal abilities and career advancement.

CORE COMPETENCIES:

Knowledge of End to End Recruitment process

Well versed in head hunting and fulfilling manpower requirements timely

Knowledge of HR practices and HR compliance

Possess good knowledge of MS Office with a good typing speed

Possess good communication skills in Gujarati, English & Hindi

Knowledge of French Language (Level: 1)

Handling Inbound and Outbound calls

Capability of handling the pressure and complete the targets

Amisha Parmar

9173131936

amishaparmarhlic@gmaiil.com
Adaptive with new changes and a good learner


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

PG Diploma in Human Resource Management 2017-18

B.K. School of Business Management

Gujarat University 
Passed with 62.50%, Grade: B+

Bachelor of Commerce, 2014

H. L. Institute of Commerce, Ahmedabad University

Passed with 70%, Grade: A-

H. S. C. 2011

G.S.H.S.E.B

Passed with 80.85%, Percentile Rank: 91.31, Grade: A2

S. S. C. 2009

G.S.H.S.E.B

Passed with 79.38%



WORKING EXPERIENCE:

Genie Bag Solutions (Since Feb, 2018)
Position: HR Recruiter

Job Responsibilities:
· Handling National and International Recruitment
· Partnering with Clients/ Hiring managers to determine staffing needs
· Sourcing potential candidates from various online Job Portals such as Naukri.com, Times Jobs, OLX, etc.
· Job posting on Social media like Facebook, Whatsapp, LinkedIn, etc.
· Screen candidates’ resumes and job applications
· Assess applicants’ knowledge, skills, soft skills, experience and aptitudes
· Crafting recruiting emails to attract passive candidates
· Performing in-person and phone interviews with candidates
· Coordinating interviews with the hiring managers
· Maintaining relationships with both internal and external clients to ensure staffing goals are achieved
· Act as a point of contact and build influential candidate relationships during the selection process
· Meeting targets for vacancies filled and people placed


Euphoria Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (Nov, 2017 – to Jan, 2018)

Position: HR Recruiter

Job Responsibilities:

· Recruiting IT and Non-IT Professionals
· Develop Job descriptions and Job specifications
· Efficiently and effectively fill open positions
· Coordinate with Departmental managers to understand their current and future manpower need
· Human Resource Planning
· Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need


NGO “Jesus Calls” (08-May, 2016 to 02-May, 2017)

Position: Front desk and Telephone operator on a Volunteer basis
      (No experience letter can be provided)


Kotak Securities Ltd. (14-July, 2014 to 01-Apr, 2015)

Position: Associate (Online Division)

Job Responsibilities:
· Working on lead generated by internal department
· Explaining products and services to prospective clients and understanding their need
· Coordinating with RM for closing lead 
· Following up with clients who have shown interest in product
· Responsible for managing TAT
· To outcall the clients according to the need of stakeholders
· Maintaining different MIS 
· To out call the clients who have newly opened account to understand whether required dealer assistance or is a self trader.
· To get the account activated of clients who have newly opened share trading account.



Projects Undertaken:

During PGDM-HRM
Title: “Employee Engagement at Claris Injectables Ltd”
Tenure: 4 Months
“Study of Current employee engagement level at Claris and the effects of the same”

During B.Com
Title: “Market position of Ganesh Housing Corp Ltd”
Tenure: 1 Month
“Study report of current market position of Ganesh Housing Co. Ltd”

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

Gender: Female

Date of Birth: 14.09.1994

Marital Status: Unmarried

Languages known: English, Gujarati, Hindi

Interests: Singing, Poem writing, Cooking, Travelling





I am looking for hearing from you about my job. I am eager to join you.














Declaration:
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I take the responsibility of any mistakes in data if occur in future.




Amisha Parmar

