















































CURRICULUM VITAE

Shashi Shekhar Bharti 
Email: ss.bharti394@gmail.com
Mob No: +91 9762841882, 8797648445                 
Address: Room No. 250, Panchshil Nagar L.M. Road Shivaji Nagar, 
                Borivali (West),Mumbai-400 103
			 
Career Objective
Seeking a challenging software developer position Where I Can Utilize My best Skills and Education.

Work Experience

	Sr 
	Company Name 
	From
	To 

	1
	Virtual Splat Software Pvt. Ltd.

	 Dec-2014
	May-2017

	2
	Saksoft Ltd 

Client Name: RBL Bank

	 May-2017
	Till now 



Work/Technologies Used:
MS SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server 2012, SQL Server 2014, Visual Studio, SSIS ,                  SQL Profiler, Pentaho, Squirrel, Linux shell script.

Databases Used:
MSSQL SERVER , ORACLE ,INGRESS VECTORWISE.

Web Development Tools
 HTML, CSS, Java Script and AJAX.

 Responsibilities and Environment

Designation: DATABASE AND ETL DEVELOPER (Consultant).  

Key Responsibilities:

· Excellent experience in creating complex queries Stored Procedures, View, CTE , Triggers, Joins, Functions, Query Optimization and other database objects.
· Designed and Maintain SSIS packages to extract data from different sources like Database, MS Excel, Flat Files, transform and then load into Data Warehouse using SSIS
· Report Development using Pentaho tools which generate simple as well as Templates Report.
· Understand the Requirement from end user and implements logic  accordingly for SQL, report and ETL Development. 
· Schedule  SQL Jobs Using SQL Server Agent Job.	
· Create Database Objects like Tables, Views, Indexes and Cursor.
· Developed and Optimized Stored Procedures, Functions and Query Optimization.
· Work on Fine tuning and Query Optimization.
· Migrated data from Oracle database to Ingress Vectowise Database Using Pentaho ETL Tool.
· Modified and maintained SQL Server stored procedures, views, ad-hoc queries
· Performed Database task like Database Backup and Restore and assign role to the user.
· Handle Ad-hoc basis reports.
Major Projects:
	1.

	Project Title
	Loan Tracker MIS Report

	Description
	This is a Loan management Process Tracker project. In this project we have created Database logic and ETL to user upload multiple excel file form different sources, After upload files data store into data warehouse and on the basis of data many type of calculations done on database  level and after that BC wise output get generated and finally by that output they can track the application status. 


	2.

	Project Title
	Audit MIS Reporting

	Description
	This is a project for audit team. In this project total Hundred type of audit report get generate for bank level as well Bank Customers level.in this project we have used pentaho tools and vetorwise/oracle Database to fetch data from two or three different database server. by those reports audit team can identify the transaction history, demographical data, branch level data etc. 


	3.

	Project Title
	ETL Development, Reports Development and ad-hoc

	Description
	I have Created more than 5+ ETL which extract data from multiple source system and push the data into data warehouse using SSIS and pentaho data integration tools. ETL are deployed on server and schedule to run as frequency define. Ie: daily, weekly, monthly and yearly.

I have automated more than 45+ Reports which run on different types of frequency ie. daily, weekly, monthly and yearly. These reports goes to bank stakeholders and business analysis purpose. We have also worked on ad-hoc request 









Educational Qualification
  
	Examination
	Year of Passing
	University / Institution
	Percentage 

	B.C.A
	2014
	Magadh University (Bodh-Gaya)
	73.1

	H.S.C
	2011
	B.S.E.B (PATNA)
	63.0

	S.S.C
	2009
	B.S.E.B (PATNA)
	43.6



Academic Project:
Project on Library Management System as a part of Final Year Curriculum using Visual Basic 6.0 and SQL Server.

Skill:
Programming Tools
* Microsoft SQL Server (2012/2008R2)
		* SSIS Data integration 
             * Pentaho Data integration tools 4.4/5.0 (ETL tools)
* Linux scripting
* ASP.NET 
* PHP 
* Visual Basic 6.0
* Programming in “C”  
* Programming in “C++”
* Programming in Core Java.
* HTML, CSS, and Java Script.

Persional Detalis:

	Full Name:
	Shashi Shekhar Bharti

	Fathers Name
	Vijay Bharti

	Mothers Name
	Tilotma Devi

	Date of Birth
	10-Mar-1994

	Gender
	Male

	Marital Status
	Un-Married

	Religion
	Hindu

	Languages
	English, Hindi



Declaration
I hereby declare that the information provided here is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place: Mumbai							
Date: 05-Dec-2018					                              Shashi Bharti

Page 3 of 3

