














































 
 
 

From: 
Khushbu Dave 

2/A, Shakti Colony, 
Bhulabhai Cross Road, 

Gita Mandir Road, 
Kankaria,  

Ahmedabad-380022 
Mobile:+91 97239 27179 

Email: ksdave11@gmail.com 
 

To,  

The Authority, 
HR Department. 
 
 

Dear Sir, 
 

Greetings for the day!!! 
 

Please find detailed information which attached for your kind perusal regarding 

any present or future opportunities available with you.  
 

I am Chartered accountant by profession. I have completed my graduation with 

B.com from Saurashtra University. Currently I am working as Associate for ANB & 
Co. based at Ahmedabad. As an Associate, I conduct Internal Audit for one of 

fastest growing Company (Adani Enterprises Limited) at Ahmedabad since August 
2016. I have completed my articleship with Yogesh K Dave & Co. based at 

Ahmedabad (Mid-size CA firm).  
 

Having good rich experience in Internal Audit of corporate function and various 

businesses to drive process improvements and implement best practices, systems 

/ procedures to enhance the overall efficiency of the process with focus to facilitate 
better internal controls and also having good experience of Software like SAP, ERP 

and AMS. 
 

Apart from willingness to learn, I have ability to quickly learn new software, strong 

positive attitude and analytical skill.  
 

I cleared CA Exam (all stages) in First Attempt. 
 

Please find my detailed information for your consideration.  
 

Thanking you  
 

Sincerely  
 

CA Khushbu Dave 

Membership No.: 144676 

 
 
 

mailto:ksdave11@gmail.com


 
 
 

Curriculum Vitae 
 

CA Khushbu Dave                            

M: +9197239 27179 

Email: ksdave11@gmail.com  

Job objective  A job where my experience of 5 years as professional Chartered Accountant, 

supported by my abilities will result in an expanded clientele and a more 

profitable organization. 

Work experience 

(5.75 years) 

 

 1. Corporate Adani Enterprises Limited: August 2016 – till date (1 Year and 7 

months)  
 

 Audited following sector under procure to pay function which includes aspect 

from raising of indent to payment to vendor. 

 Energy (Gas) 

 Logistics (port) 

 Agro 

 Group  Security  

 Group  Admin 
 

 Conducted contract compliance audit function for all of above mentioned 

sector with a learning aspect of business operation and worked on process 

improvement, e.g. Internal Cost estimate; Monopolistic purchase; etc. 
 

 Contribution to business through recovery as well as cost saving 

opportunities; governance related gaps; critical risk exposure. Quantifiable 

benefits as recovery and savings through audit findings / recommendations 

for various sectors such as   energy(gas), group security contracts and group 

admin contracts 
 

 Comparison of process across companies / sectors for areas of audit to bring 

out process gaps and improvement in areas detailed below: 
 

• Analysing cost breakup of various contracts of operations to make it cost 
effective and economical to company.  

• Identifying best practices prevailing in various sectors and standardizing 
same practice across group. 

• Inadequate HR compliance: Various process gaps were observed in HR 
compliance and ambiguity in roles and responsibilities. 

• Identification of incompatible functions & bringing necessary changes to 
it.  

• Process improvement for invoice processing. 
 

 Conducted data analytics to identify cases of rate variance, non-compliance to 

DAO, splitting of PO’s, data mismanagement, etc. within sector as well as  

across all group.  
 

2. Involvement in statutory audit function for finalisation of financial statement 

of Investment companies (10 companies) based at Ahmedabad: March 2013- 

till date 

 

3. Academic Rushabh Academy as a Faculty & Admin in charge from March 2012 

to July 2016 (4 years and 4 months) 

 Operation of Branch based at Surendranagar. 

mailto:ksdave11@gmail.com


 
 
 

 Providing coaching to Professional students such as CA and CS dealing with 

subjects as such accounts, audit, law and statistics 

 Providing coaching to academics students such as 11
th
 and 12

th
 Std. dealing 

with subjects as such accounts and statistics.  

 

Internship 

(3.5 years) 

  

1. Yogesh K Dave & Co., Chartered Accountants,  Ahmedabad from April 2008 to 

June 2011 

 

2. J.S. Mehta & Co., Chartered Accountants, Ahmedabad from November 2007 to 

February 2008 

 

Sr. 

No. 

Work 

Area 

Description of Work 

1.  Audit 

 

 

 Cost Audit of Pvt. Ltd. Company in Analytical and 

Test & Measuring Instruments 

 Statutory Audit of Trust and co-operative society 

 Tax audit of Partnership firms & Sole Proprietor 

 Internal Audit of NGO’s 

2.  Income 

Tax 

 Preparation of Income Tax Returns for Corporate 

and Individuals including high income professionals. 

 Preparation of TDS returns of Partnership & sole 

concerns  

 Various compliances under Income Tax like PAN 

Registration of Assesses and alteration in Assesses 

Information 

3. Indirect 

Tax 

 Filing of Service Tax Returns. 

 Various compliances under Service Tax like 

Registration of Assesses, alteration in Assesses 

Information and Cancellation of Registration with 

Service Tax Department. 

4. Other 

Works 

 Registration of trust under Indian Trusts Act, 1882. 

 Preparation of MOA & AOA for companies 

 Finalization of financial statements of Partnership 

firm & sole traders 

 Book-keeping of mid-sized traders 

 

 

 

Educational 

qualifications 

  

Professional 

Qualifications 
I.C.A.I 

CA Final (1
st
 

attempt) 
Nov-11 50.50% 

PCC (1
st
 

attempt) 
Nov-09 54.00% 

CPT (1
st
 

attempt) 
Feb-07 57.50% 

Academic 

Qualifications 

Saurashtra 

Uni. 
B. Com Apr-08 62.57% 

Gujarat 

Board 

HSC Mar-05 80.33% 

SSC Mar-03 67.00% 

Computer 

Proficiency 

 Good commands over MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS- 

Power point, Tally ERP9, 7.2, Kitret Tax, Kitret 

TDS, Computation of Tax. 

 Audit Experience on SAP (FI, MM module)/ ERP 

packages. 



 
 
 

 

 

 

 

Achievement   Participation in fraud detection and forensic investigation workshop conducted 

by adani and applying those detection methods while executing audit function.  

 A quantifiable contribution by way of recovery while doing procure to pay 

function audit. 

Extra curriculum 

 

  Participated in Rangoli & drawing competitions in Adani. 

 Participated in State Level Hand Ball Tournament (2000-2002) 

 Participated in Badminton and Carom competition during school time 

 Participated in Flower arrangement programme during school time 

Personal details   

Date of Birth 30
th
 October, 1987 

Gender Female 

Nationality Indian 

Marital Status Married 

Languages known Hindi, Gujarati and English. 

Hobbies 
Watching Movie, Listening Music, Playing Badminton 

and Carom. 

Strengths 

Proactive, Quick Learner, Team Player, Public 

Relationship Skills, Analytical and Quantitative Skills, 

Problem Solving attitude, Dynamic and adaptive in 

nature and Integrity.  

Weakness 
Debater, Talkative and Sociable 

Notice Period 1 month 

Contact details 

Khushbu Dave 

2/A, Shakti Colony, 

Bhulabhai Cross Road, 

Gita Mandir Road, 

Kankaria,  

Ahmedabad-380022 

Mobile:+91 97239 27179 

Email: ksdave11@gmail.com 
 

mailto:ksdave11@gmail.com

