


































       Sagar Ingle
Mobile: +91 8788500860     Email: ingle306@gmail.com

Attain professional enrichment in the Software Development with an organisation of high repute.

Professional Summary

 Having 2.1 years of experience as a full stack developer.
 2.1 Years of experience in Web Application development and Android App using JAVA, J2EE, JAVA using 

SDK 24  and  Restful WebServices
 Working experience on building web applications using Struts framework, Spring 3 framework, Jsp, Restful 

WebServices using jersey, Restful WebServices using Spring 3, Web technologies Javascript, Jquery, angularJS, 
AES Encryption algorithm, Tokenization Process, Google Location API, Google Push Notification, Goggle 
Frirebase database .

 Experience on database programming with JDBC.
 Good knowledge of OOPS Concepts and familiarity on using IDEs like Eclipse and Android Studio.
 Developing, testing, debugging of the application.

  Working Experience
 Working as Software Engineer in Accion Labs since October 2016 till date.(Client : TCS) 
 Worked as Software Engineer in Novire technologies since July 2015 till Aug 2016.

      Project Details

Project 1   : Mobile_APY
Description  :  Mobile application for endusers which have sbi Bank Account where user can register for apy 

scheme and transfer his first instalment at time of registration from sbi account and after 
registering for scheme user able to see his scheme details, All trasactions are encripted with 

AES algorithm with Tokenisation Precess .
Technologies Used :  Android Java with sdk-24,Restful Webservices using Spring 3.2 .
Responsibilities :  

– Developed UI (APK) and middleware which interact with core bank service for retriving details and 
performing transaction.

– Implement tokenisation process and encript-decript request and response data with aes algorithm.
– Helped in designing of the architecture.

Project 2   : SBI On Move (SOM)
Description : Tab application for bank staff for performing various banking transactions such as FD creation and 

KYC update  from bank and outside bank.
Technologies Used : Java, AngulerJs, bootstrap, Restful Webservices using Spring , Ajax, JSON.
Responsibilities :  

– Develop Apk using anguler with ionic framework .
– User Location API to find Tab location and restrict menu for bank Staff .
– Develope middleware which interact with core bank service for  performing various banking 

transactions such as FD creation and KYC update .
– Implement tokenisation process and encript-decript request and response data with aes algorithm.
– Helped in designing of the architecture.

mailto:ingle306@gmail.com


Project 3   : Integrated Vehicle Tracking System
Description : Application provide solution for supply-chain management  with tracking customers vehicle 

(company and transporters) and shows all vehicle trip details and history company and transporter 
wise. 

Technologies Used : Java, Jsp, Javascirpt, Jquery, ajax, Json  
Responsibilities :

– Involved in handling/maintenance of the application.
– Developed various modules using Java , JSPs and Struts . 
– Use MapMyIndia API , Apache POI. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Languages :      CoreJava, HTML, Servlet, Jsp, Jquery, Javascirpt, 
AngularJS

Tools               : NetBeans, Eclipse, Android Studio
Frameworks : Struts 2.0, Spring 3.0
Database :  ORACLE 10g, My-Sql , Google  Frirebase
Operating Systems                         : Windows Xp, Windows 7,  Windows10, Ubuntu
Others               :             Data Sucture,JSON,Ajax,LocationAPI,Push Notification, 

Frirebase database

  Education Details

Degree University/Board Passed Year Percentage

BE Pune University 2014 61.78

H.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 2009 58.88

S.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 2007 72.15

Personal Details

Date of Birth : 30th March 1992
Gender : Male
Address :  Airoli,Navi Mumbai.
Language Known             : English, Marathi & Hindi

I hereby declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Sagar Ingle 


