













































Mxyz Pxyz


Shalini PC                                                                                           Email: shalinipc1594@gmail.com                                                          

                                                                         Mobile No: +919742212999  
 

OBJECTIVE 

 

Intend to build a career with leading institution with committed and dedicated people, 

which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential and willing to work as a key 

player in challenging and creative environment.  
 

 

EDUCATION SUMMARY 

 

COURSE 
INSTITUTE 

(BOARD/ UNIVERSITY) 
YEAR OF 

PASSING Percentage 
 

M.Com 
 

 
Bishop Cotton Women’s Christian College 
 

2018 
 
 

 
 

71% 

     B.Com Baldwin’s Women’s Methodist College 2016 

55.63% 

 P.U.C 
St.Anne’s Women Christian Pre University 
College 

2013 
60.43% 

SSLC Sree Venkateshwara English School 2010 
53.60% 

 

PROJECT  

 

Subject: Finance 

Topic: Loans and Advances 

Industry: Bank- Sree Thayagaraja Cooperative Bank. 

Duration: 2 Months 

Project Description: The project was based on different types on loans and its varying interest rates. I 

had to work with the administrative officials of the bank to get the balance sheet and the same was used to 

find the profit position of the banking institution. The balance sheet was segregated mainly into three 

categories, I.e. 1) Short term loan 2) Medium term Loan 3) Long term Loan. 

 

On the study, I came across different features of the loans and their benefits. The bank had lesser rate of 

interest for physically challenged people and farmers. Sree Thayagaraja Cooperative Bank had only 

branches only across Bengaluru. 

 

Outcome and Benefits: The project have helped the bank to determine the loan defaulters. It has given 

them the visibility on the profit and the losses occurred with the loans. The reports gave them the 

complete data of their profiting sectors. They major profits were on the vidyasagar loan and agriculture 

loan. 

 



AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS  

 

 
 

Played throw ball in District level at School 

Won 1st prize in Relay at School 

Group leader at School for 3 Years. 

Sports Representative at St Anne’s Girl’s Pre-university College. 

Cultural Representative at Bishop Cottons Women’s Christian College 

Have received all-rounder award for being exceptional on academics, sports and cultural activities 

 
 

CERTIFICATION 

 

Banking Certification Course 

             

 

Additional Skills 

 

 

Microsoft Office 

Internet Application  

Presentation Skills. 

Email etiquette. 

 

 

Personal Profile 

 

 Date of Birth            :  15/03/1995 

 Nationality               :  Indian 

 Marital Status         :  Single 

 Languages Know           :  English, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil  

 Gender   :  Female 

 

DECLARATION 

 

       I Hereby declare that the above – furnished details are true with Proven records. 

 

 

PLACE: - Bangalore                                  SHALINI.P.C 

DATE:-   


