






































 

 
Ajay Arun Navgire 

Mob: 8888761561 
Email: ajaynavgire0386@gmail.com 

Address: Pune. 
      

       
    

      

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

 
 To achieve placement in an organization having high organization standard. 

       To work with departments where creativity is the prime requirement. 
       To succeed through dedication, own concepts & hard work. 

    

 To be one of the best surrounding & to be known for my work.  

 To be a mediator between the two, Working Staff and the Managerial Staff so as tobe 

able to give the best Quality work. 
 

 
 

Work Experience 
 
 

ABU DHABI ISLAMIC BANK (DUBAI) 
Unit Coordinator (from 05th May 2015 to 28th Feb 2018) 

 

Job Description:- 

 

 Organize interviews for short listed applicants, including arranging the interview 

date, panel,rooms and interview programme. 

 

 Communicate details of new employees to appropriate colleagues to ensure facilities 

and equipment are readily available upon commencement of employment. 

 

 To be responsible for inputting absence and leave of absence forms, chasing any 

outstanding forms and querying missing information. In addition to be responsible 

for ensuring absences are covered by statements of fitness for work as appropriate. 

 

 Undertaking Regular Attendance, salary & incentive review.  

 

 Planning and delivering training – including induction for new staff.  

 

 Monitoring & recording employee attendance, time sheet & leave request.  

 

mailto:ajaynavgire0386@gmail.com


 To Process cases of Personal Finance customers.  

 

 Keenly doing a follow up with various departments till the case gets disbursed.  

 

 Preparing payment orders after the disbursement of the case.  

 

 Prepare salary transfer letter for customers.  

 
 Support the sales staff by performing administrative services. To help 

salesrepresentatives improve their productivity and spend more time selling. 
 

 

 Prepare MIS & sales report as a basis for reports to the senior management.  

 

 Prepare reports on sales by individual representatives, sales by product line and 

sales to individual customers.  

 

 

 

GULF DRUG LLC (DUBAI) 
Sales Coordinator (From 30th Oct 2014 to 12th Apr 2015)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 Assisting the sales engineer on managing schedules and the distribution of sales.  

 Documentation, Preparing and then follows up on sales quotations made for clients.  

 Tracking sales orders to ensure that they are scheduled and sent out on time. 

 Carrying out administrative tasks such as data input, processing information, completing 

paperwork and filing documents. 

 Responding to sales queries via phone, e-mail and in writing. 

 Working closely with the sales team towards attaining monthly/annual targets and works 

closely with management as well as clients to determine current business requirements 

 Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. 

 Keeping accurate records of monthly and annual sales figures on a computer database to 

keep a track on business. 

 

THIRD EYE TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) 
Senior Sales Executive (From 1st Mar 2012 to 10th Oct 2014)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 Visit potential customers for new business. 

 Provide customers with quotations.  

 Negotiate the terms of an agreement and close sales 

 Identify new markets and business opportunities. 

 Maintains relationships with clientsby providing support, information, and guidance 

researching and recommending new opportunities. 

 Prepares reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information. 

 Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed 



BARCLAYS BANK PLC (DUBAI) 
HR Administrative Officer / Retail Service Officer (From 1stJun 2010 to 29thJan 2012)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 To handle admin duties by preparing various reports.  

 Provide payroll and benefits administration support.  

 To review invoices from Vendors with due diligence and process the payments 

accordingly.  

 To process End of Service Benefits of employees. 

 Expertise in credit card systems (CTL PRIME), Personal Loans, CRM and CASA 

systems.  

 Familiar with Nortel’s Contact Centre Manager.  

 Conducting team meetings to achieve targets and SLA.  

 Handling customer complaints with utmost quality service.  

 Assisting Team Leader to produce various reports for the team. 

 To handle process related queries and responsible for escalating issues as per the 

internal process.  

 Assist Relationship Manager(s) in maintaining & growing the commercial banking 

customer portfolio within the related business segment through acquisition of new 

customers and growth of wallet share with existing customers.  

 Cultivate existing relationship, understand and anticipate client’s needs as well as 

identify incremental sales opportunities.  

 Own customer experience and ensure service excellence at all times. 

 

HUTCHISON 3 GLOBAL SERVICES LTD (INDIA) 
Senior Customer Relation Associate (From Apr 2008 to Dec2009)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 Increase the level of sales and business mix direct from individual clients.  

 Effectively communicate with clients to gain commitment to purchase and products. 

 Handle customer’s complaint and retaining them by giving them proper solution.  

 Up selling new products launched by the company and achieving targets.  

 Preparing attendance report, and maintaining quality performance report and 

forward it to the reporting team leader.  

 

TALENT BEAT PVT LTD (INDIA) 
Assistant to HR Manager (From Apr 2007 to Mar 2008)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 

 To handle process related inquiries and responsible for escalating issues to internal 

process.  



 Attend the walk-in applicants to collect and assess their CVs. 

 To forward collected CVs to the concerned departmental heads for evaluation and 

interviews. 

 To check references, educational certificates, etc. prior to making any offers letter.  

 Assists the HR department with day to day activities.  

 To manage the flow of HR incoming mail, including e-mails.  

IBM DAKSH BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES PVT LTD (INDIA) 
Customer Service Executive (From Mar 2006 to Jan 2007)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 Attract potential customers by answering product and service questions; suggesting 

information about other products and services. 

 Resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint, 

determining the cause of the problem, selecting and explaining the best solution to 

solve the problem  

 Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.  

 Prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer 

information. 

OCEANS CONNECT PVT LTD (INDIA) 
Customer Service Representative (From Apr 2004 to Feb 2006)  

 

Job Description:- 

 

 Listen attentively to customer needs and concerns; demonstrate empathy.  

 Prepare complete and accurate work and update customer file.  

 Communicate effectively with individuals/teams in the program to ensure high.  

 Quality and timely expedition of customer requests. 

 Effectively transfer misdirected customer requests to an appropriate party. 

 Contribute ideas on ways to resolve problems to better serve the customer and/or 

improve productivity.  

 Participate in activities designed to improve customer satisfaction and business 

performance 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 

 Bachelors in Management Studies. 

 Diploma in Human Resource Management. 
 HSC (Science) fromDr.Ramkrishna More College, Pune, passed in 2004 with 

Second Class. 

 SSC from St.Ursula High School, Pune, passed in 2002 with First Class. 

 



Skills: 
 

 Monitoring and controlling the allotted work with the superior approach to achieve 

the goals. 

 To maintain balance between the organizational and employee rights and obligations.   

 Good manpower management. 

 Capable of working under pressure. 

 Capable to work with great efficiency with various MNC 

Computer Awareness : 
 

Operating Systems : MS-DOS, Windows 98/2000/XP. 

Other Computer skills: MS-office xp, MS-excel, MS-power point. 

Personal Details: 
 

Date of Birth: 03
rd
 Dec 1986 

Nationality: Indian  

Marital Status: Married 

Gender : Male 

Languages known:  English, Hindi and Marathi.  

Hobbies : Listening To Music 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above details are true as per my best 

knowledge.  

 

                                                                

(Ajay Navgire) 
 

 


