


















































                  Rashmi Pundalik
rashmipundalik@gmail.com, +919686442927
#3957,4th D Main, 17th E Cross, Banashankari 2nd Stage, Bangalore - 560070

         Objective

To give a firm start to my career by joining a company where my skills can be used effectively and to contribute to the success of the company thereby advancing my career. 
Academic Summary

	Course
	Institution
	University
	Aggregate Percentage
	Year of Passing

	Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication
	City Engineering College, Bengaluru
	Visvesvaraya Technological University
	59.83%
	2017



Achievements and Extra-Curricular Activities

· Was rewarded with a cash prize of 6000₹ for the final year project as it was selected for the state level exhibition KSCST - Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology in 2017.
· Final year project was also selected to be presented at the National Project Conference held at AMC college 2017.
· Honored with the best deserving award continuously for three years in high school.
· Secured second position in Debate competition at intra College level in 2016.
· Organized a project demonstration competition at the Citronics Club held at City Engineering college (CEC) on March 2014.
· Was an active member of the extra-curricular departmental community in PU college, and organized and conducted various events such as quizzes, debate, elocution, etc. and participated in many inter and intra collegiate tech fests.
· Bagged many prizes in school-level dance, spelling, debate, singing competitions.
· Actively participated and won many prizes in sports such as throwball, badminton, skating and athletics in school.


Project Undertaken


1. System for disease detection and NPK soil treatment 
Summary: This project involves extracting and analyzing the characteristics of the leaf and soil to determine plant diseases. Based on the data acquired, pesticides with calculated NPK are sprinkled onto the soil using sprinklers to ensure soil is fertile for the growth of healthy plants.
Tools: Microcontrollers arm LPC 2148, Embedded C, Kiel, MATLAB

Skills

Programming languages	: C, Verilog, VHDL, Microcontroller, Microprocessor.
Tools used			: Turbo C, MASM, MATLAB, Eagle PCB editor, Xilinx
Operating Systems	: Windows, Ubuntu, Red hat Linux

Personal Profile


Date of Birth			: July 9, 1995
Nationality			: Indian
Passport	Number		: Available
Languages proficient in	: English, Kannada, Hindi
Hobbies				: Singing, playing badminton




