












































Nishu Gupta

Kiran K N
A449, GM E-City Town Apartment

Shri Mahayogi vemana road, Electronic City 

Bengaluru - 560100
Cell +91 9611764643 







Email:kiraneee.cit@gmail.com   
OBJECTIVE

To obtain a challenging role with a progressive organization that will fully utilize my knowledge, skills & professional expertise and help me in reaching higher echelons.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
IT professional with over 3.9 years of experience in .Net technology. Proficient in coding applications using MVC, C sharp, and VB.Net. Implemented data layer of an application that interacts with MS SQL Server. Quick learner and excellent team member with good communication skills.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Framework/ Applications: 


Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 and 2013 
Languages: 





C Sharp, VB.Net, JavaScript, 
Web Technologies:




MVC, ASP.Net, JQuery, Ajax, HTML, CSS
Other areas of Knowledge: 


WCF
Databases: 





SQL 2008 and 2012
WORK SUMMARY & PROJECT DETAILS
Company: 





Infosys Ltd.
Role        : 





Senior Systems Engineer 
Duration : 





Feb’14 – Present


Project #1

Application name: Compass 




Duration: July’15 – Present 

Compass is an internal application used to bridge the gap between project requirements and eligible employees by considering the employee’s skill set. The application is developed using the MVC technology and the SQL server.

Roles & Responsibilities: Worked on designing the front end of application using the HTML, jQuery and CSS. Main module of the application is the profile, user needs to update profile which contains skills, interest areas, certifications etc. Depending on the user profile data we use to display the opportunities details in the application. As the application is user interactive used AJAX, jQuery to pass the data to the controller and created the DB objects to add/update the records in the database. Used WCF services to fetch the opportunities from the different applications and created internal services to fetch the data from database. Followed agile methodology in developing the application, also involved in testing and maintenance of the application.
Project #2

Application name: Skill Central




Duration: July’14 – Jun’15
      
Skill central is an internal application used to capture the skill set details of the employees and the resume/profile. The application is developed using the VB.Net, WCF services and the SQL server.
Roles & Responsibilities: Worked on designing the front end of application using the HTML and CSS. Getting the requirements from the business owners, analyse the requirements and implement/ modify the changes. Created the DB objects to add/update the records in the database and the batch jobs for the back end update or to trigger the mails for the user. Worked on the WCF services to provide the data to other applications and created few macros to automate the process like getting the reports from the database.
Key Achievements


· Awarded with Spot Award for the best performance in the “Compass” application.
· Compass won the "best concept award" in NHRDA (National HRD).  
· Compass won the silver award in AFE as the “best project”.
· INSTA award for individual contribution to "Compass" application. 
EDUCATION

	Course
	Specialization
	Institution
	Completion
	%

	Bachelor of Engineering
	Electrical & Electronics Engineering
	Channabasaveshwara Institute of Technology, Gubbi, Tumkur (VTU university)
	2013
	72.19



	
	
	
	
	

	Pre-Degree (12th Class)
	Science Stream
	VidyaVahini PU College, Tumkur
	2009
	76.67



	Secondary School  

Certificate (10th Class)
	Generic Stream


	Priya English School, Gubbi


	2007

	79.52




PERSONAL VITAE

Date of Birth

:
01st May, 1992
Passport Number
:
M3525066
Languages Known
:
English & Kannada
