




















































Elegant Resume

 
A-7, UPENDRA HSG SOCIETY, SAI NAGAR,VASAI(W), THANE-401202
Cell:-9594048200,Email:-hemangi_d1981@yahoo.co.in

 rujuta budhkar
	objective

	
	To use my analytical skill ability to communicate ideas, commitment to perform quality work and relevant experience to improve efficiency and make the most of my professional expertise.

	Education

	
	
· Mar’ 03                Mumbai university                          B.Com
· Feb’00                 k.v Pendharkar College                   H.S.C
· Mar’98                 Adarsh English School                   S.S.C

	Work Experience

	
	June 12 – till 27th May Tech Mahindra Business Services                      
Worked for Data Support Team (Senior Tech Support Officer)
Worked for Vodafone Technical Support Team(Senior Tech Support Officer)
Worked in Work Force Management Team as Analyst.
1. Managed real time monitoring for Mumbai sits
2. Create Call Queue Management report to determine the performance of the departments every interval.
3. Flex agents between required skill sets.
4. Outage management- Liase with the internal service desk,client service desk and operations to ensure outages if any are resolved at the earliest thus ensuring minimal impact to production
5. Action the swap requests
6. Manage intraday report every hour
7. Trigger for initiating contingency plans for unusual volume or agent availability situations, coordinating with the Command Centre and various levels within operations
8. Manage the Tour/Preference, PTO and UTO process
9. Creating Break Schedule for all the departments on daily basis.
10. Co-ordinate with Ops Team to execute the desire action.
11. Currently working on Shift track.
12. Create roster.
13. Plan monthly activities for the agents for Vodafone Australia taking shrinkage in to consideration.
14. Manage various reports such as Intraday report, Daily impact report, Leave planner, Weekly call data which is shared with client every week, over utilsation report, shrinkage report etc.
15. Manage the tickets raised by Team leader and Ops Manager of Austrlia Vodafone regarding roster, leaves, activites built in their schedule.
May 06 – till june 12   Convergys India Services Pvt. Ltd.                       Thane    
Senior tech support officer(dsld & dsl)
Supported Optus residential and business customer for internet issues
Workforce Management (Floor Controller)
Manage real time monitoring and intraday management for Optus programs for Thane and Delhi sites.
Collaborate with site teams daily, evaluating staffing needs and communicate adjustments to staffing in support of operational service level, changes in staffing requirements based on unplanned events or excess call volumes. 
Create Seat Capacity Report to determine peak staffing intervals and ensure seating is planned in advance and real-time seating issues are minimized.
Monitor overtime usage and make adjustments to ensure overtime is used in compliance with directives from site leadership 
Mitigate Schedule changes to cover up any staffing gaps incase of unscheduled trainings & communicating the changes to the F&S team..
Maintain staffing analysis reporting thus identifying project staffing and scheduling needs to achieve daily service level standards. 
Monitor program/agent performance real time on multiple systems to ensure performance is within pre-set parameters
Work with Ops team to execute desired actions.
Implement actions / recommendations as suggested by Command Centre.
Approve OT based on Operations requirement.
Manage seats.
Flex agents between required CMS Skills on Avaya CMS supervisor.
Trigger for initiating contingency plans for unusual volume or agent availability situations, coordinating with the Command Centre and various levels within operations. 
Manage the Tour/Preference, PTO and UTO process. 
Outage management- Liase with the internal service desk,client service desk and operations to ensure outages if any are resolved at the earliest thus ensuring minimal impact to production.
Consult with Command Center to determine status of systems issues, floor issues, program issues, current alerts, overall (all sites) status, and production affecting trouble ticket status. 
Work with supervisors to resolve schedule adherence issues, escalating to Operations Managers if necessary. 
Oct.’04-Jan 06  Sutherland Technologies                 Malad, Mumbai 
Help Desk Engineer
Worked for Hp technical support
Worked for Symantec (Norton Antivirus)
June 03-Sep 04    Page Point India Pvt. Ltd.	                             Mumbai
Tele marketing executive and Team Leader

Worked for Standard Chartered Bank Personal Loan
· Handled the team of 10 members
· Giving the training for new employee about the product
· Sending the report about the team performance on daily basis 

June 03-Sep 04    Andromeda Marketing Pvt Ltd
Worked for Citi bank Personal Loan
worked as coordinator


	Acheivements

	
	Supported Work force management as Floor Controller, learnt planning and controlling shrinkage to manage business smoothly
Monitored the calls for my team members and given the feedback  on quality

	Interests

	
	Listening to Music, watching T.V, Traveling

	Languages

	
	Fluent in English, Hindi & Marathi






	2
