















































Sagnik Ghosh         
16.08.1992           

Single | Male 

Marketing 

Contact: 7829378000 

preet.sagnik@gmail.com 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

Seeking to work in an organization where I can apply and enhance my knowledge and skills to continuously add value to the task in 
hand while achieving organizational goals. 

 

ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS 

MBA 2014-2016 SIBM Bangalore (SIU, Pune) 3.3/4 

B. Tech (CSE) 2010-2014 KIIT University, Bhubaneswar 7.62/10 

Class XII 2009-2010 St. Xavier's Institution(ISC) 87.75% 

Class X 2007-2008 St. Xavier's Institution(ICSE) 96.20% 

 Scholarship from St. Xavier’s Institution for marks obtained in Class X and Class XII 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

Corporate Account Manager, Aspiring Minds Pvt. Ltd.                                                                                              Aug ‘17 –Present 

Roles and 

Responsibilities 

 Responsible for market in Western Region focusing on Mumbai  

  Closed and converted multiple Enterprise accounts across BFSI, IT, Media and other industries with an average ticket size 

        of INR 10,00,000 

 Handle a portfolio of INR 1, 00, 00,000. 

 Led and oversaw all aspects of project launch across industries(BFSI, IT, Media to name a few) for customers  

 Worked on end-to-end sales cycle, starting from lead generation to closure 

Business Lead (SEA & MENA), LogiNext Solutions Pvt. Ltd.                                                                                                October ‘16 –July ‘17 

Roles and 

Responsibilities 

 Responsible for market expansion in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, UAE  

  Led and oversaw all aspects of project launch across 5 countries for customer 

 Closed and converted multiple Enterprise accounts across global territories with an average ticket size of USD 40,000 

 Worked with Integral Strategic and Tech Team for successful SAAS launch for international markets  

 Worked on market entry strategy for the organization in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, UAE  

 Developed short/long-term sales and marketing strategies including setting sales targets, pipeline and policies 

 Worked on creating a standard set-up for lead generation, cold-calling and demo delivery 

Achievements 
 Secured 1st position in “Salesathon” in both team and individual award category for maximum lead generation and 

increasing overall growth and sales for LogiNext 

Business Development Manager, LogiNext Solutions Pvt. Ltd.                                                                               April ‘16 –October ‘16 

Roles and 

Responsibilities 

Business Development 

 Generate Business Opportunities for the organization at the enterprise level 

 Worked on market entry, establishment, expansion strategies 

  Work on all phases of end-to-end sales cycle including pre-sales presentations, client persuasion and conducting 

negotiations and contracting terms with clients 

Key Account Management 

 Have ensured effective on-boarding of new clients and streamlining smooth operations at the client's end for over 50 

enterprise clients 

 Identifying sales opportunities with existing clients & initiating up-selling & cross-selling talks  

 Worked with product and operations management team to develop creative workable solutions and customization to 

fulfil customer needs 

 Responsible for providing end to end support for clients across multiple countries 

Marketing 

 Involved in content strategy and content creation for Marketing Team 

 Regular writer for official blog 

Achievements 
 Established a completely new market for organization by building a client base from scratch in Bangalore and on boarded 

over 25 Enterprise clients in a period of 6 months 

 

mailto:preet.sagnik@gmail.com


 

INTERNSHIPS AND PROJECTS 

Bharti Airtel Ltd., India                                                                                                                                        Apr ’15–May ‘15 

Internship 

 Marketing Research- Bengaluru Zone Bifurcation Plan - 8-week project 

 Airtel Vodafone Joint Fiber Build Planning 

 Identification of additional potential in the vicinity of existing manholes  

 Shifting Reject Fulfillment Plan 

Hindustan Unilever   Oct ’14–Nov ‘14 

Live Project 

 Lifebuoy-Lifesaver’s Volunteer Program 

 Help children learn the value of hygiene through charts and graphic comics 

 Teach them the specifics steps for maintaining personal hygiene and keeping germs at bay 

IBM Training Center (Moniba Computer Academy Pvt. Ltd.), Kolkata                                                                                        May ‘13-June ‘13                                                                                                                                                                                         

Project 

  Conceptualized the design of a Library Management System 

 Academic Project on “Library Management System” based on DB2 at MCAPL under IBM Advanced Career   
Education. 

 Created a portal for online interaction and document exchange between teachers and students in a 
college and along with a library system. 

 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 Certificate in J2EE Programming through Web Sphere Application Server with a Grade of 'A'. 

 Certificate in Information Management Basics (RDMS Design with DB2) through IBM DB2. 

 

AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 

Positions of 
Responsibility 

 Editor of SymBeat (Official News Letter for SIBM Bengaluru) and Magazine 
 Coordinator for MBASKool 
 Member of Public Relations & Media Committee for SIBM Bengaluru 
 Head Content Team for TedX SIBM Bengaluru  
 Core Member Odyssey (Literature Club SIBM Bengaluru) 
 Elected Governor of St. Xavier's Institution in the academic year 2008-09. 
 Elected House Captain of St. Xavier's Institution in the academic year 2006-07 to 2008-09. 
 Captain of school (St. Xavier's Institution) Basketball Team. 

Extra-Curricular 
Activities 

 Secured 4th Position in Zinnov All India Live Project Competition. 
 Visharad in Rabindra Sangeet under Sarbabharatiya Sangeet-O-Sanskriti Parishad. 
 Senior Diploma in ART under Sarbabharatiya Sangeet-O-Sanskriti Parishad. 
 3rd place in Regional Declamation Contest of Association of Schools for the Indian School Certificate, 

West Bengal Chapter, 2009. 
 Champion in Annual Football Tournament - 2013, King's Palace 6 at KIIT University 
 Captain of Football Team in Annual Football Tournament - 2013, King's Palace 6 at KIIT University 
 School Writer for the Annual TTIS (The Telegraph in Schools) Competition 
 Member of Drama Club in School (St. Xavier’s Institution). 
 Member of Music Club in School (St. Xavier’s Institution). 
 Writer for the Annual School Magazine and the Bi-weekly School Magazine. 
 Member of Creative Team in School (Creation of Posters and Tag Lines for Events). 

 


