

















































‍‍Siva Subramanya Varma Pakalapati
Flat# 201, Balaji Enclave, Mitra Hills, Hydernagar, Hyderabad-85 
| +91 8095480634 | pakalapatissvarma@gmail.com
Summary
Results-oriented Technology Analyst worked in Mainframe technology with extensive experience of 4 Years and 4 months in iterative project process methodologies involved in requirement gathering, design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance of time critical corporate applications. 
A self-motivated individual with excellent inter-personal communication and multitasking skills who has extensive experience in working with multi-cultural and cross-functional teams.
Education
B.Tech | may 2012 | jb institute of engineering & technology, hyderabad
Specialization: Computer Science & Engineering
Aggregate: 78.3%
intermediate education | may 2008 | aditya junior college, kakinada
Specialization: Mathematics, Physics & Chemistry
Aggregate: 90.7%
secondary education (SSC) | apr 2006 | bhashyam public school, kakinada
Aggregate: 90.5%
Technical Expertise
· Operating Systems		: Z/OS, Windows
· Languages			: JCL, COBOL
· Data Base			: DB2
· Data Base Tools			: SPUFI
· Configuration Management Tools	: Endevor
· Test Aided Tools			: Xpediter, File-AID
· Test Management Tools		: Quality Center
· OLTP				: CICS



Work Experience
client: royal bank of scotland | infosys limited, mysore | oct’2016-Till date
Project: European Depositor Guarantee Scheme
A technical solution to inform the customers on their statement of their eligibility of protection and provide further reference to Financial Services Compensation Scheme or Depositor Guarantee Scheme.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Key Resource for the Brand & Product Parameterization (BPP) application.
Created Functional Specifications by analyzing the requirements from various applications.
Created Application Design for the BPP, which included 17 new & a change in 15 COBOL-CICS-DB2 
Modules.
Created Component Design and coded the new & amended modules with a team size of 3.
Handled the Unit Testing and System Testing. 
Supported the User Acceptance Testing.
Involved in the Implementation and warranty support

CLIENT: Royal Bank of Scotland | Infosys Limited, Edinburgh (Onsite) | jul’2016-sep’2016
Project: Faster Payment Services.
An automated process in Brand & product Parameterization application to replace the manual process of updating the RBS systems with new Faster Payment enabled sort codes received via Extended Industry Sort Code Directory.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Created Simple Small Estimates by analyzing the requirements.
Created Simple Process Design Document which includes the design of the application.
Handled the Coding & Unit testing.
Supported System & User Acceptance Testing.

CLIENT: williams & Glyn | Infosys Limited, Edinburgh (onsite) | feb’2016-jun’2016
Project: Rainbow2 
To create a new bank under the terms of reconstructing plan that RBSG has agreed with European Commission to divest its 311 RBS branches in England, Wales & Scotland including their 1.8 million personal and 247 thousand small & medium enterprises along with 1200 mid-sized corporate customers.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Acted as a Technical Lead for the BPP Application to support System Integration Testing.
Handled a total of 3 SIT Cycles in the Source Test environment, 3 in Target Test environment and 
2 in Target Production environment. 
Created Build & Run Instructions, Support Information documents for each cycle.
Handled the high priority defects.
Worked with Client very closely to understand the typical changes required and implemented.
Supported our application online keying in the new Target Development Region.
Involved in Pre-Implementation activities such as reviewing the SOEs, technical checkouts.
Guided the Offshore team in handling & fixing the defects.

CLIENT: Royal Bank of Scotland/Williams & Glyn | Infosys Limited, Mysore | Oct’2013-jan’2016
Project: Rainbow2 
Roles & Responsibilities:
Created Application Design using the Functional Specification for the Target Build Stream (Non-ETL).
Created Component Design with Application Design as reference.
Handled the Unit & Component Integration Testing.
Developed Induction kit and conducted knowledge transfer sessions to the new joiners.
Guided the team resources in all the phases like Coding & Testing.
Supported our application in Source System Testing cycles.
Supported 3 Target System Testing cycles by taking the whole responsibility including the ETL stream.
Involved in the ST pre-implementation activities such as reviewing the Build & Run Instructions, SOEs and in technical checkouts.
Handled & Fixed System testing defects.

Training Experience
infosys limited, mysore | Jul’2013-sep’2013
Trained in Mainframe Technologies
Got extensive training under Education and Research Department, Infosys in the following areas:
JCL
COBOL
CICS
DB2
REXX
Introduction to Production Environment
The training included the theoretical sessions, practical sessions followed by the module assessment.
Worked on the Cobol-Cics-Db2 project new bank system during final phase of training.
Cleared the training with CGPA 4.7/5.
Infosys Limited, mysore | may’2013-jun’2013
Trained in Basic Programming Languages.
Got extensive training under Education and Research Department, Infosys in the following areas:
Object Oriented Programming
RDBMS
Design & Analysis of Algorithms
Web Technologies
Software Engineering
The training included the theoretical sessions, practical sessions followed by the module assessment.
Cleared the training with CGPA 4.5/5.
Certifications
· Infosys certified Mainframe Developer 101a (Internal).
· IBM certified DB2 10.1 Fundamentals (External).
Ratings & Achievements
· Rated as Outstanding (Best rating in Infosys) for the years 2015 & 2016.
· Got Infosys prestigious Insta award for Q2’2014-15, Q2’2016-17, Q3’2016-17, Q1’2017-18 & Q3’2017-18.
· Got RBS Excellence award for the year 2016.
· Received lot of Appreciation mails from client on successful deliveries.
· Certified as Tier3 Subject Matter Expert for RBS Core Banking application – Brand & Product Parameterization.
· Submitted a BOK on ‘Debugging of Online TOR modules using Xpediter’.
Personal Profile
· Date Of Birth		: 24-April-1991
· Sex			: Male
· Nationality		: Indian
· Languages Known	: English, Telugu, Hindi, Kannada
· Marital Status		: Single
· Permanent Address	: Flat# F2, Plot# 155, Athidhi Savitri Plaza, Suresh Nagar, Kakinada-4.





Page 4
