

















































Resume Wizard

	Flat no 62, bldg no 12, vijay garden, ghodbunder road, thane west- 400615
PHONE 0091 9920747574,  •

	E-MAIL: rajeshree_jadhav@yahoo.co.in


rajeshree r jadhav

	Overview

	
	· Total experience of 19+ years.
· A dynamic professional with 12+ years of experience in Customer Relationship Management, Service Quality and MIS & reporting.

· Currently working with ICICI Securities Ltd as Assistant Vice President.

· Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self motivation, creativity and initiative to achieve both personal and corporate goals.
· Strong business acumen with skills to remain on the cutting edge and drive new business through conceptualizing strategies.

	occupational contour

	
	· May 2005- To Date working with ICICI Securities Ltd, Mumbai as Assistant Vice President.
Current Responsibilities:

Lead Management

1. Identifying different avenues for lead generation ensuring quality and automation.

2. Ensuring strategies in place for achieving lead conversion target.

3. Involve relevant stakeholders to ensure targets in sync

4. To ensure the lead generation is for the entire product basket offered by the company.

5. Organize R&R every month for the Call Center for leads sourced by them.

6. Adherence to MIS of leads v/s conversion for all sources.

7. Explore various opportunities of customer contact either through voice blast/ emails/ SMS etc.

Service Quality:

1. Connect functions to deliver seamless, differentiated customer experiences

2. Presenting dashboards to Senior Management analyzing key performance parameters

3. Conducting customer satisfaction survey once a year across all segments ie. PWM, Retail, ATS, ERS, Sub-broker customers and EAG

4. Coordinating with internal teams to strategize way forward in improving NPS scores

5. Conducting mystery shopping exercise atleast once in a quarter to monitor conformation of processes

6. Increasing the reach by sharing findings of C-sat survey and mystery shopping with regional teams through visits.

7. Provide future strategic direction on overall customer experience management based on customer insights.

MIS Reporting and Analytics:

1. Ensure publishing and printing of Customer Service MIS with 100% accuracy and within the timelines defined.

2. Automation of all manually run reports.

3. Presenting all relevant reports to Business Heads through Service Snapshot on a monthly basis.

4. Setting targets for Teams internally to ensure improvement in figures.

Service Plus:

1. Cross-selling and up-selling of products and services through phone banking where targets are in line with strategic objectives.

2. Ensure that guidelines and policies are followed while engaging customers.

3. Explore alternate channels like SMS, automated calls, etc to achieve target.

Vendor Management:

1. Engaging with different vendors to provide differential experience to vendors  in low cost

2. Reaching out to customers through OBDs, SMS etc for various internal processes like LMS, activation, etc

Responsibilities Handled:

Customer Service:

1. Resolution of customer queries and complaints within the turn around time defined with 100% accuracy.

2. To handle customer escalations and resolution within the TAT defined with maximum customer satisfaction.

3. Audit of the responses sent (on sample basis) by the Phone banking team to the customers.

4. Identifying need gaps for training requirements within the team and also to the Phone Banking team.
FCRM Maintenance:

1. To add/modify/delete Service Requests in FCRM (Finnacle Customer Relationship Management) depending on process and product changes.
2. Monitoring of all SRs to ensure routing to correct teams.
3. To define TAT for all new SRs by coordinating with process heads.
4. TAT crunching for all SRs with increased TAT.

Call Center Co-ordination:

1. Co-ordination with the Phone Banking team to ensure customer queries/ complaints handled within TAT.

2. Monitoring of AHT (Average Handling Time).
3. To monitor various other parameters like 100% occupancy, weekly and monthly roaster etc.

4. Revenue generation through Phone Banking team by cross selling.
5. Arranging for Award functions and Town Hall for the team.

6. Assisting them with various process and product related changes and announcements.

7. Handling outbound calling through CNT team for service issues/ queries and cross sell

Customer Retention:

1. Customer retention through calling by Phone Banking team.

2. Identifying various process and product gaps through such calling.

3. Fixing such gaps internally by coordinating with Process Heads.

4. To come up with various schemes to retain customers.

Customer Feedback:

1. Conducting customer feedback surveys internally and through outsourced agencies.

2. Represent the VOC and customer life cycle experience and work at finding to improve the CS experience   

       within the company

3. To present such findings at the Terminator Dashboard for all Business units and teams.

4. To ensure improvement in the customer satisfaction scores by coordinating with all teams internally and 
       fixing process issues.

Site and Process Improvement:

1. Identifying issues having financial implications and setting up standardized processes to reduce 

       queries.

2. Proactive Communications to all customers through mailers regarding product update.

3.  Identifying process gaps, coordinating with internal teams to bridge the gaps.

4. Daily Site audit, identifying and rectifying errors. 

5. Updating site with new updates to ensure improvement in customer’s transaction experience.

6. Monitoring of Blog sites and addressing customer complaints by routing such complaints to the escalation 
       team.

· June 2003- May 2005 was working in Aditya Birla BPO, Mumbai

Responsibilities Handled:

1. Selling Citibank NRI Accounts in two markets – Singapore and Europe.

2. Training the new recruits on the product. Basically giving them information about the market specifics.

3. Distributing leads to all the agents.

4. Was handling the team of Singapore in the absence of the Team Leader for one month.

Achievements: I have not only achieved my targets every month but have made sure that everyone in the team has also performed.

· Feb 2002 – August 2002 was working in e-Serve International Ltd, Mumbai

Responsibilities Handled:

1. Was doing Corporate Credit Card Collection for Citibank.

2. Have also done some Individual Credit Card Collection

Achievements: I have made the highest ever collection in the Corporate Sector the month I joined.

· Sep 2001- Jan 2002 was working in TracMail (India) P Ltd, Mumbai

Responsibilities Handled:

1. Was doing Credit Card Collection for Bank of America- US project.

2. Was then moved to Individual Credit Card Collection

Achievements: Was selected the best CSR in November 2001

· June 2000- Sep 2001 was working in Eastern Netway P Ltd, Mumbai

Responsibilities Handled:

1. Was working as a Medical Transcriptionist

2. In-charge of recruiting new people.

3. Giving them training.

4. Incharge of Attendance and Salary

5. Was also doing Quality Supervision of the new agents.

Achievements: Was promoted from an Agent to Office Incharge in six months.



	Educational credentials

	
	1993-1998
University of Mumbai          B.Com
Mumbai, India

MBA in Finance from ICFAI University


	CERTIFICATION

	       NISM Series VII: Securities Operations and Risk Management Certification Examination

      AMFI : Mutual Fund Advisor’s Module


	

	Languages

	
	English, Hindi, Gujrati, Marathi and Sindhi



	Interests

	
	Music, Sports and Surfing on the net


RAJESHREE JADHAV

