
















































          M. PRASANTH

Ph.No: +91-7358335048                             email-Id: mprashanth.mprashanth@gmail.com

Objective
 Obtain a position in an esteemed company where the training experience, program development skills and technical abilities can be maximized and serve the company with the same.
Work Experience
· Working as Software Engineer for HCL Technologies, Chennai from Feb 2015 to till date.

Key Deliverables:

· 2.9  years of experience as Software Engineer in Mainframe.
· Hands on Experience in JCL, COBOL.
· Theoretical knowledge on DB2, VSAM and CICS.
 
Projects Undertaken
Role	             : Mainframe Developer
Client		: Commonwealth Bank of Australia(CBA)
Languages       : JCL, COBOL, VSAM.
Description      	
	CBA is a multinational bank with business worldwide in Australia. Joined existing onshore team as Mainframe Developer and successfully designed, developed business solutions. The project which aims to provides a variety of financial services including retail, business and institutional banking, funds management, insurance, investment and broking service. Coordinated with the business and P&A team to understand the system requirements and then analysing and designing solutions to accomplish the same. Involved in various successful releases to accomplish CBA’s needs.
Responsibility


· Gathered business requirements from Business Analyst.
· Designed and implemented appropriate codes using JCL, COBOL and VSAM files to meet requirements.






Educational Qualifications
1. B.Tech from JNTUA College of Engineering, Pulivendula with 64.29%.

2. Intermediate from Sri Chaitanya College with 92.4%.

3. SSC from Sri Venkateswara Childrens High School with 88.77%.


Technical Skills
Programming Languages                  :           JCL,COBOL,VSAM, CICS
Database				:	DB2 
 
Interests
To keep updated to the current affairs, to make new acquaintances, to explore the knowledge which remained unknown
Personal Profile
Name: M.Prasanth

Date of Birth: 25th  June, 1993
ADDRESS: 18-1-7/12, Ramachandra nagar, K.T.Road, Tirupathi – 517501.
 Place:Tirupahi.
 Date:17-02-2016
