














































                

 

 

 

 

.  

 

     Python                   R                       SAS               Hive/SQL              VBA 

LOHIT KUMAR                     
Analytics Professional 

Skills 

Introduction 

7.5 Years of experience into data analytics and statistical modeling using machine 

learning algorithms with experience in BFSI manufacturing and retail domain. 

worked on leveraging analytics in marketing, pricing and campaign management.    

 

 

9666660315 

lohitjohnny@gmail.com 

 
Education 

 M.Tech 

IIT Bombay (2010) 

 B. Tech  

 University College, JNTU (2008) 

 

 

 

Experience  

Infosys, Hyderabad 

 Operation Research Problem for Minimal ATM Cashouts            Tool-Python 

Worked on solving an OR problem to ultimately generate a schedule which  

would minimize cashouts and total trips taken to replenish 1000+ATMs and 

cash withdrawal machines for an ASEAN bank. 

 Predicting Employee Attrition                                                                    Tool-R 

Developed a HR employee attrition model based on Random forest  for a 

Singapore major to help identify employee attrition and improve the benefits 

Standard Chartered Bank, Mumbai & Bangalore                                  

 Scorecard development for African & Middle East Markets      Tool-Python 

Developed X Sell, attrition and deepening models for counties across 

multiple products, lead the project deliverables from design to 

Implementation, regularized logistic, random forest, and other ensemble 

machine learning techniques were used. 

 Pricing Calculator                                                                 Tool-Excel VBA and SAS 

Developed a risk based pricing framework, to price a customer real time 

taking care profitability and customer centricity. 

 Insurance Models for ASEAN countries 

Worked on development of model/rule based models for non-life and life 

insurance to increase insurance portfolio penetration across existing clients. 

 Business banking forex models 

Developed classic bin based logistic models for increasing forex transactions 

 

Business banking forex models 

Developed classic bin based logistic models for increasing forex transactions 

 

 

 
Experience  

 Infosys (Senior Lead Analyst) 

May’2017- present 

 Stan-Chart Bank (Manager) 

Jul’2013- Apr’2017 

 Genpact (Assistant Manager) 

Jul’2010- Jul’2013 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Certifications and Recognitions 

 Base SAS certified 

 Top 1% CBSE mathematics   

 99% in GATE 

 Green belt certified 

 

 
 Functional Skills 

 Analytical Insights 

 Marketing Analytics 

 Machine Learning 

 Statistical Modeling 

 Risk based pricing 

 Campaign Management 

 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

           

 Report Card: 

 

 

83%

93%

79%

83%

X

Inter

B.TECH

M.Tech

 

 Retention Framework for PL, CASA CC and HL    

Developed a retention framework and then implemented the same at 

AARU (retention unit), for all key products, the tool gives best benefits to 

the customers, CC tool had almost retained 75% clients who had come for 

card closure. Mortgage tool is currently implemented in other countries. 

 Campaign for INDIA Business 

Worked on reward point campaigns with CC product head and implanted 

and analyzed the campaign effectiveness, campaign increased the 

response rate by 3%. 

 Data-mart for ASEAN countries                                                             Tool-Hive  

Worked up on setting up DataMart for Asean countries from raw datasets 

using HIVE to come up with rich datasets for insights  

 

 Genpact, Bangalore 

 Decision tree based repair predictor tool      

Identified rules to predict when an engine would go for repair, the 

identification of new rules for improvement of failure forecasting tool 

lead to 32$k savings 

 Lean Green Belt 

Saved 25K $ and 1372 hours annually by developing a tool to automate 

the input database for repair forecasting tool.  

 Forecast prediction for engine parts  

Predicted forecast for engine parts using Weibull distribution for 

complex failure mechanism and time series forecast for homogeneous 

parts to estimate overall cost of a contract. 

Automations 

 Fine-Classing (Binning) tool  

Developed fine class binning tool to automate the classical binning of 

variables for modeling purpose 

 Tool for frontend  

Automated the RM assist tool, which would help RM to effectively 

converse with the client keeping in view balance changes/ client 

behavior  

 Deployed Automated S2S Channel for India business 

Worked on strategies for pitching the right product for sales through 

service and designed and implemented the data/tool for frontend to 

effectively pitch the product. 

 

 

 

 

 

 Leisure 

 Cricket –Won Man of the  

Match for college trophy 

 Play Congo/Bongo  

 Travel 


