














































Amit Sharma 

9998582455 

Amit50060@gmail.com 

"The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the 

door to personal excellence" 

Highly focused and detail-oriented Account Manager with an exceptional record of client service and 

revenue generation. Able to manage multiple simultaneous projects with high efficiency and accuracy.  

Adept at working independently or managing a professional accounting team. 

 

Core Qualifications 

 Extensive account management experience 

 Excellent record in maximizing business value through comparable service solution sales 

 Strong record in sound account strategy implementation 

 Superior ability to cultivate strong and durable client relationships 

 Exceptional negotiation and leadership abilities 

 Outstanding written and oral communication skills 
 

Professional Experience:  

Eteam Inc.           Apr 2015 - Present  

Service Delivery Specialist          Jan 2017 – Present 

Client: Morgan Stanley, MasterCard, Liberty Mutual Insurance, Lincoln Financial Group, KBRwyle, 

MassMutual. 

 Serve as the lead point of contact for all customer account management matters 

 Build and maintain strong, long-lasting client relationships 

 Negotiate contracts and close agreements to maximize profits 

 Develop trusted advisor relationships with key accounts 

 Ensure the timely and successful delivery of our solutions according to customer needs and objectives 

 Handle VMS Beeline and Fieldglass for MSP requirements and forecast and track key account metrics (e.g. 
quarterly sales results and annual forecasts) 

 Develop new business with existing clients and/or identify areas of improvement  

 Collaborate with sales team to identify and grow opportunities within territory 

 Assist with challenging client requests or issue escalations as needed 

 Represent candidates throughout the interview process and contract duration 

 Receive performance feedback on current contractors and deliver feedback to contractors 

 Review requirements with recruiting team to ensure successful fulfillment of clients openings 

 Partnering with hiring managers to determine staffing needs  

 Screening resumes 

 Performing in-person and phone interviews with candidates 

 Submitting candidates information via email, phone, or in person to HR or hiring manager 

 Preparing and training candidates for interviews 

 Delivering performance feedback for candidates once hired 
 

Account Lead and Recruitment Lead             Mar 2016 - Jan 2017  

Client: Bank of Montreal , Lincoln Financial Group, LMI, Honeywell US, Honeywell Canada, Motorola  

 Leading a team of 8 Recruiters.  

 Understanding the Recruiter's Skills Knowledge and Specialization and assigning job Requirement 
Accordingly which helps to meet the Turnaround time. Follow up with Recruiters every half-an hour to 

know to status on the requirement assigned, re-designing the strings to help them find more candidates on 

the Internal Databases and portals.  



 Spending Time with Recruiters and helping them filling the Requirement if needed. Screening each Profile 
before submitting it to the hiring manager.  

 Responsible for the full life cycle of sourcing, screening, interviewing and closing the positions.  

 Filtering through and reviewing complete candidate profile/resume and evaluated applicants work history, 
education and training, job skills, desired salary/hourly rate, and personal qualifications against open 

requirements. Follow-up with candidates for Client Evaluation Schedules/Re-schedules, and also on updates 

before and 

 

Senior Technical Recruiter                Apr 2015 - Mar 2016  

Client: Bank of Montreal , Lincoln Financial Group, LMI, Honeywell US, Honeywell Canada, Motorola 

 Handled full life cycle Sales and Recruiting activities to include; Posting Positions, Prescreening & 
Interviewing candidates over phone, obtaining leads and reference checking, client interview arrangements, 

closing and offer preparation. 

 Responsible for closures of technical professionals into both contract and permanent employment 
opportunities. 

 Has strong experience with high volume recruiting.  

 Possess strong sense of Urgency, Flexibility 

 Working with Accounts / Resource managers on all staffing related issues, such as recruitment, selection of 
candidates, offers, salary negotiation, interview techniques and closing candidates. --Discuss the "core" of 

the job description, and deliver exceptional IT candidates in a timely fashion. 

 Gathering and maintaining placement statistics for client and internal reports and bench marking purposes. 
Interviewed candidates to establish a relationship by conducting personal interviews to match skills to a 

specific client job order while adhering to labor and employment laws. 

 

IMS PEOPLE PVT LTD          Oct 2014 - Apr 2015  

Recruitment Consultant   

Client: BNYM, LMI, Waste Management  

 Handled full cycle of Recruitment. From Requirement understanding to sourcing of candidates through 
in-house database 

 Adhering to guidelines and standards. 

 Consistently following up with candidates. 

 Liaison & Co-ordinate between the Client and Candidates till the final placement. 

 Searching resume from Job portals. 

 Provide information of the opening and other details to the job seeker. 

 Initial phone screening of candidates. 
 

Pacific imfoweb                 Sep 2012 to Oct 2014  

Team Manager / Executive Recruiter   

 Handling full life cycle Sales and Recruiting activities to include; Posting Positions, Prescreening & 

 Interviewing candidates over phone, obtaining leads and reference checking, client interview arrangements, 
closing and offer preparation. 

 Responsible for closures of technical professionals into both contract and permanent employment 
opportunities.  

 Has strong experience with high volume recruiting.  

 Possess strong sense of Urgency, Flexibility 

 Working with Accounts / Resource managers on all staffing related issues, such as recruitment, selection of 
candidates, offers, salary negotiation, interview techniques and closing candidates. --Discuss the "core" of 

the job description, and deliver exceptional IT candidates in a timely fashion. 

 Gathering and maintaining placement statistics for client and internal reports and bench marking purposes. 
Interviewed candidates to establish a relationship by conducting personal interviews to match skills to a 

specific client job order while adhering to labor and employment laws. 

 



Respondez pvt ltd           Oct 2010 - Aug 2012  

Sr. Cse , Team coach   

 Was working with Respondez Pvt. Ltd. Based in Vashi, Navi Mumbai as a Sr. Cse for first 15 months on 
hard core sales outbound process in us, process was mainly based on telecom services such as ATnT and 

Verizon. We used to complete the sale on that call itself where we used to take the CC and social details of 

the customer 

 Along with the core area of these services I was responsible for up-selling as well for home security alarm 
system, modem and router.  

Was promoted as a team coach after 15 month where I used to handle a team of 10 agents .  

 Used to take care of the conversion of my team which was 33% along with 1.8 spd, handling the reports of 
the performance of the agents to the TL. 

 

I serve Pvt Ltd                Nov 2009 to Oct 2010  

Senior Business Development Executive   

Was responsible for generating the business for the firm by the mean o 

outsourcing the processes to the company and with this leads and VOIP minutes to the BPO.s 

Main task for me was to bring the enquiries for the process and to converse with them via email and setting 

appointment for the further discussion. 

 

Education  

Delhi University  

Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services, 

2009 - 2012  

 

VMS Accelerators (VMSA) www.vmsaccelerators.com  

MASTERING THE ART OF PRODUCTION (MAP), Staffing & Recruiting, RECRUITMENT TRAINING, 

2015 - 2016  

 

Activities and Societies: Live Online Training of MASTERING THE ART OF PRODUCTION (MAP) at 

eTeam Inc. by Jim Coughlin  

VMS Accelerators (VMSA) www.vmsaccelerators.com  

 

MASTERING THE ART OF PRODUCTION (MAP), 2014 - 2014  

Activities and Societies: Live Online Training of MASTERING THE ART OF PRODUCTION (MAP) at 

eTeam Inc. by Jim Coughlin  

 


