











































Naresh Resume

Hemalatha R
Mobile
: 9176301954
Email   
: rhemalatha.vk@gmail.com



Career Objective:

To make contribution to the organization and best of my ability and to develop new skills and share my knowledge while interacting with others and achieve new height.
Core Competency:
· Having 5+ Years of experience in Software Support Specialist & Customer Support Executive.

· Performed Tier 1 Application support in a very visible and highly demanding IT Operations environment for Highway905.com.

· Good Knowledge in preparing SOP documents based on the application portals.
· Good communication and analytical skills with ability to work in a team as well as individually.

· Knowledge in HTML, CSS & MS SQL Server 2008.
· Hands on Experience in SQL Server & DB2.
· Good Knowledge in ISM-Maximo and ZenDesk Ticketing tool.
Professional Experience:

	Organization
	Location
	From
	To
	Designation (Role)

	Highway 905 Technologies Private Limited
	Chennai
	Nov 2013
	Jan 2017
	Software Support Specialist

	Flipkart
	Chennai
	May 2011
	Dec 2012
	Customer Support Executive

	First Flight Couriers Private Limited
	Chennai
	Sep 2010
	May 2011
	Customer Support Executive


Academic Qualification:

	COURSE
	BOARD
	MONTH & YEAR OF PASSING
	% OF MARKS

	M.Sc. (IT)
	Jamal Mohamed College
	May 2010 
	87 % 

	B.C.A
	Jamal Mohamed College
	April 2008
	77 %

	12th
	HSC
	March 2005
	81 %

	10th
	State Board
	April 2003
	84.2 %


Certification:

· Diploma in web designing and development

Technical Proficiency:

	Programming Languages
	: Core Java

	Web Designing Tools

	: HTML

	Databases


	: DB2 and SQL Server

	Ticketing Tools
	: ZenDesk and ISM-Maximo

	Document Tool
	: MS-Office



Work/Project Experience:
1. Highway 905 Technologies Private Limited
Designation

: Software Support Specialist
Duration

: November 2013 to Jan 2017
Client


: Panasonic
Roles & Responsibilities:

· Performed Tier 1 Application support in a very visible and highly demanding IT Operations environment for Highway905.com. 

· Established new user accounts/passwords, monitored and updated permissions rights for users. Performed connectivity and login activities and unlocked user accounts and reset password while formulating effective solutions to issues/defects. Managed users access roles and help desk support requests. 

· Monitored tasks on daily basis for all the scheduled jobs.

· Attended weekly offshore and onsite meeting to discuss the issues details.
· Handled issues in WMS, FPS, TMS, CGLS & reporting services.

· Handled rating related issues in FPS (Freight Payment System) for Inbound/Outbound shipments.

· Taken ownership for the tickets assigned to me and resolved them within SLA on priority basis.

· Owned the KPI reports on monthly basis to showcase the performance of the warehouse (Inbound Shipments)

· Worked on the day today activities and report the status to the higher management.

· Created SOP for the highly impacted issues and also for the reports owned by me.
2. Flipkart
Designation

: Customer Support Executive
Duration

: May 2011 to December 2012
Roles & Responsibilities:

· Handled the client calls for on field Issues and Escalations.

· Taken care of entire south Region (Chennai & ROTN).

· Tracked all the Inbound and Outbound shipments including RVP shipments.

· Mainly focused on the Priority Delivery shipment Request.

· Focused on Pending Delivery action notes. Eg: COD not ready, Customer is not available, Address not found, ODA shipments, Order cancelled, No order and Misroute shipments.

· Coordinated with CS manager and centralized CS team regarding Issues.

· Updated Report in Daily basis (i.e.) Priority delivery Report, FKL_CS_Data in daily basis, Day 4+  and 6+ Pending Report  sending to concern hubs  weekly twice, MIS Data, CS Weekly Report.

· Monthly CS Data sharing at Google sheet in every month.

· FKL_CS_Data Contains the Incorrect update by the Hub In chargers, Delivered to others not informed, Rude Behavior of FE, Excessive Calls, Charged extra by FE, Missed timelines for priority request, FE asking for tips, Missed RTO, Number of priority Request a day, Twitter / Facebook Issues, Lost / Non Traceable shipments

· To monitor all the RVP cases listed below

· Duplicate Pickup: Cases wherein the tracking ID created against one return.

· 2. Customer Refuse: Cases wherein customer is satisfied with the product hence don’t want pickup
to be done.

· Mismatch/Wrong Item check list: Cases wherein item check list item does not match with the 
item handover by customer.

· Pickup Sent by other Courier: Cases wherein the pickup request allocated and completed by 
other courier.

· Pickup Address Changed by Customer: Cases wherein the customer requested to change the 
pickup address to other city.

· 6. Wrong Request Type Selected: Cases wherein the wrong request type selected i.e “Pickup Only” 
created as “Replacement”.

· Customer Self Returned to WH: Cases wherein the customer sent the pickup item by some courier/ sent the pickup item himself to respective warehouse.

· Generated the pickup on time and done the request at EOD.

· If any issues occurs in RVP like client cancel the request or already done the pickup but again tracking id has been created for the same client, we just get the confirmation from centralized CS team and cancel the request.

· The pickup request has generated at Chennai but replacement may be delivered at client Mumbai address for this kind of issues check with client and forward the pickup request to concern hub in Mumbai to resolve the issue.

· To change the request as per CS confirmation on ERP like cancel the pickup, forward the data from one hub to other hub due to pin code mismatch and change the request type from replacement to pick up only mode.

· Updated the RVP cancellation weekly Report and RVP Issues in Google sheet.
3. First Flight Couriers
Designation

: Customer Support Executive
Duration

: September 2010 to May 2011
Roles & Responsibilities:

· Handled Major Customers

· Have to send MIS report to them in daily basis

· Tracked all the Outbound Shipments

· Mainly focused on the pending Consignments like Address Insufficient, Octroi, NSS, Far of area, Satellite Station, C/nee no order the material, Party refused to accept.

· Coordinated with sales Executives regarding their target and customer Issues

· Sales works in sales software like daily action plan reports and AGM reports and also handled sales petrol conveyance.

· Handled newly signed Contracts.
Personal Details:

Date of Birth

: 27-Mar-1988
Gender 

: Female

Marital Status

: Married
Address

: 4B/S3 – Nethra Flats, 4th Street,




  Chrompet Salai,




  Nanmangalam, 

  Chennai - 600117

Languages Known
: Tamil and English
Alternate Email
: hemaammu8888@gmail.com
Declaration:

I do hereby declare that the particulars of information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place 
:  Chennai




Signature
:

Date 
: 





Name 

:         (Hemalatha R)
