












































Resume


                                                               

                DHANESH RAJU. M
                                                                

     Plot No - 99, Ayodhya Nagar Colony,
                                                                                                Near Saradha Theatre,
               




                  ECIL Post, Hyderabad-500062.






                  9052223228, 9949503776,                                                                                                      

                                                                                                                         dhanesh.raju1978@gmail.com

Career Objective

                A dedicated Engineer is ready to work in a challenging and creative environment and effectively contribute towards the goals of an organization. 

Summary

              6+Years of experience in troubleshooting Laptops, Desktops, Routers, Printers, Modems and have good knowledge on networking also worked in the filed of Active Directory Services (ADS).
Good at data Reporting tools like Excel Spread Sheet.
Experience

· Working as an IT Support Analyst in Deloitte (Deloitte Support Services India Pvt Ltd).
(www.deloittenet.com), Hyderabad since Aug’ 2007
· As Technical Support Expert (T.S.E) ‘Grade A5’ in DELL (Dell International Services Pvt Ltd). (www.dell.com), Hyderabad (Mar’ 2006 – Aug’ 2007).
· As Help Desk Engineer, Sutherland Global Services Pvt Ltd (Sutherland Technologies Pvt Ltd). (www.sutherland.com), Chennai (Apr' 2004 – Jul’ 2005).
Technical Skills

  Operating System:
 Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 2003
  Networking:
 TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP
  Protocols:                       Basic Knowledge of TCP/IP
               Packages Known
      MS-Office Tools (Outlook, Word, Excel & Power Point)
               Others:                              Computer Assembling (A+ Certification)

                                                          Installation and Maintenance

                                                          Troubleshooting
Academic Profile

2000  -     2003                        B.E ., Electronics and Communication with 62%,


                                                  Department of Electronics and Communications,

                                                  R.M.K Engineering College, Madras University.

B.E (Project Work)

Title   : Wireless Communication between Computers using Laser / IR Beams.

Tools used: C-LANGUAGE

1997    -     2000
         Diploma., Computer Technology with 80%,

                                                Department of Computer Science,

                                                Panimalar Polytechnic, Chennai.

Diploma (Project Work)

TITLE: Touch Tone Banking System Using ATM.

Tools used:  C-LANGUAGE

1997


         S.S.L.C with 67%,

                                                Karthigeyan Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai
  Significant Project Details – 1
	Project
	ISS - Technology.

	Client
	Internal IT Support

	Duration
	Since Aug’ 2007

	Platform
	Windows 7, Vista & XP

	Tools Used
	Service Desk – CRM, Active Directory Services - ADS

	

	Description:
Deloitte & Touche, one of the nation's leading professional services firms, provides assurance and advisory, tax, and management consulting services through nearly 30,000 people in more than 100 U.S. cities. 
Deloitte & Touche has been recognized as one of the "100 Best Companies to Work For in America" by Fortune magazine for six consecutive years. Deloitte & Touche is part of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, one of the world's leading professional services, with more than 92,000 people in over 135 countries to assist Deloitte employees with technology problems over the phone in a timely manner so that they can perform their job and be productive for the firm. It might involve either direct resolution of the problem or escalation to another team as the case may be.  
Our customers are very computer literate, and accuracy of information is a high priority. 



	

	Contribution:
Joined the firm as an Associate Analyst (Level - 2) and then got promoted as an Analyst (Level - 3) within next 8 months.
My job is to provide technical assistance to Deloitte internal employees and clients on or off the phones. 
Being a senior most analyst in the project, I used to provide a strong support to my Manager in his absence.

Provided Technical Assistance in wide range which includes: Troubleshooting Laptops, Desktops, Printers, PDA’s, Air-Cards, Internet Troubleshooting, LAN, WAN, Wireless Troubleshooting, Office/Outlook 2003, 2007 and 2010.
Technical Assistance was also given in the field of Active Directory Services – (ADS) where we have Administrative privileges in resetting one’s domain account password, Checking and confirming account status also if required adding and removing people from their groups or domain accounts.



 Significant Project Details – 2
	Project
	U.S CTS (Consumer Technical Support)

	Client
	DIS, India (Dell International Services)

	Duration
	Mar’ 2006 – Aug’ 2007

	Platform
	Windows XP and Windows Vista

	Tools Used
	Dell Serv 2.0, G.T Remote, IDD, Fusion.

	

	Description:

U.S CTS (Consumer Technical Support) is the process in which I worked for nearly 6 quarters. It is an Inbound Voice process where we help the customer to resolve their issues or queries, which they have with their dell product. We provide solutions for only dell owned equipments like Desktops, Laptops and Printers and addition to this we also provide technical assistance if the customer has set up a home network. We also provide technical assistance for all software related issues like Internet (Wired or Wireless) connection, registry, configuring options in both Windows XP and Vista.

	

	Contribution:

As I have been in this process for nearly one and a half year I was given a role of ASG (Agent Support Group), My role is to train the new hires in my team during calls and off calls and provide the best customer experience also I provide day to day scrubs of data for my entire team to help them to know where they are as in Dell everything is measured in terms of data.




 Significant Project Details – 3
	Project  
	H.P Solutions, Laptops

	Client
	H.P CCC, Bangalore (www.hp.com/support)

	Duration
	Apr'2004 – Jul’2005

	Platform
	Windows 2000 and Windows XP

	Tools Used
	I Care Tool – Peoples Soft

	

	Description:

Awaya Broadband is the telephone equipment used here.  All the calls that land in our desks are from 

U.S (Toll free + Paid support). HPCCC, Bangalore was our clients. Awaya and the computer are connected to each other using Cat-5 cable and the line from awaya goes to the server. All the inbound calls that we receive are technical calls. We get calls related to laptops, desktops, routers, switches, modems, printers and scanners. The common issues that we get from the customers are like Internet not working (TCP/IP protocol), home networking, booting issues, Windows installation, modems and routers not functioning properly and other software issues related to Windows.


Contribution:

A first project in which I worked for was H.P, Laptops as Help Desk Engineer and it was Pilot project. Then after 8 months I was shifted H.P Solutions (Paid Support), which is the most Prestigious, project in H.P.
Personal Profile:
Date of Birth
            :
02/01/1978

Language Known
:
English, Hindi, Telugu and Tamil






