


















































SUCHITHA PREEMA MENDONCA
Email: suchithapr31@gmail.com
Contact No: +91 8496897959

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
To be part of an esteemed organization, which will utilize my accounting and auditing skills and provide a conducive environment to enhance my career path.

PERSONAL TRAITS
· Quick Learner.
· Ability to meet tight deadlines.
· Work under Pressure.
· Flexible working style.	
· Highly optimistic
· Adapt to new environment at a fast pace

A. Work Experience
Company: Informatica
Informatica Corporation provides enterprise data integration software and services worldwide. It has a customer base of over 5,000 companies.
	Organization Name
	Informatica Business solution Pvt Ltd

	Work Duration
	27th Feb 2017 – 26th Sept 2017

	Job Profile
	Associate Analyst

	Nature of Work
	
· Review of Audit - Understanding the nature of expense and analyzing the reasonability of the expenses.
· Concur testing and improvements in key point areas of the tool
· Handing queries of from employee’s, local finance teams globally
· Handling day to day expense reimbursements and transactions globally
· Rejection or holding of Invoices 
· Analyzing the expenses submitted for reimbursement and check for compliance with T&E guidelines. 
· Maintaining the SLA trackers and day to day audit sheets.
· Coordinating with the different language specialist and making sure to smooth flow during expense reimbursement process.
· Doing additional research to find out any fraudulent cases and reporting to the management.



B.Work Experience 
Company: Prasaad Associates, Udupi
	Organization Name
	Prasaad Associates, Udupi

	Work Duration
	11 July 2014 – 24 Dec 2016

	Job Profile
	Audit & Account Assistant/Executive

	Nature of Work
	· Maintenance of Accounts in Tally ERP 9 viz. Sales register, Purchase register, Journal register
· Preparation of Vat summary
· Preparation of all financial reports, including Profit and Loss Statement, Balance Sheet
· Preparation of Receipts & Payments A/c
· Handled the complete accounting cycle, including opening, posting entries and closing of accounts
· Vouching of books of accounts  viz. Purchase, sales, bank statements
· Assisting auditors in completing audits.
· Preparation of Income Tax Returns
· Filing online IT returns


TECHNICAL SKILLS
MS office, Tally ERP 9, Saral Tax Office, Microsoft Excel, VLOOKUP’s

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
	Board 
	Institution
	University/Board
	Percentage
	Duration

	MBA (Fin.)
	MIT Manipal
	Sikkim Manipal University
	
68%
	2014-16 (July 2016)

	B.Com
	
Poornaprajna College,
Udupi
	Mangalore University
	82%
	2011-14

	Pre – University
	
ST. Johns  Pre-University College, Shankerpura
	Department of Pre-University Education, Bangalore
	90%
	2009- 11

	S.S.L.C
	
ST.Johns High school , Shankerpura
	Karnataka Secondary Education Board, Bangalore
	84%
	2009



PERSONAL INFORMATION
	Address
	D.No. 15/4, 1st floor, 7th cross, jai bharat nagar Bangalore 33. Land mark- Banaswadi main road , opposite to Orion east mall

	Gender
	Female

	Date of Birth
	31.03.1993

	Nationality
	Indian

	Marital Status
	Single

	Languages Known
	English, Kannada, Hindi, Konkani



DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.       

Place: Bangalore                                                                           SUCHITHA PREEMA MENDONCA

