





































 

R.KISHAN KUMAR ALIAS VISHNU KUMAR 
 

Ph no : 9962373335 

Email : vishnu1986.2016@gmail.com 

73/35 Elumalai Street , Ayanavaram 

Chennai-23. 
 

OBJECTIVE 

 

To obtain a New Business Development position by adding value through utilizing my 

superior knowledge, prospecting and selling abilities in the business to business arena. 

 

SKILLS 

 

 Confident engaging with all levels of management.  

 Solid communication skills and business orientated. 
 

EXPERIENCE 

 

Business Development Executive 2017- 2018  

NOVEX COMMUNICATIION PVT LTD  

 Product dealing - “Create Secure Website, HR Payroll Process, Hotel 
Management software & Consultancy Services”. 

 Identifying and targeting new Business prospects to hotel industries, Startup 

Companies, Recruitment for the industries. 

 Generate the Leads generation.  

 Fixing the Appointment to the client & explain about the Licenses. 

 Managing and maintaining databases of potential clients. 

 Monthly pipeline reports for management purposes. 

 Achieving the target in Quarterly.  

 

Business Development Executive 2017- 2017 

INNOART TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD  

 Product dealing - “HR Payroll & Payment Gateway”. 
 Researching, identifying and targeting new Business prospects. 

 Generate the Leads generation and Cold call. 

 Fixing the Appointment to the client & explain the product of HR Software. 

 Managing and maintaining databases of potential clients. 

 Producing monthly pipeline reports for management purposes. 

 

Business Development Executive 2012-2016 

AKROS IT SOLUTIONS  

 Product dealing - “Websites & Mobile Apps Software”. 
 Researching, identifying and targeting new Business prospects. 

 Negotiating with new and existing clients over the phone and meeting them face to 

face.  



 

 Providing support to the sales and marketing team through a variety of additional 

activities. 

 Gaining new appointments from hot and cold leads. 
 Managing and maintaining databases of potential clients.  
 Producing monthly pipeline reports for management purposes. 

 

KEY BEHAVIOR & ATTRIBUTES  

 

 Willingness to learn.  

 Plan daily work in day to day base. 
 

EDUCATION 

 

University of Annamalai University                                                                    June 2014 

 M.B.A in Financial Management. 

 Master Degree - Distance Educations. 

 Annamalai University in Chennai. 
 

University of Anna University                                                                      June 2008 

 B.Tech in Information Technology.  

 Graduate – Full Time. 

 Srinivasa Institute of Engineering & Technology in Chennai. 
 

University of Technical Education                                                              June 2005 

 D.E.C.E in Electronics & Communication Engineering   

  Diploma – Full Time.  

 S.A Polytechnic College in Chennai. 
  

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

Name   :   R. kishankumar Alias  R.Vishnu kumar  

Father's Name    :   R.Rajamohan 

Date of Birth  :   21. 05.1986 

Marital Status     :   Single 

Nationality  :   Indian 

Languages known :   English, Tamil & Telugu. 

 

DECLARATION 

 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I 

bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

 

Place:  Chennai                Regards 

           

Vishnu kumar .R 


