












































RESUME
Puneeth K.M.
Present Address: #563, HMT Layout, Nagasandra Post




  Tumkur Road, Bangalore - 560073



  Karnataka, India
· + 91 9740200575 &   (080) - 32011534

Email

:  puneethkm@hotmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVES

To obtain a challenging position in the organization that gives me an opportunity to enhance and make use of my skills and talent. And to work in all the levels of the Organization which enable me to improve my knowledge.
WORK EXPERIENCE  

Present Employer
1. Organization
: HCL Technologies Ltd
Duration

: December 2007 to May 2008

Position

: Process Associate
2. Organization
: DBOI Global Services Ltd
Duration

: June 2008 to till date
Position

: Analyst
Job Profile

Working for Deutsche Bank Reconciliation Utility and in TLM Admin as Analyst from past 3.8 Year 
Present Job Description

· Working on both TLM 2.1 and 2.6 version of reconciliation platform which is ORACLE based Reconciliation tool.
· Currently working on FOBO (Front office V/s Back Office Reconciliation) in TLM 2.1

· Facilitating Nostro, Suspense and Stock reconciliation on TLM 2.6 Version of reconciliation tool.

· Activities performed on both TLM 2.1 and 2.6 Version. 
Running Initiations

Feeds check

Maintenance Activity

Broker counterparty and Static set-up in the reconciliation tool

User ID creation and Password reset
Asset linking
Perform Manual input

Investigation of Unproof items

Running currency and Asset proofing

Performing of E2E (End to End) testing for new on boarding Projects.

Preparing KOP’s for newly migrated recs to TLM.

Prior Job Description

Migration Activity
· Migration of Manually Reconciled Projects into Smartstream which is an ORACLE based automated Reconciliation Tool.

· Customizing the Reconciliation activity as per the Business line requirement.

· Automation of Reconciliation Activity.

· Conveying the Business line requirement to Smartsream IT so that the Reconciliation process can be customized accordingly.

· Coordinating with both IT and Business line and making them understand the project requirement.

· Analyzing the time and IT support requirement and the cost involvement in order to complete the Project. 
· Performing the regression testing to analyze whether is there any impact in the current feed format.

· Performing of regression testing for the Projects.

· Determining whether the Project is an RTB or CTB.

· Migration of Projects involving Nostro, Internal and Securities Accounts.
Smartstream Activity
· Testing performed before the Projects Go-Live to ensure that the results are as expected.
· Feeds check and Maintenance activity.

· Configuration of Matching rules and reference masking to facilitate auto matching and allocation of trades to the concerned department.
· Account static setup in Smartstream reconciliation tool.

· Testing reformatter developed by IT whether is it in sync with Swift Messages MT535/536 and MT940/950
Documentation Activity 
· Documentation of all the projects in order to provide the complete picture of the projects activity to the Top management.
· Preparation of different types of Project documents like Test & Sign-off documents, Impact analysis document, Scope and Approach document etc.
ACHIVEMENTS
Won several Spot and Star of the month award for exemplary performance at work.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Commerce (B.com)
- 2007
College / University
: 
BEL First Grade College / Bangalore University
Percentage

: 
Scored 68 %. 

Area of Specialization
: 
Accounts
ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES
· Providing Training to Vendor’s Employees during Process Migration 

PERSONAL PARTICULARS 

Name


:
Puneeth KM
Date of Birth

:
24-04-1986
Father Name

: 
Mayagaiah K

Mother Name

: 
Savithri UM

Marital Status

:
Single
In certainly, I declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to best of my knowledge.
      Date: 20-02-2010








Puneeth KM
