







































Nakul Dev Resume.docx


Nakul Dev M

(Process Associate)

EYGBS India PVT LTD (Ernst & Young)

Email id : Devd375@gmail.com
Mobile Number : 9048829111
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status : Single
Language : English, Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi and French
Passport : Yes
Hobbies : Chess, Riding & Driving, Music & Movies

Academic Qualification
M.Com-Finance, (Post graduation In Commerce)-Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam,
Kerala. 2017 Pass out
B.Com-Taxation, Kerala University, 2012 pass out
Pre University, (Commerce), Karnataka pre-university 2009 Pass out

Technical Skills-MS Word, Excel, Power point, Tally 9 and SAP

Professional Experience
Worked at TATA CERAMICS LTD as Accounts Executive from 12 December 2014 to 16
March 2016 (1.3 Years)

(Handling Costing &MIS Pricing and Sales)

Responsibilities

Job Roles in costing and management information system

v Month end inventory valuation report preparation
v All working and analysis to find out cost of an item
v Comparison between actual sales and dispatching quantity
v Maintaining a good relationship between all section heads and

supervisors
v Providing necessary information’s to the concerned authority

Roles in pricing

v To find and fix price of the produced wares
v Day to day contact between suppliers and customers

mailto:Devd375@gmail.com


Roles in sales

v Entering and processing of domestic sales invoices, export sales invoices
v Voucher Entries, passing of journal
v Documentation and submitting to the special economic zone
v Getting approval from special economic zone
v Works regarding dispatching of wares

Presently Working in EYGBS India PVT LTD (ERNST & YOUNG) as Process associate from
25th April 2016 (2.9 Years)

Responsibilities

v Dealing with ASIA PACIFIC, EUROPEAN and AMERICAN-“Mainly US, Canada
and Argentina” (inbound and outbound) countries tax assessments and tax
compliances actions for EY Inbound and out bound Travelers.

v Calculation of Tax costs, other travel Costs calculation and Cost estimate
preparations for the host projects and travelers on their out bound travel.

v Supporting the case managers in taking the effective taxation measures and
avoid unnecessary tax payments expenses and thereby increasing the revenue
of the firm.

v Charging the tax cost as well as other travel related expenses to the clients.
v Shadow payroll processing for US travelers and tax payment supports and

Tax claim and refund processing
v Preparation of tax payment support letter and Tax exemption claim support

on the basis of government norms for APAC counties-“Mainly Australia,
Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and Philippines.

v European region salary uplifts, Tax payments and refund processing

Nearly 4 Years of working experience in TATA CERAMICS LTD and EYGBS India PVT LTD

Achievements in EY

1. White Belt training Certification.
2. Extra Miler Awards for 2 times for best performance

Trainings Covered

1. Effective business communications
2. Working in Team
3. Attention to detail
4. Making tough decisions
5. Decision making Fundamentals
6. Decision making tools and techniques

· Reference – Prasad Balan, Business Relationship Manager, TCS, Sweden.
Employee no.242057, Contact no. +46701085284

Kochi

Date-15/September/2018 Nakul Dev M


