














































 

      Madhwacharya G. Mulgund  

              

Email: mulgund.anand@gmail.com 

LinkedIn Profile:  

Phone: +918879833704. 

DOB: 03/03/1989               

 

Summary: 

A passionate Recruitment Specialist whose commercial work experience in large international organizations on a global 

scale has excelled in a number of Recruitment & Administrative roles.  

 

A Bachelor’s degree holder in Commerce supported by an expertise in networking, implementing – Recruitment, HR 

policies and principles. I am now looking for an opportunity that will provide me with a new challenge, support my 

growth within HR, and provide me with a new platform to achieve my goals. 

 

Other Academic pursuits:                    

Pursuing DHRM from Welingkars Institute 

 

Work Experience:    

 

Travelex is a Foreign Exchange company with an annual turnover of £725 million and its operations in over 30 

countries with a workforce of 9000+ employees.  

 

Responsibilities: 

 

• Managing recruitment portfolio of Travelex within the super market division (TESCO) across multiple regions in 

the United Kingdom. 

• Use of various channels for recruitment (Sourcing, organizing Job Fairs, talent pooling through evergreen 

requisitions) which include LinkedIn, reed, indeed, job centre plus etc. Effective use of ATS (Workday) to streamline 

recruitment processes. Ensuring we deliver the best candidate experience.  

• Successfully introduced recruitment strategy like power hour (team sourcing activity) within the first three months 

and also managed to create multiple mass mailing drafts for candidate attraction. 

• Improved stake owner management resulting in recognition from the Global HR Director. This directly impacted 

the quality of candidates which in turn led to increased conversion rate (I achieved a conversion rate of 70% 

throughout my positions) 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

• Managing recruitment for level G-H across Retail Division i.e. high street fashion, value fashion and luxury fashion 

brands like H&M, Debenhams, Mothercare, Harvey Nichols etc. 

• Effective use of ATS (Page up) to streamline recruitment processes. 

• Extensive use of Strategic Search for improvement of candidate’s quality and building up talent pools. This resulted 

in successfully filling niche roles with multiple challenges and compliance to SLA.  

• Adhering to SLA (2 months) in closing down G-H level roles, Niche roles. This led me to achieve a closure of 20 

vacancies independently in two weeks since joining thereby, achieving a conversion rate of 71% on an average. 

• Active participation in Project based recruitment like strategic search using linked in, Open days, Scheduled 

recruitment drive. 

 

 

 

 Recruitment Specialist – Travelex India Pvt Ltd, Mumbai - India                       (April 2016-Present) 

 Recruitment Coordinator – M.H Alshaya, Kuwait                                                 (March 2015-April 2016) 

mailto:mulgund.anand@gmail.com
https://kw.linkedin.com/in/madhwacharya-mulgund-3915a357


 

Responsibilities: 

Employee Relations:  

• Coordinate all human resources administrative procedures including transfer letters, internal movement and 

documentation processes. 

• Assisting the HR Manager with regards to Disciplinary Issues of employees. 

• Responsible for complete cycle of Exit Management. 

Recruitment: 

• Managing recruitment needs of over 1000 employees on annual basis. 

• Conducting walk-ins, overseas interviews in coordination with recruitment agencies. 

• Managing complete onboarding process of the new joiners in coordination with the PRO team for processing Visas 

• Inducting new joiners with coordination from the L&D team. 

Employee Engagement: 

• Weekly location visit to ensure resolution of the prevailing issues related to pay, leaves etc. 

• Inter team & Intra team coordination for rewards and recognition program “Praise”. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 Resolves administrative problems by coordinating preparation of reports, analyzing data, and identifying 
solutions. 

 Provide efficient support (Technical / Non – Technical) to the project staff 

 Co-ordinate with the staff on the operational end of the project on a daily basis. 

 Managing the manual monthly attendance of the project staff. 
 

 

This Position helped me: 

 Understand End to End Recruitment as a process. 

 Effective sourcing, screening and interview line ups. 

 Effective use of Job portals like Naukri, Monster, Linked in for job adverts, sourcing, mass mails etc  

 Understand Time Management with respect to delivering recruitment results as desired. 

 

 

This position exposed me: 

 To understand how important pre-employment checks are in the recruitment lifecycle and the process of how to 
run Pre-Employment checks for criminal records for Fortune 500 Clients. 

 To conduct quality checks on the records found against the applicants to reflect the suitability to hire. 

 In terms of Quality Control of the Multiple Background Checks conducted in line with the client expectations. 
 

Professional Acquisition / Projects undertaken: 

 

 Completion of OAMS to HRMS Migration Project in Landmark Group. 

 Attended multiple web trainings on Job Portals conducted for recruitment team – HR - eClerx Services Limited, 
an initiative by the Line Manager for training the team on effective Sourcing skills.  

 Completed in-house strategic search training for recruitment using Linked in as a social media tool. 

 Transition of ATS from peoplefluent to Workday with Travelex which also included testing features as a 
recruiter. 

 

Non-Academic Pursuits: 

 HR Assistant - Landmark Group, Kuwait                                    (February 2014-February 2015) 

 Administration Executive - Detecon International GmbH, Kuwait (November 2012- February 2014)            

 Trainee Analyst – HR eClerx Services Limited, India                (April 2012 – September 2012)            

 Associate – Sterling Infosystems Limited, India                           (March 2011 – January 2012)            



 

 Had been the Contingent Leader of the cultural forum in K.J. Somaiya College of Science and Commerce in the 
year 2009-10. 

 Participated a UGC sponsored National Conference on “Gender Equity at Work and Home- A Key to National 
Development organized by Business Economics Department of K.J. Somaiya College of Science and Commerce 

held on 9-10 January 2009. 

 Was awarded the second prize in the western solo singing category of “HOONER” the inter-collegiate cultural 
festival of  K.J Somaiya College of Arts and Commerce. 

 Winners at the 2nd Senior national 7-A-Side Football Championship organized by vidharbha 7-A-Side Football 
Association. 

 

Technical Skill Set : 

 

Platforms Level of Expertise 

1. MS Office Suite. Intermediate 

2. Search Engines. Intermediate 

3. Job Portals. Advanced 

4. LinkedIn. Advanced 

5. Workday (ATS) Advanced 

6. Page up (ATS) Advanced 

 

Certifications:                    

“Source Pro” certification completed in 2017 with the Key Resourcing Pvt Ltd – Pune. 

 

References will be provided on request. 


