














































Himanshu Gupta  

Contact No: 09461075109 

Email: guptahimanshu0109@gmail.com  

 

 

An Accounts & Finance professional with experience in Core financial activities majorly worked in 

key accounting area. Strong Analytical skill blended with good knowledge of Accounts and SAP 

HANA. Good communication skills and ability to quickly learn new processes and to work in 

challenging situations (annual closing) and Self-directed to do a particular work. 

 

Professional Experience: 

 

Company: JK Tyre and Industries Limited, Rajsamand (Raj.)                 Jul, 2014 – Till Date                

Department: Accounts & Costing 

Designation:  Accounts Officer                                                                                  

The role involves working as a permanent employee of accounts to deal with  day to day activities 

aimed at proper functioning  of  system and closing of all concerned accounts monthly, quarterly 

and annually. The role also involves checking & processing of bills as per PO terms and ensuring 

timely payments of vendors 

 

 Key Responsibilities: 

 

 Processing of Freight & Coal bills for incoming raw material & outgoing finished goods in SAP 

and maintaining General ledgers for Vendors. 

 

 Reconciliation of Vendors account in SAP and General ledger accounts in SAP. 

 

 Preparing various MIS reports to know the profitability and to have control over pending bills. 

 

 Providing freight liability data, every month for P&L purpose. 

 

 Working with Ram material Stores, General Stores and Excise & Dispatch dept. for  

Smoothening the function. 

 

 Ensure Timely Payments of Vendors and resolving grievances, if any. 

 

 Filing of Income Tax return for MCS and Workmen.  

 

 Handling of all cash and bank activities in absence of cashier. 
 

 



Tools worked on: 

SAP HANA, MS EXCEL, MS OFFICE, MS POWERPOINT, MS OUTLOOK 

 

 

 

Education: 
 

 

      

Master of Business Administration (M.B.A) 

 NBN-Sinhgad School of Business Management-PUNE University (2012-14) 

 

Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A)   

 Shrinathji Institute of Management-RAJASTHAN University (2009-2012) 

 

 
Curriculum Activities: 

. 

 Participated in Campus Training Workshop. 
 

 Attended seminar in business administration for sustainable growth , Udaipur   

 

 Participating in Event Organization Committee in Graduation level. 


