
































RESUME 
 
NAME   : ROHIT BASU 
MOBILE NO. : 9899306337 
EMAIL ID   :  rohit.basu@accenture.com 
 
 
 

Career Objective: 
 
To optimally utilized the present abilities expertise and knowledge in the organization so as to enable 
the organization to achieve its goal and at the same time capture opportunities for constant learning 
and career development. 
 

Total Job Experience in Accenture : 5 Years 
 

Job Type: Transaction Processing Analyst  
  

 

1. Roles & Responsibilities :  
 

 Responsible for processing PAR and EPA 
 Responsible for validation of PAR and EPA on daily basis as per all the back up 

documents. Adding and deleting parts in contract through PeopleSoft. 
 Doing special charge request, MOQ request, effective date request, add vendor 

part number in contract etc. through PeopleSoft 
 Managing Contracts for Navistar Client and Updating and creating new contracts. 
 Creating and updating Purchase Orders and Raising RFQ’s for the Navistar Client. 
 Extracting PDF for echo sign and Price update though upload or manually in 

PeopleSoft 

 Weekly Client calls and client data preparation and Responsible for daily 
reporting work. 

 

Accomplishments: 
 

 Within 7 months I won the monthly R & R award ( 2 times ) from Leads for delivering 
excellence performance. 

 Successfully managed investigation with in the time lines. 
 

 
 

Job Type: Transaction Processing Associates 
 

 

2. Roles & Responsibilities :  
 
 

 Providing access to new suppliers for ESPEC. 
 Maintaining the Contact Admin database daily basis and Meet supplier requirements 
 Managing Drawing Queue and Resetting Password for Existing Supplier 
 Creating user ID for new vendor and Managing the Meximo Queue. 
 Managing SID creation queue and Preparing daily reports, weekly and monthly 

reports for ESPEC and VM. 
 Preparing weekly SLA report. Provide status of the reports to management. 
 Doing QC of VM 301 B form. Processing 301 B VM requests daily basis. 
 

 

 
 



 
Accomplishments: 

 

 Received RP points from Assistant Manager as Thank you ( twice ) award. 
 Achieved two times Top Performer Awards from Navistar. 
 Achieved requestor’s good feedback many times. 

 
Job Type: Transaction Processing New Associate 

 
 

3. Roles & Responsibilities : 
 

 Responsible for processing orders. 
 Responsible to Investigate the PRR cases on daily basis. 
 Responsible to create POs and follow up with the Customer and Warehouse to get 

the Goods Receipt done on the same. 
 Responsible for Follow ups of the cases in a gap of 7 and 14 days KPIs 
 Contacting FSE's, Key Markets, Warehouse and Logistics through mails. 
 Research to find all relevant information required to complete tasks. 
 Supports requests from customers, partners, sales reps, and other operations 

team members 
 Communicates in a timely and effective manner via emails, reports and reminders 
 Responsible for daily reporting work and Weekly Client calls and client data 

preparation and Involved in new Processes as well.  

 

 Accomplishments: 

 

 Within 1 year 6 months I have received the Numero Uno Award for August FY14 ( 
1 time ) and also won the monthly R & R award ( 2 times ) from Assistant Manager 
and Team Lead for delivering excellence performance. 

 Successfully managed investigation within the time lines. 

 
 

Job Type: Routing Analyst 
 

4. Roles & Responsibilities : 
 

 In Coordination with the Business Unit Officials at various levels, plans, directs, and 
manages routing activities within specified time, resource and quality constraints 
 

 Schedule work to meet priorities and goals; manages issues and conflicts, change 
requests, risks related to the CAFAE ( SOW Request ) for relevant acceptance per 
routing checklist  
 

 Communicates with Client ( Business Unit Officials at various level ), Team Lead and 
Assistant Manager on all aspect of CAFAE form for relevant acceptance  
 

 Coordinates the data collection efforts and implements standard operating procedures 
for data collection required for preparing daily report that is shared with the senior 
leadership 
 

 



 
 
 

 Accomplishments: 
 

 During spike period – 2013 ( October to December ), following the 
routing checklist that consists of critical 13 parameters, successfully 
routed 1774 CAFAEs’ to the team ( 22 resources ), resulting into 
receiving numerous appreciation on Quick Turn Around Time from 
Business Partner 

 
 Received RP Points from Assistant Manager and Team Lead for 

delivering excellence performance during spike period. 
 

 Successfully managed to resolve 60 CAFAE requests with various BU 
officials within in less than 48 hours. 

 
 

 
5.  Education :  

 

Degree/Certificate Qualification Institute Board 
/University 

Year Aggregate 

Graduation B.COM Khalishani 
College 

BURDWAN 
UNIVERSITY 

2008 61% 

12th H.S.(COMS.) Durga Charan 
Rakshit Banga 

Vidyalaya 

W.B.C.H.S.E. 2005 52% 

10th MADHYAMIK Durga Charan 
Rakshit Banga 

Vidyalaya 

W.B.B.S.E. 2003 55% 

 
 
6.Other Qualification: 

 
 Diploma in Financial Accounting System from Youth Computer Training Center, GOWB. 
(2007).Basic Knowledge of Tally, Excel, Word.  

 
 
7. Personal Details  : 
 

 Date of Birth : 10th March,1986 
 Father’s Name : Mr. Tarun Kanti Basu 
 Marital Status : Single 
 Hobbies: Watching Cricket, Listening to Music, Travelling. 
 Language Fluency – English, Hindi & Bengali.  

 
 
Date :  
 
           Signature 

 
Rohit Basu 

 
 

 


