

























 

SUNIL GOYAL 
sunil77669@gmail.com      Hyderabad, India                              Cell: +91 9295851539 
 

  
2016 to date 
Team Lead ( Google Marketing Solutions) , HCL Technologies Vendor (Google) 

 
Led technical program and efforts in Google’s new ad server (Adwords by Google) in NA and get 
publishers upgraded to the new platforms . Was responsible for assessing publisher upgrade 
readiness to upgrade, assessing risks, then helping define quarterly sales and services upgrade 
OKRs. 
Analyzed content marketing metrics and made changes as needed. 
Conducted keyword research using Google keyword mapper and selection for pay-per-click 
campaigns and SEO projects. 
Regularly produced various content types, including email, social media posts, blogs and 
white papers. 
Monitored campaign results, analyzed key metrics, and optimized click-through and 
conversion rates on various media platform( Facebook , Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn).  
Maintained high Quality of Service with close monitoring of team availability , team skill set 
and close contact with internal business stakeholders. 
Build dynamic websites and new features using WordPress/PHP and Customized themes to 
meet clients requirements​. 
Created content marketing campaigns for T1 clients to drive leads and subscribers. 
Troubleshoot various ad trafficking problem and utilize experience to develop solutions and 
providing technical assistance to Google Tier-1 clients to setup their open auction, preferred 
deals and programmatic guaranteed deals to maximize the monetization. 
Developed Optimizing strategies for clients based on keyword research, keyword strategy, 
competitive analysis, domain authority, current rankings, and other factors that contribute to 
developing a successful Google Ad and Youtube campaign. 

 
 

Projects @ Google 
I have worked on several company-wide projects in my 40% time. I utilized this time to take on 
projects that helped me better understand Google’s people operations and what makes it a 
world class organization. 
 

● Project Grapevine (Ongoing): Ensured optimum learning to guide the team with the 
knowledge management process, and ensure 100% learning's are captured via all 
available resources. Improvement in CQS: DFP: 86% Q2’17  to 90% in Q1’18.  

● Project vEscalte (2017): Reduced L2 for risky tickets via Increased PL/QA Validations and 
Cross Region / Cross Vendor Checks. Reduction in Consults to 9.19%.  

● Project Spectre (Ongoing): Contributed in decreasing the mTRT for Offshored Cases 
(target 10 hrs) through Upskilling the analysts to handle high-end clients to close the case 
with a short time (<2 hr). 



 

 
 

Education 
 

10/2012 - 05/2016 
 

 
 

Bachelor's degree in Electronics and Communication Technologies. 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India. 

 

Technical Proficiencies 

Languages/Technologies:​ Java, C, C++, SQL, JDBC. 
Certificate : ​Ad Manager,​ ​Google Ads, Analytics 360(GAIQ), Youtube Studio, AWS, Cloud . 
Web Technologies:​ JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS 3, PHP, XML, AngularJS. 
Tools:​ Eclipse, NetBeans, Microsoft Visual Studio,GitHub, MS Office, Salesforce. 
Databases:​ Microsoft SQL Server, MS Access, MySql. 
Operating Systems:​ Windows 98/XP/Vista/7, Unix/Linux,mac OS X. 
 

SKILLS 
● Team player, self-motivated, superior attention to detail, good sense of humor, with 

ability to easily transition between tactical and strategic projects. 

● Excellent verbal and written communication skills and attention to detail 
● Strong communicator and a confident presenter and comfortable putting together 

reporting and presentations. 

● Strong proficiency with MS Word and PowerPoint for producing reports and 
presentations. 

● Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills; active listening skills 
and the ability to connect with others. 

● Advanced Excel knowledge including pivot tables, VBA, macros and lookups. Proven 
experience in data manipulation. 

● Handle multiple projects with the ability to learn and apply new concepts and tools 
quickly. 

● Identifies new business opportunity, revenue and profit stream by analyzing online 
customer behavior and trend. Makes actionable recommendations to management. 

● Strong knowledge of analytical methodologies for optimizing and evaluating 
marketing campaigns. 

 



 

Achievements 
● Won a Programming Contest and best ppt presenter on GPRS and VLSI technology in 

college competition and techgig. 
● Awarded “Best Innovation Award” in the field of innovation and technological event for 

presenting RFID passive tags. 
● Achieved Multiple CSAT bonus and Peer Bonuses as part of Analyst team at Google. 

 
 


