
















































CHINNA MABU CHERUKURI

Cellular 9493104249
3-18/2/2, Sri Sai Nilayam, Tara Nagar, Serilingampally


Hyderabad, A.P. 500 019


chinnamabu_cherukuri@hotmail.com
Objective
Desire to join in progressive organization that gives me scope to apply my technical and creative knowledge and to be part of the team that dynamically works towards growth of organization
Summary
Having 5 years of experience in Graphic Design and Video Editing. Proven success in cover page designing, page layout, photo editing, video editing and artwork designing.
Skilled in Graphic Design, Web Design and Video Editing applications.
Experience
Artwork Operator (Graphic Designer), 

Mahindra Satyam BSG Ltd. Hyderabad


July 2009 to till date

Designing Artworks (Carton, Label, Leaflet, Foil and Tube etc.) for a reputed Pharmaceutical Company
High contribution towards achieving targets of the team by ensuring to meet targets on deadlines and quality
Using Adobe Illustrator CS4, Adobe Photoshop CS4, and InDesign CS4
· Created over 850 artworks as per guidelines (Market requirement and Site requirement)

Assistant Video Editor, Icfai Business School Case Development Centre (IBSCDC). Hyderabad.

November 2006 to June 2009


Designing Cover Page, Page Layout, Photo Editing and Video Editing. 

Ensuring production targets are met by coordinating with other team members.
Used Adobe Photoshop CS, Adobe PageMaker 6, Adobe InDesign CS, Adobe Illustrator CS, Avid Liquid Pro, Adobe Premiere Pro CS and Sony Sound Forge 7, etc. 

· Edited over 21 videos which are uploaded in ECCH and used in various Business Schools across the world
· Ensured highest quality standards in layouts of over 25 books along with cover page designs

· Did layout for around 250 case studies
Education
B.Com
 Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University, Hyderabad.


2009

Intermediate (Maths, Physics and Chemistry)

Board of Intermediate Education, Hyderabad.


2002

SSC
 Bharathi High School, Porumamilla, Kadapa, A.P


2000
Skills
QuarkXPress 8, Adobe Illustrator CS4, Adobe InDesign CS4, Adobe Photoshop CS4, Adobe PageMaker 6, Adobe Acrobat Professional 9, Adobe Flash Professional 8, Adobe Dreamweaver 8, HTML, CSS, Adobe Premiere Pro CS, Sony Sound Forge 7, Apple Final Cut Pro 7, MS Office 2007 (Word, Excel and PowerPoint)
Training
•
Agile Production (All information what we are doing get from this server including uploading and downloading files)

•
PDF4Print (as for client requirement)
· Visit provided by client - Gravure Engraver United Kingdom (Barnard Castle). Pre Press - Cylinder Preparation
· Stiefel Project – Trained for New Branding guidelines at UK
Honours
•
Awarded for maintaining High Quality and Productivity at GlaxoSmithKline R&R 2010
· Worked for 4 months onsite in UK (Barnard Castle), delivered high quality and productivity and received excellent feedback from client (GSK) – Feb 2011 to May 2011
· Awarded Best Employee of the Month for many months at IBSCDC
Strengths
•
Hardworking and optimistic person
· Have strong belief and high level of confidence

· Likes to work in a group/team
· Eager to learn new skills
Place:

Date:
            (CHINNA MABU CHERUKURI)

