
















































MOUNICA KANCHERLA							+91-7207331974
									Mouna2308@gmail.com


OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position of responsibilities that utilizes my skills and experience and keen to work in an environment where I can enrich my knowledge.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
· Worked on Asp.net, Ado.net, Html, Java Script, MS SQL.
· Worked on Performance Testing Tools like VUGen and LoadRunner.
· Having good experience in understanding and analyzing the client's requirements and delivering projects.
· Having good experience in debugging.
· Very good experience in renewing different kinds of certificates like external/internal SSL certs, external/internal client certs and importing to server and binding to site if required and handling certificate related issues.
· Involved in PVT after patching activities.
· Good knowledge on Incident Management, Change Management and Problem Management.
· Having knowledge on preparing STRD, TRD, UTP’s and ITP’s.
KNOWLEDGE BASE & SKILL SET
· Operating System			:	Windows
· Database				:	MSSQL 
· Web Technologies			:	Asp.net, Ado.net,HTML, CSS, Java script.
· Version Control Tools			:	Team Foundation Server(TFS)






RELAVANT EXPERIENCE

Project 1:

Project			:	 Vendor Feeds		
Client			:	GlaxoSmithKline, UK 
Role			:	Performance Tester 
Organization		:	Tech Mahindra





Project Description

The main aim of the performance testing is to find the behaviour and stability of the application. VuGen tool was being used to test the application. This tool records the website and generates the scripts. This scripts were correlated and parameterised and runned in Performance centre under various loads.

Project 2

Project			:	Property ISO 2012 Multi State		
Client			:	Selective Insurance of America, US 
Role			:	Developer 
Organization		:	Tech Mahindra

Project Description:
	The 47th largest property and casualty (P&C) company in the U.S., Selective is a customer-focused, regional company providing a broad range of insurance and alternative risk management products and services.   Through other subsidiaries, the company offers claim management services; human resources administration services; and risk management products and services. Also, Selective offers managed care services, including premiere medical provider networks, insurance software development and processing services and sales and professional employer organization programs.  Property ISO Multistate revision, this project is to adopt and implement CLAS (Commercial Lines Automated System) support for the outstanding ISO commercial property multi-state revisions and miscellaneous property CLAS changes. Implementing these outstanding changes will allow Commercial Property to be more efficient and accurate handling of some commercial property coverages that currently do not have full CLAS support.
	The main aim of the project is to provide the premiums, rates benefits, coverages which are available for DE state need to be available for DC state also.
Project 3:
Project			:	Application Maintenance and Support
Client			:	TAL, Australia
Role			:	Support 
Organization		:	Tech Mahindra

Project Description:
TAL is a leading Life Insurance specialist and for over 140 years, we’ve been protecting people, not things. Together with our partners we protect almost 4 million Australians and their families, helping them look after what matters most, so they have the freedom to keep living the life they planned.
The main aim of the project is to resolve the production/pre-production issues within SLA’s. 
EDUCATION
		Course
	
	
	
	



	Institution
	Board/University
	Year
	Performance

	B.Tech

	GIET College of Engineering
	JNTU Kakinada
	2015
	79.8%

	XII

	Vikas Junior College
	Board of Intermediate
	2011
	95.3%

	X

	St.Ann’s English Medium School
	I.C.S.E
	2009
	77%



INTERESTS
· Solving Suduko
· Reading books
· Indoor and Outdoor Games

PERSONAL PROFILE
Name			:	Mounica Kancherla
Date of Birth		:	 23rd  August, 1993 
Nationality		:	 Indian 
Languages		:	 English, Telugu
DECLARATION	
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to my knowledge and I bear the full responsibility for its correctness.

MOUNICA KANCHERLA





