




















































	RESUME	
SRINIVASULU BOMMISETTY
Ph: 9959295765, 7032011844 	Mail: srinubsv13@gmail.com

 (
Summary
)

· Have 1 Year 1 Months of work experience as a Dot Net developer & web Designing in Mobitel Technologies Private Limited.
· Have hands on exposure in Developing Web Applications with expertise in C#, ASP.NET, JQuery, SQL Server 2012, Bootstrap,HTML,CSS,
· Good exposure in .NET Framework, OOPS concept, SQL Server.
· Good knowledge on Stored Procedures, Function, Views.
· Excellent team player with problem-solving and trouble-shooting capabilities.
· Can easily adapt to any new technologies with ease and comfort.
· Good Inter personal and Communication Skill
· One who can work dedicatedly under pressure

 (
Work Experience
)

Company Name	:	Mobitel Technologies Private Limited, Hyderabad.  Designation	:	Software Engineer.
Experience	:	Sept, 2016 – Till Date.

 (
Technical
 
Skills
)


	
Languages
	
C, C#.Net

	
Databases
	
MS SQL server

	
Developing Tools
	
Visual Studio2013/15, SQL ServerManagementStudio2012

	
Technologies
	
Asp.Net, HTML, CSS, XML, JQuery, Bootstrap,Angular JS

	
Operating System
	
Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10,




 (
Project
 
Experience
)

Project Name	: 	Air2SMS 
Role			: 	Software Engineer
Environment	:	C#.Net, ASP.Net, SQL Server, 


Description		:	Air2SMS provides various solutions to send single or bulk messages using the internet. ‘Air2SMS.com’ is the product designed as a perfect solution for sending bulk SMSs to unlimited mobile numbers at a time.

Responsibilities:

· Involved in gathering requirements from client/ Sr. Developers to develop web application.
· Involved in developing the Modules like Admin & User.
· Involved in design and developing the Features like Single & Bulk Messaging.
· Provide ongoing application support and trouble shooting.
· Written WCF service to Update User details from Service Providers to Air2SMS Servers.
· Reporting and Updating work status to higher authorities.
 (
Education Details
)

MCA 2013-2016 Passed (Sri Sai College of IT & Management) from JNTUA with 80.7%.

 (
Strengths
)

· Self Motivated & Quick Learner.
· Flexibility and Adaptability to work in any environment.
· Sincere in Time Management & Smart working.
· Zeal to learn new technologies.
 (
Personal Profile
)

Name			:	Srinivasulu Bommisetty

DOB				:	01/04/1993

Marital Status		:	Single

Nationality			:	India

Languages Known		:	 English, Telugu.

Address			: 	7—632/147, Second Floor, Opp. Andhra Bank street, Bapu  					Nagar, S.R Nagar, Hyderabad-500038.

 (
Declaration
)

I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Date	:
Place: Hyderabad				Srinivasulu B
