














































 

SEEMA RANI 
Mob No: +918744868160, +918930154959 

Email Id: seema.panghal.1910@gmail.com 

Address: U-39/5 Dlf Phase 3  

Gurugram Haryana-122001 

 

Career Objective 
To work in a globally competitive & challenging environment to utilize my skills and abilities in 

The Telecom industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful and flexible so as to 

achieve self realization and accomplishment of organizational goals. 

 

Experience: Roles and Responsibilities 
 

Organization Position Working Profile Start Date End Date 

British Telecom Network Planner 

& Designer 

Network Recorder (DSLAM 

installation) and increasing 

the Capacity of existing 

DSLAM. 

11th March 

2017 

Present 

Nielsen India Research Assistant Performed primary and 

Secondary market research 

for a major finance project. 

5th Jan 2015 29th Feb 2016 

 

Project Name -NGA Planning and Designing 
 

 Working on FTTC technology for DSLAM installation in UK including the Site Survey 
Equipment required And Budget analysis. 

 Increasing the capacity and taking responsibility for running an operators network and related 
business Support System. 

 Closing the DFE (departure from Estimate) in Remedy as per SLA defined by Visioning with the 
            Contractors of the Network infrastructure. 

 Perform IT Network infrastructure architecture design, evaluate project requirements and develop 
architecture solution according to BT and customer’s IT Network and Security Policy and 

Standards.  

 Design, Implement and Troubleshoot the Leased Line Network of BT’s clients.  

 Network monitoring and coordinating with L2/L3 Network Engineer of BT (UK) for link and 
network device related issues  

 Performing network Design/ implementation task under the supervision of Network Designers of 
BT (UK)  

 Handling Escalation of network operations on daily basis  
 

Project Name – Marketing Researches 
 

 Provide orientation and guidance to new employees. 

 Interact with people for the taking feedback regarding financial, Automobiles and DA projects. 

 Handle large volume of data. 

 Performed primary research and prepared disposition summary for a major finance project. 

 Conduct focus groups and provide day to day support of ongoing consumer satisfaction studies. 

 Analyzed and reported research results to management on a weekly, monthly and quartly basis. 



 

Educational Qualification 

 
Degree Year University/Board Marks obtained (%) 

MBA (Operations) 2015-2017 GJU, Hisar 74 

B-Tech (ECE) 2011-2014 KUK 74 

Diploma (ECE) 2008-2011 HBSTE 73 

10th 2007-2008 HBSE 79 

 

Summer Trainings 

 

 4 Week Industrial Training: Aug’01 - Aug ’31, 2012 

 6 Week Industrial Training: Jul ’15 - Aug ’30, 2013 
 

Title: GSM (Telecoma Private Limited, Mohali, Chandigarh) 

   Description: Study about of global system of mobile networking, call flow from one end to another end, 

BSC, BTS, MSC and handover, GSM architecture etc. 

Title: MICRO-CONTROLLER 8051(Eureka East Soft Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Mohali, Chandigarh) 

   Description: Study about Micro-Controller 8051 hardware, its pin description and functioning, 

interfacing with LED, LCD, DC Motor and Relay etc. 

 

Professional Knowledge 
 

Programming language C language 

Operating System Windows 7, Windows 8 

Office Tools Piper ,WFMT, LLUMS, Gazetteer ,Alarm 

monitoring Tool, MS-Office 

Technical FTTC, CCNA , DSLAM ,DSL, Alarm Monitoring 

,OSS,O&M ,CDMA ,GSM,GSM Operations, Call 

flows 

 

Main Strengths 

 

 Good communication and interpersonal skills. 

 Effective, personable team player with unsurpassed interpersonal skills. 

 Enthusiastic learner who quickly grasps new concepts, technical skills and take up new challenges. 

 Proficient problem-solver who envisions technical perspectives to develop workable solutions. 

 My greatest strength is sincerity, perseverance and commitment. 
 

Field of Interest 

 
• Telecom 
• Networking 
• Operations Management  

 



 

Extracurricular Activities 

• Successfully organized many events in college. 
• Actively participated in various Technical events and cultural events of college. 
• Won various prizes in debate competitions at school level. 

 

Personal details 
 

Name: Seema Rani 

Father’s Name: Dalbir Singh 

Sex/Status: Female/Single 

Nationality: Indian 

Date of Birth: 10-Jan-1994 

Language Known: English, Hindi, Punjabi 

 

Declaration 
 

I do hereby declare that all the particulars stated above are true to the best of my knowledge &belief. 

 

 

Dated: 03rd Dec 2017 

Place: -Gurugram (Seema Rani) 


