


















































SANTOSH  KUMAR  SINGH                  Email      :  kumar1219@yahoo.com  
                     Relevant Experience: 5.8 Years                             Mob No   :  (+91) 9884722745
               
                                                                                                               
 (
C
areer Objective
) 
                                           	                                                                                           
Seeking work in dynamic and challenging role which enables me to utilize my Technical and                        Analytical skills, thereby enable my professional growth to the next level of responsibility and
          Challenges.
 (
S
ummary of Skills 
)
        

· Extensive working experience with Base SAS, Advance SAS , SAS macros , SAS Procs ,SAS/STAT and SQL  on Windows ,Mainframe and Unix Operating systems.
· Expertise in working with various SAS procedures such as PROC MEANS ,PROC SUMMARY,
PROC FREQ , PROC REPORT ,PROC APPEND ,PROC FORMAT , PROC SQL , PROC
IMPORT , PROC EXPORT ,PROC TRANSPOSE , PROC UNIVARIATE.
· Exposure and working experience on JCL and Z/OS IBM Mainframe system and Unix OS.
· Possess extensive knowledge of developing, modifying and maintaining SAS programs.
· Understanding of Retail banking products such are mortgages ,personal loans , credit cards and overdrafts or current accounts.
· Possess strong ability to quickly adapt to new applications and platforms.
· A strong team worker with an ability to build strong business and team relationships.
· Flourish in both independent and collaborative work environments with quick learning abilities.
· Excellent time management skills with the ability to handle multiple deliverables and ability to prioritize workloads appropriately.
 (
Work Experience
)

3). Organisation: HSBC Electronic Data Processing India Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: Manager - Analytics
Duration: Mar, 2018 –  Jun, 2018
Technical Environment: Base SAS, Advance SAS, SAS Macros, SQL and Excel

Responsibilities:
Work on collaboration with onshore and offshore teams and create  Retail banking performance reports for regulatory needs by using SAS, SQL and Excel. 

· Understand the regulatory requirement and write SAS scripts to fetch the required data and create derived Key Indicators.
· Automation of works that needs manual intervention to reduce efforts and manual error free scripts.
· Converting Excel formula/calculation logics into SAS scripts
· Provides development ,training and professional education to team members

2). Organisation: Moody’s Analytics Knowledge Services India Pvt. Ltd. 
Duration: Aug, 2016 – Mar ,2018
Designation: Delivery Lead
Technical Environment: Base SAS, Advance SAS, Macros, SAS/STAT, SQL and Unix OS

Responsibilities:
This role involves performing risk analytics for the British Multinational investment banking and financial company Barclays Capital. Responsibility include generating the Risk analytics for the portfolio and their factors contributing to this risk. This role requires extensive coding of Base SAS, Advance SAS ,  SAS Macros ,basic understanding of Statistics and Unix scripting.  


· Extracting data from Bloomberg and Barclays sytems using Proc Sql
· Develope SAS scripts for Data Cleansing ,data imputation and processing data. 
· Modify the existing SAS scripts according to the new business requirements.
· Respond to frequent ad-hoc requests for analysis, data gathering and reporting.
· Ensure the quality of documentation of relevant Standard Operating Procedures.
· Automation of various reports to reduce time , errors and maximize efficiency.
· Trained team members on the established business process, monitored the tasks performed and provided guidance in the process understanding.


1).Organisation: Aon Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Designation: Programmer Analyst Advanced
Duration: Nov, 2012 – Aug, 2016
Technical Environment: Base SAS, Advance SAS, SQL, JCL and Z/OS IBM Mainframe

Responsibilities:
Work on collaboration with onshore and offshore teams , Understand business requirements and convert into system specific requirements and create scripts to achieve expected results. Intensive SAS , SQL ,SAS Procs , SAS Macros and Jcl coding  was associated with this role to support banking client Keybank.

· Be the part of requirements handoff and clarification meeting.
· Understand requirements and analyze the technical flow for the Project.
· Create SAS scripts and prepare jcl jobs for reporting and manipulating data to meet client requirements.
· Production Deployment of codes and Post Production Deployment Validation.
· Handle Production Support of scheduled jobs on daily basis and take proactive action on job abends.
· Guide colleagues and help them to resolve issues. 



                         
 (
Professional
 C
ertifications
)
 (I).Oracle SQL 10g Certified – Oracle University ,Year 2012
 (II).Oracle Certified Professional  DBA(OCP) 10g – Oracle University ,Year 2012
 (III).Oracle Certified Associate  DBA(OCA) 10g- Oracle University ,Year 2012

 (
E
ducational
 Qualification
)
Pursued Degree of Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering in the year 2012 from Dr. MGR Educational and Research Institute, Chennai with an aggregate of 83%.
 (
Personal Profile
)                                                  
                

Father’s Name         - G.P Singh
 Religion                   -  Hindu
 Nationality               -  Indian
 Gender                      -  Male  
 Languages known    -  English,Hindi
Date of Birth              - 12th Oct ,1990
Current Location      -  Jaya Building, House No #90 ,3rd Floor, 1st  main Road ,Pai Layout
                          Bangalore (Karnataka-560016)

 (
Declaration
)                                                                                                    
                               
I hereby declare that all the statement made by me are true to the best of my
Knowledge and belief.
                                                                                                          Santosh Singh
	2
	



