

















































CV_design_03

Sourav PandeyLast Update: Nov-10-2019

Phone: +91-9088552475, Email:ssourav2909@gmail.com

Profile
 A Dynamic professional with 3 years and 3  months of experience in Account & Finance. Have primarily worked on Oracle GFS, SAP BO, R2R, Taxation, and Bank Reconciliation. I am currently working in Genpact Private Ltd as Management Trainee as Financila anlyst
Recognized with Project Star Award and outstanding contribution for excellent performance and contribution to NAAC project.





Education



2008-2010	10th from West Bengal Board of Secondary Education, India. 1
2010 - 2012 	12th from West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education, India.
2012 – 2015 	 B. Com in Account & Finance (H) from Calcutta University, India.

Skills 
· Computer Skills – Oracle, MS Office
·  Effective communication Skills – oral and written.
· Ability to maintain cordial relations with Clients, BU and resolve critical issues effectively. 
· Ability to take ownership and make crucial decisions. 
· Ability to propagate team cohesion and positively encourage peers to enhance their performance. 
· Enthusiastic learner who quickly grasps new concepts and technical skills



Organizational Experience
  	Company 		:       Genpact India Pvt Ltd					
Designation	:	 Management Trainee( A4)
Role	:	 General Ledger
Department 	: 	 Record to Report (R2R)
Duration	:	 06-Sep-2019 to till now






2.        Company 		:       Capgemini India Pvt Ltd					
Designation	:	 Process Associate (A3)
Role	:	 General Ledger
Department 	: 	 Record to Report (R2R)
Duration	:	 30-Aug-2019 to till 3-Sep-2019




Client: Capgemini North America & Canada & Boeing SSG and Avial ltd

Job Profile:
· Tax - All tax reconciliation GST, HST and QST filling, US Sale-tax filling. US use tax filling, Canada NR withholding tax filling, and Royalty tax filling.
· Treasury -Booking Bank Transaction, preparing Bank Reconciliation, following up with sub-ledger to clear various kind of open item in bank
· Payroll- Validating US Payroll and Canada Payroll.
· Making Journal Entries, Validating the requisites, processing and posting the entries in Oracle.
·  Month End Closing Activities and Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statement` 
· Treasury activities - Making Daily Cash Entries, tallying all Bank Statements with GL Reports, Clearing Checks in Oracle Manually, and Creating Wire Sheets for Payment, following up with Sub ledgers for resolving and clearing Open Items of Variances in Reconciliations. 
· Validations - Journal Entry Validations, Payroll Validation, Accounts Payable Validations, Accounts Receivable Validations, Project Accounting Validations. 
·  Reconciliations- Bank Reconciliation, payroll Reconciliation, Medical Benefit Reconciliation,Accural Reconciliation and 401 K Roth Reconciliation.  





	Personal Information

Father Name		: Mr. Chandra van Pandey
Date of Birth		: 27-Feb-1995
Nationality		: Indian
Marital Status		: Unmarried
Hobbies			: Reading Novel, Cricket, Badminton, Listening to music

Date  10-Nov-2019
Place   Kolkata									(Sourav Pandey)
