









































Microsoft Word - CA.Meena Guptha Resume.doc-1 (1).Doc


 

 

Qualification: 

Chartered Accountant 

 

 

 

Email:  

  Meenaguptha93@gmail.com  
   

 

 

Contact No.   

+91- 9390182489 

                              

                      

 

D.O.B:    

12-10-1993 

 

Age:   25 yrs 
 

 

 

 

Career Objective 

To work in a challenging environment that best utilizes the knowledge and skills 

acquired by me in the field of Assurance , Accounts & Finance and associated areas 

which gives me an opportunity to contribute towards the organizational goals and also 

to enhance my skills and to give best to the development of Nation. 

 

Professional Career & Academic Career 

Particulars Name of the Institute Marks 

(%) 

Year of 

Passing 

 

Chartered Accountancy 

 C.A  Final 

 C.A  IPCC 

 C A  CPT 

 

Institute of Chartered 

Accountants of India 

(ICAI) 

 

 

59.88 % 

57.15% 

80.00 % 

 

 

May 2017 

May 2013 

June 2012 

Intermediate               

MEC 

Board of Intermediate 

Education, AP, India. 95.50% 

 

March 2012 

Secondary School 

Certification (S.S.C) 

Board of Secondary 

Education, AP, India. 91.67% 

 

March 2010 

 

Achievements 

 Stood as School first in S.S.C from Nagarjuna High School, Quthbullapur 
Mandal. 

 Stood as College Topper in Intermediate from Sai Chaitanya Jr. College, 
Quthbullapur Mandal. 

 Kabaddi District Level Player & won District Medal. 

 Elected as Head Girl in School and Organized Various Events such as Annual 
Day, Sports Day. 

  Won various prizes in Debate, Extempore Competitions at School Level and 
College Level. 

 Awarded as Best Article Student. 

 

 

 

 

 
                                                       G.MEENA RANI 

 
 
 



 

 

Experience: 

 

 

Post Qualification 

Experience 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Article ship Experience 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Experience: 
 
 
S.R.Batliboi and Associates 
Executive,Assurance – @ S.R.Batliboi and Associates,Chennai  (Indian wing of 
Ernst& Young ,LLP) - (September 2017 – Present) 

 Handling external audit engagements of MNC Clients with hands on 
experience in IFRS/IAS and ISAs 

 Contributed to Group Reporting Engagement which involved extensive 
TOCs, Analytical Procedures and Substantive procedures. 

 Performed walk-through to understand Financial reporting systems and to 
identify internal controls that reduce the risk of material misstatement of 
financial results. 

 Performed testing procedures on Accounts Receivables, Accounts 
Payable, Fixed Assets , Inventory , accrued liabilities, revenue, expenses 
– cost of sales, Payroll. 

 

MGR & Co 

 Completed 3 years of Articleship training from esteemed Organization 
M/s. MGR & Co Chartered Accountants, Hyderabad which was 

established in 1973. 

 

Key Learning : 

 The Everyday Guidelines helped me to ensure that consistency of   
presentation and the quality of service to meet the professional standards. 

        It has given me an insight into the inter-relationship of various functional   
areas of business. 

 

 The assignments gave an opportunity to apply theoretical concepts to 
practical situations. 

 

 It has helped me to study and analyze updates in generally accepted 
accounting principles, taxation and company law matters. 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Areas of Experience 

 

 Statutory Audit 

 Tax Audits 

 Accounting & Payroll 

 Bank Audits 

 Stock Audits 

 Internal Audits 

 IT Assessments 

 Concurrent Audits 

 ROC Filing and Company Incorporations. 

 

Assignments Handled: 

 

 

 Ensuring Compliance of Accounting standards and Applicable laws. 

 Finalization of Balance Sheet & books of accounts of Companies, Firms & Sole 
Proprietaries. 

 Well Experienced in Statutory audits, Internal Audits & Stock Audits.  

 Ensuring Compliance of TDS Provisions & Service Tax issues. 

 Registrations & Compliances under various laws and Handling Company Law Matters. 

 Drafting the audit approach by understanding the internal & external risks involved in 
client’s business environment.  

 Tax Audits ensuring compliance with Indian Tax Laws and reporting thereof.  

 Review of internal control and accounting systems in the areas of payroll processing, 
inventory management, production and communication of weaknesses to the management.   

 Corporate and personal tax compliance including Income Tax Assessments & 
Representations before Income tax Authorities. 

 
 

Computer & Other Skills: 

 

 Well acquainted with MS Office. 

 Working knowledge in various accounting packages like Tally ERP & Quick books. 

 Attended Information Technology Training & Orientation at ICAI, Hyderabad. 

 Attended Advanced ITT, GMCS I & GMCS II programs conducted by ICAI, Hyderabad . 
 

Other Interested Areas: 

 Travelling 

 Participating in Social Activities 

 Listening to Music 



 

 

Personal  Skills : 

 Positive attitude.  

 Hard work with planning and Dedication.  

 Adaptable to changes and emerging trends. 

 A quick learner with ‘Can Do’ attitude. 
 Good team spirit & Zeal to learn 
 Self-Confidence.  

 

Personal Profile 

Father’s name                            :             G.Upender 

Occupation                                :             Business 

Sex                                             :             Female 

Marital status                             :             Single 

Nationality                                 :             Indian 

Languages known                      :            English, Telugu, & Hindi.  

Permanent Address             :            H.No :4-52-277, Opposite to Darga 

            Maqdum Nagar , Jagathgiri Gutta  

            Hyderabad 500 037. 
 

 
 
Declaration 

I do hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
 

 
 
 Place: Hyderabad                 G.Meena Rani 


