



















































Rohita Kumar Barik           
rohit.kumar.barik@outlook.com  Mob: +91 - 7436990892                     
 
 

 

 
ACADEMIC RECORD: 
 
B. Tech ( Computer 
Science  and Engg.) 

Eastern Academy of Science and Technology, Bhubaneswar 
(B.P.U.T , Odisha) 

7.51/10 

ISC(12th) D.D Junior College, Kendujhargarh (C.H.S.E, Odisha) 65/100 

HSC(10th) D.N High School, Kendujhargarh ( B.S.E, Odisha) 81/100 

 

 
SUMMARY: 
 
 41 months of professional experience in software design, development, debugging, deployment, 

documentation and unit testing of Client - Server and Web based Applications. 
 Robotic Process Automation developer with more than 30 months of progressive experience in 

design, Development, Testing and Support of Windows, Web and SAP applications using Blue 
Prism and UiPath. 

 Implemented multiple End to End Robotic process Automation (RPA) in Banking, Insurance and 
Energy sectors. 

 Experience working on Waterfall and Agile Scrum Methodologies. 
 Experience in different spying methods like Win32, HTML, AA, UIA, SAP and Region mode in 

Blue Prism. 
 Experience in preparing TDD (Technical Design Documents) and user guides. 
 Experience in defect management tools like Rally, JIRA and Quality Centre 

 
SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS: 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS  RPA Tools : Blue Prism, UiPath 

 Programming Language : C#, SQL 
 Database : MS Sql Server, Oracle 
 Domain Knowledge : Banking and Finance, Energy, Insurance 

CERTIFICATIONS  Blue Prism Developer Accreditation to automate and deliver applications 
using Blue Prism. 

 Blue Prism Professional certification to automate applications using Blue 
Prism 

 RPA Developer Diploma in Uipath. 
 

mailto:rohit.kumar.barik@outlook.com


Rohita Kumar Barik           
rohit.kumar.barik@outlook.com  Mob: +91 - 7436990892                     
 
 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE:                                                                                                41 Months    
                                                                                      
 
Accenture Solutions Pvt Ltd.                    Application Developer                     May 2015 – Till Date 
 
Project Name 
 

Responsibilities 

Detroit Energy 
 
RPA Tool – Blue 
Prism 
 

o  
 Understanding business requirements and business flow for the assigned 

process by going through the Solution Design Documents. 
 Preparing the Technical Design Document (TDD) from Solution Design 

Document (SDD). 
 Working with Process architect and Technical architect to evaluate and 

recommend design alternatives. 
 Designing and developing robotic components including process flows, 

objects, exception handling etc. 
 Used different Spy modes like windows, html, SAP, Active Accessibility 

(AA) and region modes during objects development. 
 Followed the best practices during development of objects and process. 
 Integrating objects into processes based on the business scenarios. 
 Reviewing the codes based on code review checklists. 
 Creation, development and maintenance of automated MI Reporting of 

Blue Prism processes in MS Excel, also proposed and developed this 
solutions using SQL Server.  

 Performing unit testing of objects and processes after completion. 
 

Commonwealth 
Bank of Australia 
 
RPA Tool – Blue 
Prism 

 Understanding business requirements and business flow for the assigned 
process by going through the Solution Design Documents. 

 Going through the Objects and Process design instruction document to 
follow the best practices defined for the processes. 

 Designed configuration for assigned user stories and performed unit 
testing. 

 Implementing change requests for any change in the application or 
additional requirements in the designed process and integrating after 
proper approvals 

 Participated in daily scrum meeting and sprint retrospective meeting. 
MetLife 
 
RPA Tool – Blue 
Prism 

 Created Technical Design documents for a Robotic Process Automation 
project, based on business process design discussions with business 
stakeholders. 

 Interacted with window and web based application and created required 
objects and integrated all the objects in process studio. 

 Created reusable objects and processes so that other team can utilize for 
their process configuration. 

 Performed unit testing and supported system integration testing and User 
acceptance testing. 

 Informed the project manager daily on overall status of the solution. 
 Active participant of technical discussions and daily status call. 
 Assessed in defining end to end robotic process automation development 

mailto:rohit.kumar.barik@outlook.com


Rohita Kumar Barik           
rohit.kumar.barik@outlook.com  Mob: +91 - 7436990892                     
 
 

 

 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
 
 
 Organised College Level Annual Day Celebrations EASTRELLA in 2012. 
 Participated in District level  parade as an N.C.C cadet in Independence Day and Republic Day 
 Captained Inter Cricket Team in Inter College cricket championships. 

 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 
Name: Rohita Kumar Barik 
Fathers Name: Late. Jadumani Barik 
Ratanpur, Kendujhar, Odisha 
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Odia 
 

and strategy. 
 

HSBC 
 
RPA Tool – Blue 
Prism 

 Analyzing requirements and understanding business flow. 
 Experienced in building Blue Prism Processes and Business Objects for 

various business systems. 
 Worked with mainframe, windows, web application and surface 

automation. End to end process automation using Blue Prism. 
 Implemented Blue Prism User authentication by defining user roles, 

creating users and setting password policies. 
 Experience in using Blue Prism’s Credential Manager for retrieving the 

user credentials. 
 Creation, development and maintenance of automated MI Reporting of 

Blue Prism processes in MS Access and Excel, also looking into running 
this in MS SQL Server using MS Access front-end. 

 Efficiently handled monitoring and troubleshooting the Blue Prism 
environment through Control room. 

 Experience in managing robot’s workloads using Blue Prism Work 
Queues. 

 Worked with the Business Analysts in identifying and defining the 
requirements. 

 Extensively worked on debugging application for fixing bugs and 
Production support. 

 

mailto:rohit.kumar.barik@outlook.com

