












































CURRICULUM VITAE

CURRICULUM VITAE
Varsha Ganesh Popalkar.

Objective:

To become a part of the organization where profession and learning is most important. To treat every assignment as a process of learning & continuous improvement & contribute to the best potential keeping in mind in favour of organization objective & interest.
Personal Details:

Name 


: Varsha Ganesh Popalkar

Sex


: Female
Date of Birth 

: 24th December 1990
Languages Known
: English, Hindi, Marathi, 
Marital Status

: Single

Address

: Ramchandra Nagar No.2, 7/8 Opp.Nitin Co.
                                      Thane (W) 

Contact No.                 : 9892943914
E-Mail ID.

: varshapopalkar24@gmail.com 
Educational Profile
: 

1. S.S.C. passed from Maharashtra Board with First Class in March 2006.
2. H.S.C (Commerce) passed from Maharashtra Board with First Class in March 2008. 
3. B.com passed from Mumbai University with First Class in March 2011.

4. Appearing for M.com Part-I from Mumbai University in April 2012.

Additional Qualification 
:
1. Proficient in use of computer having knowledge of Microsoft word, Excel and PowerPoint,
2. Good knowledge of Tally 7.2 & Tally 9 which are mostly used as Customized Accounting      Packages in many Small & Medium Enterprises.
Work Experience :
1. P.M.Pophale & Associates (CA Firm) 
· Worked as Accounts Assistant for Period of One Year & Four Months From September 2008 to December 2009.
· Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statement 

· Working as Internal Audit Assistant with 2-3 Pvt.Ltd.Companies. 
2. M D Patel & Associates (CA firm)
· Worked as Accounts Assistant for Period from December 2009 to till date.

· Accounting Entries in Tally 7.2 or on Tally 9.

· Preparation of Income Tax Returns, TDS Returns, VAT & CST Returns, Service Tax Returns.
· Preparation of Income Tax Audit Report as per Income Tax Act, 1961.
· Preparation of Vat Audit Report as per Maharashtra Value Added Act, 2002.
· Filing application on MAHAVAT portal for procuring various forms such as Form C Online Tax Payment such as TDS, VAT, CST, Service Tax on behalf of clients.

· Handling Petty Cash Account and preparation of Cheques & Vouchers.

Hobbies:

1. Listening Music.
2. Photography
Presonal Strength :

1. Able to achieve milestones in required timeframes.
2. Able to lead a team of persons.
3. Able to put organization interest first at all time.
4. Proficient in use of computers including internet.
5. A good team player.
  Date:
Place: Thane







(Varsha G.Popalkar)

