
















































 (
Page
1
)
VIVEK RAGHORTE
Flat N.603, B-3 wing, Oxygen Valley, Solpur Highway, 
Manjari, Pune-412307
E-mail: vivek_raghorte30@yahoo.com
Mob No. +91 8554096633
	


Qualified BBA (H), finance, currently having 18th month of experience in fund accounting at State Street Syntel Services Pvt. Ltd. and 6 month of experience in custody at Deutsche Bank (Magna Infotech) 

OBJECTIVE
To be associated with a progressive organization that utilizes my knowledge to optimum possible level and provides an opportunity to achieve professional goals.

SKILLS
· Experience with M.S. Excel, M.S Word, Various Accounting Software and Bloomberg.  
· Strong Knowledge of Capital Market and Mutual Fund.
· Ability to complete multiple tasks in a timely manner. 
· Ability to meet strict deadlines and respond quickly to client’s inquiries / needs.
· Ability to adapt to new changes in process and market. 
· Good analytical skill.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Fund Accountant (Associate)
State Street Syntel Services Pvt. Ltd., Pune, Maharashtra
May, 2016 – Present

Responsibilities:
· Reconciliation of accounting records of subscription and redemption with transfer agent backup/files.
· Verify daily expense accrual posted correctly or not. 
· Verify all trade book correctly or not and also verify trade details & price of high % change trades, NAV impact trades with Bloomberg (GPO, HCPI, CACS, DES, QR), IDC, Trade Ticket & Blotter send by client. 
· The corporate action we check the shares are booked correctly as per corporate action instructions and we make sure that NAV impact of those corporate action are valid.
· Verify Portfolio Share and Adjusted Market Value of accounting side matching with other database i.e. NAVIGATOR. 
· I am responsible for check Trial of each Fund and make sure that all trials are balanced. 
· After applying today’s exchange rate in Fund Portfolio I run various reports like Portfolio Report, Forward Report, Unrealized Gain / Loss Report and review them accurately.
· I Sign off Summery Recon Report, which pulls NAV Impact of whole day’s activities. I research out the causing of these NAV impacts and send it to the client. 
· Updated and monitor daily trading general ledger and pricing fund to ensure accuracy of daily NAV calculation. 
Process Associate (Custody Operation)
Magna Infotech (Work location: Deutsche Bank) Pune, Maharashtra. 
September 2015 to March 2016(6 month)

Responsibilities
· Swift Rejection: Repairing and amending the swift message and intimating to the concern team in message view application.
· Handling of rejected swift from message view and repairing them so they flow in the market. 
· Cascade Reject.
· Overdraft Report.
· Settlement Reject. 
  

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS
2013- B.B.A (H) with “Finance” specialization from Nagpur University, Maharashtra with 60.35% Marks. 
2007- (10+2) from New English College, Nagpur, Maharashtra.
2005- 10th from D.D. Nagar High School, Nagpur, Maharashtra. 


Achievements

· Fast Track Promoted Officer to Associate with highest Rating due to good performance. 
· I am a processor but me acting as a role of reviewer in my process. 
· Appreciations for Process knowledge and Performance by Client, Manager  & TL. 	

PERSONAL DETAILS

	Fathers Name 
	:
	Manohar  Raghorte

	Nationality      
	:
	Indian

	Date of Birth
	:
	30-07-1989




DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all statement made in this sheet are true, complete, correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. In the event of any information being found false or incorrect or ineligibility detected before or after the test and interview or recruitment you will cancel me.



Date:

Place:                                                                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                                                  Signature










/docProps/thumbnail.wmf

 
Page
1
 
VIVEK RAGHORTE
 
Flat N.603, B
-
3 wing, Oxygen Valley, Solpur Highway, 
 
Manjari, Pune
-
412307
 
E
-
mail: vivek_raghorte30@yahoo
.com
 
Mob No. +91 8554096633
 
 
Qualified BBA (H), finance, currently 
having 18
th
 
month of experience in fund accounting at State Street Syntel Services 
Pvt. Ltd. and 6 month of experience in custody at Deutsche Bank (Magna Infotech) 
 
 
OBJECTIVE
 
To be associate
d with a progressive organization
 
that utilizes my knowledge to optimum possible level and provides an 
opportunity to achieve professional goals.
 
 
SKILLS
 
·
 
Experience 
with M.S. Excel, M.S Wor
d, 
Various Accounting 
Software and Bloomberg.  
 
·
 
Strong Knowledge of Capital Market and Mutual Fund.
 
·
 
Ability to complete multiple tasks in a timely manner. 
 
·
 
Ability to meet strict 
deadlines and respond quickly to client’s inquiries / needs.
 
·
 
Ability to adapt to new changes in process and market. 
 
·
 
Good analytical skill.
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 
Fund 
Accountant (Associate)
 
State Street Syntel Services Pvt. Ltd., 
Pune,
 
Maharashtra
 
May
, 2016
 
–
 
P
resent
 
 
Responsibilities
:
 
·
 
Reconciliation of accounting records of subscription and redemption with transfer agent backup/files.
 
·
 
Verify daily expense accrual posted correctly or not. 
 
·
 
Verify all trade book correctly or not and also verify trade details & price of high % change 
trades, 
NAV impact 
trades with 
Bloomberg (GPO, HCPI, CACS, DES, QR), IDC, Trade Ticket & Blotter send by cl
ient. 
 
·
 
The corporate action we check the shares are booked correctly as per corporate action instructions and we 
make sure that NAV impact of those corporate action are valid.
 
·
 
Verify Portfolio Share and Adjusted Market Value of accounting side matching wit
h other database i.e. 
NAVIGATOR
. 
 
·
 
I am responsible for check Trial of each Fund and make sure that all trials are balanced. 
 
·
 
After applying today’s exchange rate in Fund Portfolio I run various reports like Portfolio Report, Forward 
Report, Unrealized Gain
 
/ Loss Report and review them accurately.
 
·
 
I Sign off Summery Recon Report, which pulls NAV Impact of whole day’s activities. I research out the causing of 
these NAV impacts and send it to 
the client. 
 
·
 
Updated and monitor daily trading general ledger and p
ricing fund to ensure accuracy of daily NAV calculation. 
 
