





















































CONTACT INFO


	

Thenmozhi Address	:	No:1, Chelliamman Nagar 1st street, Girija nagar ,Kolathur ,  chennai 600099
Mobile	:	(+91) 8939408497
Email	:   thensureshaug2@gmail.com
Age	 :   22	D.O.B : 22-Aug-1997

Suresh


My Objective

To make a sound position in corporate world and work enthusiastically in team to achieve goal(vision and mission) of the organization/MNC with devotion, hard work with maximum utilisation of my potential. 






My Education


	2015 -2018
	BACHELOR OF 
COMMERCE
	Institution: D G Vaishnav college.
Percentage : 66%

	2014– 2015
	HIGHER SECONDARY EXAMINATIONS  
 ( 12th  )
	Institution: Everwin Matriculation Hr Sec School.
Percentage : 91.%

	2012-2013
	HIGH SCHOOL
 EXAMINATIONS 
 ( 10th  )
	Institution: Everwin Matriculation Hr Sec School
Percentage : 84.5%


Skill Sets, How i work



	I like to work in different ways with different styles , So I  to combine lots of these , is a great weapon of choice

	Application deployment:
Microsoft office ( Word, Excel, power point
And Adobe professional DC, Nitro PDF )
	Strength: Good grasping power, Leadership Quality, Positive Thoughts, Self-confidence, Honesty are my assets. 





My Experiences , What i Have Done


	        
Junior Account Associate, Superannuation ops private limited, Chennai ,Tamilnadu
Work experience of 1 year and 6 months

  Ability to Perform accounting duties of a complex nature requiring advanced experience, knowledge and competency in accounting principles and practices.

   Prepare, examine or analyze accounting records, financial statements, operating
Statement, general ledger and tax return or other financial reports to assess accuracy
Completeness and conformance to reporting and procedural standards.

   Ability to work on difficulty jobs and the job will be completed at the schedule time 
By using the various shortcut methods to complete the work.
Personal Details


	
	Father Name         - Suresh P
Mother Name.       -  Meivizhi S
Nationality             -  Indian
Languages known – English and Tamil	


	   Declaration

 
          I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge
And belief. 





	Kind Regards,
Thenmozhi Suresh





					
Total experience                               -   1 year 6 Months
Relevant experience in R2R             -   Experience in preparation of complete financials
Highest Education                             -    Bachelor of Commerce
Current Organisation.                       -.    Superannuation ops private limited
Current CTC.                                      -.     ₹ 15,000 pm
Expected CTC.                                   -.    ₹ 20,000 pm
Notice period.                                    -.    Completed my Two months Notice period
Flexible for shifts.                                -.    Yes
Available for F2F on 16th Nov in Chennai – Yes





