









































Microsoft Word - Bhawana Resume.


  
 

1 

   
 

Bhawana Chauhan 
H.No-12, Chandu Park, Krishna Nagar, Delhi-110051 
Mob# +91-9873966407 
E-mail: Bhawanachauhan27@gmail.com   

 

Career Objective 
 
5 years of Finance and Insurance industry experience. I am Looking for a position in which I can utilize 
my potential, further accelerate career growth by capitalizing upon my skill and knowledge set for 
professional growth in conjunction with organizational goals.  
 
Experience Details 
 
ALLIANZ PARTNERS (PROCESS DEVELOPER)-(JUNE’2018 – TILL DATE) 
 
Allianz is a Global leader in insurance, specializing in travel insurance. Our process is responsible for 
handling all accounting activities (AP, AR and GL) for its operations in France. 
 
ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITES 
 

 Responsible for Intercompany Re-Billing activities, FEBA, Analysis of Accounts. 
 Resolve Litigations between Business units. 

 Research and follow up on the open items. 
 Reporting and preparing dashboard for the Intercompany Receivables. 

 Handle queries from different business units and provide them resolution. 
 Cross trained on invoice processing, transferring of invoices from AIMS to Best. 
 Cross trained on Uploading and interfacing payment batches in Aggresso and prepare payment 

Proposals. 

 

GENPACT (PROCESS DEVELOPER)-(NOVEMBER 2013 – MAY’2018) 
 
It is a very critical and high-end process in a US based Insurance company which is a leading power of 
property and casualty insurance. The process is R2R Ops which is responsible for General Ledger 
Reconciliation.  
 
ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 

 Preparation of Reconciliation of Balance sheet accounts. 
 Research and follow up on the open items and variances between GL and independent 

supporting documents. 

 Prepare several reports after month end close like Reinsurance Report, Open items report etc 

 Enable the smooth resolution of the open items by proper following up on the open items. 
 Prepare and post monthly re-class and write off journal entries. 

 Handling customer effectively with all their doubts and requirement in the process. 
 Accountable for amending/updating SOPs. 
 Act as a reviewer of the accounts. 
 Cross trained on Assure net Admin work. 

 Provide process related training to the new joiners in the team. 
 Got a responsibility as a work lead to help other team members to train and guide them to work. 



  
 

2 

   
 

 
Achievements 

 

 Awarded with Indira Award for securing 1st position in east zone in commerce stream in 12th  
standard. 

 Completed Graduation and Post-Graduation with 1St Division.  
 Three times Caught on Spot winner for excellent work along with taking initiatives in business 

deliverables in my process. 
 Two times Bronze Award winner in Annual Rewards and Recognition function for the Year 

2014 and 2016 
 Bravo Award Winner from the client side for updating SOP and finding supporting document for 

specific accounts. 
 Gave Three Lean ideas for the process benefits which helps in save huge time and made follow 

up process smoother for specific category of Reconciliation  
 
Skills Summary 

 
 Working effectively during Month end close in high pressure situations. 
 Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a given timeline. 
 Working knowledge of Oracle PeopleSoft–ERP/ EFIN, Assurenet, SAP and MS Excel. 
 Knowledge of different tools- Esperanza, Best, Frontier and Fintran. 
 Strong email writing skills. 
 Good analytical and logical skills to arrive at solutions. 
 

 
Academic Qualification 

 

 
Personal Information 
 

Father’s name         :  Mr. Anupam Chauhan  

Date of Birth            :  27 Nov, 1992  

Language                 : English & Hindi 

Gender                     :  Female 

Nationality               :  Indian 

Marital Status          :  Single 

Total Experience     :  5 Years 

 

Date :   

Place : New Delhi            BHAWANA CHAUHAN                                                                   

Qualification Year School/College Board/University 

M.COM 2015 School of open learning Delhi University 

B.COM (Hons) 2013 Shri Ram College of 
Commerce 

Delhi University 

12th 2010 R.D.A.G.Sr.Sec.School C.B.S.E 

10th 2008 R.D.A.G.Sr.Sec.School C.B.S.E 


