Mark Patrick Micolucci
610-***-****
ac13uq@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/markmicolucci Wayne, PA 19087
Deliver Exceptional Technology Projects

Utilize strong technology background to manage technology projects, implementing enterprise wide data warehouses, CRM systems, accounting systems, applications, and processes. Managing onshore and offshore resources on multiple agile teams. Experienced project manager, scrum master, development manager, and solution architect. Experience in managing the full project lifecycle from business development to final delivery.
Expertise includes:
Project Management
Data Warehouse Architect
Systems Integration
Business Analysis
Database Administration
ETL Software
Technical Analysis
Data Governance
Application Design

Technical Skills
Databases:
SQL Server 2014, 2012, 2008, 2005, 2000, Oracle 10g, Oracle 9i, Oracle 8i, Sybase,
DB Tools:
SQL Enterprise Manager, SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Server SSIS, SSRS, SSAS,
Oracle Management Server, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Oracle Failsafe,
SQL Profiler, Performance Monitor, PL/SQL Developer, iSQLPlus, TOAD,
ErWin Data Modeling, Embarcadero ER/Studio, Embarcadero DB Artisan, Embarcadero RapidSQL
ETL Tools:
SQL Server Integration Services, Informatica, IBM Cognos Data Manager, Cognos DecisionStream,
Netik Interchange, Markit EDM Software
Languages:
PL/SQL, SQL, Visual Basic, VBA, VB.NET, ASP.NET, C,
BI Software:
Cognos Reportnet, Cognos PowerPlay, Transformer, Cognos Query, Crystal Reports
Financial Systems:
Eagle PACE data warehouse, Eagle STAR portfolio accounting,
Netik data warehouse, Markit EDM, Geneva, FIS Sungard Invest One, Investier
CRM Software:
Salesforce.com, Siebel CRM, Onyx CRM

Professional Experience

OPEN SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGIES, Philadelphia, PA 2016 – Present
Scrum Master / Project Manager at Cigna
Manage an agile team of 15 developers and QA, managing software delivery lifecycle of Enterprise Voluntary Products (EVP) including planning, scheduling, coordinating, and managing releases across the program for multiple applications including vendor software products.
Interface with EVP Stakeholders, Product Owners, Analysts, Dev Managers, Test Managers, Business Teams, and IT Operations, and report to Senior Management on the status and trends of the team's releases including team velocity, sprint burndown rates, defect metrics, and lessons learned.
Work with other IT Leads and Production Support team to improve software engineering processes associated with continuously building, deploying, and updating software and environments.
Strong understanding software solutions, confident in making decisions on complex or ambiguous issues, and effectively communicate to individuals at various levels of the technical and business communities.

SEI INVESTMENTS, Oaks, PA 2006 – 2016
IT Project Manager
Hired as Project Manager and Technical Lead, managing a development team of 10 people, implementing the Netik financial data warehouse, driving product life-cycle for the “IMS Platform” from conception to realization, generating the product roadmap, targeting traditional and alternative investment managers.
Established project plans, estimating milestones, outlining tasks, coordinating sprints, managing releases, and delivering weekly status reports to senior management.
Collaborated with teams from different business lines, gathering business requirements, prioritizing and coordinating multiple deliverables with stakeholders with varying agendas and timelines.
Managed systems integration, market data integration, data governance, and data management projects, delivering innovative solutions that aligned with business needs, enhancing business processes, and improving support.
Managed enumerable projects, working as the Project Manager and the Scrum Master across multiple development teams, delivering critical technology projects to support the back office, middle office, accounting, and compliance departments.
Documented and managed many projects, working as Business Analyst, Development Manager, and Scrum Master, vastly improving time to market, creating new revenue, and delivering critical technology projects:
oNet Asset Value Disclosure and reporting application, enticing largest client to commit all back-office work to SEI and creating a new revenue stream for SEI from all new NAVD clients.
oCompliance Reporting and data integration, providing specialized services for 2nd largest client and creating a new revenue stream from all new Compliance clients.
oBroker Quote collection and reporting application, automating process for new client and creating a new revenue stream from all new Broker Quote clients.
oBloomberg Back Office Files project, eliminating Bloomberg API calls and lowering operational costs. Analyzed over 700 files, designing Security Master database and Informatica ETL processes. Designed several applications, automating self-service reporting while integrating multiple data sources such as Russell, S&P, Lipper, and Markit.
oSecurity Master Reference Data integration projects, automating security master data refreshes for multiple accounting, reporting, and compliance systems, preventing costly errors for clients.
oBloomberg Per Security, centralizing data retrieval and integration for various projects, reducing Bloomberg fees.
oIHS Markit Corporate Actions project, automating processing for multiple accounting systems, reducing manual errors, saving time, money and resources.
oIHS Markit Loans and Fair Value Pricing, automating pricing for multiple accounting systems, reducing manual errors, saving time, money and resources.
oMoody’s and S&P ratings changes, automating reporting and providing a new service for all clients.

BRANDYWINE GLOBAL INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, Philadelphia, PA 2006 – 2006
Data Architect
Managed an Oracle database for an Eagle PACE data warehouse, designing and coding a new security set up/refresh process using Bloomberg Per Security, integrating with Charles River Trading system, documenting the security master process, and converting reports to the new data warehouse.

GARTMORE GLOBAL INVESTMENTS (owned by Nationwide), Conshohocken, PA 2003 – 2006
Data Architect and Project Manager
Tasked as Project Manager and Database Architect, architecting new relational Oracle database and ETL workflows. Developed project plans, establishing milestones, estimating development, and delivering weekly status to management.
Created logical model, physical model, and data dictionary, standardizing the naming conventions for over 200 tables using Embarcadero ER Studio. Analyzed over 60 data feeds, developing all ETL workflows using IBM Cognos Data Manager, standardizing ETL processes, and organizing all daily, weekly, and monthly processes.
Worked with business teams and developers, converting all existing apps and reports to the new database, managing all releases, offering expertise in architecture, and converting to the Longview Trading System in under 3 months.
Implemented and administered Cognos Reportnet, designing the Cognos Reportnet catalogs, automating daily sales reporting for internal and external sales reps.
Charged with all facets of Oracle database management, performing software installation, configuration, monitoring, backup and recovery, disaster recovery, performance tuning, security, database architecture, documenting standard policies and procedures, and performing upgrades from Oracle 8i to Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g.

CORVIANT CORPORATION (owned by Nationwide), Conshohocken, PA 2001 – 2003
Manager Database Group
Tasked as Technical Lead, implementing and integrating Eagle PACE and Eagle STAR, creating the project plan, outlining milestones, tasks, and timelines, coordinating project releases, and delivering weekly status to PMO.
Developed ETL for the data warehouse, mapping positions, transactions, IDC pricing, and IDC Security Master file, integrating the data warehouse with Trading, CRM, Portfolio Accounting, and Investment Advisory Tools.
Supported over 30 databases on multiple clustered servers, using Embarcadero ER Studio for specifying logical models, physical models, and data dictionaries, and using Embarcadero DB Artisan for administering databases.
Charged with all facets of SQL Server database management including software installation, configuration, monitoring, upgrading, backup and recovery, disaster recovery, performance tuning, security, database architecture, documenting standard policies and procedures, and performing upgrades.

Additional Relevant Experience

SAP AMERICA, INC., Newtown Square, PA 2000 – 2001
Database Administrator – Marketing and Sales SQL Server Database Admin, ETL and Application Developer

FIRST CONSULTING GROUP, Wayne, PA 2000 – 2000
Database Architect – Erwin data modeler for claims processing system

DELAWARE INVESTMENTS, INC., Philadelphia, PA 1998 – 2000
Database Administrator and Project Manager – Application Developer, Cognos Admin, and Project Manager

Education
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Business Administration, Franklin and Marshall College, Lancaster, PA

Training & Certification
Markit EDM (Enterprise Data Management) Certification
Netik training classes in ETL and Data Warehouse architecture
Cognos Corporation training in Reportnet and DecisionStream (IBM Cognos Data Manager)
Oracle Corporation training in Database Administration I
Cognos Corporation training for Impromptu, PowerPlay, Transformer, and PowerPlay Web
Other relevant classes, C programming, ASP.NET, SQL Server 7.0 Administration, and Visual Basic 6
Series 6 and 63
Contact this candidate