ADAM TINDALL, MBAC
Indianapolis, IN
317-***-**** ac2et2@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-tindall-89b02611/ INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGEMENT NETWORK ADMINISTRATION Security System Design Process Improvements
Solutions-orientated IT Manager with exemplary academic and professional qualifications in the development and deployment of technical solutions for large organizations. Known for strong understanding and experience in technology innovation, solution implementation, project management, and cyber security initiatives. Skilled in providing effective leadership in fast- paced, deadline driven environments. Proven ability to design and regulate critical security programs and campaigns with the in-depth operational supervision of incidents and emergency disaster recovery. Ability to collate and distribute reports that enable peers and executives to manage work seamlessly across the company and ensure targets are achieved. Outstanding presentation and communication skills, understanding business requirements to cross-collaborate and increase profits. SELECTED HIGHLIGHTS
Exemplary academic qualifications include near completion of a Master of Business Administration in IT Management
(Sept. 2017) and a Bachelor of Arts in Information Systems & Business Administration.
Strong six-year tenure with the Superior Oil Company as Operations IT Manager & Information Systems Analyst, leading teams in project management and implementation of complex solutions.
Directed and trained employees on ERP and CRM systems as system administrator, coaching to improve understanding of the systems and maximize adoption of complex technologies.
Served as IT Technician for four years at Anderson University, assessing a wide variety of hardware and software problems and creating plans of action for resolution.
Collaborated with management to identify strategic IT initiatives and facilitate the adoption of technology-based solutions. CORE COMPETENCIES
Networking Project Implementation Exchange Server
Lean/Agile Solution Architect Active Directory
System Maintenance Network Enhancement Troubleshooting
Linux Server Administration VMware Virtualization Deployment PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Superior Oil Company Indianapolis, IN 2011 - Present Operations IT Manager/Information Systems Analyst
Work with service providers to implement and develop a variety of software solutions, ensuring on time delivery that exceeds expectations. Handle all planning, development troubleshooting and implementation of warehouse integrations. Lead teams in project management and implementation.
Collaborated and advised the sales teams to solution a higher quality scoring structure, improving efficiency.
Project managed new software implementations that meet the needs of a variety of internal users.
Directed and trained employees on ERP and CRM systems as a system administrator, coaching to improve understanding of the systems and maximize adoption of complex technologies.
Performed Ubuntu and CentOS Web Server Administration (Terminal and GUI).
Developed and maintained the company website, such as landing pages, forms, and redirects.
Composed technical and solution design documents for customers, gathering and translating requirements into improved solutions that meet user needs.
Analyzed fleet data to create efficiencies through metrics and KPIs.
Established the scope of projects, business and technology analysis, development, and testing requirements throughout system development lifecycle.
Anderson University ITS Anderson, IN 2007 – 2011 IT Technician
Resolved computer issues for outside customers, faculty, and students, demonstrating the ability to assess a wide variety of hardware and software problems and create plans of action for resolution.
Advised students and faculty on appropriate hardware for their situations.
Debugged and troubleshot spyware, virus, and software issues.
Identified and repaired faulty hardware components.
Provided Tier 1 and 2 help desk troubleshooting assistance, using Track-IT software for ticket logging.
Delivered a high-level client support for computer and laptop end-users. ADAM TINDALL,MBAc, Résumé – Page 2-317-***-**** ac2et2@r.postjobfree.com Ricker Oil Company Anderson, IN 2010
IT Technician
Traveled to different locations to address and troubleshoot software and hardware related issues.
Setup, installed, and trained employees on new computers and systems.
Installed and configured security camera systems, and programmed credit card pin pads and POS systems. Tangram, Inc. Shelbyville, IN 2009
Direct Support Professional
Provided training and support for clients to gain personal independence and actively participate within the community.
Tailored learnings to match the skill level and ability of the client.
Developed lessons that engaged the clients and projects that helped them put their education into practice. Major Hospital Shelbyville, IN 2008
IT Technician
Handled troubleshooting for various technical and software issues Install various hardware and software components. Provide support to end users by phone and in person.
Improved stability and performance of system and networks.
Operated under time constraints and proficiency requirements to ensure rapid return of network equipment for reuse.
Built effective partnerships through developed communication plan and presentations.
Supported Corporate Strategies, network modernization projects and further integration projects by delivering project results and synergy cost savings.
EDUCATION
Western Governors University: Expected 2017
Master of Business Administration Candidate in IT Management Anderson University Anderson, IN
Bachelor of Arts in Information Systems & Business Administration ADDITIONAL CREDENTIALS
TECHNICAL SKILLS ANSI SQL Database design and development
Sales and customer database integrations
Programming (VB, .NET, SQL, Java, C#, PHP)
Site Security (Access, Security, Monitoring)
Operating Systems (Mac, PC, Linux, Netware)
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, SharePoint, Outlook, Visio)
Troubleshooting (POS, Telephony Systems, Security Systems)
Web Design (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, WordPress)
Remote Desktop Services (Servers, Application Collections)
Security (RSA SucurID, Sophos Antivirus)
Citrix (VPN and Application Servers)
Chempax ERP, Toshiba CTX/CIX Telephony
LANGUAGES English, Spanish
PROFESSIONAL
DEVELOPMENT
EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker CEH v8.0
OneNote 2013
VOLUNTEERISM Homeless Outreach & Awareness, Special Needs Support Program
Contact this candidate