AN DY D E PAGNIER
ac38xq@r.postjobfree.com ***** Park Green Drive
Fairfax, VA 22030
571-***-****
PR OFESSIONAL SU MMARY
Application Developer Systems Analyst Cloud Solutions Architect Applications developed for multiple sectors including: Government, Education, Finance, and Real Estate Experience with all phases of the development life-cycle Comfortable developing with a team or unassisted AWS Certified Solutions Architect & Developer
TE CHNOLOGIES
ASP.NET C# VB.NET HTML CSS AJAX
SQL Server Oracle MySQL SQL T-SQL PL/SQL Visual Studio SQL Server Management Studio
AWS EC2 RDS S3 Route 53 IAM VPC
PR OFESSIONAL EX PERIENCE
Dubai College/Al Diyafah High School Fairfax, VA (Remote) 2016 - Present Consultant:
● Designed and developed customized reporting software that allows schools to analyze academic data.
● Incorporated Value Added Tax (VAT) compliance features into an existing point of sale system.
● Created Development and Testing environments in AWS utilizing EC2, RDS, S3, and Route 53. Dubai College Dubai, UAE 2012 - 2016
Lead Application Developer:
● Increased front and back office productivity through the development of a customized point of sale application that was integrated with the existing accounting system.
● St reamlined the admissions process with a web based system that collects information and supporting documentation from applicants and provides monitoring and processing capabilities to members of the admissions office.
● Introduced an application that allows teachers to track and record the progress of students that have been identified as having special educational needs.
● Expanded the reporting capabilities of the existing learning management system by creating a customized reporting module.
● Improved expense tracking efficiency of the Print/Copying Services department by introducing an application that allowed staff to more easily allocate charges to responsible personnel.
● Optimized the process students use to select course electives giving administration the ability to adequately identify required resources for the following school year. SAIC McLean, VA 2008 - 2011
Business Systems Analyst:
● Developed, enhanced, and maintained NASA’s eBudget system. This system is comprised of several modules that include functionality for data entry, structure management, reporting, and document storage/workflow.
● Customized the module that aggregates data from the eBudget system and generates NASA’s annual budget request to Congress.
Independent Contractor Ft. Lauderdale, FL 2008 - 2008 Developer:
● Worked on a web-based application for mortgage quality assurance, resolving reported defects and implementing license protection features utilizing encrypted text files and HASP hardware keys. Independent Contractor Alexandria, VA 2007 - 2008
Developer:
● Designed, developed, and maintained the user interface and database for a website that generates real estate and mortgage leads by providing instant market value estimates of residential properties.
● Created pay-per-click marketing campaigns on major search engines to drive traffic to real estate and mortgage lead generation sites.
OlympiaWest Mortgage Group Vienna, VA 2004 - 2007
Web Applications Developer:
● Designed, developed, and maintained web-based tools that automate the pricing and marketing of mortgage related services. Applications included modules that import and process daily interest rate and underwriting data from national mortgage lenders and residential home sale information from regional Multiple Listing Services.
BearingPoint Consulting McLean, VA 2001 - 2004
Senior Systems Analyst:
● Worked on a team of developers that designed, developed, enhanced, and maintained NASA’s online budgeting system.
● Assisted in the training of the system’s end users. KPMG, LLP/KPMG Consulting McLean, VA 1998 - 2001
Systems Analyst:
● Enhanced and maintained the firm’s proprietary Enterprise Resource Planning system which was used by State and Local government agencies.
RHI Consulting Arlington, VA 1997 - 1998
Application Developer:
● Assisted in the development of a client-server application used by the Environmental Protection Agency to manage the agency’s Superfund.
Synectics Corporation Fairfax, VA 1996 - 1997
Programmer/System Administrator:
● Performed system system administration duties on a worldwide enterprise network as a contractor for the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Intergraph Services Company Reston, VA 1995 - 1996 Software Maintainer:
● Fixed identified defects in software as a contractor for the Defense Mapping Agency. ED UCATION
Computer Learning Center Alexandria, VA 1994 - 1995 University of Maryland College Park, MD 1991 - 1993 CE RTIFICATIONS
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Certified Solutions Architect - Associate http://aws.amazon.com/verification
Validation Number: 6 417KZQC2NR11F38
November 2017
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Certified Developer - Associate http://aws.amazon.com/verification
Validation Number: M L1X7TT11NVEQM3F
December 2017
Contact this candidate