Ryan P. Freitas
** ******** ****
Rochester, NY *4609
585-***-****
ac50wn@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE To obtain a full-time position in a technical or related field architecting and implementing data, web and business intelligence solutions.
EDUCATION
Rochester Institute of Technology – B.S.
Location:
Graduated:
GPA:
Rochester, NY
Summer 2015
3.90 / 4.00
Major:
Minor:
Management Information Systems - AACSB
Economics
Monroe Community College – A.S. Location:
Graduated:
GPA:
Rochester, NY
Fall 2014
3.60 / 4.00
Major:
Focus:
Business Administration
Economics
SKILLS
Applications
MS Visual Studio
SQL Data Tools / OBIEE / SSAS
SSMS / Oracle / PostgreSQL / MySQL /
MongoDB
Tableau / Power BI / Sisense / miVedix
Alteryx
ER Studio
JIRA / TFS
Microsoft Office
Languages
SQL / PL/SQL / MDX
C# / Python
JavaScript / JQuery
R
Frameworks
.NET
AngularJS
D3.JS
Bootstrap
CLIENTS
Shell Oil: Architected and developed business intelligence applications designed to achieve global supplier bid analysis, supplier productivity and performance, and supplier relationship management use-cases. Managed the relationship from proof-of-concept, requirements, implementation, end-user training, to support. Developed ETL and an Enterprise Data Warehouses that pulled data from multiple sources. Worked with remote teams in India, EMEA, and the Middle East to achieve ambitious deadlines and deliverables.
Gathered requirements, drafted functional and product specification documents, and architected EDI forms to automate global supplier input of project hours and cost for their high/low value engineering centers. Chemonics: Architected and developed Enterprise Data Warehouse for storing inventory supply and distribution data of HIV, Malaria, and Family Planning drugs and commodities in Nigeria. Data is sourced from Microsoft Dynamics NAV, daily reports from 6 third party logistics providers across 13 regional warehouses, and physical stock data from 26 different facilities. Dashboards were created to monitor daily inventory status, commodity expiration, warehouse capacity, and insurance value. Notifications were created to notify end-users of stock outs, insurance ceiling threshold, and missing inventory data.
Architected and developed a Data Mart for monitoring total turnaround time of patient blood sample to result for HIV testing from over 250 testing labs and facilities in Nigeria. Contributed to the development of the data capture program initiated by Chemonics to train third party logistic providers that transfer samples between testing labs and facilities. United States Anesthesia Partners (USAP): Developed Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) bluesheet, an enterprise web application used by anesthesiologist in the field to digitalize the data capture of post anesthesiology questionnaires, patient symptoms, and PQRS measures while providing an internal audit system of post anesthesiology patient screening compliance. Pulled patient records from the EMR and programmed the front-end client application with a user- interface designed around reactive logic based off a patient’s personal health information. British Petroleum (BP): Architected and developed a business intelligence use-case around Earned Value Management
(EVM) that tracked earned value across portfolios of medium sized capital projects taking place within the Chicago BP Whiting refinery. Developed an EVM data mart sourcing data from Primavera P6 and an in-house legacy system COINS. Trained portfolio and project managers to use the dashboards, gathered feedback, and implemented revisions. Med-Link Services: Developed a business intelligence application designed around the use-case of remote patient care in Switzerland. Dashboards provided analytical insight into how much time nurses are spending with patients, patient activity duration, and time spent between remote patient visits. QuadraMed: Developed a business intelligence application that pulled data from QuadraMed’s Acuity+ staffing database system. The use-case was targeted to executive and nurse managers to provide data driven monitoring of hospital patient census, patient length-of-stay, and nurse workload. The application delivered insight into staff utilization and resource planning.
EXPERIENCE
Solutions Architect Rochester, New York 5/2015 – PRESENT iVedix
• Became a miVedix product expert by participating in every layer of the miVedix technology stack including: metadata database, web services, and the front-end client application. Engaged in product testing, drafting feature specification documents, product implementation, and represented the product throughout customer engagements.
• Technical lead responsible for delivering successful proof-of-concepts, pilots, and projects.
• Lead and participated in Data Mart design, data cleansing, ETL, and analytics dashboard creation activities.
• Delivered business intelligence and workflow applications using the miVedix product and framework within the iVedix cloud and existing customer environments while adhering to best practices in architecture and security standards.
• Gathered customer data, product, and use-case requirements by closely interacting with stakeholders and end-users.
• Provided end-user product support including product troubleshooting and bug resolution, feature enhancement requests, and product environment support.
• Gained valuable industry subject matter expertise in Oil/Gas, Logistics, Manufacturing, and Health Care industries. Systems Analyst co-op Rochester, New York 5/2014 – 12/2014 Rochester Regional Health System
• Actively engaged in analysis, design, and development projects using skills such as SQL, C#, VB, SSIS, SSRS, and MS Visio.
• Managed, maintained, and resolved on-call issues for FormFast and CareConnect applications belonging to EMR system and ADP self-service paystubs system.
• Automated file transmissions through the DMZ network for various departments and systems.
• Adhered to a strict SDLC which included thorough planning, testing, and code reviews.
• Created detailed medical forms with patient and care provider demographic and visit data merges that are printed on demand across nine different branches of RRHS and wrote training documentation detailing the procedure.
Contact this candidate