Pieter Viljoen
Marshfield, MO *****
ac992o@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/pieter-viljoen-a343a626/

ECOMMERCE LEADERSHIP
eCommerce Solutions Architect, Solution Design, Software Systems Development and Project Management Experience specializing in Enterprise commerce solution design as well as small store eCommerce design, solution Integration and dropship vendor solution design. Proficient in the Rational and WebSphere development toolset. Conversant and as well as hands-on in the engineering tools as well as the integration and development tools for WebSphere, Strong analytical skills and well as toolset experience in code evaluations, performance and static analysis of the engineered systems. Strong skills in the design, implementation and maintenance of WebSphere systems. Ability to lead teams which consistently meet and exceeds goals and delivers short and long-term results.

CORE COMPETENCIES AND EXPERTISE
eCommerce Design, Planning and Implementation
BPM Business Process Management
SOA Business Development
Business Systems Strategy R&D
Revenue and Profit Growth
Relationship Management
International Business
Start-Up Operations
Process Improvement
Internet/Intranet Web Technology

TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE
Cloud Commerce commerceTools, iSphere Commerce, Node-Red
Enterprise Software: WebSphere Digital Commerce V9, WebSphere Application Server, WebSphere Business Integration (WBI).
Enterprise Commerce Systems: Websphere, ATG, Hybris, Magento
Digital / Social Commerce: Shopify, Dropified, ClickFunnels, Aliexpress, Wish, Wordpress. WooCommerce, Selocity, Magento
Development Tools: Rational Architect, WebSphere Integration Developer, Profit Builder
Architecture: UML, RUP, SOA, SGMM. SIMM, SCA, BPM, Micro services, Web Services
Architecture Tools: Rational Business modeler, Rational Method Composer, Rational Software Architect
Technologies: REST, JSON, MQTT, BPM, SOA, OOA, OOD, SQLJ, WAP, WSDL
Databases: DB2, IMS, Dbase, MSSQL Server, Oracle, MySQL
OS Platforms: Windows, Linux, Sun Solaris, AS400, MVS

EDUCATION Master of Business Administration, eBusiness Online Degree
University of Phoenix (Currently pursuing)
Bachelor of Arts, Higher Education. Math, Science
Durban Teachers Training College South Africa
Rational University (Online)
SOA and Rational product set - All courses completed successfully

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

BPM Services LLC., January 2010 - Current
Enterprise Solutions Architect [eCommerce]

The Cottage Farm Store.com 2017 – 2019
Principal Solutions Architect, Lead Designer
Digital Ecommerce Innovation and Thought leadership. eCommerce IoT Integration (Integration of Social Commerce IoT and Enterprise Commerce)
Digital / Social Commerce Design and Implementation.
Supply Chain Integration.
Payment integration.
Workflow Design and Implementation.
Product Page Design and Marketing.
Social Integration and Marketing.
Digital marketing, Design, Integration and Implementation.
Optimized process to load 600+ ads in less than two hours.
Used Rest API’s to Integrate Supplier Economies with Demand Economies

Snr Solutions 2016 – 2018
Accenture Consultant – Commerce Architect
Ecommerce Innovation and Thought leadership.
Autonomous vehicles and the impact on the transport industry.
Drones and the integration to clouds, ecommerce and the disruptions on the Transport industry.
IoT as it pertains to Bluemix, Azure, Google and Amazon.
Commerce on the cloud and how to integrate into legacy commerce systems.
Lightweight architectures and the extension of legacy systems to the cloud using REST, MQTT, Docker Containers, Python, JSON, and other Java scripting paradigms.
Built skills on IBM’s new Digital Commerce V9, release planned for Nov 2017.
Utilized IBM Bluemix and Digital Commerce V9 (commerce in the cloud) based on Hybrid model.
HP 2017
Accenture Consultant – Commerce project
Helped solve Data load issues
Analyzed and provided roadmap to successfully load data into new Commerce implementation.
Follet 2017
Accenture Consultant – Commerce in the cloud
Designed and analyzed integration points for new “Commerce in the cloud” implementation into existing legacy systems. WebSphere Digital Commerce V9.

BPM Services Inc. Marshfield, MO 2015 – 2016
Digital Marketing Entrepreneur – eCommerce
Made the move from eCommerce Selling to eCommerce marketing
Relationship building process between blogger and customer
Influenced structure to move a reader to a buyer or participant
Integrated supply chain via drop-shipping and warehouse management

Avnet Inc. Phoenix, AZ 2014 – 2015
Senior IT Manager – eCommerce
Responsible for the taking the current website Avnet Express globally and providing an International Global strategy for Avnet Online Sales. Fully global Enterprise website with global hub and extended BPM. Managed Global teams across 3 continents
Delivered website, on time and within budget.
Implemented, WCM, ODM and SOLR in this project with full integration between tools.
Stood in and performed as the Director eCommerce for the last 8 Months.

Principal eCommerce Consultant – Design Lead and Architecture
PETCO Animal Supplies, Inc. 2013 – 2014
Analyzed and evaluated the current implementation of the eCommerce implementation project.
Made a responsible recommendation on the health of the project and provide GoTo plans on how to bring project back into the roadmap of success.

Target.com 2011 – 2011
BPM Services LLC
Performed analysis of the Target.com website to provide a code review on the implemented code.
Used the Rational toolset as well as other static analysis tools to provide round-tripping from implemented code to Architectural Models.
Successfully delivered report as well as a roadmap on how to improve the code, site performance as well as code performance.

JEGs.com 2011 – 2011
Performed analysis of the JEGs.com website to fully understand the performance issues for the website.
Evaluated and recommended improvement for coding practices and performance issues.
Implemented an SEO practice improvement to establish a roadmap for improvement.

Sigma-Aldridge 2011 – 2011
Team Lead – evaluated, recommended and established their BPM Governance practice.
Started with WebSphere Business modular and moved over to WebSphere Lombardi.
Evaluated, and recommended improvements for the current status-quo, for the migration of the enterprise architecture, from WC V6 to WC v7.
Lead the team the provided the data migration task to V7 as well as creating prototypes.

Harley-Davidson.com, Coach.com via Ascendant Atech 2010 – 2010
WebSphere Commerce Solutions Architect within the eCommerce practice of Atech.
Worked on projects for Harley-Davidson.com and Coach.com establishing and mitigating risks, system design and performance analysis, Code Audit and improvement practices.

Lowes.com, 2010 – 2010
WCS Enterprise Commerce Architect responsible for optimization the commerce database, enabling and optimizing caching configuration.
Mentored programmers, developers and other architects, responsible for design review and best practice implementation for the WebSphere Commerce V6 system.
Enterprise System optimization and performance tuning.

IPTV Project in Johannesburg, South Africa, 2009 – 2009
JavaFX migration
Designed and created prototype for IPTV industry based on new javaFX technologies for the IPTV market. This technology is the new implementation for RIA technologies on STB as well as mobile phones, PCs and integrated TV platforms.
Investigated and delivered a migration of a Dos based VB POS system to Java for the liquor industry.

IBM Johannesburg, South Africa 2008 – 2009
Senior Architect
Lead Architect (SWITA) for South Africa SSL on SOA technologies.
Received multiple letters of congratulations from IBM Exec's on the success of the labs.
Set up a major BPM Technical deep-dive for the CEMEEA region of IBM to train all the technical experts on the procedures and methodologies of implementing BPM.
Lead the design of and successfully completed, the prototype for the Nigerian Insurance Commission (NIACOM). This project was designed to assist in minimizing the fraud in the industry as well as improving the cooperation between NIACOM and the Insurance companies.

IBM Johannesburg, South Africa 2007 – 2008
Systems Engineer
Contact this candidate