Patrick Higgins
acovvf@r.postjobfree.com 224-***-****. Chicago, Ill
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/patrick-higgins/1/2b6/348

Summary

14+ years of experience on the technical side of software sales, with many
years of prior development experience.
Exemplary problem solving skills, tenacious in pursuit to resolve problems
and pay attention to detail.
An effective and strong communicator in working with clients/people in a
wide variety of roles, ranging from IT staff to engineers, business
management and C-level executives.
Focused on identifying and providing business value to customers and
prospects.
A team player who consistently contributes to solutions utilizing hard
work, research and analysis of given alternatives.
Flourishes in an environment that requires creative, analytical, and
organizational skills.
Ability to blend both technical and presentation skills to promote
products/services that can solve targeted customer business problems.
High energy, confident professional with an infectious enthusiasm for
technology.

TECHNICAL SKILLS (Representative Sample)
SQL, PL/SQL, Java, Oracle SQL *Plus, Perl, COBOL, PL/1, FORTRAN,
BASIC, SAS, FOCUS, WebDB, JDeveloper, SQL Server, UNIX/Linux scripting,
Windows scripting, Cognos Impromptu and PowerPlay, Crystal Reports, OBIEE,
SYNCSORT, File-AID, Abend-AID, CICS, IMS, dBase, Micro-Rim, Lotus,
Dataflex, Walker A/P, Isoform, SDM, Method 1, MVS-XA, JES-2, JES-3, OS,
DOS, SPSS, NOS, XPF-COBOL, Intertest, Filesave, Verify, INFOPAC, Project
Manager Workbench, WordPerfect and IBM-OGL. Oracle Designer, Oracle
Developer, Systems Engineer (LBMS), Architect and Information Engineering
Methodology (James Martin & Co.), System Architect, STP, POSE

Professional Experience

Senior Solutions Architect
ORSYP Software (2011-2014)
AppWorx Corporation / UC4 Software (2000-2011)

Pre-sales Systems Engineer supporting advanced job scheduling and capacity
management software.
Systems Engineer of year four times in eleven years (AppWorx/UC4), based on
supporting highest sales totals for US/Americas during those years.
Primarily responsible for supporting several US and Canadian account
managers, providing demonstrations, Proof Of Concepts (POCs) software
installations, customer training, and other technical aspects of sales and
implementation cycles. Targeted accounts entailed both green-field
opportunities and migrations, including conversion from competitor's
product.
While developing and delivering presentations, comfortable with all
audiences ranging from technical staff (system administrators and
operations analysts) through senior managers and C-level executives.
Designed ROI tools and more business-oriented presentation templates (to
move away from feature-function debates) to focus on prospect's problems
and potential solutions. One of the ROI tools has been installed on the
corporate website for use by prospective customers.

Patrick Higgins
acovvf@r.postjobfree.com 224-***-****. Chicago, Ill
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/patrick-higgins/1/2b6/348

ORSYP and AppWorx/UC4 (Continued)
Led use of 'Perfect 5 Minute Demo' approach, to focus on quickly
illustrating value to prospects, rather than at the end of a lengthy
presentation. Developed multiple playbooks and options to be used in '5
Minute' approach.
Refined documentation and marketing materials for language appropriate to
American English market to address Austrian and French supplied materials
using uncommon phrasing and vocabulary.
Participated as 'stakeholder' in multiple Agile development projects,
primarily focused on representing needs and options of customers.
Wrote internal papers and reviewed potential for continued/expanded market
opportunities utilizing products such as Oracle E-Business, PeopleSoft,
Banner HigherEd, and Microsoft Dynamics. Performed analysis of current
market size, competition strengths/weaknesses, probable changes, and
initial level of effort estimates to provide market leading solutions.
Assisted other SEs and support staff with Oracle E-Business, PeopleSoft,
and Banner issues.
Developed customized extensions of company products for specific sales or
consulting opportunities.
Developed bidirectional interface with HP's automated testing suite using
Web Services and Perl.
Prepared RFI/RFP responses, wrote and delivered technical presentations at
conferences, tradeshows and webinars.
Consulted with existing customers in problem situations (on-site and
remote).
Supported key accounts with technical advice and training.
Worked with organizations ranging from small companies and community
colleges to Fortune 1000 firms.
ORSYP products supported: Dollar Universe, Sysload, and Unijob.
AppWorx/UC4 products supported: AppWorx/Applications Manager, InSight, and
Global/Operations Manager.

Technical Alliance Account Manager
Oracle Corporation (1996-2000)

Technical Alliance Account Manager
Provided technical assistance and consulting to Oracle business partners.
Worked as part of virtual team to support 5-15 middle-tier Alliance
partners.
Primary responsibilities focused on increasing partner understanding and
use of Oracle product stack. For most relationships, was primary 'live'
contact for partner at Oracle.
Assisted partners in participating in a range of Oracle beta programs and
in bringing new product versions to market in timely fashion, including:
Development and delivery of Oracle product training.
Escalation of technical issues through Oracle Support and Development.
Troubleshooting and negotiations with Oracle Direct sales teams.
Partner database and application reviews, tuning and benchmarking.
Primary Alliances participant in Oracle task force for Y2K readiness,
representing concerns of partner community to Oracle Development, support
and management.

Patrick Higgins
acovvf@r.postjobfree.com 224-***-****. Chicago, Ill
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/patrick-higgins/1/2b6/348

Systems Analyst / Project Lead / Data Architect
UOP (1990-1996)

Participated in development of new project Accounting and Billing systems,
handled over $150 million annually in project billings.
Participated in development of new project Accounting and Billing systems,
handled over $150 million annually in project billings.
Supervised team of developers supporting several of financial information
systems, management responsibility for group including salary review and
performance evaluations.
Inherited staff with significant performance issues, led group through
process of creating detailed action plans to address managements concerns
and was successful in assisting individuals in correcting performance
problems.
Key team member evaluating impact of year 2000 on legacy (mainframe)
systems.
Developed application inventory to collect and hold information on each of
legacy systems.
Designed estimating model for conversion costs, used by business managers
in making informed decisions (change vs replacement) for each system.
Designed/implemented DataMart for sales and cost information, including use
of Oracle7 on UNIX in client server environment with Windows based decision
support tools, rolled out to pilot group of 20 management users and
subsequently supporting 500+ users at multiple sites.
Participated in development of corporate data model, done using Information
Engineering Methodology (James Martin & Co) and included selection of data
repository environment and definition of data administration organization
needed in this firm (3 separate major development groups across multiple
independent operating environments).
Participated in projects to incorporate other sites into corporate
financial systems.
Team leader in Total Quality process.
Taught in-house classes on use of Cognos, SQL*Plus and other software
packages used by development staff.

Education

University of Washington, M.B.A., Operations Research
University of Illinois (Urbana), B.S., Psychology and Political Science
Additional: Oracle Master (DBA track), Oracle(7-8-8I, various products),
Java, DB2, VSAM, Project Management, Management Development, Total Quality.

Technical Certifications: OCP (O7 DBA, O8 DBA, O8i DBA), ITIL Level 1.
Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, Java, COBOL, PL/1, FORTRAN, BASIC, SAS, FOCUS, Perl

Outside Activities
Parent (2 children), rugby referee(C-3), skiing, golf.
Contact this candidate