KENNETH D. ISLAND 703-***-****
**** ********* ******* ****** acq93f@r.postjobfree.com
Lorton, Virginia 22079 Kenneth Island via LinkedIn
SUMMARY:

A distinguished Sr. Solutions Architect with substantial experience in a diverse range of complex business problems involving large-scale Big-Data software applications and video Security and Surveillance analytics. Extensive experience supporting DoD, Federal, Civilian Governments, and Commercial verticals. Solid management and people skills, capable of leading and motivating individuals to maximize levels of productivity while forming cohesive team environments. Remarkable ability to communicate information and ideas while speaking so others will understand. Key Technical Expertise:

Big-Data Industry Solutions including data, cloud based, and video analytics computing
Web Applications, Networking, and Audit Security
Software and Hardware Engineering
Business Process Management (BPM)
Client Server Technology
Digital Media and Forensics Asset Management for legal proceedings
Biometrics-Facial Recognition Analytics applications

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

HEWLETT PACKARD HERNDON, VIRGINIA. Sr. Solutions Architect III. 2012 – 2015.
Provide engineering support for both Federal and Commercial accounts in the HP-HAVEn Big-Data platform group. Experience in design, reviewing, implementing, and optimizing data, databases, and video content for the enterprise to deliver actionable intelligence to HP customers.

Integrated a large Data Warehouse for one of the largest Intelligence Agency data collectors
Streamlined aggregate data sets into a cloud-based platform using massive amounts of both structured and unstructured content
Consolidated and coordinated a multi-vendor solution for the largest city Law Enforcement Agency in Florida
Launched Hewlett Packard’s First complete Red-Light Infraction running system

Formulated and developed a Big-Data analytics platform for processing customer viewing preference and social media customers using the HP-HAVEn platform
Restructured a complete architecture and design of a video security & surveillance solution for one of the nation’s largest law enforcement agencies including storage, retrieval of criminal images, intelligence, and the execution of predictive and prescriptive analytics

AUTONOMY AN HP COMPANY FALLS CHURCH, VIRGINIA. Sr. Solutions Architect. 2009 – 2012.
Provided engineering support for both Federal and Commercial Account Executives. Initiated Technology operations within professional services and product proof of concepts. Oversee direct solution end-to-end deliverables throughout the DoD and Intelligence communities as well as Commercial markets.

Provided architecture design and workflow in pre and post-sales support performing instrumental roles in product direction
Streamlined aggregate data sets into a cloud-based platform using massive amounts of both structured and unstructured content
Maintained and conducted high-end customer proof of concepts PoC’s, and assisted with customer design and implementations

Instituted previously nonexistent project management guidelines within the Federal Governments to improve Pan-Enterprise search platforms and automated the retrieval, processing globally for textual, Electronic Discovery, Information Management, and Rich Media
Conducted very high-level meetings using strong communication skills demonstrating complex product solutions and customized scenarios using multiple software applications
VERITY AN HP COMPANY FALLS CHURCH, VIRGINIA. Sr. Solutions Architect. 2005 – 2009.
Provided technical support for the Federal Sales Account Executives. Responsibilities include conceptualizing in depth enterprise implementation of various modules of the Verity K-2, Ultra Seek, and Video software applications that search data, identify and extract information in text, video and audio in unstructured and structured formats.

Performed proof of concepts in stage evaluations from beginning customer specification to enterprise production deployments
Maintained and tested different product source codes using scripting and programming paradigms in C/C++, Java, JavaScript, Perl, ASP, HTML, DHTML, XML, PHP, COM Objects, and CGI

Provided version updates and software upgrades to existing government accounts
Conducted very high-level meetings using strong communication skills providing complex product demonstrations and customized scenarios using multiple software applications
EDUCATION /TRAINING:

Public Affairs
University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM

Information Systems Management
Program Management, Columbia University

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT COURSES AND CERTIFICATIONS:

HP-Big-Data training, Hadoop, and SQL training
Hewlett Packard Management for Individuals Course
Security Management & Technology (M & T Course) 2015
Course in Data Warehouse and Architecture training
Certified Architect Security and Surveillance software essentials HP-Autonomy, Inc.
Certificate of Project Management, American Graduate University
Certificate of Completion (Computer Learning Center) Program Engineering
Certification of Business Process Improvement Applications Architecture Design and Project Leadership course
Graduate, Advanced Computer Commissioned Officer Course

HONORS, AWARDS, ADDITIONAL CREDENTIALS:

Bronze Star Recipient U.S. Army. Heroic and Meritorious Achievement of Services
Four Army Good Conduct Medals
Interallied Joint Service Medal
DoD Meritorious Medal
Kuwaiti Liberation Medal
Southwest Asia Service Medal W/2 Bronze Service Stars
National Defense Service Medal
Graduation Diploma U.S. Armed Forces EEO Course
Multiple Letters of Commendation
Computer Systems and Design (at Graduate Level) Completion Award
Contact this candidate