Solutions Architect
MAX CHERNYSHOV
Phone: 215-***-**** Email: aculni@r.postjobfree.com
Website: www.webintellics.com
Address: Princeton, NJ 08540

Objective
I am a full-stack engineer whose passion lies in building great products while enabling others to perform their roles more effectively. Background in full automation solutions encompassing all aspects of a project‘s life cycle, including data gathering, architecture, design, development and documentation. Very good understanding of application analysis and design concepts. Strong ability to apply proven design patterns to the system design and employ agile principles to deliver projects on time and on budget. Over 20 years of experience in Object-Oriented design and programming in C++ and C#. Great problem solving and analytical skills. Intensive implementation experience in data warehousing, data exchange and system integration, using MS SQL Server, Oracle and Big Data. Successfully architected, implemented and deployed multiple cloud solutions for Azure, AWS and Rackspace platforms.
Skills
Cloud
Windows Azure, Amazon AWS,
Rackspace

Databases
SQL Server Oracle, Sybase, MySql

Big Data
Hadoop, EMR, Hive
Programming
C, C++ (STL, MFC, COM+), C# (ADO.NET, Linq-To-Sql, ASP.NET, Remoting, WS, WCF, WPF, WWF, Silverlight) Java (J2EE, JMS, JCA, RMI, CORBA, JNDI, MVC, JBoss, Spring, Hibernate), SQL, UML, Shell, Perl, Python, awk, JavaScript. Donecblanditfeugiat

System Integration
Biztalk, WebMethods, Tibco,
SSIS, Talend

SOA
WSE, UDDI, SOAP, WSDL, XML, XSLT
Work Experience
.NET SOLUTION ARCHITECT - GRANT THORNTON – Feb 14 - Jan 16
Family tree repository

Designed and deployed Azure based cloud solution for the Change Management System. Defined data integration infrastructure between on premises systems and cloud application using Azure blob storage as data interexchange. Designed report processing module with report delivery using Azure blob storage.

.NET SOLUTION ARCHITECT - Crane.com - Jan 12 - Feb 14
Crane.com
Redesigned Commerce Server and SharePoint based ecommerce solution to Asp.Net MVC with BizTalk order processing. Designed continuous deployment of the application to Windows Azure. Implemented product catalog and stock management based on SharePoint and BizTalk. Designed BI solution for sales and customer trends analysis based on SSAS and SSRS.

Factotum
Designed synchronization business layer between various EMR legacy systems and AWS EC2 cloud instance. Aggregated data is exposed as a SAAS façade and synchronized to the iPad application. The synchronization messaging layer is utilizing HL7 xml specification.
Optimized performance and scalability of the application to process heavy load of medical records and efficiently deliver optimized JSON stream to the mobile application. Business layer is combination of windows and wcf services implemented in .Net with SQL Server 2008 backend. The mobile application is implemented in Object C and provides offline record management capabilities.

SOLUTION ARCHITECT – UBS - Jan 11 to Feb 12
Designed cloud based Inventory Management System to manage hardware and software inventory across all departments in UBS. Asp.Net MVC frontend and SQL Server 2008 R2 for data storage. Integrated distributed workflow between UK and US operations. Application is deployed to Windows Azure Cloud. Optimized report processing infrastructure to deliver reports using Azure blob storage.
SOLUTION ARCHITECT – Razorfish (Microsoft/Publicis) - Mar 09 to Jan 11
Architected and led team of developers designing feed management platform based on Biztalk Server 2009 cluster. Highly scalable solution allows efficiently retrieve, process and deliver shopping feeds with hundreds of thousands products to the search shopping engines. Frontend is ASP.NET and SQL 2008 SSRS integrated into SharePoint, middle tier run on the Biztalk 2009 message broker and backend is SQL Server 2008.
Rank Source
Redesigned existing internet scraping application to became highly scalable and distributed across internet nodes. Led effort of transforming existing Service Bus architecture to Cloud based. Analysed and benchmarked competitive designs against Windows Azure and Amazon EC2 implementations. Improved overall system stability and manageability to be able produce 24x7 results as well as instant ad-hoc scans. Optimized BI performance transforming existing data warehouse to OLAP SSAS based reporting.
Atlas
Delivered big data processing solutions for several clients. Configured hadoop clusters, defined EMR queries for the click data processing and correlating with the custom client data sources. Created ETL packages for data pre and post processing based on SSIS and Talend.
SOLUTION ARCHITECT – Associated Press - May 06 to Mar 09
Hosted Platform
Architected and led distributed team of developers for the AP Hosted platform. The platform allows customers to design their sites and incorporate extensive AP content into the pages. AP hosts thousands sites for newspapers with custom branding and content provided by AP. The application integrates data from multiple data sources (AP, Morningstar, SunGard) is a management façade for internal services and SQL Server database.
APQL
Led the news query language implementation (APQL) to deliver news search results over unstructured data sources powered by Autonomy search engine. Migrated Autonomy infrastructure to the MS Fast servers cluster.
Education
M.S. in Information Technology
●- Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace Instrumentation- Saint-Petersburg -1988-1994
Contact this candidate