I’m only looking for C*C@Net-** contract engagements in Maryland and Washington DC. Although, if the right Full-time position came along, I’d consider that too.

Engagements outside Maryland and Washington must be 100% remote (e.g., no travel at all).

SUMMARY

40 years of experience and continuous certification in IT, providing best practices in Enterprise Full Life Cycle, Security Architecture and Technical Business Development, while managing up to 50 direct reports. My technical passions are: DevOps, Deep Machine Learning, Multi-Parallel Big Data and Natural Language Processing. My language passions are: Javascript, Scala, Ruby and Python used within Chef or Puppet implementations on Cloud Platforms.

EXPERIENCE

Sr. Cloud DevOps, Data & Security Solutions Architect - U.S. Dept of Labor - Employment and Training Administration (DOLETA) - Jan 2015 to Present.

Installed and configured Hortonworks Ambari, Avro, Kafka, Flume, Storm, HDFS and Hadoop services on DOL - AWS - EC2 – Windows Compute Instances.

Designed, developed, penetration tested and implemented Tez-DAGs, Pig, Yarn and Oozi-sqoop workflow data-loads and ETL into HDFS, Hbase and Hive within EC2-Window Instances.

Developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Yarn job scheduling and cluster resource management configurations, on DOL 9130 Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) - Apprentice and Intern program data from AWS S3 Buckets.

Constructed and penetration tested Production EC2 Container Service Stacks, as well as installed, managed and designed DOL - Docker Containers onto AWS-GovCloud.

Coordinated monitoring of AWS Mgt Console, Ambari, HUE and Zookeeper performance metric levels. As well as modified configurations to optimize MapReduce Jobs and Tasks using recommended High Availability (HA) tactics and strategies.

Assigned and configured Knox Security Gateway stateless reverse proxy clusters instances for EC2-Window Instances in coordination with IAM Security Group configurations.

Implemented and configured S3 and Glacier archive cloud storage via AWS Storage Gateway
from East, West and GovCloud - DOL availability zone sites.

Defined, developed and analyzed ACL and RBAC Ranger implementations using AWS-IAM & Directory A-D Services, for DOL Standards Builder Project.

Designed, developed, configured and implemented DOL - Kafka Security Notification Escalation Messaging System. Which notifies proper personnel in response to Security Incidents received from Storm Log Monitoring?

Managed and deployed DOL GovCloud secure web applications using: AWS Elastic Beanstalk.

Designed, analyzed and implemented BLS - Redshift Petabyte Data Warehouse Service with Spark and MLib analytics.

Designed, analyzed requirements, developed and coded Vaadin Ver7.7.3 CRUD to track AWS Inspector and Config Explorer findings for NIST-800-53 Security Control Compliance.

Designed, developed, configured, penetration tested and implemented rapid text search Solr - DOL - HDFS Standards Builder, Documents and RAPIDS Accumulo Data.

Performed Scala Spark Markov Chain Analysis on Apprentice-Intern and Job-Core Pattern Data, using MLib and Mahout isolated pattern features.

Designed, developed, coded and penetration tested customized DOL-AWS GovCloud Node.js Security Monitoring of VPC Zones using AWS – Lambda to load customized Spark-Scala GraphX Application.

Integrated AWS-RDS MySQL, Oracle and Aurora DBs to AWS-Hive EMR using DynamoDB with direct connect VPC-to-VPC. As well as coordinated OIM/OAM-Child federated to AWS-IAM-Master. Provided Master and Child User Entity Roles/Privs from the AWS-IAM-Master.

Designed, developed, configured and tuned both Mahout and AWS Machine Learning Models from Scala Spark Markov Chain Analysis Data.

Configured and implemented DOLETA.gov’s Microsoft Azure Cloud Active Directory Connector to AWS Directory Service to coordinate SSO Authentication.

Configured and implemented DOLETA.gov’s Microsoft Azure Multi-Factor Authentication HSPD-12 PIV-Card.

Designed, developed, configured and implemented DOLETA.gov’s Microsoft DocumentDB ETL, using Azure Data Factory.

Installed, configured ElasticSearch, Logstash and Kibana, to AWS-EC2 with Found-Clusters and Shield-Encryption and Watcher Agents, to interface with AWS-Machine-Learning Security Policy Services.

Designed, developed coded and penetration tested, with Elastic-Marvel-Sense, Filter-Analyzers, with aggregators of DOLETA-Apprentice, Standards-Builder and 9130 Job Education Machine Learning System Summary Data.

Utilized Jenkins and Hudson for continuous integration and continuous development of DEV, Test, UAT and Prod applications.

Utilized Docker, AWS-AMI Volume Snaps and Python VirtualEnvs in conjunction with Chef Cookbook RunLists I created, move and reinstall as well as periodic updates. Which utilized LWRP-HWRP DSL.

Loaded via Elastic-Cache: DOLETA-noSQL Grants Program Document Data, to AWS-DynamoDB, for AWS-EMR Grant Fulfillment Analysis.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Ruby on Rails code to load Kinesis - DOLETA Log Tracking and Tagging. Which provides continual stream data, for the AWS-Machine-Learning Pattern and Features - Log Security Monitoring.

Configured and tuned AWS Machine Learning Pattern and Feature Identification of Job Trends Analysis, to provide DOLETA Business Analyst Group, 1, 5 and 10 year recommendations and predictions.

Configured and tuned AWS Cloud Search to establish research data for DOLETA Business Analysis Group.

Converted continual streaming eDRVS-CSV data to JSON format, using AWS EMR Cast/Convert Ruby Code.

Configured, penetration tested and implemented AWS-VPC & VPN for Government Clients. As well as initialized and connected log end-points for NIST SP 800-92 Log Management Requirements.

Designed, developed, coded and penetration tested Eclipse - AWS-SDK-Java Toolkits, to build Glacier, Elastic Block Storage (EBS), to ETL to deep-store EMR Job/Task DOLETA - Summary Result Data as well as Snap Images.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented AWS SDK for Ruby Quick View DOLETA Web Services on EC2 and S3, to provide API Clients, Resource Interfaces, Auto Scaling, CloudFormation, CloudFront, CloudSearch, Cognito, Device Farm, EC2 Log Monitoring Interfaces, S3 - Kinesis, and Machine Learning Clients. As well as SES, SNS, SQS, SSM, STS and SWF clients.

Established and maintained AWS GovCloud with additional services: CloudSearch, Kinesis and Machine Learning. As well as designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Ruby Client Interfaces for these services.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented AWS-DevOps Stack to implement AWS-Hunk and RDS-Migration Toolkit, to monitor and provide governance, risk and compliance tracking.

Provided Data Modeling using Toad Data Modeler and ERWIN, as well as TOAD, to perform Gap Analysis on To-Be and Legacy data schemas, to determine conversion Level-of-Effort.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented TIBCO-JasperReports from AWS-S3-Data Lake – JSON Documents to provide reports for DOLETA Apprentice and Intern Jobs Programs.

Installed, configured, tuned and penetration tested Appian BPMS. As well as constructed BPMS workflows for eDrvs and WIOA Modeling and Implementation.

Modeled agnostic structured/semi-structured queries using Apache-Drill on Redshift Multi-Clusters to Data-Mine Displaced Worker Demographics.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Spark Data Frames Rule Service to convert Oracle Warehouse Builder Rules to SparkR Rules.

Implemented, coded and deployed: Ansible YAML & Python - Roles, Playbooks and Galaxy: Plays, Tasks and Modules from Pypi, and Github, to install, update, remove and restart apps from Tower installed in EC2 instances.

Designed, developed, coded, configured, penetration tested and implemented Tableau Data Dimension Analysis using AWS S3, Snowplow and Apache-Drill Data MapReduced through AWS EMR, AWS Redshift-Peta-Data, Spark SQL & R, Aurora, RDS-MySQL, RDS-Oracle-11g.

Designed, developed, coded, configured, penetration tested and implemented AWS DevOps – Chef Recipes to build and deploy Snap-AMI Containers to deploy upon Auto-Scale Request Policy when Service reached 80% capacity. And, gracefully digress to stop when demand throttled down.

Designed, developed, coded, tested and implemented AWS CloudFormation Chef Cookbook Recipes utilizing Chef-Knife-CLI as well as Chefspec BDD/TDD.

Utilized Scala-on-Rails – Skinny to generate SBT - RSpec Rules base from Jobs Funding Policies Spreadsheets. These rules were further refined using reflection to determine Meta from Sub Rule classifications. The RSpec Polices were adopted into version control and “Rule Bags” were utilized to apply financial polices to various quarters and years of funding.

Developed, designed, coded, configured, penetration tested and implemented ORC-Hive and Parquet-Hive Prototypes to explore Job-Seekers Data against Job-Openings for US per Month/Week drilldowns for US-DOL-Trade.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented a concurrent – multi-parallel – event oriented-processing - AKKA Actor System and Actors, to consume Scala Spark-SQL Rules which aggregate data to produce Quality Performance Reports (QPR) on Fiscal projections against Apprentice and Intern Job data.

Designed and configured AWS Security Inspector Agents with their respective assessment targets using Assessment Templates against Rule Packages. Provided Security Policy rule rollups per program and coordinated them with Configuration Mgt Steering Committee.

Prepared and cleansed CSV to NoSQL document legacy data from business feature specification using Talend Data Prep V1.10. As well as performed ETL/ELT into AWS EMRFS for EMR/MapR - Hadoop Job/Tasks using Talend Open Studio for Big DataV 6.2.0. I also loaded columnar serialized Kryo data into both Hbase and Redshift Parquet tables using Pig and Sqoop services, while coordinating EMR/MapR using HCatalog. Utilized Talend Data Integration tAction components to map out source to output schemas to be incorporated into Performance Review System cloud architecture. I performed profiling and monitoring on PRS Data using Talend Open Studio for Data Quality as well as AWS CloudWatch, CloudTrail, AWS Config, AWS Inspector and customized Trusted Advisor Policies.

Designed and configured Talend Containers to be incorporated into both Bytegrid and AWS Fedramp Cloud using Talend ESB. As well as designed and configured “Golden Copy” Evolutionary Data Models (EDM) using Talend MDM.

Designed, coded, penetration tested, documented and implemented High Performance Computing (HPC) IPython Lambda’s to load Apache Pig Jobs dynamically from S3 to an already running EMR Cluster via Step-Injection and Redshift DB using Anaconda IPython within a python-virtualenv.

Designed, coded, penetration tested, documented and implemented HPC-IPython Elastic Beanstalk & Lambda Job-Queue-Monitoring/Economizer within its own python-virtualenv

Coordinated result feeds and designed, penetration tested and implemented RedShift and Cassandra Schemas for Dept of Labor - Performance Review Result Data.

AT&T Research & Development Center, Annapolis MD Sr. IaaS-PaaS-SaaS - Cloud Pen Test Security Architect and Big Data Scientist. - 02/15/2013 12/14/2014.

Pursued and received approval for over $5,000,000.00 in contract mods.

Designed, developed. penetration tested and implemented Common Cloud Security Virtual Domain Grids for AT&T Clients using OpenStack, Splunk-IPDS and Hadoop-Multi-Cluster Data Domains. Which interacted with AWS - EC2/S3 Client VPCs.

Established SNORT IPDS-SIEM layers to deal with multi-level hacker intrusions throughout the Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) and Security-as-a-Service (SaaS) Common Cloud Grid.

Met with AT&T clients and coordinated implementation and Security Hardening in compliance with NIST SP 800-53 Security Controls.

Designed, developed. penetration tested and implemented Ruby on Rails - Security Log Rules Application (SLRA) to provide greater articulation of rouge frag-packet hacks as well as DDoS & D-Day multi-level Hacks.

Implemented SLRA-RoR-Yarn service, using Capistrano server CI/CD, with Hadoop RBAC Role/Priv Distrib Secure Nodes as data-store. Integrated with HERASAF-PAP/PEP/PDP Yarn app for security rule/policy orchestration.
Utilized and integrated Apache Kafka Hadoop Message Handlers with Storm for high-availability through-put. And, Flume data-aggregation with Sqoop parallel data loading. While maintaining security policy orchestration via Apache Ranger rules. Used Apache Oozie to schedule Logical Units of Work for Hadoop jobs.

Designed, developed, normalized/de-normalized Secure High Availability (HA) Hadoop RBAC, MapReducing to aggregated Access & Identity profiles for secure PKI method cross-check within VPC-Apps.

Designed, developed, penetration tested and performed Intrusion, Penetration, Detection System (IPDS) Ethical Hacker Cloud Scans using SNORT modules with Security Policies.

Designed, analyzed requirements, developed, coded, tested and implemented Vaadin Multi-App & CRUD Apps to track RRD Log extractions monitoring fibre implementations.

Installed, configured and penetration tested RedSeal and Brakeman Continuous Security Code Scan as well as used Nmap to resolve false-positives.

Designed and architected Behavior and Penetration test Driven Development (BDD/TDD) of Java Spring MVC Notification Escalation Security Orchestrator in compliance with NIST SP-800-94 – Guide to Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented D3, Node, Angular.js Data Visualization Widgets to monitor log behaviors.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Python 2.7/Django – Splunk Security application to track customized frag-packet activities to detect intrusions and events at defined end-points.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Angular.js – Mobile IOS-Android - Hadoop Collector and Reporter – Job & Task Tracker across Zoo Cluster Nodes using Corona SDK.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Payment Card Industry-Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) – Credit Card Mobile Transaction Monitor and Incident Alert System, for IOS & Android using Paymill SDK.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and deployed J2EE Web Portal Service & EJB-Restful – Audit Log End Point Gatherer (ALEPG) using Oracle 12c Weblogic & RAC with scaling for client cloud log end points.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and deployed C++ Security Exploit Analyzer, Machine Learning Probe (SAEMLP) using Vowpal Wabbit, MultiBoost, Shogun and LibSVM - Libraries.

Performed the following 12 requirements mandated by the PCI DSS: Install and maintain a firewall configuration to protect cardholder data, Checked configurations for use of vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters, Checked the integrity of protected, stored cardholder data, Provided encryption transmission schema(s) of cardholder data across open, public networks, Used and regularly update anti-virus software, Develop and maintain secure PCI DSS systems and applications, Configured restricted access to cardholder data by business need-to-know-RBAC, Assigned unique IDs to each person with PCI computer access, Designed restricted physical access to cardholder data in accordance with HSPD-12 Spec, Provided automated tracking and monitoring of all access to network resources pertaining to cardholder data, Regularly penetration tested PCI DSS security systems and processes and maintained rule-policy rollups that address PCI DSS information security.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented: Clojure – Joodo-Log Reader with Rule-Maps to filter exploits and incidents within Hadoop Clusters.

Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) - DECC Information Assurance - Audit Solution, Pen Test & Hadoop Security Architect/Developer Lead – 08-15-2011 to 02/15/2013.

Pursued and received approval for over $13,500,000.00 in contract mods. + responsible for 25% of contract renewal due to successful Security Goals attained.

Install, configure, tune and update Oracle Enterprise Security – Oracle Identity Management and Oracle Access Management 11g software onto Buccaneer Server Farm for CMS,

Lead Access and Identity Management Matrix Rule configuration meetings to comply with NIST SP 800-12 – Separation of Duties,

Provided Fed Section 508 Compliance validation, verification and penetration testing for CMS Enterprise and Cloud Services using JAWS, Window-Eyes 8.0, SuperNova Access Suite,

Design, coded, penetration tested and implement on Websphere, Audit Log Management Architecture using Java Spring MVC for Health Care Quality Information System Architecture to comply with NIST SP 800-92 - Log Management,

Installed, configured, tuned and updated Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition 11g – with ScoreCard and Strategy as well as Answers and Delivers to query CMS Audit Logs and provide Incident Response Analysis Reports and Alerts.

Installed, configured, tuned and updated 11g Oracle Data Audit Vault, as well as Realms and Incident Response Filters to HQCIS Audit Logs, spanning across the entire Architectural Layering, to provide alerts to HQCIS - CMS.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Security Audit Log Analytic Report Service (SALARS) with OBIEE – ScoreCard and Strategy with Key Performance Indicators to track A123 and SAS70 Incident Response Costing. As well as performed canonical modeling design pattern analysis in order to communicate between different data formats (Audit Log text to UDP to Oracle 11g data records). SALARS provides enterprise application integration between the business and security layers. SALARS reduces costs and standardizes agreed data definitions associated with integrating CMS business systems,

Installed, configured, tuned and updated ArcSight ESM and Logger SIEM with Data Connectors to access HQCIS – DECC Audit Logs to provide an IV&V Incident Response Correlation to HQCIS Security Audit Log Analytic Report Service (SALARS),

Designed, developed and implemented the following Functional Specifications, White/Black Box – Activity and Sequence Diagrams: BI Log Analysis Report Service Specification, Pull Audit Log Service Specification, Syslog Endpoint Service Specification, and Retain Operational Log Data Service Specification.

Designed, developed and implemented the following: HQCIS – Conceptual Model for DECC, HQCIS – Logical Model for DECC.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented D3, Node, Angular.js Data Visualization Widgets to monitor log behaviors.

Provided Certification and Accreditation (C&A) coordination to deal with Security Violations (known as Quality Information Variance Assessment) among the Lines of Business which include: Hospital Reporting (HR), Physicians Quality Reporting Service (PQRS), End State Renal Disease (ESRD), Quality Information Operations (QIO) and Consolidated Renal Operations in a web-enabled network (CROWNWEB) by providing Contingency Action Planning (CAP) and Risk Acceptance Form (RAF) guidance/recommendations.

Designed, developed, coded and penetration tested JDeveloper 11g1 the following security component operations: PKI LDAP Interfaces, Quality Identity Management System Tracking Operation Component.

Installed, configured, tuned and updated Sun Identity Manager V8.1 - Waveset for Quality Identity Management System (QIMS)

Designed, developed installed, configured and maintained OpenLDAP Security Penetration test Bed. As well as Imported/Exported User Data and installed, configured, updated and maintain Security Encryption penetration testing.

Installed, configured, tuned and updated Oracle Virtual Directory (OVD) and Oracle Identity Federation (OIF) across all Lines of Business to provide Federated Identity Management for CMS-OCSQ CISO.
Installed, configured, tuned and updated: Nmap, WebInspect, AppScan, AppDetective, and Source Fire Snort to provide NIDS/HIDS in accordance with NIST SP 800-94 - Guide to Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS),

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented CyberScope SCAP practices to handle manual and automated inputs of agency data for FISMA reporting.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Security Audit Log Analytical Report Service and IAM/ WebServices using Oracle 11g Application Development Framework.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and deployed Oracle Governance, Risk and Compliance Security Audit Log Analytical Report Service (SALARS).
Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and deployed Oracle Audit Vault (OAV) and Security Policies to filter converted Syslog-NG Collection Server Oracle 11g data records, via PowerCenter Informatica ETL Server.

Architected and engineered CMS-Incident Response and Breach Analysis Notifications and Remedy Ticket System(s),

Architected and engineered CMS-RBAC, ABAC, LBAC and Rule-BAC Access, Authorization and Authentication for Enterprise Federal Identity Management System (EFIMS).

Performed Risk Management Analysis of CMS Line of Businesses (LoB) as well as Privacy Impact Studies and E-Authentication Certifications to meet C&A requirements.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested, documented and implemented to production, SAML-Oriented SSO using OpenLDAP Golden Key Exchange using C++ with Lasso SAML-lib.

Provided CMS Clients FISMA-NIST oriented classes including: Incident Analysis and Response, Splunk Ontology Analysis, Splunk Topology Analysis, Security Audit Log Analytical Reporting (SALARS), Businesses & Security Impact Analysis and Risk Impact Analysis.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Python/Django Splunk Security Web applications to monitor ICD Billing applications.

Prototyped Big Data systems with Hadoop, HBase, and Cassandra, using Cloudera and MapR clusters on EC2. Design, developed and deployed complete architecture, assuring acceptable performance. Analyzed Audit Logs for Security Incidents and Events.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Node.js – Syslog Endpoint Monitor and Disconnect Alert Mobile IOS-Android App to provide backup alerts on disconnected or misconfigured servers.

As the Technical Security Audit Solutions Architect Lead, I've provided designs, security requirements and architecture solutions to address CMS - Acceptable Risk Strategy (ARS) as well as NIST 800-53 Security Controls for Physician's Quality Reporting Initiative (PQRI) and Physician's Quality Reporting System (PQRS). As will as the eRx Incentive Electronic Prescribing Payment Program, to ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of PII and PHI data.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Proof of Concept implementing WaveMaker 6.5 to provide a front end to Hadoop-Multi-Cluster – NIST SP 800-53 Inventory and C&A Service using HDFS and Oracle 11g Databases.

Provided code, penetration testing and implementation of Proof of Concept implementing Knopflerfish Pro 3.8 – Makewave & Ubicore RAD to provide Enterprise Syslog Endpoint Inventory Tracking Service using a Oracle 11g multi-dimensional model.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and deployed Proof of Concept implementing Openxava – AJAX Java Framework RAD to build a Risk Management Framework Incident Response Notification & Escalation Service to Apple & Android Cell Phones.

Performed upgrade, penetration test, migration and deployment of Oracle Access Mgr, 11g R2 PS1, PS2, for Centers for Medicare/Medicaid Services (CMS) - Security Audit Log Analytical Report Service (SALARS). To provide high availability access services to CMS - Health Information Exchanges (HIE) users.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and deployed Clojure Comojure Web Interface to monitor NIST 800-92 Log incidents and provide Notification-Escalation Service with Exploit-Alarm

P.E. Inc., Sr. Medical-Mobile & Investment/Real Estate Software Architect/Developer 02-2010 to 08-2011 Evenings/Weekend Projects
Bid and proposed and won $750,000.00 Sales Contract awarded due to my sales efforts.
Design, develop, code, penetration test and implement RIM V6.0 IOS & IPAD V4.3 IOS Medical Tracking and Billing System Prototype.
Configure and penetration test RBAC controls to prevent users from taking tablets off site as well as insta-flush tablet data. Tablet software designed to alert security personnel as well as stolen platform.
Initial prototypes connected to mySQL V5.0 for data store and forward. RRD & ICD 10 Data platform migrated to Oracle 11g.
Design, develop, code, penetration test and implement Drupal/Oracle with mobile Browsecap - Investment/Real Estate Asset Identification/Risk Software. MLS & GIS Modules integrated to provide listing and geographic information to subscription Real Estate Investors.
Designed, coded, penetration tested and implemented MLS – Python Stat Analysis Filtering to determine Real Estate Marketing Trends against Lender Coupon Rates.
IT Security Information Assurance Subject Matter Expert (SME), Pen Test & Forensic Cyber Investigator 04-201*-**-**** - The Administrative Office of the United States Courts
Pursued and received approval for over $2,000,000.00 in contract mods.
Provide IT Security Information Assurance SME & Forensic Cyber Investigator/Auditor support to The Judiciary – OHR – Business Technical Optimization Division (BTOD) as well as all US Federal Courts by:

Developing, designing and implementing a NIST & FISMA compliant cyber security stance for all US Federal Courts and the Judiciary by use of information assurance best practices.

As well as bringing the following into information assurance best practice compliance: HRMIS, Evidence Operations Division, Latent Finger Print Labs, eVacancy Judicial Employment & Background Analysis System and The Judiciary Payroll System(s).

Performing NIST SP 800-94 IDPS scans using Nmap, WebInspect, Nessus, AppDetective and SNORT intrusion/penetration detection scans,

Provided Fed Section 508 Compliance validation, verification and penetration testing of Judiciary Enterprise Architecture using JAWS, Window-Eyes 8.0, SuperNova Access Suite,

Installed, configured, penetration tested and implemented OIM/OAM Federated and High Availability Services interfacing Federated LDAP Services,

Analyzing and providing security information assurance policy recommendations to the Judiciary General Counsel as well as Risk Analysis of baseline and contingency, common and hybrid security control countermeasures in accordance with NIST SP 800-30, 60, 53 & 53a.

Providing the Judiciary US Federal Courts individual NIST SP 800-18 compliant System Security Plan(s) (SSP), NIST SP 800-34 – Contingency Management Plan (s)(CMP) and NIST SP 800-61, 83 & 86 Incident Response Plan(s) as well as Disaster Recovery Plan(s) (DRP).

Designed, developed and implemented Judiciary Security Awareness as well as Court Identifying Information (CII) & Personal Identify Information (PII) security training.

Analyzed and provided policy for Security Business Impact Analysis (BIA) and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) for US Federal Courts Security System(s).

Providing SCAP NIST SP 800-115, 117 & 126, SCAP - Security Penetration testing and Assessment (ST&A) on US Federal Courts System(s). Consolidated Rules of Engagement into Information Assurance Security Policies implemented nation-wide to every US Federal Court for Judges IT Security Procedures and Practices.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented PeopleSoft 8.49 HRMIS II - CRM with Financial Modules Security Stance for C&A. Which included penetration testing and validation of security best practices throughout the 50,000 user architecture. This penetration testing included NMap, Nessus, WebInspect and AppDetective IDPS in accordance with NIST SP 800-94.

Performed IDPS Scans and Remediation on Weblogic, Webshpere and Apache Internet Servers IAW NIST SP 800-94.

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Python Security Control Monitoring App against Judiciary NIST SP 800-53 Checklist for ATO.

Performed OIM/OAM and ACL/RBAC Risk Analysis IAW NIST SP 800-30 & 60 as well as Separation of Duties/Least Privileges Analysis IAW NIST SP 800-12 on Oracle 10g & 11i Database(s)/Warehouse(s).

Designed, developed, coded, penetration tested and implemented Java Clojure & Scala Web Service Agents to monitor Oracle and Informix Cloud transactions as well as penetration test SCAP tagging of bottom up Java code.

Designed, developed, coded and penetration tested Drupal 6/7 C&A Tracking System using Grid 960 Customized Theme and Ruby on Rails 3 Risk Assessment System. I also provided Mobile Browsecap interface to allow 3G Mobile Computing access and interaction.

Architected and prototyped Track and Trace for the Judiciary, using Scala, Cassandra, Hadoop, XML, REST fine-grain access control with certificates, with capacity of 1,000-10,000 transactions per second, with background processes to verify chain of custody and fraud prevention. Tasks accomplished.

“Refactored” Cassandra-access code, to allow either Hector or Thrift access (Factory design pattern), replacing the original Thrift code interspersed throughout the application,

Designed, developed, normalized/de-normalized secure
Contact this candidate