Gary L. “Doni” Helms acypnv@r.postjobfree.com * Marietta, GA * 678-***-****

A dedicated, experienced, Project Manager, Business Analyst and Solutions Architect, who undertakes complex assignments, delivers superior performance, and meets tight deadlines on budget. Applies strong PM and BAA skills, in order to identify project requirements and stakeholder concerns, budget, time and resource constraints, in order to provide world class solutions to the organizations technology wants and needs. Thrives in a fast-paced setting and operates with a strong sense of urgency in both tactical and strategic task definition, planning, and completion.

Skills: Project Management Business Analysis Data & Database Analysis and Design Learning & Development Systems Architecture Reporting Strategic Planning Systems Programming ADDIE Methodology Agile/Scrum Methodology Waterfall Methodology Data Migrations/Conversions SaaS

Competancies: Expert Level with Microsoft Office Suite, Excel/Access/VBA, MS Project, Power Point, Visio, MySQL, ASP/VBScript, PHP, HTML, CSS, and Javascript, RPG/400, CL/400, DDS, AS/400, Intermediate level in JQuery, JSON, C++/C# and Java, multiple MVC libraries and environments, Installation/configuration/management of Salesforce, Peoplesoft, iCIMS, Oracle Taleo, and Act, Ab_Initio design suit, Adobe Development/eLearning Suite, Camtasia, Captivate, Articulate, Storyline2, Final Cut Pro, Adobe Premiere/After Effects, Open-source LMS including Moodle, Sakai, ILIAS, and Dokeos.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Car Toys/Wireless Advocates Seattle, WA October 2006 – December 2016
Learning & Development Specialist

During the first three years of employment, in addition to my other duties, I was part of a two-person conference management team, responsible for the logistics, management, delivery, control, and budgeting, as well as vendor liason for 20 vendor conference/training events. These events for produced for two divisions of the enterprise in five major cities in the spring and the fall.

Other duties in the organization included,
Project Manager/Business Analyst for the designed/programming, implementation and management of a customized, SCORM compliant Learning Management System using ADDIE and Waterfall methodology.
Managed a budget of approximately $250K for the initial LMS project and approximately $80K/year in programming and analysis consultants and support personnel.
Designed/Developed/Delivered ILT and eLearning training modules for a wide range of subjects including, Management Training, Product Training, Vendor Training, Internal and External Customer Training.
Conduct learning analysis and produce reporting for corporate and field management.
Improved learning management, reporting, employee retention, and productivity by providing LMS platform to enterprise.
Liason with SME’s, Senior Management, Internal/External Customers, and Stakeholders.
Manage multiple Projects and/or teams in design/development/implementation of L&D tools.
Monitor, Control and Manage custom LMS installations for three distinct divisions within the enterprise.

Warranty Corporation of America Norcross, GA August 1998 – October 2006
Chief Technologies Officer/Director of Training & Development
I was responsible for the design and development for all internal and external training materials as well as managing a team of courseware developers and instructors. I had sole responsibility for all aspects of the Learning & Development division, including the designers, developers, trainers, sales people, administrators, and coordinators. I designed, developed and delivered Instructor Led Training(ILT) to internal and external customers, all across the United States and Canada. I was responsible for hands-on training of call center personnel in three call centers in the US and Canada.
Managed a team and project that created the corporate Intranet, increasing communications throughout the organization.
Acted as PM/BA/SME in the creation of an enterprise wide, reporting database.
Managed a project team in the design and implementation of automatic call-center data extraction and the creation of real-time statistics displayed throughout the call centers on large LED data display screens.

Managed multiple projects utilizing ADDIE methodology, Microsoft Excel and Project, as well as Visio for project specific documentation, tracking, etc., performed PM, BA, and SME roles as follows:
Researched, procured and oversaw installation of telephony system for 300 seat call center, resulting in annual savings of over $160,000 in telco expenses.
Created market presence for numerous new and existing programs, increasing revenues by over 20% in the first year.
Created help desk tracking system which increased productivity by an estimated 80%.
Procured and installed corporate video conferencing systems, reducing travel and training budget over 40%.
Facilitated the reorganization of the IT department and the search and hiring of the CIO
Increased warranty sales over 45% via aggressive marketing and sales training initiatives
Designed, developed, and implemented multiple eCommerce web sites, generating over $2.2 million dollars.
Designed and implemented eCommerce analytics, analysis, and tracking systems.
Managed multimedia production facilities resulting in the production of internal and external training materials, generating in access of $200,000 in revenue.

The Helms Group, LLC Marietta, GA/Malibu, CA March 1983 – February 1998
Managing Partner/Owner
Managed a team of consultants and learning & development professionals. Was responsible for all aspects of a professional consulting organization including, marketing, sales, supervision, project management, business analysis, courseware design and development.
Provided consulting and training services for Fortune 500 companies all across the US.
Provided project management and systems analysis for numerous multi-million dollar contracts.
Provided training & development for more than 10,000 employees of various organizations in a wide range of industries including:
oInsurance
oRetail/Wholesale
oCredit
oAccounting
oMedical
oManufacturing/Distribution
oFinancial
oAuto
oTravel
oEntertainment
EDUCATION
Certified Computer Programmer Certified Project Manager Certified Systems Analyst Certified Business Analyst Certified Database Administrator Certified Technology Trainer Completed PMP training.

Learning & Development Portfolio: http://www.donihelms.com/portfolio/design.asp
Contact this candidate