A l Z ol
Cloud Enablement Enterprise Architect Business Architect Strategy and Technology
Consultant Pre-Sales Architect Digital Transformation Engagement Manager Integration Consultant B2B-ECM-BPM-CEM-CCM-DAM-SOA Consultant
919-***-****
acz9a2@r.postjobfree.com
Cary, NC 27511
linkedin.com/in/alzol
Over 20 years of domestic and international experience in public and private sectors, providing management and consulting towards increasing the return on business and IT investments. In last 5 years, I have provided EIM, Digital & Cloud transitioning strategy. I have designed the business, application, and infrastructure EIM architecture, and worked with senior executives/managers on minimizing the IT footprint, decreasing time to market and time to value, by leveraging the Cloud managed services. Work Experience Skills and Competencies
Sr. Principal Enterprise Architect – pre-sales
OpenText – Nov 2012 – Now
With 12,000 employees worldwide and $1.8B revenue, OT is the largest Canadian so ware company and provides EIM so ware solu ons, and Cloud Managed Services including B2B, ECM, BPM, CEM, DAM, Analy cs, and eDiscovery.
Resulted in $3M average perpetual and Cloud services sales per quarter and increased the closing success rate for complex opportuni es by 25%.
Provided Digital and Cloud transi on strategy, EIM Architecture alignment, and gap & impact analysis.
Provided guidance on data governance, brand management, record management, DAM, BPM, ECM, CCM, CEM,
decommissioning, repor ng, and analy cs.
Designed integrated solu ons with SAP (ERP, HANA, SuccessFactor, Hybris, Ariba), MS (SharePoint, Office 365, Exchange), Oracle EBS, and Salesforce.
Integration Consultant / SOA Architect
Pacific Blue Cross (PBC) – Sep 2010 – Nov 2012
Provided a key role in the design, implementa on, and integra on of the new Claim Management System, actuary, underwri ng, decommissioning MainFrame, integra on to ECM, CRM, Repor ng, Canada Dental and Pharmacy networks. Senior Consulting Manager
Burntsand Inc (now OpenText) – Sep 2007 – Sep 2010 Managed marke ng, sales, design, and delivery of e-Commerce, ECM, BPM, and CCM projects to the public and private sectors. Worked closely with the senior management, the sales team, and the professional services on proposals, statement of works, sales and service delivery strategy, while considering targeted revenues and margins.
Specialized in EIM, Digital and Cloud Transforma on.
Experienced in working with stakeholders at all levels of the organiza on, including C-level and presen ng technical solu ons to non-technical stakeholders.
Experienced in a broad range of industries including: Entertainment, Telco, Finance, Insurance, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing, Retail, and Public Sector.
Collaborate with business leaders to understand the growth drivers of the business. Gain insights into opera onal models, strategies, and ini a ves in order to determine how technology can be applied to enable the required business capabili es.
Design and delivery of comprehensive Enterprise Content Management (ECM), Business Process Management (BPM), Case Management, Web Experience Management, Customer Communica on Management (CCM), Digital Asset
Management (DAM), Supply Chain Communica on, ERP and CRM integra on, Analy cs, B2B, A2A and B2C integra on, and associated business and technical architecture.
Managing centralized and virtual design, development and professional services teams, in both Agile and Structured formats.
Business process modeling, BPMN, analysis, alignment, and re-engineering
Executed all phases of SDLC from incep on to delivery and release itera on following RUP and TOGAF frameworks. D.I.S.C. Analysis - General Characteristics
“Al is goal-oriented and driven by results. He is the team member who will try to keep the others on task. He embraces visions not always seen by others. Al's creative mind allows him to see the big picture.”
Education
AWS Solu on Architect Associate (in progress)
CSA CCSK (in progress)
SAP S/4HANA – Deep Dive
SAP Digital Transforma on Across the Extended Supply Chain
TOGAF Enterprise Architecture Cer fied
Lead Assessors QA (ISO 9000)
B.Sc. in Material Engineering
Contact this candidate