References available upon request
James T Berkenbaugh III
Milwaukee, WI 262-***-**** (mobile) ad06l7@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/jim-berkenbaugh-iii- 561638106
Summary
Results-driven, proactive, and passionate Information Technology professional with over twenty years of boots-on-the- ground administration. This administration consisting of years of analysis, development, data storage, planning and support. Eager to provide the operational guidance required, with PMP training and skills (including ITIL and Agile). Recent study in school includes development in a LAMP stack to host responsive websites. The development was done manually and with WordPress.
A Few Cloud Trainings & Certifications:
Amazon Web Services: Controlling Cost
Amazon Web Services: Enterprise Security
Amazon Web Services: Exploring Business Solutions
Amazon Web Services: High Availability
AWS - Deploy and Provisioning
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 1 Cloud Services Overview AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 2 Storage Design AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 3 Virtual Private Cloud AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 4 Compute Services AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 5 Identity and Access Management AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 6 Auto Scaling and Virtual Network Services AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 7 Application Deployment AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 8 Databases AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02): 9 Services and Design Scenarios AWS Essential Training for Architects
Become an AWS Cloud Practitioner
Cloud Architecture: Core Concepts
Exam Tips: AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-C02) Learning Cloud Computing: Cloud Storage
Planning a Multi-Cloud Solution
Skills, Abilities & Trainings of Note
System Integration ● Windows and Mac desktop Administration, including Imaging MiP OSNC Planning and Management ● Remote support and leadership: Chime, Teams, RDP, SCCM ● Network Administrator – 30.3 hrs. ● Extensive DBMS experience – (Oracle, Sybase, Progress, MySQL and Access) ● OLTP and OLAP ● IT Security Specialist
– 21.9 hrs. ● SharePoint Development & Administration ● ServiceNow ITSM ● Solarwinds, Orion SIEM ● Symantec Endpoint Protection ● Fire-Eye ● CrowdStrike ● Become an AWS Cloud Practitioner – 18.2 hrs. ● MESM (SCCM)
● Retail Scale Administration ● Understanding Cloud Fundamentals – 11.15 hrs. ● “Hospitality” Point of Sale support
● Project Management ● Business Analyst -26 hrs. ● IBM, NCR (R10) Point of Sale Support ● Active Directory ● Phone System Administration (desktop and mobile) ● VMware ● CompTIA A+ Certification (201-1001 and 201-1002
– 34 hrs. ● Professional Customer Service ● ETL/ELT ● CompTIA Network+ (N10-007) Certification – 22 hrs. ● Cisco router administration (including Switch and Port Management) ● AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associates Exam (SAA-C02) – 20 hrs.
References available upon request
Programming Languages (including scripting, interpreter, markup, and generation) SQL, PL/SQL, HTML5, DOS / Shell, CSS3, VBS, VB, JavaScript, PowerShell, Python, PHP, Bash, Node.js Summary of Projects
Telecommunication Industry Association, Arlington, Virginia 1. Delivered, developed, and maintained client/server usage of the company database to enhance customer and member satisfaction.
2. Worked with the Director of Membership and Marketing, Director of Web Development, and Vice President of Standards and Technology to establish and manage the web presence of TIA’s real-time/live association data. Whole Foods Market, Arlington, Virginia
3. Worked under the direction of others to institute IBM, Register backups. 4. Provided infrastructure, software, and hardware upgrades. 5. Trained new technology hires.
6. Structured reports in JDA. Including one that compiled Not-On-File reports at each location so system integrators could more closely monitor department compliance.
Whole Foods Market, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
7. SharePoint, rebranding of all the Whole Foods Market, Midwest region SharePoint sites. – Before his departure, worked with the SharePoint Developer to accept ownership of the rebranding solution. Post departure of the SharePoint Developer, worked with Marketing and all affected product teams to apply the scheduled change and provide necessary support.
8. Worked with Whole Foods Market, Team Member Services on the creation of the first training tracker for Whole Foods Market, Midwest. – When in use it served 8 states and 2 countries. 9. Created a dynamic delete batch query tool used by system integrators at Whole Foods Market.
• The tool took the contents of the RBX systems (UNIX) and compared those results to price batches sent to stores by regional or corporate. This comparison highlighted discrepancies that would cause issues at the store level.
10. Created the first RBX auditing tool for Whole Foods Market which allowed stores to audit products and designate status codes for each accordingly. Stores were able to report effectively and accurately on item status. 11. Developed initial reporting tool for Whole Foods Market for accessing and publishing automatic metrics from the company ticketing system, pre-ServiceNow.
12. SharePoint, as a subject matter expert, I was tasked with coordinating the removal of Whole Foods Market, Midwest branding in preparation for migrating the company SharePoint farms. 13. Creation and deployment of a PowerShell script for Whole Foods Market team members to remotely establish connections for end-users to secure storage.
14. A PowerShell script was created and delivered that would globally reverse registry redirects and copy the remote files back to the local PC. The final PowerShell script was tested and delivered to company techs so years of redirects could be undone conditionally in minimal time.
15. Created a graphical user interface in an agile environment with a PowerShell script for Whole Foods Market techs that established predictable USMT migrations for OSNC / lifecycle bulk workstation replacement. – including symmetric encryption, appropriate profile capture, and notifications of actions taken. a. It’s estimated that migrations with USMT save $150.00 - $300.00 per user in support cost, custom configuration, lost employee productivity, and additional help-desk time. - Using these figures, conservatively $937.5K is being saved by WFM in the 2019 – 2020 fiscal years, for one region of the company. The company has 11 regions.
• It’s difficult to place an absolute value on the use of USMT. Figures are sourced by Microsoft, Dow Chemical, and Lockheed Martin.
Experience
Systems Integrator Whole Foods Market an amazon company Dec 2003 – Nov 2021 References available upon request
Manage and maintain the digital information technology infrastructure of the SE Wisconsin Whole Foods locations. · As Systems Integrator for the SE Wisconsin locations, in addition to local tiered support, I worked with vendors & suppliers to ensure optimal equipment and system performance. a. Support of all digital technology in Southeast, Wisconsin. b. Regular audits of equipment and sites for potential or actual problems. c. Worked with suppliers and vendors on behalf of end-users and the company. d. Used MESM (SCCM) to remotely manage, maintain and administer digital assets. e. ITIL: Resolve local and remote issues submitted via the company support portal, Documented globally in ServiceNow and locally in Cisco Packet Tracer, OneNote, and Excel. f. Provided on-site knowledge to users to facilitate projects. g. Provided Break/Fix Subject Matter Expertise.
h. Escalated recorded issues that fell outside my wheelhouse of knowledge and or expertise. i. Processed purchase projections according to device lifecycle, system, and location requirements. j. Fiscally planned, budgeted and forecasted according to future events, k. Securely stored, documented, and E-Cycled old digital equipment. l. Locally and remotely, Installed and supported the installation of computers, registers, telecommunications devices, and network equipment & infrastructure.
m. Managed and processed budgeting requests for technology requirements. n. Suggested usage and purchases for company operations. o. Supply chain support to optimize the ROI for company stakeholders. Data Technical Services of Milwaukee, WI and Arlington, VA
· Pricing and weight auditor for Whole Foods Market, Wisconsin stores
· Provided data support and accuracy to customers and team members, coordinated with team leadership and acted as the liaison between regional office personnel and the stores. Owner and Consultant JTB3 Consulting Jun 2002 – May 2006
· Oracle and Microsoft Access database consulting. Project A
a. Organization size and budget necessitated an RDBMS migration referral. Project B
a. Preparation for migrating company data so the Oracle back-end was no longer needed. b. Detailed documentation of the current schema was required. c. Training, as necessary
Project C
a. Support for compilation of yearly membership dues. b. Included, establishing a script for future printing of membership dues invoices. c. Training, as necessary
Database Administrator Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA) Jan 2000 – Jan 2003
· Managed and maintained the client/server environment of the company’s normalized databases.
· Monitored, managed, and developed Oracle databases with a proprietary Progress U.I. and provided distributed Microsoft Access reporting tools.
· The primary Oracle database was mapped to association software with Oracles Net8 configuration,
· Approximately $15M in annual membership dues, standards, and publication sales were managed through this production database.
· The primary Oracle database was selectively denormalized to provide 24/7 availability for the company web team and online customers yet provide appropriate security measures. These “appropriate measures” included physically separating instances of vulnerability. This mitigated any potential attack surface. References available upon request
Abstract Coordinator American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS) 1995 – Jan 2000
· Management of 30,000 user Listserv,
· Management of the company Sybase database,
· Collection and display of annual Pharmaceutical Abstracts. Membership and Marketing American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS)
“AAPS is a professional, scientific, organization of 7000 active members and over 10,000 participating stakeholders employed in academia, industry, government, and other pharmaceutical science-related research institutes worldwide.”
Membership and Marketing Coordinator Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA) Aug 1995 – 1998
“ TIA operates nine engineering committees that develop guidelines for private radio equipment, cellular towers, VOIP equipment, structured cabling, satellites, telephone terminal equipment, accessibility, data centers, mobile device communications, vehicular telematics, smart device communications, and smart utility mesh networks. More than 1,000 individuals - representing network equipment manufacturers, service providers, government entities, and end-users - currently serve on TIA's Engineering committees ” Education
University of Wisconsin (UWM) Milwaukee, WI – BS, Information Science & Technology (Info Sci-Tech) Northern Virginia Community College (NVCC) Annandale, VA Mid-Pacific Institute (Mid-Pac) Honolulu, HI
Certifications
Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) (3YR) Expired Prometric
Contact this candidate