*
•• PROTECTED
Siva Bhagavatula
513-***-****
ad1dg5@r.postjobfree.com
Solutions-driven, experienced leader with 15+year success delivering software engineering operations and cloud solutions in banking, financial, automotive, and retail industries. Technologically advanced and accomplished professional with extensive experience in technical architecture, design and legacy system assessment, and team development. Demonstrated expertise in delivering complex in- house projects and supporting internal clients in developing designs in the delivery phase. Adept at the management of AWS cloud services with innate efficiency to work closely with teams, to ensure high quality and timely delivery of builds and releases. Skilled at planning, installing, and improving systems architecture to achieve high availability, resiliency, and performance. Proven mentor and trainer with expertise in communicating across organizational levels and with cross-functional teams to drive shared vision and foster culture of excellence. Strong communication skills combined with the proven ability to build robust relationships and effectively manage competing demands result in the achievement of challenging goals. Highlights of Expertise
• Strategic Planning & Roadmap Execution
• SDLC/Waterfall/Agile/Scrum Methodologies
• Cross functional Team Collaboration
• Staff Training & Leadership
• Client Relationship Management
• Technical Architecture
• Systems Analysis and Design
• Public/Private Cloud Solutions
• Risk Assessment & Mitigation
• Continuous Process Improvement
Professional Experience
TOYOTA (TMNA) 2020 – Present
Enterprise Solutions Architect
Manage activities that took place during solution ideation, solution design, and solution implementation. Analyze, develop, and execute plans to migrate eligible applications from on-prem to a cloud solution. Deliver strategic leadership and guidance in the establishment of an IT Architecture practice, and the adoption of an architecture and standards methodology. Review business context for solutions to company challenges as well as define the vision and requirements for the solution and recommend potential options. Key Contributions:
Develop architecture, strategy, planning, and problem-solving solutions on an enterprise level for the TMNA Consumer Portfolio.
Responsible for the solution architecture for different applications and making sure the architecture conforms to the enterprise standards.
Effectively Collaborated with other Enterprise Architects, and business stakeholders to align the understanding and execute strategic plans for a multi-million-dollar program.
Played a key role in defining the strategy for hosting all the digital assets on an Enterprise DAM.
Participated in the vendor selection activities based on the RFPs for the above program.
Partner with Advance Cloud Engineering team to bring the latest technologies/frameworks that are suitable for the application development teams.
Skills: AWS Route 53, AWS WAF2, CDN, API Gateway, Lambda, RDS Cloudwatch, CloudTrail, EA Roadmaps, Application Disposition Matrix, Migration Strategies and oAuth 2.0 with Microsoft AD 2
•• PROTECTED
Citi 2015 – 2020
Domain Architect
Lead strategic technology roadmap for the Retail Banking, Payment & Wealth domains. Responsible for the overall design and architecture of different programs in the domains. Monitored product progress continuously and developed detailed reports on measurable items such as milestones and delivery. Delivered rapid estimates from development teams in close coordination with product management team. Provided regular reports on status of development, quality, and product deliverables to senior management for informed decision-making. Key Contributions:
Responsible for global digital development and delivery of cross channel (internet, IOS, android) digital payment, digital commerce and money movement products for Citi that includes - A2A transfer, Zelle and Bill Payment
Provide direction and oversight for design/development activities within the specified domain.
Collaborates with other domain architects to provide a consensus based scalable and adaptable architectural solution.
Identified the need of skills development and delivered effective training and mentoring to staff with a keen focus on improving overall team performance and efficiency, while served as technical leader.
Ensured all aspects of a technical product delivery from conception to completion within time and in budgetary constraints.
Interviewing and recruiting the right talent for various positions across the organization.
Analyze, track and remediate root causes of defects. Perform business analysis, and requirements decomposition work, Create process flows and system integration diagrams. Skills: Java, Microservices, Spring Boot, Zuul, Ribbon, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, GemFire, Angular, Git, Maven, Jenkins, API Security
Citi 2012– 2015
Application Architect
Delivered innovative and best in class digital transformation solutions to customers with a keen focus on increasing customer satisfaction and retention. Led a global team present across the globe in delivering banking core modules, including Dashboard and Ledger. Worked collaboratively with regional product managers, aimed at developing a single design that meets the requirements. Built productive relationships internally and externally, fostering teamwork by keeping colleagues updated on activities. Conducted meetings with potential Clients to determine technical and business requirements and ensured that all necessary information was collated prior to producing a solution.
Key Contributions:
Ensure the application design and architecture confirms with the domain and enterprise standards.
Present the design and architecture to the Enterprise Architecture team.
Conduct peer code reviews to evaluate quality and solution alignment.
Designs both the physical and logical components of solution architectures that will deliver a positive business outcome.
Ensured all aspects of a technical product delivery from conception to completion within time and in budgetary constraints.
Skills: Java, Jboss, IBM Websphere, JSP, Servlets, Struts, Spring Web Framework, Git, Maven, Jenkins Additional Experience:
• Technology Lead at The Kroger Co. 2003 - 2011
• IT Consultant at Duke Energy 2000 - 2003
3
•• PROTECTED
Technical Proficiencies
Methodologies: SDLC, Waterfall, Agile and Scrum.
Tools: Angular JS, Kafka, Gemfire, Jenkins, RLM, Terraform, Kubernetes, Docker, PKS, IBM RTC, Jira, Greenhopper, Fisheye, Artifactory, ClearCase, java, C#, LDAP, OAuth, SOAP, RESTful APIs, SVN, CVS and Git.
Cloud
Technologies:
Security:
APM:
CMS Platforms:
IBM APIm. Amazon CloudFront, Route 53, WAF, AWS API Gateway, VPC, Compute EC2, AutoScaling, ELB, ECS, IAM, Lambda, SNS, SES, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, S3, RDS, DynamoDB, Spring Framework, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) and GemFire.
API Key, oAuth 2.0, oAuth-PKCE
Dynatrace, Datadog
Adobe Enterprise Management, Adobe DAM
Education & Credentials
Master of Business Administration
Wright State University, OH
Master of Computer Applications
India
Certifications:
• AWS Solution Architect
• Microsoft Certified Professional– C#
• Microsoft Certified Professional – Web Services
Contact this candidate