STEPHEN LAWRENCE ROVINSKI III
Bear Creek, PA ****2 • 570-***-**** • ad20dv@r.postjobfree.com
GROWTH FOCUSED DIRECTOR SOLUTION ARCHITECTURE
Sr. Manager of Solution Archxitecture • Sales Engineer • Networking Engineer • Solutions Architect Networking • Cybersecurity • Integration & Configuration • Data Localization • Data Management Reduced Latency • Trained & Promoted Staff • Negotiated with Vendors • Procured Equipment Lowered Costs • Led Product Rollouts • Improved Bandwidth • Decreased System Downtime WORK EXPERIENCE
S3 (Stalicca) Contract Dec 2022 – Current
Sr Solutions Architect
● Supports clients with data, cloud-based, VPN, voice, and security-based technical services. Design and implement a full ISP Greenfield Application start to finish.
● Assist sales with new ISP clients seeking design, configuration, and implantation requirements.
● Act as a subject matter expert support Sales with their goals to achieve Success in meeting Goals and requirements.
● Supports clients with data, cloud-based, VPN, voice, and security-based technical services. Design and implement a full ISP Greenfield Application start to finish.
● Upgrade infrastructure from end-of-life switches router. Design, plan and complete migrations
● Support ISIS, MPLS, s2s vpn’smanage ACL’s and objects in switches and FPWR
● Support customer with security, Identifying and addressing security vulnerabilities and mitigate any issuesand
CCI Systems, IronHill, MI Contract Dec 2021 – April Sr Solutions Architect
● Supports clients with data, cloud-based, VPN, voice, and security-based technical services. Design and implement a full ISP Greenfield Application start to finish.
● Assist sales with new ISP clients seeking design, configuration, and implantation requirements.
● Act as a subject matter expert support Sales with their goals to achieve Success in meeting Goals and requirements.
● Supports clients with data, cloud-based, VPN, voice, and security-based technical services. Design and implement a full ISP Greenfield Application start to finish.
●
RCN/Astound, Princeton, NJ 2004 - 2022
Solutions Architect and Partner
Sr Solutions Architect
● Supports clients with data, cloud-based, VPN, voice, and security-based technical services. Design and implement a full ISP Greenfield Application start to finish.
● Assist sales with new ISP clients seeking design, configuration, and implantation requirements.
● Act as a subject matter expert support Sales with their goals to achieve Success in meeting Goals and requirements.
RCN/Astound, Princeton, NJ August 2021 - 2022
Sr Solutions Architect and Partner
● Focus on Sales to provide any type of solution and that made sense to both Customer and our Engineering Team.
● Reduced downtime by 19% through implementation of network performance monitoring.
● Designed and established connectivity for a $2B T-Mobile NYC buildout.
● Created 10Gb, 40Gb, and 100Gb MPLS route-protected ring as well as designing Wave and ROADM, network topology for over 40km segments.
● Partnered cross-functionally with the Product team to test and document new products.
● Subject Matter Expert for strategic accounts such as ESPN, AT&T, NPR, NFL, DOD, WMATA, GW University, Georgetown, Howard University, NFL, WMATA, ATF, TMobile, ESPN, NYU and Nasdaq to start. All these were tied with million Dollar plus accounts.
● Performed all levels of IP troubleshooting and implemented M&Ps.
● Created RFOs, RFP’s, RFI’s and followed up with customers directly.
● Reduced latency by training and promoting Engineers on voice and IP.
● Designed and implemented a greenfield account to a customer and now designing Brownfield to meet their expectations.
● Design, Configure and Deploy, MPLS, SD-WAN, Layer 2 and 3 Protocols on Border, Core and Access Switches and Routers
● Run Active Tickets for Trouble and Customer requirements for network optimization which included their Managed Services.
● Planned and designed SD-Wan solutions for internal and external customers Director of Sales Engineering, System Support and Partner June 2015 - Aug 2021
● Built a high performing team of 25+ Sales Engineers and 20+ Sales Support Techs across the country.
● Managed day-today operations for a $500M+ engineering services business, delivery, execution and staffing with total accountability for financial goals and objectives.
● Directed operations to achieve $1M to 2M in annual sales revenue.
● Decreased costs 25% saving $500,000 per year by leading inventory management and procurement for all carrier and enterprise product sets.
● Reduced costs by $1M per year through design of new network and removal of high-cost hubs.
● As a Partner in Company assisted the Acquisition Team through 5 large company Mergers
● I lead product-based services for substantial company growth along with standardizing the product set across the country.
● Drives and completes month, quarterly and annual operating rhythms and deliverables regarding the strategy, growth, and operation of the business.
● Measured the results of each operating plans, programs, capital, and expense budgets submitted by operating units within the financial analysis.
● Tracked budgets for a 1-Year and 5-Year for planned expansion network requirements.
● Cut clients' network costs by an average of 17% and improved bandwidth by positioning and maintaining AWS Direct Connect and VPC.
● Generated new business by achieving regional fiscal goals on a quarterly and yearly basis.
● Generated new business by achieving regional fiscal goals on a quarterly and yearly basis. By probing and asking questions where they currently see pain points.
● Spearheaded cross-functional initiative to achieve two new product rollouts.
● Designed SD-WAN solutions for both small and large customers in many verticals.
● Designed and configured a multi-million-dollar deal consisting of a 75 node MPLS ring network.
● Partnered with 110+ locations to build robust firewalls using SD-WAN solutions.
● Participated in budget meeting with finance to support opex and capex Enterprise Sales Engineering Manager June 2007 - June 2015
● Supervised team of 15 Sales Engineers and 6 Support Techs.
● Supported sales to achieve 132% and 180% quota in 2014 and 2015.
● Promoted to leadership role in 18 months due to strong performance and organizational impact.
● Served as primary escalation resource for Northeast and Central regions.
● Designed, configured, and implemented customer demarcation devices and backbone equipment for IP and voice Services, leading to sustained growth. Enterprise IP Network Engineer June 2004 - Jun 2012
● Advised leadership and stakeholders on coordination, implementation, and prioritization plans to meet business standards and client requirements.
● Managed MPLS – ISIS network supporting thousands of accounts.
● Developed and implemented improvements for incident and problem management processes.
● Installed, configured, and maintained network services, with voice, data, and media equipment.
● Coordinated/performed technical maintenance and supported highly complex migrations.
● Oversaw RFO creation and customer follow-up.
● Participated in many international conference calls related to design and project planning and the deployment of the new network devices into a live supported environment.
● Completed audits and site surveys of complex datacenter and large telco closets throughout the country. I validated configuration of all data and voice circuits and termination points. Enterprise Voice Network Engineer Jun 2004 - Jun 2007
● Served as Primary Trainer for Sales Engineers and Sales team.
● Planned new products and features for the Sales team to take to market.
● Configured and tested IP and voice for client deployments. EDUCATION
Watchung Hills Regional High School, Warren Township, NJ (88-1992) High School Diploma
LCCC Hanover, PA (7/21-11/22)
Fire Science Degree
TECHNOLOGIES, CERTIFICATIONS, & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT Technologies:
Routing RIPv1, RIPv2, OSPF, BGP, EIGRP, ISIS, MPLS, BGP Peering, Policy Based Routing, Segment Based Routing, SD-WAN, CGN, Load Balancing VRRP and HSRP, QOS – Policing and Shaping, DWDM, VPN, VTP, STP, Optical Transport and Wireless Firewall Cisco ASA Firepower NGFW, Meraki, Juniper, Fortinet, OSPF, SD-WAN, Juniper, Linux, Bash, Scripting, Microsoft Suite, Visio, Windows Server, Mac iOS, Linux, Ciena, Cisco Catalyst Switches, Border Routers, ASR9k, NCS5501, ASA Firepower, Equipment: Cisco, Juniper, Fortinet, SonicWALL, A10,, ASA Firewalls, Telco Systems, Ciena, Cisco Catalyst Switches, Arbor, PBX systems, Avaya IP Office, Cisco, Meta Switch, Aruba, HP, ACME, Metasphere
Cloud Based Applications Cisco Internight and Meraki, Juniper Mist, Fortinet Forticloud, A10, Efficient IP, AWS office 365, process Modeling, Platform, Cloud, Analytics, Automation, Optimization,
Programming : Linux, Shell, CEYX, API, CLI IOS, IOS-XR, JUNOS, Adtran VMware vSphere SD-WAN: Meraki, Aruba, Fortinet, Consultant, Deployment Specialist, Technical Advisor Voice: Meta Switch soft switch, TDM, VOIP, PRI, PBX systems, Grand Stream, Avaya IP Office, Cisco, Meta Switch, Polycom, Cisco Phones
Certifications: Cisco CCDP, CCNP Voice, R&S, Meraki, AWS, Polycom, A10. Fortinet Cloud Based Certification Chasing for certifications: VMWare, vSphere Professional Development: Studying, Cyber Security, AWS Architect and Cisco Service Provider and Data Center
Could Based: Office 365, Forti Gate cloud, Cisco Cloud Computing, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS AWS, Azure, Sheets, Salesforce, vSphere, VMWare Cloud, CGN, DDI, A10, Salesforce, Network Visibility and Monitoring.
Volunteer Work: Volunteer Firefighter for Thornhurst Fire and Rescue. Volunteer, Certified Diver and Rescue, VA Hospital, Supporter Wounded Warriors Foundation and Wreaths Across America, St Judes.
Contact this candidate