MARIKO UBALE
ad21cz@r.postjobfree.com +1-708-***-**** Chicago IL
Summary
With a proven track record of 7 years in cloud computing, storage, and system architecture, I am a dedicated and adaptable AWS Solutions Architect. I have successfully designed, implemented, and overseen cloud infrastructure solutions tailored to diverse business and IT requirements. My collaborative approach has ensured the security, scalability, and reliability of cloud environments, having worked closely with cloud engineers, developers, and stakeholders. I am now eager to take on a challenging role within a dynamic environment, where I can leverage my skills and experiences to drive growth and excellence for the organization and society as a whole.
Skills
· Container management (Kubernetes, Docker)
· Infrastructure as code (Terraform, CloudFormation)
· CI/CD (Jenkins, GitLab, Azure DevOps)
· Programming & Automation (Ansible, Python, NodeJS, Bash)
· AWS SDK (Interacting with AWS services)
· Repository Management (Git, Helm)
Experience
Solutions Architect Bank of Montreal - Schaumburg, IL 02/2022 - Current
Provided a clear path to migrate resources (Web, application, database, file and infrastructure servers) on-prem to cloud by rebuilding machine/recreating an Open Virtualization Archive to be imported into AWS via AMI
Managed AWS services like Elasticache, Lambda, Redshift, and CloudFormation
Established site-to-site VPN between AWS and Azure using Terraform
Created detailed design documents that outlined system architecture, security measures, data models and integration points with other systems.
Led the migration from Oracle to Redshift using Amazon Athena and S3 resulting in an annual cost savings and performance.
Automated microservices deployment with Kubernetes, reducing deployment time.
Deployed containerization solutions such as Docker to improve application portability.
Analyzed existing systems and identified gaps between current system capabilities and customer requirements.
Automated server provisioning using configuration management tools such as Ansible and Chef.
Integrated Kafka into existing microservice architecture to allow event driven data flow.
Designed ETS using stitch for valuable insights into KPI failures for customer’s acquisition.
Defined, built and executed ETL’s to resolve navigation issues.
Created and managed Postgres and SQL server entities for use in data science modelling and reporting.
Cloud Developer Mutual of Omaha - Chicago, IL 06/2020 - 02/2022
Designed secure software solutions and led complex system development using AWS resources, resulting in enhanced data protection and reduced vulnerabilities.
Created automated scripts using python and NodeJS with Jenkins to deploy applications in the cloud environment.
Configured, monitored, and maintained AWS and Azure cloud infrastructure such as virtual machines, networks, and storage.
Integrated Okta for identity management and access security, streamlining user authentication and enhancing system security.
Proficient in deploying and configuring Hyper-V virtual machines for optimal performance.
Experience in managing virtual networks, storage, and snapshots within the Hyper-V environment.
Administered Unix, Linux, Windows servers, optimizing performance and reducing infrastructure costs.
Managed the roll-out of software updates with Ansible across multiple servers in the environment.
Maintained and monitored production environments like Splunk and CloudWatch for high availability, scalability, and performance.
Designed data pipelines to process semi-structured data by integrating raw records.

Junior Cloud Engineer Grubhub - Park Ridge, IL 03/2016 - 02/2019
Configured, monitored, and maintained cloud infrastructure such as virtual machines, networks, and storage.
Performed system administration tasks to maintain high availability of cloud services.
Optimized application performance by monitoring serverless computing platforms like AWS Lambda or Azure Functions.
Configured, managed, and monitored cloud-based services such as AWS EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS using Terraform and Ansible.
Provided company-wide SAP and Active Directory servers.
Implemented Identity Provider (Okta) and integrated with Office 365 and Active Directory.
Analyzed existing applications for performance bottlenecks and implemented solutions to improve scalability.
Implemented systems automation using scripting languages like Python and Bash.
Education and Training
All Saint University Medicine 08/2019
Bachelor of Science: Anesthesiology
Certifications
AWS Solutions Architect – Certified
Bachelor's Degree Graduate Certificate
High School Diploma
Computer Science Cert.
Accomplishments
AWS Migration: Led the successful migration of 3 enterprise applications to AWS.
Software Excellence Award: Recognized for developing a feature that increased customer base and improved application performance by 50%.
Continuous Learning: Regularly attend workshops to stay updated with the latest in software development and cloud solutions.
Excellent communication skills, feels comfortable working with non-technical business partners.
Contact this candidate