Michael D. Russell, CDVP*
Fairview, Texas *****
214-***-****• ad2i6o@r.postjobfree.com• www.linkedin.com/in/mikedrussell Senior Solutions Architect
Multifaceted technical career with 10-year track record of innovation and success Technically sophisticated IT architecture professional with a solid history of effective systems integration of mergers, acquisitions, and new technologies. Broad knowledge and success in a software development environment as well. Proficient in project management, customer interactions, and technical assessments. Skilled trainer and leader, able to direct multiple tasks effectively and master innovative technologies. Possess several professional certifications, including the management of data warehouses in a dynamic environment. Core Competencies:
Full Life Cycle Project Management
Waterfall, Agile, SAFE, Disciplined Agile
Leadership
Client Relationship Management
Enterprise Software & Solution Architecture
Reengineering & Workflow Automation
Specification & RFP Development
Infrastructure Design
PCI Compliance
EDI Solutions
Vendor Relationship Management
Sales Productivity & POC Design
User Training, Documentation, and Support
AWS and Azure cloud services
Professional Experience
Golden Eagle Software, Fairview, Texas 9/2022- Present Owner – Solution Architect
Provide consulting service for a variety of clients.
Designing and developing Logistics processes for Sheer Logistics on a NIFI Docker platform hosted on AWS. Mentoring team on best practices for data management of EDI and SAP document management.
Built out educational projects based on imbedded processor.
Design and stabilize E-commerce platform for client. Improve visibility for products.
Implement Microsoft 365 Business Standard with Teams VOIP. Aspirent, Dallas, Texas (Acquired Saxony Partners) Senior Solution Architect, 12/2021 – 9/2022
Provide consulting service for a variety of clients. Mentor on career guidance and provide quarterly review for Aspirent team. Assist in development of RFP’s.
Key Projects:
GIAlllance – import legacy systems To SnowFlake Environment
Tidel: Design Azure AI system to handle predictive maintenance schedule for cash management equipment.
TexPack Group: Manage Snowflake migration and integration with Fivetran and Denodo.
Intrinsiq: Migration of Urology platform from Co-location to Azure cloud - – Azure SQL, DataBricks Michael D. Russell, CDVP2
Page Two
Saxony Partners, Dallas, Texas
Cloud Data Architect, 9/2021 – 12/2021
Brought on board to design a Azure based real time data warehouse structure to support reporting across multiple financial systems.
Capgemini, Dallas, Texas
Senior Solution Architect, 7/2019 – 9/2021
Provide consulting service for a variety of clients. Mentor on career guidance and provide quarterly review for Capgemini team. Assist in development of RFP’s.
Key Projects:
Virgin Voyages: AWS integration solutions for client resulting in improved analytics of customer preferences.
National Grid: Solution Architecture design for an Azure cloud based Data Vault prototype environment to perform Data Quality and Master Data Management for 5 key systems within the transmission department. Successful completion of project directly lead to new business.
Yum Taco Bell: AWS Solution Architecture for backend reporting system integration of a new point of sale and a SalesForce store service reporting system. Engagement lead for Project. TeschGlobal, Dallas, Texas
Senior Solutions Architect (Contract), 9/2016 – 7/2019, 9/2013 – 12/2014, 7/2008 – 8/2011 Interface with diverse range of clients to provide system architecture solutions including EDI, web applications, Data Vault (data warehousing and standardization), and ecommerce. Mentor client staff on solutions in order to flawlessly exit client projects without requiring on-going support. Provide on-site support during production go-live. Key Projects:
Amazon EU EDIFACT Solution: Standardized the process flow for all of Amazon Europe, resulting in a 60% reduction of the time to place and process orders by automating the transactions.
E-commerce Process Flow: Developed a design that allowed a German retailer to implement new features to a web application with no downtime to online sales. Using this design, the project was completed on time, and 10% under budget while eliminating the manual labor hours of three FTEs.
Blue Cross Data Vault: Developed dynamic data warehousing solution using data vault knowledge gained during certification, data mastering and data quality initiatives were included. The project was developed in an Agile environment to meet changing business requirements without affecting existing data structures or creating Technical Debt.
IWAY B2B Solution for Merger Acquisition: Coty, Inc. purchased several global divisions of P & G – those multiple Fortune 500 retailers required integration into Coty systems. The IWAY solution allowed for the automation or ordering, shipping, and invoicing of all Coty and acquired P & G products to new and current customers.
IWAY Solution Development: Consulted with various clients, such as Zixcorp, Google, Wellmed and Medica, among others, to provide system integration within differing environments.
Managed development teams in Mexico and Michigan. Project management activities included providing project timelines, milestone reporting, daily and weekly team meetings, issue resolution, process and system testing, training, system cut over, post implementation support, budgeting, contractor roll off, and project transition to client.
EDI Process/HIPPA Guidelines: Developed system and threshold monitoring design for healthcare Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) process flow that met Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
(HIPPA) guidelines, allowing the customer to identify issues in minutes instead of days. Michael D. Russell, CDVP2
Page Two
Personal Credit Card Information (PCI) IT Compliance: Led PCI audit for the US Coast Guard, resulting in the upgrade of the network and security infrastructure to protect from potential cyber and identity theft. The network upgrade required enhancing multiple nationwide domains, and migrating from MS NT platform to Active Directory infrastructure within a highly regulated environment. Increased network availability by providing network redundancy.
SEEBURGER AG, Atlanta, Georgia
Senior Solutions Architect, 1/2015 – 9/2016
Consulted with clients to develop SEEBURGER EDI and Logistic processes for Best Buy, Butterball, Monster Energy, Dune Industries, Medline and Xcel Energy. Supported sales productivity and deal flow and secured the “technical close” in complex solutions by collaborating with sales, service, engineering, and technical support resources to ensure proposed deals included technical solutions that accurately addressed customer needs, and were supported by key customer technical decision-makers. Wrote RFPs, designed POC’s and provided technical support for company sales, resulting in several multi-year system sales.
Claimsnet.com, Dallas, Texas
Implementation Manager, 8/2011 – 7/2013, 3/2004 – 7/2008 Managed special projects, oversaw timelines, reported status, led weekly team meetings, resolved issues, supervised testing and system cutover, provided post-implementation support, and controlled department budget. Hired and managed staff, conducted performance reviews, mentored and trained team members, and provided career guidance. Managed all employees except the CEO, CIO and Lead Programmer. Key Achievements:
Efforts resulted in 160% revenue growth (100% growth each year for the next two years) for company during the first year.
Served as the HIPAA Security Official and Subject Matter Expert for Electronic Healthcare Network Accreditation Commission (EHNAC) Security Certification.
Vendor Manager: Negotiated a 30% cost reduction in telecommunication services, while increasing service reliability and volume.
EDI Claims Processing and Routing: Managed teams of up to 10 resources in the implementation of EDI claims processing and routing for health providers, hospitals, repricing institutions, clearinghouses and insurance providers.
Implemented and managed SFTP and FTP servers. Cross trained customer service team on SFTP/FTP implementations.
Redesigned and deployed network infrastructure to include multiple geographic locations for HIPAA and EHNAC compliance.
Identified new sales opportunities, provided sales and pre-sales support.
Provided customer support, working with all levels of client management. Technical Proficiencies
Project
Management:
Agile, SAFE, Disciplined Agile, Waterfall
Tools: Data Vault 2.0, NIFI, Iway, Talend, WhereScape, Seeburger, Matillion, Informatica, Snowflake, SAP, Tomcat, LDAP, VMware, Jira, Jenkins, Github, AWS EC2, AWS s3, AWS Workspaces, XMLSpy, SoapUI, VMware Horizon, Azure Blob, Azure SQL, TEAMS, Zoom Michael D. Russell, CDVP2
Page Two
Applications: Microsoft Office, DBeaver, Oxygen.
Database
Administration:
Oracle: SQL and PL/SQL, SQL Server: Enterprise Manager, SQL Query, Stored Procedures. SnowFlake, AZURE: Azure SQL AWS: Hadoop, Spark, Redshift Education and Credentials
Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology
University of Houston, Houston, Texas
Certifications
Certified Data Vault 2.0 Practitioner (CDVP2)
Harvard Connected Manager
WhereScape Red Certified
Contact this candidate