Daniel D. Say, CISA
ad2uqt@r.postjobfree.com
(***) *** – 4689

Seasoned analytical and technical engineer with diversified IT experience. Proven expert in enterprise-wide information security, large networks, systems infrastructure, high-volume transactional systems, data centers, e-business configuration, technical presentation, and information systems architecture, as well as overseeing technical vision and planning.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Security: Intrusion detection and prevention, endpoint security, data loss prevention, managed security monitoring, encryption, web security, system hardening, EDR, SIEM, security operation centers (SOC)
Networking: TCP/IP, IPX, DNS, SMTP, SNMP, Routing Protocols, Internet Access
Secure Access Control/VPN: Firewalls, Proxy based firewalls, NAT, Proxy Servers, DES, IPSec, Network-based Intrusion Prevention
Cloud: Azure, Google, and AWS
E-commerce: SSL/XML acceleration and redirection, layer 4-7 load balancing, cloud-based design of web and business presence

EXPERIENCE OVERVIEW
Technical Leader & Mentor: Global Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for all security monitoring products for HE/DXC. Guided and trained system architects worldwide in the design and implementation of security monitoring offering using ArcSight SIEM.
Change Initiator: Designed technology roadmap to upgrade corporate production Sun Solaris systems. Secured funding for $7 Million server architecture upgrade, and successfully installed new hardware and software while maintaining continuity of business.
Planner: Developed and implemented information systems strategy and e-commerce strategy. Comprehensive new design included high availability features, driving improved performance and systems availability.
Technologist & Architect: Designed and implemented a carrier grade Internet connection for the enterprise. Achieved five nine up time (99.999%) without compromising network security requirements.
Sales Technologist: Designed, sold, and implemented a private security operations center which generated $26 Million overs 3 years. Produced statement of work (SOW), aligned service level agreements (SLA), and obtained approval from internal stakeholders (legal, sales, and operations teams).
CAREER EXPERIENCE
Senior Security Solutions Architect Atos
May 2021 – August 2023
Drove business expansion and closed major sales deals by providing sales and technical expertise across the product portfolio. Met with customers and proposed security services offered by Atos/Eviden. Designed and managed security solutions to meet customers’ requirements.

Solutions Architect Zyston
Nov 2020 – May 2021
Pre-sales technical support engineer focused on supporting Zyston customer base. Supported US sales team as their technical resource. Worked with partners and potential clients. Served as a trusted advisor for customer base. Managed and ran product demonstrations as well as POC’s.

Sr. Solution Architect Broadcom/Symantec
Aug 2018 – July 2020
Pre-sales technical support engineer supporting large Symantec partners and US-based sales team. Worked with partners to develop and market joint offerings, trained partners, and partners’ customers when necessary, and was a trusted advisor for partners’ internal and external needs. Drove design and implementation of new product offerings for partners. Developed joint offerings with partner product managers.

Senior Security Solutions Architect DXC/HP Enterprise Security Services
May 2013 – Aug 2018
Drove business expansion and closed major sales deals by providing sales and technical expertise across the product portfolio. Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for security monitoring product worldwide.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering
The University of Oklahoma, Norman, Oklahoma.

Bachelor of Science, Petroleum Engineering
The University of Oklahoma, Norman, Oklahoma.
Contact this candidate