254-***-****
Leander, TX *****
ad32vb@r.postjobfree.com
Michael A. Bradfield
Experience
**/**/** - */**/24 Atmosera Beaverton, OR
Senior Azure Solutions Architect
● Working for a leading Microsoft Azure Gold Partner with solution offerings across Application Innovation, Advanced Data & AI, DevOps and Cloud Infrastructure, and Managed Services. Also heavily involved in the Dev/Ops area of GitHub Enterprise Cloud Migrations and GitHub Copilot adoption solutions. I strive to drive our customers' most strategic Azure solutions across their environments. In addition, I advise clients and translate business requirements into designs for Azure solutions that align with the Azure Well-Architected Framework, and the Cloud Adoption Framework.
9/2021 - 12/2022 2nd Watch Seattle, WA
Senior Solutions Architect
● Working with Account Executives to provide technical direction for clients with their cloud journey. Specialties include Application Modernization migrations, Data and Analytics, and AWS MAP program solutions. Assisted several clients with moving from on premise to AWS, as well as GCP and Azure to AWS. In addition to Pre-Sales Solution Architecture, provide assistance to the PMO and Delivery teams to make our solutions successful. 11/2018 - 9/2021 Onix Networking Cleveland, OH
Senior Solutions Architect
● Lead strategic cloud discovery session to help customers understand the value of public cloud and how to position it within their organization. Proactively help customers address all technical issues that may arise throughout the entire pre-sales cycle. Quickly architect sound cloud solutions in GCP and AWS to radically different customer environments. In depth understanding and the ability to demonstrate expertise in designing, deploying, and maintaining Cloud and Hybrid Cloud environments. Review and analyze customer architecture at the domain and product level and translate and evolve them into cloud infrastructure designs and implementations. Presented demonstrations at AWS events on Infrastructure as Code, Security, and Serverless (Lambda). Presented customer demonstrations on the GCP console, as well as workshops on GCP Cost Control. 8/2017 - 11/2018 SHI International Austin, TX
Cloud Solutions Architect
● Design and implement in the cloud platform and related technologies including Server infrastructure, Windows Server, SQL Server, Multi Factor Authentication, AWS Directory Services, Azure AD, Backup and Recovery, Archiving, and Application Migrations.
● Technical lead and subject matter expert on projects and workshops, overseeing the work of others and being accountable for the outcome of the project.
● Assist sales team in identifying and closing opportunities through customer meetings and presentations.
8/2013 – 8/2017 Xerox/Atos Austin, TX
Enterprise / Cloud Architect
● Create and Design Technical Solutions for the Texas Department of Information
● Resources using on premise, AWS, and Azure platforms.
● Atos Enterprise Architect for all new services, Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure for the State of Texas (DIR - Department of Information Resources).
● Routinely met with agency CIO’s to discuss and sell product offerings.
● Created and implemented production solutions moving workloads from on premises to the AWS cloud.
● Complex solutions in AWS that included setting up HA Proxy servers, load balancing, multiple EC2 instances, RDS Oracle instances, S3 buckets, and converting the customer from DynTM to Route53. This also involved the specialized Zadara cloud storage system.
● Created the production billing process in AWS using a Redshift Data Warehouse with SQL Workbench/J.
● IAM administrator responsible for creating users/groups/roles and all other identity management tasks in AWS.
● Work with state agencies for cost analysis using on premises pricing versus cloud with TCO tools in Azure and AWS.
● Work with the Enterprise team on our Hybrid Cloud solution to implement the Enterprise Service Bus automation (Mulesoft) with Cloud Formation templates.
● AD administrator responsible for user, account, department and subscription creation in Azure.
● Created VPN and Express Routes for tenant connectivity to Azure.
● Worked with lead Network Engineer and Chief Technologist to create an overlay network on Azure and AWS (Virtual Data Centers).
● Assisted Operations with creating custom build virtual machine templates in Azure and AWS.
● Created several Windows and Linux servers in Azure for various users.
● Built and administered Windows Domain Controllers in Azure.
● Completed GCP (Google) account setup for Atos.
● Architecture consultant, advisor, and liaison between State of Texas Government agencies and third party managed services providers.
● Main architect and leader for guidance to the Solution Architects, Enterprise Architects, Project Management, and Operations towers.
● Drive and take technical ownership of large and/or complex computer systems for shaping the path of migration from the Government Legacy data Centers into the Texas State Consolidated Data Centers, AWS and Azure public Cloud platforms. Beat legislative bound consolidation goal of 70%. Total server consolidation rate ended at 82%.
● Clear and concise articulation, presentation, and documentation of technical opportunities, constraints, recommendations, and action items to both internal and external audiences using Visio, Adobe, and Excel, Remedy and ITIL processes. 2007 – 2013 Citibank Georgetown, TX
Vice President, Data Center Physical Provisioning
● Manage and control all data center floor space related to acceptance, placement, and installation of all computer hardware and cabinets.
● Analysis and procurement of all fiber and copper infrastructure modules, cassettes and trunks for the data center.
● Work directly with the SAN team to ensure proper capacity for all infrastructure and capacity needs are met for FICON and multimode fiber installations.
● Hardware installations include IBM Z9, Z10, Z196, P780, P795 mainframes, STK tape silos, IBM Shark DASD, Hitachi HDS DASD, EMC VMAX DASD, EMC 9513 SAN switches, Cisco Routers, VMware IBM x3850s, IBM HS22v blade servers, HP DL980s, and over 300 HP C7000 blade enclosures.
● Manage staff for all duties related to inventory control and hardware assets.
● Database management, shipping and receiving logistics, and coordination of desktop support.
● Ensure compliance and enforce rules, standards and best practices.
● Maintain an active lead role in the change management process.
● Administer server peripheral installs including disk drives, network interface cards, HBA cards, SFPs and memory to reduce need for vendor installs to further increase cost savings. 1997-2007 Citigroup Westlake, TX
Director, Production Operations
● Managed data center staff of 40.
● Responsible for 3,000 devices including Stand Alone systems, AS/400s, UNIX and Intel servers and STK Storage, AS/400, and Midrange tape operations.
● Managed Level One communications technicians responsible for the monitoring, diagnosis, troubleshooting and problem resolution within the WAN environment.
● Met with the CEO and successfully presented a plan for the conversion of part-time employees to full-time, and the introduction of using contract-to-hire employees. Programming Tools:
● Python, PowerShell, JSON, Bash
Certifications:
● AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF) – (Validation Number 389389905)
● AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate (Validation Number DE59DKB2KFR4119Z)
● AWS Certified Developer - Associate (DVA) (Validation Number B1SFYCXK1NRQ13WR)
● Google Cloud Certified Associate Cloud Engineer (https://www.credential.net/3lcl8hoe)
● LPI Linux Essentials Certification (LPI000389771 - Validation Number 894715594)
● Microsoft MCP - Exam 533: Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions
(Credential ID G935-6766)
● Microsoft AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals - MCID:15506686 (December 17, 2022)
● Microsoft DP-900 Azure Data Fundamentals - Credential ID: EAE876F39FC5B27D (February 3, 2024)
Contact this candidate