Prateek Sharma *** Frontenac Cres
Email: ad34pa@r.postjobfree.com Woodstock, ON
519-***-**** N4V 0A9

Skills and Accomplishments
Proficient with all modern Operating Systems (Windows, Mac & Linux)
Extensive experience with Linux distributions including Ubuntu, Arch, Debian and RedHat
Solid experience with Networking Technologies such as TCP/IP, vPC, Spanning Tree and VRF’s
Deep knowledge of hardware programming as well as designing and building microcomputers
Microchips include but not limited to: Texas Instruments Microcontrollers, Raspberry Pi, Atmel Series, Freescale Semiconductors, Arm Cortex Series etc.
Programming experience with common languages: HTML, Perl, Java, Visual Basic, C, C++, C#, Apache, pHp, Python, Microsoft SQL, MySQL etc.
Professional Experience
Royal Bank of Canada April 2017 - Present
Global Planning Manager
Data Centre Infrastructure & Strategy
Guelph, Stratford & Toronto ON (40 Hours Per Week)

Align to the organization’s IT strategies, deliver operational excellence and deploy best in class data centre solutions
DCS relationship manager for fulfillment workflows, issue resolution and enhancements
Responsible for creation of metrics for success measurements of hardware onboarding
Responsible for supporting raised floor infrastructure of Regional Data Centres & critical sites
Lead for ServiceNow workflow solutions and development to maintain overall mandate for simplification and automation.
Accountable for logic documentation of DCS workflow solutions
Accountable for the development and maintenance of co-location services framework, inclusive of design, implementation, delivery and operational support.
Facilitate the creation and on-going maintenance of processes and procedures to be utilized within Canada Regional & co-location sites supporting GTI activities.
Evaluate customer requirements and proposed solutions to enable service delivery supporting day to day operations and Programs interfacing with RBC stakeholders & trusted service provider.
Manage trusted service provider operations (communications cabling infrastructure and labour) supporting the co-locations, enterprise Data Centres, and critical sites utilizing defined metrics.
Oversee Canada operations and consistent service delivery globally including ITFM Audit, standards and compliance.
Accountable for co-location & critical sites access controls and audit processes.
Oversee and manage ServiceNow catalog development for all physical changes within data centres and Co-Locations globally
Lead administration module of DCIM (Nlyte) front-end controls for user groups, creation and assignment, multi-level access controls and custom developed SQL reporting

Use of Time: 70% Development, 15% Maintenance & Support, 15% Research & Implementation
Technical Environment: Windows 10, Microsoft Server 2008 & 2012, Microsoft SQL 2008, MS Exchange 2008, Nlyte, uCMDB, CMAP, HPAM, IIPM, ServiceNow (myMarketPlace)

Royal Bank of Canada (Procom) July 2016 – April 2017 (Contract)
Technical Service Analyst
Guelph & Stratford ON (37.5 Hours Per Week)

Provided full physical support to all server related assets mounted at the above data centers – while utilizing the Nlyte workflow and processes
This included, mounting, decommissioning and scrubbing.
All cabling and labelling of assets were performed while adhering to standard practices of both locations.
Performed various audits of the data center facilities – caged inventory, physical card connections and their accuracy within the Nlyte database, physical location and mounted elevations, asset label accuracy etc.
Currently undergoing initial phases of a Legacy Refresh Project which involves the physical and network layer restructuring of the Legacy Data Hall at the Guelph RBC data center location.
Current project involved: large scale audit of the legacy hall, identification and validation of all server related assets that pertained to the project, heavily involved Excel-based VBA scripting to organize, consolidate and validate server data from various different databases that exist within the RBC organization.
Assisted ITFM department with various auditing and building of materials/cabinets/servers within the Nlyte database.

Use of Time: 50% Development, 30% Maintenance & Support, 20% Research & Implementation
Technical Environment: Windows 7, Microsoft Server 2008 & 2012, Microsoft SQL 2008, Ubuntu Server, CentOS, Debian, Redhet Enterprise, MS Exchange 2008, Nlyte, uCMDB, CMAP, HPAM, IIPM

Fernlea Flowers Ltd. February 2016 – June 2016
IT Engineer, Delhi ON (40 Hours Per Week)

Provided full support for all IT-related items within the corporation – over 100 active user accounts
Support services include but not limited to:
Full Windows support, as well as Windows & Linux servers running mostly through Hyper-V.
Company-wide VPN including access and support for all three Fernlea locations (Delhi, ON as well as Stuart & Homestead locations in Florida)
Networking tools utilized such as WireShark and Spiceworks.
Network setup for additional offices including Ethernet wiring, switch and router configuration as well as rack-mounted server setups
Company phone system servicing and expansion of Panasonic-based PBX Hybrid system - including both digital and analog lines
Custom application design for microcomputers (Raspberry Pi etc.) and main company server
Timeclock punch card software storing main database on SQL Server – including custom triggers and procedures for company-wide implementation
Raspberry Pi-based streaming server for driver training video
Security monitoring of site IP surveillance cameras on custom Banana Pi application
New hardware setup and configuration such as – new PC’s, network expansion, server expansion, large multi-function printers etc.
Maintenance and tracking of up to 9 on-site servers
VXLAN optimization
Full SNMP setup and monitoring
Company mail server – including wide-scale spam filtering
In-house designed Truck fleet management app – GPS, invoicing, logging etc.
Many scripts and functions designed for custom triggering and applications (.bat .vbs .py etc.)

Use of Time: 50% Maintenance & Support, 40% Development 10% Research & Implementation
Technical Environment: Windows XP, 7 & 10, Microsoft Server 2008, Microsoft SQL 2008, Ubuntu Server, CentOS, Debian, Hyper-V, Panasonic PBX, Spiceworks Network Monitoring, MS Exchange 2007, Appx ERP Software, WireShark, Dell SonicWorks

Additional Hardware & Software Experience (Hobbies)
Fully coded, designed, built and developed small autonomous robot in C utilizing Bluetooth protocol, onboard camera and sensors – with two highly functional servo motors for mobility.
Designed, built and developed Mobile Car PC with full network functionality.
Designed and built a full DC-DC automotive power supply with battery crank sensing to run Atom-based computer board.
CarPC is fully functional with OBD-II protocol for advanced vehicle information as well emergency code identification and clearance
Currently designing and developing Autonomous Smart home using the openHAB developer API
Includes wall-mounted tablets (on each floor) for full light control, security alarm system integration, garage door, all smart TV’s, anything compatible with the REST API
Designed and built night-vision cameras up to IPX7 standards for home surveillance
Code development is done over Java, Perl, C, Python and MySQL
Currently interfacing and designing full Voice module with TTS and STT for a more natural and fluid experience
Using Jasper library for voice recognition and currently developing an intelligent response algorithm with the ability to learn from queries and response – coding done entirely in C#
Designed and built a Raspberry Pi – powered automated cat feeder with automated locks on feeding dishes utilizing both RFID & NFC tags placed on both cat’s collars. This is to effectively prevent one cat from eating another’s food.
Currently developing and building automated blinds and curtains (using a Raspberry Pi) to interface with openHAB automation.

Education
Conestoga College (Doon Campus), Computer Engineering Technology
Kitchener, ON

University of Guelph Bachelor of Science, Biological Sciences Guelph, ON

Owen Sound Collegiate & Vocational Institute Ontario Secondary School Diploma
Owen Sound, ON

References & Source Code available upon request
Contact this candidate