Milan Mehta ad3reg@r.postjobfree.com 425-***-****
PROFILE
Technology leader with 20+ years driving transformational Data+AI engineering, architecture, and advanced analytics strategies. Leverage a strong background in Big Data, ML and AI technologies to automate workflows, architect solutions, instill innovation, and achieve operational excellence. Leading cross-functional teams and developing top-performing engineers to deliver strategic initiatives.
Data & Analytics: Architected petabyte-scale volumes of big data analytics for batch, interactive, and streaming workloads. Developed a $15M translucent data solution for over 800 million IDs.
Trained and deployed AI based models for predictive data-ops queries and maintenance. 30% gains in productivity and 20% increase in uptime. The technology stack includes Open AI APIs, private LLaMA, Vertex AI, Explorium, AWS Bedrock with Graviton processors, Pinecone, Milvus, Chroma vector dbs.
Technical Leadership: Deployed hybrid on-premises and public cloud storage services, microservices, ML & AI architecture, innovated the design for connected components and entity resolution services with a 5-millisecond response time.
Deployments in the Identity Security and Access, Communications, Media, e-commerce, Mobile, Cloud, Supply Chain, Finance and Retail functions.
Executive Leadership: Formed teams of Data Engineers, Security Architects, Data Scientists, Product and Program Managers, and Quality Engineers. Guided a team with more than 100 members distributed across 3 continents. Drive several complex portfolios of programs to meet the business goals to support the strategic vision. A mentor and trusted advisor. Hire, encourage and cultivate thought leadership and cross-team collaboration in a safe inclusive environment.
Manage global stakeholder relationships including experiments, sandboxes, vendors, and budgets.
Areas of Expertise: Enterprise & Data Architecture AI & ML Business Data Roadmaps Data-Ops, ML-ops Master Data Management IT Budgets, Policies & Performance Improvements Org Design & Development ETL, ELT, Reverse ETL Agile Program & Project Management Client facing roles Service Design Capacity planning
Technical Strengths: Data Warehouse & BI Applications Big Data & Hadoop Spark, Kafka, Flink, Snowflake, Couchbase & Single Store (MemSQL) SQL & NOSQL DBs Stream Analytics DDD Data Mesh & Fabric Docker & K8s Microservices Low Latency & Edge computing Data-Lakehouse Tech Data Engineering, Data Analytics, Data Pipelines AWS, Azure, GCP & Multi-Cloud
CORE COMPETENCIES CERTIFICATIONS
Directing, mentoring, and leading tech initiatives.
Strategic planning, Technical and thought leadership.
Multi-cloud, Microservices, Big-data, Gen-AI platforms
AI /ML, Analytics, Enterprise, Tech, Data Architectures, Patterns, Frameworks, Methodologies.
Data Warehouse appliances, BI applications. GraphQL
Budgets, priorities, policies, procedures, standards, and overall IT Performance Improvement

Patent: https://patentcenter.uspto.gov/applications/17062470
Carnegie-Mellon /SEI: Software Architect Professional
IBM: Advanced Database administration
Oracle: Certified Database Associate
Cloudera Certified Hadoop Admin
Databricks Apache Spark, Gen-AI fundamentals
EDUCATION
West Texas A&M: MBA
Carnegie Mellon: Software Architecture
Gujarat State University, India –
Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science & Engineering)
EXPERIENCE
Senior Director, Sr Principal Architect Okta Oct 2022 – Current
Create, track and drive data & AI strategy - influence product strategy and investment decisions with data.
Responsible for everything Data: Infra, Governance, AI/ML, Products, Programs and Solutions – Consume, Store, Analyze and gain insights to the organization’s competitive advantage.
Provide target state EA, gap analyses, data quality, consistency, security & information architecture roadmap.
Influence core architectural, security and technology decisions. Lead executive committee meetings with stakeholders to drive key decisions, remove obstacles, evaluating trade-offs and address key program issues.
Design, develop, deploy, and maintain data pipelines and AI capabilities for business stakeholders & customers.
Align and manage upward with strategy, OKRs and key business outcomes with executive leaders and partners.
Discover, define, and build tech-stack, data modeling and architectural standards with best-in-class solutions.
Collaborate closely with Product, Engineering, and Program Mgmt. to prioritize initiatives related to data products in cross-functional delivery team using RAPID and RICE+, SDLC, Agile, Scrum and SAFe.
Partner with legal, security and compliance team to identify IT-related risks, revenue, compliance, and growth risks.
Define, instrument, and monitor KPI and analytics insights for company products and services, along with the key corresponding competitor products. (Okta vs Entra)
Lead business and product strategy sessions with various verticals (Finance, Sales, GTM, HR, R&D, and others).
Experienced with Salesforce (SFDC, SMDC), Zuora, Coupa, Clari, Anaplan and other data providers.
Lead ML-ops, engineering, and product management teams to craft the Data + AI strategy in an inclusive, safe culture.
Create hypotheses and rigorous analytical approaches, methodologies, to prove them with Data and AI.
Manage teams for experimentations: design, analyze, and facilitate A/B and multivariate testing to leverage AI.
Implement methodologies to optimize portals, apps and product performance (Optimizely, Launch Darkly)
Design and lead Gen AI integrations with EA capabilities and customer facing products.
Leading EA, data governance, process management, and framework building across enterprise.
Deliver value with hands on Python and cloud solutions, data driven use cases and support for business users.

Senior Director, Sr Principal Architect Twilio July ’21 – Oct ‘22
Brought on as an Architect and additional responsibility to lead the team as a director, leading a team of 50+ engineers, Data Scientists, and program managers. Designed and managed platforms and applications to foster company growth in M&A and CPaaS, reduce technical debt, and ensure scalability for hypergrowth over 5 years.
Oversee data end-to-end, from Infrastructure to AI/ML and engineering and Products, programs, and strategy.
Team Leadership: Restructured the team to align with business units while creating a culture of openness, safety, and respect, allowing team members to share different perspectives and ideas.
oReduced attrition to less than 10% and earned an NPS of over 90 for job satisfaction and trust in leadership.
oGuided the team in delivering major initiatives, achieving 99.99% uptime, and providing executive reporting dashboards to strengthen data reporting for the company.
Program Innovation: Launched a hackathon program that offered employees opportunities, rewards, and recognition for work on innovative projects.
oIncreased employee engagement and innovation while boosting performance with a 50% reduction in support queries and complaints.
oInitiatives with AI solutions related to smart processing and process mining and automation powered by ML.
Enterprise Strategy: Directed strategy, mapping requirements with roadmaps & end-to-end execution.
oImplemented distributed data frameworks with microservices for a cloud-first, server-less data lake platform built on multiple AWS services and leveraged ML & AI capabilities.
oCreated and optimized data pipelines and data integrations using Azure Data Factory and AWS Glue, TensorFlow.
oDeveloped near real time data systems using Cassandra and Presto to support low-latency and high-speed querying.
oCreated a technology roadmap to align with the product and organizational objectives.
oLead and engage in Scrum rituals and Agile ceremonies, measure committed vs completed and other metrics to determine velocity of delivery.
Director & Principal Architect Hulu June- ’18 – July ‘21.
Recruited to lead teams across Architecture, Data Engineering, Quality Engineering, DevOps, and Product Management to roll out feature sets and products. Directly managed a team of 15+ Architects and Engineers while mentoring the team to develop a streaming media framework. Architected various platforms and oversaw application through deployment.
Enterprise Data Engineering Solutions Uncovered alternatives to measure viewer engagement to reduce costs, implementation difficulties, and platform challenges for Data Engineers and Business Analysts.
Introduced and deployed a time-series database solution, saving the company ~$100K per full database refresh, with an overall cost reduction of $1-2M.
Obtained a patent for the solution—finding viewer behaviors for media streaming choices to optimize compute, storage, engagement, and content curation.
Project & Program Management: Directed 3 parallel initiatives to understand customer needs, deploy data-smart content and device management solutions, and improve the effectiveness of recommendations.
Reduced customer service-related complaints by 35-40% and grew engagement numbers by 10-15% YoY.
Eliminated a threat to viewer experiences, increasing customer retention and saving $20M+ in potential costs.
Data Architecture: Developed comprehensive architectures involving Hadoop clusters on-premises and in-cloud using AWS and GCP ecosystems, drove seamless integration for analytical and data science use cases.
oBuilt frameworks, archetypes, and architectural patterns for large-scale streaming media data to support business and operational analytics and AI/ML stakeholders.
oDeployed 20+ petabytes of data across 2 regions for failover and resiliency and facilitated AWS integration with on-prem Hadoop secure cluster to comply with SOX, GDPR, and CCPA regulatory requirements.
oLeveraged expertise in data governance and quality to support data cleansing, data transformation, data translucency, data deduping, micro-batching, and meta-data and master data management.
oSetup best practices for onboarding and offboarding users of digital asset management (DAM) solutions.
oManage standards for the classification of assets for all tools as a singular Global Data model.
oEvaluate the Global metadata model regularly for adjustments and additions per business needs.

Senior Leader & Architect eBay Inc. Oct. ’13 – June ’18.
Big Data, Graphs, Identity & Online Services
Joined the senior leadership team to direct full life cycles of Hadoop solutions, including technical architecture design, platform selection, application design and development, testing, and deployment. Built frameworks, guiding principles, and architectural patterns for graphs. Mentored a team of DevOps engineers to build a web-based product using RESTful APIs, in-memory persistence, and streaming technologies.
Data Management: Created an initiative to identify persons and their devices across the siloed companies, increasing identity resolution and effective advertising by 5-10% and the bottom line by $5M.
oServed 5 use cases: customer service (CRM), marketing cross-sell and up-sell, fraud, risk, and trust, advertisement effectiveness, and product management portfolio improvement.
Data Architecture: Developed unified data architecture involving Hadoop clusters, Teradata, and other RDBMS and led solutions architecture by providing insights and guidance with business outcomes.
oCrafted strategies that maximized the value of the data and worked with data scientists to leverage big-data insights across the unified architecture of a petabyte-scale Hadoop environment.
oArchitected one of the most automated and streamlined frameworks in the industry using data translucency in Teradata, Hadoop, and Oracle and near real-time low latency persistence using Couchbase.
oHelp data-scientists to use unified architecture of Petabyte scale Hadoop environment and hundreds of Terabytes’ size Teradata DW. Near Real Time and micro-batch Services catering Risk, trust, safety, targeting, behavior analytics, finance and CRM using Machine learning, transitive closure, entity resolution and graph db.
oCoordinated simultaneous releases of enterprise e-commerce Services, Marketing, Search, Paid Social, Customer Service, Trust, Fraud and Risk and Financial back-office automation products.
Specialties: Graphs, Graph DB, Giraph, Spark, HBase, Hive, Pig, SCRUM, SOA, SOAP, REST, CQRS, OData.
Sqoop, zookeeper, yarn, Cassandra, NoSQL, MongoDB, Couchbase, Storm, Kafka, Apache Ignite, Apache Kudu.

Global Leader, DW/BI Architect Microsoft April ’11 – October ‘13.
Directed a technical team of 2 Architects, 10 Developers, 3 SDETs, 2 Technical Writers, 2 System Analysts, 1 Project Manager, and offshore teams to build and deploy quality customized products, comply with regulatory requirements, fulfill all levels of the SDLC, clear quarterly audits, and certify enhancements.

Drove the strategy, development, and implementation of enterprise data warehousing and analytics capabilities with high degree of cross-functional participation, coordination, and negotiation skills to deliver on the initiatives.

Created business case for a multi-year BI strategy and roadmap that define, track and report accrued value (ROI of BI) through optimal application of IT to business challenges and best practices architecture.

• BI & Data Solutions: Rolled out global BI architecting solutions that leverage Microsoft’s technology stack and heterogeneous IT environments across 4 global operating centers.
o Conceptualized, strategized, presented, and deployed end-to-end ecosystem while managing data quality, master data, and meta-data management, as well as data governance aspects of architecture.

Previous roles as a Sr. Architect and Principal Engineer, developing data solutions to migrate ETL and analytical workloads.
TECH STACK
Methodologies & Standards
Agile, Scrum, SAFe, RUP, JAD, BPMN, DMN, Process Automation,
TOGAF, ATAM, Zachman, FEAF, DoDAF, Object Modeling with UML, SOA, SOAP, REST, WSDL, CQRS, OData, Oauth, SAML, SASL, Kimball, Inmon
Languages & Development Tools
Pig, Hive, Python, PySpark, Storm, Kafka PL/pgSQL, Scala, SQL, T-SQL, Perl, Shell scripts, Power-Shell, XML, Flume, Sqoop, YARN, Docker, Kubernetes
Data Platforms
Data Bricks, Snowflake, Presto, Oracle, DB2-UDB, Teradata, SQL Server, MySQL, HBase, Cassandra, Mongo DB, Couch Base, MEMSQL, Presto, Redshift, Athena, Aurora, Dynamo, Apache Drill, Snowpark, Streamlit, Postgres, Data Mesh, Azure SQLDB, Salesforce (SFDC)
Commercial Software

Cloud Platforms
Erwin, Idera ER/Studio, DB Artisan, Sybase Power Designer, Informatica Power Center, Power Mart, Business Objects, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, UML, sqlDBM, Draw.io, Fivetran, dbt, PowerBI, Tableau, Looker, Airflow, Kafka, Splunk, DataDog, Elastic, Matik, Polytomic
AWS, GCP, Azure ecosystems. ADLS, Azure Data Factory, Synapse, Cosmos, Data Fabric, Big Query and public, private, multi-cloud, hybrid-cloud expertise, AWS EC2, AWS S3, EMR
Contact this candidate