KAVITHA ALURI
ad3t7g@r.postjobfree.com
+1-913-***-****

Summary:
Certified AWS Associate Solutions Architect.
Experience of using various AWS services like EC2, S3, Amazon RDS DB services, EBS volumes, Snapshots, Cloud Formation, VPC, Lambda, Cloud Watch, KMS, IAM, Route53.
Experience of SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS concepts of cloud computing architecture and Implementation using AWS, Azure.
Knowledge of various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Caching, Azure SQL, NoSQL, Storage, and Network services
Experience of Cloud and orchestrated cloud infrastructure using Terraform, CloudFormation, and Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates.
Experience in designing and deploying multiple applications utilizing almost all the AWS stack (Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, and IAM)
Experience in developing various web based applications using Hibernate 5.0 and Spring, Spring Boot, Micro Services frameworks
Familiar with Application servers and web servers like BEA Web Logic, IBM Web Sphere and Apache Tomcat.
Experience in developing J2EE web applications using Object Relational Mapping (ORM) frameworks including Hibernate 3.1.
Experience in developing web services using SOAP and Restful web services.

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems
Windows, Linux(RHEL), CentOS, Ubuntu,
Cloud Computing
AWS (EC2, ELB, S3, Cloud formations), Azure
CI Tools
Jenkins
Version Control
GIT, GitHub
Network Protocols
FTP, SSH, HTTP, TCP/IP, HTTPS.
Build Tools
Maven
Application/Web Servers
Apache Tomcat
Languages/Scripting
Power Shell Scripting, Python, Java 1.8, SQL
Java/J2EE Skills
JSP, ServletsORM (Hibernate), CVS, Spring,Spring boot,

Experience:
Prudential, Charlotte NC
Software Engineer Jan 2023 – Till Date
Responsibilities:
Involved in Analysis, Design, Development, Integration and Testing of application modules.
Worked closely with Business analyst to understand the current process.
High level and low level designing using best practices and techniques of J2EE.
Developed Activity diagram, Sequence diagrams and Use case diagrams.
Designed web pages using JSP, Struts, XSL, HTML, DHTML, AJAX and client side validation with JavaScript
Developed Session and Entity beans for encoding the business logic and handling different transactions.
Extensively worked on spring framework for developing the control logic and interacts with Domain.
Involved in various components in the application framework using design patterns like Session Façade,
Value Object, Service Locator, Singleton and Transfer Object.
Extensively used Hibernate ORM in data access layer to write DAOs. Developed hibernate mapping and Configuration files.
Worked on DAO and CBO layer in Hibernate.
Involved in Connection RDBMS from Servlets.
Worked on JUnit test cases.
Involved in Integration Testing.
Attending functional problems and giving the clarification or solution to the Team members, defining workflows, business process and the database updates as per the requirements.
Good experience to write the build script-using Ant for deploys and backup.
Design and implementation of tables, stored procedures, views, SQL statements for database operations.
Written Shell script in UNIX for production Environment for Deployment and Scheduling Tasks in UNIX.
Experience in developing Microservices using Springboot.

Environment: Java/J2ee, JSP, Struts 1.1, Spring 2.0, Hibernate, Action Script 2.0,Eclipse3.2, EJB 2.0, Web sphere Server6.x, Restful Web Services,AJAX, SQL, CSS, SDLC, JavaScript, JSON, XML, ANT, JSTL, pl/sql,JavaScript, JUnit, Unix, Log4,Maven
Company: Voitto it llc
Role: Software Engineer (Intern) : Aug 2022- Dec 2022
Develops information systems by designing, developing, and installing software solutions.
Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.
Develops software solutions by studying information needs, conferring with users, and studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes.
Investigates problem areas.
Follows the software development lifecycle.
Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.
Improves operations by conducting systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures.
Obtains and licenses software by obtaining required information from vendors, recommending purchases, and testing and approving products.
Protects operations by keeping information confidential.
Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues.
Accomplishes engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed.
Education:
Master’s: University of Central Missouri- Missouri – CIS&IT (Dec 2022) 3.6
Bachelor's: Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, India
Contact this candidate