Presales Engineer Sales Engineer Solutions Architect
Gray Wolfe
ad4j9t@r.postjobfree.com
404-***-****
Designed and delivered global solution for connectivity for UPS by working with technology teams in Kentucky, New Jersey and Atlanta. We sold the solution to all business units and closed the first multimillion dollar opportunity in the companies history.
Designed and delivered global solution for connectivity for the United States Army by building a global secured machine to machine VPN to all bases and ships.
Designed and delivered global solution for connectivity for the National Security Agency by working with 3M to design and roll out identity verification systemsand perimeter security based upon bio-authentication.
Designed and delivered Document Management Solution for 5 multinational law firms – with international data syncronization based upon EMC data storage devices.
Designed and delivered regulatory compliance framework for financial and healthcare operators in the US and EU. Focused on technology delivery within a complex regulatory framework, the solution ultimately became Amazon Pharmacy
Sales Engineer – Tech CXO
Additional Roles - Compliance / Security Architect 05/2017 – Present
As the lead Presales Engineer for a multinational security and technology partnership, I guide the team in delivery of compliance evaluations, audits, infrastructure analysis and documentation, server configuration documentation and other infrastructure related consultancy deliverables related to software and service sales
Frequent speaker at NIST, MITRE and DoD events
Active General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) defined Data Protection Officer (DPO) for clients in the US and EU
Scoped and wrote the HIPAA policies for the ABJ Health Project renamed Haven Healthcare renamed Amazon Pharmacy

Senior Sales Engineer – NetMotion Wireless 06/2014 – 01/2017
As a member of the most successful territory team at NetMotion I have overperformed on quota and “reach” goals every quarter. Second Quarter of 2017 we closed the first million-dollar quarter in NetMotion history.
Re-engineered the Demo for NetMotion products.
Creation of localized marketing and sales material in Dutch, German, French, and Finnish.
Create solutions for large government entities and private enterprises.
Perform POCs, RFP responses and implementation projects and utilize network optimization tools to enhance POC performance.
Frequent speaker at NIST, MITRE and DoD events
Engineered automation processes for the US Army and Duke Energy
VIP Award 2017
Presidents Club 2017
Contact this candidate