Philippe Addelia
North Las Vegas, NV • 909-***-**** • ad4tv1@r.postjobfree.com

Innovative Data Architect
Summary, Senior Data Architect Data Insights Engineer Solutions Architect BI Solutions Architect
Database Modeling Business Intelligence ELT ETL ERP & Data Warehousing Microsoft SQL Server Dashboard Creation Agile Methodologies End to end Solutions Supply Chain Improved Efficiency Enhanced SDLC Processes Tech leader ActiveBatch Certified Administrator Snowpro Core Certified UIPath Certified, CompTIA Sec+ SYO701 Certified.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Cand LLC, Remote 8/1/2023 – Present
Data Architect Principal, Consulting
●Provide consultancy in the technological area with a focus on Digital Transformation. Conduct Strategic analyses, prepare implementation plans and actively contribute to their execution.

CTG, Remote 3/31/2023 – 7/26/2023
Senior Data Engineer, Alyeska Pipeline, Contract
●Successfully salvaged a challenged data warehouse project, preserving a critical client account and safeguarding the consulting company's reputation.
●Automated data integration between legacy applications, a SQL data warehouse and EHS Insight, a loss prevention system, holds the potential to save millions of dollars by mitigating environmental and safety risks and their associated financial exposures.

2nd Watch, Remote 4/25/2022 – 3/15/2023
Data Engineer Principal, Consulting
●Yielded critical insights by building end-to-end solutions involving data pipelines and database design Such as Data Vault 2.0 on snowflake with DBT ETL, Semantic layers, and reporting deliverables. The models were built for Oracle EBS and ServiceNow.
●Leveraged tools such as AWS, Airbyte, Fivetran, Airflow, DBT, Snowflake, SSAS, Power BI, and Azure.
●Enabled the creation of a Cloud migration roadmap by conducting strategy assessments, including current state, future state, roadmaps, and other plans. This analysis led to the creation of a 5 million Dollars budget.
●Played a key role in project architecture, documentation, development, and implementation.
●Engaged and collaborated closely with customer stakeholders, as well as applications development, OpSec/DevOps, and management teams.

O9 Solutions, Remote 11/15/2021 – 4/22/2022
Senior Solutions Architect, Supply Chain
●Oversaw projects involving development teams across multiple time zones on million dollars complex supply chain projects coordinating the efforts of various partners.
●Assessed projects’ shortcomings and weaknesses, suggested remediation, defined advanced data-integration techniques, and simplified/automated data integrations. Increased team productivity by 50%.
●Reduced time needed to test code and eliminated SDLC errors by creating strategic automation using cloud SaaS and PaaS software/tools.
●Delivered streamlined and robust solutions by building Azure SQL database and data workflows, as well as automating processes via Power Automate, Airflow, and NiFi.
●Obtained certifications from o9 University, Supply Chain Control Tower, Layman, IBP Functional Implementer, AOTP, o9 Platform Modeling.

Crossroads Equipment Lease and Finance, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 1/1/2020 – 9/24/2021
Director of Business Intelligence, Fintech
● Facilitated organizational data strategies by directing high-level strategic and tactical decisions for business intelligence tools and applications, including ERP, CRM, ETL, DWH, and GL.
●Collaborated with other departments to promote Business Process Improvement.
●Enhanced key processes within the SDLC using CI/CD and automated workflows using ActiveBatch.
●Resolved complex technical problems by conducting research and enacting solutions.
●Demonstrated leadership beyond the activities of the BI Group while championing initiatives such as professional development programs throughout the company.
●Designed bi-directional near-real-time data exchanges between Salesforce, data warehouse, ERP cloud app, and legacy on-prem databases.
●Automated US Federal Covid Payroll Protection Program Applications using UIPath, allowing processing of thousands of applications in less than 2 weeks.
●Led implementation of a Financial Risk Weighing application thus allowing automatic credit request approval for low-risk applications, saving hundreds of hours of manual credit processing, and tripling the volume of applications processed without hiring more credit underwriters and lowering the risk of default, avoiding hundreds of thousands of dollars in losses.
●Allowed live valuation of trucks fleets using Price digests API’s and led the creation of financial reporting used to back up a multi-million dollars assets securitization program.

Crossroads Equipment Lease and Finance, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 4/19/2019 – 12/31/2019
Senior BI Developer, Fintech
●Established a data warehouse and implemented the concept of "data product".
●Built Azure-managed data warehouse to support company-wide data movements/centralization.
●Improved business analysis, data analysis, data quality, and data security by modifying organization behavior policies, standards, principles, governance metrics, and processes.
●Minimized risk/liability and strengthened security by implementing CCPA and GDPR standards using encryption, masking, anonymization, and access control.
●Implemented CI/CD SDLC and separation of duty.
●Mobilized a 6-member team of data engineers and business analysts to minimize interruptions.
●Designed and delivered a migration of legacy on-prem finance systems to a modern cloud ERP application using data pipelines, Change data capture, Log synchronization, and data APIs. Saving weeks in migration time.

MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company, Geneva, Switzerland 12/04/2017 – 3/15/2019
Senior BI Developer, Supply Chain, Transportation
●Increased transaction efficiency by developing an ecosystem with ETL in SSIS and Informatica, SSAS Tabular models, Power BI Models, and SQL Server DataMart.
●Implemented data policies and procedures to ensure that the interests and priorities of data stewards, managers, and key users are represented.
●Graduated from MSC University, Transportation business.

ComptaBase Sàrl, Porsel, Switzerland 5/2/2017 – 11/1/2017
Senior BI Consultant, Publishing
Developed a Penthao Business Intelligence front end using Ubuntu and MySQL on the back end.

Genius Avenue, Scottsdale, AZ 12/1/2016 – 5/1/2017
Senior BI Developer, Voluntary Benefits
Created a BI star schema database in Azure data warehouse.
Published a secured Power BI Embedded solution to the company’s customer portal, enabling monetization of data.

ON Semiconductor, Phoenix, AZ 8/1/1999 – 11/30/2016
BI Architect, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Finance, Sales & Marketing
●Headed a 4-member team of expert developers and delivered expertise to establish S&M DataMart based on SQL Server, SQL BI, and QlikView BI platform, enhancing performance.
●Created solutions primarily aimed at Sales & Marketing while supporting other organization needs, including Finance, Business Units, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, and Global Quality.
●Accelerated sales growth by launching OLAP Cubes to equip the sales force with key data.
●Yielded actionable insights by tracking performance by establishing dashboards/metrics.
●Enhanced BI visibility and control by integrating data, conducting training for sales experts, delivering periodic reports, and designing scalable self-service solutions, Waybill, I2, Forecasting, Revenue, Service.

EDUCATION, TECHNOLOGIES, CERTIFICATIONS, LANGUAGES, & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Technologies: AWS, Azure, Microsoft SQL Server, Snowflake, DBT, SSIS, SSAS Tabular, Power BI, SQL, Jinja, DAX, MDX, API, VBA, Python.

Certifications: CompTIA Sec+, Snowflake Snowpro Core, ActiveBatch Certified Administrator, UIPATH Developer Advanced, Microstrategy Certified Project Designer

Professional Development: AWS Cloud Quest: Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Quest: Cloud Practitioner, DBT Cloud Fundamentals, Snowflake Data warehouse Essential, Snowflake Technical Sales, Lucidchart Essentials, Mastering DAX, Oracle BI Suite, Create Reports and Dashboards, Oracle BI Suite, Build Repositories, MS SQL Server Administration, MS SQL Server Implementation, MS SQL Server Developer, Implementing Business Logic with MDX, MS SQL Server Reporting Services, Qlickview Project Designer, Qlikview Developer, Databricks Fundamental, Postman.

Education: EPSIC, Swiss Federal Capacity Certificate of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Professional School of the Swiss Confederation.

Languages: French, English

Nationality: Dual national, US and Swiss Citizen

Web Site:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/philippeaddelia
Contact this candidate