Sivakumar Paramanandam
Contact # +1-469-***-**** & Email id – ad5oz6@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn profile link - https://www.linkedin.com/in/sivakumar-paramanandam-36719373/

PROFILE:

IT Infra Support Solution Architect with 20 - years of experience in the industry with a primary focus on Various infrastructure domains like compute, storage, disaster recovery, cloud, network, O365, end-user computing, tools, etc. Strong leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills
Remarkable skills in winning over customers to my side and smoothly resolving even the most explosive service situations with calm, smiling, and confident interaction. Talent for determinedly pursuing a technical problem till a complete solution has been found and then spreading the solution throughout the organization.

CORE COMPETENCIES CERTIFICATIONS
Ability to effectively organize tasks, manage multiple priorities/details, meet schedules, and deliver on customer commitments
Ability to negotiate with and influence others – internally as well as vendors
Strong in designing, implementing, and executing storage data migrating projects.
Ability to build relationships and work in a team atmosphere
Experienced in designing a storage solution for various DC environments.
Ability to provide and accept feedback
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
Solid understanding of product management, agile Principles and development
Methodologies and capability of supporting agile teams by providing advice and
Guidance on opportunities, impact, and risks, taking account of technical and
Architectural Effective oral and written communication skills with the ability to convey complex technical issues in business terms.
Self-motivated with the ability to effectively manage multiple project responsibilities simultaneously.
Team-oriented with a strong work ethic
Google Cloud Certified - Professional Cloud Architect
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional certificate
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate certificate
AWS Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional certificate
AWS Certified Machine Learning - Specialty certificate
AWS Certified Security -Specialty certificate
HP ASE – Storage Works
ITIL – Foundation Certified
CCNA – Cisco certification
HP- Proliant Certified Engineer
IBM- Midrange Storage Cert

EXPERIENCE:

ITCAPS LLC June 2014 to till date
Designation: Infra support solution architect
Worked for below projects on respective client site
Hiscox & WSGC Jan, 2020 to July 2023
PG&E SanRamon, CA May 2017 to June 2019
NMG, Irving. TX May 2016 to April 2017
CHS Inc., Inver grove height. MN February 2015 to May 2016
Cargill, Hopkins. MN June 2014 to January 2015
Responsibilities
Architecting and delivering solutions around various infrastructure domains like compute,
Storage, disaster recovery, cloud, network, O365, end user computing, tools, etc.
The EMC PowerMax, VMAX-3, Unity F300, XtremIO,VPLEX,HP-3PAR, NetApp-E/EF Series, AFF Series, Hitachi HUS-VM, IBM7000& Flash840 and Cisco in the VMware landscape
SANnav used for entire fabric environment management, day to day operation and performance analyzed
RIAT Probe v8.4 Deployment to troubleshoot array performance bottlenecks using HDS storage management tools and Hitrack Monitor
EMC Isilon X410 Storage - Isilon Gen-5 6-node(X410) installed and expanded additional Gen-6 24-node's(H400) to address space crunch issue, Isilon storage level DR-failover configured and performed DR-practice and Data migration from VNX to Isilon and Configured Isilon Snapshots, SyncIQ for replication
Experienced in using a wide range of Migration Tools (Datadobi, robocopy, emcopy, VNX replicator, isi, vol_copy, rsync, SnapMirror,DobiMiner).
DobiMiner – Migrate data from legacy storage to Isilon storage with help of DobiMiner and deliver to production without disrupt existing production (no data & no permission missing).
Updated SOP documents and knowledge transfer to offshore team (In India @ Chennai)
VMAX1 to VMAX3 migration and data replication job scheduled with help of SRDF & AppSync.
EMC XtremIO, VNX Configuration, Administration and performed day to day operation activities
SRM Custom Reports to prepare Monthly Capacity report, performance analysis such as FA analysis, Heat Map, Response Time and review with customer
Lead technical reviews of peer initiated changes and Lead change reviews and execution.
Project activities:
Unity-300 Storage migration from the Hitachi HUS-VM Storage frame and knowledge transfer to offshore team (India – Chennai)
VMAX1 to VMAX3 migration activities and Brocade SAN switch migration activities
Hitachi-G800 Installation and data migration from HUS-VM

HCL Technologies January 2006 to June 2014
Designation: Consultant
Worked for below Clients
Disney Worldwide, Orlando. FL July 2013 to May 2014
Crawford & Company, Atlanta, GA March 2013 to June 2013
Shire pharmaceutical PA August 2011 to February 2013
Ann Taylor Time square, NY January 2011 to July 2011
UTi Worldwide, Neu-Isenburg, Germany January 2009 to Dec 2010
Advanced Micro Devices Inc, Austin, TX January 2006 to December 2008
Responsibilities
Administrated and maintained all EMC, VMAX40, DMX-4, VNX, Isilon, Celerra, Clariion CX4, CX-3 and HP P9300, HP EVA arrays with the help of EMC Unisphere, SYMCLI and HP Command Eva
SANnav used for entire fabric environment management, day to day operation and performance analyzed
Managed and deployed LUNS from EMC storage frames to multiple servers using the Unisphere Manager, SYMCLI, SMC, ECC, and Navisphere. Provided On Call Support and troubleshooting SAN related issues.
Configured, administrated zones/zone sets on Cisco switches using Fabric Manager and Brocade Fabric Manager respectively HP Blade servers.
Configured FAST VP on VMAX. Created Fast VP thin pools, Created FAST TIERS, Policies, associated Storage groups to FAST Policies.
Extensively worked on SymCLI to implement concurrent SRDF and successfully replicated the storage to the remote site using SRDF solutions (SRDF/S and SRDF/A).
M/s. Skylark information Technology, India October 2005 to January 2006
Designation: Senior Engineer Technical-Support.
Field Engineer: Installation, configuration, troubleshoot and maintenance all HP Server & Storage.
M/s. Ever-Ex Engineering Services, Chennai May 1998 to June 2005
Designation: Sr.Customer Support Executive.
Field Engineer: Installation, configuration, troubleshoot and maintenance all HP Server & Storage.
M/s. Electro Channel Computer, Pondicherry May 1996 to April 1998
Designation: Customer Support Engineer.
Field Engineer: Installation, configuration, troubleshoot and maintenance all zenith system
Education Qualification
Engineering diploma in Computer Technology & M.C.A
Contact this candidate