With **+ years of experience these are some of my top areas of expertise:
Solutions Architect
Haurus, Remote USA 03/24-Current
Designed an end to end QSR workflow for RBI’s chains of restaurant brands which include Burger King, Tim Hortons, Popeyes, and Firehouse Subs. Architected a solution for Intuit’s Topic Trending internet crawler for MailChimp recommendations to provide their client’s with realtime marketing insights across industries leveraging Serverless Cloud Computing. Contributed towards Content Credentials efforts in Generative AI fraud detection supported by Microsoft, Adobe, and Nikon Director of Software Engineering
SiriusXM, Hybrid New York City / San Francisco 03/19-02/24 Merged SiriusXM’s and Pandora’s catalogs of content and science workflows with AWS and GCP while economically leveraging on-premise DataCenters in a Hybrid approach using Java and Python deployed with containers. AWS
GCP
Azure
Hybrid
Terraform
Jenkins
Redis
ElasticSearch
Java, Scala
Python & Go
C++, C#, C
JavaScript
MS,Oracle DB
Dynamo, BigT
Postgres
Neo4J
~ NICHOLAS EVERUS ~
Director of Software Engineering
Solutions Architect / Cloud Computing / Machine Learning Professional Experience
212-***-**** ad65af@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
Unified search across acquired content in a super catalog by creating a unified taxonomy of tagging with Scala and Go on ElasticSearch leveraging Redis for scalability using React.JS on the front end. Lead several managers of software engineering teams focused on catalog integrity following dynamically changing legal rights, transcoding asset requirements, and content management tools for data science. Deployment with Terraform and Jenkins cross platforms and infrastructures. Principal Software Engineer
SiriusXM, New York City 03/16-02/03/19
Created cloud based workflows to produce markers with and advertisement placements in long form content using machine learning with SageMaker and DynamoDB.
Designed topic segmentation methods that leveraged LLMs along with speech to text in order to detect subject of conversation changes and cached results with a mix of Redis and CloudFront for global availability with Azure for legacy data and analytics collected between OEM and Satellites. Developed several recommendation engines from personalized play listings to system wide fraud detections with Neo4J from uploaded content at 200 million tracks.
Director of Software Development
OTG Management, New York City 06/13-03/16
Hired a team of 20 engineers to innovate software applications in the travel, food, and entertainment industries that won Digital Magazine’s Award for top innovative companies with Hybrid and AWS platforms. Worked with Delta, United, American Airlines, Jet Blue to revamp their customer experiences in the North American airport terminals using various QSR devices with boarding pass scanning for personalization ordering. Developed and certified a complex in-house PCI compliant POS ( point of sale ) payment system that allow for credit card payments along with mileage redemption and digital couponing for airports and restaurants in NYC using Azure storage of logging payment transaction history. Director of Digital Technology
GlobalHue, New York City 12/10-06/13
Lead development of New York Magazine’s iOS and Android mobile apps which used Scala with the PlayFramework on MongoDB to deliver premium content to their subscribers with Microsoft Azure. Built a subscription based platform for delivering live and curated videos for music artists along with an e-commerce site to sell memorabilia. Patented a real time communication system with Interactive Sports Direct that used video broadcasting, white boarding with Flash Media Server, VOIP with Asterisk, and a playback application to enable coaches to teach sports to students on mobile or desktop devices with Postgres. Senior Software Engineer
Interpublic Group ( IPG ), New York City 06/07-12/10 Developed iOS and Android creative mobile, tablet, and web applications for General Motors, Intel, Verizon, MasterCard, Nikon, ExxonMobil, Diageo, General Mills, and the US Army in a digital marketing environment with C# and MS SQL DB.
Used AWS EC2, Google App Engine, and Akamai to setup development, staging, and production environments for various projects, clients, and vendors of Interpublic Group.
Lead developer on several sites that own FWA awards for McCann and MRM Worldwide including Mastercard’s Priceless Experience built with Papervision, and Nikon’s CoolPix 360 developed with Away3D using ActionScript 3.
Senior Software Engineer
Publicis Sapient, Miami FL 06/04-06/07
Worked on BridgeTrack, a Java and Oracle DB ad tech digital marketing suite that monitors user behavior across a variety of web content. Developed a Java application for automating large scale Flash banner updates by performing binary manipulation on SWF files with C and C++ for Citibank to quickly change interest rates on the animated files served locally. Produced complex takeover ads for Yahoo.com’s homepage and other portals that used Javascript to animate several interactive Flash banners together delivering a creative full page experience. Florida State University – Tallahassee, FL ( Academic Scholarship ) Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering / CS, Minor in Mathematics & Organic Chemistry, 04/2004
Education
Contact this candidate