William Howard Zack
203-***-**** ad6peq@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
Cloud Solutions Architect/Azure Specialist SME specializing in architecting, designing, implementing, migrating, managing, and supporting IaaS, PaaS and SaaS applications based on Microsoft Azure. Working with Microsoft Azure before it was called Azure (over 15 years ago). When it launched in 2010 was one of only twenty-four Azure Subject Matter Experts world-wide at Microsoft.

Professional Experience
Assessing and migrating on-premises server workloads and applications to Azure using Azure Migrate, SQL Server, Azure Data Factory (ADF) and Azure Site Recovery.
Architecting, creating, configuring, and deploying Azure Cloud Adoption Framework (CAF) Enterprise Landing Zone Environments using Azure Migrate and Azure Resource Manager Management (ARM) Templates.
Analyzing, troubleshooting, and remediating current Azure environments and deployments.
Authoring technical documentation such as Statements of Work, Project Plans and procedure documentation for customer projects.
Assisting in the development of Azure best practices and solutions comparing them to Microsoft best-practices.
Creating Azure Resource Manager Templates for multiple companies.
Utilizing Azure Migrate & Azure Site Recovery for both Disaster Recovery and server Migration.
Performing Disaster Recovery planning, setup and testing using Azure Site Recovery.
Optimizing existing Azure configurations for multiple clients.
Developing and conducting Cloud Sales Team training programs.
Project estimating and project Statements of Work creation.

The Nashville Microsoft Azure Users Group, Founder and President Jan 2013-Present
Founded, and for over 10 years continues to lead this 2700+ member technology group focusing on the community of CIOs, CTOs, Architects, Developers, IT Infrastructure Managers and others. See http://nashazure.com.
This group provides a forum for open discussion and networking among the membership.
In this group I continue to evangelize Azure to the community and give them implementation and best practices advice.

DevScripts California Mental Health Authority contract, Azure Cloud Solutions Architect, Jan 2024-June 2024
Acted as an Azure SME to the project team. Designed and implemented an application to archive multiple periodic instances of on-premises SQL Server databases to Azure using SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) and Data Migration Assistant (DMA). This involved automated assessment of the type of Azure databases to be used in the project utilizing Azure Data Studio. The project also involved implementing and testing the entire archival process.

Syntel Microsoft Practice OneCloud Cloud, Solutions Architect, Jan 2023-May 2023
Conducted an Intune Mobile Device Management (MDM)/Mobile Application Management (MAM) pilot project for an energy company. Supervised a junior Engineer.

Insight Enterprises, Cloud Solutions Architect, May 2022-October 2022
Developed an architecture for a modern Enterprise Level Azure Landing Zone for a major transportation company using Azure Resource Manager Templates.
Developed Visio Architecture Diagrams and Network IP Address assignments.
Conducted Azure Best Practices Assessment and Discovery Sessions for a training company.
Reviewed the clients current Azure implementation for adherence to industry standards and best practices.

Apex Systems Inc. CTG contract, Azure Solutions Architect, March 2021-November 2021
Developed sales collateral for marketing Azure services to CTG clients as part of a new business marketing effort using Visio and Azure templates.

Redapt Inc., Cloud Solutions Architect, June 2020-March 2021
Conducted Azure Migration Assessments for multiple clients and migrated approximately 100 servers to Azure using
Azure Migrate. Defined RBAC permissions and policies, performed network implementation using IP address assignments, NSGs, Routing Tables, data center gateways and firewalls. Debugged network flows and performed quarterly security compliance assessments with the Rapid7 third-party security assessment tool. Worked with offshore engineers to perform migrations.

Planet Technologies, Azure Architect, August 2019-April 2020
Migrated multiple servers and web applications for two major State of Virginia web sites to Azure using Azure Site
Recovery and Azure App Services.

Crowe LLP, Cloud Solutions Architect, March 2019-July 2019
Performed all phases of a successful internal Crowe Proof of Concept (POC) project for evaluating the feasibility of migrating a major 3rd-party financial application from Rackspace to Azure. In addition to developing the plan I implemented a complete Azure sandbox AKS Kubernetes Blockchain environment for the POC. The purpose of the POC was to 1) Move the application to Azure, and 2) determine the feasibility of moving additional corporate hosted applications to Azure.
Developed a project plan for implementing Disaster Recovery for a major retail Logistics and Supply company using Azure Site Recovery. Worked with Azure Engineers in India to execute the plan.
Presented a Public Crowe Teams Webcast on Disaster Recovery and Azure.
Identified as the Azure Technical Lead for Crowe’s Manufacturing and Distribution division.

Kforce PowerSchool contract, Azure Architect, November 2018-March 2019
Designed Azure architecture. Implemented DevOps CI/CD Pipelines and Azure Resource Manager Templates to
migrate on-premises applications to Azure.

Vaco Deloitte contract, Azure Architect, August 2017-October 2018
Created Infrastructure and DevOps deployments.

Stratum Technology Management LLC., Cloud Solutions Architect, September 2017-August 2018
Specialized in the design and implementation of Microsoft Azure based Cloud architectures for multiple clients.
Assessed Cloud Platform Readiness and performed Planned Cloud migrations.
Migrated on-premises infrastructure and applications to Azure, and between Azure Regions using Azure Site Recovery, PowerShell and Azure Resource Manager.
Optimized existing Azure implementations and Performed Azure Network Architecture remediation
Planned and implemented Disaster Recovery.
Developed Statements of Work, Proposals, Migration Assessments and Project Plans. Guided projects through to completion.
Acted as Azure SME and Consulting Architect on a project to move on-premises .NET applications to Azure App Service Web Apps, multiple App Service Environments, SQL DB and Cosmos DB.
Created a Zoom Webcast on Building a Rational Microsoft Azure Network Architecture with PowerShell and Azure Resource Manager. Also appeared on the public-facing Azure Podcast discussing Migration to Azure.

Coretek Services Inc., Cloud Solution Architect, February 2017-August 2017
Acted as lead Architect and Project Manager responsible for writing Statements of Work, design documents and developed project plans for projects totaling over $94,000. Responsible for managing Azure projects through the customer acceptance process and implementation. Also, responsible for troubleshooting client technical issues.
Developed the company’s Azure Migration Assessment Methodology used on major migration and disaster recovery projects utilizing Azure Site Recovery. Blogged about the process.
Presented a major “Demystifying the Cloud” to Premier CIO Council Forums in multiple cities in the United States. Also conducted CIO Roundtables in those cities.
Acted as Lead Architect on an Automotive Control system utilizing automobile mounted sensors. Uploaded real-time data using Express Rout and Experimental Fast Access software.
Designated at this time as a Partner-Cloud Solution Architect by Microsoft.

Blue Chip Consulting Group, Senior Solution Architect/Azure Specialist, May 2016-February 2017
Led the architecture, planning, development and execution of Azure-based migration and development solutions for Blue Chip clients and partners. Execution was accomplished using Microsoft Azure Site Recovery software,
Worked with a major Blue-Chip partner to create a series of templated Cloud Adoption Workshops and adoption engagements. Defined the pre-delivery questionnaire, process, templates, and deliverables. This ultimately led to engagements of up to $400,000. Also worked on many opportunities which involved writing project proposals and Statements of Work. Conducted pilot client training sessions.
Created the internal Inside Blue-Chip podcast and an Azure Ask the Experts Yammer forum. Blogged on Azure related subjects including Migration, Azure Stack, and an AWS-Azure technical features comparison documents.

N3 LLC Microsoft contract, Consultant to the Azure Product Group, Jan 2013-Dec 2015
Worked as a Cloud Solutions Architect and Consultant directly for the Microsoft Azure Product Group.
Supported Microsoft Large Scale Partners, customers and others selling and implementing Azure-based solutions. In this capacity provided architecture, design and troubleshooting guidance and assistance to Microsoft partners and customers worldwide. Helped partners chart out their migration to Azure.
Developed demonstration applications in PaaS, IaaS, and SaaS.
Designated as a Virtual Technical Professional by Microsoft.

Microsoft, Solutions Architect/ Principal Architect Evangelist, Jan 2006-Dec 2012
Worked with customers and partners to help them design, program and move applications to the Microsoft Azure Public Cloud platform. Was designated internally as one of 24 Microsoft Azure Worldwide Subject Matter Experts. Blogged about Microsoft technologies on several Microsoft MSDN blogs.
For a major pharmaceutical company, acted as Chief Architect on an Azure High-Scale Compute Big Data Map-Reduce Molecular Analysis project. This involved a hybrid on premises and Microsoft Azure architecture with a local work distributor farming out work to 250 Microsoft Azure compute nodes. This application reduced processing time from one week to a few hours. This involved use of PaaS applications.
Gave Cloud architecture and design presentations at conferences such as Cloud Expo, as well as at local community events and presented on Microsoft Cloud strategy and implementation to technical decision makers and developers at multiple companies. Also created the material for an award-winning Microsoft webcast on “Azure Design Patterns”.
Responsible for architecting, designing, developing, implementing, and evangelizing SOA/WCF based framework solutions for major Financial Services corporations such as Allstate, Ameriprise, and First National City Bank. Coordinated the work of developers at Microsoft’s Indian subsidiary.
For a major brokerage firm, worked on the development of a Client Data HUB to consolidate customer and account information for approximately 20 million customers from over 10 different enterprise systems.
Developed an internal SharePoint site for team communications and consulting project management. This project involved creating multiple SharePoint sites and developing Web Parts and ASP.NET User Controls in C#. Taught a C# Training class.
Developed applications in IaaS and PaaS as well as SaaS and APIM (API Management).

Industries
Healthcare, Insurance, Finance, Brokerage, Transportation, Construction, Order Processing/Warehouse Management, Pharmaceutical, State Government, Publishing, Mainframe Migration, Unix, Application Modernization and Consulting. (Details available on request)

Professional Accomplishments
Designated multiple years as a Microsoft Server Most Valuable Professional (MVP).

Certifications
Microsoft® Certified Solutions Associate: Cloud Platform (Charter)*
Microsoft Specialist: Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions
Microsoft Specialist: Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions
Microsoft Certified Professional
Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions

Articles, Books and Blogs
Authored Magazine articles and white papers: including “The Software as a Service Development Life Cycle”
(InfoQ), as well as articles in SQL Server Magazine and Microsoft TechNet Magazine.
Written books including “Windows 2000 and Mainframe Integration”, “The OS/2 Handbook”, and “Fast Access
OS/2”. Contributing Author to the Microsoft Press book “Programming SQL Server 2005”.
Author of the “Microsoft Host Integration Server Reviewers Guide” and the “Microsoft Enterprise Single Sign-on
Reviewers Guide”.
Blogs include CloudyInNashville, Microsoft Ignition Showcase, Architecture and Stuff.
Presentations
A frequent presenter at conferences and other events such as Cloud Architecture, Design Patterns, Automation, Microsoft and Development as well as other topics.

Education
BA in Information Processing Charter Oak State College, Hartford Connecticut
AE in Electronic Engineering Worcester Junior College, Worcester Mass.

Military Service
Honorable Discharge US Marine Corps
Contact this candidate