SHARATH CHANDRAN
Mob# +1-857-***-****
Email ID: - ad6tw7@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharath-chandran-ca/

Summary:

Over 17 years of IT experience across multiple geographies & in various roles as Business Relationship Manager, Technology Leader, Enterprise/Solutions Architect, Senior Portfolio Manager, Subject Matter Expert, Application Developer handling development and Production Support Projects.

TOGAF 9.1 Certified Enterprise Architect consultant.
Certified PGP in Cloud Computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Design authority in cloud architecture design, security, compliance, and cost optimization.
Responsible for implementation of Enterprise Architecture framework, guidelines.
Identifying and recommending conceptual, logical, and physical architecture solution designs aligned with architectural strategy.
Produce solution descriptions and blueprints, assist with development estimates, and suggest implementation strategies.
Partnering and assisting with other Enterprise/Solution/Data Architects in developing and implementing Strategy in line with Stakeholder Requirements.
Design Authority on Data Governance Process and Standards involving Data Lineage and evaluation of Data Complexity.
Responsible for creating IT security technical reference architecture identifying current and future states, respectively.
Managed Data and Enterprise Security for Customer facing applications by enforcing stronger authentication practices.

Education & Certifications:
Bachelor of Technology, INDIA (Specialization: - Information Technology)
PGP in Cloud Computing (AWS, GCP, Azure)
TOGAF 9.1
ITIL V3.0
IBM Cloud Platform Application Development V1
IBM Certified Solution Developer - Infosphere Datastage V8.5
IBM Certified Database Associate DB2 9 Fundamentals
CSM SCRUM Certification.

Technology Overview: -

Domain
Technologies Used
Cloud
AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure
AWS Services
S3, EC2, RDS, SQS, SNS, Redshift, Lambda, CloudWatch, Storage Gateway, Cloud Formation, Auto-Scaling, AWS Glue, Athena.
GCP Services
Google Compute Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine, Google Cloud Storage, Google Cloud Bigtable, Google Cloud Virtual Private Cloud, Google Cloud AI Platform, Google Cloud APIs, Google Cloud Identity and Access Management.
Azure Services
Virtual Machines, Azure Kubernetes Service, Azure Blob Storage, Azure Disk Storage, Azure Database for MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB, Azure Virtual Network, Azure Load Balancer, Azure VPN Gateway, Azure Machine Learning, Azure Active Directory (AAD).
Web Technologies
JavaScript, AngularJS, HTML, CSS.
Programming Languages
Java, C, C++, HTML, SQL, XML, Python, COBOL, Nodejs
Java Enterprise Technologies
JDBC, SWING, SOAP & RESTFUL Web Services, JMS.
Build Tools
Gradle, Maven, Ant.
Frameworks
Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Security
Application Servers
WebSphere, TOMCAT, JBOSS
Application Security
Spring Security, OAUTH2, JWT, OKTA
Message Oriented Middleware
Kafka, IBM MQ Series, JBOSS MQ.
Programming Languages
Java 17, JavaScript, Nodejs, COBOL, C, C++
Databases:
MS-SQL, Oracle 9i/11g, DB2, IMS, MS-Access, SQL Server.
ETL
IBM DataStage 11.1, Data Quality 11.3, Quality Stage 11.3, Talend, ADX.
Reporting & Analytics
Tableau.

Professional Experience:

Moderna (Consultant) Norwood, June 2023 – Till Date
Enterprise/Solutions Architect

Responsibilities: -
Led the architecture design and implementation efforts ensuring alignment with TOGAF principles and best practices.
Participated in review of ARF (Architectural Review Forum) and ARB (Architectural Review Board) meetings to provide feedback on designs & technical solutions related to security, infrastructure, technology etc.
Participated in security design reviews with InfoSec team and council of architects.
Developed and implemented data quality standards and procedures.
Worked with stakeholders to understand their data needs and translate those needs into technical requirements.
Ensure data integrity and adherence to data governance standards.
Achievements: -

Architected Moderna’s first Gen-AI RAG based Chatbot running on GPT-3, deployed on AWS with a 92% accuracy.
Engineered an AI/ML tool to author FDA documents using LLMs reducing time to market by 90%.
Implemented AWS Resource Groups and Tags resulting in operational efficiency by 30%.
Enhanced data integration from 50+ sources into AWS Redshift, saving $100k annually in storage costs.
Developed a data pipeline using Databricks and Apache Spark to automate the ingestion and processing of instrument data, resulting in a 30% improvement in data retrieval times.
Led a team in migrating 15 legacy applications to Docker on Amazon ECS, boosting operational efficiency by 40% and cutting deployment times by 60%.
Replaced login-based credentials with Okta SSO, cutting support tickets by 50%, improving login efficiency by 30%, and saving $50k annually.

Santander Bank (Consultant) Boston, Feb 2022 - June 23 Senior Solutions Architect
Application Architecture

Santander Bank (SBNA) is currently working towards several vendor integrations including upgrading the AFS (Automated Financial Services) L3 to Vision. AFS supports nearly 75% of the bank’s commercial operations. I am accountable for managing the Commercial Lending Portfolio Architecture and engaging with SBNA Clients and third-party Vendors.

Responsibilities: -

Evaluate Vendors Products and tools as part of buy vs build strategy for Commercial Lending.
Developed custom APIs to facilitate real-time data exchange between nCino and Salesforce.
Engineered robust data integration pipelines incorporating diverse data sources such as AWS S3, on-premises databases, and spreadsheets, enhancing data accessibility and consistency.
Designed and enforced data security and privacy measures within AWS and Snowflake environments.
Implemented continuous integration and deployment pipelines using AWS CodePipeline and CodeBuild.
Achievements: -

Designed and implemented the migration of SBNA’s data warehouse to AWS Redshift reducing storage costs by 20% and enhancing query performance.
Engineered a data integration solution between Salesforce and Amazon Redshift using ETL tools like AWS Glue and Salesforce Connect.
Implemented & redesigned Santander’s Escrow application on AWS Cloud leveraging Strangler pattern for Microservices.
Integrated Salesforce with internal SBNA applications via OAUTH 2.0 using bearer token for security.
Optimized data storage and retrieval processes on AWS Redshift achieving a 40% reduction in query times.
Engineered migration of Data scan (Vendor Product with SBNA Integration) on to AWS Cloud which led to annual savings to the tune of $200k.
Led a team of 30+ members in developing and maintaining API Standards for the Bank reducing technical debt by 5%.
First Republic Bank (Consultant) Boston, Jan 2020 -Jan 2022
Solutions Architect
FX Spectrum – ION Upgrade

FRB is currently using a Vendor tool Spectrum v4169 for its FX transactions. The Vendor ION has discontinued the use of Spectrum v4169 and is moving towards the upgraded version of the tool Spectrum v17.1. I am responsible for managing the FX Account Portfolio and strategizing the upgrade with Vendor ION.

Achievements: -

Implementation of FX Platform (Vendor ION) on FRB’s on-prem datacenter resulting in annual savings to the tune of $1 million yearly.
Integrated FRB applications with Salesforce via SSO resulting in operational efficiency by 90%.
Migrated the first Private Wealth Management applications on AWS Cloud resulting in annual savings of $100K.
Introduced API connectivity between FX platform and internal FRB applications using APIGEE and REST APIs, increasing operational efficiency by 75%.
National Bank of Canada TORONTO, Feb 2019 -Jan 2020
Solutions Architect
Compass Web Portal/NBIN Platform

NBIN - National Bank’s platform for independent third-party wealth advisor firms accessing National Bank Independent Network’s custodian and other back-office services. The application consists of a legacy and modern Web Portal with an in-house Content Management System. I am responsible for strategizing the the Wealth and Trading Account Portfolio from both business and technology lenses.

Achievements:

Designed a microservice-based WaaS (Wealth as a Service) layer, integrating with multiple applications/endpoints, saving $500k annually.
Implemented SonarQube and Quality Gate with JUnit to improve code quality.
Deployed Urban Code Deploy as part of CI/CD process.
Orchestrated the monitoring of the application portal on AppDynamics.

TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES CANADA INC TORONTO, Sep 2017 – Feb 2019
The Home Depot
Solutions/Dev Ops Architect
P2GC (Production to Google Cloud)

P2GC (Production to Google Cloud) is a migration project which involves migration of the current infrastructure, software, applications from on premise to Google Cloud. Proposed flow would involve communication via NAT & API Gateways.

Achievements:

Enforced the usage of API keys and OAUTH token for authentication of third-party calls.
Achieved weekly production releases cadence using Bamboo, Jenkins & Stash.
Corrected XML code which was causing issues with Sonar Coverage not displaying properly.
Remediated Bamboo Build failures which were caused due to incorrect Database index which caused looping.
Worked on two POC’s for Stack driver as a monitoring tool on Google Cloud and Cloud spanner respectively.

TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES CANADA/INDIA INC TORONTO, Jan’ 13 – Sep 17
Scotiabank
Enterprise/Solutions Architect
CCaR (Capital Computation and Risk)

Achievements: -

Design authority for the transformation of Datastage Jobs into Talend resulting in annual savings of 75k.
Design authority for the migration of existing Production infrastructure (includes IAAS, SAAS, PAAS) into Google Cloud.

TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES LIMITED Charlotte/India, Mar’07 – Jan’13
Solutions Architect/ Project Lead
BOSS

Achievements: -

Instrumental in Architecting and Designing the Migration of the entire application from
COBOL to ETL.
Provided Solutions & Architecture Design for the Development team, saving up to USD $500K.
Contact this candidate