Jose Eneas Da Silva Maria
Senior Solutions Architect
ad7191@r.postjobfree.com • Glen Gardner, NJ 08826
https://www.linkedin.com/in/eneasmaria/ • 908-***-****
Highly analytical and tech-savvy professional with 25+ years of experience in leading all aspects of end-to-end solution architecture, software development, data analytics, digital transformation, and project management.
Proven track record of excellence in designing and implementing sophisticated solutions across a broad range of technologies and industries and translating complex business requirements into scalable technical solutions that elevate efficiency and growth. Solid history of success in creating innovative enterprise data strategies, formulating modern technology platforms, and integrating cutting-edge technologies to enhance business operations and customer satisfaction. Recognized for spearheading and successfully delivering technical projects on time and within budget, evaluating and mitigating project risks, enhancing project delivery through Agile practices, and driving envelope in technology adoption and cloud migrations. Passionate and visionary leader with remarkable acumen in training, mentoring, and directing high-performing teams to achieve set goals.
Areas of Expertise
● Solution Architecture & Design
● Cloud Computing (AWS & Azure)
● Agile & Scrum Methodologies
● Emerging Technologies Integration
● DevOps Practices & CI/CD Pipelines
● Project & Program Management
● Transformation & Modernization
● Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
● Data Architecture, Big Data, Data Analytics
● Customer Experience Improvement
● Business Intelligence Tools & Data Visualization
● Microservices Architecture & Containerization
● Enterprise Data Management & Governance
● SaaS & PaaS Solutions
● Cloud Migration Strategies
● Product Design & Development
● Machine Learning & AI Integration
● API Development & Management
● Pre-sales Support & Client Relations
Professional Experience
Solutions Architecture Consulting, Glen Gardner, NJ
Senior Solutions Architect
Mar 2023 to Mar 2024
Arranged effective training and development programs for teams on agile methodologies and good practices to enhance project efficiency. Evaluated project risks and proposed effective mitigation strategies to maintain project integrity. Assessed solution designs and suggested significant improvements to align with client goals. Stay abreast of emerging technologies while recommending adoption strategies that align with business objectives. Evaluated team's professional development requirements and executed comprehensive training programs to boost team knowledge and performance. Design and architect innovative cloud-native solutions using AWS to optimize business operations. Analyze and refine existing cloud application architectures for improved performance. Develop and implement migration plans for transitioning on-premises applications to cloud environments, ensuring minimal disruption and maximum scalability.
●Reduced project costs by 15% through keen financial stewardship and operational efficiency.
●Built and implemented effective cloud migration strategy that streamlined transition process for multiple clients.
●Improved team productivity and project delivery times through the implementation of agile methodologies.
●Elevated competitive edge and customer satisfaction through successful integration of emerging technologies into client solutions.
●Formulated and employed targeted training plans to increase team's technical expertise and drive culture of continuous learning.

Ericsson, Piscataway, NJ
Senior Solutions Architect
June 2017 to Feb 2023
Directed and mentored international technical team of 45 employees to achieve set goals and maintain technical design standards/architectural best practices. Provided effective support in pre-sales activities with effective negotiation and support to foster stronger customer relationships. Optimized data management practices by documenting data flows, modeling ETL processes, and designing Business Object reports/portal screens in accordance with TMForum Standards (eTom, TAM, SID). Delivered mentorship to junior team members with a focus on accelerating team capabilities and knowledge.
●Pioneered adoption of SaaS models that decreased implementation timelines.
●Optimized team composition and operational costs while increasing team and client satisfaction.
●Planned and executed high-value project with a focus on ensuring on-time delivery with exceptional client satisfaction.
●Architected and deployed comprehensive end-to-end solutions, achieving efficient data migration and automated process design.
●Enhanced efficiency in data migration and modeling across Operational Support Systems (OSS) and Business Support Systems (BSS), including provisioning and network inventory for OSS and reporting, billing, CRM, rating, and provisioning for BSS.

Ericsson, Brazil
Sr Solutions Architect
June 2008 to June 2017
Drove streamlined data migration and automated process design through the planning and seamless delivery of end-to-end solution architecture initiatives. Provided strategic leadership and encouraged technical team of 10 to attain set goals. Maintained compliance with architectural standards to enhance efficiency in OSS and BSS domains. Documented and modeled data flows, formulated ETL processes, and developed business object reports and portal interfaces in accordance with TMForum Standards.
●Headed and successfully completed high-stakes projects, securing client satisfaction and significant revenue.
●Optimized pre-sales support while improving customer engagement and facilitating successful negotiations.
●Reduced operational costs and augmented team performance/client contentment through strategic team restructuring.
Additional Experience as Architect at EDS, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, providing Solutions Design, Development, Testing, Implementation and support for projects with companies like Xerox (Brazil), GM (US and Brazil), MCI WorldCom (US), Bell Canada (subsidiary in Brazil), AA in areas such as Manufacture, ERP, MRP, Financials, Billing, Settlement, etc.
Education & Credentials
Full Stack Software Developer, MERN Framework, 2024
University of Texas, Austin, TX
Data Science Certification, Data Science (AI, ML), 2023
Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ
Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Strategic Administration, Strategic Planning, 2013
Universidade Estacio de SA, Brazil
Communication and Digital Media, Cloud Computing, 2013
Universidade Estacio de SA, Brazil
Higher Education Teaching, Distance Learning and Student Evaluation tools, 2013
Universidade Estacio de SA, Brazil
Photography, Digital Photography and Workflow Automation, 2010
Universidade Estacio de SA, Brazil
Professional Certifications:
●SAFe 5 RTE (Release Train Engineer)
●SCJP – Sun Certified Java Programmer
●Data Science (AI/ML) - Rutgers
●HTML Certified Developer – Professional Level – W3S
●Data Structures and Algorithms – Advanced Level – W3S
●Automation + AI/ML Critical Skills - Ericsson
●Cloud Native / Infrastructure + HCP Critical Skills - Ericsson
●Problem Solving Power Skill – Ericsson
●Value Argumentation Skill – Ericsson
●Storytelling Power Skill – Ericsson
Technical Proficiencies:
●Object Oriented Design, Object Oriented Frameworks, BSS Domain, OSS Domain, ERP Domain, SQL Databases, NoSQL Databases, Machine Learning, Python, Spark, Tableau, Java, JavaScript, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), MERN Stack, TMForum Standards (eTom, TAM, SID), Agile Methodology, Waterfall Methodology, Cloud Computing (AWS), Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Microservices Architecture, JBOSS, PL/SQL, Shell scripting, UML, XML, JSON, SOAP, REST, Kafka, IBM Z/OS, COBOL, CICS, JCL, DB2.
Contact this candidate