Ricardo Perez
Round Rock, TX. 512-***-**** ad7jbi@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/ricardo-perez-atx

Cloud Engineer Solutions Architect Site Reliability Systems Engineering Infrastructure Management

With a deep-seated passion for pioneering virtualization solutions, my tenure at Dell EMC has been marked by architecting and deploying PowerFlex and VxRail systems. Extensive expertise lies in comprehensive lifecycle management, with a proven track record in steering projects from conception to completion, delivering high performance and scalable virtual environments. Commitment to innovation and excellence in infrastructure transformation. Collaborating with C-level executives, presenting project visions and strategies, while focusing on fluency in English and Spanish to enhance our team's ability to drive global initiatives. Credentials including multiple VMware and Microsoft certifications have underscored the dedication to maintaining technical prowess in Systems Engineering. Strong understanding of cloud computing technologies, knowledge of various cloud platforms (such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud), expertise in designing and implementing scalable and secure cloud solutions, proficiency in infrastructure management and automation, excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, effective communication and collaboration abilities, and a continuous learning mindset to keep up with evolving technology and industry trends.

Skills
Cloud Computing VxRail PowerFlex Citrix VMware Virtualization Active Directory Servers VCP Server Software and Hardware Architecture

Experience
Dell Technologies, Round Rock, TX July 2012 - May 2024
Solutions Architect
Hyper Converged Solutions.
●PowerFlex Appliance, PowerFlex Rack, VxRail Design and Deployment VxBlock, VxRack and VxRail Implementation.
●Deployed numerous VCE VxRack FLEX, VBlock 0, VBlock 1/1U, VBlock 2, VBlock 3xx and VBlock 7xx architectures with concentration on Cisco UCS and Nexus 1000v, EMC UIM 2.0.1, 2.1, 3.0 and all VMware vSphere components.
●Virtualization Design and Implementation.
●Presented project visions, strategies and roadmaps to C-level executives, technical management and technical staff. Architected multiple enterprise-level virtual environments including scalability and sizing planning. Managed multiple implementation projects including proof-of-concepts, pilots, test/ development, and production environments deployments based on virtualization.
●Private Cloud Implementation.
●Architected large scale environments for use in private cloud implementations utilizing VMware, Microsoft and Citrix platforms. Migrated and managed mission-critical enterprise applications established app-validation, and performance validation frameworks.
●Experience with Private, Hybrid cloud environments with AWS, Azure, Google and Oracle.

LIMOTTA IT, Santa Barbara, CA September 2011 - July 2012
Virtualization Engineer
●Comprehensive lifecycle management and migration from physical to VMware Virtual Environments.
●Brand development, website traffic growth, web site UI and advertising revenue. Developed brand strategy and statistics systems.
●Strategic Consulting, including business plan & sales strategy development.
●Generated new development deals for IT.

Xerox, Dallas, TX. May 2005 - October 2011
Infrastructure Management Senior Analyst
SES (NT) Citrix - VMware Team (Infrastructure Management Senior Analyst)
●Virtualization projects, applications and desktops participation and development.

Ricardo Perez ad7jbi@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

●Analyzes, modifies and/or designs complex computer programs across mainframe, midrange, client server and desktop platforms, to ensure user requirements/program objectives are met. Develops detailed documentation including the use of flowcharts, project specifications, diagrams to translate user requirements into programming language, develops/modifies illustrations of program sequences necessary to meet user requirements.
●Analyzes new and existing vendor software, provides installation, maintenance and customization of vendor software as required.
●Develops and recommends alternative programming approaches to realize desired specifications and/ or enhancements based on user requirements. Performs feasibility studies, life cycle analysis and/or cost/benefit studies.
●Consults with the end user to identify current operations procedures and clarify program objectives. Monitors computer program performance to detect errors, applies testing procedures/methodologies (e.g., diagnostic software) and provides interpretation of data.
●Provides input during client strategic planning as required as part of technical expertise. May provide guidance to and assist in the training of less experienced staff, provides hardware/software training as required.
●Maintain expert level industry/technical knowledge base and facilitates/maintains industry relationships.

Additional Experience
Softtek Technical Support and Infrastructure Engineer

Education
Bachelor's in Science Degree (BS), Electronic and Communications Engineering
Courses Include: Computer Networks, Digital Electronics, Telecommunications and Computer Design.
UANL

Licenses & Certifications
●MCSE1: Windows Server - Microsoft
●MCSA1: Windows Server - Microsoft
●MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional - Microsoft
●VCE Certified Converged Infrastructure Implementation Engineer
●VCE Certified Converged Infrastructure Associate
●VMware Certified Professional 6.5 - Data Center Virtualization - VMware Certified Professional 6 - Desktop and Mobility (VCP6-DTM) - VMware
●Specialist - Systems Administrator, VxRack System FLEX Version 1.0 - Dell Technologies
Contact this candidate