KEN ORZECHOWSKI
**** ***** ***** ********** ** **418
ad7n8v@r.postjobfree.com
734-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/ken-orzechowski-ba9995
QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
Experienced Senior Security Solutions Architect/Presales Engineer with a successful history of team management and leadership. I have worked with a variety of clients, including SLED, Fortune 50 companies, large financial institutions, military, and federal government agencies. Specializing in developing cutting-edge security, data management, and storage solutions tailored to clients' specific needs. Skilled in assessing organizational requirements, navigating regulatory environments, negotiating business agreements, and driving sales teams to exceed revenue goals. Known for building strong client relationships, effectively communicating complex ideas, and presenting solution benefits to executive leadership. Consistently delivering high-quality professional services that align data architecture with overall business objectives. Proven ability to provide exceptional managed services, showcasing strong communication and interpersonal skills. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Cybersecurity Solutions Architect December 2022 - Present SilverSky Inc.
Senior Security Solutions Architect / Channel Sales Engineer
Presented to executive management and technical administrators.
Provided information to channel partners and sales management.
Resolved customer service issues and presented at various SLED conferences.
Mentored sales professionals on SilverSky’s solution portfolio.
Led RFP/RFI sales opportunities and conducted quarterly client briefings.
Executed pre-sales design integration of managed WAN, LAN, and VPN solutions.
Delivered presentations on SilverSky’s solution portfolio and related technologies. Senior NOC Security Engineer September 2019 – December 2022 High Point Networks LLC
High Point acquired Vermillion Technologies September 2019. Due to the acquisition of JCS Vermillion Technologies I started at Highpoint Networks.
Oversaw managed customer deployments and provided proactive maintenance.
Developed and maintained customer relationships.
Recommended operational improvements and coordinated with vendors.
Participated in preventive maintenance and recommended service improvements.
Developed a Sub-MSSP training program and stayed current on security technologies. CTO Chief Technology Officer May 2005 - August 2019 JCS and Vermillion Technologies
Established the company’s technical vision and led technology development.
Monitored regulations and evaluated products to address new threats.
Collaborated with business partners on evaluation, support, and deployment of solutions.
Presented at trade shows and user conferences and delivered training for customers.
Created and oversaw activities for the Master MSSP. Ken Orzechowski Page 2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Continued
Professional Services Account Manager March 2004 – May 2005 EMC Professional Service Consultant
Provided service sales function for EMC’s commercial group.
Scoped and priced services for engagements and managed service sales cycles.
Acted as a liaison between services organization and sales groups.
Amid changing project scopes or requirements, adept reassessment of professional service contracts was ensured. The role encompassed selling services for storage solutions, server consolidation, and data protection, while managing opportunities from sales to delivery.
Diverse vendor/product environments, including EMC, HP, IBM, and VMware, were navigated seamlessly.
Technical Security Architect / June 1998 – March 2004 Manager of Technical Services
Metropolitan Hospital/Metro Health System, Grand Rapids Michigan
Oversaw security and regulatory compliance during the implementation of EMR.
Compiled internal requirements and implemented HIPAA compliant EMR.
Responsibilities included ensuring the implementation of a HIPAA-compliant EMR across all departments within the healthcare system
Architectural Manager, July 1995 - June 1998
Kellogg Company, Battle Creek Michigan
Implemented global IT standards for LAN servers and managed directory services.
Project management, LAN support, global remote access, and OS coexistence.
Managed project activities related to the design and implementation of Kellogg's directory services in Latin, South, and North America.
EDUCATION
National Institute of Technology, Electronic Engineering Technology, Technical Degree
Grand Valley State University, Bachelor of Science
Grand Valley State University, Post bachelor MBA courses (Accounting, Statistics, Information Management)
SKILLS
Software Deployment • XDR • Managed Detection and Response (MDR) • Internet Security • EDR
(SentinelOne University) • EDR (Cylance) • Troubleshooting • VMware • Project Management • Competitive Analysis • Product Development • Cross-functional Team Leadership • Agile Methodologies • Value Propositions • Security Controls • Problem Solving, Industry standards • Presales Technical Support • DR Planning • Public Speaking • Defining Customer Requirements • Product Technical Demonstrations • System Deployment • Vulnerability Management Coda intelligence Rapid7 Insight • Advanced AI Cybraics • User awareness KnowB4, mimecast • Email security Mimecast, Silversky email.
Contact this candidate