Mohan KV +91-998******* ● ad7uck@r.postjobfree.com
Senior Technology Architect/Manager (MSWPTU) Bangalore –IN www.linkedin.com/in/mohan-k-v-124207a

Solutions Architect / Designing / Processes Improvements / Business Requirement Assessment / Functional Document Preparation / Test Scenario Review / Consulting / Global Delivery / Team Management / Overall Project Management

Profile Summary: Innovative and Talented Technical Architect demonstrating 17+ years of strong experience in leading and delivering technical projects. Exhibiting expertise on overall Ecosystems and platforms like DWS, IaaS, PaaS. Technologies such as MS Intune, M365, MS Exchange, Windows and Linux Servers, Routing and Network Flows, Security and Compliance parameters. Well versed in executing software processes based on process to apply data-driven methodologies to identify root causes, reduce defects, and enhance overall process/software performance.

Project Management: Resourceful in managing wide-ranging projects and excelling in defining project scopes, establishing clear objectives, and blending them with strategic business goals. Efficient in identifying the risks and developing necessary mitigation plans, furthermore ensuring the smooth as well timely project delivery.

Leadership Experience: Proven track record of managing large team up to 50 direct members and 500+ indirect members.
Involved in End to End Project initiation, Discussion, Implementation, Migration, Mitigation of Risks, Security and Cyber Compliance for the Clients and ensured the Processes to follow for the team for smooth BAU post Project mode exit.
With said that, analyzing the business requirements and its need for the right apps and integrating them successfully in the ecosystem considering the Nature of the business.
Proficient in leading a team who delivers defined performances and keeping the stakeholders and management on the progress and issues faced. Conducting regular 1-on-1/team meetings for monthly/review. Carried out several technical change processes where participated in replacing old technology with emerging technological solution. Collaborated in converting manual process into Cloud based eco system.

Areas of expertise – Project Management:

· Planning
· Costing
· Project Plans
· Execution
· Vendor Management
· Project Reports
· Monitoring
· Quality Assurance
· Data Analysis
· Closing
· Project Scope
· Policies
· Data Security
· Conflict Resolution
· Procedures

Professional Experience
Infosys Limited Pvt Ltd – Bangalore since Jun 2021
DWS\EUC\MMS – Senior Technology Architect/Manager (since Jun 21)

Driving the E2E product lifecycle process which involves design, planning, development, testing (functional, security and performance), release management, verification & validation, and deploy milestones to drive project delivery. Adept at synthesizing a variety of technologies, Ecosystem, business models and capabilities into high quality products for respective clients.
Acting as Global Service Delivery Manager for DWS MMS perimeter, mainly responsible for EUC solutions.
Acting as product owner who communicates product requirements with program stakeholders including technology development teams, scrum team, to deliver high quality outcomes to internal and/or external customers.
Proactively resolve impediments, dependencies, and perform effective risk mitigation.
Skilled in development of our customer facing APIs as well as client facing portal applications and availing the best use of tools.
Guiding and translating the product strategy into detailed requirements and prototypes to produce high quality doc
Collaborating with Global engineering teams to deliver and driving product launch
Key Projects Delivered

InTune End Point Manager - Study, Implementation & Migration of InTune Endpoint Manager for Global, India and
other Regions
This is a Two-phase process to study, configure and install Intune MDM Globally for Mobile devices and for Workstations (Modern Desktop Management). Built a blue print of the schema, which suits the organization needs and regional specific requirements.

VMware Workspace One - Study, Design, Implementation & Migration of Workspace One in India and other Regions
This is a Two-phase process to install Workspace One Globally. Built a blue print of the schema, Sizing the infra and server components, which suits the organization needs and regional specific requirements.

Blackberry UEM 12.8.1 Implementation
Study & understand the needs of organization and implement BlackBerry UEM 12.8.1 in the organization and provide Email access and Intranet access to end users in one stretch.

Microsoft Exchange Server 2010 Implementation
Study, Design, Size and deploy 3 Node and 5 Node DAGs in SGGSC. This is two different projects to install exchange 2010 servers in two Data centers

Other Technical Achievements in SGGSC:
Installed and Configured GOOD for Enterprise and Dynamics server for Exchange 2010.
Migrated user’s mailboxes from Lotus notes 6.5 to Exchange 2007 / 2010.
Migration of notes mail in databases to shared mailboxes in exchange 2010.
Email Gateway (Ironport/Sendmail) administration and configuration.
Iron Port and Message Lab administration for anti-spam solution.
Decommission of Exchange 2007, GOOD & BlackBerry infra

Core competencies: System Design, Architecture, Technology, Integration, Interoperability, Optimization, Risk & Mitigation, Security, Compliance, Trouble Shooting, Support, Planning, Network Administration · Business Requirements · Infrastructure Services · End User Training · Customer Experience · Patch Management · Communication

Employment Tracks

Infosys Limited - Bengaluru June 2021 – Till Date Technical Architect – Service Delivery Manager
HCL Pvt Ltd - Bengaluru Jan 2021 –Jun 2021 Associate Consultant – Messaging & Mobility Services
SocieteGenerale – Bengaluru May 2016 – Oct 2021 System Technology Lead – Messaging & Mobility Services
Fidelity Business India Service Ltd – Bengaluru Sept 2012 – May 2016 Senior Systems Engineer
HP GlobalSoft Pvt Ltd – Bengaluru May 2006 – Sept 2012 Systems Engineer

Education Qualifications & Certifications
Bachelor of Science in CBMi– HKES College, Bangalore University,Bangalore
Pre-University in PCMB – Pre-University Board, Bangalore
SSLC – Board of Public Examination, Karnataka

Microsoft Certified Professional (Android Enterprise Architecture & Implementation, Azure Solutions Architect).
MS Intune Lex Certified (within Infosys).
VMware and BlackBerry Certified Professional (VMware Certified Professional, BlackBerry Advanced Accreditation)
Multi faced professional with unique blend of Technical Expertise and Strong Leadership & Project management aptitude.
Contact this candidate