CAREER EXPERIENCE

September **** - Present
LEAD SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT/PROJECT MANAGER/CTO
LONE STAR SYSTEMS, INC - Gilbert, Arizona
Specialize in Systems Integration, automation, cloud implementation/migration, SOA/BI, Informix, Relational Databases, Data Warehousing, Program/Project Management, J2EE and Applications design, development, and integration. Primary responsibility for the successful establishment of all technical services and hands-on implementation and management of development/technical staff for clients. Responsible for development of all project plans, stakeholder management, project budgets, project status reporting, and management of resources.

June 2023 - December 2023
BUSINESS SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT II/PROJECT MANAGER
FREEPORT-MCMORAN, INC - Phoenix, Arizona
Led early "Initiation" IT programs/projects for enterprise solutions to meet prioritized business objectives. Responsible for staying up to date on new business processes, technologies, methodologies, and work facilitation models to create innovation opportunities. Established and cultivated partnerships with internal and external teams to achieve organizational goals. Primary responsibility for the successful establishment of procedures/processes around the lifecycle of SaaS applications for Freeport-McMoRan. Implemented new ID scan application for all Freeport-McMoRan mine sites. Managed the adoption of a new Contractor Management System. Worked on team to recover from the security breach of Freeport-McMoRan in 2023.

April 2018 - October 2022
LEAD SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT
DEXCOM, INC – San Diego, California
Responsible for implementation, integration, and stabilization of multiple enterprise applications. Designated as the lead SME for application and network issues. Implemented/managed ISIS Papyrus Document System for the intake, storage, and distribution of incoming medical insurance documents from doctors and patients. This implementation included integration with SAP, Salesforce, Oracle, Google Cloud, AWS, and many of Dexcom’s internal applications utilizing Boomi, Kafka, UML, and a number of custom utilities. Responsibilities included 24x7 technical support and problem resolution. Also designated as the IT team’s SME for a rollout of SAP SuccessFactors Learning Management System and required integrations.

March 2016 - December 2017
PRODUCT/PROGRAM MANAGER
NETGATE, INC - Austin, Texas
Worked closely with R&D, Marketing, Documentation, Sales, and Support organizations to evolve the Netgate cloud offering to complement Netgate's pfSense Firewall/VPN/router product line. Utilizing strong leadership skills, competitive knowledge, superior problem solving skills, and relationship development with Netgate's partners, Amazon and Azure, Netgate's cloud offerings became highly profitable.

August 2015 - November 2015
SENIOR CONSULTANT
APPDYNAMICS, INC - Austin, Texas
Provided technical leadership within services engagements, translation solution architecture into a technical implementation plan. Worked closely with the AppDynamics technical team, PM and Customer team to ensure the technical components of the engagement were delivered to meet client's business and technical requirements. Primary ownership of all aspects of project technical planning and implementation of Client's solution.

January 2014 - June 2014
DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL FIELD SERVICES
BRIXBITS, INC - Austin, Texas
Developed professional and pre/post sales services that supported BrixBits software's line of tools for JAVA applications, including, installation planning, needs analysis, deployment/implementation, and training services. Responded to RFP/RFQs, onsite support for customer trials, including POCs/Evaluations, presentations/product demonstrations, and product customization. Responsible for the deployment/implementation of BrixBit's suite of tools. This includes all aspects of the post-sales delivery process. Primary responsibility for the successful establishment of all technical services for this Houston based start-up. Subsequently purchased by AppDynamics/Cisco.

June 2008 - October 2013
SENIOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CONSULTANT
BMC SOFTWARE, INC - Austin, Texas
Responsible for the deployment/implementation of BMC Service Automation products. This includes all aspects of the post-sales delivery process. Including qualification of client needs, identification of solutions, technical consultancy, documentation of changes to standard configuration of Service Automation Products, project management, acting as liaison between customer and support/development, and the overall management of professional services during the implementation.

November 2007 - June 2008
ITO SERVICES DELIVERY CONSULTANT IV
HEWLETT PACKARD, INC - Austin, Texas
Responsible for global technology solutions and computer enterprise management to multi-site, multi-national businesses, manufacturing, telecoms, automotive and other key industries, including extended manufacturing, financial services, networking, IT, CRM and e-commerce. Includes RedHat kickstart configuration, CFengine scripting, Nagios monitoring, deployment/test of RedHat Linux server builds/applications, extensive troubleshooting skills, and creation of RPMs.

December 2005 - June 2007
VP OF TECHNICAL SERVICES
NVISION SOFTWARE, INC - Austin, Texas
Responsible for developing and delivering a set of professional and pre-sales services that support nVision Software's line of continuous application availability software solutions, including, installation planning, needs analysis, deployment/implementation, and training services. Also responsible for all technical pre-sales support for the sales organization, including responding to RFP/RFQs, onsite support for customer trials,POCs/Evaluations, presentations/product demonstrations, customer training and product customization. Required in-depth technical knowledge of UNIX, AIX, Linux, Solaris, HPUX, networks, enterprise applications and architecture. This included the AppVision product line and ASGs Sentry and TeVista products.

March 2003 - December 2005
SUPPORT-SERVICES ENGINEERING MANAGER
CESURA, INC - Austin, Texas
Managed post-sales support, including telephone, electronic mail, and in person, as required, to customers and prospects during normal technical support hours and periodic 24-hour on-call support. Documented, diagnosed, and isolated customer reported problems, replicated problems and developed test cases, and worked with engineering to provide workarounds, repair product defects, and create and publish patches. Administered and maintained customer support lab environment including n-tiered application environments and enterprise-class network environments.

July 2002 - November 2003
SALES ENGINEER/SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT
TECHKNOWLEDGY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, INC - Flagstaff, Arizona
Recruited by this solutions provider that specialized in systems integration to establish and grow the Phoenix office. Provided pre-sales and post-sales support for the entire product line, which included Cisco, AT&T, Dell, Compaq Computer, and other major Vendors. Participated in initial calls, responding to RFQs, researching government contracts, installation of products, and post-sales support. Established new customer base in the Phoenix area

January 2001 - November 2001
MANAGER OF SALES ENGINEERING PROGRAMS
COVASOFT, INC - Austin, Texas
Deployed the Covasoft family of real-time diagnostic, automated corrective action and proactive problem avoidance solutions in customer's environments after collaborative assessment of the client's needs and business requirements. Represented the firm with delivery of pre-sale presentations, technical conference calls and with responses to customer's requests for quotation, as well as with solution installation and client training. Key role in ensuring the first product shipped was robust, powerful and thoroughly tested. Demonstrated customer focus with creation of a work-around to allow a smooth dovetail between Covasoft products and an Oracle database that was running on a previously unsupported platform. Generated an order from telecommunications giant Sprint through close coordination with their technical service staff throughout the installation of a product trial at a local government agency.

July 2000 - November 2000
SALES ENGINEERING PROGRAMS MANAGER
GLOBESET, INC - Austin, Texas
Managed multiple customization projects for this secure Internet transaction software development firm while also delivering post-installation technical support and problem resolution expertise. Designed and executed a product and system environment that allowed remote access demonstration of product capabilities to client decision makers in support of the sales effort. Coordinated an on-time, on-budget, fully functional and tested installation at American Express.

September 1997 - July 2000
TECHNICAL MANAGER, CORPORATE SALES ENGINEERING
DAZEL CORPORATION, INC - Austin, Texas
Chosen by this output management company to drive sales and customer satisfaction through delivery of all presales technical activities on international projects, as well as to provide corporate support to all Systems Engineers. Wrote custom applications and bridges to ensure full compatibility and feature maximization between firm and client software and systems. Successfully trained all international sales groups to jump start European, Asian and Australian operations.

March 1997 - September 1997
SENIOR SYSTEMS ENGINEER
H.V. JONES, INC - Austin, Texas
Recruited by this firm that specialized in the Windows environment to establish and grow the Austin office utilizing extensive experience in client management and technical leadership, as well as the ability to deliver the full spectrum of pre- and post-sales support, project management and systems integration. Quickly achieved a sales volume that required expansion from three to nine personnel. Forged a relationship with Applied Materials that represented a constant source of income into the future.

September 1996 - February 1997
SYSTEMS ENGINEER
NETWORK APPLIANCE, INC - Austin, Texas
Conducted support activities for the sales staff, with responsibility for assessment of client needs, delivery of technical presentations, integration of customer filers and resolution of post-sale problems. Turned around a negative relationship with technology icon AMD through close support and systematic elimination of all technical and service-related problems.

September 1991 - September 1996
OPERATIONS MANAGER
TADPOLE TECHNOLOGY, INC - Austin, Texas
Selected by this manufacturer of real-time single board computers and SPARC based notebooks to manage a team of 35 pre-sales engineers, customer support organization, manufacturing, logistics and quality assurance personnel, as well as to provide Level 3 technical support internally and to customers. Extensive experience key to managing both technical and business operations issues. Developed effective quality control procedures and tests to guarantee delivery of strong products.

December 1989 - September 1991
ENGINEERING MANAGER
I.M. SYSTEMS, INC - Scottsdale, Arizona
Responsible for all technical support for the range of products I.M. Systems represents. The product line includes VME vendors, PC Imaging vendors, STD bus vendors, and G-96 bus vendors. Required programming in BASIC, FORTRAN, C, and 680X0 assembly, customer support, field applications engineering, trade show support, and systems integration.
April 1988 - December 1989
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING MANAGER
C.E. SYSTEMS US, INC - Tempe, Arizona
Employed by the United States subsidiary of Creative Electronic Systems of Switzerland. This designer and manufacturer of VME and CAMAC bus products was interested in establishing a US branch to distribute and support their products. Traveled throughout the US providing pre-sale presentations and resolving any technical difficulties customers encountered. Completed hardware training in the area of VME products and software training in pSOS and PDOS, both real-time operating systems. Responsible for writing application notes, data sheets, and product manuals.

June 1986 - February 1988
SYSTEMS ENGINEER
CELERITY COMPUTING, INC - San Diego, California
Recruited by this growing computer supplier due to experience in the support area, strong technical background, and hands-on experience with the UNIX operating system. Position required in-depth knowledge of both hardware and software, pre-sales experience, the ability to communicate effectively with nontechnical personnel, and talents in the conversion of existing programs for use with the new system. Performed site examinations to ensure adequate power availability, installed systems, and frequently converted existing programs for customers to ensure satisfaction with CELERITY Computer Systems.

March 1983 - June 1986
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
MOTOROLA, INC - Scottsdale, Arizona
Secret Security Clearance
Employed in the Integrated Circuits Division assisting in the production of SAW devices. Functions encompassed setup of data files, operating/modifying software, and utilization of CALMA GDS II Graphics System. Provided software support to engineering groups. Devised and implemented mask fabrication procedure utilizing the CALMA system. Project involved cost analysis and determination critical dimensions necessary for production. Selected to train engineers, data analysts, and other staff members in proper use of CALMA system. Developed and debugged Hewlett-Packard ATE test software for new integrated circuits.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Engineering in Computer Systems Engineering
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY - Tempe, Arizona
Specialized Training and Certifications
Java Programming – Sun Educational Services 2002
Interconnecting Cisco Network Devices 2002
MS Windows 2000 Server Administration 2002
Citrix Administration 2005
Itil foundation Training 2008
Cloud LifeCycle Management 2.0/3.0 2012
BMC Server Automation 8.2 2013
AWS Certified Solutions Architect 2018
Papyrus Objects System Administrator Workshop 2020
THR80 Introduction to SAP SuccessFactors Academy 2021
THR88 SAP SuccessFactors Learning Academy 2022
Skills and Technologies
.NET, AIX, Anti-Spam applications/technologies, AppDynamics, Application Management/Monitoring, AWS, Azure, Azure DevOps, BladeLogic, BMC Atrium CMDB, BMC Atrium Orchestrator, BMC Cloud Life Cycle Management, BMC BladeLogic, Boomi, Chef, Cisco, Cloud Services, Dockers, FreeBSD, GIT, HPUX, IIS, ISNetworld, JAVA, JavaScript, JBoss, JRockit, JSON, Kafka, LDAP, Linux, Messaging technologies, NAS, Netcool, Neural Networks, OpenSource, OpenStack, OpenView, Oracle, PDOS, pfSense, Postfix, PSOS, Puppet, Python, RAID, RedHat, REST, RPM, SaaS, Salt, SAN, SAP SuccessFactors, Sendmail, SMTP, SNMP, SOA, SQL Server, SunNet Manager, SUSE, TCP/IP, Tier 1 Databases, Tivoli, TLS, UML, UniCenter, UNIX, VMWare, VxWorks, WebLogic, WebSphere, Windows, XML, Xpath, XSLT

Billy Baskett
SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT/PROJECT MANAGER
1283 E Tradewind Dr, Gilbert, Arizona 85234
512-***-****
ad7vdb@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/billybaskett
Contact this candidate