Michael Reiber
ad8083@r.postjobfree.com • 732-***-**** •
.
OBJECTIVE: Open to opportunities to leverage my experience and skills in a technically challenging role that helps a company “move the needle”. EXPERIENCE: I have worked in direct customer facing roles, indirect customer facing roles, engineering roles, lab environments, and as a trainer. I have worked with both commercial and federal customers. I have had roles dedicated to the financial sector, but have also worked with customers in many different market segments - digital native, healthcare, media & entertainment, ISV, and others. In my most recent role as a Principal Solutions Architect, I provided customer and partner facing technical assistance to both demonstrate the value of our solutions but also to differentiate our products from the rest of the marketplace. I also provided technical guidance to our Sales Engineering team both in sales cycles but also in building customized solutions to drive value for current and prospective customers. I was responsible for the Sales teams technical assets in the cloud and built automated tools to help manage, monitor, and as needed deploy those assets. I supported the sales, partner management, and marketing teams. In the previous role as a Senior Storage Specialist Solutions Architect, I worked in conjunction with a Storage Specialist Salesperson to initiate, accelerate, and unblock opportunities in the cloud that involve AWS Storage services with the largest financial institutions in the world. This included keeping close relationships with both the account teams and the customer personas. This allows me to invent, build, and demonstrate to those customers the art of what is possible. In other previous roles as a pre-sales engineer I have worked with my customers to understand their needs and architect solutions that provide compelling solutions. I have worked with multiple Vendors – EMC, IBM, HDS, Netapp, Pure, Nutanix, Scality, Ctera, etc – to find solutions that provide the customer with the best value and deliver these solutions in a CAPEX or OPEX/Cloud delivery model. My areas of greatest knowledge are Storage – Block/File/Object – and Data Management/Data Protection solutions. However, I have participated in architecting solutions that cover almost all areas of the IT infrastructure environment. CAREER EXPERIENCE:
Clumio - Principal Solution Architect
Jan 2023 - present
● Sales - Sales Support
o Provide expertise to sales team around different technical aspects of our solution
o Training/Guidance to our Sales Engineers on our sales process o Work with customers to address unique requirements and develop and deliver customized solutions utilizing our existing products to help close deals and drive customer satisfaction.
● Partner Management - one of my primary roles was to support the partner team in building pipeline through our partners and exploring technical partnerships
o Delivered presentations, demos, and deep dive discussions around our products differentiation in the marketplace.
o Delivered training and enablement for our partners o Tested and built technical proof of concepts around solutions integrated with existing and potential partners
● Marketing - supported marketing efforts through in person attendance at AWS events. Providing technical demos and discussion as part of our involvement at those events.
● Note: Initially I joined Clumio as a Sales Engineer, but transitioned to my current role at the beginning of 2024.
AWS - Senior Solution Architect (Storage Specialist) May 2020 - Jan 2023
● Sales - Sales Support
o Maintain expertise on Storage Services in the cloud including Block, File, and Object storage solutions as well as Hybrid storage solutions, Data Migration solutions, and cloud native Backup solutions.. o Enable account teams
o Support customer engagements
o Lead opportunities that touch on my area of focus: creating and sharing demonstrations, supporting POCs, enabling customers/others via training, many to one presentations, and written and recorded material.
ViON – Solutions Architect/Sales Engineer
ViON is a cloud solution provider
September 2017 – May 2020
● Sales - Sales Support
o Evaluating and responding to customer RFIs and RFPs. o Technology presentations that vary from high-level overviews to deep dives/demos on various technology solutions.
o Sales care and feeding. Keeping customers happy.
● Technology Expertise – I also support the CTO office by evaluating and suggesting vendors and solutions with which ViON should partner (primarily for Object Storage solutions)
● Training and Sharing – Work with vendors to keep their technology solutions up to date and share that information with my colleagues (other solutions architects and account managers).
Bluearc Corp./HDS (Bluearc became part of HDS in 2011) Sales Engineer & Professional Service Engineer
May 2008 – September 2017
Bluearc Corp. provided high performance network attached storage solutions. HDS provides world-class storage solutions.
● Pre-Sales Engineer (HDS) File and Content specialist supporting sales teams in the Eastern half of the United States.
● Post Sale (Bluearc Corp.) support of customer base in the Eastern Region of the Americas. Worked as part of the sales team to offer both new and existing customers storage solutions highly specialized to their environment. Maintained good relationships with customer base to assure satisfaction with their current solutions and to help drive new opportunities. I worked and interacted with the worldwide PSE team and Engineering to maintain good technical understanding of issues/new procedures and to stay current with new products as they were rolled out. I worked closely with pre-sales engineers and account managers to offer technical assistance to provide continuity in the sales process.
● PSE of the year for the Eastern Region 2009.
● PSE of the year for the company 2010.
● CSC (HDS) – Acting as File and Content Specialist for the Delaware Valley District. Assist other organizations (Sales, Professional Services, Proof of Concept team) to provide in-depth HNAS (former Bluearc product line) expertise. Created a training program on HNAS for CSC field personnel and presented that training throughout the Americas. Also trained others to present the material.
CommVault Systems, Oceanport, NJ
Product Certification Engineer
August 1999 – May 2008
CommVault Systems provides enterprise level data management solutions including data protection and recovery, data migration, and data archiving.
● Certification of CommVault Software on various Networked Attached Storage
(NAS) hardware. The CommVault Software supports data management activities on the NAS hardware of multiple hardware partners: Netapp, EMC, BlueArc, and Hitachi.
● Test our software with vendors, either onsite, on vendor location or remotely.. This certification was done on a continuous basis, both when there was a new release of CommVault Software (which happened bi-annually) and when any partner releases a new version of an OS for their hardware (which happened two to four times a year).
● Primary contact person for our Customer Support group on any NAS related issues require me to work directly with both our partners and customers.
● Standardizing certification process by creating test cases on new and existing software functionality, executing those test cases, and documenting results for the customer. I have created various command line and web based tools
- primarily written in Perl/ Python - to facilitate the execution of these test cases. I have created various certification procedures used by our partners to test our software, and I have been responsible for reviewing our partners certification procedures and results.
Lockheed Martin – Valley Forge, PA
Management & Data Systems
Systems Engineer
July 1993 – August 1999
● Systems Engineer for a large-scale software development contract. Job entailed system requirement review for feasibility and cost analysts. Breaking down system level requirements into segment level requirements and eventually into software requirements. Creation and execution of test plans to verify those requirements, and some software development in my areas of expertise.
● Supported the Simulation group. Key area of success was the breakdown of the system level requirements for an antenna subsystem on the simulation, writing the software design document for that system and then implementing/writing the code. Also worked on other areas in the simulation group mainly focused on requirement breakdown and requirement verification.
● Supported the Command and Control Group. I was brought into the Command and Control Group specifically to provide support on the command and control side for the antenna sub-system, which I worked on in the Simulation group. This primarily focused on the vetting out of the software design document and the implementation of the code (in the form of a compilable database).
● Supported other groups. Supported other groups in related areas of business. This included support of helicopter simulation in Albuquerque, NM for which I won a Lockheed Martin Pride award.
EDUCATION: Michigan Technical University
Houghton, MI
BS - Electrical Engineering with Electromagnetics concentration Graduated Summa Cum Laude with a 3.97 GPA
May 1993
References available upon request
Contact this candidate