AHMED RAGAB, MBA
858-***-****
ad82hy@r.postjobfree.com

Cybersecurity Advisor / Channel Manager

CAREER SUMMARY

Enterprise Cybersecurity Advisor / Channel Manager / leader with over 20 years of experience in innovative technical and business Cybersecurity solutions for Fortune 1000 / 500 clients. Dynamic and results-oriented leader with a demonstrated history of success cultivating and nurturing strong partner relationships. Eager to utilize my extensive experience in channel management to drive revenue growth and capture market share. Dedicated to fostering strategic alliances that push
organizational achievement.

CERTIFICATES/CERTIFICATIONS

AWS Cloud Practitioner, Fortinet, VMware VTSP, Cisco Meraki Network Associate (CMNA), Certified CompTIA Cloud Essentials, CTP (Convergence Technology Professional), CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate),

EDUCATION

Master’s Degree - MBA, Keller Graduate School of Management 2012
Bachelor’s Degree -Technical Management, DeVry University 2010

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Senior Channel Manager / Cybersecurity Advisor, Optiv Security 2022 - Present
Recruit, qualify, and manage Agents
Implement channel programs and policies as directed by the leadership team
Orchestrated the development and execution of strategic channel sales plans, leading to a remarkable
20% boost in revenue in the initial year.
Cultivated relationships with pivotal channel partners, yielding a notable 25% increase in market share
Work with marketing and training coordinators to ensure the training needs of the Agents are met
Continuously updates Agents on new products, product changes, rate changes, etc.
Responds to Agent inquiries regarding installation timeliness and related issues
Strong fundamental understanding of technical security solutions and how they address customer risk exposure and use cases:
Firewall, Email and Web security, NDR, MDR, EDR and EPP solutions, NAC, MDM
IAM, MFA, SSO, CASB, PAM, Visibility and Analytics, SIEM, Zero Trust

Cybersecurity Sales Manager, Netscout / Arbor Networks (Consultant) 2022 - 2022
Recruit, qualify, and manage Agents
Implement channel programs and policies as directed by the leadership team

Sr. Channel Manager (DC / Colo. Cloud, Cybersecurity), INAP (Internap) 2020 - 2022
Developed, implemented, and streamlined operational workflows to improve the
recruiting, onboarding, training, and quote-to-contract processes with strategic
resale, MSSP and white-label partners.
Led the Channel Team of 3 very seasoned professionals to drive awareness,
demand, and joint sales by building relationships, training, channel management,
and sales enablement.
Directed Channel Partners through designing and implementing Managed

Sr. Channel Manager (SD-WAN / Security Specialist), Windstream Enterprise 2018 - 2020
Work closely with customers to review, design, and implement secure, scalable, resilient and cost-effective solutions (Cloud (AWS, MS Azure), IaaS, SaaS, datacenter, security (FW, IDS/IPS, EDR, NDR, XDR, SOAR…), SD-WAN (VeloCloud, Fortinet, Cisco Meraki…) SDN, NFV, UCaaS / SIP) to Fortune 1000 accounts
Sr. Sales Engineer (SD-WAN / Specialist), Telstra Global 2017 - 2018
Work closely with customers to review, design, and implement secure, scalable, resilient and cost-effective solutions (Cloud (AWS, MS Azure), IaaS, SaaS, datacenter, security (Palo Alto), SD-WAN (VeloCloud, SilverPeak, Viptela, Cisco Meraki…) SDN, NFV, UCaaS / SIP) to Fortune 500 / 1000 accounts

Sr. Sales Engineer, NTTA COMMUNICATIONS / DIMENSION DATA 2015 - 2017
Work closely with customers to review, design, and implement secure, scalable, resilient and cost effective solutions (Cloud (AWS, MS Azure), IaaS, SaaS, datacenter, Cloud attached storage (EMC, NetApp…), security (Palo Alto), SD-WAN Cisco iWAN, Silverpeak…), SDN, NFV, UCaaS / SIP) to Fortune 500 / 1000 accounts (Baxter, Cisco, NetApp, Symantec / Blue Coat, Kellogg, Discount tires, Square…)
Engage both internally and externally with Director, VP and C-level staff providing critical perspective and guidance on Cloud and Data Center outsourcing strategy, investments and innovation.
Provide expertise in cloud services including IaaS (MS Azure, AWS, Google…), PaaS, and SaaS with knowledge of virtualization techniques such as VMware, Citrix, Microsoft, and KVM.
Datacenter, private, public (OpenStack), hybrid cloud, SD-WAN, UCaaS design support and upgrade.
Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the NTT Cloud Sales Engineering community.
Large-scale systems integration involving on-premises technology, virtual private, hybrid, and public cloud platforms.
Responsible for proposal generation for all technical designs and solutions including price proposal, hardware /

Sr. Manager/Product Marketing/Cloud Computing, TELEPACIFIC COMMUNICATIONS 2011 - 2015
Lead product planning, strategy development including forecasting, and business case management to introduce new features for cloud computing (IaaS, UCaaS, SaaS…), SD-WAN, SDN, NFV, security)
Manage/improve product performance in terms of revenue, margin, and customer acquisition.
Lead market research and competitive analysis: Perform market research and quantify market opportunities to improve revenue and margin performance of cloud computing and Datacenter services.
Facilitate knowledge transfer of product requirements to Operational, IT and Engineering requirements.
Develop partnerships and work with our partner’s local sales team to identify opportunities ((AWS, MS Azure) Cloud attached storage (EMC, NetApp…), Cisco, Microsoft, HPE, Zscaler, Ipanema, Sonus…)
Lead product development, IT, pre-sales engineers, and operations, to ensure product goals are met in a timely manner.
Leverage project management expertise to track, manage, and report product related project activities and schedules to CEO, and SVP of product management / marketing.
Lead development of customer and internal communications regarding product launch, promotions, and technical bulletins.

Network Design Specialist PAETEC / WINDSTREAM 2009 - 2011
Lead Datacenter, security, and cloud computing development efforts.
Create and deliver product presentations, and training to both technical and non-technical customers (CEOs, CIOs, and CFOs).
Work closely with customers to review, design and implement secure, scalable, resilient and cost effective converged / Cloud based solutions from companies such as Avaya, Mitel, Allworx, Cisco, Juniper and Extreme LAN/WAN engineering services, Virtual Private Networks, Voice over IP, SIP, MPLS, BGP, high bandwidth Internet applications, and Network Security Services to Fortune 500/1000 existing and new accounts (Clear Channel, CMC steel, Rush enterprise..)

Business Development, SPERCO CONSULTING GROUP 2008 - 2009
Work closely with customers to review, design and implement secure, scalable, resilient and cost-effective networks to Fortune 500/1000 accounts (Grainger, Hyatt, OfficeMax, United Stationers, and United Airlines).
Create and deliver product presentations to both technical and non-technical customers.
Responsible for proposal generation for all technical designs and solutions including price proposal, hardware / software proposal, Visio/PowerPoint diagrams, and detailed statement of work (SOW).
Contact this candidate