MSIZI CHILI PROFESSIONAL EXPRIENCE
REFERENCES
Metonymy - Taona Madawo (Solutions Architect) : +27-73-472-**** TRAQ Softwar Solutions - Nselelo Hlathwayo (Senior IT Administrator) : +27-71-064-**** Time Freight – Qino Mkhonza (IT Technician Team Leader): +27-82-692-**** About
Results-driven IT professional with over 10 years of experience in cloud engineering and systems
administration, seeking to leverage extensive technical expertise and leadership skills as an IT Lead. Proven track record of managing diverse teams, driving project success and implementing innovative technology
solutions that enhance operational efficiency. Strong communicator with a collaborative approach to
problem-solving and a passion for mentoring and
developing talent within the IT field. Committed to improving a positive work environment and aligning IT strategies with business objectives to drive growth and success.
SKILLS
• Project Management
• Scrum, Agile methodologies
• Requirement analysis
• Business Analysis
• Organizational Skills
• Software project management
Computer Skills
• Linux/Windows Server
• VMware And Virtual Box
• FortiGate
• DNS, DHCP, MECM, File
• AWS Cloud architecture
• Linux Admin CentOS, Mint & ubuntu
• Microsoft 0355 Admin & exchange
• Atlassian Jira, Confluence.. Zoho
Computer Languages:
MYSQL, HTML, PHP, CSS, Phython
Monitoring Tools:
Nagios, Prometheus, Spacewalk, Mping, The
Dude, Datadogs, Cloudwatch…
INTERNATIONAL CERTIFICATION
Certified scrum product owner (CSPO)
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA 200-301)
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate (SAA-
C03)
E: ad82g9@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 079-***-****
Alternative contact: 079-***-****
DOB: 1993/04/08
Gender: Male
Health: Very Good
Driver’s License: Code B
Nationality: South African
Languages: English & IsiZulu
Information Technology Agency (SITA)
Specialist - Server Administrator (Feb 2024 – Current)
Mentored junior staff and collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and resolve technical issues, fostering a culture of knowledge sharing.
Ensure the stable operation of our Windows server infrastructure including DNS, DHCP, file and print services, clustering, DFS, GPOs, Terminal Services and licensing
Administered EntraID, AD & Sharepoint to maintain secure identity management and access control across the organisation, enhancing security and compliance standards.
Worked with Azure & Oracle Cloud to deploy and manage cloud infrastructure services, contributing to seamless integration with existing systems. Freeway Fleet Management (T4 COMPUTER SYSTEMS CC)
Cloud & Infrastructure Engineer – (Sept 2023 – Jan 2024)
Leading a team of Support Engineers to solve emergent issues using ticketing system.
Ensuring all objectives and metrics set by the department head are fulfilled.
Responsible for the implementing, testing, and operating of facilities and procedures for disaster recovery from loss of product and enterprise computing facilities.
Implementing security initiatives.
Managing and execute project deliverables, communicating with the stake holders affected both internal and external
Collaborating within the cloud and infrastructure department to evaluate and identify optimal cloud solutions. Developing and maintaining cloud solutions in accordance with best practices.
Educating internal teams on the implementation of new cloud technologies and initiatives. BluNOVA (Blue Label Telecoms)
AWS Support Engineer – Senior (March 2023 – Sept 2023)
Leading a team of Support Engineers to solve emergent issues using ticketing system.
Researching, diagnosing, troubleshooting, and identifying solutions to resolve issues.
Deploying and maintaining AWS resources (Lambda, cloudwatch,SNS, S3, DynamoDB, RDS, EC2, Step functions, AppStream,ECR,ECS,…) and optimising AWS cost
Ensured operational documents were up to date, tested, and distributed appropriate
Working with other group companies & cross-functional teams remotely to resolve issues and deploy new services.
Metonymy (Blake Group)
Lead Support Engineer (June 2020 – August 2022)
Managing and maintain AWS cloud environment.
Managed A team and provided exceptional primary support to remote clients throughout SA.
Expertly supported and diagnosed tier 2 & 3 issues, resolving them with efficiency & accuracy.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define systems requirements for new technology implementations, ensuring successful deployments.
Tracked, resolved, and reported status of events to ensure seamless operations and enhance customer satisfaction.
Mentored and guided team members, providing direction for process improvement initiatives and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.
Effortlessly deployed, monitored, maintained, upgraded, and supported Linux systems, showcasing exceptional technical skills.
Ensure operational documents are up to date, tested and distributed where needed.
Undertake change submission role including submitting new change requests. TRAQ Software Solutions (Blake Group) Systems Admin (June 2019 – June 2020) Time Freight - IT Support Technician (May 2017 – May 2019) LIV Village - I.T Help-Desk Technician (July 2016 – Nov 2016) Varsity College - Help Desk Support (January 2014 – June 2015) EDUCATION
Postgraduate Diploma in Information Technology Management at MANCOSA – in 2024
(IT Law, IKM, Strategic Management, Advanced Project Management, Information Security) Diploma in I.T Networking Management at Varsity College – 2016
(Database Management, Network Design, Network Architecture, Computer Architecture) Higher certificate in IT support services at Varsity College – 2014
Contact this candidate