CHINNARASU A
System Engineer
Chinnarasuarumugam*@gmail.
com
894*******
linkedin.com/in/chinnarasu-a-bb14ba2a3
Dedicated System Engineer with one year and 10 months of experience, AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate (SAA-C03). Specializing in LinuX & WINDOWS system administration and infrastructure support. Seeking a challenging role to apply my technical skills and contribute to the success of a dynamic organization.
Technical Skills
LinuX System Administration
Operating Systems: - CentOS, Ubuntu, RHEL, Windows, KALI, Oracle Shell System Optimization and Tuning
Security :- SELinuX, Firewalls, SSH Hardening
AWS ( Amazon Web Services ) Cloud Platform :- EC2, S3, VPC, Route53, Lambda Virtualization :- VMWare, VitrualBoX
Networking :- TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VLANs, BGP
Troubleshooting and Problem Solving
Backup and Recovery :- Bacula, Rsync, Cobian backup. Web Servers :- Apache, IIS, Tomcat, Nginx
Storage and Memory Management :- LVM, SWAP
Monitoring and Logging :- CheckMK, Performance, Logs Documentation and Reporting
Project management Tools :- JIRA, ERPNext, Asset Management. SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) Tools :- Wazuh, Nessus Work Experience
ZYBISYS CONSULTING SERVICES, Bengaluru
System Engineer
Oct 2024 - present
Troubleshoot, Managed and maintained complex server infrastructures running LinuX and Windows OS. Focused on ensuring high availability, performance, and security across diverse environments, adapting to evolving client requirements. Researched, evaluated, and integrated new tools into production environments. Enhanced system capabilities and streamlined operations, contributing to continuous improvement and innovation. Performed regular patch updates and managed network configurations to ensure systems were up- to-date and secure. This proactive approach minimized vulnerabilities and enhanced network performance. Oversaw data center management, maintaining optimal physical and virtual infrastructure.
Utilized Terraform to script and automate the deployment of infrastructure. Ensured consistent, repeatable deployments, reducing the time and effort required for setting up new environments and scaling existing ones.
Associate System Engineer Des 2023 - March 2024
Provided technical support to clients, addressing a wide range of issues and ensuring timely resolution to maintain smooth operations. Developed strong relationships with clients by offering effective solutions and maintaining clear communication. Created and managed servers with both LinuX and Windows operating systems. Ensured optimal performance, reliability, and security of servers, tailored to meet the specific needs of each client. Automated routine tasks using Ansible and Bash shell scripts. This initiative significantly reduced manual workload, minimized errors, and improved overall operational efficiency. Monitored system health to detect and address potential issues proactively. Implemented robust backup solutions to ensure data integrity and availability, enhancing the overall reliability of client systems. Managed data center operations, ensuring seamless connectivity, and optimized resource utilization. Utilized Jira for effective task and issue management, tracking progress, and ensuring timely completion of projects.
CERTIFICATION
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate ( SAA-C03 ) Education
Graduation (BSC)
MGAC Autonomus -
Vellore
12TH (BIO-MATHS)
2019 - 2022
2017 - 2019
10TH
2017
Language
Tamil
English
Kannada
Contact this candidate