Brian C. Connelly
**** ******** ****** **
Sylva, NC 28769
828-***-****
ad8j3x@r.postjobfree.com

MISSION STATEMENT

Innovative, visionary Management Executive and Business Solutions Architect with track record of fusing technology vision and strategy with business requirements to reach and surpass goals in technology implementation, large-scale project management, and organizational growth. Over 30+ years of experience in technical and management-level IT positions, achieving success in startup, turnaround, and high-growth environments. Excels in driving cost-sensitive improvements in performance, quality, and service delivery that benefits the bottom line.

COMPUTER SKILLS
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows Servers, Linux, XenServer/XenDesktop/Citrix, VMWare,Unix

Applications: Google hosted Apps, Microsoft Office Suite, Health Care and related management systems
Programming: Python,bash,c++
Web: Microsoft Internet Information Server (admin.), Apache Web Server (admin.), Content Management systems, DNS

Security: firewalls, Intrusion detection systems. Nessus. Citrix Netscalers.

Hardware:
Windows,CISCO UCS/ Dell/EMC SAN, Avamar / DataDomain / miscellaneous PC hardware.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Fluor FGG (Federal Government Group) -- Senior Systems Administrator Level III
(2010-Current)

●IT Technical Engineering Data Center Support
●Citrix Administration and design/Architect
●VMWARE ESX Administration\Support\Design\Architect
●Metric Reporting and system monitoring
●VDI implementation and design using advanced internal Cloud builds
●Active Directory administration and Support.
●Escalation Manager for VMWARE and Citrix and Linux based products.

At Fluor/FGG I have been active senior engineer for VMWARE/Citrix for the entire enterprise. For the last 7 years I have worked entirely remote for Fluor Government Group. I manage all new architecture and designs and continued customer support maximizing the best performance and usability for our clients. This includes world wide private networks utilizing satellites and many other methods.

DELL (NOS) Network Operating Systems Analyst for High Complex Alternate Operating Systems. (2006 - 2009)
●Third Level support for high complex issues for Linux/VMWARE/XEN/RedHat/Microsoft
●Trained across departments how to utilize Linux/Vmware with OpenManage in troubleshooting and diagnosing issues.
●Escalation point for High Complex issues with VMWARE/Redhat and Oracle.
●Completed Vmware DSA class: Deploy Secure and Analyze -- Working to complete the VCDX: VMware Certified Design Expert

CIO/CTO- Connelly Management Inc., Charleston, SC (2001 – Aug 2006)
Connelly Management owned and operated several healthcare related businesses from Long Term Care and Therapy to Pharmacies and Hospice Care companies.

Selected Accomplishments:
1.Operations Reengineering – Transformed 49 year-old management group supporting several different facilities into a cohesive manageable unit.
2.Systems Performance – Reversed prior history of data loss and unscheduled downtime by analyzing, pinpointing, and resolving core faults, leading to little if any downtime.
3.Cost Containment – Lowered overhead and costs by coordinating all vendor relationships to unify purchasing through different operational units. Initiated movement to veer group towards open standards software and away from expensive software proprietary licensing.
4.IT Solutions – Turned pre-involvement systems from complicated, error-riddled state to fully functional, cost-effective systems, Implemented WANs/LANs and thin clients.
5.Automation of Drug Delivery - Implemented the first successful pilot program with approval from the South Carolina Board of Pharmacy and the FDA of an automatic/robotic drug fulfillment system that can be used in long-term care or prison systems which reduces the risk of theft and improper medication delivery in real-time.
6.Material Management – Introduced a materials management system that integrated into billing in real time.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER/Founder- Enterprise Communication & Messaging Solutions, Columbia, SC (1998 – 2000)

Selected Accomplishments:
●Executive-Level Relationships – Worked successfully with senior executive teams at Fortune 500 corporations to build reliable applications around email and MS Exchange systems.
●Profit & Quality Objectives – Grew Company that specialized in R.E.A.D. production of applications (Rapid Enterprise Application Development/Deployment), achieving lower-cost development cycles while maintaining high quality standards.
●Project Management – Built applications for Microsoft (MS TechNet knowledge management system) and completed series of projects for high-profile companies in various industries, including Pfizer, Snapper, and Deloitte & Touche, and Texaco.
●Successful Merger – From startup to successful merger with ITFactory.

INTERNET SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGIST- The Computer Group/U.S. Connect, Columbia, SC (1996 – 1998)

Selected Accomplishments:
●Training & Support – Created Information Technology training programs for teachers and educators in NC and SC public school systems. Advised education sales division on current trends and practices.
●Security Enhancements – Strengthened performance by implementing security features (e.g. firewall) and standard operating procedures.

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER/Founder- South Carolina SuperNet Inc., Columbia, SC (1994 – 1999)

Selected Accomplishments:
●Technology Contributions – Developed software applications for intranets, created numerous web sites and animations, and provided design/programming in all business areas. Built total billing and support system for ISP, designed LANs/WANs and firewall systems.
●Business Development – Grew business from startup to over $2 million in sales within 2 years, with subsequently successful merger and IPO.
●Staff Building – Recruited and trained highly talented, loyal team from local resources.

CERTIFICATIONS
●MCSE
●CLPI-2 (Linux Certification)
●VCP Vmware Certified Professional./Architect
●RHCE RedHat Certified
●Xen Certified Administrator

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, University of South Carolina (Columbia)
Contact this candidate