references available upon request
Samuel Musser
ad8y0b@r.postjobfree.com /samuelmusser/ 801-***-**** Killeen, Texas Summary
Highly skilled M365 Cloud Solutions Architect with over 24 years of creating innovative solutions, managing projects, executing conversions and migrations. Proficient in a wide range of technologies, including AI Builder, Dataverse, MS-SQL, Power Apps, Power Automate Flows, SSRS Reports, Power BI, Share- Point Online, MS Forms, Nintex Forms, Nintex Workflows and SP Workflows. Experienced in utilizing MS Graph for AD memberships, to control Power Apps permissions within the app, itself. Adept at Agile project management and user story writing. ITIL Certified - IT Service Management. Holds a current MBI Clearance for the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Work Experience
Converting paper processes into an electronic records by architecting a solution using MS AI Builder, Dataverse, Power Apps (model driven) and Power Automate flows. Collaborate with SP/SPO technical experts as well as internal and external customers to resolve complicated technical issues. Influence managers and officials to accept and implement findings and recommendations. Scheduled and participated in meetings with the MS consulting team, leadership, and contractors to discuss questions on migrated content and the modern development of each SPO site and Power App. Created PowerShell script for tenant administrators, streamlining administrative tasks and enhancing efficiency in managing M365 tenant resources and configurations.
Developed a Power BI dashboard to visualize and analyze M365 tenant key data, providing actionable insights for decision-makers. Conducted rigorous quality assurance and testing of future releases of new applications to ensure functionality, reliability, and user satisfaction. Define innovative programs and/or administrative operations in consideration of internal and external dynamics and advance application and tools development. For example, I design and develop solutions meeting business objectives through leveraging SPO and the associated software which includes MS Power Apps, Power Automate and Power Business Intelligence. I create and develop issue trackers, project request forms with various fields, applying rules and logic for full functionality. Collaborate with cross-functional teams in partnership with internal and external stakeholders from a variety of workgroups to support the development and deployment of technology solutions.
Created custom lists based on tracking 508 compliance for three global Power apps that contain workflows, versioning, and formulas. Thus, maximizing M365 automation for the coordination of working groups. Knowledge of project manage- ment tools and techniques for planning, scheduling, implementing, closeout, and evaluation of complex projects and studies.
Skills
Leadership
Self motivated
Strong verbal
& written communication
Efficient
Adaptable to change
Teamwork focused
Exceptional analytical
& problem-solving
Quick learner
Creativity
Technical
Expertise (years)
M365
AI Builder - (0.5 years)
Dataverse - (3 years)
Power Apps - (7.5 years)
Power Automate - (7.5 years)
Power BI - (7.5 years)
Back-End
C# - (15 years)
CAML - (12 years)
JSON - (7 years)
.Net 4.8 / 6.0 - (4 years)
PHP - (15 years)
Rest API - (12 years)
Database
MS SQL - (15 years)
My SQL - (12 years)
Mongo DB - (1 year)
PL/SQL - (10 years)
Front-End
Angular - (7 years)
Bootstrap - (8 years)
CSS 3 / 4 - (23 years)
HTML 4 / 5 - (25 years)
JavaScript - (21 years)
jQuery - (10 years)
React - (1 year)
Utility / Other
PowerShell - (10 years)
TypeScript - (7 years)
XML - (12 years)
XSLT - (12 years)
091224.2
M365 Cloud Solutions Architect
iSoft Solution - Alexandria, VA
Power Platform Developer / Architect Sept 2023 - Present page 1
references available upon request
Samuel Musser
Work Experience
Spearheaded new or modified procedures, goals, objectives, evaluation plans, procedures, and methodologies. Due to the migration to Microsoft M365, for fresh solutions, conversions, and migrations for the IRS, leveraging a diverse set of technologies, including:
MS-SQL On-Prem: Converted the TEFRA application hosted on SharePoint On-Prem 2013 with MS-SQL On-Prem as the backend, to a new Power App to enhance data management, accessibility, and ensure data integrity. Power Automate Flows: Implemented automated flows to optimize productivity, also converted from Nintex workflows and SharePoint On-Prem 2013 workflows. SSRS Reports: Converted SSRS reports for data analysis and visualization to Power BI for the TEFRA (Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act) application. SharePoint Online Forms: Crafted custom forms using SharePoint Online for efficient data collection and management. Migrated Nintex Forms to SPO Forms. Utilized MS Graph for Active Directory groups to control Power Apps permissions, ensuring data security within applications.
Completed work independently, providing guidance to others while meeting deadlines. Architecting a mutually acceptable project plan within a framework of priorities, and overall project objectives.
Collaborated with business units to assist in writing requirements to the IT department for necessary configuration changes. Documented the setup and configuration of Power Apps within the M365 ecosystem. Ensured compliance with Section 508 requirements for Power Apps components. Created templates for Power BI and established component libraries for Power Apps. Knowledge of oral communication techniques to present findings and deliver briefings, help others in understanding and accepting findings and recommendations, and negotiate solutions to disputed recommendations. Played a pivotal role in collecting user requirements using Agile project management methodologies.
Authored user stories for projects, colleagues, and leadership, facilitating clear communication and project alignment with SB/SE department. Led a team of developers, business analysts, and administrators responsible for the organizational-wide intranet (we named Pulse) and supported over 29,000 end users. Managed the annual operating budget for the intranet team, including salary, hardware, software, licensing, training, travel, and all other expenditures. Demonstrated and evaluated the analytical methods to identify and measure accomplishments and progress, revised methods and developed novel approaches to information gathering. Knowledge of project management tools and techniques to plan, schedule, and conduct projects, mission, organization, work processes and related administrative activities to identify actual or potential problem areas, trends, deficiencies, or other similar factors affecting operations. Extracted and analyzed actual and projected hours for large projects. Matched actual and projected hours to each project code used. Analyzed and compared projected roll-up hours and codes. Presented this project detailed information to leadership, quarterly, to keep us on track.
Software
Adobe Creative Suite
Acrobat
Illustrator
InDesign
Photoshop
Premiere
XD
Asana
GitHub
Google
Analytics
Data Studio
Jira
Microsoft & M365
DevOps (formerly TFS)
Excel
Power Apps
Power Automate
Power Bi
Power Point
Project
SharePoint 2007
SharePoint 2010
SharePoint 2013
SharePoint 2016
SharePoint 2019
SharePoint Online (SPO)
SharePoint Designer
SQL Server
Stream
Visio
Visual Studio Code
Visual Studio Pro
Word
Mongo DB Compass
Postman
ServiceNow
091224.2
M365 Cloud Solutions Architect
Insight Global - Atlanta, GA
Mar 2023 - Sept 2023
Senior SharePoint /
Power Platform Developer / Architect
page 2
continued
University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT
IT Manager / Lead Developer / Architect Nov 2011 - July 2022 ad8y0b@r.postjobfree.com /samuelmusser/ 801-***-**** Killeen, Texas references available upon request
Samuel Musser
Work Experience
Created a few Power BI dashboards for various business groups, showing patient experience data connected to the Epic data warehouse. Also created other dashboards with SQL DBs as the data source. Familiar with and used DAX in my Power BI work.
Architected and assisted with creating over eight hundred automations, including SharePoint integration to Oracle People Soft (PL/SQL) via C# .Net timer jobs, C# .Net event receivers and other departmental electronic routings using SP Designer workflows.
Led online training seminars demonstrating and detailing all site features. Analyzed and documented findings, making re- visions regarding pre-production migrated SP knowledge base content. Completed all phases of a project and was respon- sible for planning, organizing, evaluating, while coordinating with other departments. Made recommendations for supervisory review with organizational goals, guidelines, and effectiveness in achieving objectives. Suggestions were shared with others outside the organization who may be affected by the implementation of the recommendation. The work consisted of projects and studies which require analysis and evaluation of interrelated issues. Decisions are complicated by the uncertainties about internal and external variables, subjective nature of findings and conclusions, and conflicting goals and objectives resulting from changes in regulatory guidelines and/or variations in demand for services.
Was responsible for planning, analyzing, evaluating, and improving the effectiveness of operating programs. Refined and developed specific guidelines within the context of regulatory guidelines. Architected, designed, developed, and implemented a system that managed all hospital audits for the quality department, in tracking all audits from accrediting bodies, such as DNV, CMS, FDA, and State Health Department. This saved time, centralized all documentation into a single electronic solution, and reduced the number of personnel to support each audit. Architected, designed, developed, and implemented an app using C#.Net integrated with Angular JS, deployed on Share- Point, which processes monthly expenses reimbursement for the Accounts Payable department to employees. Architected, designed, developed, and implemented an app, on SharePoint, that tracks badge access requests, from employee submissions to supervisor approval, to the security department granting or rejecting access. Architected, designed, developed, and implemented an app, on SharePoint, which logs inventory within the freezers of the research department, including transaction details of adding or removing assets. Utilized expertise in SharePoint services and C# .Net framework to boost business efficiency from ideation and develop- ment through to a successful deployment of over one hundred business solutions for multiple departments. Including custom master pages to support corporate branding, custom webparts, user controls and employed the use of the managed metadata service for navigation and taxonomy. Created a robust DLP plan for our On-Prem systems, Dev, Test and Prod with the other IT support groups. Authored the process with written instructions and guidelines, providing a basic outline of the desired steps for main- stream use. Conducted SP training to a wide SP community audience, as well as business executives. Guided the upgrade of our SharePoint system from 2013 to 2019 which included conducting an ongoing feasibility study with stakeholders to inform my leadership of potentially controversial findings, issues, or problems with widespread impact and risk regarding the migration. Was responsible for planning and organizing the test run, coordinating with others, and conducting all phases of the project. For example, each site was migrated to pre-production, this allowed the various teams and business units to quickly determine if content migrated successfully (due to custom and third-party code) and how each page displays content.
Devised code deployment automation and code peer review practices for all server-side SharePoint solutions, using PowerShell.
Created integration between SharePoint and Google analytics to show end users monthly usage via GA reports and setup Google Data Studio for distributed dashboards. Developed and refined new or modified procedures, goals and objectives and evaluation plans, procedures, and method- ologies. Managed multiple projects requiring coordination with multiple or complex internal organizations and departments. For example, I functioned as the program manager for the SP technical team. Provided weekly updates and status for migration and projects within the SP team.
Established an intake framework for the business analysts on the team, to streamline their process from first customer contact to delivery of fast-paced solutions.
091224.2
M365 Cloud Solutions Architect
page 3
continued
ad8y0b@r.postjobfree.com /samuelmusser/ 801-***-**** Killeen, Texas University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT
IT Manager / Lead Developer / Architect Nov 2011 - July 2022 references available upon request
Samuel Musser
Work Experience
Implemented service requests, incident management, problem management, and change management processes within our department to adhere it ITIL principles, and follow the support model of the IT department, with our system. Have facilitated solutions for over one thousand customer tickets. Mentored people on our team and power users in other departments, on the various features of our current system to enhance individual skills, increase adoption and business uses. Served as an SP Administrator for all SP sites on the farm including managing collection and site features along with completing quarterly audits for over 22,500 site collections and each respective site owner. Development of SharePoint/iPad portal deployed to all US sales reps. Development of RFID integration into a SharePoint application. SP Administrator of intranet, containing 100+ sites, serving 800+ employees. Created several custom SP solutions for various departments based on each specific business requirements. Advanced experience with SP Designer, Workflows, InfoPath, C#, and CAML. Migrated SharePoint 2007 to 2010, know the challenges and techniques. Setup and administered the Documentum for the entire company. Setup Kofax, Application XTender, Web XTender, and integration with Oracle and MS SQL, for the library department. Setup Oracle MSCA Telnet App for Handheld scanners in Warehouse for Inventory Management. Setup Web App for Handheld scanners in Manufacturing for stock bins FIFO. Performed a wide variety of responsibilities, as an IT Systems Specialist. Managed the multimedia department until it moved into the marketing dept. Deployed Final Cut Pro as the video editor for the company. Deployed DVD Studio Pro as a DVD author for the company. Organized all physical assets: slides, photos, and CDs, with an electronic library system. Specialized in complex jobs, preparing for plate, using Scitex systems. Mass duplication of media e.g., CDs and DVDs.
091224.2
M365 Cloud Solutions Architect
page 4
continued
Ultradent Products - South Jordan, UT
May 2002 - Oct 2011
SharePoint Administrator /
IT Systems Specialist
ad8y0b@r.postjobfree.com /samuelmusser/ 801-***-**** Killeen, Texas University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT
IT Manager / Lead Developer / Architect Nov 2011 - July 2022 Precision Litho - Salt Lake City, UT
Pre-Press Specialist / Multimedia Tech Oct 1998 - Apr 2002
Contact this candidate