Pamela Williams
Linux Solutions Architect
Overview
Accomplished Linux Engineer with extensive experience in administering and optimizing UNIX/Linux environments, including Solaris and Red Hat. Demonstrated expertise in leading system implementations, managing SAN Multipathing, and developing virtual filesystems using LVM. Adept at designing and executing complex technical projects, providing robust support for disaster recovery, and ensuring system security and performance through rigorous patch management and compliance with NIST and STIG standards. Proven ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to deliver innovative and reliable Linux solutions.

EXPERIENCE
The Clorox Company – September 2022 - Present
Linux Solutions Architect
Design, engineer, and implement Linux computing systems hardware, software, and storage infrastructure using the following service models: Saas cloud, PaaS cloud, Iaas cloud, on-prem, and hybrid solutions.

Collaborate with peers and other team members to formalize system engineering, application support and operation processes and procedures based upon industry standards and best practices, and on vendor technology and product selection.

Continuously review the overall information and computing needs of the company and leverage technology to provide cost effective solutions.

Coordinate and execute changes through the change control management policy and procedures process.

United Health Group – Optum Technology July 2015 – August 2022
Senior Systems Linux Engineer
Provided system management for Linux (RedHat 6,7, and 8) and UNIX Operating Systems within a cross-platform environment comprised of both physical and virtual servers (VMware), to include installation, security hardening, patch management and configuration, system upgrades, and troubleshooting.

Worked with VMware, NetBackup, MQ Series, Apache, Tomcat, Splunk, Chef, and various applications. Worked with system backup software – Tivoli and Netbackup technologies. Worked with ServiceNow, JIRA, HPSA, and IT Service Management (ITSM) products.

Shell scripting experience. Familiar with python and ansible.

Guided, trained, and mentored less experienced staff on processes and procedures.

Use project management techniques to coordinate administrative and technical requirements by developing system documentation and standard operating procedures (SOPs).

Coordinated resources to determine the root-cause analysis for server issues and provide technical knowledge and assistance to ensure that projects are completed in a timely manner.

Computer Science Corporation (CSC) December 2011 – July 2015
Senior Linux Administrator & Engineer

Provision, installation, configuration, and maintenance of Linux (Red Hat 5 and 6) and UNIX operating systems within a cross-platform environment comprised of both physical and virtual systems. Performed system upgrades, apply, and maintain security patches. Managed 4th level support for break/fix incidents.

Configured system networks to ensure data integrity.

Developed and maintained Red Hat image for new builds. Used LVM to create virtual filesystems.

Provided server-side storage management using LVM, Multipathing products, and SAN storage.

Detect, diagnose, and correct performance problems related to network issues, memory, and CPU utilization.

Schedule, monitor and troubleshoot system backups and data recovery.

Supported various database and application environments.

Provided 7x24 on-call support on a rotational basis.

Managed day-to-day activity and configuration of IT systems.

Responded to break/fix and problem tickets for issues reported by customers.

Savannah River Nuclear Solutions/SRNS 1998 – 2011
Senior UNIX/Solaris System Engineer

Administered and maintained UNIX/Linux servers, including Solaris 2.4-10 and Red Hat 4. Led and participated in projects for system implementation and replacement. Managed Solaris zones, containers, and LDOM environments. Provided guidance on hardware and software components for projects.

Handled SAN Multipathing and Veritas systems.

Planned, organized, and led analysis, design, development, and implementation of information systems projects.

Created virtual filesystems using LVM and managed server-side storage with LVM and Multipathing.

Developed and maintained Red Hat images for new builds.

Delivered technical services including security, capacity planning, performance tuning, and report development.

Applied NIST and STIG security remediation standards and performed shell scripting for task automation.

Provided technical support for Disaster Recovery and 4th level break-fix incidents.

Researched, updated, and applied security patches to Red Hat and Solaris servers, interfacing with vendors and customers to resolve system issues and coordinate backups.
Previously employed with Savannah River Nuclear Solutions as System Account Administrator (1994-1998), Industrial Hygiene Technician (1993-1994), Clerical Support (1991-1993)
EDUCATION
Nova Southeastern University, Fort Lauderdale, FL
MBA with a Specialization in Management Information Systems (MIS), 1999
Augusta Technical Institute, Augusta, GA
Environmental Engineering Technology, A.A.T, 1994
Limestone College, Gaffney, SC
Business Administration with concentration in Computer Science, B.S, 1990
Contact this candidate