HEPHZIBAH IGWE
adco03@r.postjobfree.com · 317-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/hephzibah-igwe-9b09a760/

EDUCATION
CURRENTLY ATTENDING / MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
PROJECT MANAGEMENT, WALDEN UNIVERSITY.

DECEMBER 17, 2017 / BACHELOR OF SCIENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH SCIENCE, Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis, INDIANA.

AUGUST 1, 2010 / ASSOCIATE DEGREE IN SCIENCE
STATISTICS, FEDERAL SCHOOL OF STATISTICS, IBADAN, OYO STATE, NIGERIA.

EXPERIENCE
SEPT 2018 – DEC 2019 / 2670 EXECUTIVE DR, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46241
SR. IS BUSINESS/DATA ANALYST (CONTRACTOR), STERICYCLE EXPERT SOLUTIONS
Responsible for defining business needs and opportunities to drive timely delivery of solutions that achieve intended business objectives.
Develop, build, implement, execute, and maintain operations dashboards in Tableau.
Combining files with power query, consolidating multiple workbooks with VBA & Macros, data tables, simulations, pivot tables, pivot reporting.
Develop reports and visual depicting data collection practices, evaluation methodologies, analysis plans, statistical analyses, and performance outcomes.
Use datasets to create dashboards, visualizations, and reports using Microsoft Power BI, and Tableau.
Developing reports and visual depicting data collection practices, evaluation methodologies, analysis plans, statistical analyses and performance outcomes.
Keep, manage and track all relevant communications and data within Salesforce
Use Salesforce for verifying customer/client details, sale cycle disposition, pipeline management, forecasting and lost opportunity tracking.
Create forecasts quarterly, monthly and weekly metrics.
Design, update and execute ad-hoc reports and analyses to support specific projects
Define functional and technical requirements documentation that translates business needs to high-level system design requirements
Analyze and scope business requirements and opportunities to define detailed requirements and design specifications. specifications include functional specifications, process designs, user interface (UI) designs and end-user documentation.
Conduct design and test reviews with the project teams to ensure systems design, development, and testing are aligned to support the intended objectives.
Provide project requirements to project manager to develop project estimates and schedules.

JAN 2018 – AUG 2018 / 9115 HAGUE RD, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46256
DATA MIGRATION SPECIALIST (CONTRACTOR), ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS
Data Extraction and cleansing. Using DSP System Toolbox to stream signals from variables, data files, and network devices for system development and verification. Working with project team on GO-LIVE for SAP BO enterprise BI applications. Create table reports in the Tableau, connecting multiple data sources in building reports in Tableau and Alteryx in order to implement working datasets, reports and dashboards. Alteryx chargeback data. Working with project team to help migrate contract commitment data between SAP Business Objects environments. Risk management and loss control strategies. Performing data extraction from SAP legacy system. Entering customer and contract data into SAP Business Objects. SQL query in data migration. Visualizing data quality levels and improvements across all systems using the DSP. Building and running queries and extracting data into excel, analyzing with master data. Create, change and display material master data, and estimate product costing. Working with Agiloft tools to manage contract life cycle, data warehousing. Importing Tableau workbooks and sharing amongst other workbooks. Migrating data, extracting metadata, Data & script validation AddUAT2 Business. Verifying data by reviewing, correcting, or reentering data. Maintain data entry requirement by following techniques and procedures. Collaborate with project team as needed.
AUG 2017 – DEC 2017 / 2 N MERIDIAN ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46204
HEALTH DATA ANALYST (INTERN), INDIANA STATE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
Analyze loss control metrics. Consults and provides technical assistance to local health departments on a variety of environmental health issues. Producing data visualization and interpretation presented to agencies and during meetings. Meeting with stakeholders and participate in Indiana State Health Assessment and Health Improvement Plan (SHA and SHIP), the agency’s Strategic Plan. Collection, utilization, reviewing, analyzing, and implementation of data. Using metadata and identifying descriptive content metadata information, perform data entry using various tools and schemas. Participated in developing a quality improvement plan and Performance Management strategy during accreditation.

JUN 2017 – AUG 2017 / 1635 W MICHIGAN ST, INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46222
DATA RESEARCH (INTERN), GOODWILL OF CENTRAL AND SOUTHERN INDIANA
Interacting with agencies and clients, negotiations, Data entry, clean-up, and analysis using quantitative and qualitative information available. Google platforms, and cloud based tools (Google sheets, Excel, PowerPoint, Google Slides, Google Sites). Researching/monitoring market trend on retail sites, gather information from eCommerce in providing data needed. Using Tableau to provide the sales team and executives with updated sales analytics data embedded directly into salesforce using visual force to suite their visual need. Assist in ad-hoc analysis and data requests to inform product development decisions, optimize revenue and customer success strategies for the retail sites and fulfillment center. Assisting in making/editing proposals given to organizations and firms for support. Analyzing contracts, bids, reviewing lost bids on proposals and regenerating data to strengthen the argument for reapplication/appeal. Research integration with Microsoft AX and event module solutions, Survey and record all requirements of all current users to build client relationships and work directly with client leadership.

MAR 2013 – SEPT 2016 / 2350 STAFFORD RD, PLAINFIELD, IN 46168
QUALITY CONTROL/REPAIR TECH A&B/TECH LEAD, BELL TECHLOGIX INC
4 times promotion. Led a team of 16. Importing, cleansing, validating and analyzing data for easier consumption of other users and to share with stakeholders. Using tableau and SAP Business Objects to analyze and communicate data. Design data and analytics solutions and prepare analytical reports/dashboards on a bi-weekly and monthly basis. Inventory count and quality control of products/units inbound and outbound. Create dashboards using (stacked) bars, pie charts, scattered plots, line charts, and maps. Using oracle databases for comparison, data extraction and reports. Work with others on field visiting customers and providing solutions to their units. Providing information to the EPSON sales department on customer returns, defect, inventory and reports on the inflow and outflow of products. Creating orders and executed. Provide the team with a vision of the project objectives. Develop Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using data blending. Monitor team members’ participation to ensure the training provided is being put into use, and also to see if any additional training is needed. Manage the flow of day-to day operations. Diagnose and troubleshoot of printers, projectors and SD’s. SAP data entry, research development, and ERP. Review repair Activity Module (RAM) records, SAP records to identify product activity.

JUN 2007 – MAR 2012 / 4, CENTRAL CAFÉ, S.U.B, U.I, IBADAN, OYO, NIGERIA
MANAGING DIRECTOR, NENGAO TECHNOLOGY
Led a team of 24 employees. Worked with the sales and marketing division, gathering current marketplace information on newly introduced products, delivery schedules, pricing, and merchandising techniques in order to monitor competition. Study potential volume of dealers and focus on sales efforts. Achieve quarterly quotas. Report and provide feedback to management using financial statistical data. Data integration using SSIS, analytics using SSAS and business intelligence using SSRS, and visualization. Provide site evaluation reports, Provide technical reviews of environmental documents, quality assurance plans. Sanitation procedures, recycling of hazardous materials, training, technical support and troubleshooting. Employee conflict resolution and performance monitoring. Ensuring adherence to company policy and rules, transportation assistance and international shipment of good, imports and exports. Adhering to compliance of environmental Regulatory Affairs. Executing hazardous materials management programs.

JUL 2009 – AUG 2010 / UNIVERSITY OF IBADAN-AJIBODE ROAD, IBADAN, NIGERIA
STATISTICIAN (INTERN), National bureau of statistics
Daily use of excel formulas like SUMIFS, SUMPRODUCT, VLOOKUP, XLOOKUP, INDEX+MATCH, ARRAY. Conduct field site surveys, planning, land services, perform analysis of variance & interpretation, research, data entry, interviews. Getting instrument data from SPI and SPPID, exporting reports from each and linking them or importing from SPPID data into SPI. Connecting into multiple databases and running several queries for each database and combining results into one dataset for analysis and reporting. Extract XLS data from Intergraph SPI and importation. Perform environmental health and document safety audits, inspections and visits to prepare environmental assessments, environmental impact studies, implementation of results.

SKILLS
SAP BI, MS-SQL server, GIS
SAS Visual Analytics
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Access)
Data management, data entry metadata mapping and analysis
Risk assessment
SPI and SPIDD query and extraction, ETL
Salesforce
AWS
Python, R, Scala, Bash Scripting, JavaScript
AI, Data Science, Machine Learning
Alteryx, Tableau, SQL Query, Agiloft
Kubernetes
Terraform
Analytical skills, IBM Cognos Analytics
Statistical tools and models
Data Science
UAT data validation

COURSES/CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate
Leadership-At-All Levels core course, Indiana State Department of Health.
Auditing Information Systems Acquisition, Development, and Implementation
Project Management Professional (PMP) – PMI Training Course Certificate on Cybrary
IBM Data Science Orientation Course Certificate by IBM on Coursera
Data Analysis and Reporting in SAS Visual Analytics Course Certificate by SAS on Coursera
Contact this candidate