Solution Architect

SUMMARY
Experienced professional with over 14 years of software development, implementation, and delivery of successful solutions to large organizations - financial, health care, telecom and human services. Proficient at leading teams through all phases of software delivery life cycle (SDLC) using agile methodologies. Solid analytical and problem solving, client interfacing, and communication skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Development
Java, Spring, NodeJS, JavaScript, RESTful webservices
Database
PostgreSQL, IBM DB2
Integration
Apache Kafka, IBM MQ, Service-Oriented Architecture, JSON, XML
Cloud Platform
Amazon Web Services (EC2, Route53)
Containerization
Docker, Docker Swarm and Kubernetes
Monitoring/Logging
Prometheus, Blackbox Exporter, Grafana, Fluentd and Kibana
Dev. Tools
Eclipse, IBM Rational Application Developer (RAD), SQL Developer, Visual Studio Code
Build Tools
Maven, Jenkins, WebPack

TEAM LEADERSHIP SKILLS
Methodology
Agile (Scrum and SAFe), Waterfall
Team Coordination
Story point and capacity estimation, Backlog grooming, Status Tracking and Reporting
Mentoring
Technical, Process and Career

WORK EXPERIENCE

Since 10/18
Associate Architect at Sunwill Consulting
06/16 – 09/18
Software Application Architect/Engineer at DSI Consulting
03/13 - 06/16
Technology Architecture Manager at Accenture
08/05 - 03/13
Technology Analyst at Infosys

Sunwill Consulting, Associate Architect (Since 10/18)
Client: TELUS Health International (at Toronto, Ontario)
Solution Architect and Onsite Lead for Global Health Services Platform and Marketplace
Designed a microservices architecture-based product on Amazon Web Services (AWS) using Kubernetes, NodeJS, Apache Kafka, PostgreSQL, Drupal, Keycloak and Envoy Proxy.
Implemented two proof-of-concept change data capture pipelines utilizing Kafka Connect and Spring.
Created a data analysis flow employing Apache Spark, Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) and Jupyter Notebooks.
Coordinated daily activity of an India based team of 16 developers.
Established the team’s agile practices, led backlog grooming sessions and reported status to program management.
Conducted proofs of concept for new technologies (including Elasticsearch, Kibana, Istio, Prometheus and Grafana) and incorporated them into the platform’s architecture.

DSI, Senior Developer (05/17 – 09/18)
Client: Ericsson (at Mississauga, Ontario)
Agile Team Member for Catalog, Project and Order Management Products
Utilized microservice patterns to design new service API.
Developed web services in Java using Spring Boot and MVC.
Developed screens using Angular 2+, TypeScript, HTML and CSS.
Wrote end-to-end tests using JavaScript, Protractor, Karma and Jasmine.
Used Git and Gerrit for source control, Gradle and Jenkins for build and deployment.

DSI, Application Architect (at Mississauga, Ontario) (06/16 – 05/17)
Design and Development Lead for in-house Data cube generation solution.
Used Play 2 framework in Scala to expose backend services RESTfully.
Retrieved data from Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) and Cassandra DB with Apache Spark.
Created screen mock-ups in HTML5 and CSS (Bootstrap 3).
Developed screens using Angular 2, TypeScript, Webpack and NodeJS.
Accenture, Technology Architecture Manager (01/16 - 06/16)
Client: National Bank of Canada (at Montreal, Quebec)
Development Lead for the Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) factory for the Mortgage line of business.
Defined the design and development process for integration services between SAP and Mainframe systems.
Assumed leadership of three onshore and six offshore developers working with IBM WebSphere Enterprise Bus and DataPower using agile delivery practices.
Collaborated with client business and technical teams to identify gaps, evolve design, and establish release schedules.

Accenture, Senior Systems Analyst (03/13 - 12/15)
Client: Office of Attorney General – Texas Child Support Division (at Austin, Texas)
Solution Architect for the Case Intake process and technical expert on business rules implementation.
Designed child support application intake processes in IBM RSA 8 using Java EE 6, WebSphere Application Server 8, SOAP web services, BPM, business rules, IBM DB2, and batch jobs.
Prototyped screens in WebSphere Portal 8, JavaServer Faces, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS, led a team of one onshore and 3 offshore developers.
Developed a US Postal Service compliant address validation and data quality service in IBM Quality Stage.
Delivered complex business rules using IBM ODM 8 while leading a team of 9 developers.
Created a proof of concept solution in ODM and helped the client understand the technology, its application, and best practices.

Infosys, Technology Analyst (11/11 - 03/13)
Client: CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield (at Maryland, USA)
Onsite lead for two development projects and tech lead for maintenance project for client’s master data management system.
Anchored all interactions between client and offshore on two IBM WebSphere Portal 7 projects, offshore teams of five members each.
Interacted with business, architecture and team leads, gathered requirements and estimated effort, coordinated and reviewed deliverables, managed all client and internal issues.
Supported, enhanced, and data stewarded client’s policyholders, healthcare providers and practitioners master data management (Initiate MDM) system.
Reported directly to client managers and worked along with multiple service vendors and contractors.

Infosys, Technology Analyst (04/11 - 10/11)
Client: American Express (at Utah, USA)
Coordinated end to end development of three prepaid card products.
Developed high level design including interactions among various applications and systems, reviewed with client architects for approval following TOGAF methodology.
Engaged client and vendor teams to build designed solution, elaborated requirements and provided technical assistance to teams.
Led five offshore and one onshore team members who provided warranty support for recently launched products.
Assisted user acceptance teams during testing on requirements and product behaviour clarifications.

Infosys, Technology Analyst (05/10 - 03/11)
Client: American Express (at Arizona, USA)
Tech lead in a team which supported the infrastructure for 100+ credit card applications.
Provided Level 3 support to development teams on IBM WebSphere Application Server, IBM HTTP Server, MQ Server and AIX.
Supported development, integration and user acceptance testing environments.
Worked closely with 3 other vendors, including IBM who supported production environment.
Reviewed all application and environment change requests for all environments.
Coordinated with offshore team of 8 which provided support during India hours.

Infosys, Senior Software Engineer (10/09 – 04/10)
Client: American Express (at Chandigarh, India)
Led a support team of 7, estimated to earn $3 million, complete project worth $19 million.
Led a team which provided Level 3 support to development teams on IBM WebSphere Application Server, IBM HTTP Server, MQ Server and AIX.
Supervised and mentored the daily activities of team members, coordinated with teams in India, USA and UK.
Excellent performance and proactive approach paved way for an increase in team size to 20.
Assigned to Phoenix, AZ to lead from onsite.
Infosys, Senior Software Engineer (04/08 – 08/09)
Client: CITCO Fund Services (at Chandigarh, India)
Played multiple roles in team of 150 that developed a hedge fund management system.
Collaborated with client subject matter experts (SME) from Netherlands.
Established best practices and coding guidelines for the technology stack including Struts 2, Spring and Hibernate frameworks, and Oracle database.
Commended by management for finding and fixing critical defects.
Automated the deployment process using Apache CruiseControl, reduced turnaround time from 3 hours to 30 minutes.
Handled application release process at offshore, coordinated team activities and trained 5 new team members.

Infosys, Senior Software Engineer (03/08 – 04/08)
Client: Citigroup (at Chandigarh, India)
Selected by senior management to turn around a troubled documentation project.
Acted as a consultant to a team transcribing the business logic present in stored procedures written in multiple versions of MS SQL Server.
Developed documentation templates and guidelines to make the documents more comprehensive.
Received positive feedback from client on the next release, averted closure of the project.

Infosys, Software Engineer (04/06 – 03/08)
Client: Capital One (at Pune, India)
Involved in all stages of $15 million end-to-end development of auto loans origination system.
Designed and developed the business rules services in Fair Isaac Blaze Advisor 5.5, Savvion BPM Studio was used for business process modelling, Oracle 10g database formed the backend.
Mentored 5 team members, established technology and domain competency at offshore, ensuring that the client chose us over competitors for future enhancements and maintenance projects.
Led defect prevention, automation, and quality improvement initiatives
Led a team of 6 to deliver a loan structure estimation system, reduced web questionnaire from 10 pages to 1-page doubling web traffic to site.
Awarded “Special Recognition” by client and “Spot Award” by Infosys.

Infosys, Software Engineer (12/05 – 04/06)
Client: Institutional Shareholder Services (at Mysore, India)
Worked in a team of 3, to develop an in-house data extraction tool.
Improved quality of client database by eliminating redundant tables and fields using MS SQL, Java 1.5, and design patterns.

Infosys, Software Engineer in Training (08/05 – 11/05)
Trained in computer science and web technology fundamentals over 5 months.
Syllabus included SDLC process, OOPS, Java and C language, Relational Database and SQL concepts, Algorithms, Client-Server concepts, HTML/JavaScript/CSS, and J2EE.
Secured the maximum GPA of 5, led 3 trainees during mock project which was assessed the best among 50 other teams.

EDUCATION
Punjab Engineering College, Punjab University, India (2001-2005)
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) degree in Aeronautical Science.
Contact this candidate