Vladimir Sydorov
Email: addfoh@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vlad-sydorov-2a76a952/

Summary of Experience
**-**** – present – Consulting Product Analyst. HIE, HCA
Primary responsibility is to define, implement, operationalize, and support HCA’s HIE (Health Information Exchange) solution. Support business owners related to system solutions, enhancements or system issues. Provide business knowledge and subject matter expertise on systems to the business owner and team members.

oDrive Planning, Design and Delivery of HIE Solutions
Drive enhancement design and priorities with the Business Owner(s).
Drive determining and achieving due dates / delivery dates.
Manage operational, design, and technical tasks as needed based on project.
Identify potential risks to the quality of the product/solution.
Develop future strategies using emerging technology.
Plan and oversee the rollout of pilots and across the HCA Enterprise.
Drive solution testing (Use Case development, Test Planning, Test Strategy.)
Participate with Business Owner in developing rollout strategies and training materials.
Responsible for maintaining documentation for projects and ensures the information can be easily located and referenced by the organization.
Participate in both tactical and strategic product management activities including Road Map planning, field research with thought leaders and others determined by your manager.
Lead meetings with Purpose, ensures documentation of outcomes, action items, and next steps.
oManage relationships.
Provide second level system support for Corporate Service Support.
Maintain vendor relationships including driving operational deliverables.
Maintain open collaboration with the business leaders to assure data model is agreed upon.
Create and maintain strong relationships with internal IT&S departments.

oContinuous HIE related team and process improvement
Continually look for, propose, and execute opportunities to optimize the processes that affectthe HIE solutions.
Mentor and Lead Project participants to grow and meet their deliverables.

11-2019 – 05-2020 – Solutions Architect - Allscripts dbMotion. Morgan Hunter Healthcare. Remote
Act as dbMotion HIE Solutions / Integration / Technical Architect for one of the biggest Allscripts clients involving dbMotion technology and integration solutions:
Consulting on technical requirements for dbMotion solutions or integration with dbMotion (including scoping and planning of future projects)
Identify and document technical processes as necessary for supporting transition of services from implementation to technical support team
Update release notes as codes moves through dbMotion environments to document needed updates
Act as Technical resource for future projects
Implementation of integration solutions on dbMotion HIE platform
Support and troubleshooting of issues
Act as a liaison to product team as necessary

10-2018 – 03-2019 – Client Solutions Architect, Integrated Solutions, Allscripts
Devise and execute plans for meeting architecture needs of the team in a client and product centric manner
Responsible for defining and executing on internal team governance and processes
Represent the solutions architecture team in cross functional processes and gates – including owning architecture approval authority for solutions architecture driven projects
Track and communicate ideas related to improvements that can be driven through architectural strategy
Track and communicate ideas related to process improvements
Participate with stakeholders on architectural strategy initiatives through planning and execution

09-2014 –10-2018 – Sr Technical Consultant/Solutions Architect, Professional Services - dbMotion, Allscripts
Analyze complicated systems work-flows to successfully implement the solution, act as the main integration focal point to the clients,
Work with the product and development team on designing new and review of current features to support customers
Support the Project Manager with planning and on-going management activities,
Support Pre-Sales activities,
Conduct and lead analysis sessions, workshops and trainings with the clients,
Perform analysis, mapping development and system configuration to support integration of different messaging formats that exist in the health care industry,
Perform testing and troubleshooting of issues,

12-2012 – 09-2014– Sr Technical Consultant, Community Integration, Allscripts
Implementation of integration with 3rd party HIE projects for various Allscripts products – Allscripts Homecare, Allscripts Pro, Allscripts TouchWorks (HL7, CCD, XML, ASCII formats)
Development of reporting solutions (MSSQL based)
Integration solutions architecture
Pre-Sales consulting
Orion Rhapsody Interface Engine, MSSQL Server, XML, cXML, ASCII, Java script

09-2010 – 12-2012 – Business Analyst/Custom Integration. SoftServe Inc., 12800 University Dr, Ste 410, Ft Myers FL
Development and implementation of healthcare integration projects based on the client needs (HL7, CCD, XML, ASCII)
Development and implementation of Homecare financial data integration projects (payroll and general ledger)
Development of reporting solutions (MSSQL based)
Non-standard integration solutions development
Pre-Sales consulting
Orion Rhapsody Interface Engine, MSSQL Server, XML, cXML, ASCII, Java script

03-2007 – 09-2010 - Business Analyst/Custom Integration. SoftServe Inc., 52 V.Velikogo str., Lviv, 79031 Ukraine
Meetings with the end-users in order to investigate their needs for custom integration development/ requirements gathering (healthcare application, US-wide clients).
Requirements analysis based on the discussions with the client and solution development
Technical specifications development based on the gathered requirements.
Assigning tasks to development team based on the requirements gathered
Development process management
Quality control
Developed solution delivery and installation
07-2005 – 03-2007 – Technical Writer/Business Analyst, SoftServe Inc., 52 V.Velikogo str., Lviv, 79031 Ukraine
Project management: planning and estimation of tasks for the team, control and delivery of the completed task to the Client, communications with Client. (Technical writing projects)
Business analysis: BA support activities for development team (loan processing application),
Technical writing: computer system documentation (system/software technical reference and user manuals, catalogs, parts lists, assembly instructions, sales promotion materials and project proposals), corporate policy and procedure publications, Human Resources administration and regulations, physical and computer security policy, training programs and supporting materials (customer service, software),Web content.

08-2004 -07-2005- Network Administrator, BMS Ltd., 25a Prirechnaya str., Kyiv, 04123 Ukraine

Management of the local outsourcing team activities
Administering and Troubleshooting of Lugansk State Employment Center corporate network (Windows 2000 Server/ Advanced Server, Domain Controller, Cluster service, DHCP, DNS, firewall, Microsoft Exchange, Corporate Symantec Antivirus)
06-2001 - 09-2002 – Data Entry Clerk, Medical Laboratory, Buffalo Medical Group, P.C., 6255 Sheridan Dr., #B, Williamsville, NY, 14221, USA
Processing information on the tests performed in the Lab
Lab Database support

Additional Skills
Integration:
HL7 v2, HL7 v3, HL7 FHIR
IHE (XDS.b, XCA, CCD, CCDA)
Flat file extracts
Interface Engines:
Orion Rhapsody
BizTalk
ConnectR
Databases:
MSSQL, Informix
Programming:
SQL
Java Scripting
XML, XSD
Networking:
SSL, SSH, VPN, FTP, FTPS, SFTP
Active Directory
SQL Server
Knowledge of antivirus programs (Symantec Norton Antivirus, AVP, Dr.Web etc.)
Administering of firewall
Administering of global networks
knowledge of IP- routing
knowledge DNS, DHCP
Basics of Unix, Linux

Education
1998 Ukraine, Kyiv Shevchenko National University, BA, IT Management with English (www.univ.kiev.ua)
1999 Ukraine, Kyiv Shevchenko National University, BA (Expert Degree), IT Management with English and French (www.univ.kiev.ua)
2004 East Ukraine Vladimir Dal National University, Lugansk, Masters (MS), Management of Computer Systems with Finances (www.snu.edu.ua)
Languages
English – fluent
French – beginner
Russian – fluent
Ukrainian – fluent
Contact this candidate