Shalom Moges
Herndon,VA *****
Email: -adi2hj@r.postjobfree.com .
Phone:-+1-571-***-****
Summery:-
● Cloud computing concepts.
● Over 5+ years of AWS Solutions Architect related experiences on migrating data
to the cloud,AWS VPC design and implementation,AWS core services such as
EC2,AMI,S3,developing RESTful APIs,Elasticache.
● Over 2+ years of IT related experiences on generating and analyzing data,
algorithms,and programming languages.
● Excellent communication,analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to
work within a team environment and independently.
Technical skills:-
● Strong knowledge of AWS Services such as
VPC,ELB,EC2,S3,IAM,CloudTrail,Cloudformation,Cloudwatch,Lambda,SNS
SQS,Kinesis.
● Good knowledge of cloud service models such as IaaS,PaaS and SaaS.
● Good knowledge of AWS database services such as RDS,No-SQL,Aurora.
● Migrating current and new data/applications from an on premise environment to
the cloud Services.
● Knowledge of security best practices centered around the cloud.
● Excellent verbal,interpersonal and written communication skills.
● Team player with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
● Strong analytical,problem-solving and decision making capabilities.
● Good knowledge of consolidated billing for multiple AWS accounts.
● Strong understanding of various data structures and algorithms.
● Algorithms and data analysis.
● Programming languages like C++,Java.
● Creating and uploading AWS AMIs.
Work Experience:-
AWS Solutions Architect
Chantilly,VA
October,2019-present
● Responsible for launching Amazon EC2 instances using Amazon Web
Services(Linux and Windows) and configuring launched instances with respect to
specific applications and regions.
● Responsible for S3 buckets creation,policies,and the IAM role-based policies.
● Responsible for creating monitors,alarms,and notifications for EC2 instances
using cloudwatch.
● Involved in the migration and implementation of multiple applications from on
premise environment to cloud using AWS services like DBMS,S3,Cloudformation
and VPC.
AWS Solutions Architect
Baltimore,MD
June,2016-September,2019
● Provide daily monitoring,management,troubleshooting and issue resolution to
systems and services hosted on the cloud resources.
● Ability to design high availability applications on AWS across availability zones
and availability regions.
● Ability to design applications on AWS taking advantages of disaster recovery
(DR) design guidelines.
● Knowledge of monitoring,logging and cost management tools that integrate with
AWS.
● Designing and deploying dynamically scalable,highly available,fault tolerant,and
reliable applications on AWS.
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science
Hawassa,Ethiopia
Feb,2014-April,2016
● Worked as an introduction to a computer science teacher.
● Worked on algorithms and data analysis.
● Worked with a small team to plan for upgraded internal streaming infrastructures.
● Worked with the development team to refine the debugging process.
Education and Certifications:-
● AWS Certified Solutions Architect-Associate,USA.
● Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science Dire Dawa University,Ethiopia.
Contact this candidate