Mario Alberto Sánchez Rodríguez

IT Professional (PM & Solutions Architect)

Background

Executive with more than 23 years of experience in domestic and foreign consulting and systems companies in United States, Mexico, Central America and South America, occupying positions of leadership and senior management in IT, implementing and optimizing complex business processes supported by Oracle ERP technologies based on various methodologies in diverse and multicultural environments.
Proven experience defining and executing migrations and integrations from large scale data sources (Legacy Systems) to Oracle ERP On Demand and Cloud versions, defining the conversion and cutover strategies and processes to achieve fast and sustainable results.
Proficient mentoring and managing teams and tasks, defining the strategy and processes to achieve fast and sustainable results.
Leadership and negotiation skills.

Objective

Occupy a position of senior management in the systems or consulting areas, in a national or transnational company to support and build the objectives of growth and/or continuous improvement, implementing business processes based on best practices and scalability.

Relevant Professional Experience & Top Achievements

Employer: Jade Global Inc (2019 – Current)
Position: Solutions Architect
Engagement’s Customer: AnchorFree (Silicon Valley, CA, US) Jun 2019 – Current

Lead a “Round the clock” engagement as POC and SME facing the client and interfacing from US to India based technical team.
Lead and Facilitated Design workshops from complex OnLine subscription business model.
Architectural Design for Order to Cash, Purchase to Pay and Finance cycles including integrations and interfaces between subscription partners such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, Vindicia, BrainTree (PayPal), etc, aiming to have daily feed from those sources to register Income and provide decision makers accurate daily data.
Lead and managed Dell Boomi integration team to design and implement REST API to get seamless periodic and triggered feeds from billing sources.
Designed and executed migrations and conversions from Legacy Systems (In house custom systems and 3rd party’s software).
Designed and monitor ETL data strategy including quality assurance along the process.
Defined and executed Testing Cycles.
Defined and executed Cutover plans and preparation activities.
Defined and Lead month end closing plan and activities execution.

Employer: K1 Consulting (2014 – 2019)
Position: Business and Technical Solutions Architect & Project Manager
Engagement’s Customer: KNOLL (Philadelphia, US) Jan 2018 – May 2019

As part of the PMO I defined and drive the execution and closure of all testing cycles such as: CRP, SIT, UAT, UATII.
Defined and executed cutover plans and preparation activities for all Testing Cycles and Go Live including Order to Cash and Purchase to Pay.
Defined Testing strategy along with execution quality assurance, follow up and daily progress reports for Implementation team and Steering Committee.
Designed and executed migrations and conversions from Legacy Systems (JD Edwards).
Participate on the solution design sessions and unit testing.
Business Requirements gathering and control.
Functional specifications review and control.
Defined and Lead month end closing play book.
Executed Solution handover to Client`s support structure along with Support Processes definition and SLAs.

Engagement’s Customer: Playa Resorts (Virgina, US) PM for Finance and SC Cloud (Jan2016 - Dec 2017)

Functioned as a link between PWC Implementation team and cli ent team breaking cultural differences and language barriers.
Liaise with country SME on data needs – drive collection data for Finance and Purchase to Pay cycles.
Designed and Managed Testing Cycles and report Progress to Steering Committee.
Designed and executed migrations and conversions from Legacy Systems.
Defined and Executed Cutover Plan iterations trough testing cycles and in production reporting and follow up on issues, drive for closure.
Designed and implemented Time and Expense and Petty Cash in a very short period of time managing to change the negative environment and position from the client. This design includes the integration between Oracle and PAC System to comply with regulatory requirements in Mexico.
Designed and implemented the Payroll Process integration between PAC system, Payroll system and Oracle GL managing and leading a very disconnected team with communication and cultural challenges.

Engagement’s Customer: Iron Mountain (Philadelphia, US) Business and Technical Solutions Architect (Apr2014 – Dec2015)

Defined, executed and managed detailed project plan through all the phases: Analysis, Design, Build, Testing and Delivery for the whole solution including Order to Cash, Purchase to Pay and Record to Report.
Defined and executed Architectural Design solution for a Large Global ERP systems rollout for a US based company component of the S&P 500.
Managed and Liaise with vendors from existing systems for needed integrations to Oracle.
Defined and controlled the technical aspects related to the implementation as sizing, communications, development processes, cutover, interfaces definitions and integrations, etc.
Rollout Global design to Brazil, Colombia and Peru compliant with USGAAP and local statutory requirements for US corporate business unit and the different LatAm operating offices.

Employer: American Tower (Boston, US) (2011-2014)
Regional IT Director (Jan2012 - Mar2014)

Defined the strategy of regional support, optimizing business processes with savings of 20% in business hours.
Design and implement the new strategy and processes related to the support of applications for the financial and operations areas, coordinating local and global resources, eliminating redundancies, defining service level agreements, reducing response times and the number of support requests to 10 % in 6 months.
Integrated a high-performance team to successfully implement Oracle in one year in Chile and Colombia, starting up in parallel the Shared Services Center for Latin America, saving the company about 100 thousand dollars a month in consulting fees.
Launched a project for the optimization of business processes of the revenue cycle, using a methodology designed from Six Sigma and AIM with a calculated ROI of 12 months, and reduction of $200 thousand in working hours.
Applications Manager (Jan2011 – Dec2011)
Deployed Synchro - system developed specifically in Brazil, to cover all the fiscal needs-, avoiding fines of around $100 K USD.
Redefined and restructured the deployment of Oracle for Colombia and Chile in compliance with the strategy and starting the Shared Services Center in the region.
Defined and executed the conversion and migration strategy for several companies acquisitions, 3 in Brazil and 2 in Mexico, fulfilling the aggressive growth objective defined by the company.

Employer: Ceteris Consultants (2010 – 2010)
Position: Delivery Manager and PMO
Engagement’s Customer: Casas GEO Oracle Implementations Manager & PM (Jan2010 - Dec2010)

Lead a team of 5 consultants and 8 independent remote developers to solve complex business processes for two companies related to the construction of housing developments and the related machinery used in the same, designing the developments and interfaces with the lines of production and operational data from each machine in order to enable the on-line monitoring and analysis of productivity, exceeding the expectations of senior management of the client (Casas GEO) including Purchase to Pay and Record to Report cycles.
Defined the strategy and policy of services and prices of the training area, resulting in an increase of the income of the firm in around Employer: Fast Dolphin, Inc. (2008 2009)
Position: PM & Senior Consultant20%.

Employer: Fast Dolphin, Inc. (2008 – 2009)
Position: PM & Senior Consultant
Engagement’s Customer: WIPRO Bus. Dev. Mgr., PM and Consultant Expert (Jan2008 – Dec2009)

Acted as a contact between the client (OXXO) and the Hindu consultancy firm (WIPRO), managing a multicultural team and multifunctional consultants and developers, with cultural differences, language and tight time frames, which facilitated the complete migration of their applications with structural and design significantly different.
Guided the technical team to homologate applications and modules using a new methodology, with the characteristics of a new version which made it necessary even to personally write complex pieces of code for the Purchase to Pay, Order to Cash and Record to Report Cycles.

Employer: Oracle Corp (2006 2007)
Position: Consulting Manager
Employer: Oracle Corp (2006 – 2007)
Position: Consulting Manager
Engagement’s Customer: PEMEX Consulting Manager (Jan2006 – Dec2007)

Lead the team of consultants with new functionality and complex developments in Oracle to cover requirements not fulfilled of PEMEX Petrochemical to deliver in time and avoid penalties of 20% per month of the total of the contract.
Managed implementation cycles: Record to Report, Order to Cash and Purchase to Pay.

Employer: Bearing Point (2003 – 2005)
Position: Oracle Service Line Manager
Engagement’s Customer: ALSEA & Grupo POSADAS Oracle Service Line Manager (Jan2003 – Dec2005)

Designed a system to register and control the costs related to the import of products, which made it possible to avoid significant penalties and the possibility of leaving out of the engagement the deployment of the logistics company of group ALSEA (DIA). The successful implementation established the technological foundation for the continued growth of the group until today.
Defined along with the rest of the team leaders a schema of Shared Services Center that allowed 50% savings in the time of implementation of group Posadas companies and increase their national influence by selling the services to external customers for more than 18 million transactions a year.
Solution included: Record to Report and Purchase to Pay cycles.

Employer: Cap Gemini (2001-2002)
Position: Oracle Service Line Manager
Engagement’s Customer: Mattel-Fisher Price & GIS Oracle Service Line Manager (Jan2001 – Dec2002)

Negotiated the schedule times as well as the deliverables and scope of the final solution with upper management of the customer in the USA (Mattel-Fisherprice) and the firm to be able to cover the operations of its Mexican subsidiary, avoiding significant costs in re-work and possible need of re-deployment of the solution.
Design and deliver the solution of the Competence Center, considered one of the largest engagements in the country for several years for Grupo Industrial Saltillo which currently provides and sells systems consultancy services to the group companies as well as to independent companies, which proves the effectiveness of the implementation.
Solution Included: Record to Report and Purchase to Pay cycles.

Employer: Oracle Corp (1998-2000)
Position: Oracle Senior Consultant
Engagement’s Customer: Various Senior Consultant (Jan1998 – Jan 2001)

Adopted a brand-new Oracle methodology called "Fast Forward" which includes preconfigured Oracle installation.
It was necessary to negotiate with the clients from a different culture to adopt this predefined "model" even when it wasn't fulfilling their expectations.
Adapted to an overly aggressive sales process and overflowed client expectations where I had to compromise work hours and had excruciating negotiation with client.
Delivered Purchase to Pay cycle for two different company’s implementations in Venezuela accordingly with time frames defined.

Employer: Multisystem Consulting (1996-1997)
Position: Consultant

Employer: Mexican Stock Exchange (1993-1996)
Positions:
Financial Analyst and Values Registration (1994-1996)
Accounting Analyst (1993-1994)

Studies 1988 – 1992 Bachelor's Degree in Public Accounting Universidad Anahuac
2014 Project Managing Training Monterrey TEC

Languages Fluent Written and Spoken.

Technical Knowledge

Oracle Modules
Finance: General Ledger, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Cash Management, Fixed Assets
Supply Chain: Inventory, Cost Management, Order Management, Purchasing, WMS
Property Manager
Quality

Other Capabilities
Oracle On demand and Cloud migrations and conversions from legacy systems.
Tableau (data mining and reporting software)
Celonis (data and process mining software)

Oracle Fusion (Cloud)
Oracle on Demand Applications
Project Management

US: +1-941-***-****
adjej3@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate