Ramon Aldana Tampa, FL 813-***-**** adlf83@r.postjobfree.com
QA SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT
Continuous Integration & Delivery UI Test Automation Data Migration High-Performance Team Management
Exemplary record in analyzing & improving processes as well as driving business continuity planning.
25+ years of global experience driving CI/CD/ETL process automation and implementing QA/Test automation frameworks for companies such as Microsoft and Intel. BS in Computer Science with extensive, holistic & hybrid career path: deep experience as a QA Architect/Engineer, DB Architect, Software Design Engineer, TCoE Training Architect, and Tester. Reach across disciplines to understand problems from architectural angle and deliver bespoke solutions. Adept at translating problems to operational, management, and engineering staff, as well as end users. Led 10 projects and 100+ people in Mexico, Guatemala, India & USA. An influential, results-oriented leader.
Key Strengths:
Database Architecture ETL Test Frameworks & Strategies Performance Tuning Application Lifecycle Management Virtual Lab Management Resource Management .Net Development Test Automation Tools Solutions Oriented Risk Management Skill Gap Analysis Backup Strategy High Availability Innovative Empowering Leadership Persuasive Communicator Problem-Solving Training Teamwork Active Listening Time Management Self-Driven Detail Oriented
Technical Skills:
MS Azure DevOps MS Technology Stack MS SQL Server Hyper-V TSQL Selenium C#
Professional Experience
Doxxa Tampa, FL 4/20-Current
Data Strategy Consultant
Understanding of data architectural needs and offer data strategy solutions.
Turn analysis into insight to feed into AI subsystems that aim to forecast trends.
Contributed with the design of robust data models to enhance data architectural needs.
PwC Tampa, FL 5/19-8/20
QA Architect
Led test automation efforts, test strategy, and architecture in Azure environment with Agile and DevOps methodologies.
Increased productivity 40% and enabled more accurate forecasting of test automation milestones in eight months by consolidating automation tools, thoroughly analyzed all tools being used (Qualitia, Katalon, CodedUI, etc.), recommended single tool, reorganized team by expertise/ skill set, and created advanced Excel repost linked to Azure DevOps to measure productivity/velocity, architected and implemented components to aid in integration with Azure DevOps, thus achieving continuous integration/delivery.
Made test automation more stable and predictable in six months by developing solution to replace off-the-shelf tool, which was falling behind on deliverables and lacked performance, usability, and integration, created SOLID object-oriented page object model with raw Selenium and C#, this gave automation ability to self-heal and fully integrate with Azure DevOps.
IQVIA – Pilgrim Quality Tampa, FL 2/14-5/19
Senior QA Architect
Transitioned existing tool that relied on Microsoft CodedUI framework to Selenium framework, the existing tool required hardcoded UI Elements locators and could only be initiated manually and run locally, project also involved implementation and automation of virtual machines and integration with TeamCity and Test Manager. Architected continuous delivery platform whose main components included a test harness windows application and a remote test execution infrastructure powered by TeamCity, MS Hyper-V, and MS Test Manager, completed this in 12 months. Managed 20 employees.
Developed automation framework that was able to locate input controls by label and thus provided robust and useful BVT, feature, and regression testing, framework also produced plain English documentation of what test had performed, completed this project in 12 months.
Architected requirements-driven validation framework for which IQVIA later obtained a patent, framework, which took 18 months to create, automatically built test automation scripts from programming requirements, executed them, and generated documentation that described what the test had performed, originally implemented this using C#, and led a team in India that was tasked with migrating it to REACT framework and RESTful services.
UST Global Mexico 5/13-12/13
QA Architect
Spearheaded transformational training track for test center of excellence in Mexico, used training platform to help firm to establish this center in partnership with some companies from the health industry.
Created in SharePoint a training platform that would assess job candidates and recommend necessary testing-related training, managers were thus able to determine which candidates were a fit for certain projects and what training they needed based on their strengths and weaknesses, completed project in six months.
Led a group of QA analysts in assessing and improving BBVA Mexico’s testing life cycle within one month, project consisted of documenting processes, interviewing testers, and making recommendations.
Microsoft Redmond, WA 1/03-12/12
DB Architect/ SDE
Reduced time required to complete testing from one week (with 10 testers) to one day by automating testing of SQL Server installation in several environments in eight months, also created VBScript + WMI test automation cases to test healthy and stability of installation, this enabled SQL Server team to introduce 100 new permutations of installation options.
Provisioned virtual platform for MS SQL Server installation test, including SQL cluster virtualization with iSCSI.
Designed and implemented a complex document management database subsystem for Microsoft Windows Logo Program, also developed complex TSQL stored procedures as computation of document’s data validations moved from the middle tier to the database itself. Architected ETL process for data migration and dashboard presentation.
Intel Hillsborough, OR 2/99-12/02
DB Architect/ SDE Manager
Played key role in all DBA tasks for Intel SQL Datacenter, assumed responsibility for data availability, data catalogs, data migration, performance improvements, security, and storage planning.
Enabled Intel to track more bugs and issues by implementing command line interface in 15 months to enhance bug and issue tracking system (interface worked in Windows and UNIX), command line provided parameterized interface and interactive interface, also architected and implemented database behind this solution.
Led a group of 15 engineers dispersed in China, India, and the USA. Architected and lead ETL processes for BI and dashboards presentation and BI analysis.
Early Experience
Microsoft Redmond, WA
SDE/DB Architect
Delivered several game-changing projects involving database design, implementation, and replication strategies. Worked alongside 50 hardware/software engineers.
Provided business continuity plans that provided peace of mind due to the predictability of database recovery, also delivered backup/replication strategies that improved interfaces’ performance across Asia, Europe, and South America. Lead ETL efforts from several DataMarts within Microsoft like Windows Error reporting, Windows Update, and Hardware Compatibility List.
Implemented system to migrate paper-based submission processing to office automation.
System reduced handling of Windows Logo Program submissions from one month to one day, system also had an MS Access back/front end and thus automatically scanned/extracted information from MS Word documents and sent it to MS Access, system furthermore generated monthly reports of new hardware devices permitted to bear MS Windows Logo.
Pioneered the adoption of HTML for creation of Web pages for the Internet as part of this project.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science – Colegio Americano de Computacion, Guatemala
Contact this candidate