PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Talented, transformational engineer and inventor in IoT with extensive expertise charting courses to bring solutions to market. Cultivate innovative, high-performing teams to increase efficiencies and successfully deliver profitable outcomes by testing and iterating ideas. Lead development of viable products to address marketplace needs by researching and analyzing trends and gaps, ideating and experimenting with novel designs, and testing with target customers before entering into production phase.

SKILLS
Market Research & Analysis
Cross-functional Collaboration
Product Lifecycle Management
Cloud Computing
Project Management
Product Strategy
Product Management
Customer Relationship Management
Lean Manufacturing
Version Control Mgmt.
Agile Development
Electronic Circuit Design
PCB Design
CM Bring-up
Debugging Tools
Circuit Bring-up
Embedded USB
I2C, I2S, SPI, UARTS
Microchip PICs
STM32, NXP and Nordic ARM
Bootloaders
OTA updates
RF Communications
Antenna Matching

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DISH, Denver, CO 2017–Present
Principal Solutions Architect
Streamline integration of ParkiFi purchase into IT department and build out national IoT enabled network, focusing on innovation, higher levels of service for current and prospective customers, and continued growth within Fortune 250 company. Collaborate with cross-functional management teams to scope project activities and define budget. Advised and orchestrated project teams developing products and associated architectures. Serve as subject matter expert and program manager, driving, coordinating, and navigating interdependencies in architecting overall product, including hardware, cloud components, and customer-facing and product-specific User Interfaces (UI) and User Experiences (UX). Communicate with team members on status updates, potential risks, and suggestions for process improvements. Perform market research, exploring market needs and experimenting with technology solutions, assessing opportunity and cost benefits, technical specifications, demographics, and ease of adoption. Train sales team on software, hardware, and firmware functionality and utilization opportunities for companies in other industries.
●Architected and developed IoT gateway with modular radios capable of Bluetooth, BLE, Wi-Fi, 433MHz, 915MHz, 2.4GHz, Thread, Zigbee and much more.
●Negotiated software, hardware, dev boards, and other equipment repurposing from other units to reduce costs to design fully automated hardware test environment for end-to-end testing of IoT system.
●Built high-performing team from ground up, preparing and providing job specifications and interviewing and hiring candidates, trained and mentored team of 20, including staff of 14 engineers, 1 product management specialist, 1 scrum master, 1 product manager, and 1 installation specialist.
●Envisioned $3.3B revenue opportunity with Neutral Host Gateway product, architecting and writing test software for end-to-end product assessment.
●Applied for 12 patents of which 2 have been issued so far.

ParkiFi, Denver, CO 2015–2017
Firmware Engineer to VP of Research and Development
Architected upgraded sensor technology and gateways designed to aggregate parking data for real-time parking-lot tracking and payment app. Collaborated with CEO on strategy, product lifecycle, and long-term support requirements. Built and managed superior team of 6, comprising 1 RF engineer and 5 firmware engineers, providing vision and direction and offering mentorship through workstreams. Advised management team of costs and budget.
●Improved data aggregation sensor performance from 30% to 70%+ accuracy within 8 months by rewriting sensor technology, upgrading firmware and hardware correlation through cloud and UI, and orchestrating simultaneous workstreams for immediate access and accurate reporting. Refined accuracy rates to 98.5%, and with some designs reporting up to 99% accurate within 2 years.
●Implemented machine learning in sensor SOC to get increase accuracy over noisy environments.
●Optimized battery life from 3 months to 6 years, offering cost-savings opportunities to customers of $100K+ by redesigning firmware and sensor hardware through schematics and circuit-board layouts.
●Reduced manufacturing costs of ParkiFi sensor by 50% while simultaneously improving durability and resistance to elements and parking-lot conditions.
●Redesigned the gateway coordinating 30-day efforts of software and hardware teams to eliminate fails and capture significant savings in repairs and travel and improving customer satisfaction.

AVOCATION SYSTEMS, Broomfield, CO 2005–2015
Founder, Designer, and OEM of Audio / Visual Equipment
Founded local B2B retailer and manufacturer of professional-grade audio / video distribution products. Motivated 6 direct reports representing sales, manufacturing, and accounting. Oversaw 1 fulltime engineer plus 15 contractors.
●Grew revenues from $0 to $50M YoY over 10 years within niche marketplace by customizing feature sets and strategically setting market objectives for OEM deals and distribution incentives for high-value transactions.
●Introduced formal processes to drive lean manufacturing, customer intimacy, product-line growth and vertical market penetration.
●Tracked and diligently pursued outstanding invoices by withholding commissions for sales people until all accounts were paid, only 2 accounts ever defaulted in 10 years.
●Navigated contract terms for sale of company for nearly $100M, negotiating for outstanding order fulfillment.
●Instituted customer feedback and market-analysis program to ensure satisfaction, drive loyalty, and gain insights into commercializing new products based on customer requirements.

CONVERGENT LIVING, Golden, CO 2003–2005
President
Promoted from consultant to engineering department manager to president for home automation business. Developed custom user interfaces to automation hardware and third-party equipment controls.
●Transformed business from home automation business to customized commercial offering within 6 months by modifying software and expanding product functionality.
●Closed $1.5M deal with Department of Defense in FL to install throughout training center.
●Tripled sales, growing monthly sales from $10–$20K to $30–$50K in monthly sales.
●Provided customized training to customers, tailoring user manuals for easy reference.

EDUCATION

Kennedy-Western University (now called Warren National University), Cheyenne, WY
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE, ELECTRONIC ENGINEERING

Denver Technical Institute, Denver, CO
ASSOCIATE DEGREE, ELECTRO-MECHANICAL DRAFTING

SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE

Office Suites: Microsoft, Google, and Adobe
Coding: Lua, Python, Actionscript
Conferencing: GoToMeeting, WebEx, TeamViewer
Solidworks
MPLAB, Crosscore, Sigma Studio
Pads PCB, Pulsonix
Languages: RAD Studio, C, Assembly
Lattice FPGA
Contact this candidate