ADETOKUNBO (TOKS) ADEJUYIGBE
**** ********** **** *****, ** 75025
Tel: +1-469-***-****

SUMMARY:
Over 28 years as an Oracle Manufacturing,Supply Chain, Human Resources and Financials Technical/Functional Consultant.
Proven leadership and skills in RICE (Reports, Interfaces, Conversion and Extension) Design and Development.
Experience working on several data warehousing projects and provided data cleansing solutions to support best practices for MDM and to comply with the Oracle CEMLI Standards.
Deep experience in the implementation and customization of application packages and database systems development efforts.
Experienced in the design, support and implementation of Oracle application modules in the Financials, Supply Chain, Human Resources, Manufacturing and Enterprise Asset Management areas.
Experienced in leading enterprise applications integration, configuration and implementation efforts, providing oversight for the validation of associated work products.

EDUCATION:
University of Ife, Nigeria, 1983
oBachelor's Degree, Computer Sciences with Economics

CERTIFICATIONS:
Oracle 11i10 Technical Integration Champion Certificate, 2007
Oracle 11i10 Advanced Planning Technical Pre-Sales Champion Certificate, 2007
Oracle 11i10 Advanced Planning Implementation Champion Certificate, 2007

SKILLS:
Oracle Applications capabilities (R12.2.4, R12, R11i, R11, R10.7): Oracle Discrete Manufacturing (Flow, Repetitive, Mixed Mode), Oracle Inventory (INV), Oracle Bills of Materials (BOM), Oracle Cost Management (CST), Oracle Accounts Payables (AP), Oracle Accounts Receivables (AR), Oracle Order Management (OM), Oracle Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), Oracle Purchasing (PO), Oracle Financials and Federal Financials (FV), Oracle Materials Requirements Planning (MRP), Oracle Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Oracle Human Resources Management (HR, PAY, PER), Oracle PIM, Information Lifecycle Management, Master Data Management (MDM) and TCA Architecture (Oracle Customer Data Hub).
Technology: Oracle Forms 6i/4.5, Reports 6i/2.5, APEX 4.2, Oracle Designer 2000, MS SQL SERVER 2000, Oracle Discoverer 3.1/4.
Methodologies Supported: Agile Development Methodology, Oracle AIM Methodology.
Templates Supported: BR100s, MD.050, MD.070, TE.030, TE.090, TE.050, TE110, TE.120 and TE.130, CV.070, CV.060,
CV.080, CV.090, CV.110.
Software: PL/SQL Developer, SQL Developer, APEX 4.2, Oracle Workflow Builder and Toad.
Languages/Databases: Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i/8/7.3, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, Pro*C.

EXPERIENCE:

05/17 – 12/22
Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) eTWD Program, Kittery ME
Technical Solutions Architect/Team Lead/Developer

Implementing Oracle EBS (EAM module) as part of a Maintenance Support System for the U.S. Department of the Navy. The new system (eTWD) will improve how shipyard maintenance is performed, which will improve fleet readiness and generate cost savings for the naval shipyard maintenance operations making critical budget dollars available for other force structure and readiness initiatives.

Design EAM Based hybrid solutions to re-engineer maintenance processes to an electronic system based work package.
Configure Oracle EBS EAM and supporting modules to support the maintenance lifecycle through the planning and scheduling of maintenance activities, documents and procedures.
Designed and developed R12 conversion scripts for Oracle EAM, HR (Resources and Certifications), Installed Base (IB), Work in Process (WIP) and Contracts.
Developing detailed processes for maintenance, planning and scheduling, designing data model and custom data structures to support interaction between custom DOD-centric Naval applications and Oracle EAM.
Provide ongoing support liaison with Oracle Support team – responding to issues, troubleshooting and analyzing issues to identify enhancements, requirements and provide technical support to achieve the solutions.
Designed and developed interface scripts and packages between Oracle EBS and legacy systems.
Developing packages, procedures and interfaces for integrating Oracle EBS with supporting eTWD applications (Primavera P6 EPPM, Webcenter Content Manager and Portal) and DoD custom naval applications through SOA/BPM.
Design and Develop integration processes and procedures for BPM workflow services.
Coordinate Resource staffing and management with Client team

03/16 – 05/17
Cross Country Home Services ATRIUM Project, Ft. Lauderdale FL
Technical Lead / Architect

Implementing Oracle 12.2.4 Services, Inventory, Order Management, Customer Data Hub, TCA, Quoting and Contracts module.

Analysis and redesign of existing custom packages for maintainability and reusability.
Working with client and development team to re-engineer quoting application and enhance integration between custom quoting package and Oracle Order Management.
Working with client to reconfigure Oracle EBS customer and party relationships to better utilize the standard Oracle TCA functionality.
Work with Services team to redefine Customer data hub model, allowing single source for customer information and MDM compliance
Designed and developed R12 conversion scripts for Oracle Contracts, Services, Quoting and Order Management.
Provide ongoing support liaison with Oracle Support team – responding to issues, troubleshooting and analyzing issues to identify enhancements, requirements and provide technical support to achieve the solutions.
Designed and developed interface scripts and packages between Oracle EBS and legacy systems.
Create and resolve SRs with Oracle support.

11/14 – 03/16
Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) eTWD Program, Kittery ME
Technical Analyst/Architect/Oracle Apps Developer

Implementing Oracle EBS (EAM module) as part of a Maintenance Support System for the U.S. Department of the Navy. The new system (eTWD) will improve how shipyard maintenance is performed, which will improve fleet readiness and generate cost savings for the naval shipyard maintenance operations making critical budget dollars available for other force structure and readiness initiatives.

Working with client and development team to re-engineer maintenance processes to eventually replace paper-based work instructions, reference materials, technical drawings and forms with an electronic work package.
Configure Oracle EBS EAM and supporting modules to support the maintenance lifecycle through the planning and scheduling of maintenance activities, documents and procedures.
Designed and developed R12 conversion scripts for Oracle EAM, HR (Resources and Certifications), Installed Base (IB), Work in Process (WIP) and Contracts.
Developing detailed processes for maintenance, planning and scheduling, designing data model and custom data structures to support interaction between custom DoD Naval applications and Oracle EAM.
Provide ongoing support liaison with Oracle Support team – responding to issues, troubleshooting and analyzing issues to identify enhancements, requirements and provide technical support to achieve the solutions.
Designed and developed interface scripts and packages between Oracle EBS and legacy systems.
Developing packages, procedures and interfaces for integrating Oracle EBS with supporting eTWD applications (Primavera P6 EPPM, Webcenter Content Manager and Portal) and DoD custom naval applications through SOA/BPM.
Create and resolve SRs with Oracle support.

03/14 – 10/14
TELEPHONICS CORPORATION, Farmingdale, NY
Technical Analyst/Oracle Apps Developer
Perform code review and redesign, impact analysis on functionality and compliance with production level integration.
Designed and developed R12 conversion scripts for Oracle Installed Base (IB) Depot Repairs, Work in Process (WIP) and Contracts.
Provide post-production and Go LIVE support for the Depot Repairs team – responding to issues, troubleshooting and analyzing issues to identify enhancements, requirements and provide technical support to achieve the solutions.
Designed and developed interface scripts and packages between Oracle EBS and legacy OM systems.
Assist in the configuration of Modules and functionalities – Depot Repair, Inventory, Installed Base, Service Contracts, Repository Contracts and Order Management.
Create and resolve SRs with Oracle support.
Create test cases and scenarios documents for UAT and System testing.

01/13 – 03/14
BIC GRAPHIC, Clearwater, FL
Workflow Technical Analyst/Technical Lead
Developed workflow enhancements for iExpense, GL, PO and HR functionalities.
Perform code review and redesign, impact analysis on functionality and compliance with production level integration.
Coordinate R12 technical specifications, conversions and interface scripts development and test to ensure it meets specified client requirements (Oracle Modules HR, AR (TCA), OM and INV).
Designed and developed packages to enhance functionalities with OM/AR integration for Credit Card processing.
Designed and developed package and report for Advanced Pricing Distributor Price Sheets, linking customer pricing attributes to customer relationships and contacts to derive correct price sheets based on parameters.
Support the Finance and Supply Chain teams on issues and analyze issues to identify enhancements, requirements and provide technical support to achieve the solutions.
Support set up and configuration efforts on HR, OM, AR and INV Modules, Define Customers, contacts and customer contact relationships using TCA model. Assist business SMEs in the configuration of the various modules and their integration points/profile options – AR, INV, OM and HR.
Redefined Customer data centric model to allow systemic integration and single source for customer information to comply with MDM design and implementation
Designed and developed conversion scripts for HRMS (HR), Bills of Materials (BOM) and Inventory modules using appropriate APIs. Designed data extraction and transformation scripts for BOM, INV and WIP modules to interface between legacy systems and Oracle EBS.

01/12 – 01/13
GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM, Quantico, VA (USMC GCSS Program)
Production Support Technical Analyst/Tester
Provided technical support to the test team, ensuring test scenarios and results are well documented using the Oracle AIM methodology standard document sets. Develop test cases and test documentation in compliance with client standards.
Perform code review and redesign, impact analysis on functionality and compliance with production level integration.
Coordinate R12 conversion script development and test to ensure it meets specified client requirements.
Design technical specifications and packages for interfaces to Oracle AP, PO and INV.
Identify and define linkage points between PO, HR and AR modules using Oracle Trading Community Architecture (TCA).
Assist in the creation and review of test cases, test data and execution of test scenarios/scripts.
Work with test team to log and track test materials and software defects.
Assist with requirements gathering, requirements and fit/gap analysis and documentation of same.
Provide assistance to the PMO in defining and building reporting data structures and scripts.
Create test cases and scenarios documents for UAT and System testing.
Execute UAT and SIT testing of development work, documenting results per approved test templates and procedures.

10/07 – 12/11
EXPEDITIONARY COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM, Beavercreek, OH
Senior ERP Analyst Designer/Technical Consultant (US Air Force ECSS Program)
Defined, designed and implemented conversion scripts to load applicable data (ITEMS, BOM) for the ECSS Pathfinder project. Document the technical specification for all artifacts using the AIM methodology MD.070 template.
Designing and developing technical specifications for interfaces as well as coding using industry standard tools (PL/SQL, BPEL services orchestration).
Participated in and supported the functional team in the Solutions design Lab for PLM and EAM modules. Assist functional team in documenting the RICE functional descriptions, Business impacts and assumptions as laid down in the ECSS guidelines.
Work with the PLM IPT as Technical Analyst during Process Area Blueprinting to define and analyze RICE Objects, their impacts, gaps and requirements.
Work with the DLM Team to identify, define and map data objects and elements applicable to Oracle PLM – ITEMS, BOM, ROUTINGS, ECR and ECO. Designed and developed conversion and interface scripts for AR (Customers), FV (Budget Execution), INV (including Customer Items and Customer Item Cross References), HR (Person, Person Special Information), WMS (Lot and Lot attributes), BOM (Bills, Routings and Resources), EAM (Assets, Asset Activities and Attribute Groups)., Oracle PIM, Oracle MDM and TCA Architecture, Oracle Payments, Oracle Installed Base, Depot Repairs and Service Contracts.
Work with functional team in Configuration and set up design, creating BR100 for setup steps and working with SMEs on configuration migration between instances. Work with the Legacy Deconstruction team to identify and map current legacy interfaces to requirements and interfaces identified during Blueprinting.
Work with functional SMEs in organizing and delivering CRP workshops for customer data management, defining merge rules for the Customer data hub and TCA architecture and underlying applications set up.
Work with the RICE Team to define applicable processes to move identified RICE Objects through the Governance process. Work with IPT and RICE Teams on other deliverables as defined in the project scope of work. Identified and customized seeded workflows to replicate customer legacy functionality.

11/06 – 09/07
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY OFFICE OF FEDERAL HOUSING OVERSIGHT (OFHEO), Washington, DC
Technical Consultant
Developed an end to end Credit Card to Invoice interface package to process Bank of America (BofA) Credit card payments using a combination of jsp and PL/SQL. The process takes the credit card transactions file from BofA, validates the transactions against buyers and creates invoices and then processes the accounting through to GL. Once the file has been processed through to GL, it is archived. This provides OFHEO with a capability for automated one stop credit card processing.
Worked with client test team to identify, define and design/implement test cases/scenarios for testing the integration of the interface with the Oracle Federal Financials Application.

11/05 – 11/06
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY BUREAU OF THE PUBLIC DEBT, Parkersburg, WV
Technical Consultant/Team Lead (United States Mint 11.5.9 Discrete Manufacturing/Federal Financials implementation)
Lead developer on the Mint Implementation of Discrete Manufacturing/Oracle Federal Financials 11.5.9.
Developed conversion scripts for Inventory Items, Quantities on Hand, Vendors and Vendor sites, Banks and Bank Accounts, Customers, BOMs and Routings.
Developed interfaces for credit card validation between external banks and Oracle iPayments module.
Developed crosswalk scripts to enhance error reporting and conversion statistics.
Developed extensions to coordinate the product line accounting and custom date encryption/decryption for Order Management processes.
Provided end user support in resolving issues involved with setup and data validation/crosswalk between Oracle and legacy PeopleSoft system.
Provided wrapper procedures to call Oracle APIs for further enhancement of processes using shell scripts and standard PL/SQL.
Provided team support for reports and interfaces.
Developed Conversion Specification documents, developed and implemented integration testing scenarios for the PLA extensions as well as the Order Management data encryption/description functionality.

05/05 – 10/05
CITY OF MEMPHIS, Memphis, TN
Technical Consultant/Team Lead
Led the technical team as an Oracle 11i Subject matter expert on AP, GL, AR and PO.
Provided technical end user support of Oracle HR, Payroll and OTL.
Developed custom reports to mimic old reports from legacy system and also in compliance with user standards and processes. Provided support during CRM Conference Room Pilot process, advising users on CRM processes as related to the City of Memphis Customer Charter and integration points with Oracle CRM.
Designed shell scripts to provide interface between incoming and outgoing data from Legacy system to Oracle and onward to outside entities (Banks, Vendors, HealthCare providers).

11/04 – 05/05
CENTERPOINTE RESEARCH INSTITUTE, Beaverton, OR
Technical Implementation Consultant
Worked with client as an Oracle 11i Subject matter expert on AP, GL, AR, OM and CRM Applications.
Developed procedures and scripts to convert legacy data into Oracle Applications for AP, AR, OM, JTF, CRM Install base and GL.
Designed data conversion standards for easier migration of data to Oracle applications tables using concurrent imports or APIs where applicable.
Worked with client functional and technical management to design various procedures and processes to interface and convert legacy systems.
Developed a framework with client to import orders into the Oracle OM applications through a web front end and PL/SQL and Perl backend. Identified and customized seeded workflows (OM, AR, AP) in response to customer requirements.
Document technical specifications and support testing events.
Obtain data extracts from source systems for conversion analysis.
Responsible for data mapping, conversion, translation, and loading and assisting the client with identifying problem areas within the legacy system data during data cleansing.
Perform data loading and assist the client with data validation and cleansing.

07/04 – 10/04
MCGRAW-HILL GROUP OF COMPANIES, Columbus, OH
ETL Developer
Developed Mappings and transformation rules to map business rules, requirements and policies, using Oracle Warehouse Builder (OWB) 9.2.
Developed PL/SQL scripts and processes to convert legacy codes and data to standardized and normalized format for OWB Transformation.
Defined and worked with client to formalize OWB architecture and archiving processes.
Created daily mapping functionalities to move data from Oracle 11i Applications environment to warehouse.
Defined, designed and created PL/SQL scripts to effect sales data recasting and recast data extracts for use by Sales reps. Fine-tuned scripts for performance and enhancements using PL/SQL.
Generated schema comparison scripts to enable client to maintain schemas in sync with OWB repository.

02/03 – 06/04
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS ORACLE IMPLEMENTATION, Tampa, FL
Technical Implementation Consultant
Developed training for users on Vendor maintenance, differences in 11i and 10.7, gaps and strategies to map present business requirements to 11i standard functionality.
Fine-tuned custom application scripts, forms and reports to align with new functionalities and table structure in 11i.
Converted and migrated Forms and Reports to 11i standard and helped with upgrade steps in each category.
Advised client on constraints for each category and planned the different stages.
Supported users at client sites in Mexico, US and the UK on different gaps and problem resolutions.
Helped with error logging and tar creation on issues involving application, performance tuning and downtimes.
Created scripts and procedures to correct known bugs in 11i, including Voids, Non-recoverable taxes, check and invoice cancellation.

01/2000 – 02/2003
CSC CONSULTING
Managing Principal Consultant

General Dynamics Land Systems, Sterling Heights, MI
Configured Oracle Time and Labor (OTL), defining work breakdown structure and incorporating client requirements into the application.
Customized the layout definition files to mimic customer legacy time card layout.
Worked with client staff to define formulas and lists of values for use in the drop down zones of the new layout.
Developed Fast Formulas for accrual plans, absence duration calculations and payroll elements.
County Of San Diego, San Diego, CA
Team Leader Oracle Financials (General Accounting) Development Team.
Developed packages, stored procedures and database triggers to interface between legacy system and Oracle Public Sector Financials Applications.
Developed a custom interface between legacy accounting and property tax apportionment systems to Oracle GL. The interface automatically calls journal import if no errors are found during accounting flexfield validations. If errors are found this is reported back to the client using a custom report called directly from the interface process.
Provided architectural direction for project and applications. This includes conceptual design, requirements analysis, detail design, and technical issue resolution throughout the lifecycle of the project. Assisted in resolving gap analysis issues in compliance with client requirements and business objectives.
Developed SQR scripts to maintain and manage interfaces between Oracle Applications and PeopleSoft HR/benefits modules. PeopleSoft needed to pass benefits and payroll data to Oracle GL for Accounting and statistical purposes. These SQR scripts are created to select the data, formatted into a flat file and then passed picked up by a custom interface process into Oracle GL Interface table.
Led technical team in designing and developing reports, forms, alerts, custom database objects, and custom interfaces for interaction between various legacy systems and Oracle Apps 11i GL, INV and FA.
Trained end users in using custom forms and reports. Developed and customized Oracle supplied reports to closely replicate customer reporting requirements and legacy forms.

04/1997 – 01/2000
ANSWERTHINK INC
Manager Oracle Solutions Group

Pinellas County Board Of Commissioners, Clearwater Beach, FL
Team Leader Oracle Financials and HRMS implementation for Custom Development Team.
Developed conversion scripts for legacy data to Oracle HRMS applications, including OTM.
Built several interfaces between HRMS and legacy system to enable consistency of data during testing phase before moving into production and also replicate reporting attributes between the two systems.
Developed packages, stored procedures and database triggers to interface between legacy system and Oracle Public Sector Financials Applications.
Developed custom Oracle Forms and Reports (18 each) to replicate legacy system functionalities and fill gaps between Oracle and current legacy system.
Conversion of legacy data to Oracle for HR, FA, PO, INV, GL, AP, and AR applications. Trained end users in using custom forms and reports.

General Electric, Plainville, CT
Developed procedures to convert legacy data into Oracle Applications for Purchasing, INV, OE, GL, AP and AR.
Designed data conversion standards for easier migration of data to Oracle Application tables.
Worked with client functional and technical management to design various procedures and processes to interface and convert legacy systems, MAPICS and APPX, to a one-stop purchasing and sourcing system utilizing Oracle Purchasing Applications.

08/1996 – 04/1997
MASTECH SYSTEMS
Senior Consultant/Team Leader

Hayes Wheels, Romulus, MI
Team Leader for Inventory Custom Development Team.
Developed pre-processes, stored procedures and database triggers to interface between Hayes Wheels legacy system and Oracle Inventory.
Developed forms and reports to replicate legacy system screens and report on Oracle Inventory using Oracle Forms and Reports. Registered Forms and Reports in Oracle Inventory using AOL.
Developed pre-processes and interface for various Oracle Manufacturing modules (INV, OE, MRP, WIP, BOM).
Developed forty reports for Oracle Manufacturing implementation using Oracle Reports and customized seeded Inventory Reports.
Developed EDI conversion and interface scripts between CARAS-RADLEY and Oracle Manufacturing MRP module.

06/1992 – 08/1996
PEROT SYSTEMS EUROPE LIMITED
Systems Engineer/Consultant

EuropCar Interrent Project, Heathrow, UK
Implemented and customized Oracle General Ledger. Set up charts of accounts, sets of books and default parameter settings for each set of books.
Developed reports using SQL*ReportWriter and interrogation forms using SQL*Forms to interface with Oracle Financials (GL, AR, AP, RA).
Developed batch procedures to download data from non-financials processes to Oracle Financials. Provided support to the client to ensure that all transfers to Oracle Financials follow the business rules.
Participated in the development of the Greenway System, an Oracle-based car rental management accounting system, to facilitate single source database management utilizing client/server technology and UNIX System V.
Participated in the development and maintenance of a Central Billing and Reservation module for the Europcar Interrent Greenway System. Interacted with client users to ensure that changes to the existing system and provisions of new applications were fully evaluated, implemented, and documented.
Contact this candidate