Jack Cashman

***** ******** ******
Brambleton, VA
advbak@r.postjobfree.com
571-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am a uniquely versed Senior Information Technology (IT) professional with substantial and progressive experience. I am a specialist in needs analysis, program and project scoping while adhering to an organization’s strategic plan. Skilled in risk assessment, cross-functional collaboration, and project deployment. Passionate about emerging technologies and dedicated to exceeding expectations to improve efficiencies, reduce costs, and increase revenues.

Expertise Includes:
Leading engineering and design for infrastructure-related services
Directing full scale design and development of complex, cloud-native, SaaS/PaaS solutions within AWS/MS Azure infrastructure(s)
Accomplished in cybersecurity research and analysis for front-line defense of networks, data, and infrastructure while reducing threat surfaces for other potential security risks
Managing migrations for cloud computing, virtualization, and network design implementation(s)
Principal coordinator of technical vendor management leveraging technology offerings/portfolios for integration and implementation(s)

TECHNICAL SKILLS

CLOUD PLATFORMS: Microsoft Azure and Office 365, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform
LAN DESIGN/ADMINISTRATION: Microsoft Windows Server, Linux/Unix, Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, SharePoint and SQL Server, Microsoft Office 365, MySQL, Oracle
STORAGE: Storage Area Networks (SAN) Administration, backup/disaster recovery solutions
ROUTING & SWITCHING: MPLS, BGP, OSPF, IS-IS, EIGRP, VLANs
SECURITY: Firewalls, Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDS/IPS), VPN, IPSec, SSL and digital certificates, endpoint security management, spam filtering
VIRTUALIZATION: VMware vSphere, VMware View/Horizon, Microsoft Hyper-V



EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

M.S., Georgia Institute of Technology, Cybersecurity, Currently Enrolled – GPA 4.0
B.S., Slippery Rock University, Computer Science/Mathematics, 1986
Certified Oracle Exadata Developer by Oracle University – April 2011
Contracting Technical Officer Representative Certificate – March 2009
George Washington School of Law, Washington, DC

SPECIALIZED TRAINING

Amazon Web Services (AWS) Solutions Architect Boot Camp, May 2020
ServiceNow Bootcamp – Sentinel One June 2019
Microsoft Azure Deployment, August 2018
Oracle Virtual Machine (OVM) Essentials, February 2014
Cloud Computing for Government workshop, Oracle University August 2013
EXPERIENCE

April 2021-Present
NVR., Inc., Reston, VA
Solutions Architect – Enterprise Architecture
As a senior member of the Enterprise Architecture Team at NVR, I am actively involved in the practice of describing, creating, designing, and managing the solution architecture engineering in relation to specific business problems at NVR, Inc.. I am a leader contributing to the introduction of cloud migrations while adhering to the technology roadmap at NVR. As a Solution Architect, I am responsible for the full life-cycle creation of enterprise-wide solutions. The solutions entail application upgrades, migrations, technologies, processes, and infrastructure enhancements. My leadership and governance provide the necessary analysis, and design tasks related to these migrations for cloud-based solutions at the enterprise level. These development efforts are performed with minimal operational interruptions assisting the overall business to move forward, thrive, and remain continually competitive in a very competitive home building marketplace. Most recently I have been appointed to head the Identity and Access Management Practice (IAMP) for the NVR Enterprise.

May 2020-Feb 2021
CGI Federal, Fair Lakes, VA
Director – Consulting Services
As the Director of Consulting Services, I am fully engaged with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) within the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security (CISA) Agency’s Continuous Diagnostic Mitigation (CDM) DEFEND-F program. The CDM DEFEND-F effort defends the United States (U.S.) Federal Information Technology (IT) networks from cybersecurity threats by providing continuous monitoring sensors (tools), diagnosis, mitigation strategies, and associated services to strengthen the security posture of Government networks. This program covers ~74 micro-agencies. I deliver a variety of shared cyber services via a current operational shared services platform (SSP) catalogue environment in a cloud implementation. These implementations include records management strategies, processes, and controls against breaches of electronic data. This mitigation strategy included incident response planning and training as well as ensuring that an organization streamlined its data retention to respond to internal and external government data calls to operate its business. This required some organizations to adopt new or update their data retention policies. Fully engaged in SaaS migrations via SAFe agile framework while adhering to DHS’s software development lifecycle (SDLC). Currently collaborating/coordinating with DEFEND-F engineering to implement the next generation of this SSP targeted for midyear 2021. Presently direct staff of ~12 resources and matrixed IT staff of ~8 for a 5 year ~$247 million effort.

March 2014-May 2020
Chartis Federal, McLean, VA
Sr. Technical Program/Delivery Manager
As the Senior Technical Program Manager, I was responsible for the implementation of the U.S. Federal Protective Services (FPS) network and radio infrastructure modernization. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., FPS is under the Resource Management Agency within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). FPS is divided into twelve (12) regions nationwide and is responsible for protecting over 9,600+ federal facilities. Regional headquarters are in metropolitan areas across the country, with ~215 urban, rural, and remote sites. These sites are supported by four (4) Mega Centers (MCs) providing dispatch responses to over ~534,000 calls for operational service annually supporting ~17,000 officers. Initial efforts include, but were not limited to the design, development, and implementation of an IP-based network migration from a current frame relay architecture for the transport layer. Land Mobile Radio (LMR) network modernization efforts include both cost modeling and technical interoperability reviews with the radio subscriber units. Associated radio infrastructure was integrated into the IP-based network for land mobile radio (LMR) operational systems via a CISCO platform. Directed ~15 IT staff located at four MCs in the support of multiple records management systems in daily support for entire officer force that included:
Dispatch Operations Log (DOL) - An application that creates a continuous, chronological log of reports of daily activities.
Web Records Management System (WebRMS) - The nationwide incident reporting system, which serves as a central repository for all case management data.
Law Enforcement Information Management System (LEIMS) - Allows FPS investigators and inspectors to document specific details and the outcome of all case activities.
Dictaphone Police Report Recorder - A system that allows FPS personnel without direct access to WebRMS to record information telephonically.

All IT related activities adhered to DHS’s software development lifecycle (SDLC) and included external vendor management where applicable. Management of third-party resources for COTS development/deployment was completed as required. Directed total staff of 50+ resources nationwide for this 5 year ~$50 million IT/LMR effort.

November 2008-March 2014
U.S. Department of Homeland Security – U.S. Customs & Border Protection, Falls Church, VA
Engineering & Infrastructure Government Lead
August 2012-March 2014
Government Technical Program Lead responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s (CBP) Windows Server Farm (WSF) relocation to multiple Department of Homeland Security (DHS) data centers in two different geographical locations within the continental United States. The implementation of this infrastructure includes both real-time replication and full back up scenarios to accommodate the current CBP windows server farm plus one-year growth from a capacity perspective. The platform(s) that are included in this effort are derived from multiple vendors/integrators (VMWare, Cisco, EMC). Both internal and external customers to CBP are being included in this design/implementation/migration via an AGILE-based project methodology. This methodology included parallel sprint activities between software development and integration along with multiple hardware implementations/configurations.
Government Technical Program Lead responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection's (CBP) enterprise implementation for MSOFFICE365 to a user base of more than 71,000. The design includes cloud architecture considerations with all applicable storage/backup facilities needed to seamlessly integrate various Microsoft hybrid cloud-based suite offerings to include Skydrive, LYNC, and SharePoint in both public and private cloud scenarios. Completed analysis of waterfall versus agile methodologies for this task. This was CBP’s first project applying/managing an AGILE process of an outside service/vendor.

Cloud Computing Environment Infrastructure Lead
March 2011-August 2012
Government Technical Lead responsible for designing, migrating, and implementing strategic U.S. Customs and Border Protection's (CBP) enterprise applications off current mainframe, UNIX, Linux, and windows' commodity environments to Oracle's Exalogic and Exadata engineered system platforms in the CBP Cloud Computing Environment(C3E). Introduced and coordinated these activities via an AGILE-based project methodology through multiple teams and sprint activities. Presentations to senior leadership every month included calculations on velocity obtained via burn down of sprint backlogs and sprint grooming. Directed all necessary government and contracting staff for application implementations at CBP's National Data Center (NDC) with migrations to the Department of Homeland Security Data Centers in two different geographical locations within the continental United States. Additional duties include a secondary design on Oracle's Exalogic frames to be implemented with commodity software solutions (Red Hat, Windows, and Hadoop).

Security Engineering Branch Chief (Acting)
December 2009-March 2011
Government Branch Chief directing multiple groups for all security engineering development supporting entire enterprise for the Office of Information Technology for the United States Bureau of Customs and Border Protection (CBP) within the Department of Homeland Security. The development within the Security Engineering Branch (SEB) includes spearheading CBP’s latest Service-oriented Architecture effort: Common Application Integration Project (CAIP). CAIP centralizes various application presentation tiers to give CBP staff efficient access to mission-critical systems within the CBP enterprise. CAIP provides architecture with high availability that contains local and geographical failover capabilities leveraging Kerberos-based authentication, with DNS-based naming and other network information. This provides a central location for network administration and delegation of authority for information security and single sign-on for user access to networked based resources. The CAIP application displays Java Specific Request (JSR) 168 portlets via the IBM WebSphere Portal Server, and Microsoft SharePoint web parts via Microsoft Office Sharepoint Server (MOSS) 2007. Further enterprise development also includes the Enterprise Single Sign-on (ESSO) effort being instituted at CBP. A phased approach in conjunction with DHS's Identity, Credential, and Access Management (ICAM) component segment. This will implement a well-protected system to manage identity and access management information. Applications access the shared infrastructure to leverage shared services and users authenticate into this shared infrastructure to have seamless access to all integrated applications for which they have permission to access. Additional directions are given to a member of staff of Information System Security Officers (ISSOs). This pool of ISSO resources was responsible for the development, architecture, and providing technical solutions for the implementation, operation, and maintenance of credentialing, repositories, updates, and classification solutions that will enable the successful operation. Further direction includes the development of C&A documentation while maintaining the CBP System Security Plan.


Middleware Engineering/Capacity Planning & Performance Measurement Government Lead
November 2008-December 2009
Middleware Engineering Program Manager/Government Lead for all Capacity Planning and Performance Measurement for CBP Enterprise. Leading a multi-organization task force to manage capacity planning engineers and daily capacity performance reporting personnel and augment coordination tasks of trending analysis and implementation of new performance metric reporting. Currently provide technical direction, guidance, motivation, mentorship, and management to team members. Serve as the group's focal point for interaction with managers of other related disciplines, including network management, network engineering, engineering analysis, and application development/support. Evaluate capacity planning tools for the measurement of server utilization and define capacity planning methodology for new services via physical components (servers). Management of the overall Capacity Planning initiatives contributes to the evaluation of network capacity impact of new network features and services. These results are factored into return on investment (ROI) and cost justification analysis for enterprise expansion and/or network optimization projects from a financial perspective.

June 2007- November 2008
QinetiQ North America/Apogen Technologies, Springfield, VA
Middleware Engineering Program Manager, United States Customs and Border Protection
Program Manager directing twenty (20) staff members responsible for all development of strategic messaging architectures on an enterprise level for the Office of Information Technology at the United States Bureau of Customs and Border Protection (CBP) within the Department of Homeland Security. These middleware messaging architectures support over 301 ports of entry, 45 service ports, and just under 30,000 border patrol agents, agriculture, customs, and immigration inspection officers. I effectively direct all full system engineering life cycle (SELC) methodologies to include requirements, development, testing, configuration management, system administration and documentation for entire CBP middleware enterprise. This development and support spans across four program offices against a matrix of multiple projects. Additional program responsibilities include all budgets, schedules, technical infrastructure updates, resources, and contract management in support of these efforts.

October 2006-June 2007
TechTeam Global, Chantilly, VA
Program Manager
Program Manager directing multiple staff members responsible for all portal development for the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services (CMS), within the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services using BEA’s Plumtree Portal Suite (versions 5.X and 6.X). Effectively provided full software development life cycle (SDLC) methodologies to include requirements, development, testing, configuration management, system administration (both development and production), and documentation spanning across multiple projects (3). Implementations under development and in production include portals for the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services (CMS), the Office of External Affairs for CMS, along with other multiple business units CMS to include architectural design. Additional program responsibilities include all budgets, schedule, and resource direction for the entire program.

December 2001-September 2006
Northrop Grumman Corporation, Reston VA
Systems Engineering & Operations Manager
Directed multiple staff responsible for all systems engineering (system administration, requirements, testing, configuration management, and documentation) spanning across multiple projects (4). Duties include updates to all (13 total) commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) J2EE technologies that interface with Northrop Grumman’s InFlowSuite™ product line. As a program manager for three production implementations, I actively directed multiple resources on full life-cycle support of concept development, requirements development, system specifications and architectural design. Program responsibilities included budgets, schedules, technical infrastructure, resource, and contract management. Program management responsibilities included: Department of State - Defense Trade Controls Application System, U.S. Treasury - BSA Direct E-Filing System, and Transportation Security Administration - Indirect Air Carrier Support System Duties expanded to include external business development for e-Frameworks organization to include being financial support to the Director. A U.S. Treasury Security clearance was obtained for this position.

REFERENCES

- Available Upon Request –
*NOTE: Additional detailed working history, prior to 12/2001, can be made available upon request.
Contact this candidate