Itunuoluwa Otubu
929-***-**** advyfb@r.postjobfree.com Annapolis Rd, Phoenix apt, Bladensburg, MD 20710

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Highly experienced Cloud Infrastructure and DevOps engineer, dedicated to automation and result optimization. Understands and manages the space between operations and development to quickly deliver to clients. Has experience in supporting, automating, and optimizing mission critical deployments in AWS. Excel in utilizing a combination of system and application performance monitoring, automation load balancing solution to optimize performance, reduce downtime and maintain stable and efficient system.
SKILLS

●Python
●Ansible
●Cloud Formation
●AWS SSO with OKTA
●AWS Control Tower
●Helm
●Terraform
●Jira
●Docker
●SQL
●Kubernetes

EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engr (Contract)
Premier Impact Limited, February 2020 – February 2023

●Manages EKS cluster as an admin using RBAC and Kubernetes role and role binding to fine Grain access to the cluster.
●Used HELM to create stable charts, release and deploy applications TO EKS cluster.
●Setup CloudWatch inside the Data Dog to get inside an application running on the cluster.
● Built and deployed Microservices architecture projects using Docker.
●Utilized Terraform to automate the provisioning of Ubuntu Linux servers and Windows servers to an host E-commerce application.
●Troubleshoot and monitor both Linux and windows servers.
●Used Git for version control and GitHub for source code repository.
●Wrote python codes to trigger Lambda functions to start and stop ec2 instances at a specific time in lower environments.
●Utilized AWS Lambda and Config rule and Sns for auto remediation.
●Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi-factor authentication, access key rotation, role-based permissions, configured password policy, security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs.
●Optimized cost through reserved instances, selection and changing of Ec2 instance types based on resource need, S3 storage classes and S3 lifecycle policies, leveraging Autoscaling, etc
●Used System Manager to create Patch management, SSM parameter store to save valuable credentials.
●Enabled Waf for more protection of the infrastructure.
●Used Terraform to configure AWS Cloud-trail and AWS config to improve security audits.
●Built, deployed, and orchestrated containers using Docker and Kubernetes.
●Leveraged Auto scaling groups to right -size EC2 pools to match the level of demand and help manage cost by eliminating excess capacity to maintain optimal resource levels.
●Leveraged VPC peering with other accounts allowing access and routing to service and users of separate accounts to communicate.
●Utilized K8 for Microservices orchestration, management, and deployment.
●Developed CI/CD to standardize the infrastructure and automate the DevOps processes, to rapidly build, test and release codes with little or no errors.
●Provisioning secure environments for AWS VPC network, and implemented infrastructure as code using configuration management tools, implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins and monitor infrastructure.
● Participated in the Agile DevOps design, development, testing and release of new capabilities and features. proactively communicate and coordinate with multiple project teams.
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer (Contract)
CarMax, June 2019 -January 2020
●Managed provisioning of AWS infrastructures using cloud formation and terraform, frequently used Ymal, Json and Hcl to automate the provisioning of resources.
●Utilized service now for documentation and ticketing.
●Configured multi-account architecture with AWS organizations and Control Tower enabling governance at scale, used Guardrails to implement service control policy.
●Used Ansible and SSM for configuration management and orchestration best practices.
●Utilized EKS for Microservices orchestration, management, and deployment.
●Configured CloudWatch alarm rules for monitoring operational performance metrics for AWS resources and applications.
●Created Active directory, and AWS SSO with Okta to create and manage users based on job function and least privilege.
●Set up and manage networking components such as (VPC, Transit-gateway, VPC peering, subnets, Nat-gateway internet-gateway etc.)
●Used Nacls at all VPC levels and Security groups at all resource levels.
●Solid knowledge and understanding of software development life cycle.
●Participate in monitoring of cloud infrastructure and on-call rotations.

AWS Solutions Architect / IAM Specialist.
Exxon Mobil, May 2017 – June 2019

●Created Users and Managed security access reviews for privileged users with AWS Organization, SSO and OKTA.
●Accountable for ongoing support of applications in production and also infrastructure monitoring.
●Analyze and document issues by providing specific solutions.

● Utilized and security response workflow automation such as Jira and Slack.

●Set up a multi account architecture with AWS Organization, managed it with AWS Control Tower and implemented Both detective and preventive guard rails on each O.U.

●Participated in on-call rotations and monitoring by utilizing Node exporters to collect logs and Prometheus and Grafana to monitor.

●Managed Vulnerability with AWS Inspector by scanning through Images in ERC.

●Evaluating and improving existing AWS deployments.
● Defining and deploying monitoring metrics and logging systems on AWS.
● Automation of cloud infrastructure configuration and deployments using Cloud-Formation, Terraform and
Ansible.
● Provisioned secure environment for AWS VPC network and implementing infrastructure as code using configuration management tools.
● Optimized cost with Life cycle rules, Reserving and Scheduling instances and implemented AWS Organization.

●Design, develop and implement high availability, backup, and recovery strategy for the entire infrastructure.
●Designed a highly available and self-healing-based architecture by utilizing failover routing policy and Multi A-Z.
●Participated in the planning and designing of projects, solved problems, and created solutions.
●Improved design and development process by integrating new tools and technologies.
Accountable for the ongoing support of application systems in production including problem analysis, resolution, and escalation, and reporting as necessary.
Develop and test, working with business and system requirements
●

Certifications.
Aws solutions architect associate.

Education

Bachelor of science: mass communications,
National open university, Lagos, Nigeria, sep 2016
Contact this candidate