Thomas Libby
adw46u@r.postjobfree.com
+1-415-***-**** located in Boise, ID
https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomasplibby/

Successful Solutions Engineer and Solutions Architect in data analysis, access, migration, and storage. Exceptional customer-facing, solution driven and trusted consulting success implementing technical solutions with high detailed attention to documents and diagrams that help drive revenue and earn new business with excellent communication. Regularly follow market vendors to help with product feature ideas for P.M..

EXPERIENCE
Business Solutions Consultant, Data Scientist (freelance work)
Renewable Success 12/2022 – Present Boise, ID
●Lead different businesses in accomplishing goals in their use case at the data layer with cloud and hybrid environments keeping to their use case for the their target audience. This is in AWS & Azure plus much of Docker with Kubernetes environments.
●Regularly train businesses achieving their delivery of solutions with written deliverables.

Customer Solutions Engineer, Data Architect
Splunk 10/2021 - 09/30/2022 Boise, ID (Remote)
●Architect solutions for customers meeting all of their applications' monitoring deployment goals within their infrastructure complete with app user monitoring.
●Work directly with the top minds in the Observability space, and partner with engineering and product management team members to redefine how customers manage, monitor, and analyze their infrastructure, trace, and log data. I complete this with diagrams for AWS, GCP, Azure, and hybrid environments over Linux and Windows.
●Lead all aspects of the implementation, adoption, optimization, and integration of Splunk’s Observability solutions into the customers’ business architecture.
●Understand and facilitate to orchestrate all phases of the sales cycle, including leading POCs and other customer validation workshops with follow up.
●Comfortable working with customers to reinforce with them defining their future architectural road-map as a trusted advisor while maintaining relationships.
●Splunk Observability works with with app instrumentation and OTel on Linux and Windows hosts. This greatly aides in improving the client's infrastructure.

Lead Service Delivery Engineer/ Solutions Engineer
Appdome 07/2017–10/2021 Redwood City, CA
●Achieved maintaining great customer relationships for 90% renewals while expanding their solutions to fit more than all of their business needs over the cloud with their Linux and Windows stations & servers deployed with their model.
●Regularly achieve on-boarding new customers with effective training guidance with illustrations and promotion wording for the tasks. This was done with developers, engineers, managers, and IT at the client's businesses.
●Effectively validate needed new features with application servers for different teams using customers’ use cases through management of our lab.
●Deliver product demonstrations and technical presentations to prospects while engaging them with our products during POCs and trials effectively bringing in new customers 70% on all opportunities.
●Regularly collaborate and solve complex cases with product, engineering, and QA.

Sales Engineer, Implement Customers
Zimperium 03 / 2014 – 11 / 2016 San Francisco & Dallas in CA and TX
At Zimperium, I worked as a principal sales engineer that was directing the west United States sales engineering and guided with client solutions engineer work with customers.
●Achieved assisting 2 of the top 5 earning Account Executives as their only Sales Engineer.
●Accomplished all difficult performance goals through leading the team of 4 different Sales Engineers, provided product feedback to the product team, greatly supported Customer Success with on-boarding new customers, & encouraged 2 of the top company Sales Representatives and many Resellers.
●Gained excellent large customers for Zimperium in Telstra, Facebook, Equifax, and Westpac among others.
●Led team of 5 Sales Engineers and greatly guided all of them.
Systems Administrator / Network Engineer

SecureNet Services INC. 04 / 2012 – 03 / 2014
●Administered and implemented servers and firewalls on Linux primarily and some on Windows between five long term clients and some short term project opportunities with other clients in VOIP, edge gateway security, QOS, and more.

Head Help Desk Technician
San Francisco State University Property Management 01 / 2008 – 04 / 2012
●Setup a PacketFence firewall with IP tables and a web server on Red Hat Linux. I also helped employees and students with their workstations and accessing data on the San Francisco State University data infrastructure.

EDUCATION
San Francisco State University
Bachelor of Sciences in Business Administration: Information Systems in 2012

TECHNOLOGIES .
Virtualization and Application Virtualization: VMware, Hyper-V, & Citrix XenApp.
Web Application Security: Metasploit and Python with HTTP proxy.
Intrusion Detection: Security Onion, Observability, and zIPS (Zimperium).
DevOps Tools: Guiding app builds over CURL and Postman through API commands.
Security Tools: Binary Code Management, F5 Anti-Bot, Bettercap, NMAP, and Splunk.
Containerized/Cloud Solutions: AWS, Kubernetes, Azure, Akamai Linode & GitHub.
Operating Systems: Mac OSX, Kali Linux, Ubuntu, Red Hat, Chrome OS, Debian, Windows.
Enterprise Mobility Management: Microsoft Intune, Citrix Workspace, Workspace ONE/AirWatch, BlackBerry UEM, MobileIron, and IBM Maas360.
Identity Management Solutions: Okta Identity, F5 Access Policy Manager, ADFS, & LDAP.
Contact this candidate