PRERAK C. SHAH
adwd7i@r.postjobfree.com:adwd7i@r.postjobfree.com 646-***-****

https://www.linkedin.com/in/prerakcshah/

Professional Summary
Highly focused, result driven motivated professional solution architect with 17+ years of experience in designing innovative business solutions for Insurance and financial domains. Skilled in cloud computing, information management, application development, and virtualization. Have unique blend of work experience for migrating the existing systems to cloud platform like Azure, designing the scalable solutions using micro services and restful APIs. Experienced with resource management, reporting and governance, with strong communication skills across all levels of stakeholders. Proven mentor and training with expertise in complex cross system integration, conflicting priority management and multi-geography delivery models.

Education:
Master of computer Applications, Sardar Patel University, India. 2002-2004
Bachelor of Computer Applications, Sardar Patel University, India. 1999-2002

Certifications:
•Microsoft Certified – Azure Solutions Architect Expert
•AWS Certified - Cloud Practitioner
•MCP (Microsoft Certified Programmer)
•Brain Bench Certified Professional
•Agile program development

Professional Experience:

Capgemini November 2016 – Till Date

Relevant Experience:

CHUBB – NJ Solutions Architect Nov 2018 – Present
Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded P&C insurance company and the leading commercial lines insurer in the U.S. With operations in 54 countries and territories.
Analyze and define clients’ business strategy and determine system architecture requirements to achieve business goals.
Gather detailed business requirements and use cases, translate technical specifications into product requirements and internal documents.
Create team strategies and establish project scopes of work, communicate project deliverable timeframes and benchmarks to clients.
Develop data architecture design to facilitate targeted customer analysis.
Write and implement new cloud migration resource provisioning, and security standards.
Assisted teams in troubleshooting issues during cloud migrations in Hybrid model to implement secure commutations between on-prem and cloud environments.
Designed and implemented new cloud architecture solutions for clients, reducing customer churn by 30%
Work with developers to streamline the development process and reduce production time
Simultaneously managed 6 migration Pods (30 people), Kept team on schedule with waterfall and agile methodology

Willis Towers Watson (WTW) Technical Architect June 2017 – Nov 2018
Willis Towers Watson (WTW) combines expertise in investment and a leading provider of retirement consulting and actuarial services to help organizations develop retirement programs that meet their workforce needs.
Provided technical consultations for clients to identify technology needs, costs and plans to implement tech tools.
Created written reports and charts to show the company's need for technological upgrades
saving companies an average of 15% on each project

Selective Insurance Solution Architect November 2016 – June 2017
Selective Insurance commercial insurance and have their existence in 23 states of US. GEO Expansion is a project to expand their foot print in AZ and NH states
Led team to plan, design, and implement applications and software.
Collaborated with business analysts, developers, and technical support teams to define project requirements and specifications.
Designed, developed, and managed web-based applications, databases, network accounts, and programs.
Launched complex recovery solutions to safeguard mission-critical data.

Prior Experience:

Morgan Stanley, NY
Project Lead
Sep 2009 – Nov 2016
MSQuare Systems, NJ
Tech Lead
Jan 2009 – Apr 2010
Xpanxion International PVT. Ltd.
System Analyst
Apr 2007 – Dec 2008
Cybage Software Pvt Ltd
Sr. Software Eng.
Jan 2006 – Apr 2007
Gateway Techno labs Pvt. Ltd.
Sr. Software Eng.
Mar 2005 – Jan 2006
Macro Tech Pvt. Ltd.
Software Eng.
Aug 2004 – Mar 2005

Skills

Architectural and Project Management
Technical Skills
Business process mapping
Azure / AWS cloud
Cloud architecture
IAAS, PAAS, Hybrid solutions
Cloud Security
Kay Vault, AAD,, ADB2C, Storage Account
Cloud Monitoring and Alerting
Apps Insights, Cloud Watch
Solutions Architecture
Traffic Manager, Front Door,
IT Project management
Web Apps, Web APIs, ASE, APIM
Technical Support
Azure Kubernetes ervices (AKS),
Technical Training
IMB MQ, Service Bus, Event Grid, Event hub
Critical thinking
Kafka, Radis Cache
Process Optimization
Dev-Ops, CI-CD, Jenkins, Dynaflo, Github
Client Relations
Function Apps, Logic Apps,
Business Solutions
C#, .Net Core, Type Scripts,
Performance Testing Analysis
VSCode, Visual Studio, Visio, Web UML, Excel,
Presentation, Time Management
Jira, clarity, Power Point, MS Word
Database Solutions
Azure SQL, Data Lake, Data Factory
Requirements Analysis
Contact this candidate