Mouli Pedalanka
Phone: +1-519-***-****
Email: adwrsm@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
●AWS Solutions Architect Associate with 5 years of experience as a DevOps Engineer responsible of delivering products faster using CI/CD pipeline.
●A year of experience in Information Technology, with specializing in Application Development, Software Programming, Unit Testing on Client/Server, and Web based applications, Automating Oracle Administration tasks.
●Experience in AWS Cloud technologies for achieving a highly available, fault tolerant infrastructure.
●Good Experience in Software Development Life Cycle.
●Experience in setting up system monitoring infrastructure through node metrics with tools like Grafana, Prometheus.
●Direct involvement with architecture and development of new capabilities and structures to a high availability environment.
●Gained Production support and SRE experience supporting client facing prime brokerage application.
●Fair Exposure in checking application logs in Splunk to find the root cause on connectivity issues.
●Plan and enablement of performance testing on systems and applications. Create analysis report to guide and modeling the capabilities required.
●Delivery systems that at same time have a great performance and promote ways of monitoring and collect system health, generating business data, graphs etc.
●Slashed the AWS costs of the team based on the best practices provided by AWS and 3rd party tools.
●Deployed and maintain the CI/CD platform: Jenkins, SonarQube, BitBucket
●Deployed and support multiple messages bus platforms: AmazonMQ (ActiveMQ), RabbitMQ and SNS/SQS.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Domain
Technologies
Years of Experience
Cloud Technologies
AWS – EC2, VPC, S3, RDS, Lamda, ELB, Autoscaling
3+
IAAC Tools
Terraform, CloudFormation
4+
Container
Technologies
Kubernetes, Docker, ECS, EKS, GKE, AKS
4+
Provisioning Tools
Puppet, Ansible
4+
CI/CD Tools
Azure DevOps, Jenkins X, GITHUB Actions, Helm, Bamboo,
Circle-CI, Agro CD, Spinnaker, Flux
4+
Operating Systems
Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu, Windows
4+
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Zabbix, DataDog, SumoLogic, Prometheus, Grafana,
Dynatrace, New Relic, PRTG
4+
Scripting Languages
Python, SQL, Bash, Java, YAML
4+
Log Management
Elastic Kibana (ELK), Splunk
4+
Networking
TCP/IP, DNS
4+
App Servers
Apache Tomcat, Node js, WebSphere, Jboss, WebLogic
4 +
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall, Jira, Confluence
4+
Source control tools
GitLab Version Control, GitHub
3+
Database
Oracle, MySQL
3+

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
NTT DATA February 2022 to Present
Halifax, Nova Scotia
Cloud DevOps Engineer

●Managing day to day activity of the cloud environment, supporting development team with their requirements based on Scrum schedules.
●Remote login to Virtual Machines to troubleshoot, monitor, and deploy applications.
●Implemented build stage- to build the microservice and push the docker container image to the private docker registry.
●Successfully implemented backup for Elasticsearch to AWS s3 bucket and re-created the Elasticsearch cluster in development.
●Containers Orchestration using Kubernetes & EKS.
●Experience with deploying and maintaining applications in docker containers.
●Managed Jenkins build server with 4 main subsystems, responsible for compiling and deploying company product.
●Created deployment pipelines thereby minimizing manual errors and reducing the deployment process time.
●Created custom Helm charts for services and applications and Kanban board for Service now Tickets.
●Successfully implemented the proof of concept for Docker containerization and implemented the same for a customer facing application.
●Utilized AWS Cloud Formation to create cloud stacks and used Cloud Watch to create monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts.
●Established a build schedule, executed the builds, and performed troubleshooting of build failures, through collaboration with Development Team Leads and Testing Teams.
●Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant, auto scaling Kubernetes AWS infrastructure and microservice container orchestration.

Environment: Agile, Microsoft Office, TFS, MAVEN, JENKINS, GitHub, Kubernetes, Vagrant, Docker, AWS EC2, S3, Ansible, Grafana, Prometheus

Tata Consultancy Services February 2016 – Dec 2019
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
DevOps Engineer

●Configured Elastic Load Balancers (ELB) with EC2 Auto scaling groups. Created monitors, alarms, and notifications for EC2 hosts using CloudWatch Functions
●Creating Security groups for both individual instances and for groups of instances under a network.
●Created S3 buckets and managed policies and utilized S3 bucket and glacier for storage and backup on AWS.
●Deployed, managed, and operated scalable and highly available fault-tolerant systems on AWS.
●Good experience with managing Docker and Docker files. Containerizing web applications from Linux server to Docker containers.
●Provided on-going support to the application based on DevOps methodology.
●Included security groups, network ACLs, Internet Gateways, and Elastic IPs to ensure a safe area for organization in AWS public cloud Infrastructure.
●Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins.
●Worked on creating the Docker containers, Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
●Scripting in order to interact between the business application and the servers.
●Created shell scripts to perform Oracle Grid Upgrades as per schedules.
●Developed and implemented JAVA applications into DEV, QA and PRE-PROD, provided day-to-day project SVN support, which included branching and merging in SVN to implement parallel development processes.
●Wrote cron jobs to compress, backup, and report logs.
●Implement CI/CD pipelines with Groovy scripts in Jenkins to deploy infrastructure code IAAS as well as application code in EKS (Kubernetes).
●Worked on Product Development for Oracle Database Administration activities following Agile Software Development process.
●Automation Processes using Shell/bash and Batch Scripts.

Environment: Agile, Microsoft Office, TFS, MAVEN, JENKINS, GitHub, Kubernetes, Vagrant, Docker, AWS EC2, S3, Ansible

EDUCATION:
PG diploma in data Analytics: St. Clair college, Windsor, ON, Canada Jan 2020 - May 2021
Bachelor’s in Engineering, Aditya Engineering College, Surampalem August 2011 - May 2015
Contact this candidate