SUNIL MADHUGIRI
Tampa, FL 863-***-**** adwtxr@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/sunilmadhugiri/

Solutions Architect

SUMMARY

A customer-focused Information Technology Global leader with over 15+ years of experience with extensive range of expertise including Solution Architect, IT Strategy. Project Management, Software development, Business Analysis, Business Intelligence, Database administration, Infrastructure, Manufacturing IT and IIOT. An Architect focused on leveraging technology to differentiate businesses and drive process excellence.

COMPETENCIES
• Technology Management/ Architecture • Strategic Planning
• Project Management • Leadership/Team Building
• Cross-functional Collaboration • Budget/Vendor Management

EXPERIENCE
Senior IT Manager
Joyson Safety Systems Inc., May 2018 to March 2023
Joyson Safety Systems is a global leader in mobility safety providing safety-critical components, systems, and technology to automotive and non-automotive markets with over 43,000 employees in 25 countries generating annual sales of about $5.0 billion.

Oversee diversified 70+ global MES, Lab Management System, Business Intelligence and Database administration teams in 63 plants leading culturally diversified technical teams. Supporting, monitoring, assessing, analyzing, and troubleshooting production critical applications.
Lead team of developers and implement Quality and Lab Information Management system across Americas region. Engineering module was deployed to Azure Application services using Azure pipeline.
Direct and help regional teams to align with Global IT planning, budgeting and strategies related to plant floor systems.
Providing technical guidance, counsel, and direction to teams to quickly resolve technical issues.
Evaluate new technologies in the market and vendors to reduce the operational expense.
Play an integral role in the development of IT strategic plans along with other leaders within the organization.
Establish goals for IT department employees, develop their competencies, and manage their performance on an ongoing basis.
Manage multiple projects, prepare impact analysis against scope, schedules, and budget. Effectively manage and work with stakeholders on Organizational Change Management to implement changes.
Administer the $5 million CAPEX budget, $3.2M staffing budget and $3M OPEX budget.
Planned and executed IIOT proof of value using AWS and Azure IOT platform as part of IIOT evaluation initiative to showcase the capability of IOT platforms to executives. Leading the Industry 4.0 initiative to connect all the 63 plants and their production floor equipment.
Played an advisory role in evaluation three ERP systems and selecting right implementation partners. Global Technical enablement Manufacturing/Quality/Maintenance/Infrastructure process owner in SAP S4/HANA implementation team.
Designed and supported the global MES team to develop/execute/support the SAP-MES interface using web services and avoided $250k spending on vendor engagement.
Introduced the MS Power platform to user community. Conducted a PoC to build a maintenance Power App to interface with SAP, which replaced the Fiori app and easy access to application on the shopfloor.
Collaborated with document control team and created Department of Justice recommended IT policies. Led a team to implement the DOJ IT recommendations within a span of 6 months to avoid a hefty fine.
Guided a global team to move IBM OpenPages application from on-prem to Azure Cloud platform.
Took an initiative to replace Test and Validation Excel based reports with Power BI, Power App and Power Automation. Coaching team to use Azure ADF for all the ETL process for daily sales, customer score card and Test & Validation reports.
Initiated the migration of the historical Traceability and ERP data to Azure Data Lake and using Azure Synapsis to analyze the data which eliminated $120k per year datacenter cost.
Designed and managed the development of Manufacturing KPI solution. developed using Angular, Node J, SQL Server, and Power BI. This provided real time insight to the plant operations.
Renegotiated the Global MES application support contracts for 3 years with 20% reduction in the cost.
Partnered with ITSM team in selecting and implementing Service Desk platform, which resulted in better managing Global IT services.
Influenced an infrastructure team in selecting the right SDWAN technology and implementation partner. Advised the vendors on Datacenter consolidation and outsourcing proposal.
Contributed to the establishment of offshore India COE Application development, SAP AMS, Business Intelligence and Database administration teams that lead to cost savings of $3M per year.

IT Manager – NA Operations/ Global Shop floor Systems
Key Safety Systems Inc., Nov 2012 to April 2018
Key Safety Systems (KSS) is a global leader in the design, development and manufacturing of automotive safety-critical components and systems including airbags, seatbelts, and steering wheels with over 35,000 employees in 13 countries generating annual sales of about $2.0 billion.
Managed a team of 25 diversified individuals in maintaining global Manufacturing Execution Systems and IT operations of North America manufacturing locations.
Directed technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and projects. Consult regularly with the executive committee and other senior management teams to discuss, evaluate and plan corporate-wide strategies and organizational initiatives.
Maintained staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and establish goals for IT department employees training employees, developing personal growth opportunities.
Led an international team to implement Manufacturing Execution Systems on 30 plus production lines across the enterprise.
Drove the standardization of the manufacturing plants IT infrastructure to reduce plant IT support overhead by 50%.
Co-ordinated efforts to replace Novell Network with Active Directory Services with budget of $3 million.
Directed Global team to develop a standard shop floor interface to QAD ERP system using web services. Managed the EAM rollout in 13 manufacturing sites.
Worked closely and managed activities of outsourcing partners. Developed and executed plan to insource the IT resources and assets from outsourcing partner.
Developed and administered a $3 million CAPEX budget, $700K staffing budget and $900K maintenance budget.

Sr. Software Development Advisor/ Project Manager
DELL Perot Systems Services Sept 2004 to Nov 2012
DELL Perot Systems was an information technology service was a Fortune 1000 corporation with offices in more than 25 countries, employed more than 23,000 people and had an annual revenue of $2.8 billion prior to its acquisition for $3.9 billion in 2009 by Dell, Inc. as Dell Services.

Accountable for developing project plans, manage changes and the delivery of projects within budget, schedule, quality, and corporate guidelines for both application development and IT projects. Acted as a liaison between development team and management
Provided technical expertise to application development team with respect to systems environments, databases, and issue resolution for various applications for different account teams.
Managed the design, development and successful implementation of database driven multi-threaded Traceability application for new production lines using .NET and OPC Technologies to replace the legacy application on many production lines. This application replaced ten computers on the production line saving $10,000 per production line.
Led a cross-functional Americas team to implement Manufacturing Execution Systems on 60 plus production lines across the enterprise.
Succeeded the design, development, and implementation of several Data Acquisition systems for Labs to protect the data by storing it in the database and Dashboards for plant floor which provided insights to plant operations.
Commanded a paperless transition of Electronic First Piece system to replace the manual process which improved the production process.
Oversaw the design, development, and implementation of 15 plus web applications to streamline Quality management process and reduced IT service tickets by 50%.
Supervised the Oracle 10g RAC installation and configuration project for China plants with a budget of $150,000.
Co-ordinated the server virtualization project to minimize number of back-office servers in five operation sites with budget of $500,000.
Received recognition for redefining business and technical processes that improved efficiency & overall quality while reducing cost and enhancing customer/business experience.
Assisted the Project Management Office in resource leveling, team building, resource forecasting, budget management, project scoping, customer relationships and process improvement.

EDUCATION
University of South Florida, Tampa, USA
Master of Business Administration

Project Management Institute (PMI), USA
Certified Project Management Professional

Mysore University, Hassan, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Electronics & Communication Engineering

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: C#, C, C++, Java, PL/SQL, Pro*C, Shell Programming, Node #J
GUI:VB6.0,VC++6.0, Visual C#.NET 2005/2008/2010/2017/2019, VB .NET 2005/2008/2010/2017/2019, .Net Core
Databases: Oracle 11g/12c, SQL Server, Sybase 10.0
Web: XML, Java Script, VB Script, ASP.NET, IIS, Angular 8.0
Tools: QA Partner, ER Win, TOAD, MSMS
Protocols: TCP/IP, TAP, TNPP, SNPP, SNMP, FTP, SMTP, RS232, RS485, Web Service (SOAP, RESTful)
Hardware: Sun Sparc WorkStation, Digital UNIX Server, Dell Power Edge Server, Allen Bradley PLC
Source Control: Source Safe, Teams Foundation, GitHub, GitLab, Azure DevOps services
ERP: SAP S4/HANA, QAD EE
Control System: Visual Logic Controller 6.0, CITECT 5.4, Rockwell products, RS Linxs, RS Logix
Reporting &Analytics: SAP Webi, Crystal Reports.NET, SSRS, R Tool, Power BI, SAC, AWS Quick Site
Azure: IOT, Data Factory, App Services, SQL Services, Containers
AWS: Lambda, Glue, Athena
PM: MS Projects, JIRA
Others: Cognex Vision Software, IPL Language, OPC (Kepware, RSLinx OPC, Indus), Power App & Power Automation, SharePoint, Visio
Contact this candidate