Murielle Maixent
Cloud Architect
I have * plus year of comprehensive experience in the IT industry particularly as an AWS Solutions Architect. I have an in-depth knowledge on various AWS Services including EC2, VPC (NAT, VPN, IAM, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, S3, Cloud Front, RDS, DynamoDB, Elastic Cache, Route 53, cloud watch, Cloud Formation, SNS, SQS, Lambda etc., I have strong aptitude to analyze and resolve problems. I'm Proactive with Good Leadership, organizational and Management skills and i have some experience with database platform,hubspot and marctech. I also have some experience in,htlm CSs and Javascript, Work History
AWS Cloud Engineer 2019-02 -Current
Apple Inc. Austin, TX
Designed, configured and deployed Amazon Web
Services (AWS) for applications utilizing the AWS stack
(Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, SQS, IAM)
Cost and performance monitoring of resources and applications using AWS Cloud Watch and configured
notifications for the alarms generated based on events defined.
Plan, build and configure network infrastructure within VPC with public and private subnets, configure routing tables, security group and internet gateway.
Created low latency static website using S3, Cloud Front, and Route53.
Created and managed users, permissions, directories and files in Linux environment.
Worked with NoSQL databases such as DynamoDB on
AWS. Configured inbound rules and outbound rules in the AWS security groups
AWS Cloud Architect 2015-11 -2019-02
Apple Austin, TX
Designed multi-tier architecture to setup infrastructure in AWS for web server, DB server, load balancers & Route53
Designed fault tolerant, scalable and robust architecture after collecting the requirements from the stakeholders.
Created user accounts, policies and roles on Amazon Web Services using IAM.
Migrated data from on-premise SQL Server to AWS RDS Contact
Address
Houston, Texas 77532
Phone
912-***-****
E-mail
adx0ry@r.postjobfree.com
Skills
Amazon Web Services
Agile
Python
Linux
Project Management
DevOps
Jenkins
Terraform
Certifications
AWS Solutions Architect –
Associate
using Data migration service
Created a lambda function to read the logs from Code Build and ingest logs in Log DNA tool
Created YAML template to spin the infrastructure (VPC, EC2, RDS, Security Groups) using AWS CloudFormation
Identify access issues and assign required policies to IAM users and roles.
Created S3 bucket policy to enable cross account bucket access and generated JSON policies using policy generator tool.

Education
2019 09- 2020-01
AWS Architect
Associate Certificate
Amazon Web (online)
2007-10 - 2010-10
Bachelor: Commercial
Marketing
ISG - Abidjan
Ivory Coast -Nevers
(France)
2005-07 - 2007-07
Associate Of Applied
Science: Commercial
Marketing
Agitel Formation
- Abidjan, Ivory Coast
Languages
Fluent in english and
French
Contact this candidate