Derek Colanduno Roswell, GA 678-***-**** adx3ko@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profile

Sr. Software DevOps Architect
Software professional with an in-depth knowledge of architecture, agile methodologies, and principles.

Solutions-driven professional with a solid background in Information Technology, Data Management, Business Intelligence, and Solutions Architecture. Expertise in enterprise-level projects that deliver optimized data-heavy solutions. Proven ability to lead through team collaboration. Full-stack software professional and problem solver experienced in all phases of software development and lifecycle road mapping.

Solutions-Driven Professional: Worked with many clients to produce web solutions using modern frameworks such as Angular 1-6, React,

Cloud-Centric Projects: Project lead and architect on solutions based in part, or in whole on cloud-based platforms such as Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud.

DevOps and Automation: Developed CI/CD pipelines using services such as Git Enterprise, EKS, Lambda, EC2, S3, SonarQube, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform and many others.

Monitoring/Improvement: Instituted many monitoring and improvement focused dashboard type systems for enterprise level software installations using tools such as Azure Monitor, CloudWatch, Splunk, and Datadog.

Project Leadership/Management: Certified: Scrum Master, Primavera P6, Six Sigma, and CPMP.

Business Intelligence and Analytics: Worked as lead architect to produce web-based solutions for data reporting from large and disparate database repositories. The data reporting dashboards which were created allowed the managers of state, city, and county systems to get easy-to-understand infographic style views of critical KPI data to make smarter decisions using modern libraries like React, Angular, etc.

Experience Delivering Technology Solutions

Contract Employment, Roswell, GA May 2020 – Present
SR. SYSTEMS ARCHITECT / TECHNICAL LEADER

HIIQ/Benefytt, Atlanta, GA Jan 2020 – Apr 2020
SR. DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER/ARCHITECT
Worked as a Sr. Web Designer/Architect using modern web technologies to produce solutions for the healthcare insurance industry.

Key member of executive management team, Directs the interpretation and application of human resources policies, programs, practices and procedures
consistently and appropriately throughout assigned locations

oLead developer for software projects, working with public-sector clients to develop technical solutions to assist clients with budgets, cost controls, and asset maintenance.

oUser data was maintained on Amazon Web Services databases with codebase running on AWS servers.

Brown and Caldwell Environmental Engineering, Atlanta, GA Apr 2000 – Jan 2020
SENIOR IT ARCHITECT / SOFTWARE PRODUCT LEAD
Was hired to assist in the development of the IT services division for the company. Hired or sourced IT development talent for local offices across the United States. Post 9/11 helped establish an internal group for delivering anti-terrorism services for states, cities, and large corporate clients. Was a lead in teams up to 20 developers spread across the world.

o Lead architect for software projects, working with public-sector clients to develop technical solutions which assist water/wastewater agencies with budgets, cost controls, and infrastructure maintenance.

o Lead architect on data analytics projects involving very large data sets containing millions of records for city/county and federal government analysis. Used tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Spotfire, IBIS, Alteryx, and Oracle Analytics Server.

o Worked with cloud-based enterprise systems such as Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud to provide modern IT solutions to large corporate and public-sector clients.

o Helped several clients to update, or fix/troubleshoot existing web systems which were using React, Angular, Vue, Golang, Python, and others.

o Designed SQL Database systems on Microsoft, Oracle, and MS Azure Cloud based database storage.

Centers for Disease Control / FBI, Atlanta, GA Jun 1996 – Jan 2000
LEAD APPLICATION DEVELOPER AND ENTERPRISE SYSTEM ARCHITECT
Lead project to develop IT systems which tracked and monitored potential national threats. Used big-data reporting and mining which incorporated voice and video recognition capabilities as well as financial and document control.
Key member of executive management team, Directs the interpretation and application of human resources policies, programs, practices and procedures
consistently and appropriately throughout assigned locations

oWorked directly with the FBI to outline requirements and create system needs and priorities for anti-terrorism and bio-terrorism tracking.
oManaged budget for server/development needs, researched cutting-edge solutions to enable video facial recognition and audio alignment for anti-terrorism intelligence archives.
oForged relationships with management level personnel in the US Federal government to create logic models for tracking potential threats based on gathered field data.
oUsed ArcGIS to interface with potential threats to map possible areas of harmful effects.
oInterfaced systems to gather medical data from hospitals and other medical clinics to identify potential terror-based infections.
oHead architect for the ’Health Alert Network’, (HAN), which tied emergency service agencies to receive critical alerts in case of active terrorist health threats.
oWorked as lead developer on data systems which gathered purchasing and financial data to find/spot anomalies which may indicate terrorist activity.

Education

Computer Science – Mathematics, University Nevada Las Vegas,
Completed three years with a 3.1 GPA, while building an IT Development company during the inception of the Internet. Degree not completed due to the amount of computer and Internet system development work which flooded into my business.

PMP, PMI Risk Assessment Methodology Certified, DARPA/EPA
AWWA Utility Risk & Resilience Certificate, AWWA
Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Associate, Microsoft
Scrum Master Certified, CourseAlliance SCRUMStudy

Team Building/Relationship Experience
Dragon Con Inc., Atlanta, GA
DIRECTOR – SCIENTIFIC SKEPTICISM
Currently, one of the main Directors for the world’s largest Culture Convention, Dragon Con, which takes place each Labor Day weekend in downtown Atlanta, GA. http://www.dragoncon.org/
Management of team to help run the convention events from Thursday through Monday evening. Involves scheduling over 60 hours of programming, developing marketing, audio, video, and sourcing well-known experts to give talks and/or participate on discussion panels. Helped the convention more than triple in growth since 2005.

Web Links
Personal Website: http://www.colanduno.com/
Wikipedia Entry: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Colanduno

References
Mykel Alvis – IT Consultant/Expert - adx3ko@r.postjobfree.com [ 205-***-**** ]
Nicholas Eftimaides – Ex-CIA Intelligence Officer – adx3ko@r.postjobfree.com [ 301-***-**** ]
Mark Distler – Owner, Media Production/Marketing House – adx3ko@r.postjobfree.com [ 678-***-**** ]

Fiserv, Atlanta, GA Jul 2022– May 2023
CONTRACT - SR. SYSTEMS ARCHITECT
Role was a Sr. Lead Systems/Software Architect for large-scale enterprise financial software solutions. Role involved working with long standing banking software leaders to bring their systems into modern, Azure or AWS cloud offerings. Leader in a team of 8.

Jack Henry and Associates, Atlanta, GA Jul 2021– Mar 2022
CONTRACT - SR. SOFTWARE ARCHITECT
Worked as a system architect and engineer for a large Mortgage Investment system which interfaced with FannieMae/FreddieMac for banking loan administrators to research and gathers information and status updates for research into the mortgage and loan trading, buying, and selling marketplace. Leader in a team of 6.

Pace-O-Matic, Atlanta, GA Apr 2021– Jun 2021
CONTRACT - SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Worked as a system architect and engineer for skill-based video game company on backend financial and asset management systems to track field machines and gather revenue.

Improving Atlanta, Atlanta, GA Nov 2020 – Mar 2021
CONTRACT - SR. CONSULTANT - ENGINEER/ARCHITECT
Worked as a Sr. Web Designer/Architect consultant to help produce cloud-based systems using Microsoft Azure in a full DevOps environment.
Contact this candidate