Collince TAKAM NDE
Email: adx4f1@r.postjobfree.com Tel.: 281-***-**** Katy Texas
SUMMARY
Highly capable Enterprise Architect with rich experience in a broad range of Cloud Computing and industries. Bringing 10+ Years in the IT industry and 6+ Years of Hands-on experience in AWS. As a motivated self-starter who is highly collaborative and effective at building camaraderie and gaining consensus across business units. Extremely competent communicator with exceptional soft skills and excellent customer facing presentation.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Having Very good hands on experience in EC2, S3, IAM, VPC, SES, SNS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto Scaling, EFS, RDS, CloudFront, VPC Flow logs, and Route53.
● Well versed with respect to EC2s like Launching Windows and Linux machines and all five types of EBS (Elastic Block store) volumes.
● Launched all three kinds of load balancers and attached to web servers and extensively usedAuto scaling to provide high availability to EC2 machines.
● Good awareness in ACLs (access control lists), Bucket policies, and Transfer acceleration.
● Hands on experience in IAM roles to access AWS resources without credentials & enabling MFA
(multi factor authentication).
● Having complete hands-on experience in Route53 like purchasing domain names from AWS also from other sites & creating Record sets to provide alias names for load balancers DNS names.
● Well versed in creating all the five routing policies and specially configured health checks for failover routing policy.
● Having complete hands-on experience in creating and managing VPC.
● Extensively used SNS (Simple Notification Service) at auto scaling as well as Route53 level to get notifications in server failures as well as VPC failures.
● Configured Cloud Watch to monitor AWS resources, to get alarm alerts, to maintain high availability and to reduce downtime.
● Played a key role in automating the deployments on AWS using Gitlab, GitHub, Terraform. Expertized in using JIRA software with Jenkins and GitHub for real time bug tracking and issue management.
● Expertized in implementing Agile and SDLC Software Development Life Cycle methodologies.
● Managed GitHub, Bitbucket repositories and permissions, including branching and tagging.
● Highly motivated and committed Cloud and DevOps Engineer experienced in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AWS.
● Helped individual teams to set up their repositories in bitbucket and maintain their code and help them setting up jobs which can make use of CI/CD environments.
● Experience in development of utilities using Shell scripting to automate deployment processes.
● Experience in software build tools like Apache Maven and to write Pom.xml and Build.xml respectively using build plugins in maven.
EXPERIENCE
360 Technology Hub Houston TX 03/2018 – Present
AWS Solutions Architect DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Worked with internal teams to create the migration process of legacy systems to the AWS Cloud.
● Worked with the Security division to design and manage IAM roles for users, vendors and other third party vendors such as (Azure AD, OKTA,).
● Hands on experience with AWS CLI interface and designing Scalable AWS solutions.
● Actively manage the day to day AWS accounts, make recommendations on how best to support our global infrastructure.
● Created AMIs and Volumes and used them for attaching, detaching, creating own AMIs for replication of the same environment in same/different Availability Zones as well as same/different regions.
● Worked on EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) like Launch an EC2 Instance, use of: Git Bash, putty, and Mobaxterm, Security Groups, Upgrading EBS Volume Types, Load Balancers and Health Checks, Cloud Watch EC2, Auto scaling Groups, AWS Command Line and EC2, Using IAM Roles with EC2.
● Work with internal teams to create the migration process of legacy systems to the AWS cloud.
● Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the solution architect community.
● Passionate about AWS and moving a company to the cloud.
● Encrypted volumes to provide security from unauthorized access and misuse of data and provide protection from accidental deletion of machines.
● Hands-on experience in creating Snapshots to take back up copies of our EBS volumes.
● Worked on SNS, Create a Billing Alarm, Consolidated Billing, AWS Organizations Lab, Resource Groups & Tagging, VPC Peering, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Formation, AWS Trusted Advisor, Elasticity and Scalability concepts.
● S3 CLI & Regions, Using Bootstrap Scripts, EC2 Instance Metadata and Elastic File System.
● Enabled CRR (Cross Region Replication) to replicate data to other buckets which are present in different regions.
● Enabled versioning on some important data to provide security from accidental deletion and to roll back to the previous version.
● Complete hands on experience on VPC, Public subnets & private subnets, DifferenceBetween Default & Custom VPC, Introduction to Gateways, Understanding Route tables & Subnets, Build Your Own Custom VPC, Network Address Translation (NAT), Access Control Lists (ACLs), Custom VPCs and ELBs, VPC Flow Logs, NATs vs. Bastions and VPC Endpoints.
● Good understanding in dealing with NACLs (Network Access control Lists) and Security Groups to restrict and allow ports to provide security at subnet level and instance level respectively.
● Worked on SNS, Create a Billing Alarm, Consolidated Billing, AWS Organizations Lab, Resource Groups & Tagging, VPC Peering, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud Formation, AWS Trusted Advisor, Elasticity and Scalability concepts.
● Worked on Databases like Create RDS Instance, RDS - Backups, Multi-AZ & Read Replicas, DynamoDB and Amazon Aurora.
Shell Houston TX 02/2015 - 03/2018
Cloud Application Engineer Cloud Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Administer and Maintain Source Code Repositories including GIT and Subversion.
● Setup Continuous integration with Jenkins and make use of a wide range of plugins available to set up smooth developer friendly workflows.
● Support concurrent development process with standard Branching and Merge of application source code in Gitlab.
● Created and maintained several build definitions and published profiles to handle automated builds in an Agile / SCRUM environment.
● Used Bash and Python Scripts to automate workflow and written cron jobs. Administration and Support for App Servers on IIS and Web sphere. Administration and Support for AppServers on IIS and Web sphere.
● Setup full CI/CD pipelines so that each commit a developer makes will go through standard process of software lifecycle and gets tested well enough before it can make it to the production.
● Responsible for design, configure and maintenance of GitLab, STASH repos.
● Worked in all areas of Jenkins setting up CI for new branches, build automation, plugin management and securing Jenkins and setting up master/slave configurations.
● Completed set up of CD environment with focus on UrbanCode Deploy.
● Set up Deploy server along with automated scripts to back up the server and restore from backup for Disaster recovery.
● Developed strategies, and contracts for validation of deployments and automated rollbacks in Deploy.
● Have built Docker images and written Docker files which can be used to automate all developer tasks.
● Designed and implemented fully automated server build, management, monitoring and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins Nodes/Agent, Chef,
● Built and managed a large deployment of Ubuntu Linux instances systems with Chef Automation. Wrote recipes, tools, shell scripts, and monitoring checks.
● Build and release of Cloud based products containing Linux and Windows environments, using PowerShell.
● Designed and implemented automation deployment using urban code and Cruise to promote major releases, monthly releases, and patches from Development -> Integration/QA -> Staging/UAT -> Production. Leveraging project specific knowledge from developers, resolved code conflicts during merges and provided insight as needed.
● Updated bugs and user stories in ALM tool to reflect deployment information when pushing / releasing code, collating them with other information into release notes. ENVIRONMENTS
Jenkins, Bamboo, GitHub, GitLab, Subversion, Bit bucket,, Rally, Jira, Ant, Maven, Artifactory, Nexus, Splunk, Power shell, Bash scripting, databases, MySQL, SQL Server, Apache, Tomcat. AES-SONEL Douala - CAMEROON 01/2013 - 01/2015
Jr. DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Good experience at automating the release process of products using Shell scripts with tools like Apache, Ant, Maven, and MSBuild. Used various defect tracking tools - JIRA, Fisheye, Sonar.
● Setting up the automation environment for the Application team if necessary, and helping them through the process of build and release.
● Maintaining and triaging issues experienced in a non prod, prod environment.
● Using Bash and Python, to manage the environments.
● Manage legacy Linux machines hosting Legacy apps.
● Delegating the Production Deployment process to IPS Team and monitoring the production rollouts and validation process.
● Participated in the Teller Software management for RETAIL BANK Teams.
● Managed and deployed third party software in Teller machines throught out the Country.
● Managed Teller machines labs in the confidential environment.
● Participated in Quality Control and Bug fix calls.
● Managed AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform. Used Terraform scripts to Automate Instances for Manual Instances that were launched before.
● Extensively involved in infrastructure as code, execution plans, resource graph and change automation using Terraform.
● Created Docker file for each micro service and changed some of the tomcat configuration file which are required to deploy Java based applications to the Docker container.
● Developed environments of different applications on AWS by provisioning on EC2 instances using Docker, Bash and Terraform.
● Researched and implemented code coverage and unit test plugins with Maven/Jenkins.
● Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
EDUCATION
School: University of Yaounde 1
Degree: Bachelor degree in Mathematics and information Technology Year: 2010
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION
AWS Certification AWS Certified Solutions Architect-Associate Cloud Native Computing Foundation Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) HashiCorp Certification HashiCorp Certified Terraform Associate (002)
Contact this candidate