DAVID GRAN
Mobile: +1-563-***-****
adyhkt@r.postjobfree.com
Skill Summary
AWS Web Services (ECS, EC2, CW, RDS, MSK, S3, Redshift, ELK, SNS, EC Redis, etc.), Ansible, BASH/ Python, Apache/Nginx, Centos/RHEL linux, TCP/IP, Systems Sizing/Architecture, Performance, Github/Gitlab Education
BS – Iowa State University, Ames, IA
Certifications
AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate, Project Management Professional (expired), Cisco Certified Network Associate (expired)

Professional Overview
Sweet Pea Farms, LLC
2022 - Present

AWS Solutions Architect
Architecting and deploying AWS based web marketing / selling, payroll, purchasing, crop cycle data analytics, and other agribusiness related software solutions for a small direct to consumer farm. Solutions involve the use of AWS EC2, RDS, SG, Lambda, S3, EC Redis, Cloudwatch, SNS, and Python Django.

Cisco Systems, Inc. ( through BayOne Solutions)
2021 - 2022

Cloud Engineer
Member of a team responsible for the support and deployment of various types of nosql and sql persistence tools in the cloud and on-premises DCs. E.g., Redis, AWS ElastiCache for Redis, Couchbase, Postgresql, etc. used as part of the Webex service in the commercial and U.S. Government service offerings.
Wrote tools for Configuration Management (Ansible and Python).

Denali Advanced Integration
2020 – 2021

Senior Systems Engineer
Provided Solutions Architecture input for the AWS environment for Senior T Mobile stakeholders in an effort to fix flaws in the inherited design. At times, solely responsible for the operational support of 3 AWS VPC datacenters that control mobile internet gateway devices for T Mobile. Wrote Ansible playbooks for automating deployments and updates for ruby/rails web services, system updates, etc.
Created CloudWatch Alarms and Configurations for logging using native cloudwatch functionality and the CWAgent.
Configured, and where necessary, managed AWS Services such as RDS, MSK, Redshift, and Elasticsearch and network and application load balancers.
SAP Concur
2015 – 2020

Senior DevOps Engineer
Member of a team responsible for deploying and supporting infrastructure for file movement within Concur’s expense processing environment.
Deployed Concur software on new AWS datacenter in China using EC2, ELB, SGs, etc. Wrote Python utilities for parsing logfile data into json output for indexing in ElasticSearch and later replace this solution with rsyslog.conf changes. Developed automated deployment of applications and management of configurations using Ansible.

Cisco Systems, Inc. (through Randstad Technical)
2014-2015

Senior Consulting Engineer
Member of a team responsible for deploying and supporting Cisco’s femtocell solution to AT&T Wireless in Redmond, WA and nationwide.
Wrote and executed MOPs and Test Plans in Lab and Production environments. Developed an OpenLDAP Directory for supporting test lab authentication.

VMware, Inc. (through acquisition of Zimbra by Yahoo! In 2008 and VMWare in 201*-****-****

Consulting Systems Architect - Zimbra Professional Services Group Developed email solution architectures that included linux servers, SAN and NAS storage architecture
(capacity and performance), network architecture, disaster recovery, and virtualization for highly scalable and write intensive email service solutions. Some of these scaled up to 20 million accounts and contained 0.5 petabytes of messages and metadata. Championed the use of Virtualization and led large scale initiatives to architect, document and deploy the Zimbra Collaboration Suite on site.
Led proof of concept, performance, and functional testing of Zimbra Deployments. Supported sales efforts with subject matter expertise and architectural proposals. Wrote perl scripts for the migration of email messages and accounts from legacy solutions to Zimbra.

AOL, LLC
2006-2007

Senior Network Engineer – Mobile Messaging
Drove new service rollouts of mobile AOL Email and mobile Instant Messenger product variants. Leveraged technical knowledge base as tier 3 subject matter expert. Spearheaded end-to-end testing of LINUX services, including SMPP protocol testing, WAP, VPN, SMSC, and SMTP.

Openwave Systems
1999-2006

Consulting Architect – Openwave Systems Professional Services Architected and deployed emails services, WAP Gateways, and multimedia and wireless messaging for the nation’s top telecommunications and broadband Internet service providers. Designed backup and recovery architecture utilizing EMC BCVs, High Availability (HA) architecture utilizing EMC SAN storage solutions, and failover testing with Veritas Cluster Server. Authored numerous customer consumable documents that included detailed system architecture documents, test plans, and backup and recovery architecture.
Contact this candidate