Rakesh Goud Sivagouni
Email: adzikb@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: +1-503-***-****
SUMMARY
●Versatile Solutions Architect/Cloud/DevOps Engineer with 10+ years of cross-functional leadership in implementing, validating, and deploying large complex systems. Exceptional knowledge of the Cloud. Well-versed in large-scale implementations, migrations, and data storage solutions.
●Responsible for infrastructure, System automation including CD (Continuous Deployment) and CI (Continuous Integration) using Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Jenkins, Code Commit and Code Star for cost optimization and scalability of systems hosted mainly on the Cloud.
●Implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture and automated the deployment of applications, system configuration, and security settings in an AWS cloud-based environment while implementing integration, updates, and fixes.
●Assist with implementing Cloud, security, and network solutions from start to finish, including initial scoping, architecture and documentation, implementation, zero-downtime migration, and ongoing management.
●Perform security and architecture assessments, produce reports, and assist with remediation as contracted for specific compliance requirements and industry best practices.
●Managed deployments to Perform various development activities for DevOps practices for the project, including continuous integration, delivery, testing, and monitoring.
●worked closely and collaborated with development, infrastructure, security, and operations teams to ensure that DevOps processes were integrated into the organization's overall strategy.
●Implemented AWS architectural best practices and Maintained AWS Cloud Infrastructure in Optimal Configuration from technical and budgetary perspectives.
●Incorporated best practice recommendations for Managing AWS accounts/IAM users/Roles, securing data using encryption keys/protecting data at rest/in transit, securing infrastructure using custom AMIs, VPC, Managing Security Monitoring, Alerting, Audit Trail, and Incident Response.
●Developed logical and physical designs for data solutions, including the design, build and implementation/extension of the application databases.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Cloud
AWS, GCP
Source Code
Git, GitHub
CI/CD
Jenkins, GitHub Action
Scripting
Shell, Python, Bash
Container Services
Docker, Kubernetes
Container Orchestration
EKS, GKE
IaC
Terraform, Ansible
Networking
VPC, Subnets, Firewall, TCP/IP, RDP, Routing Protocols, DNS, VPN, DHCP, SMTP, LDAP, NTP
Databases
AWS RDS, DynamoDB, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, No SQL
Operating Systems
Linux (RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu, Debian), Windows

CAREER OVERVIEW
Client: HP, USA (Wipro) May 2021 to Present
Role: Senior AWS Solution Architect
Roles & Responsibilities:
●Design and deliver technical solutions on cloud platforms, Resolving Challenges, leading implementations and developing creative solutions that meet project needs.
●Driving architecture and technical discussion to lead Security, Privacy, Compliance, Scalability, Performance, Agility, High Availability and DR Considerations.
●Communicating Application architecture to stakeholders and coordinating with existing domain architects in the formalization and adoption of its standards and procedures.
●Providing support in the areas of IT Strategy, Cloud Operating model and Infrastructure support including scenario design and flow Mapping.
●Working directly with senior technical and Business leaders to translate their Strategic requirements into Deliverables that are aligned with Architecture's future state.
●Developed and delivered configuration and deployment automation required for improving the functionality, availability, and manageability of Distributed Compute platform using Python configuration automation tools such as Cloud Formation, Terraform and Ansible.
●Developed infrastructure-as-code solutions using Terraform to automate the provisioning Kubernetes infrastructure and associated resources. Plan and execute Kubernetes version upgrades, patches, and maintenance tasks while minimizing impact on running workloads.
●Providing architectural guidance and Recommendations to promote successful client engagements by validating POCs, SOWs, New solutions and Architecture designs.
●Managing cloud Implementations, Upgrades, Migrations and Change Requests on client cloud environments.
●Work closely with the Solution Architect, Project team and External suppliers to produce Quality and cost-effective technical solutions to application requirements.
●Design, Architect and deploy cloud solutions that meet product and customer needs for scalability, reliability, performance & cost-effectiveness.
●Analyze, Architect, and develop new deployments, Mechanisms, and procedures for the high-availability environments in AWS.
●Designing end-to-end automation of infrastructure and continuous delivery of applications by integrating cloud formation scripts and terraform.
●Delivered solutions to improve Cloud Architecture and Deployment for AWS Private and Public Cloud.
●Writing code to automate and optimize the deployment of infrastructure and applications in a DevOps fashion.
●Working closely with customers to get to know their business and technical goals and challenges.
●Managing the relationship between an organization's technical demands and capacity to be pulled from the cloud.
●Implemented best practices for backups and disaster recovery of production systems in the cloud.
●Responsible for creating and managing client-facing documentation including implementation and planning artifacts for complex cloud engagements.

Technical Skills: Kubernetes, Terraform, Docker, Git, GitHub, Jenkins, AWS, EC2, Lambda, EC2 Image Builder, Elastic Beanstalk, ECR, ECS, EKS, S3, S3 Glacier, Storage Gateway, EFS, AWS Backup, AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery, RDS, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, VPC, Route 53, CloudFront, Direct Connect, API Gateway, AWS App Mesh, EMR, AWS Glue, Kinesis, Amazon Redshift, SNS, SQS, SWF, Step Functions, Amazon Appflow, AWS Auto Scaling, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, AWS Developer Tools, OpsWorks, AWS Organizations, IAM, IAM Identity Center, WAF & Shield, KMS, Certificate Manager, Python, PostgreSQL, SQL, RHEL, Ubuntu, Windows.

Client: Omulus Infotech Solutions PVT LTD, India Dec 2019 to April 2021
Role: Senior Cloud Solutions Architect
Roles & Responsibilities:
●Create and maintain the infrastructure which contains Policies, Architecture designs, Standard configurations, and other key information.
●Providing end-to-end solution architecture designs, Models and working with deployment and implementation teams in the full development lifecycle of the solutions.
●Worked with the product engineering team to ensure cloud and on-prem infrastructure designs and architecture followed security requirements and best practices.
●minimizing errors and configuring services across the cloud segment to support various Computing, Networking, and Storage solutions including deployment of container services.
●Implemented continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines for Kubernetes-based applications using GitLab CI/CD to automate the build, test, and deployment processes.
●Managed deployments to Perform various development activities for DevOps practices for the project, including continuous integration, delivery, testing, and monitoring.
●Design and maintain CI/CD pipelines, resulting in faster delivery and reduced time-to-market for software releases.
●Created and maintained Docker images for each version of installer, Docker repositories, while implementing CI/CD pipeline with Docker and Jenkins.
●Responsible for end-to-end architectural Design, Issues, Solutions considerations and applying industry best practices to create scalable and secure solutions with superior technical performance.
●Participated in all aspects of the software development life cycle for cloud solutions, including planning, Requirements, Development, Testing and Quality assurance.
●Worked closely with business leads and product owners to understand solution requirements and identify architectural patterns.
●Responsible for all architectural design, development and deployment of cost-effective and sustainable
●Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using CloudFormation to build staging and production environments.
●Build and configure virtual data center in Amazon Web Services cloud to support Enterprise Data Warehouse hosting including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Tables, and Elastic Load Balancer.
●Created NAT gateways and instances to allow communication from private instances to the internet through bastion hosts.
●Used security groups, Network ACLs, Internet Gateways and Route tables to ensure a secure zone for the organization in AWS public cloud.
●Created and configured load balancers and auto-scaling groups to distribute traffic and to have cost-efficient, fault-tolerant, and highly available environments.
●Experienced in creating RDS instances to serve data through servers for responding to requests.
●Created snapshots to take backups of volumes and images to store launch configurations of EC2 instances.
●Recommend AWS Best practices to customers and guide them to configure highly available and scalable applications.
●Responsible for server build, decommissioning, configuration, patching, and upgrades of OS and services.
●Responsible for Security vulnerability remediation to make sure client infrastructure is safe and secure.
●Provided advanced troubleshooting techniques and unique solutions for customers individual needs.

Technical Skills: Cloud Automation, Cloud Security, Cloud Applications, Kubernetes, Terraform, Docker, Jenkins IaaS, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, EC2, ECR, EKS, EKS, S3, KMS, Route 53, CloudFormation, CloudFront, VPC, Dynamo DB, AWS RDS, AWS Developer Tools, MySQL, PostgreSQL, ElastiCache, S3 Glacier, EFS, Docker, Kubernetes, Developer Tools, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, IAM, ECS, SES, SSO, AWS Backup, Lambda, ElastiCache, Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu, Windows, Python, SQL.

Client: Digitivy, India Nov 2017 to Nov 2019
Role: Cloud Solutions Architect
Roles & Responsibilities:
●Designed high availability and business continuity using self-healing-based architectures, Failover routing policies, multi-region deployment of compute instances, ELB health checks, Auto scaling and other disaster recovery models.
●Implemented Infrastructure as Code (IaC) methodologies to create and manage cloud infrastructure, improving scalability and ensuring consistency across environments.
●Understanding customers' needs, backgrounds, and organizational dynamics, and providing solutions that add value to their business.
●Implemented containerization technologies like Kubernetes and Docker to facilitate application deployment and scaling with ease.
●Utilize automation tools like Terraform, GitLab CI/CD, Docker, and Kubernetes to streamline the software development process, reducing manual errors and improving overall system reliability.
●Responsible for the configuration and set-up of backups as well as the setup of automated patching for Windows and Linux platforms.
●collaborate with IT, Data architecture, Cloud engineering and DevOps teams to ensure architecture standards are adopted and followed.
●Create and maintain infrastructure as code for the deployment and maintenance of all cloud resources.
●Worked on Docker hub, creating Docker images and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configurations.
●Responsible for delivering cloud infrastructure solutions across geographical regions, and various infrastructure platforms.
●Developed solutions architecture and evaluated architectural alternatives for private and public cloud models, including IaaS, PaaS, and other cloud services.
●Participating in deep architectural discussions and ensuring customer success when building new solutions.
●Deploy CMS applications using CloudFormation, Route 53, CloudFront, ACM, ALB, VPC, Route Table, Auto-scaling, EC2, SG, NAT Gateway, Bastion Host, S3 and RDS.
●Worked as part of the Deployment Team. Worked with Developers, Business and Enterprise customers primarily for AWS Services like CloudFormation, Auto-scaling, Beanstalk, Amazon Elastic Cloud Computing, VPC and other related services.
●Implement best practices for backups and disaster recovery of production systems in AWS.
●Design and deploy enterprise-wide, complex cloud infrastructure solutions through automation.
●Configured SNS Push Notifications on S3 Bucket Events Inside of AWS Console.
●Created CloudFront distributions to serve content from edge locations to users to minimize load on frontend servers.
●Ensure compliance with the company's policies and procedures during design, development, and implementation.
●Collaborated with cross-functional teams to address technical challenges and achieve project milestones within tight deadlines.
●Develop and maintain comprehensive documentation, providing clear guidelines for team members and stakeholders.

Technical Skills: AWS, EC2, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk, ECR, ECS, EKS, S3, S3 Glacier, Storage Gateway, EFS, AWS Backup, RDS, AWS Developer Tools, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, ElastiCache, VPC, Route 53, CloudFront, Direct Connect, API Gateway, Amazon Redshift, SNS, SQS, SWF, AWS Auto Scaling, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, OpsWorks, AWS Organizations, IAM, IAM Identity Center, WAF&Shield, KMS, Certificate Manager, Kubernetes, RHEL, Ubuntu, Windows, Magento, Drupal, Joomla, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Python, MySQL.

Client: Just-Roar, India Nov 2016 to Oct 2017
Role: Cloud Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:
●Responsible for setting up the enterprise infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS) like EC2, VPC, ELB, EBS, S3 Buckets, Security Groups, Auto scaling, AMI, RDS, IAM Cloud formation, Lambda, Workspaces, CloudFront & VPC services using JSON scripts.
●Setup and manage Linux Servers on Amazon EC2 (EC2, AMI, EBS, ELB, ASG, Security Groups)
●Setup and manage Virtual Private Networks in Amazon (VPC, Subnets, Route Tables, NAT Gateway, Elastic IPs)
●Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi factor authentication, access key rotation, role-based permissions, enforced strong password policy, configured security groups and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and ACLs.
●Creating and maintaining S3 buckets. (Versioning, ACLs, Static website hosting, Archival)
●Configured AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) Group and Users for improved login authentication.
●Maintaining Route53 Hosted zones and record sets.
●Monitoring infrastructure using Amazon CloudWatch.
●Created NAT Gateways and instances to allow communication from private instances to the internet through Bastion Hosts.
●Used Security Groups, Network ACLs, Internet Gateways and Route Tables to ensure a secure zone for the organization in AWS public cloud.
●Created CloudFront distributions to serve content from edge locations to users to minimize load on frontend servers.
●Using AWS S3 to store code bundles to deploy on EC2 Instances.
●Working on providing DNS management using AWS Route 53.
●Managing infrastructure of applications on AWS.
●Suggesting best possible services of cloud as per requirement.
●Design, develop and implement high availability, backup and recovery strategies for applications and databases.
●Evaluating and improving existing AWS deployments.
●Defining and deploying monitoring metrics, and logging systems on AWS.
●Identifying appropriate use of AWS and deployment, and operational best practices.

Technical Skills: Cloud (AWS), EC2, ELB, EBS, EFS, RDS, ElastiCache, Route 53, CloudFront,
CloudWatch, S3, CloudFormation, Cloud Trail, IAM, SNS, SES, SQS, Nginx, MySQL, RHEL, Linux,
Windows, Git, GitHub, Maven.

Client: Techxchange Consulting PVT LTD, India Jun 2013 to - Oct 2016
Role: Associated Software Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:
●Design, architect and deploy cloud solutions that meet product and customer needs for scalability, reliability, performance & cost-effectiveness.
●Delivered Solutions to improve cloud architecture, deployment for AWS Private and Public Cloud.
●Writing code to automate and optimize the deployment of infrastructure and applications in a DevOps fashion.
●Implemented best practices for backups and disaster recovery of production systems in AWS.
●Responsible for configuring and securing the infrastructure on AWS cloud.
●Benchmarking and performance tuning on Hadoop infrastructure. Monitoring cluster connectivity and performance.
●Configuration of LVM to manage volume group, logical and physical partitions and importing new physical volumes.
●Install, configure and maintain network services including NFS, FTP, HTTPD, Tomcat, and SSH.
●Setting up Hadoop clusters and performing upgrades, and configuration changes of Hadoop clusters. Working with Linux commands to maintain Linux servers and adding them to the Hadoop environment to perform various data operations.
●Involved in Analyzing system failures, identifying root causes, and recommending courses of action.
● Monitored System Activities like CPU, Memory, Disk and Swap space usage to avoid any performance issues.
●Automated system management tasks like user account creation, file system size monitoring, monitor system resources and system maintenance using Shell, and Perl scripts.
●Installed, maintained, and fine-tuned the Apache Tomcat server and WebSphere Application Server in the Linux Platform.
●Set up various user profiles, and environment variables/security to ensure smooth operation. Implemented System policies and hardware profiles, hard disk configuration for fault tolerance, disk mirroring and backup the data using backup devices.
●Responsible for supporting Linux servers for production, development and testing. Develop, Maintain, and update various scripts for services (start, stop, restart, recycle, cron jobs) UNIX-based shell, Perl.
●Deployed Active/Active MySQL clusters using Redhat Cluster Suite for supporting internal applications built on the LAMP stack.

Technical Skills: AWS, EC2, ELB, ALB, EBS, EFS, RDS, MySQL, Route 53, CloudFront, CloudWatch, S3, CloudFormation, CloudTrail, IAM, SNS, SES, SQS, Linux, NFS, Samba, Apache, MySQL, Firewall, TCP/IP, RDP, FTP, SMTP, SNMP, Tomcat, WebSphere, Hadoop, Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu, DNS, LVM, Nginx.

Education:
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering, JNTU Hyderabad.

Certifications:
2021-03 AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
2023-01 AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional
2023-04 AWS Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional
Contact this candidate