CHRIS DE LOS REYES
*** ***** ****** • Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660 • 917-***-**** • bye2ap@r.postjobfree.com

SENIOR-LEVEL ARCHITECT AND SYSTEMS ENGINEER
IT • MSP • ISP

Results-focused and dynamic professional equipped with more than 15 years of hands-on success fueling pre- and post-sales operations, providing expert technical account management, solutions, and support to broad range of clients in diverse industries.
Areas of Excellence include:

Account Management • Technical Account Management • Pre-Sales Support
Post-Sales Support • Implementation & Deployment • Procedure Development
Systems Integration • Business Process Development • Requirement Identification
Project Management • Operational Streamlining • Policy Development • Contract Negotiations
Process re-engineering • Team Leadership • Entrepreneurship • Special Projects

CAREER HISTORY

BLUECAT NETWORKS • Toronto, Canada June 2010-Present
A leading vendor of IP Address Management based on both software and hardware delivering both change and configuration management and automation of DNS, DHCP and IP Address Management provisioning within enterprise markets.

Solutions Architect, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast: With a combination of expert product knowledge, industry and practical experience supporting the regional sales team to successfully close sales.

• Collect and develop technical requirements relevant to current and future business and technical needs
• Identify technical requirements, aligning technology to business values supporting clear Return on investment “ROI” and total cost of ownership “TCO”.
• Directly supporting all Pre-Sales engagements within the North East region from West Virginia to Eastern Canada across three Account Directors and Two Business Development Reps.
• Automated provisioning of change management relevant to IP Addresses, DHCP and DNS within the directive of local run book or business process.
• Responding to all RFP's, RPI's and RFQ's as a preliminary step engaging into sales process.

MDU COMMUNICATIONS • Totowa, New Jersey 2009-2010
Provider of satellite video, cable, and Internet services to residential communities (Acquired Delrey Technologies)

Senior Architect of Broadband and IT Services: Facilitate routine operations, support, and network services development processes for broadband product sets as well as provide support to 150 distributed networks. Direct team of 5 lead engineers, 3 product managers, and 26 field technicians and contractors, along with 2 engineers in IT support and development. Administer annual broadband services budget of $2.5M and IT budget of $350K. Evaluate and modify standard operating procedures to realize more efficient operations. Establish strategic business plans in alignment with company requirements and objectives.

• Minimized human error factor and more than quadrupled SLA responses by automating provisioning and asset/change management of subscriber management system in collaboration with outsourced hosting service provider, created API requirements for integration with control and authentication components.
• Streamlined processes via designing internal web-based portal using existing and new workflow procedures for asset profiling, project management, vendor management, and procurement tracking. Portal subsequently became company template, allowing employees to rapidly access property financial and service data.

OPALIS SOFTWARE, INC. • Toronto, Canada 2008-2009
Leading IT process automation enterprise software company. (Acquired by Microsoft)

Senior Solutions Architect, Northeast: Delivered expert support to sales endeavors based on in-depth understanding of client business processes, determining needs and objectives, and determining efficient automation solution, designed common framework for process management and standardization by integrating clients’ custom script and run processes. Provided pre- and post-sales technical account management for clients.

• Procured more than $4M in business with Fortune 750 companies in partnership with sales associate, accounts closed included organizations within energy, manufacturing, finance, and e-commerce industries.
• Achieved sales quota despite challenging financial environment.

DELREY TECHNOLOGIES, LLC • Jersey City, New Jersey 2002-2008
Start-up company providing consumer-based ISP and video services to luxury high rises comprising 3,000 customers.

Owner/President: Executed entire spectrum of processes associated with start-up operation, including business development, project management, account management, and procedure development. Established and launched full Ethernet distributed network throughout lower Jersey area by wireless bridging between properties, created satellite distribution network to accompany Internet broadband. Provided managed services for VoIP, application integration, and network management.

• Grew start-up operation to support 1,800 customers with 10-year right-of-entry contracts for 6 high rises within 3 years. Expanded company to incorporate systems integration and solutions for mid-sized companies in tri-state area.
• Designed and implemented fully-automated, self-provisioning broadband system.
• Successfully negotiated lasting contract with real estate development firm for provision of alternative broadband/video service to Telco and video franchises.
• Secured contracts with New Jersey Board of Education as well as major organizations, such as ITT, Hyatt, Fisher Development, and TM Forum.

VISUAL NETWORKS, INC. • Rockville, Maryland 1999-2002
Provider of network and application performance management solutions.

Pre-/Post-Sales Systems Engineer: Supported all pre-sales visual products across carrier, service provider, and enterprise markets. Controlled more than 5 major accounts, including AT&T, Bayer, Chase, Kroger, and Prudential, as Technical Account Manager, and served as Technical Liaison between customers and corporate entity. Provided support for deployment and integration of company products with partnered products.

CHARLES RIVER CONSULTANTS • New York, New York 1997-1999
Provider of technical help desk support, application development, and high-definition imaging personnel to large corporations.

Senior Consultant: Ensured on-site customer support for key clients and sales support for potential clients as Network Analysis Engineer.

CERTIFICATIONS, TRAINING, & TECHNICAL SKILLS

MCSE • ITIL v3 Certified • SOX Compliance Training (COBIT)

OS, Platforms and Standards: Linux/Unix, All Microsoft Platforms including HyperV, VMWARE ESX, XEN, Oracle, MySQL, Postgres, LDAP, Radius, CNR, DNS BIND, DHCP, CISCO IOS, HP IOS, 802.1q, 802.1x

Languages: HTML, PHP, XML, BASH, PERL, PYTHON, RUBY, SOAP web-services

VOIP platforms: Nortel, Cisco, 3Com, Avaya

Enterprise solutions: Microsoft System Center Suite, HP Datcenter Automation, BMC Atrium, BMC REMEDY, NETIQ, CMDB, Infoblox, BlueCat Networks, F5 Load Balancers,
Contact this candidate