Nick Qureshi
**** ** ***** **.
Plano, TX *****
832-***-****
xqr9nd@r.postjobfree.com


Objective:

To manage processes/projects by effectively and efficiently incorporating my extensive experience in LAN/WAN, security, and unified communications based infrastructures. To harness my skills by assessing, planning, designing and implementing the best core solutions for clients.

Skills Summary:

More than 10 years of experience in managing complex LAN/WAN and voice environments spanning core technologies and Project Management.

Experience:

RxGiG, Dallas,TX 05/09-10/09

Program Manager

Responsible for tailoring IT custom solutions for Healthcare Staffing conglomerates ranging from small to midsize clients. Responsible for pre/post-sales strategy and support, systems design, systems architecture, project management and network design services to automate business processes and procedures to improve productivity. 

* Supervising and developing staff to supply a complete PC network infrastructure and storage solutions to client companies 
* Responsible for increasing business revenues 
* Deploying resources to provide outsourced IT support to 35 client companies, ranging in size from 5 to 500 employees each 
* Planning, Managing and Executing all Search Marketing Campaigns for www.RxGiG.com (SEM, SEO, PPC, Paid Search)
* Redefining functions and providing proposal writing, project management and recommending Information technology solutions to client companies related to cost reduction initiatives 
* Providing support for client companies to enhance data communication between various sites using VPNs and private lines 
* Managing and designing clients distributed and centralized VoIP network deploying Cisco Products. Responsible for designing VoIP infrastructure utilizing Cisco UCM, Unity, Voice Gateways and Microsoft AD/Exchange applications.
* Ensuring timely completion of projects within estimated cost and timelines 
* Developing budget and cost estimate for various project completions 
* Creating an identical network infrastructure schema throughout all client companies for easy deployment, consistency and ease of troubleshooting. Deploying remote access for quick trouble resolutions and better management of resources.


NexusIs Inc., Valencia, CA (telecommuting from Dallas, TX) 10/07-05/09

IT Project Manager

Managed the company's 200+ enterprise clients with advanced troubleshooting services encompassing primarily Cisco Voice and Routing Infrastructure. Worked on projects including but not limited to Unity, Unity Connection, Active Directory, MS Exchange, Cisco Callmanager, Routing issues and UCM along with voice gateways.

Cisco Systems Inc., Richardson, TX 8/04-10/07

Architecture for Voice, Video, and Integrated Data (AVVID) Backbone Team 
 
Specialized in administering/troubleshooting Cisco's proprietary Unified Messaging Application (Unity) for companies that deployed the application. Typical service requests included, but were not limited to, SQL replication problems, Exchange 5.5/2000/2003 integration issues with Unity, Call handlers' administration, Call routing rules' configuration, Unity's integration with third party voice mail systems' troubleshooting, and Unity's integration with Cisco Call Manager and third party IP based PBX systems' troubleshooting.
Other responsibilities included troubleshooting Cisco Call Manager, Gateways' troubleshooting including ISDN, MGCP, and H323 issues. Typical service requests included, but were not limited to, Cisco Call Manager Route plan/Route Group/ Route list and Device based troubleshooting, IP phone to IP phone communication failure scenarios, and assuring a smooth flow of VoIP traffic deploying Cisco AVVID design specifications. 

McKesson Corporation, Dubuque, IA 8/03-4/04

Senior Consultant

Primary job responsibilities were to manage this Fortune 26th company’s WAN intranet/internet infrastructure that controls over $50 billion in revenues every year. Troubleshot network outages, frame issues, T1/T3, BRI/PRI links to guarantee a smooth flow of transactions through the company’s distribution centers and pharmaceutical clientele that spanned over 35 states. Analyzed, assessed, configured and troubleshot WAN/LAN issues with a variety of network management tools including, but not limited to, HP Openview, Cisco Works 2000, Lucent QIP, Netview, Cisco Secure, TACACS, RADIUS, AT&T business direct tools, sniffers, fluke and IDS (A.C.I.D. Snort). Utilized REMEDY network ticketing software and QIP to upload DNS/DHCP configuration changes. Routers and switches worked on were primarily Cisco products spanning the product range of 2600, 3600, 4000, 7200, 7500, Catalyst 3550, Catalyst 6500, Nortel switches, and Bay Network switches. Routing issues included configuration and troubleshooting of RIPV2, EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP, redistribution, and DLSW+ among the 300+ router/switch fabric. Switching issues included spanning tree STP and VLAN configurations.


ITT Technical Institute, Houston, TX 3/02-7/03

Instructor

Job included teaching the following curriculum:
1. Project Management: This course covered all the process groups and knowledge areas set forth in the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK). Students were given three projects that encompassed the entire Project Management Life Cycle while also being introduced to the software development life cycle. Students were then graded by gauging their performance according to timelines and effectiveness of the projects.
2. Wide Area Transmission And Protocols: This course covered the Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) curriculum. Introduced the students to the OSI and the TCP/IP model, this course took them through labs including VLANs, Routing Protocols (RIPv1 and IGRP), Subnetting, IPX, Frame-Relay, and the Cisco Router and Switch Command Line Interface (CLI). Students were given 60 hours of lecture/labs each quarter.
3. Telecommunications: This course covered the basic and advanced architecture of telephone networks and covered in depth analysis of Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier (ILEC), Competitive Local Exchange Carrier (CLEC), and Mobile Telephone Switching Office (MTSO). It detailed the Wide Area Networking Protocols, Routing Protocols, Routed Protocols, and Local Area Networking Protocols. Students were given 60 hours of lecture/labs each quarter.
4. TCP/IP: This course had detailed analysis of the TCP/IP model along with all of the protocols and application layer services that utilize it. History of the TCP/IP model and the OSI model was explained. This course utilized the Windows NT server 4.0 Lab Workbook. It counted for 60 hours of lecture/lab each quarter.
5. Network Integration: This course dealt with seamless integration of Windows NT Server 4.0, Red Hat Linux Server, and the Novell Netware Server. This coupled with interconnectivity of Cisco 2600 series routers and Catalyst 2900 switches completed the requirements for the course. This was also based on 60 hours of lecture/lab each quarter.


Web & Net Inc., Houston, TX 4/01-3/02

Principal Consultant

Primary functions included On site Consulting with clients. Worked as the primary Project Coordinator in maintaining and suggesting scalable network design. Proposing and calculating the cost, activity sequencing and the budget for projects. Diagnosing problems with networks and providing On site Configuration/Troubleshooting Support. Supporting a wide variety of LAN/WAN technologies including but not limited to Fast Ethernet/Ethernet, Token Ring, FDDI, T1/T3 Setup, ATM, Frame-Relay, and ISDN. Configuring the major routing protocols including RIP, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF, and BGP. Building a strong commitment to customer satisfaction.


Getronics Corporation, Houston, TX 4/99-4/01

Sr. Network Engineer

WAN Support
Primary duties included analyzing and troubleshooting clients’ WAN networks, and tuning the clients’ network to optimum performance. The main focus included, but was not limited to, a wide array of WAN transmission protocols including HDLC, Frame-Relay, and PPP. WAN transmission media included T1/T3 Controllers and WIC-1T-DSU. Worked with external CSU/DSU products from Adtran. Optimum performance included load balancing and routing with various protocols including RIPv1, RIPv2, IGRP, EIGRP, OSPF (single area as well as multiple areas). Secondary duties included troubleshooting clients’ LAN, DHCP, WINS, and DNS were also configured for optimum LAN performance and smoother convergence with the clients’ WAN. Experience with TCP/IP protocol suite as well as IPX and Appletalk networks. Extensive knowledge of CRB, IRB, and transparent bridging techniques. Knowledge of SRB, RSRB, TLB/SRB, and DLSW+. Knowledge of Border Gateway Protocol (BGPv4). 

Access Digital/Analog Support
Extensive experience in BRI configurations and PRI configurations (T1/T3 PRI Controllers). Extensive experience in asynchronous interface configurations including built in modems for the AS5XXX Concentrators and AUX ports in lower series routers for dial-up access. Extensive experience in utilizing PPP PAP/CHAP authentication methods. Extensive experience in troubleshooting PPP dial-up connections utilizing ISDN Q931, ISDN Q921 debug output. Extensive experience in backup configurations using dialer watch, floating statics, and backup interface configuration commands. Extensive experience with configuring Dialer Pools and Dialer Rotary groups. Extensive experience in Central site dialing out and Branch Offices dialing in to the Central Site. 

Hardware Support
Extensive experience in working with various Cisco Routers including the 2500, 3600, 4000, 4500, 4700, 7000, 7200, 7500. Primary duties included assisting clients in upgrading the firmware and password recovery procedures for Cisco Routers. Other functions included, but were not limited to, decoding the trace backs from Router crashes and power outages. Memory allocation, memory leaks, CPU utilization and slow performance were also analyzed and dealt with accordingly. Identified collision problems in traditional LANs and suggested corrective actions in rectifying the performance. The Hardware-Software Compatibility Matrix was constantly reviewed to identify the correct IOS images and the hardware supported by the respective images. 

Related Skills
Extensive knowledge of Frame-Relay (point-to-point as well as multipoint) and traffic shaping. Extensive knowledge of Static/Dynamic NAT, HSRP, Policy Routing, QOS, COS, Queuing Methods, Static Routing. Extensive knowledge of Network Security components including Standard/Extended Access lists, Context Based Access Lists (CBAC), VPN on the routers as well as Cisco PIX and NETSCREEN firewalls. 


Education:

B.S., Business Administration/Management
University of Maryland, University Park, MD ----- 1995

Completed 35 hrs of Project Management Professional (PMP) intensive bootcamp based on Project Management Body Of Knowledge (PMBOK) adhering to PMI specifications – Completed on May 18, 2007. 

Other Certifications/Affiliations:
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP).
Microsoft Certified Professional + Internet (MCP+I). 
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE). 
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA). 
Cisco Cerified Network Professional (CCNP).
Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert (CCIE) -- Passed the written qualification exam. Lab to be scheduled.
PMP exam to be scheduled.


References:
Available on request.

Contact this candidate