

















































Rohit Kadam
‘Trupti Niwas’, Maratha Section 32, Ulhasnagar 4, Thane.
Contact No: 9503531431. E-mail ID: 11kadamrohit07@gmail.com
Career Objective :- To achieve a desiring position in a renowned organization which can be an  acme by giving highest level of performance.
Experience :-
Company: Here Technologies India Pvt Ltd
Job Title: Production Engineer 
Start Date: 13th July 2015 (working with same company)
Job Title: Production Engineer
Description:
Production Engineer are the part of SQE (Software Quality Engineering) team which falls under CME Group. SQE team deals with all types of testing related activities that are necessary for Enhancing the Quality of the tool with neither Error nor Bugs. 
Here technologies use various tools for the creation of the maps into the RMOB. Following are the tool names along with one-line description of the same.
· Image review: for capturing signs in real time drive using deep sign methodology
· Transnap: for Manual transcription of signs 
· Translane: for Coding XTDL for lanes 
· SpeedApp: for only purpose of Speed Coding
· GeoApp: for Coding Missing Geometry
· Map Creator: Community inputs into the database
· Lane Traversal Coding & Review 
· Atlas: For creating actual maps in RMOB
· HD Maps: High Definition Maps
· 2D 3D Models
During the initial phase, learnt many new skills and till date, I don’t have any Error on my User name along with Zero Non-Conformance. My metric was always above 150%. Maintain MDI board & provided continuous improvement ideas for the team.
Here Technologies follows Agile methodology for testing purposes. Learning the agile methodology was a tough job, but Nitin K made it easy. His workshop gave me full idea about how to deal with stakeholders with ease. Learnt many skills related to handling stakeholders.
As a Production Engineer my main aim was to do functional testing along with Automation & Manual testing.
Functional testing mainly included the testing of the above-mentioned tools and finding bugs. Along with this provided many improvement ideas for the tools. The concept of using OCR technology in Transnap tool, was appreciated by CME because it saved a lot of manual efforts while coding a Directional sign.
In Automation Testing, we mainly use Selenium along with Python & Java. Manual testing mainly included testing of a particular part of the tool.
Creation of Test Suits in Zypher which captures all positive as well as negative scenarios. Test cases created by our team were on the spot while dealing with all the scenarios.
My bandwidth was mostly utilized for Dashboard Validation, which included dealing with Redshift Database using DbVisualizer & SQLWorkbench J.
As a part of SQE team, I have to deal with doubts & business requirements of Stakeholders, CME Team, Quality Team, Product Owner & Business Analyst.
Created an Easy Access tool for SQE team, which annually saved around 1480 hours.
Taking Gemba across team and improving team metric was another main motto & Working along the cross functional teams helped me to grow my skills
Automation was raised by 19%, for metrication database & dashboard.
There was a critical requirement in 2016 to work with COE Team, for smooth transition of CDFP to FPM. Following are the details of the same.
Job was divided into three main categories while working as a SME for COE project. Namely Resource Planning, Coding Execution & Quality Assurance.
Resource Planning includes taking Work from RMC (Regional Management Content) and distributing it to the OPC (Out Sourced). Providing them detail orientation about the work & whenever require, help them with training on certain attributes.
Coding Execution is the main part of the COE project. Here we help the OPC with the coding part. We have our own LWT (Light Weight Tools) that provides a helping hand in coding. OPC raise JIRA, when they encounters any new situation. We provide expert resolution in the JIRA.
Quality Assurance includes the quality check of the given data. Here we use InPro Tool, which is made using the Concept of RaoSoft. Passing criteria of delivery is already set according to the company's policy.
Achievements:
· Was Performer of the Week for consecutive 4 weeks before the transformation of the project Q2 16
· Winner of Innovation Day Q3 16 & Q3 17
· Winner of Quality Week Q4 16
· On time delivery of contentment checks Q2 17
· Made video for a product lunch (Product Name: UAF)
· Submitted an Software glitch which is now taken care by CME Team
· Submitted a Best Practice which was approved Globally and saved around 890 Hours of our project. This was one of the Top 4 Best Practice of 2016.
· Amended Machine Learning Idea was submitted, that is now developed into a concept. This was appreciated by Mr. Damandeep Kochhar VP Global Production
Educational Qualifications :-
	Institution
	Board
	Place
	Percentage

	Carmel Convent High School (SSC)
	Mumbai
	Badlapur
	68

	C.H.M (HSC)
	Mumbai
	Ulhasnagar
	72

	St. Xavier’s College
(Graduation)
	Autonomous
	CSMT
	71


Recent Education Status:-
· Data Analytics using Python 
                    Which included Advanced Excel, SQL, SAS & Python Programming
· Google Digital Marketing

Under Taken Project for Final Year Semester :-
· kRonicK Access System.
Front End	:  Java
Back End	:  Python & SQL
Hardware	: EM-18 Module
Usage	      : Employee management System using RF-ID Technologies
Languages Skills :-
	Languages
	Read
	Write
	Speak

	English
	· 
	· 
	· 

	Hindi
	· 
	· 
	· 

	Marathi
	· 
	· 
	· 

	Gujarati
	· 
	        -
	· 



Workshops Attended :-
· ICT (Information Communication Technology)
National Level Seminar about Cloud Computing
· New Trends in Information Technology
- Vijay Mukhi
· SAP Technologies
              By SAP Scholars at Bangalore
· Agile Methodology 
              -Nitin Khare
Computer Skills :-
Handy with Database Handling (MySql, SQL SERVER, Postgres)
Basic knowledge about Object Oriented Programming (Java, Python)
Moderate with Web Design (PHP, JSP, .NET, HTML, JAVA SCRIPT)
Healthy Knowledge of Material Management Module SAP
Strengths :-
Good Communication & Interpersonal skills
Ability to work effectively in a team
Ready to undertake detail oriented task
Hobbies :- 
Cooking
Adventure & Trekking
Extra Curriculum Activities :-
Represented College Hockey, Handball & Football Team
Participated in National Anti-Aids & Cancer Campaign
Certificates in Taekwondo
Fifth position, Adidas Uprising Tournament 2017
Extra Curriculum Activities at St. Xavier’s College
Coordinator of VIP Gates during Malhar 2013
Sub Secretary Rural Camp 2014
Participated in Cutting Carbon, Kids Enlightenment & Project Paint 2015

DATE   :-
PLACE :-  MUMBAI	 		                                                            (Rohit Kadam)

