




































Sathish Kumar SEmail : satzsathish79@gmail.com

Seeking an interesting and challenging career in a progressive organization that gives me scope to update
my knowledge and also to utilize the knowledge gained from my work experience and be recognized as a
person who has added value to the work place and also to deliver optimized and efficient solutions.

Job Profile:

Project 1: ACES

Duration: Jan’16 to Apr’16

Role: Process Executive

Job Profile:

Project 2: SPIDER Benefit Configuration

Duration: May’16 – till date

Role: Process Executive to Senior Process Executive

Project description

Benefit Configuration converts the covered benefits of a group. Each benefit plan has to be configured
with its own benefits, which in turn are set up with its own accumulators, Co-payment, deductible, service
codes, restriction limits, etc. When a member is eligible for a benefit, she/he is entitled to get all the
advantages of that benefit. In this process, we are coding the benefits with respect to the plans based on
the inputs given by Sales Analyst.

After completion of Benefit coding, it will moved to Benefit Testing team. Testing team does the testing

Senior Process ExecutiveMobile : +91 9710428104

OBJECTIVE:

PROFILE:

 Senior Process Executive with over 2+ years of experience.

 Built functional knowledge of benefit coding and testing in very short period of time and supported
business flawlessly.

 Capable of working in all the mentioned tools (FACETS, Rational IBM Clear Quest).

 Highly motivated, goal oriented individual with strong problem-solving and analytical skills.

 Deliver Solutions with high quality and on time without any delay.

 Capability to learn new languages and adapting myself to different domains in short period of time with
excessive understanding skills.

 Effectively analyzing results and implementing solutions.

 Excellent communication skills, people at all levels both internally and externally has ensured the
development of good business relationships.

 Capable of building highly motivated teams that are conscious of their part in improving productivity and
quality throughout the business function.



using dummy claim. Tested with data like CPT, diagnose code which is the input for claim. Testing
determines the quality of the coding based on the defects in it.

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Operating System : Windows 2000, XP and Vista

Package : MS-Office, Tally ERP 9

Application used : CITRIX, JIRA, Rational IBM ClearQuest

 Participate in Training meetings to identify training needs.

 Generating reports and Monthly dashboards for client meetings.

 Identify process improvements and achieving cash goals.

 Exceeded client expectations on numerous occasions.

 Providing updates and feedback to the team on a regular basis.

ACHIEVEMENTS:

 Received SPOTLIGHT award for Excellence in productivity & quality – 4 times in 24 months of my
Tenure in Cognizant.

 Completed certification program in AHM 250 & BPO Lean Concepts.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

 Bachelor of Commerce (B.COM) (2012-2015) with an aggregate of 60% in THIRUTHANGAL NADAR
COLLEGE.

 12th with an aggregate of 86% in Bethel Matriculation Higher Secondary School.

 10th with an aggregate of 70% in Bethel Matriculation Higher Secondary School.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

 Working at Cognizant Technologies, India (September 2015 to till date)

 Joined as Process Executive in the month of September 2015 to March 2016)

 Senior Process Executive - March 2016 – till date.

TECHNICAL SKILL:

ersonal Details:

Date of Birth 07 April 1995.
Gender Male
Marital Status Single
Nationality Indian
Father’s name Sukumar A
Permanent Address No:3/2, Ramanathan street, Aynavaram

Chennai- 600 023
Languages English & Tamil

Declaration:



Declaration:

hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the
responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

Place: Chennai

Date:  SATHISH KUMAR S


