



















































Resume Wizard



		
	Hpouse # A2/1104, Tulip White paratments , Sector 69
Gurgaon-122021

	Phone: +91-9829360467 • E-mail nikhilkl@Gmail.com


Nikhil Kasliwal
	Objective

	
	To secure a position with a well-established organization with a stable environment that will lead to a lasting relationship in the field of finance.

	Career highlights

	
	Reconciliations 
Apr-2017 - till date ( AIG, India Finance Centre, Gurgaon)
Manager
Managing a team of 3 people involved in account reconciliations and GL accounting.
Monitoring performance by each team member.
Reviewing balance sheet reconciliations done by team.
Supporting Internal & External Audits.
Cleaned up ageing balances across entities.
Managing legacy GL to SAP interface for all MENA entities.
Managing the mapping changes for Legacy GL to SAP Interface.
Reviewing and approving journals prepared by team.
Reconciled 3 un-reconciled accounts which had unsupported aged open items.
Reduced the total open items count from ~1000 in Feb’17 to ~520 in Aug’18

Closing & Reporting 
Mar-2012- Apr-2017  (GENPACT Gurgaon, India/GE Capital, Europe)
Manager
Leading, Motivating & Guiding a team of 5 FTE’s involved in controllership activities.
1 Month Onsite assignment in ITALY for support to business during Quarter close
Transition of all Controllership activities to Genpact.
SEC Reporting balanced sheet preparation and submission to HQ.
Regulatory reporting submission of Y9C, Y11, Y2314 to HQ.
Merged & Cleaned up 2 Operating LE’s reducing total operating LE’s to 5.
Inter-company mapping correction & Edit Resolution.
Automated payroll booking in GL for 4 European legal entities.
Reconciling VAT accounts for UK & European branches.
Submission of extended schedules like Other liabilities, Other Asset, Other receivables & accounts Payable.
Issuing Intercompany invoices using excel based file.
Reconciling Intercompany invoices against accruals.
Accounts Payable 
Jan -2010- Mar-2012  (GENPACT Jaipur, India/GE Capital , The Netherlands)
Transition of Accounts Payable activities.
Balance sheet analysis & explanation for Other liabilities, AP & AP Taxes
SEC Extended schedule preparation for Other Liabilities, AP & AP Taxes
Calculating accruals for future payments to vendors.
Reconciliation of Sub ledger & GL accounts.
Resolution of open items arising out of reconciliations.
Feb -2009-Jan -2010 (GMS, The Netherlands/ GE Capital , The Netherlands)
Onsite support to business in new implementation.
Re-engineering and Re-implementation of Accounts Payable Systems.
Oracle Financials Purchasing Implementation for Europe.
2 way and 3 way invoice processing.
Payment processing for invoices.
Jun -2007 – Feb-2009 (GENPACT Jaipur, India/GE Capital , The Netherlands)
Creation of purchase orders for suppliers. 
Daily processing of invoices from suppliers.
Weekly wire payments to vendors.


	Achivements

	
	Gave a P&L impact of $ 5000 by correcting the discount taken accounting in accounts payable system.
Bronze Cheers Award for extended support to business when there was attrition on client side.
Management Award from business for excellent performance.

	Date of Birth

	9th April 1984 Age 34

	Skills

	
	Lean Certified, Green Belt trained & tested.
Computer skills: Good command over excel, power point and other MS office programs. Good Knowledge over Oracle financials.
Communication Skills: Strong control over English language and good communication skills to deal with clients and other personnel.

	
Education

	
	PGDM from IMT CDL, Ghaziabad
Bachelors in Commerce – University Commerce College Jaipur, Rajasthan
10th-12th standard Choice School, Cochin, Kerala

	Strengths

	
	Quick Learner
People management
Positive, energetic & willing to move to any location.
Excellent organizational, multi-tasking skills as well as detail oriented.
Self-starter and willing to try new methods without any push.

	Summary Of Qualifications

	
	Strong project management, interpersonal and influencing skills. Ability to work independently as well as a great team player. Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

	References

	
	Available upon request






