












































Resume

RESUME

NAME : BHAGYASHRI ICHCHHARAM BHANGALE
                                               

Address for Correspondence : Shriram nagar, sec-29,Behind Yashwant Vidyalay,Unr-421004.

Contact :- 8422986406
E-mail:- bbhangale1996@gmail.com                               


                                                                                     

                           
	Personal Information:-



Name: BHAGYASHRI ICHCHHARAM BHANGALE

Date of Birth: 24 AUG 1996
Gender :- FEMALE
Languages Known : - English, Hindi, Marathi.

Nationality: - Indian
	Carrier Objective:-




Want to contribute myself to the organizational goal by systematic application of technical knowledge. Want to stabiles in the organization having innovative environment as the key player.  

	Strength:-



· Hard working and sincere approach towards work.
· Open minded approach - quick to learn and adapt, having patience and perseverance to complete a task at its best level.

· Enjoy being part of a group and working as member of a team.

· Self confident about myself and my work.
	Academic Profile:-


	Sr. No.
	Course
	University
	Year
	Percentage/CGPA

	1.
	BSC(IT)
	MUMBAI 
	2017
	          68.75%

	3.
	H.S.C.
	MUMBAI
	2014
	62.77%

	4.
	S.S.C.
	MUMBAI
	2012
	65.64%


	Expertise


· Languages known  :-
C, C++, Linux
· Server  :-     Windows server 2003 , server 2008.
· DBMS Packages   :-      SQL , PL/SQL.
	Work Experience :-


· Fresher
	Project Details :-


Topic :- E-Bookatta Online Store.
Platform Used :  Visual Studio 2010.
Back End :- Microsoft SQL Server 2008.

Description :-

Our project which is E-Bookatta online store based on ASP.NET with C# language for online selling of Educational books all over india where we can buy books online and big advantage is that it’s payment is cash on delivery so you won’t pay by online transaction.
Roles & Responsibilities :-

      In our project my role is Programmer to understand the each and every algorithm and developed the project in .NET environment as well as my responsibility is to monitor the each and every task of the project. 
	Extra Curricular Activities:-


· Participate in functions and win prizes in Traditional day competition and Rangoli competition.

	Hobbies:-




· Discussion
· Internet Suffering

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for correctness of the above mentioned particulars.

Place: - 







Yours sincerely,


Date:-                                                  

                                                                                                  (BHAGYASHRI I. BHANGALE)

