































Sample CV


CONTACT B 2, V.B. ENCLAVE, P.C.
ROAD, KALOOR P.O.
KOCHI 682017
KERALA, INDIA

philipchackop@gmail.com
+91 9446040445

+91 484 2333774

Kuwait Airways Corporation, Cochin Jun 2002 — May 2017

Fahad Expess, Sultanate of Oman December 1996 — December 1997

Chacko Philip Panakkal

OBJECTIVE

Make the best use of strong conceptual competence and extensive experience - Motivate and optimize available
resources to achieve individual and collective ends for time-bound results. Looking forward to career enhancement
prospects on a broader level of activity

WORK EXPERIENCE

Accounts Manager

Headed Kuwait Airways Station Finance since the commencement of operation to the Station. With
conceptualization skills, set up station based Accounting System and Procedures to cater to the needs of the HO
Finance Department and the station within the Kuwait Airways Financial Regulation and the deadlines. This scrap to
stability affairs were carried out single handed initially and collectively making the flock fly together subsequently.

Financial Accounting & Reporting: End user set up and maintenance of Chart of Accounts, preparation and
processing of various business transactions, extraction of relevant reports to be put into different business
analysis, result pointers, stakeholder management, treasury/funds management, continuous and adequate
control over Accounts payable/Account receivable/Funds etc. maintenance, control and settlement of inter-
unit and staff transactions, periodical/annual closing of account with due allocations and adjustments for
depreciation, deferred revenue expenses, accrued & unearned items, Reconciliation of relevant sub-ledgers
with General Ledger. All activities were kept within the framework of Standard Operating Procedures and
Accounting Standards.
Audit facilitation and Liaison with Internal & Statutory Auditors.
Preparation of MIS Reports to supplement Analysis of different business possibilities and combinations for
betterment, Budgets/Variances Analysis
Team Management: Selection on absolute suitability, imparting highly equipping familiarization & training,
constant appraisal and recognition to make the team highfliers flying together. Raise the team to adopt for
situational calls and to thrive on stressful environment.
Effectively handled transition period during 2006 when the Airline became self-handling from GSA set-up
Mastered JD Edwards EnterpriseOne at user level as the Station started using the same since 2007.

Accountant

Independently managed finance portfolio of IATA location

Revenue Management: Verified PSR with the relevant revenue documents, liaison with Airlines for disposal of

Chacko Philip Panakkal 1



Govan Travels, Cochin April 1987 — December 1996

Graduate in Commerce April 1977 — June 1980

discrepancies, Airline payments

Credit Control: Provided support to Sales Team for fund realization and keeping credit within the stipulated limits.
Liaison with Corporate clients

Accounting functions: Recorded and maintained books of accounts to provide timely and accurate results

Inter-branch and inter-unit reconciliations, Bank reconciliations, Audit facilitation

Accountant

Revenue Management: Verified PSR with the relevant revenue documents, liaison with Airlines for disposal of
discrepancies, Airline payments
Credit Control: Provided support to Sales Team for fund realization and keeping credit within the stipulated limits.
Liaison with Corporate clients
Accounting functions: Recorded and maintained books of accounts to provide timely and accurate results,
Inter-branch and inter-unit reconciliations, Bank reconciliations, Audit facilitation
M I S: Prepared and submitted Revenue,Expenses Budget variance statements, Target/Achievement
statements etc
Pay Roll and local labour matters.

EDUCATION

University of Kerala

Diploma in Computer Application - Financial Accounting Tally
Diploma in Computer Science - MS Office
Certificate Course in BASIC & FORTRAN
Certificate Course in UNIX & C

PERSONAL INFORMATION
Father's Name    : P.K. Chacko
Date of birth       : 28 October 1958

Chacko Philip Panakkal 2


	Chacko Philip Panakkal
	CONTACT
	OBJECTIVE
	WORK EXPERIENCE
	Kuwait Airways Corporation, CochinJun 2002 — May 2017
	Fahad Expess, Sultanate of OmanDecember 1996 — December 1997
	Govan Travels, CochinApril 1987 — December 1996

	EDUCATION
	Graduate in CommerceApril 1977 — June 1980

	PERSONAL INFORMATION


