














































  

SHOBAN BABU.P  

No:64, Anna Street, Kamaraj Nagar, Perungalathur,  

                                                         chennai-63  

shobanbabu14@gmail.com  

Mobile .no 9500185419 
  

To work in a progressive organization to improve my knowledge and skills that 
provides a steady career growth along with job satisfaction, challenges and give 
value contribution in the success of organization.  
  

Linguistic Abilities – English, Tamil (To Read, speak& Write), Hindi (To read and write)  

  

D.O.B -23.01.1996 Gender-Male Nationality- Indian Marital Status-Unmarried  

  

SUMMARY  

 Ability to rapidly build relationship and set up trust.  

 Excellent communication skills and ability to mix with team effortlessly.  

 Ability to cope with the critical situations in troubleshooting   

    

EDUCATION  

 B.sc (Computer science) from Hindustan College of Arts & Science, (Kelambakkam- Chennai, Tamil Nadu)  
Aggregate (2013-2016)  

 Higher Secondary Certificate from Santhosh Vidhyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai 

with an average of 70% (Year of passing-2013)  
 Secondary School Leaving Certificate from Santhosh Vidhyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School,  

Chennai with an overall marks of 80% (Year of passing-2011)  
  

  

ACHIEVEMENTS     

 I was awarded, Best performer of the month in Sutherland global services.  
 Have achieved silver medal in school level competition.  

Have achieved trophy in school level essay writing.  

  

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

 
 

    

TECHNICAL SKILLS  

 

  Creating Profiles to users and customizing desktop settings.   
  Good in backup and restoration of user data.   
  Installation and maintenance of Antivirus and managing update.   

  Have participated in social activities.   
  Have experience in acting short films.   
  Good at mimicry and dancing.   



 

CAMP & SEMINAR ATTENDED 
  

  
•   Three days state level conference on Research  Methodology  -   HCAS   
•   One day State level conference on Social Development and Equity in Society  –   HCAS   
•   One day college level co nference of programming , software testing and operating system   
  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
  

  

Sutherland global services   
Customer service Associate    
Level 1 Consultant   ( July   201 6   –   May 20 17)   
  

Tech Mahindra 

 

  
Technical support associate   
 (March2018 – Till date)                
  
  

  

SOFTWARE SKILLS   

  Programming Languages                                                        :      Basic C, C++, Java   

  Application software                                                                   :      Visual Basic 6.0   

  Operating System                                                                     :     Windows XP, Windows 7,8.1 & 10   

  Scripting Language                                                                 :    HTML   

  

ADDITIONAL SKILLS 
  

  
•   Excellent communication and interpersonal skills   
•   Strong time management skills   
•   Adopting to the  situation.   
•   Intermediate skill in Microsoft  Office.   
  

DECLARATION 
  

  

I hereby declare that the above particulars given are true and faith to the best of my knowledge and belief.   

  

Place :   
Date     :                                                                                                                                              SHOBANBABU . P   


