












































Symbiosis Institute of Computer Studies and Research, Pune



Jitendu Kumar Dixit
Qr. No.-E-59, Utkal University Campus,

Vani Vihar, Bhubaneswar




                                                                        E-mail:jitendudixit@gmail.com
Orissa-751004                                                                                                 Contact No:09732001919


Career Objective:










Intend to build a career with a leading corporate comprising of committed and dedicated resources which will help me, explore myself fully and realize my potential. Also to, work as a key player in a challenging and creative environment wherein I can use my technical and interpersonal skills to provide value addition leading to a path of mutual growth.
Educational Qualifications:

	Qualification
	University/Board
	School/College
	Passing Year
	Stream
	(CGPA/%)

	M.B.A
	I.F.H.E
	IBS, Hyderabad
	2011
	Finance and Marketing
	7.19 (CGPA)

	U.G.
	Bharati Vidyapeeth University
	Poona College Of Pharmacy, Pune
	2008
	B.Pharm
	
63.03%

	12th
	CBSE
	Prabhujee English Medium School, BBSR
	2003
	Science
	71%

	10th
	ICSE
	Venkateswar  English Medium School, BBSR
	2001
	
	75%


Work Experience: 

SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd.  April  2011 – Present

Designation-Management Trainee: Bancassurance Channel Support - Durgapur

Roles and Responsibilities: 
· Increase Branch Activation in coordination with the Regional Manager of SBI. Maintain constant touch with the Branch Managers of Zonal Branches to oversee operational issues.
· Generating relevant MIS reports, tracking CIF performance and recommending improvements.
· Managing operational aspects of the process right from policy issuance to claims settlement.
· Processing of sourced instruments.

Personal strengths:

· Systematic and highly detail oriented

· Flexible to the demands of the job
· Always open to new ideas and a good listener
· Possess strong interpersonal and communication skills
· Employee friendly, good in people management and a go getter
· Ability to work under pressure and deliver
Internship:

Organization: Orissa Power Generation Corporation
Location      : Bhubaneswar 
Duration      : Feb 15, 2010 to May 1, 2010
· Key Focus Areas: Detailed analysis of the company’s working capital management issues and comparative analysis of company’s financials with NALCO.

· Achievements: Recommended certain improvements in the managing of working capital and provided insights on their over-liquidity issues, some of which were actually implemented in the next fiscal year.

Technical Skills:

· SPSS

· MS Office 2000/2007/2010
· PHP, MySQL, Database Management
· SAP
Hobbies/Interests:

· Playing cricket.
· Avid Counter Strike player.
· Bike Riding.
· Magazine reading.
Personal Information:

Date of Birth         : 05/03/1986
Gender                  : Male

Marital Status        : Single

Father’s name       : Mr. T. Dixit

Mother’s name      : Mrs. P.Dixit
Languages Known : English, Hindi and Oriya
I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Jitendu Kumar Dixit


