














































CURRICULAM VITAE 
 

YOGESH  S. NIRMAL 

Phone: 7058088910 

E- mail: nirmalyogesh2014@gmail.com 

 

 

To excel in the field of Information Technology as an Oracle Database Administrator by 

contributing continuously towards organizational growth by providing seem less database 

support and to utilize every opportunity to achieve both personal and professional development.  

 

 

 Having 3.7 years of experience in Oracle Database administration. Presently working as 

‘Oracle Database Administrator’ with Capgemini Technology Services India Limited, 
Mumbai. 

 Having in-depth knowledge in oracle Architecture.     

 Having Experience on database creation using DBCA method 

 Having knowledge of ASM.  

 Having Experience on RAC Administration. 

 Having knowledge of RAC Architecture. 

 Having knowledge of RAC(Real  Application Cluster) 

 Having knowledge of Backup OCR, Voting Disk and OLR. 

 Creating and monitoring the tablespaces, allocating tablespaces for users. 

 Good experience on working for Remedy Tool. 

 Managing Redo log, Control file and Archive log files. 

 Diagnose and monitoring Alert log files. Cleanup of old logs and traces. 

 Having good Experience in configuring pfile, spfile and parameter management. 

 Having good Experience in Export and Import Utility.                                 

 Performed and maintained backup and recovery strategies for the database using logical 

(Export & Import), physical (hot & cold) and RMAN backups. 

 RMAN Backup and recovery (HOT & COLD Backup) 

 Cloning of the database using online, offline, RMAN using Duplicate and Without 

Duplicate commands.      

 Having experience on applying the database patches and patch set using Opatch.  

 Having Experience to Upgradation of database 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 

 Experience of Upgradation of database Manual & DBUA method. 

 Backup of Databases - Making Backup Schedules depending upon Business Strategy: 

Daily Backup, weekly Backup etc. 

 Having experience on flashback techniques like restore point. 

 Configuration & Administrating of Data Guard (Physical Standby Database). 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

DBA SKILLS 

mailto:nirmalyogesh2014@gmail.com


 Configured Data Guard and tested for switchover. 

 Working in 24/7 production support environment. 

 

 
 

 

#PROJECT DETAILS:  (Jully 2016 to till date) 
 

     Organization: Capgemini Technology Services India Limited 

Role               : Oracle DBA. 

Client    : BOSCH 

    Environment:  Linux , Oracle 10g/11gR2 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

 Oracle software installations and Database creations. 
 Database upgrade & patching in Standalone database servers. 
 Database cloning in Standalone database servers. 
 Database refreshes from Production to Non Production environments.  
 Schema & Table level refreshes using data pump.  
 Transferring the data between one database to another database using logical backups like 

EXP/IMP and DATAPUMPS. 

 Configure tnsnames.ora, listener.ora files. 

 Create and maintaining the dblink. 

 Good hands on experience on configuring RMAN backups using catalog and no catalog 

model. 

 Handling responsible for both manage and support for all production, development and 

staging instances. 

 Creating, granting and monitoring user access rights and privileges and roles. 

 Configuration & Administrating of Data Guard (Physical Standby Database). 

 Configured Data Guard and tested for switchover & failover. 
 Checking of Alert log and Trace files to monitor the database on a daily basis.  

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

Database  Oracle 10g/11gR2 

DBA Utilities SQL*Plus, Import, Export, expdp, impdp, RMAN 

Operating Systems 
Linux, Windows 

 

Ticketing Tools BMC Remedy,Service Now 

Tools Putty , DBCA, DBUA, WinSCP, OEM,NETCA,PL/SQL Developer 

  

Work Experience: 



 

#PROJECT DETAILS: (23
rd

 Jun 2014 to Jun 2016) 

 

            Organization : Capgemini Technology Services India Limited 

Role              : Database Administrator 

Clients  : Fairfax Media Entertainment 

Environment  : Linux ,Oracle 10g/11gR2 

 

Responsibilities:  

 

 Oracle software installations and Database creations. 
 Managing the client sessions. 

 Troubleshooting unknown issues through SR. 

 Patching (PSU and CPU) on several databases.  

 Use External and Internal tickets with Remedy tools for the project. 

 Provide end-user assistant for Database. 

 Configuration & Administrating of Data Guard (Physical Standby Database). 

 Upgradation of database from 11gR1 to 11gR2. 

 Configuration & Administrating of Data Guard (Physical Standby Database). 

 Configured Data Guard and tested for switchover & failover. 
 RMAN Backup and recovery (HOT & COLD Backup) 

 Manual cloning and Duplicate Cloning. 

 

 

Successfully completed BCA (Computer Application) with Aggregate 63.54% in the year 2014. 

 

 

Date of birth 17
th

 May 1994. 

Language known           English, Marathi, Hindi 

Contacts Mob.no. : +91- 7058088910 

Email : nirmalyogesh2014@gmail.com 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above written information is true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 
 

 

 

 

 

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

DECLARATION 

mailto:nirmalyogesh2014@gmail.com


                           

 

 

 


