












































RESUME

	

	

	


RESUME
	RAJ KISHORE SAHOO

B.COM, ICWA                                                   E-mail: rk_sahoo2@rediffmail.com
Mob:9711334725                                                                  sahooraj55@gmail.com                                           


	Presently associated with Al-Suwaidi Industrial Services Co. Ltd., Saudi Arabia, Company engaged in the activities of providing Industrial support services to premier companies like ARAMCO, SABIC engaged in Oil, Gas and energy sectors. Company having omni presence in Saudi Arabia across the country with workforce of around 12,000 employees.


	01.Al-Suwaidi Industrial Services: Sr. Executive(Banking) & GL Head - Finance & Accounts


Key Deliverables:
Letter of credit operational activities 
Letter of Guarantee operational activities (Supplier’s BG and Customer’s BG)
Foreign Exchange forward Contract management

Short Term Loan arrangement as per Islamic Finance

Complete control over Banking operations
Liasoning with Banks and financial institutions.
All types of Insurance management

Complete control over GL activities


Formulate and implement sound processes and control systems in line with corporate policies to bring efficiency in the overall operation of the organization.
Preparation of Financial Forecast.
Preparation Quarterly and Annual Accounts and its Finalization. 
Cash Flow Projections for future months and analysis of spending done in the past months.
Estimation of Working Capital Requirement.
Comprehensive analytical Review, Profitability Analysis.
Processing and control of expenses bills.
Analyzing and computing Foreign Exchange fluctuations (Gains/Losses) and its accounting.
Cash planning and fund management. 
Forecasting and preparation of the budget/ financial and operating plans in coordination with other departments.
Keeping track of Accounts Payable and Receivables. 
Ensure that all accounting records are maintained and updated on daily basis with all necessary documentation.
Finalization of monthly financial statements in accordance with Indian GAAP, including preparing schedule of expenses, provisioning, accruals, prepaid etc.
Financial analysis (variance and ratios) of monthly financial statements.
Finalization of annual financial statements in accordance with applicable Accounting Standards.
To coordinate with the auditors (internal and statutory) and effective resolution of the issues raised by them.
To ensure that inter-company reconciliation is done on monthly basis.
Voluminous Account Reconciliations
Lead a team of professionals.
All types of MIS reporting as per the needs of the management.
	02.Unipatch Rubber Ltd (Khemka Group of Companies): AGM-Finance & Accounts
Period: Jan’2007 to Oct’ 2010


Banking Finance Operations

Day to day Working capital management 

Long term & short term Fund management

Dealing & negotiation with Bankers for various Loan Facility, Import Export Activity and L/C Opening, Hedging, CMA data preparation, renewal & revise of Limits, Bank Guarantee Preparation etc.

Fixed Asset Control

Asset Management in SAP
Capitalisation, Decapitalisation, Depreciation Run
New Project construction Management 
Creditors Control(AP)
Vendor Controlling & Disbursement in SAP 
Material Accounting in SAP (MIGO/MIRO) 

Import & export Accounting
Payroll Management: Salary Disbursement, PF, ESI, Gratuity, EDLI etc.

Balance Sheet & Auditing
Year end closing activities in SAP

Costing Run in SAP for Inventory valuation

Physical Inventory Loading in SAP & Accounting
Excise Reconciliation with RG23

Independently Audit Books of Accounts with statutory Auditors E&Y (S.R. Batliboi & Co.) 

Tax Audit 
Direct Tax & Indirect Tax
Corporate Tax & Individual Tax Computation & MAT

TDS Payment & Returns

Income Tax Assessment proceeding

Transfer Pricing Study
Service Tax Payment & Returns

Custom Duty Payment

MIS
Pricing of the finished product 

Profitability Analysis on Monthly basis

Preparation of MIS reports & Budgeting

Analysis of variations for better profitability 

Safeguarding the management interest in various field relates to finance concern

Problem resolving, up gradation & Configuration in SAP 

Preparation of Financials periodically
Handling a team of 15 persons across India
ROC
Minutes Books writing & resolutions preparations
ROC Annual Return Filing, & AGM Proceeding
Appointment of Director, MD & Remuneration revision

	03.ABC MANAGCONS PVT LTD:  Manager Accounts & Taxation 

Period: January’2004 to December’2006


	04.A.S.GUPTA&CO., Chartered Accountants: Senior Audit Assistant

Period: January’2003 to November’2003


	05.IOCL,Kolkata :Industrial Trainee in Capital Asset Section 

 Period: November’2001 to November’2002 


	PERSONAL DETAILS :


Date of Birth  

 
: 3rd February 1975

Father’s Name


: Bata Krushna Sahoo 

Marital Status


: Married

Educational Qualification

: B.Com from Utkal University in the year of 1995.

Professional Qualification
:ICWA from The Institute of Cost Accountants of India,          Kolkata in June 2003   
Computer Exposure
:
MS-Office  
  SAP FICO Module & MM Module (Version-ECC 6.0)
  JDE Oracle            

  Financial Accounting Package Tally 7.2 version

Salary Expectation

: Negotiable

In view of the above mentioned information I would be highly obliged if I will get a chance to prove my experience in your esteemed organization.

Place: New Delhi





(Raj Kishore Sahoo)

