










































 PAYAL CHAUHAN 
 

Contact: (+91) 9571103706 
Email: 94payalchauhan@gmail.com 

 

A proactive and fast learning individual seeking an opportunity to work while utilizing 
analytical & Business Intelligence skills and relevant expertise to help the 
company achieve business goals while sticking to vision, mission and values 
 

GRADUATION 
 

Malaviya National Institute of Technology July, 2011 – May, 2015 
Jaipur, Rajasthan  
B.Tech. in Information Technology  
Overall CGPA: 7.86 (out of 10) 
 
  

PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE & OTHER SKILLS 
 
Languages: TSQL,Python,R, DATA STRUCTURE & Algorithms 
 
 
Other Tools used: MS-SQL Server 2012/2014,SSIS,SSRS,SSAS, 
Visual    Studio, Tableau,  
 
Web Designing Language-PHP,CSS HTML, JSP, Servlets 
 
Other Skills: Data Analytics,MS Word, MS Excel, MS Powerpoint 
 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE(3.5 years) 
 
Software Engineer      June,2015 –Nov 2017 
NAV IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd 
Database Development Team 
 
Database Developer     Dec 2017 – Till Date 
Pine Labs Pvt. Ltd 

 
 
Current responsibilities and relevant experience: 
 
Created and scheduled sql server jobs for automating the processes. 
 
Designed the data architecture, created data lakes to embrace the existing history 
data and also to suffice the need to process the transactional data for a financial 
domain project and then pipeline the data to the destination. 
 
Splitting of large database into multiple and migrating the structure along with the 
data migration. 

mailto:94payalchauhan@gmail.com


 
Extracted data using SSIS packages (ETL) from different server locations and 
data sources. 
 
Experience in ETL Development, Cleansing, Data Integration and Deployment 
of SSIS packages 
 
Designed SSIS Packages for risk Dashboard to extract data from various data 
sources (SQL Server, Excel Spreadsheet, Flat Files etc) and loaded the data into 
destination data sources by performing different kinds of transformations. 
 
Used various SSIS tasks such as Conditional Split, Derived Column etc, which did 
Data Scrubbing, including data validation checks during Staging, before loading the 
data into the Data warehouse 
 
Development of the business logic for the client `s portfolio Dashboards and 
reports using complex SQLs using Joins,Subqueries and Distributed Queries. 
 
Automated the client Database setup for every new client in the system and 
Implemented the code through Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions, 
Indexes, Tables, SQL XML code. 
 

Implemented the Data partitioning from scratch of heavy transaction tables. 
 
Responsible for performance tuning and Optimization of existing stored 
procedures using Dynamic Management Views and SQL Server profiler. 
 
Development of Master Data Management to synchronize all the applications and 
changed the database design,implemented Identity Store,User Data 
Types(UDT`s),alter tables  and code to fetch the data from push and pull. 

 

Designing & Managing basic Tablix Reports, Drill-through reports using 
SSRS for monitoring the employees activities,active and inactive computer 
time,application name,Website URL. 
 
Implemented the cube setup (blank cube generation) for enabling the 
DataWarehouse on the client`s DB. 
 
 

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE AND PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN 
 
 

 

1. Employee Track Time System                                               Industrial Training 

 
Implemented modules of an application based on online Employee Time 
tracking system using JSP Servlets. Worked on IDE of Eclipse and followed 
the SDLC principles. 

 
Languages Used: JSP,Servlets  
Company: Monsoon Varsity,Jaipur 

 



 
 
 
 
AREAS OF INTEREST 

 

Data Structures and Algorithms 
Database Management Systems  
Computer programming 
 
 

 
 
 
 
ACADEMIA 
  
  

XII (CBSE) 2011 
K.V.No.1,Jaipur  
Percentage : 81%  

X(CBSE) 2009 
K.V.No.1,Jaipur  
Percentage : 90%  

 
Payal Chauhan 

 


