






































Komal Mishra 
 
Sanskruti 1, B Wing,  Flat No 702, Mira Road east, Thane 401107.  
 
Contact No : 8424970340 E-mail id​:komalomsingh@gmail.com 

 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
 
To excel as a professional & be a part of the team where I learn, deliver, grow & contribute to the 
organization’s growth and success. 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
9 years of work experience in Customer Operations. 
 
September 2007 -August 2013 Tech Mahindra Business Services 
September 2014 -1st February 2018 Tech Mahindra Business Services 
 
 
Customer Relationship Advisor - Customer Care/Retention 
 
Job responsibilities 
 

▪ Handling calls of UK customers and helping them with their queries. 
▪ Handling calls of UK customers and selling them mobile contracts over the phone. 
▪ Retaining customers who come to cancel their contract.  
▪ Helping colleagues by monitoring their performances and manning the team.  

 
Key Achievements 
 

1 Awarded as MEX advisor 7 times. 
2 Awarded as Best Advisor for delivering and meeting consistently targets on Customer 

service sector and Commercials. 
3 Written appreciations from Senior Management Team for over achieving the targets. 
4 Has been picked up for Mentoring the team many times in the absence of Team Leader.  

 
 

 
Professional Profile 

▪ Highly organized and dedicated with a positive attitude.  
▪ Excellent written oral and interpersonal communication skills.  
▪ Self-motivated. 
▪ Ready to accept professional challenges 

 

 

 



 

 

ACADEMIC PROFILE 

Degree Board Year 

H.S.C Mumbai University 2001 

S.S.C Mumbai University 1999 

 

Hobbies: 

▪ Listening to Music. 
▪ Watching movies. 
▪ Reading Books. 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS  
 
Date of Birth: ​26​th​ August 1982 
 
Father’s Name: ​Mr. Om Prakash Singh 
 
Nationality:​ Indian 
 
Languages Known:​ English, Hindi  & Marathi 
 
 
I hereby declare that all the information furnished here is true to the best of my knowledge and 
belief. I assure you to serve my best in your organization. 
 
 
Place: Mumbai Komal Mishra. 


