






































http://bit.ly/infoworld


EMILY PHILIP 
7045378584,  emilyphilip19@gmail.com

C/4, Gurumukh sty, near birla college, Kalyan(w) Maharashtra , India

Profile Summary

            Experienced HR professional with over 5 years of expertise in managing full spectrum human
resources programs, services and functions. 

           Strong knowledge of Talent Acquisition and Talent Management

                                                                   Objective

To take up challenging professional career in Human Resources and keep learning at every step in
order to deliver effective results.

HR Generalist Affairs

HRMS Database Management

HR Skills
Staff Recruitment & Retention

New Joiner Engagement

Orientation & On-Boarding

Employee Engagement 

Work Experience

Organization-eClinicalworks Pvt Ltd 
Duration 18th June 2013 till date

Designation-HR Executive

Organization-Inventurus Knowledge Solutions
Duration 23rd June2009 to 1st Aug 2010

Designation-Sr Associate (US Healthcare data processing)

Organization-Gebbs Healthcare Ltd
Duration 23rd May 2006 to 20th June 2009

Designation-Associate (US Healthcare data processing)

mailto:emilyphilip19@gmail.com


Current Organization-eClinicalworks Pvt Ltd 
            Designation-Hr Executive

             JOB Profile:-  Talent Acquisition

 Talent Acquitsiton  
 Hands on experience on Lateral , Support and Bulk hiring.
 Identify current and prospective staffing requirements , prepare and post notices and 

advertisements, collect and screen applicants.
 Advice job applicants on employment requirements and terms and conditions of employment.
 Review candidates inventories and contact potential applicants to arrange interviews and 

transfers , redeployment and placement of personnel.
 Recruit graduates of colleges , universities and other educational institutions and also 

outstation recruitment's. 
 Responsible  for  end-to-end  delivery  of  the  executive  search  assignment.  Identification,

interview and evaluation of potential candidates.
 Involved in End-to-End Recruitment life Cycle process, Requirement analysis, Possess strong

technical  /  business  acumen  and  understanding  of  requirements;  experience  in  sourcing
excellent candidate & assessment skills. 

 Preparing  Job  Description-Mapping  down  position  specific  competencies  and  KRAs  in
consultation with the client.

 Review resumes and credentials for appropriateness of skills, experience and knowledge in
relation to position requirements.

 Created Job Description/Job profiling for unique roles in the various functions.
 Regular client interaction for feedback and escalations

 Other Activites.  
 Designing desktop wallpaper on a weekly basis 
  SPOC for all employee referral quires and greviences
 Introducing the new hires to the referral programs 
 Actively involved in conducting monthly & bi weekly employee engagement activities (Like 

one minute games,festival celebration, birthday & anniversary celebrations etc.)

 Responsible for designing Posters , Banners, Pamplets , Standees etc 

 Achievements at eClinicalworks.  
 Awarded Pillar Award & All Star award
 Receieved lot of Appreciation emails for closing requirements through Direct sources

(Naukri, Monster, Linkedin, Timesjob, Networking)



Qualification:
2010- 2012   MBA (HR and Marketing)   GJU University                         Distinction 

2003-2006    BCom                                    Mumbai University                  1st Class

2002-2003    HSC                                       Mumbai University                     1st Class          

Projects Undertaken:
HR Intern in Percept LTD
Duration: OCT 15th to Dec 15th 2011

Project Topic: “HR practices across PR industry”

BMCWS (Bombay Mothers Children Welfare Society)

Duration:-10 Days

Project Topic:-“Effective management of resources”

Skills:

Certificate holder in SAP module knowledge(HR, Finance, Marketing)

Extra curricular Activities:
NCC B grade certificate holder, Attended NIC camp in Nagaland

Languages Known:
English , Hindi , Marathi , Malayalam ,German

Other Details:
DOB-20/08/1985
Status-Married

Passport Number-K1897172  (date of  expiry 15/12/2021)
Nationality-Indian


