




















































K.L.Jyothirmai
House No: 2-2-124/142, Venkateswara Enclave,Old Alwal.Hyderabad-500010.
 | +91-8886459716 | lally.jyothi@gmail.com |
Objective	
                To work in a professional environment where I can contribute myself and enrich my skills according to the latest technologies and to work towards achieving the organizational goals.
Technical Skills
Technologies 				:	ASP.NET, Python,C#,ADO.NET 									HTML, JavaScript 
Database				:	MY SQL, SQL Server.
Operating Systems			:	Windows – XP, 7,8,10.
Education
	Course
	Institution
	Marks
	Year

	B.Tech
(Computer Science Engineering)
	St. Ann’s College of Engineering &Technology, Chirala, Andhra Pradesh
	71.3%
	2015

	Intermediate
(MPC)
	Sri Sai  Junior College, Bapatla, Andhra Pradesh
	83.6%
	2011


	SSC
	Shivam Merits School, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh
	81%
	2008


Experience	
· Having  one Year experience in DevmenIt as a trainer in Asp.net and windows mobile apps.
· Having Ten months experience in Coresonant Systems Pvt. Ltd. As Associate Software Developer in Python and ASP.NET
Projects Involved
Project#1
	Project Name   :   Fernandez Hospital.
Domain   :   Asset Tracking.
Client   :   Fernandez.
Team Size  :   4
Duration   :   4 Months
Status   :   On production.
  
· The main purpose of this application is tracking the assets by using RFID tags.
· Each asset contains Tag with basic information. We can read that tag value by using HHT (Handheld Terminal) Device. 
· Each Department in the Hospital Contains Individual Assets they can exchange their assets based on requirements and they can sold out or they can send it for repair. Complete movement of the asset will be maintained and also will send Mail to particular department head and Admin.
Environment: Python, Windows forms, and MYSQL.
Roles and Responsibilities: 
· Security Aspects.
· Easy way of identification.

Project#2
 
Project Name   :   NRL
Domain   :   Warehouse Management
Client   :   NRL, Assam.
Team Size   :   4
Duration   :   3 Months
Status   :   On production.
  
· The main purpose of the application is tracking the production details and how much amount of goods they are producing how much they are placing for dispatch. How much amount they are dispatching it to their clients.
· Every production they will make it as pallet and keep it in their Bins. We need provide information like which bin is empty and how many places are available in each Zone.
· Everything will be recorded maintained by RFID tags placed on each bin and pallet.

Environment: ASP.NET, Windows forms, and MYSQL.
Roles and Responsibilities:
· Easy way of storing and Dispatching the material
· No need to maintain records by entering every time in to register or throw application.

Other Projects Involved:
· Worked on Novartis (Parking Management)
· And also worked on SQL Ways Wizard migration tool to import data from MYSQL to SAP HANA


	
	
	


DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above   particulars   are   true   to the best   of   my knowledge   and   belief.
Date:							
Place. Hyderabad	                                                                                                             K.L.Jyothirmai   
                                                                                                               
 										

Page 1
