













































                                            Curriculum Vitae

                                            Curriculum Vitae
Name: MANJUNATH.M                                                      

Address:  S/O Mallanna

                Ambika Nilaya, #1771,

                Sardharvallabha bai Patel Nagar,

                T.N.Pura main road, 

                Mysore-570028
                Karnataka.
Email:     manjurun@gmail.com
Mobile:   +91-9844104449                                                                                                              

Objective:
Intend to structure my growth in pace with the ever-changing corporate environment. Make learning curve to move in a linear fashion along with the growth of my functional skills coupled with overall personality development in order to face the challenging times ahead.
  Professional Experience:
Presently working as Senior Process Associate at iGATE Global Solutions Pvt Ltd, from   
November 5th 2009 up to till date 
Job profile 

Designation       : Senior Process Associate

Process             : Registered Savings Plan(RSP) , 

Team                 : Royal Bank of Canada

F & A 

General Ledger –till date:

 
To be a General Ledger Officer, Reconciling Debit and Credit entries. Ensure investigation has been done to the customer on time. Build and maintain key customer relations, resolving escalations, and ensure complete customer satisfaction.
Roles & Responsibilities

· Reconciling entries and ensure that it is balanced between GL accounts on time.

· Ensuring that the bank customer database is up to date for the current payment details.

· Involved in understanding the criticality of the issues, analyzing and solving them on time and meeting the SLA as per the client requirement.

· Worked on the Citrix applications, Oracle, Siebel, IRIS, Application Lunch Pad and IBM ON Demand at iGATE.

· Ensuring that GL account is balanced without any outstanding entries.

· Passing the journal entries from one account to another account to balance the client accounts.

· Involved in client interaction over the mails and phone, attend the conference calls when needed to resolve the issues with the Customer data base of different branches of three regions (Montreal, Toronto and Vancouver).

	    Course
	University/ Board
	Institution
	Year of  Passing
	Percentage

	    M.B.A


	Mangalore University
	SDM PG Centre for Management Studies & Research, Mangalore
	2009
	63%

	DEGREE
	Mysore

University


	Basudev Somani First Grade College, Mysore
	2007
	66%


Education Qualification:
Area of specialization:

BBM – Finance.
MBA – Finance.
PGDMM – Marketing.              

Technical Skills:
· Microsoft Office

· Senior Typewriting in English
Achievements- other than Curriculum:                                                                                                   
· Secured Rastrapati Award from Ex.President of India, K.R.Narayan in Scouting at National level.
· Secured 3rd place in state level karate competition.

· Represented State Level Athletic Meet.
· Active member of Rotaract Club of Mysore South-East, served as Community Service Director, Joint Secretary, Secretary.           
Project Undertaken:
· Conducted District level Handwriting and Painting Competition for School Children.
· Actively Participated in many of the Social Service Activities such as Blood Donation          Campaign, AIDS Awareness Campaign.
· Visited Infosys on an Industrial Tour.
Co-curricular Activities

· Participated in a National level management fest “Verve- 08” organized by Aloysius Institute of Business Administration, Mangalore.

· Participated in a National level management fest “Verve- 09” organized by Aloysius Institute of Business Administration, Mangalore.

· Participated in a National level management fest “Finacle- 08” organized by Manipal Institute of Business Administration, Mangalore and secured overall championship.
· Participated in a National level management fest “Kurukshetra- 09” organized by Manipal Institute of Business Administration, Mangalore and secured second place in business plan.
PERSONEL DETAILS:
Date of Birth

:
11th –October-1985             
Nationality


:
Indian.

Sex                                   
: 
Male.


Hobbies
                        :
reading sports magazines, singing.
Languages known                :          English, Kannada, Hindi, Tamil. 


Family Background              :          Father- Karnataka State Police
                                                         Mother- Home Maker



                        Sister – Working at Thirumala Education Trust


 I declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge

 Place: Mysore                                                                                     Manjunath.M
 Date: 
