




















































CURRICULUM VITAE
                                                
Bharath Kumar S A
#24/1,7th main,
K B Nagar, Mysore road,  
Bangalore – 560026
E-mail: bunty.apple4@gmail.com
Telephone: +919538002585



	Summary



Around 7 Years of experience in R2R,Having an experience in General ledger,inter company reconciliation and Project or service accouting.
Proficient in using SAP,Assure-net and MS office.
Expertise in G/L Postings and Month-End and Year end closing Process.
Performed Montly Reconciliation for Deferred revenue,Deferred Cost,Un-billed,Prepaid Expense,Loss Provision and Accured Liability accounts.
Perfomed Balance sheet review(BSR) on quarterly and Yearly basis.
Involved in Migration from Recon tool(ARTT) to Assure net.
Capable of learn and adopting new versions in a short span

  
	Academic Profile



Completed Bachelor of Business Management (BBM) from R C College of commerce and management with the percentage of 70%.(2009)


	Professional Experience



Company : Hewlett-Packard (May-2010 to Mar-2017)

Company:Dxc.tecnology(Prev. Hewlett Packard Enterprise) - (Apr-2017 to till date)

Designation: Sr. Business Analyst

Recognizing the revenue for the projects based on the forecast and planning.

Monitoring the system and manual Revenue Recognition Jobs with Reporting the Support Teams.

Single Point of contact for Record retention, External and Internal Audit activities.

Preparing & posting the necessary adjustment entries for Revenue accruals, deferrals and cost.

Monitoring Month End Close activities such as clearing BA fallouts, mass reversals, processing of recurring journal templates, depreciation entries.

Performing the reconciliations between in the systems to check whether all the transactions are flown successfully or not, to get the rite impact in Company Records.
Performing Trintech reconciliations for the Balance Sheet Accounts on monthly basis with accordance to the AFM requirements through Assure net tool.

Preparing and Monitoring the Amortization schedules for short & long term projects.

Subject Matter expert (SME) of the team and Training new team members.

Designation: Sr. Team Lead

To ensure accurate and on time reporting of Volumes, KPI’s and other management reporting.

Prepare team for audit readiness & ensure there is no Non conformity in audits.

Ensured effective BCP planning for the team without effecting the day to day production work.

Ensured effective production planning and back up planning on a monthly basis.

Document any change in process & get it approved via change control process.

Regular communication with Country Controllerships and Financial Analysts in regards to the analysis of the process issues and queries.

Pro-active communication of issues to our front end and customers.

Ensured the metrics meeting conducted monthly, monitoring IE daily and track the leaves of the team members.

Planned and implementation of the cross process training on activities and process across team members.

Review and approve the account reconciliations prepared by the team as per AFM.


Designation: Business Analyst/ Sr. Associate

Validate & analyzing the financial risk and business risk within the Month end closes.

Responsible for performing EEM(Employee Expense Manangement) Travel expense Management recons for our APJ region and clearing fallouts and managing Queries associated with it.
Responsible for performing reconciliations intercompany transaction on a weekly basis (called eQuate) and clearing the fallouts associated with the same

Responsibele for performing ICAB(Inter Company Automated Billing) wherein inter company invoicing ,AR and AP transactions will get generated in SAP platform without depending on other tool.
 
Responsible for performing BSR( Balances sheet review) analysis for un billed and deferral accounts(Both Cost and revenue) for controllership reporting.
      
Performing the Entity Specific Activities like Labor bookings for Intra-corporate & Inter Company journals being a Single Point of Contact for the activity.

Single point of contact for handling all Service Central cases assigned to team ensuring working on it and closing the cases and maintained green for all the months.

Co-ordinate with other regions to share best practices, communicates issues, adopt and implement best practices.

Ensure accurate and on time updating of process specific dashboards, MEC dashboard, handle MEC calls and provide the updates to the customers on a timely basis.
                
  

        Key Achievements and Initiatives:

 Took up a kaizen project Impounding of Quarterly balance sheet review which was consuming 90 hours of our  manual efforts(124 accounts) by getting in touch with steering committee members and found out an alternative way of proving the details(aging report) to country controllership of entire Asia Pacific entities to their analysis and reporting.
Have been recognized by Performance Awards for Accuracy of the Process through Customer Satisfaction and Performance.

Was with Escalatable core team and cleared High dollar risk values which were high risk to company for various entities and kept the accounts clean.

Main Spoc for assurenet tool testing before it implemented in production.

Main Spoc for ICAB(Inter company automated Billing) for Asia Pacific and Japan region.

Positive Grade for performance from 2010 to till date.

            
	Passport and Visas



· Possess the Indian Passport.

   
	Technical Knowledge


         
· Proficient in MS office and in Accounting tools like SAP,Assure net,Equate and Polaris.
   

	Personal Information 



Name                	              : Bharath Kumar S A
Date of Birth       	: 24th January 1989
Nationality 		: Indian
Language Abilities 	: English, Hindi, Kannada, Telgu and Tamil.


	Declaration



· 	I hereby declare that the Information given above is true according to my Knowledge.

                                                                                                                                               

              Date:                                                                                                                                               Bharath Kumar S A

								

