













HR Generalist Resume









Mrunal Shah
#A-211, Rajani Ashish Appt., Nr. VIBYGOR School, Nr. Kundanhalli Gate, Thubarahalli 
  Bangalore 560066
 Handphone +91 96633-13385  Res. +91 93428-45303  Email - iamnaught.shah@gmail.com, mrunalshah81@gmail.com



Synopsis
Currently employed with DELL International Services, Bangalore from Feb 2004 till date. Currently working as Senior Operation Analyst (WFM LEAD) managing Tech Support process to drive productivity and cost spread over within India.

Skills
-People management
-Forecasting, Planning & Scheduling
-Workforce management skills
-Call center Tools (CMS Avaya)
-Interpersonal skills
-Mentoring New Hires
-Data interpretation
-Orientation & On-Boarding
-Time Management
-Sound knowledge on MS Excel, Word & PowerPoint
Professional Experience
Organization
PERIOD
Designation
Responsibilities

FROM
TO



Dell International Services (DIS)












JAN 11








Mar 09










Sept 06








FEB 04




Till Date







DEC 10










Feb 09








Aug 06


Call Center Operation Lead
(WFM Lead)







PArtner management









CCO Specialist








Manager on Duty (MOD)

	Managing UKI & CANADA TS process which involves HC Forecast (approx. 800 HC) to deliver reasonable Service Level
	Lead a team of analyst which involves agents roster & drive business efficiency
	Early Warning System to flag any upcoming risks to the business
	CCO branding project



	Handled Partner Network which is spread over two sites within India
	Planning the Headcount and Capacity required to meet the call volume and desired Service Levels

Governance processes – Daily, weekly and monthly reviews with the partner
	FTE transition from one client to another to manage cost


	Worked as workforce specialist to support the business to achieve productivity goals
	Report Automation – Hourly flashes to the floor.

Monthly/ Daily/ Weekly/ Intraday reporting
	Mentor new additions to the team to scale them up for the role




	Real time queue management
	Analyze historical patterns and manage staffing
	Co-ordination with various depts. like transport facilities, WFM for smooth operation
	Liaise between the operations floor and the workforce team to achieve intraday goals

Publishing intraday reports


WFM Lead 										Jan 2011 – Till Date
Lead a team of Analyst supporting approx. 800 headcount spread across multiple LOB’s between EMEA & Canada. 
Work closely with Business Ops & Finance analyst to achieve desired result benefitting Customers. 
Key Achievements:
Ensured successful ramp up of business assignments; ensuring effective service deliverables
	Linkage between Operations & IT teams across India to coordinate application releases & rollout across  all LOB’s
	Handled off hours & BCRP situation changes on IVR, scripting & routing calls through Global WFM
	Maintained views, database accuracy for accurate reporting to Global DL’s
	Simplification of process by Queue consolidation & reduction of skills
	Zero attrition in past 1 year

Vendor Management 								      March 2009 - DEC 2010
Leading the partners on productivity related goals for DELL catered to OSP sites located at different location to manage capacity which results better Customer Experience. 
Worked with Senior Management to develop processes within & outside DELL to achieve desired results.
Key Achievements:
Pivotal role in ensuring a successful launch of new SITE/QUEUE. Structured and implemented programs areas of training partners WFM, tools required, telecom & call routing process and reporting.
	Vital role in ensuring financial goals are met in line with DELL requirement through call routing team.
	Governance mechanism through “Early Warning System” to ensure SL, Call Capacity, Headcount, Productivity assumptions are as per DELL standards.
	Managed partner sites to the best during DELL crises situations (during any BCRP)
	Standardized partner invoicing process from WFM perspective.
	Ensured bonus/penalty is measured accurately through recordkeeping.

Contact Center Operation Specialist						       Sept 2006 - Feb2009

Worked at Workforce specialist for almost 30 months in which supported US & UK customers through Forecasting & Outlook process which thrived “Customer Experience”.
Key Achievements:
Developed skills on complex call center metric modeling for better utilization and effective control.
	Headcount management process helped as guidance to Business for call capacity, track attritions & Finance to outlook the cost and also to determine seat utilization for Capacity Planner.
	Enhanced problem solving skills through active participation in Business projects: -
	Absenteeism reduction project which helped to drive right employee behavior.
	Standardized agent roster process which helped to boost employee morale and optimize floor resources.
	Creative and cost-effective incentive plan during festivals season which helped business to manage burst capacity (including special events and a RnR structure) that increased employee satisfaction and productivity.
	Improved people managerial skills through mentorship programs which helped new hire within team to scale up and meet business needs.
	Intraday Report automation – Hourly flash to floor on productivity metrics to ensure goals are met at every interval.
Education
THE Maharaja sayajirao university (MSU) — Vadodara, Gujarat
Bachelor of Commerce, 2001-02
Basics in Computer (MS office) from MSU


Personal Details
Date of Birth 		– 2nd Aug 1981
Father Name 		– Dinesh H. Shah
Marital Status 		– Married

