















































R E S U M E 
 

Mr. Sunil Sudam Anavkar      
401,Mirra Residency,  

Aurobindo colony, Miyapur 

RR Disrtict, Hyderabad 

Telangana, 500090 

India. 

 
 

Contact  No. : +91 7674934342           Email- sunanavkar@gmail.com 
 

Career Objective:  

To work at the position of Analytical scientist and utilize my analytical skills and 

knowledge in chemistry to assist the organization in conducting successful research 

programs. 

Aspiring to build a successful career in the field of Pharmaceuticals where I can 

enhance my strengths and push myself to achieve my ambition on the basis of my skill, 

hard work and perseverance. 

I intend to contribute towards the growth and prosperity of organisation as I sharpen 

myself simultaneously.  

Professional Experience: 

 About 6.4 years of experience in Analytical research and development. 

 Presently working as Analytical Scientist at Dr. Reddys laboratories limited, 
Hyderabad,  from january 2014 till date. Dr Reddys laboratories is a big generic 

pharmaceutical organization in world. Working in Research and development 

department. 

 Before that worked as a Research Analyst (Analytical R&D) at USV Limited, 

Mumbai  from May-2011 to December-2013. 

 Largest team size handled is 4+ 

ASSETS: 

 Aptitude to learn new things and quicker adaptation to the environment. 

  Having experience in API Projects from product selection to DMF Filing. 

 Experienced in HPLC, GC, UPLC method development, method validations. 

 Stability studies for new drugs 

 Expertise on instrumental techniques and conventional wet techniques. 



 Having experience for High potent drugs (Oncology) 

  Time management, task management and decision making abilities. 

 Good communication and Good documentation practices. 

 

 JOB RESPONSIBUILITIES:  

Method development: 

 Related substances and Assay methods development for drug substances, 

intermediates and key starting materials by HPLC, UPLC and GC. 

 High sensitive methods for Genotoxic impurities quantification (GTIs) by HPLC, 

UPLC and GC. 

 Residual solvents quantification methods by GC. 

 Chemical content methods by using auto titrators and manual titrations.  

 LCMS compatible method development for drug substances, intermediates and key 

starting materials. 

 Specificity studies for drug sustances (Forced degradation studies). 

Method validations: 

Responsible for preparation of Analytical method validation protocols, validation 

experimentation and Report preparations for, 

 Related substances and Assay methods by HPLC. 

 Forced degradation studies. 

 Residual solvents by GC. 

 Chemical content methods by instruental and Chemical methods. 

 Cleaning method validations for drug substances, intermediates and key starting 

materials. 

 Abscence studies for impurities (cut-off sudies). 

 Water content validations. 

 Carrying out method validation at GMP sites. 

Stability studies: 

 Responsible for execution of stability studies. 

 Stability data review and compilation. 

Analytical support for Chemical research: 

 Experienced in investigation of any process and analytical failures in laboratory and 

plant. 



 Spike/purge and fate studies for finalization of the specifications for KSMs, 

intermediates and final API. 

 Analytical support for GMP Batches production in pilot plant and commercial 

plant. 

 Routine analytical support for process labs. 

 Good knowledge about ELN(Electronic lab notebook) in ARD, Releasing of 

analytical results through ELN. 

Other analytical activities: 

 Calibration of instruments like HPLC, GC, KF Titrator, IR and other laboratory 

equipments. 

 Qualification of standards. 

 Preparation of COAs and ROAs. 

 Preparation of STP's. 

 Response factors establishment. 

 Investigation reports preparations. 

Extra Activities: 

Responsible for giving training for new joinees and trainees (Departmental SOPs, 

guidelines, analyst qualifications.etc.) 

 

 INSTRUMENTS HANDLED:  

 HPLC (Waters and Agilent) with UV, PDA and RID (Software: Empower3). 

 UPLC (waters) (Software: Aquity). 

 GC:  Agilent 7890A,injector 7683B, Head space G1888. (Software: Empower). 

 Autotitrator: Metrohm. (Software: Tiamo) 

 KF Titrator: Metrohm.(Software: Tiamo). 

 IR:Perkin Elmer. 

 TGA : Perkin elmer, TA. 

 UV:Perkin Elmer. 

 SOR: Jasco. 

 ELN: Perkin elmer EN 12.8 (Electronic lab notebook) 

 

 

 



SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENTS & CONTRIBUTIONS  

 

 Awarded with appreciation award in 2017 for method devlopment and validation in 

shorter span of time. 

 Awarded with Appreciation awards at Dr. Reddys laboratories for devlopment and 

validations for products in shorter span of time in 2016. 

 Significant contribution in the analysis with zero repeatition work, reporting of the 

documents with zero calculation errors by following good documentation practices. 

 Successfully exceucutions products at plant. 

 

INITIATIVES 

 Taken the responsibility of proper maintenance of HPLC and GC Columns. 

 Lab safety procedures for safe laboratory environment. 

    

Educational Qualification: 
 

 M.Sc. Analytical Chemistry  

 From University department of chemistry (autonomus), University of Mumbai, 

Secured higher second Class With  56.00% 

            Completion: April 2011 

 

 Graduation in Chemistry (B.Sc.) 

  from S.R.M. college, Sindhudurg, University of Mumbai, 

Secured First Class with 73.0%  

            Completion: April, 2009 

 

 H.S.C  

 from S.E.S. and Jr. College, Sindhudurg, Kolhapur Board, Maharashtra 

Secured first Class with 61.0% 

            Completion: March 2006 

 

 S.S.C  

 from S.E.S. and Jr. College, Sindhudurg, Kolhapur Board, Maharashtra 

Secured first Class with distinction 80.0% 

            Completion: March 2004 

  

 

 Technical Qualification: 

 MSC-IT (2007) 

 Office tools - MS-Office 



Personal Details : 
 

Father Name  : Mr. Sudam Vishnu Anavkar 
 

Date of Birth  : 20th  July 1988 
 

Gender   : Male 
 

Marital Status  : Single 
 

Languages Known :  English, Hindi, and Marathi. 
 

Hobbies :  Games, Reading, listening music, travelling. 
 

Strengths : Initiative, Teamwork, Decision making & Punctuality. 

Declaration: 

 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge 

and i bear responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. I shall be 

sincere in my efforts to pursue work for the betterment of the organization. 

 

Place:  

Date:       

(Sunil Anavkar) 


	ASSETS:

