













































RESUME


Mr. Dipak V. Poptani                                                              
E-mail:mailto:deep.poptani@gmail.com     
Mobile: +919601125066                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   

 

Summary: 
 

 Completed BE in Information Technology from Gujarat Technological University, Gujarat 
 Completed Diploma Engineering in Information Technology from Gujarat Technological University, 

Gujarat  
 Was an Intern at TOPS Technologies Ltd., Surat [Jan 2014-July 2014] 
 Having 6 months of experience(as an intern) in development using Java in TOPS Technology 
 Having 3 months experience in Harikrishna Diamond Exports Mumbai 
 Having 1 year and 3 months experience in Agami-Tech Pvt Ltd Surat From March-2016 
 Currently working with EProcurement Pvt Ltd Ahmedabad from June-2017 
 Proficient in Java, C, C++ 
 Hands on experience on Java 
 Familiar with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Spring, Hibernate 

Career Objective: 
 

I would like to be a part of a growing organization where I could use and enhance my knowledge and skill 
for the development of both the organization and myself. 
 

Academic Profile: 

 

Year Degree/Exam Institute/University CGPA/Marks 

2012-2015 BE(IT) Shantilal Shah Engineering College, Bhavnagar 6.93 

2009-2012 Diploma(IT) Govt.     Om shanti diploma engineering college,Rajkot 
 

8.28 

2005 Secondary Vavadiya K. V. Vidyamandir, Amreli(GSHEB) 63.29% 

 

Work Experience 

 
 E Procurement Pvt Ltd [June-2017 – To Present] 

Project: Auction Tiger (EProc) 
 

 Agami-Tech Pvt Ltd [March-2016 –June-2017] Surat. 
Project: Aniceya,HelpInbox(Online Ticket System) 
 

 Harikrishna Diamond Exports-Mumbai[August 2015-October-2015] as Java Developer 
Project: diamond Show 
 

 Intern at TOPS Technologies Ltd., Surat [Jan 2014-July 2014] 
Project: Medical Help Locator and Appointment Scheduler 

 
 
Project Title:-Diamond Show 
Description:-  
This project useful for diamond shows which is arranged by company, by diamond association. For 
sale diamonds.  
It is based on issue and return diamonds to the customer and maintain stock. 
In which stock is issue to salesperson who is governs by company and with name of sale person, 
customer name, table number, diamond tray number with RFID or Packet ID. Then sales person can 
issue stone to the customer with delivery address. Sales person or authenticated person can track 

mailto:deep.poptani@gmail.com


stone and aware about current status of stone that it is issue to any person, sold or current in which 
table number so other sale person can order for other customer if require. 
At the end of day authenticated person can generate report and tally the stock. 
 
Technologies Used:- Jsp, Servlet, MS Access 

Skills & Interests: 
 

Programming/Scripting Language (Proficient): C, C++, Java(Core Java, JSP,Servlet,Hibernate) 
Web Technologies: ASP.NET, PHP,CSS, HTML, Java Script, Jquery 
Other Tools and Technologies: Net Beans, Eclipse,Dream Viewer, Visual Studio-2005/2008,SQL server-
2005 
Operating System: Windows and Ubntu 
Area of Interests: Object Oriented System, Operating system, Data Structure and Algorithm 
 
 Projects:  

 
BE Projects: 
Medical Help Locator and Appointment Scheduler 
It is based on managing the clinic appointment online. It provides web interface support for booking 
appointment online. In which patient have to register in website with name, address, email id and choose 
password. Patient can request for appointment to the doctor’s without visit clinic with own fair time and also 
cancel it and for doctors, no need to develop personal system for manages their patient queue and records 
of patients. It is costly and time consuming for doctors to develop personal system. 
Technologies Used:  JSP, Servlet, Hibernate  
Role:  Development of whole project 
  

Diploma Projects: 
Students Guide 
It was web application, useful for students. Using this application, student can get latest materials for their 
respective course and syllabus. They can also collect information about competitive exams. In Student guide 
student can also upload their material which is help full to other 
 
Technologies used: ASP.NET, VB.NET 
Role: Development of complete project 
 

Online Cinema booking 
Using Online Cinema booking, user can book their ticket online. They can also check show time table with 
screen. User can see the available seats by chart of all screens so just one click on available seat and can book 
ticket. 
 
Technologies used: PHP 
Role: Development of complete project 

 
Hobbies & Interests                                      

 
Playing chess, cricket, playing video games, reading Books, traveling. 

 
Personal Information:   

 
Name: Dipak Vallabhbhai Poptani                                                                                 Permanent Address: 101,  
Gender: Male                                                                                                                          Apartment: A-46, 
Date of Berth: 13th October, 1989.                                                                                      OM township section-3, 
Linguistic ability: Gujarati, English, Hindi                                                                           Pasodara, Ta-Kamrej 
                                                                                                                                                   Surat, Gujarat-395006 



                     
Declaration: 

                                                                                                                                                           
  I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.     
                                                                                                                                                                       Dipak V. Poptani  


