







































Curriculum Vitae

Curriculum Vitae

                                                                                  

Mahesh D. Narvankar
                                                                                  

05, Sai-Siddhi Co-Op. Soc,                                                                                          

                                  



      

Pratap Nagar,

                                                                                              
Jogeshwari - Vikroli Link Road,

                                                                                              
Jogeshwari (E),

Mumbai - 400060.

                                                                                              
 2825 4356

 9920377580                                            

Personal Profile:

Name


:  Mahesh Deepak Narvankar.
Date of Birth

:  08th September 1983
Gender 
:  Male

Nationality

:  Indian

Religion

:  Hindu

Marital Status

:  Single
Languages Known
:  English, Hindi and Marathi

Email Address

:  mahesh_n8@yahoo.com, mahesh_narvankar@rediffmail.com 
Hobbies

:  Reading, Music
Educational Profile:


1) Appearing MBA in Finance (Sem-II) in the year 2011-14 from Chetana’s Collage in Mumbai.  

2) Cleared T.Y.B.Com in the year March 2009 with Second Class from Mumbai University.
3) Cleared HSC Exam in the year March 2005 with Second Class from Mumbai Board.

4) Cleared SSC Exam in the year March 1999 with First Class from Mumbai Board.
Other Qualifications:

1) Completed Six-months Computer course in M. S. Office + Internet

2) Completed Six-month Computer course in Web Page Designing [Adobe Photoshop

    5.0/6.0, HTML, Front Page, and Dream Weaver.]
 Software Knowledge:

Operating System:

Windows 95 & 98, Windows 2000, ME & XP

Applications: 

MS-Office 2000, MS-Office 2003 & Ms-Office 2007

Tally, Emperor (VB Package for Jewellery Companies)
Professional Experience:

1. Name of the Company: -  COMPUTER CENTRE 
Designation: -
           Office Assistant
      Period: - 

           From May 2001 to Oct. 2002
Nature of work: 

a. Drafting letters, Sending & receiving Emails, Keeping track of replay & 

future correspondence.

b. Keeping stock records in computer & Maintain Books of Accounts.

c. Receiving complaints from customers & giving feedback to the respective
Engineers.


   e.   Preparing Bills & receiving payments.  

2. Name of the Company: - KMG JEWELLERY (Andheri – Seepz)
          (MOHIT GROUP)
Designation: -
          Marketing Assistant
      Period: - 

          From Nov. 2002 till Sep. 2007.
                  Nature of work: 

a. Prepare Costing for providing information to Customer about Price 

Breakdowns.

b. Maintain effective communication with customer through sending & receiving 
Emails, providing information about new Designs catalogues, updating of 

Shipment date and keeping track of regarding all reply with Customers.

c. Coordinating with Production units for timely delivery Order of Customer.
Keeping customer informed of the progress of their orders and shipment dates

Week by week.

d. Analyzing orders receiving from customers.

e. Coordinating with export department about shipments of each customer.

3. Name of the Company: - MOHIT DIAMONDS PVT LTD. (Andheri – Seepz)
          (MOHIT GROUP)
Designation: -
          Marketing Assistant

      Period: - 

          From Sep. 2007 to Nov. 2009
    Nature of work: 

a. Prepare Costing for providing information to Customer about Price 

Breakdowns.

b. Maintain effective communication with customer through sending & receiving 

Emails, providing information about new Designs catalogues, updating of

Shipment date and keeping track of regarding all replay with Customers.

c. Coordinating with Production Units for timely delivery Order of Customers.
Keeping customer informed of the progress of their orders and shipment dates

Week by week.

d. Analyzing orders receiving from Customers.

e. Coordinating with export department about shipment of each customer.

f. Generate business reports such as Product wise, Customer wise. Analyzing 

Customer feedback and MIS report submit to Top Management for future

Planning of business.

g. Coordinating with accounts department for outstanding balance payment of

Customer and follow – up with customer.

4. Name of the Company: - Monelle Designs (Andheri – Seepz)

          (Jasani Group)
Designation: -
          Executive in Accounts & Pricing
      Period: - 

          From May 2010 to Till Date…
    Nature of work: 

A. Compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts, such as general ledger accounts and document business transactions.
B. Handling Bank account with PC & PCS and correspondence with Banks & Reconciliation of all bank accounts.
C. Prepare profit and loss statements and monthly closing accounting reports.
D. Handling day to day functioning of accounts department and maintaining the company’s accounts (Payments by cheque / cash).
E. Prepare and review revenue, expense, payroll entries, invoices, and other accounting documents.
F. Prepare Costing for providing information to Customer about Price Breakdowns.
     (Mahesh D. Narvankar.)
