














































Swathy Krishna 

Mail id:-90swathi@gmail.com , Mobile No: +919745635015 

 

 

Career Objective 

Looking for a challenging career which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of 

technical and analytical skills and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skill and 

knowledge. 

Professional Experience 

 Working with Feathersoft Info Solutions ,cochin since Oct-2014  to present  as Software 

Developer 

 Worked with Elioenai Technologies ,kochi from Sep-2013 to Oct 2014 as Programmer 

Trainee. 

Career Summary 

 4+ years of  experience in software development.  

 Work experiance in Angularjs and c# 

 Knowledge of Object Oriented Programming and SOLID concepts. 

 Experience in Agile Development Methodology 

Technical Skill Set 

Application Package: Microsoft Visual Studio, MS-SQL Server Management 

Programming and scripting Languages: C#, MS-SQL Server Management Studio,Angularjs. 

 

Key Project Undertaken   

 

1. Employer:- Feathersoft Info Solutions 

Client:-ePAY Health Care/HCA (Hospital Corporation of America) 

Description: Epay Healthcare is a healthcare payment company with expertise dating 

more than 20 years, With products designed explicitly for the healthcare space. 

 ePAY Healthcare is uniquely positioned to meet the needs of healthcare providers.  

 Specifically, our products address complexities such as HIPAA (Health Insurance 

Portability and Accountability Act) compliance and ability to pay on multiple accounts. 

mailto:90swathi@gmail.com


Our versatile solutions include: 

 Online Payments: patients to paying their balances online 

  Payment plans: achieve easy and dependable monthly payments with our automated 
recurring payments 

 Patient Eligibility:Check eligibility,copays and deductibles for the patients,And can also 
instantly process an early payment or automate recurring payments. 

Role:-Front End Developer ( AngularJs) 

Team size:25 

 

2. Employer -Feathersoft Info solutions 

Client: Shutterfly 

Description: An outsourced project from Clairvoyantsoft for managing shipment 

services. Through the application the imported files ( pdf/ csv)will be saved to the 

Database and vise versa. 

Duration: 6 months 

Team size: 5 

Role: Software Developer 

Responsibilities: Had to Interact with client for requirement gathering and coding. 

Technologies: VB.Net,ITextSharp,JQuery. 

 

3. Employer - Feathersoft Info solutions 

Client: Dealer Center 

Description: Billing Application which is the payment portal for dealer center. Portal 

enables users to view their bills, create and use payment profiles to make payments for 

the services they use. This application uses Authorize.net to handle payment transactions 

.Involved in creating payment profiles, making payment transactions and front end 

development 

Module: Billing Portal for Dealer Center 

Role: Software Developer 

Technologies: Dot Net MVC, Angularjs, Azure Table Storage 

Team size:5 

 

4. Employer- Elioenai Technologies 

Product: ECFMS 

Description: Elioenai Chit Fund Management System is a  web based software for Chit         

Management Companies.This software system is fully-web featured application. 



Software for managing different types of chitties, and Provides all accounting reports for 

a chitty company by entering primary transaction. The team provides the support for the 

product enhancements as per the customer requirements and resolves the issues at the 

earliest 

Technologies: JQuery , .Net MVC, SQL Server 2008 

Team size:10 

Duration:11 months. 

 

Academia  

 BE (Computer Science and Software Engineering) from VMKV Engineering College in 

the year 2012 

 +2 from Mount Carmel in the year 2008 

 10
th

 from MSHSS in the year 2006 

Personal Details  

 DOB: 04th Dec, 1989  

 Current Location: Kochi 

Declaration  

I here to be declare that the above-furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge.          

       (Swathy Krishna) 

 

 

 


