




























             RESUME

                              Curriculum Vitae

Gaurav Khanna   

#415/14 Guru Nanak Pura,

Gohana Stand, Rohtak,

Haryana-124001.

Email :gauravkhanna18@gmail.com.      Contact No: + 91-8447087665

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To utilize my skills in IT/ITes Organization thereby renders a fruitful growth to the

Organization as well as my professional career.                                         

worK experience:

‘Unicon Investment Solutions Ltd’, noida

         Software Engineer [Nov 2010-Till Date]

 Roles and Responsibilities: 

· Providing technical support to back office Oracle based software ‘LIDHA DIDHA’.

· Trouble shooting of environment related issues.

· End to end support of Database Management System.  

· Handling client queries and issues over the call.

· Report generation with ‘LIDHA DIDHA’.

· Handling client User ID creation and management.

COMPANY PROFILE: 

Unicon is a financial services company which has emerged as one-stop investment solutions provider .Unicon is a customer focused financial services organization providing a range of investment solutions to customers.

Educational Qualification:


Bachelor of Engineering: from “Vaish College of Engineering”, Rohtak affiliated to M.D. University, Rohtak in 2010 with 70% aggregate. 



XII: With First class (76%) from Shiksha Bharti Sr. Sec. School, Rohtak 

      Year of Passing: 2006



X: With second class (56%) from Shiksha Bharti Sr. Sec. School, Rohtak 

      Year of Passing: 2004

     

SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY:

         Languages                   :     C, C++, Core Java, Sql

         Operating Systems      :    Windows 98, 2000, XP, LINUX

         Software                       :    LIDHA DIDHA

         Database                       :    SQL Server, Oracle  

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN:

Customer Support System

Description: Have worked on the Project “Customer Care”. The project deals with     maintaining the customer relationships. In this there are different accounts for the manager, the engineers and the reception. The manager account can be used to manage all the aspects like engineers data, the jobs that have come to the customer care and assign jobs to the engineers as per requirement. The engineers can open their account and see and manage jobs assigned to them. The reception account does the job of receiving complaints of the customer via filling a form. Software for Customer Care was made in Core Java with Ms-Access as back -end.

Technology: Core Java                Platform: Windows XP              
Team size: 3

EXTRA CURRICULAR: 

1. Have won multiple prizes in debates and cultural activities at school level.

2. Represented College Cricket team at university sports meet. 

3. Participated in the “19th SENIOR BASEBALL CHAMPIONSHIP” held in         

            Tamilnadu and recieved national sports certificate.

4. Received first prize in inter college theatre competition. 

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name 
          :        Gaurav Khanna

Father’s Name 
          :        V.B. Khanna

Mother’s Name            :        Saroj Khanna

Marital status               :        Single

Born on                         :        21-10-1988

Nationality                    :        Indian

Languages known        :        Hindi, English

Alternate Email            :        gaurav.khanna20@yahoo.in

