















































       
 

 

 

 

 

Career Objective 

 

 
Career Objective 
 To aim for the opportunity to utilize my skills and abilities in the respective firm that offers professional growth 
while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 
 

Experience Summary  

 30 months of experience in Control M/Mainframe. 

 11 months of experience as consultant.  
 Skilled in activities relating to IBM TWS/OPC Job scheduling, Job control and Batch monitoring. 
 Highly skilled in activities relating to BMC Control-M scheduling, Job control and Batch monitoring. 
 Highly skilled in activities relating to Console monitoring and IPLs. 
 Have gained knowledge in JCL, Batch Job Scheduling, and Production Support.  

 Can adapt to new technologies quickly.  

 Have good communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Have good analytical and problem solving skills. 
 Have good documentation and presentational skills. 

 

Academic Qualification: 

Examination 
Discipline/ 

Specialization 
School/College Board/University 

Pass out 
Year 

% 

M.TECH 
Computer 

Science 
Engineering 

SRM SRM 2014 96 

B.E  
 

Information 
Technology 

Apeejay College of 
Engineering 

MDU University 2011 74.7 

H.S.C.C 
Computer 
Science & 

Maths Stream 
Kendriya Vidyalaya CBSE 2007 68.8 

S.S.L.C S.S.L.C Kendriya Vidyalaya CBSE 2005 73.4 

 

Computer Proficiency:  

Programming Languages C, C++, Basic Java 

Mainframes  
Tivoli Workload Scheduler / OPC, JCL, CICS, BMC 
Control - M 

Database Management Systems 
MS Access, ORACLE 11g (RDBMS), DB2 for Z/OS 
(Mainframe) 

Operating Systems 
Windows: 98 / 2000 / XP /vista / 7/ 8, UNIX: 
Redhat Enterprise Linux Open Client, 

 
Work Experience (Total – 41 months) 

(i) From February 11, 2015 to present: 
 Working for IBM India as a Sr. Operations Professional for the past 30 months. 
 Working knowledge on tools like IBM Tivoli Workload Scheduler (TWS)/OPC, BMC Control-M, 

Hardware Management Console (HMC), IBM Maximo, Netview. 
 Good knowledge of OPC Batch job monitoring, Console Monitoring, IPL. 
 

Vikas Kumar Singh 
Senior Operations professional 
IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 

Permanent Address: 
H.No. 902cd Shastri Colony,  
1st road, Mughalsarai 
PIN– 232101, Uttarpradesh, India. 
Contact No: +91 9176796142 
Personal Email: vikas917679@gmail.com 
 



 
 

As a System Adminstartor: 
My assignment includes in IBM India are with APMM, Sandvik, Wellpoint and SONY projects. I work as 
Operations professional. As an Operator, I support both batch and console for multiple regions for all the 
clients and we provide 24/7 support. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Identifying, resolving and escalating job failures, problems, application and system alerts that 
could impact the timely completion of batch schedules critical path and impact business. 

 24 * 7 support of Batch and console for multiple regions. 
 Trouble shooting for TWS/OPC batch Job abends and Console alerts. 
 Perform Bi-weekly IPLs and other maintenance related activities during the change window time. 
 Perform weekly switching of online applications to availability systems to ensure wellness of 

fallback system and test business continuity in place. 
 Performing other system operation tasks such as Started task recycle, CICS transaction disable or 

enable, etc. 
 Incident and Change Request Management via IBM Maximo tool. 
 Perform HMC functions during IPLs. 
 

(ii) From February 05, 2014 to January 24, 2015: 

 Worked for Sutherland Global Services under Service Delivery department for past 11 months. 
 Good knowledge of handling customers from different scenarios. 
 

As a Consultant: 
My first and last assignment in Sutherland Global Services is with Dell India project. As a Consultant, I support 
both In-bound and Out-bound process.  
 
Responsibilities: 

 Respond to Query/Complaint/Request from customers including follow-up and close looping 
(Voice). 

 Support includes (applicable to all processes/queues). 
 Internal mails from executives on behalf of customer. 
 Resolving logs received at Customer Service related to Oral Correspondence. 
 Coordination with resolution owners and sending final confirmation/acknowledgement to 

customers for forwarded logs (complaint/ request). 

 Retention Activity Online retention to be maintained by retaining customers who insist to cancel 
line by calling, sending an email. 

 Call back customers for identified cases if required to ensure complete customer satisfaction 
before closure of case.  

 Key operational deliverables will constitute: 
 

i) Provide higher first transaction resolution for all queries requests and complaints received. 
ii) Minimum repeat calls, mails from customers 
iii) Faster reply to customer calls with minimum turnaround time 
iv) Retain customers from voluntarily cancel requests      

 
 

 
 
 
 
 



 
 
Personal profile: 
 Name   : Vikas Kumar Singh 
 Father’s Name  : Upendra Kumar Singh 
 Sex   : Male 
 Date of Birth  : 08-01-1990 
 Martial Status  : Single 
 Nationality  : Indian 
 Hobbies  : Travelling and interacting with new people, 
 Languages Known : Speaking: English, Hindi Reading & Writing: English, Hindi 
 Mobile #  : +91 9176796142 

 
Declaration: 
 I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I 
bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Place: Chennai          
 

Date:           (Vikas Kumar Singh) 
  


