


















































	


Personal Information

Passport  No. :  
H4341868

Bahrain Driving License No.
770184618



Address :  
Bldg. No. 733, Road No.3628, 
Flat No.20, Block no.336, 
Adliya, Bahrain.

 	
Phone No.
	0973 35426569
	

WhatsApp Number
00973 36552409
	
 	
Email ID  ajeetvprabhu@gmail.com
ajitvprabhu@hotmail.com



Skype ID
Ajitvprabhu1


	
	A j e e t  P r a b h u 

Portfolio : https://ajeetvprabhu.wixsite.com/portfolio

	
	
	

	
	
	About Me

	
	
	
Presently, I am associated with Asgharali Company WLL as System Administrator / Executive-IT (Bahrain), one of the Best and well known Perfume Company and having their branches all over GCC Countries. I have total 3.5 years of working experience in GCC Country.  I have total 17.5 years of working experience. Previously
I had worked as Asst. Manager – IT (India-Goa) for Indoco Remedies Limited – Verna Goa Branch for almost 14 years.
I like to keep myself updated with new technologies and willing to learn new things. I have got extensive experience in my field and have the specific skills you are looking for. My passion for excellence is the quality that makes me the best person for the job.

	
	
	Education 

	
	
	Degree | Date Earned | School

Bachelor Degree in Political Science (3 years - 6 UNITS)
[Year 1997]
Goa University 

Course on Microsoft Office
 [Year 1998]
Fifthgen Systems – Computer Institutes

Diploma in Web Designing
[Year 2001]
Manipal Institute of Computer Education 

Diploma in Hardware Maintenance & Network Engineering
[Year 2005]
Manipal Institute of Computer Education 






	
	
	Employment

	


Achievements


[12th December 2016]
Completed the Fortive Program certificate on Anti-Bribery in Bahrain

[17th July 2013]
Completed GxP Training program on ERP system validation   

[14th August 2010]
Winner of Debate Competition

[12th August 2010]
2ND runner-up of Carrom Competition

[06th May 2001]
Participated for the state level Goa Solo Singing competition

[08th January 1999]
1st for (State Level) Konkani Sangeeth Goa Best Committee

[06th October 1998]
Undergone the course in Diploma in computer Programming

[21st January 1998]
2nd for (State Level) Konkani Sangeeth Goa Best Committee







	
	[Feb 2014 – Present ]     
	Asgharali Company WLL.

	
	
	
	Sr. Executive  -   IT 
Experience: 3 years
www.asgharali.com

	
	
	[August 1999 to Feb 2014]   
	Indoco Remedies Limited 

	
	
	
	Asst. Manager- IT Department.  
 Experience: 14 years
www.indoco.com


	
	
	[August 1998 – August 1999]
	German Remedies Limited

	
	
	
	Trainee Computer Operator (EDP)
Experience: 1 year


	
	
	Professional Skills

	
	
	· Expertise in Microsoft Windows 10 and Server 2012 configuration. 

	
	
	· Router Configurations: LAN (Manageable Switches), WAN, Internet Routers etc.

	
	
	· Configuration of Network Printers

	
	
	· ERP Installation, configuration and Handling Technical Issues 

	
	
	· Expertise on ERP - AX 2012 - Retails POS.

	
	
	· setup/configuration of Microsoft Office 2016 and Office 365 Mail Setups.

	
	
	· Azure Cloud system setups.

	
	
	· Setting up Email Accounts / Rule in Office Outlook 

	
	
	· Designing Data Backup Strategy.

	
	
	· Installation and troubleshooting of Various Pharma related software Like HPLC, Lab Solution, IR, UV and other Solution etc.

	
	
	· Installation and configuration of Biometric Finger Access System.

	
	
	· Installation and configuration of DVR & CCTV.

	
	
	· Preparation IT related Documents as per Company requirements.

	
	
	Current Job Profile

	
Interpersonal Skills




· Can take initiative & handle department independently.

· Problem Solving/developing Employees relation.

· Team building, working & reliability

· Can handle any issues of the computer independently

· Effective written / verbal communications skills 

· Effective public relations and public speaking skills. 

· Like to share knowledge by imparting presentations.
	
	A) Timely implementation and Maintenance of Hardware, Software, Backup DR Management with 99% uptime for supporting organization for smooth and efficient Information and Communication Technology environment
B) Maintenance of All Servers Like AX (Citrix) Server, Active Domain Server, mail Server, HRMS Server and Maintenance of VMware (Nutanix). 
C) Maintenance of Software Matrix / User Matrix
D)  Maintenance of Helpdesk software / Update / Changes
E) Setup/Installation and Creation of VPN login ID and Passwords - All regions / Showrooms
F) Configuring ADSL routers 
G) EPBX Configuration / Maintenance.
H) Desktop support whenever required in All the GCC Regions
I) Deploying and Creating of new email IDs on Office 365 setup and to implement on client systems using outlook. 

2. Implementation, Maintenance and proper monitoring of Networking, WAN, VPN, Internet usage, Business software and Tools for supporting organization for smooth and efficient Business needs and improvements
A) Website Management, changes, implementation & Backup of website content periodically. Handling of CMS.
B) Data and Network Printer configurations.
C) To ensure that functioning of the systems is not disrupted/ hindered due to failure of computer systems and setups and minimum down time is achieved.
D) To ensure that data is not lost due to unwarranted problems.
E) To ensure that backups of data are being maintained in such a manner, so that data can be recovered and restored, in case of data loss in the worst possible circumstances.


	
	
	3. Understanding requirements from various departments and key people for planning, implementing and maintaining system and software and periodical assessment and enhancements for improving office automation.
A) Handling CCTV department. Responsible to get the work / maintenance done by CCTV Technician for all GCC regions. 
B) Vehicle Tracking software / support for All the users.
C) Computer peripherals and consumable approval and document maintenance - All Regions.
D) Assigning new Telephone connection and getting best Internet Data plans for all the showrooms.
E) Wholly responsible for registering / configuring of USERS finger print for Area Access and attendance.
F) To coordinate with All Retail Showrooms for IT related issues wherever necessary (Like: Head Office Users, Bahrain, KSA, Oman, Qatar, UAE & Pakistan Showrooms).



	
	
	Current Job Profile (Continue……)

	
Projects



Designed website for:

· Indoco Remedies Limited www.indoco.com
(Html, Flash, JavaScript, ASP)

· www.shreenagesh.org 
(Html and Flash)

· www.asgharali.com

· www.coralshoes.com
























	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	4. To ensure that proper documentation with respect to the department is being maintained.

5. To ensure that standard operating procedures and validation procedures are followed and carried out with respect to the department.


	
	
	6. To assist the head of the department in sorting out various IT related issues and giving suggestions / recommendations, besides providing guidance to the subordinates.


	
	
	7. To coordinate with various external agencies for providing support and services as may be required from time to time.


	
	
	8. To maintain data security and ensure user rights and privileges are not violated by any other user or external entity. To make users aware of their rights and limitations as applicable.


	
	
	9. Scada System Support in the Factory.

10. To ensure smooth functioning of IT related work within the department and act as Information Centre to other departments for various IT needs. 

11. To ensure that users are properly trained with respect to IT
areas.


	
	
	

	
	
	

	
	
	



2 | Page

