


























































































































Resume template

Curriculum Vitae



Surya Rao




        

Surya Rao Katteboyina

                                                               Mobile No: +91-9441237151

      






                                  Email Id: surya.knlk@gmail.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Objective:
To obtain long term employment with a well-established organization where I can fully utilize my     skills and abilities.
Summary of Experience:
· Worked for 5 years on Web Development using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular Applications as a UI Developer.
· Having 7+ years of experience in the field of IT.
· Expertise in HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.
· Hands on experience in Angular 2/4.
· Experience in Responsive Web Design (RWD) for Mobile Web Applications.

· Well versed knowledge on solving the cross browser compatibility issues both Web and Mobile platforms.

· Good knowledge on Angular JS.
· Ability in quick understanding and learning new technologies and their application in business solutions.
· Experienced in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug, Batarang and Developer Tools.
	Degree
	University
	Year of Passing
	Percentage

	B.Tech (ECE)
	JNTU Kakinada
	April 2010
	61.9

	Intermediate
	Board of Intermediate Education
	March 2006
	69.2

	Secondary
	Board of Secondary Education
	March 2004
	74.5


 Educational Summary:
Technical Skills

	Operating Systems
	Windows, Ubuntu.

	Web Technologies
	HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and AJAX

	Mobile UI Technologies
	Responsive Web Design

	UI Frameworks
	Bootstrap, Foundation and Angular 2/4.

	GUI Tools
	Eclipse, Notepad++, Visual Studio

	Tools
	HP ALM, TSLS, Central Design and Team Track.


Employment History: 
	Organization
	Designation
	Duration

	TechMahindra Limited
	Tech Lead
	02/2017 to Till date

	Infosys Limited
	Technology Analyst
	12/2015 to 01/2017

	ValueLabs  LLP
	UI Developer
	08/2012 to 12/2015

	ValueLabs LLP
	Technical Support Executive
	08/2010 to 07/2012 


Professional Experience:
Organization: TechMahindra Limited

Application: Cars
Role: Tech Lead
Duration: 09 months
Description:
Cars mission is to make people lives easier, safer and better is something that naturally comes         to us. We are providing the application to the org that helps to the dealers to track the orders and overall car purchase handling through application.

Roles and Responsibilities: 
· Web Development using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Angular.
· Working on the Angular pages development with team.
· Updating to the day to day progress to the manager on daily call.
· Debug and analysis of the Issues raised and taking the best approach.
Organization: Infosys Limited

Application: RNL
Role: Technology Analyst
Duration: 1.2 years
Description:

Ruffalo Noel Levitz is distinguished by its powerful array of technology-enabled enrolment and fundraising services that have been used by more than 3,000 colleges and universities and numerous non-profit clients worldwide. It offers innovative solutions for recruitment, search, multi-channel marketing, web strategy, and financial aid, with a focus on helping organizations achieve their missions.
Roles and Responsibilities: 
· Web Development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Bootstrap.
· JavaScript Functionality Development.

· Involved In developing the application from scratch.
· Rectifying the bugs after testing and updating those in JIRA.
Organization : ValueLabs
Application: Snapfish.
Role: UI Developer.
Duration: 3.1 Years
Description:

Snapfish is the number one online photo service application, with more than 90 million members in over 12 countries and 2 billion unique photos stored online. With Snapfish you will enjoy secure, unlimited online photo sharing and storage. Snapfish's mission is to help you preserve, enjoy and make the most of your memories, while providing the best value at the same time.

· HTML Page Development using CSS, JavaScript and Bootstrap.

· JavaScript Functionality Development.

· Worked on Central Design Tool for mapping the images to the builder.

· Rectifying the bugs after testing and updating those in TSLS.

Application: SAM PS
Role:  Technical Support Executive
Client: SHPS.

Tools: EVIM tool, X-Win32, Team Track and Command prompt 5.1.

Duration: 2 years.
Description:

SHPS are leading, independent provider of integrated health solutions that improves personal health. It serves large and mid-sized employers, government agencies and third party administrators through the companies like care wise Health, Landacorp and SHPS brands.
· Promoting the processes from Test to Production.

· Scheduling the processes daily, weekly and monthly basis.

· Transferring the files using FTP and SFTP transfer methods.

· Updating the PGP and RSA key to the processes.

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

Name


: Surya Rao K
Father’s Name

: Nageswarao
Date Of Birth 

: 31-08-1989

Nationality

: Indian
Passport 


: Yes

Place 
: Hyderabad

Date
:







Surya Rao Katteboyina

 
Page 3 of 3

