































SANDHYA SARASWAT

CURRICULUM VITAE


Sarfaraz Iqbal Khan
G-2 Ashirwad Apt,Dindayal nagar nr Sai baba Temple, Vasai (west)
Contact No 	: 7775898104,9156345775
Email Id	:  khansarfaraz568@gmail.com 

BACHELOR OF COMMERCE 
Highly Energetic team player Seeking challenging and rewarding opportunities in the ACCOUNTING & FINANCE sector

PROFILE
· Academically proficient, Insightful academic exposure across core account related subjects like financial accounts, taxation, costing , Economics audit and Principle of management.

· Motivated and goal driven with strong work ethics, continuously striving for improvement coupled with an eye for detail and the commitment to offer quality work.

· Excellent temperament to work in a team, multi-tasked as well as can coordinate between various activities efficiently. 

· Dedicated, hardworking and focused individual, with proven learning and problem solving abilities.  

I T SKILLS
 Working knowledge of Microsoft Office


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION.
	Level
	Year
	University
	School/College
	Percentage Secured

	 TY B Com (Accounting and Finance)
	Sem V
 November 2015

Sem VI
April 2016
	Mumbai




	St Peters College 
	70.66%



69.50%

	HSC
	February 2013
	Maharashtra State Board
	Thomas Baptista Jr. College
	69.50%

	SSC
	 March 2010
	Mahrashtra State Board
	Rajiv Gandhi High School
	77.60%


 

Extracurricular activities
· Participated in Commando camp training on Boxing , Karate , River crossing, climbing etc
· Organized  Free Medical health check up camps 


Work experience


1. Customer Service Executive with Airtel Authorized Channel Partner from Jan 2013 to February 2015

      2. Working with IBM India Pvt Ltd since last 1year handling transactions of import/export of "BNP PARIBAS".having a good knowledge of pre-shipment finance and post-shipment finance,remittances and all products of export and imports.




Interest and Activities
Music is of primary interest. Furthermore sports like football and cricket are other areas of interest. Have actively organized and participated in various events for the college festivals during my graduation.




Date of Birth: 15 July 1996
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Marathi
Marital Status: Single 





