

























Chirag Patel
: +91 9601255403 /+91 9667474430
: Chirag3011@gmail.com
: T-1,210 Paras Seasons, Sector 168, Noida, 201301. - NCR

JOB OBJECTIVE

Seeking middle level assignments in the field of Accounts & Finance/Financial analysis/Credit Management/
US transition with a reputed organization.

SUMMARY

Performance Driven Professional with 6 years of experience in finance functions like performing statutory & audit, maintenance &
finalization of accounts, Extensive skills in project accounting with specialization in Oracle project Accounting, profit monitoring and
building internal financial controls, etc. Dynamic and proactive approach in successful organizational development initiatives that
delivered consistent & sustainable revenue and profitability.

EXPOSURE IN
• Financial Planning& Control • F&A
• Budgeting • Credit Management/Costing

• Oracle Project Accounting (RTR) & FA (RTR) • US visa - B1 & B2 Category –valid till 2026

Good understanding in formulating budgets, implementing systems/procedures, preparing key reports to exercise financial control
and enhancing overall efficiency of the organization. Possess strong planning & relationship management skills with vital
contribution in running of the company.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Planning & Financial Cont rol:
 Creating budgets & conducting variance analysis to determine difference between projected & actual results and implementing

corrective actions for the same
 Forecasting company performance and building a detailed operating model with an integrated P & L A/C, Balance Sheet and

Cash Flow

Account ing Funct ions:
 Preparing & maintaining statutory books of accounts and reconciliation of financial statements in compliancewith the norms
 Maintaining MIS & reports, evaluating them for facilitating decision-making process

Audi ting & Taxat ion:
 Coordinating in complete planning & management activities for ensuring completion of internal & statutory audits within time

 Handling the Internal Audit of the companies, preparing tax plans and ensuring timely assessment and filing of direct & indirect
tax returns and service tax in compliancewith Statutory Tax Acts



ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE

Since Feb-16: Genpact India Pvt Ltd. As Team Lead (RTR)

Key Result Areas

 Accountable for:

o Prioritizing important tasks and insuring they get done first and get done properly
o Oversee and motivate team of four finance associates.
o Prepare monthly and quarterly P&L and balance sheet report and perform variance
analysis.

o Costing, Billing and Projects Management, specializing in R2R Process.
o Knowledge of project's interface with various module Inventory(INV), Account Payable (AP),

Purchasing (PO),Account Receivables (AR), SLA, Project Management, Project Contact,
Project Manufacturing, Oracle Time and Labor, Project Asset Assessment, Capitalization
andGeneral Ledger (GL).

o Month end support to the project team in terms of accruals and actual spend report.
o Cl int Interact ion - Mange, Conference call/other communication with client and build

rapport with key client.
o Manual matching in suspense reconciliation to reduce aging.
o Response to ad hoc request providing requisite information during audit and coordination
with different department/ function.

o Monitoring client service level agreement (SLA's) to ensure that guideline issue by client are
being adhered to.

From Nov 2012 to Feb 2015 (At Af rica)
From May 2015 to Dec 2016 (At Pune)

Time Legend IT & HR Consul t ing Solut ion PVT LTD.
Sub Division(Capt ive) of

( SATGURU INTERNNATIONAL FZE )
LOCATION: Pune, India.

Designat ion: - Accounts Execut ive (Grade–Senior Of f icer)
Is Responsible for:

o Reconciliations & profitability monitoring of internal financial controls.
o Abilities in managing financial accounting.
o Expenses Analysis on monthly basis.
o Follow up onmail and call with corporate Client for Recovering outstanding.
o Analysis of Journal entries, ledger, debtors & creditors.
o Auditing of cash and credit expenses for local branches.
o IATA payments & correspondence.
o Preparing ledger books, bank reconciliation statements and finalization of accounts.

From Nov 2012 to Feb 2015
SATGURU INTERNNATIONAL FZE.

(Registered in Dubai)
LOCATION: Lagos, Nigeria & Pointe-noire, Congo.

Designat ion: - Accounts Execut ive

Was Responsible for:
o Maintain Branch Account.
o To co-ordinatewith Branch Manager, Other staff & other branches.
o Making of vouchers for payment, receipt, sales, purchase, journal etc.
o Preparemonthly, quarterly & annually Branch reconciliation.
o Preparemonthly Bank reconciliation statement.
o Prepare client wise balance reconciliation.
o Prepare sundry debtors & Creditors outstanding receivable & payable repost.
o To co-ordinatewith auditor in annual audit & internal audit

From Jun 2011 to July 2012
AXIOM PVT LTD.

About The Company : The Company is providing service of outsourcing f rom U.S.A

In the f ield of Account ing and Taxat ion.

Executive Accounts (RelatedFinance & Auditing Service).
Was Responsible for:

o MakingMIS reports
o Prepare 1040 form in Tax cut software for Tax Returns of U.S Citizen.
o To co-ordinatewith clients for business related queries.

MBA



EDUCATION

Academic Q ualification:

2012 MBA in Finance–Manav Bharti University with First Class

2009 B.Com. from Gujarat University

T ime to J oin & Salary

Time to Join: 45 Days after receiv ing offer letter.

Current Salary: 6, 75,000 INRP/A (6,25,000 + 50,000 Bonus)

PERSONALDETAILS

Date of B i r t h : 30th Nov, 1987

N a t io nal i ty : Indian

Ma r i ta l Sta t us: Married

Passpo r t N o : H8483374 ( Valid up to 05th Nov 2019)

V isa sta t us : US visa - B1 & B2 Category–valid til l 2026

Reference will be provided on request


