














































Ganesh Mallesh Gandham
Mobile  : +918080687602	
Email Id :ganeshgandham397@gmail.com


Career Objective:

To work in a challenging atmosphere by exhibiting my skills with utmost sincerity and dedicated smart work for the growth of your esteemed organization along with mine.
Education:
	COURSE
	STATE BOARD / UNIVERSITY
	YEAR OF PASSING
	SCORE ( %) OR
CGPA

	Post Graduation
	Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance 
	2015
	60%

	B.Com
	Mumbai 
	2014
	61%

	HSC
	Maharashtra Board
	2011
	58%

	SSC
	Maharashtra Board
	2009
	60.56%



Other Qualification:
· Certified for National institute of stock market by 70%.
Other Achievements:
· Ranked 1st   in Inter College in Cricket.
· Participated in Elite Football (rugby).

Working Experience:
1.  Working experience with Sitel India Private LTD as in Customer Service Professional (Period from 25 September 2014 to 29 May 2015).

2. Working with YES BANK LTD Cash Management Services & Clearing Department as 
Officer (Period:- 19 November 2015 to till Date)
· Monitoring the status of the Inward clearing files, inward status in ECPIX-NCR site. 
· Processing the MICR updation process in CTS application.
· Uploading the core banking files in Core banking system. 
· Uploading of Warrants & CMS DD files in Cordy and Cash in application.
· Sending Rejects referral to the branches and co-ordination with them to do the scan pass before our return cut off time.
· Technical scrutiny and raising the technical discrepancy case to the branches.
· Additional control by taking an issuance confirmation from the branches regarding the cheque hits in inward clearing for amount exceeds Rs 50 lacs.
·  Providing operational and functional support to the yes bank branches for express      clearing system.
· Responsible for the Outward presentation instruments lodged completely at NPCI Site.
· Continuously Monitoring the Bundle stage & lodging the Instruments before the Cut off time.
· Continuously follow up with our technology team regarding any issue/Slowness of system.
· Reporting to the senior regarding the instruments that’s lying pending at BUNDLE Stage due to the session close at NPCI site.
· Uploading of retails customer transactions in our core banking system i.e. FCR application.
· Technical verification and U V checking for the outward presentation instrument.

3. Computer Skills:

· Excel in MSWord, MS Excel, Ms PowerPoint, Scanning, Internet, E-mail etc.
4. Personal Details:

Name		        :	Ganesh Mallesh Gandham
Address	        :	Teen Dongri , Tanaji Nagar B.P.T. Chawl Part 1 Goregoan  West, 
Mumbai – 400062.
Hobbies	       :	Listening to Music, Playing Cricket & Drawing.
Marital Status          : 	Unmarried
Gender		       :	Male	
Date of Birth          : 	13/09/1993          
Nationality              : 	Indian         
Languages Known  :	 Telugu ,English, Hindi, and Marathi.

Date:											

Place:										 Ganesh Mallesh Gandham


