




































MD

                                 CURRICULUM VITAE



RABINDRA NATH DAS. 
                                          Date of Birth   :   23rd November 1986.

Bhakunda, Nimtala Road.                                                         Father’s Name :  Debendra Nath Das.

P.O.+ P.S. - Chandannagar.                                                      Sex                    :   Male

Dist – Hooghly.                                                                           Nationality       :   Indian

Pin – 712136.                                                                              Marital Status  :   Single

   

West Bengal.                                                                              Contact No        :   9007900139.  (M)

                                                                                                                                    03365263472. (R)                                                      

  E-mail ID : rabindranath.das03@bos.bajajallianz.co.in
                 rabindranath.das03@gmail.com

Career objective :



 

To work with a professional organization, that will utilize my skills and at the same time allow me insights into the organization to enrich my experience and in turn value to the organization. To reach the top management level through determination, honesty and sincere hard work by the proper application of knowledge and experience.

Education :

      

      2010       : Pursuing Company Secretaryship from ICSI.


       

2007       : B.Com(General) from Burdwan University with 2nd class - (49%). 

      2004       : Higher Secondary from W.B.C.H.S.E with 1st class - (62%). 

2002       : Madhyamik from W.B.B.S.E. with 2nd class - (53%). 


  CURRENTLY WORKING AT:

BAJAJ ALLIANZ LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED.

      (From January 2008 - till now.)

· Worked as CSR (Branch Operations) in Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Co. Ltd.

         Grade – Junior Officer.

· Job responsibility:

    1. > Handling a branch individually as Ops In Charge. Also playing a role of admin,cashier and customer service executive with good knowledge of policy issuance and documentation.

    2. > By vigorous  follow up for chasing requirements to issue new proposal with the HUB & the customer through mail, phone & internet.     

    3. > Handling all queries through mail and phone from internal to external customer also customer support against all types of policy servicing related queries             

     .   

  4. >  Also handling Financial Under writing, AML and KYC related all types of problem. 

  5. > Renewal collection through phone is one of my job responsibility.

  6. >  Agent recruitment, training and license processing is done through my observation in branch.


Computer proficiency :



                                       

Operating System
: Knowledge of Internet, MS – Office (MS – Word, Excel, Power point, 

                                             Windows Explorer), Tally (Version - 9.0) 

Others Achievement :

·  Civil Defence Basic Training has taken.

            Winner of o to 3 days policy issuance competition and got certificate from President  

             Operation of BALIC.      

Language Known :


English, Hindi & Bengali.

Strength :

· Always devoted in work.

· Ready to work in any shift.

· Has ability to work under pressure.

· Maintaining team responsibility also handling a branch individually.

Interests :


Playing cricket and football, listening to music, net surfing, traveling and interacting with the people of different culture.

Personal :


I am a friendly and dedicated individual who has an ambition to succeed in any given environment am seeking a position where I can prove myself by developing an excel while giving my best to an employer

I do hereby declare that all the above information are true and correct as per my best knowledge.

Date  :  23/05/2012

Place :
 CHANDANNAGAR







                                                                                                        ---------------------------------










   
( Rabindra Nath Das)

