





































Baladhandapani

ARUNKUMAR S
Door No: 68 IInd cross Pallakkadu
Sri Nagar chinnathirupathi
Salem-8




  


  Mobile No:+919994454129 & +919095009533
Tamil Nadu.




                 
  e-mail: agnish.cool@gmail.com
                                               



 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 

To make sincere and continuous efforts towards building a promising career and to take challenges in life so that I can contribute to the growth and success of the organization, also identifying and implementing continuous improvements in Processes.  
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To work in a challenging environment that promises growth as well as opportunity to learn more. To shoulder responsibilities effectively and contribute towards the growth of the organization with the skill I possess and have developed.
RESPONSIBILITIES 

· Supported ad-hoc projects and other service functions as per policies. 

· Coordinated with data analysis teams for monitoring and reporting purpose. 

· Responded to incoming requests relating to process service. 

· Coached and monitored trainees & Lateral hires with process methodology. 

· Suggested recommendations to manager for process improvement activities.

SKILL SET:

· SAP System application product (R1P, R1Q, R2Q)

· Computer Hardware & Servicing

· Basic knowledge in MS Office – Word, Excel, Power Point
· E-mail operations & Internet.

· Operating systems: Windows xp, Windows 7.
EXPERIENCE
Capgemini India Private Limited, Salem.

Senior Associate – From July 2014 – Still working
ROLES 

As Senior Associate in Capgemini India Private Limited, and  I have worked in the following projects;

Client: Unilever (Indonesia)

Process: MDM (Master date management)
Vendor: Preparing for vendor details in SAP (R1P) which contains vendors personal details with that we should verify the provided supporting documents like bank statement, and personal identification cards.

· Creation: I have get vendor details like personal (Name, address… ect ), bank details.. ect and consolidate it then preparing the template, then vendor code as create in SAP by using the template…
· Modification: If any changes required in vendor name, bank details ect…, I have to get the details and consolidate in one template and the change should be done in SAP by using the final template
Customer: Preparing for customer creation and modification validated customer details to send for creation, modification and Route determination. 
· Creation: I have get customer details like Name, address, hierarchy… ect  and consolidate in one template, then customer code as create in SAP by using that template…

· Modification: If any changes required in customer name, address, hierarchy ect…, I have to get the details and consolidate in one template and the change should be done in SAP by using the final template
Price: Generating price, publishing, preparing price report, upload price, discount for price & Sales deal, price maintenance & price delist

Gl (general ledger): Act as intermediate to between requestor and creation team through mails. 
Cost center-Creation: Creation, Modification, block, unblock
Achievements:

· Monthly award for handling my team without any issues

· Reduce my team strength from 3 persons into 2 persons

· Continuously provided my support, when migrating the team.
STRENGTH:

· Highly motivated to work as a team.

· Willing to work efficiently and effectively.

· Adaptability to changes & environment.
Academic DetailS:

                 B.E             : 
MAHENDRA ENGINEERING COLLEGE



Electronics and Communication Engineering,

                       

(2007-2010 - Anna University Chennai)

                   

 Percentage obtained: 62%       

 Diploma   :
CSI POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE, SALEM

Diploma in Electrical and Electronics Engineering,




(2004-2007) (DOTE-Tamil Nadu)

                     
              
Percentage obtained: 85%
Matriculation:     ST.PAUL’S HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL, SALEM
                    

April-2004 (State Board- Tamil Nadu)

                    

Percentage obtained: 60%  
ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
DIPLOMA
: 
Horizontal Domestic Type Wind Mill 
B.E     

: 
Intelligent Information System for Power Failure  
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Name     



: ArunKumar S
Father’s Name        
 
: Subramanian V 
Nationality


: Indian
DOB                       


: 18-05-1988
Sex
                   

: Male
Marital Status


:  Single  

Mobile Number       

: +919994454129  & +91 9095009533
Languages Known   

: English (R-W-S), Tamil (R-W-S)
DECLARATION

I do hereby declare that the above given statements are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Date: 
Place:    
    









        (ARUNKUMAR S)
Signature

