


















































		Gourav Dubey
 									            Contact No.: 9424690536
Email Id: dubeygourav19@gmail.com



Profile Summary
ASSOCIATE SOFTWARE ENGINEER • TECH MAHINDRA• FROM FEB 2016 TO OCT 2017
· Developed and delivered changes for the critical Production environment and databases.
· Given contribution as an active team member to achieve Customer Goals. Automated critical and time-consuming operational activities.
· Performed development for the changes required/proposed by client for production environment.
· Interacting with teams and different support groups in case of any problem or activity planning.
· Automating time consuming operational activities.
· Reviewing, debugging and implementing scripts on server.
· Analyzing and troubleshooting of live problems/production issues as they occur.
· Performing routine maintenance activity and ensuring that the binaries are up–to-date and the jobs are running as expected.
· Awarded Certificate of Merit for scoring the Highest marks in the Assessments conducted in Entry Level Integrated Training and Enablement Program for 2015 freshers batch by Tech Mahindra.
· Awarded with Automator of the week (wall of fame) award for 4 key automations saving 12 days of manual effort per month.

Professional Skill Set
Technical skills
C, Unix, Unix Shell Scripting, DBMS, SQL, PL/SQL, Web Programming, Core Java and J2EE
Tools and IDE
Eclipse, SQL-Plus, Putty, SQL Developer, SQL Navigator, Citrix Receiver, WinSCP, WinMerge.
Project Details:
 
	PROJECT: MOBISTAR/ORANGE
Application Programming and Maintenance /Transformation and Automation

	Project Type
	Telecom

	Client
	MOBISTAR/Orange

	Role
	Software Engineer

	Team Size
	8

	Tools/Product
	BSCS 

	Environment
	Unix, Oracle 10g





Academic Credential

B.E.  RGPV, Bhopal (2011-2015)           
Computer Science & Engineering                                                                  
IES, IPS Academy, Indore (M.P.)

Personal Information
               Name			:	Gourav Dubey
               Father’s Name 		:	Mr. Anuj Dubey
               Date of Birth			:	27th September, 1991
               Permanent Address 	:  	105, Shantinagar, Jabalpur (M.P.) 482002.
               
	 Passport No		:	J8473350

Declaration
  
 I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge & belief.

Place: Pune							Gourav Dubey
                                                                                                                                                                            	                                                  	

