













































RESUME


RESUME 

 
Mohan Kumar      Mail: mohanjantli@gmail.com 

Vijayanagar       Mobile: +918884339689 

Bangalore - 560037       

           

 

Objective    

 

Seeking a challenging position with a long-term commitment in your organization, this provides 

an environment for growth, continuous learning and skillful application of my knowledge. 

 

Experience 

 

Currently Working in Hewlett Packard Enterprise as SME for Sales Processing Associate III 

(21/12/2014 to 13/07/2018). 

 
Job Profile: 
 

 Processing the MDF claims and Funds for US and Canada in SFDC tool. 
 Preparing the payment file for Canada and US. 

 Generate daily business reports and assigning to the team from SFDC tool. 

 Consolidating the claims in the master tracker which will be shared with the Program    
manager in the weekly calls. 

 Processing for Software payments in AP tool. 
 Processing for Engage and Grow for US. 
 Preparing Weekly and Monthly Finance Report. 

 

Experience 

 

Worked at Axs Online Private Limited as Associate From (02/2013 – 12/2014). 
 

 I was working for various process called indexing & QC as per Client requirements. 
 Monitoring the hourly upload status to satisfy the client target. 

 
Knowledge 
 

 Configuring organizational structure like creation of company assign company code field 
status variant fiscal variant posting period document number range with document type. 

 Setup of document type and posting. 
 Development and submit business document for approval. 
 Well knowledge in following are SAP modules, FI (Financial), Enterprise structure. 
 FL GL: configuring and customize of enterprise structure Financial accounting global 

setting, General ledger accounting. 



 Accounts Payable: Configuring and customizing vendor A/c group vendor master data 
automatic payment program and check management. 

 Setting up of document type and posting key for business transaction 
 

Educational Qualification 
 

 B.Com. ASS’s College of Commerce, Gadag (Karnataka University Dharwad). 

 P.U.C ASS’s College of Commerce, Gadag (Karnataka Pre-University). 

 S.S.L.C Shastriji High School, Gadag. 

 

 

Strengths 

 

 Ability to take initiative 

 Good Adaptability and Creativity ,  

 willing to work in team environment-enthusiastic,  

 Willing to learn with self-motivation, self-confidence. 

 

Computer skills 

 

 WINDOWS, Microsoft Office  

 Tally 

 Sales Force.Com (SFDC) 

 SAP FI 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Declaration 

 

I acknowledge that the information furnished above is correct and true. 

       

 

(Mohan Kumar) 


