




















































Yog Resume



KAWALJEET SINGH SEGHAL
( Building No. 19, Room No. 291,
            ( Cell: 9920892403 / 9967526583
        Sardar Nagar 4, Rawli Camp,                                                   

Email:   kawaljeetseghal@gmail.com 

        G.T.B. Nagar, Mumbai: 400037

Objective:


To Be an Effective Management Professional by Putting 100% Effort In My Work And To 


Prove An Asset To My Organisation, And Pledge To Set A Positive Trend For Overall Enhancement Of The Industry.

Work Experience:

Robinhood Insurance Broker Private LTD
Location: Mumbai
Duration: From December 11th 2017 till date
Position: Assistant Manager
Job Profile:-

 Ensuring company policies are followed. Optimizing profits by controlling costs.
 Assisting customers whenever necessary. Resolving customer issues to their overall satisfaction.
 Maintaining an overall management style that follows company’s best practices.
 Ensuring a consistent standard of customer service.
 Motivating employees and ensuring a focus on the mission.
 Completing tasks assigned by the Branch manager accurately and efficiently supporting Branch manager as needed.
Participating in promotional activities of the company for generating new leads and up-selling to existing clients.
Driving sales initiatives to achieve sales target and exploring new business avenues.
XL Dynamics
Location:  Mumbai

Duration: From September 2015 to December 2017
          Position:  Financial Analyst

Job Profile:-

Drew and created mortgage loan documents for FHA, Conventional and VA purchases and refinances, FHA Streamline Refinance and VA IRRRL loan programs.
Read and understand updated investor purchase requirements and loan program guidelines.
Appraisal Ordering and distribution, including but not limited to; ordering appraisals, communicating with RM’s, buyers, appraisers and underwriters simultaneously for corrections, simple data entry and organization
Identify trends, advise company and recommend actions based on sound analysis

Reconcile transactions by comparing and correcting data

Gain and update job knowledge to remain informed about novelty in the field

Read and understand updated investor purchase requirements and loan program guidelines.
Drive process improvement and policy development initiatives that impact the function.

Drive process performance to achieve and exceed SLA deliverables
CITI BANK
Location:  Mumbai

Duration: From Feb 2013 till March 2015

          Position:  Customer Service Executive

Job Profile:-


Managing existing clients and acquiring new client through cross selling different products, resolving queries related to various products of banks like life Insurance, Savings bank account and personal loans and Credit Cards.

Has been successful in selling Loan on phone and acquiring new potential leads for the bank by cross selling various products like Life insurance and Savings Bank account.

Displaying excellent customer service skills on overall service and sales parameters.

Has been recognized as a Team player in the Team for providing Best Customer Satisfaction Experience in terms of quality and sharing best practices in terms of process and product knowledge.

Corresponding with team members to provide regular feedbacks.

Mentored new team members regarding the process and companies policies.

Evaluate and recommend strategies to improve processes and team performance.

Has been successful in maintaining the overall team reports and targets assigned by the management.

Maximize first time resolution keeping in mind Quality parameters and AHT.

Up selling Loan on phone, Life insurance and Savings bank account and servicing anything related to credit card issues and identifying needs of the customer.

Displaying the “Can do it’’, attitude in achieving the sales target across all parameters as laid down by company polices.

Keep records of customer interactions and transactions recording details of inquiries, complaints and comments, as well as action taken.

Follow up to ensure that appropriate actions were taken on client’s request.

Refer unsolved customer grievances or special requests to designated departments for further investigation.

RAJA AUTO ENGINEERING WORKS
Location:  Mumbai

Duration: Since Dec 2004 till Dec 2012

          Position :  MANAGER

 Job Profile:-
Corresponding with customers regarding their queries & complaints

Solving billing disputes

Solving technical problem & engine damage issues

Filing records & details of staff attendance & leaves

Maintaining  records of cash expenses & incomes 
Verifying bank records & statements 

● Preserving records of cheques issued & cheques collected 

Distribution of staff salary

Balancing stock purchased & sales reports 

Handling creditors

Solving Gross amount discrepancy

Marketing our products and services 

Providing after-sales-services to our customers 

Educational Details:

- Master in Finance Management from Mumbai University-2016 - (66%)

- Bachelor of Commerce from Mumbai University-2007 - (69%)
- H.S.C from Mumbai Board, Mumbai-2004 - (66 %)
- S.S.C from Mumbai Board, Mumbai-2002 - (71 %)

Personal Details:

Date of Birth:   
  
28th. June 1986 

Marital Status:

Married

Nationality:        

Indian

Languages Known:      
English, Hindi, Punjabi & Marathi.

Hobbies:                    
Reading, Net Surfing, Playing Badminton & Cricket.

PLACE: MUMBAI                                                        (KAWALJEET SINGH SEGHAL)

DATE:




Page 1

