














































PATRICIA D’MELLO 
MOBILE: +91- 7875267506  
E-Mail ID: patricia.dmello24@gmail.com 

 
 

 
Objectives: 

 
To contribute my knowledge, skill, and energy to an organization where I can create my 

identity and grow with the organization. 

 

 

Professional Experience 

HR Executive, Nagpur       June 2015 to Present  

Titans Learning Pvt. Ltd. 

 

HR Management 
 
 Arranging & conducting Interviews / Initial screening the candidates, helping in recruitment  

Processes. Co-ordinate with consultants & candidates for scheduling appointments with the 
Management team for sourcing.  

 Conduct first round of telephonic interview for the candidates to schedule interviews. Conduct 
Employee orientation and facilitate new comers joining formalities. Resolve grievances or queries 
that any of the employees have.  

 Arranging induction programs for the new comers. 
 Psychometric test and Counseling for employees. 

 
Manpower Management 

 
 Calculation of Salary, Overtime, Sick leaves, Maternity Leaves, Bonus, Night Shifts, and Allowance. 
 Handling Enrollment of new Employee, Discharge of Employee and Resignations. 
 Maintaining Records of individual employee of Various Departments in Attendance Software. 

 
Attendance & Personal Records/Data Management 

 
 Check proper maintenance of Trainer’s Log Sheets & Attendance.    
 Maintain employee’s records, ensure discipline in employees, In -Out time of employees & no 

late comings to be entertained. Maintain attendance, O.T. & leave records. 
 

Recruitment & Compensation Management 
 

 Coordinating for manpower planning, recruitment, induction, exit interviews & ensuring cultural 
fit. Developing/ implementing new recruitment/selection policies as per staffing projections. 

 Developing/updating and implementing compensations plans, reward & recognition schemes, HR 
policies and communicating them across the organization at all levels. 

 Counseling/ grievance handling of the employees to maintain a healthy work environment and 
facilitating employee satisfaction & HR survey & community development activities. 

mailto:dmello24@gmail.com


Training & Development 
 

 Identifying training needs and preparation of calendar, schedules & batches for imparting training 
on various topics including measurement of effectiveness. 

 Conducting managerial / technical trainings to enhance managerial and soft skills of the 
employees. Conducted Personality Development sessions for staffs. 

 
 
 

 
Key skills: 

 
 

 Ability to build and maintain strong customer relations.  
 Adaptable & Adjustable 
 Team player. 
 Friendly with computer usage such as Microsoft Word, Excel, Power point and Internet. 

 Good communication and writing skills. 
 
 
 

 
Education Qualification: 

 
 

 MBA (H.R and Finance) under Nagpur University. 

 B.C.C.A from Raisoni College, under Nagpur University. 

 HSC from D.D.M Public School, Korba, Chattisgarh. 

 
 
 
Certifications: 

 
 

 Computer Hardware Training from G.H Raisoni Collage of Commerce. 
 

 Management Development Programme from Raisoni Business Programme. 
 

 Diploma in soft skill and personal development. 
 

 Sales certification program conducted by Raisoni group of institution. 
 

 French course level 1 completed. 
 

 
 
 
Personal Details: 
 
Date of Birth      :   23rd November 1990 

Language Proficiency :   English, Hindi.  
 
 
 
 
Date : 
 
 
Place : Nagpur          Signature 


