














































Hardik


 

Hardik Parmar  
M: 09428225511  

tohardikparmar@gmail.com  

  
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/hardik-parmar/4a/a3a/a57 

Java Developer 

 
       SUMMARY   

 

 Having 5 years of experience as a Java developer. 

 Moderate experience in working with SmartGWT Framework. 

 Moderate experience in working with Spring Framework. 

 Moderate experience in working with RESTful Web Service. 

 Moderate experience in working with Maven. 

 Well versed in developing Web-Based and Desktop applications. 

 Moderate experience in Research and Development. 

 Possess exceptional written and verbal communication skills. 
 
       TECHNICAL SKILLS  

 

 Technologies:  Core Java, J2EE, AngularJS 

 Framework:   SmartGWT, Spring, Polopoly [by ATEX (3rd party tool)] 

 Designing:  CSS 
   

       WORK EXPERIENCE 
 

1) ZEITECH Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad, Gujarat [http://www.zeitech.in/] 

 Duration: From July 2012 to April 2015 

 Designation: Java Developer 

 Role: Development, Bug fixing, Research & Development.  
 

2) Big Bang Innovations Pvt. Ltd., Ahmedabad, Gujarat [https://bigbanginnovations.in/] 

 Duration: From May 2015 to December 2015 

 Designation: Software Developer 

 Role: Development, Bug fixing, Research & Development.  
 

3) ACE Infoway Private Ltd.,  Ahmedabad, Gujarat [http://www.aceinfoway.com/] 

 Duration: Since January 2016, till now 

 Designation: Developer - JAVA 

 Role: Development, Bug fixing.  
 

 ACADEMICS   
 

 MCA, Gujarat Technological University, Kadi, Gujarat. 

 BCA, Gujarat University, Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 

 High School from New Saurabh School, GSHSEB, Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 
 
 

mailto:tohardikparmar@gmail.com


  PROJECT DETAILS  
 

Desktop Applications 

 
1. SeecureGUI 

 
Team Size  : 4 
Project Size  : 9 Months 
Environment  : Windows XP, Eclipse IDE, Java Swing, XML Parsing 
Responsibility : Development in capturing image, Time Scheduling for Capturing image or 

recording video.  
 
SeecureGUI is a surveillance system. ZEITECH Solutions Pvt. Ltd. has developed a Surveillance 

system named SeecureGUI. This system will work for web camera as well as IPCamera (Axis 207). The 
SeecureGUI is a desktop based system and the development of this system has been done using  tools 
& technologies such as using Eclipse IDE, Java Swing, XML Parsing, dsj or vlc api and other apis. 
Features of this system are Streaming, Capturing image, Record video, Motion detection, Broadcast 
camera, Time scheduling and Watermark.  

 
2. Attendance System 

 
Team Size  : 2 
Project Size  : 3 Months 
Environment  : Windows 7, Eclipse IDE, Core Java, Microsoft Access 2007 
Responsibility : Getting the records from the database which contains punching data of 

the employee, send those punching data to the database server.  
 
Attendance System has been developed for maintaining employee’s working time. Employee 

uses finger print recognition machine for punching their in-out timings. Those data are maintained in 
Microsoft Access database and that data are send to the database server at remote site. 
 
Web Applications 
 
1. TC 

 
Team Size  : 8 
Project Size  : 15 Months 
Environment  : Eclipse IDE-Juno, SmartGWT, Spring, JSP, Servlet, Oracle 10g, XML Parsing   
Responsibility : Development, tracking bugs and solving them, Testing, Research and 

Development. 
 

TC is a powerful and modular structured software solution for systematic and cost efficient 
maintenance management. The concept of TC is a database founded CMMS / MRO planning and 
management system with versatile parameter control options, allowing TC to be used in all the types 
of companies and enterprises. In the industrial sectors of automotive, machinery and plant 
construction, aero and space technology, food, logistics and transport as well as power engineering, 
TC has already proved its efficiency. As a proactive, computerized maintenance management system, 
TC can maximize productivity of all machines and equipments, pre determine potential break-downs 
as opposed to troubleshooting post break-down and reduce maintenance efforts and costs. 

 



2. Thompson Information Service 
 

Team Size  : 6 
Project Size  : 5 Years 
Environment  : JSP, Servlet, MySQL   
Responsibility : Development, tracking bugs and solving them, Testing, Research and 

Development. 
 

Thompson Information Service is a website, which provides the documents such as articles, 
Newsletters, E-books, Publications, Webinars on a subscription basis. Products are to be purchased to 
get access to those informative documents forms. These documents can be purchased in formats like 
Online, Print or Online and Print both. 
 
Mobile Application 
 
1. Teamworks 

 
Team Size  : 7 
Project Size  : 10 Months 
Environment  : Eclipse IDE-Juno, Toad for MySQL, Spring, Maven, JSP, Servlet   
Responsibility : Development, tracking bugs and solving them, Testing, Research and 

Development. 
 

Teamworks is a comprehensive team management app for small businesses which allows 
business owners and managers to track the location of the entire team and offers a daily location 
report of the team. An innovation within the app is GPS based attendance system which replaces the 
smart card swipe with a mobile for logging entry and exit time of team at office or client/vendor 
locations. Teamworks also features a complete work flow management system which includes task 
assignment, task status updates and task monitoring, and project management within the team. It 
also features the entire suite of HR modules like leave management, payroll module, payslip 
preparation etc. The app is designed to improve the productivity and performance of the team in a 
small business. 
 
Frameworks 
 
Polopoly Framework 
 
Polopoly Framework is a 3rd party tool, provided by the firm named ATEX. This framework is 
developed in JAVA technology, using JSP, Servlet, Struts2. The front-end of this framework is 
developed using Javascript, JQuery, and .vm (velocity file). This framework is generally used for 
creating the E-books, Publications, Newsletters, Articles, and all sort of documents for the marketing. 
It has a feature of developing and maintaining the website, which contains all the above document 
forms for E-Reading. These documents needs the subscriptions to access its pages.  

 
       PERSONAL DETAILS   

 

 Date of Birth    : 04/10/1988 

 Gender    : Male  

 Extra - Curricular Activities  : Drawing, Sports (Cricket) 

 Languages known   : English, Hindi, Gujarati 


