







































           SUDARSHAN RAJASEKHARAN 
 

 Cell:  +91- 9514788114                                  E-mail:    rrsudhan@gmail.com 

 

                                                          Professional Summary   

A highly motivated Finance Banking professional with demonstrated               
experience in providing exceptional service preparing financial reports,               
playing a role in the success of prominent industry. Motivated graduate with                       
a good academic qualification combined with hands-on experience in                 
Banking and Finance industry. Excellent communicator and presenter who                 
works well with the individuals at all levels.  

     Personal Skills 

 Strategic Planning  General Ledger 

Customer service  Accounting  

Financial statements Variance Reporting  

Accounts Payable/ Receivable Account recompilation  

Financial analysis  Regulatory compliance 
 

   Work History 

Senior Financial analyst  Aug, 2006 – Till date  

RR DONNELLEY INDIA OUTSOURCE PVT LTD – Chennai 

● Develop financial model to meet SEC Requirements and Generate 
Financial Statements  

● Cover financial data of U.S. securities including public, private and 
Non- U.S. companies who report financials.  

● Resolve client issues on technical accounting and SEC filings by 
interacting with SEC, FASB and IFRS.  

● Cover financial statements of various industries  
● Cover Year to date and interim results  
● Analyze financial statements of Balance sheet and Equity statement, 
Income statement, and Cash flow statement as per SEC reporting format.  

● Capture Dividends – Cash distributions (Special and extraordinary 
stock dividends) 

●  Capture Inventory models – FIFO, LIFO. Weighted average cost 
method, specific identification method  

● Analyze sales report as required 
● Review in detail the financial statements, estimates and projections.  
● Propose the required structure changes on various accounting 
phases. 

mailto:rrsudhan@gmail.com


● Handle IPO and customer reports 
● Responsible for company’s critical information regards to finance.  
● Worked on the Banking operations in handling customer 
information and requests.  

● Leading the BCP team and service improvement team.  

 

Transaction Processor    Nov, 2005 – May, 2006   

HOPE HSBC PRIVATE LTD. – Chennai 

● Worked on customer and corporate deposits as per the request.  
● Generate TMD devices  
● Handle reports and escalations.  

 

                                                    Education 

Bachelor of Commerce - Commerce & Accounts, 2005 

Jaya College of Arts & Science – Avadi  

 

                                               Accomplishment 

● Earned “ Best Performer ” Award in 2012 – Q4 
● Earned “ Best Performer ” Award in 2014 – Q4 

 

                                                Technical Skills 

● ERP: R/3 SAP FICO, ECC 6.0  
● Tally 6.3 Ver and 7.2 Ver 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and 
belief.  

 

R.Sudarshan  

Sudarshan R 

 

 

 

 


