














































                        RESUME


Abhishek Singh                  157/2 Satin Sen Sarani, .Kolkata – 700054.
 9804779752
 03344611512
 abhirajput1989@yahoo.com

Career Objective
Seeking for an opportunity to pursue a career where knowledge and skill can be optimally utilized both for the company and for self- growth.

Functional Skill Set: 

· Training the new members & getting them productive quickly.
· Handling client escalation and getting their case progressed.
· Auditing the quality performance for calls, chats & mails. 
· Capable of getting the productivity from the team to meet the client parameters.

Professional Experience

	Company's Name
	Job Role
	Duration

	Wipro Limited
	Subject Matter Expert and Quality Analyst
	1 Year 8 Months

	Wipro Limited
	Associate
	2 Years 6 Months

	Corp Solutions Private Limited
	Tele- Caller
	6 Months



Core Skills:

· Auditing customer calls, chats & mails for the team members via Verint application and sharing the feedback to them.
· Dealing with day to day escalation over the call, chat & mail and solving the customer issues.
· Working on route call analysis for the customer’s escalations and grievances. 
· Making the schedule report for the team members and sharing their daily productivity. 
· Dealing with B2B communications, validating engineering notes on DOS platform using the tools like CSS, Siebel and Autofix. 
· Calling the engineering control in United Kingdom and provide proper resolution to the customer. 
· Diagnostic test on the customer PSTN line and raising proper fault and setting the correct engineering visit. 


Educational Qualification:

	Examination
	Institute/University
	Year of Passing

	Graduation
	Ananda Mohan College (C.U)
	2011

	Higher Secondary
	Hariyana Vidya Mandir (C.B.S.E)
	2008

	Secondary
	Hariyana Vidya Mandir (C.B.S.E)
	2006



Personal Details
· Date of Birth: 		15th July 1989
· Gender:		Male
· Marital Status: 	Married
· Languages Known: 	English, Hindi and Bengali.




Date :									(Abhishek Singh  )
Place : Kolkata                                               Signature                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

									


