













































B

	Ram Kumar R
	SF-2, Sri Krishna Apartments,

37-A Sarangapani Street, Krishnapuram, Ambattur,

Chennai – 600 053.

	Email-  ramk_30@yahoo.co.in
	

	Phone- +91 98410 50043
	


OBJECTIVE

As a dedicated Professional in the BPO Industry, I aim to develop my career in the field of Operations, utilizing my expertise gained over the last 8.2 years. I would also want to be a part of an organization which provides opportunity for learning, growth, developing skills and to face new challenges to prove myself as a potential human capital.

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS    

· Bachelor of Commerce (1994 – 1997) from “Jaya College of Arts and Science, Chennai” affiliated to the 
 University of Madras.
· PGCDIM – Post Graduate Career Diploma in Integrated Management (Institute of Career Development and 

Integrated Management, Chennai)
SOFTWARE SKILLS

· Well-versed in Microsoft Office. Have worked extensively in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft 
Word and Microsoft PowerPoint

WORK EXPERIENCE

· Dell Services (formerly, Perot Systems - Business Process Solutions), from September 2003 till date.

· September 2003 – March 2004:- Worked as a Trainee FTE.

· April 2004 – October 2006:- Worked as a FTE.

· November 2006 till date: - Working as a Team Leader (Now designated as “Claims Analysis Supervisor”)
· Have around 6.5 years of experience in the field of Sales & Marketing (in Companies like TVS 
 Motor Company Ltd, Vivek & Co.)
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITY
Designations Held in “Dell Services (formerly, Perot Systems - Business Process Solutions)” 

· Financial Transaction Executive – September 2003 to October 2006

· Team Leader – November 2006 to till date

Team Leader (Currently designated as “Claims Analysis Supervisor):
Objective: To handle the team efficiently and effectively.

1. Supervise team members to ensure accurate and efficient processing

2. Ensure individual FTE performance

3. Provide effective feedback and coach FTE's with respect to quality and account

4. Acts as technical resource for FTE

5. Assign transactions to team (via VIMS, manually - where in use)
6. Being a part of routine Client Communication through calls, e-mails
7. Assign targets to team members (daily/weekly/monthly) in agreement with Manager

8. Maintain production and quality statistics of team members for review with Manager

9. 1st tier evaluation of updates/documentation

10. Communicate new technical updates/account specific information to the team
Assists Manager / Account Manager / Associate operations manager to process client complaints, requests and concerns

11. Ensure that the Turn Around Time (TAT) for Clients are within service level guaranteed

12. Responsible for meeting month end and other deadlines as set by the Client or the Operations
13. Identify and communicate top issues to Manager, thus acting as an imperative link with the Management

14. Work with Manager for semi-annual performance of FTE 

15. Provide input to Manager for the weekly/monthly/quarterly reports 

16. Provide feedback from QA and ensures consistency from the FTEs 

17. Attendance/ Payroll Administration 

18. To play the role of Training Coordinator 

19. Responsible for training a “backup” associate in all areas to manage the team my absence 

ACHIEVEMENTS
· Successfully Transitioned the Credit Dispute Verification Process from on-shore team in US.
· Initiated Various Process Atomization and Improvements during and after transition.
· Handled a Team sized to 40 associates
PERSONAL DETAILS

Sex



: 
Male

Date of Birth


: 
24 October 1976
Father’s Name


:
Late. K. Rajamani
GIST TO CONCLUDE
· 8.2 Years of Experience in the BPO Industry (Healthcare)
· Successful transition of a Process from the on-shore Team.

· A Person with voracious appetite to learn and to share knowledge.

· Utilize expertise knowledge acquired in attaining defined objective

Ram Kumar R
Place
:  Chennai






 



