


















































CURRICULUM VITAE


Mr. PRAKASH OJHA
Mobile: +917007593896, +919170099339
E-mail: ayushmanprakash@gmail.com
Address: SMS Hostel, Kandwa, Varanasi, U.P., 221106.
Career Objective:
To evolve professionally and personally into a focused and goal oriented individual by learning in an environment of growth and excellence and thereby become an authority in my area of specialization.
Academic Qualification:
	
Examination Passed
	
Board /
University
	
Year of      Passing
	
Percentage of Marks
	
Subjects / Specialization

	
         PGDM
	
  SMS Varanasi
	
      2019
	
         72%
	
Marketing & HRM

	
         BBA
	
      MGKVP
	
      2017
	
         65%
	
Management

	
         12th
	
        ICSE
	
      2014
	
        57.5%
	
Commerce

	
         10th
	
        ICSE
	
      2012
	
        59%
	
Commerce



Other Certificates:
	
     Certificate
	
      Institute
	
        Marks
	
Year of passing

	
        ADCA
	Aurora College of Technology & Management
	
          90%
	
         2013

	      Financial                    Accounting
	Aurora College of Technology & Management
	
          87%
	
         2013

	
         CCC
	
       NIELIT
	
          54%
	
         2014




Summer Training Details:
· Company Name: OM LOGISTICS LTD.
· Training branch: Greater Noida
· Training Department: Marketing & Sales
· Project Topic: Challenges in Material Handling
· Experiential Learning:
a) Operation process of OM logistics
b) Marketing strategies of OM Logistics
c) E-Way Bill
d) SOP of OM Logistics
e) Material Handling System of OM Logistics
f) Different tools and techniques to approach for new clients
g) Logistics Contract & Bidding 
Projects Undertaken-UG/PG:
1. Project Name: Challenges in material handling at OM logistics Limited.
Role: Principal Investigator      Team Size: 1     Project Duration: 2 Months
Project Detail: As material handling plays a very important role in Logistics, so I made a study upon how to make material handling system more efficient.

2. Project Name: Survey upon factors influencing the purchase of two-wheelers in Varanasi city.
Role: Principal Investigator      Team Size: 1     Project Duration: 2 Months
Project Detail: As we know that there are various factors which influence the demand of a particular product or service, so by making this survey study my main objective was to understand what are those direct and indirect factors which influence the purchase of two wheelers in Varanasi city?
 
3. Project Name: A study upon Consumer's Attitude towards Online Shopping
Role: Principal Investigator      Team Size: 1     Project Duration: 2 Months
Project Detail: As online shopping has been in great trend these days, I decided to do a study on consumer’s attitude towards online shopping in Varanasi city.
Personal Strengths: 
· I am highly enthusiastic
· Perseverant 
· Have good motivational skills
· Good at Communication 
Personal Skills:
· Good leadership abilities
· Good Orator 
· Prefer to analyze situations before quickly reaching to conclusion
· Easily adapt myself to new changes
Seminar, Workshops and Training Programs Attended:
· Went through one month training program conducted by Young Skill India
· Ethical Hacking workshop conducted by IIT-BHU
· Workshop on Six Sigma
· GST workshop conducted by ICAI
· Workshop on SPSS by college
· Workshop on MS-Excel by college
· Workshop on Personality Grooming and Development conducted by MRS Training Services
· Workshop on Personality Evaluation and training conducted by ABSCISSA
· Workshop on Commodity Exchange conducted by MCX
· Workshop on Company Secretary ship conducted by ICSI

· Went on International Industrial Exposure trip to Malaysia organized by college where I visited:
1. Harriston Chocolate Factory
It is the largest maker of homegrown chocolates. At this visit, I learned how the chocolates are processed and the lucrative manner in which they are packed and about the working system of the factory.
2. Royal Selangor Factory
It is a Pewter manufacturer and retailer, largest of its type in the world. Here I visited the factory and learned the meaning of patience, as all the work is done with great detail and fineness.

Co-curricular Activities:
· Participated in International Conference on “Alchemy of Leadership For Innovation and Sustainability” and presented a Paper on “Relationship between Motivation and Leadership” in International Conference held at SMS Varanasi 
· I had the opportunity of becoming Campus Ambassador of my College during TechNex 2018, organized by IIT-BHU
· Presented Business Model on “Chain of Multipurpose Cold-Storage” at college
· Presented Business Model on “Chain of Specialty Food Restaurants” at college
Personal Details:
Father’s Name: Shri Lakshman Ojha
Mother’s Name: Smt. Rita Ojha
Marital Status: Single
Date of Birth: September 20, 1997
Permanent Address: House No. 1, Vill- Baliyariya, Post- Siyari, PS- Karrimmudinpur, Dist.- Ghazipur, Uttar Pradesh, PIN- 233233.
Declaration:
I do hereby declare that above particulars of information and facts stated are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Varanasi
Date:	28/08/2018								Prakash Ojha				
