














































Praveen Kumar. N 
Technical Recruiter 
Email: Pravy.nageshwaran@gmail.com 
Phone: 9894735407 
Madurai, Tamil Nadu - 625019 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/praveen-kumar-5187b078/ 
 
Professional Summary: 
 

 Over 5 years of experience in Full Lifecycle Recruitment and Sourcing by handling IT and non-IT 

requirements comprising of contract, contract- to- hire and direct hire opportunities. 

 Has excellent experience performing full hiring cycle, Sourcing the right resources, pre-
screening, coordinating technical managerial interviews, negotiating pay/salary and closing. 

 Experienced working as a resourceful, self-starter Recruiter with the ability to analyze resumes 
for specific skill sets and maintain long term vendor and candidate relationships. 

 Experienced creating specialized searches and advanced applicant sourcing techniques such as 
internet sourcing methodologies, web-based recruiting processes, and networking to build a 
strong candidate pool. 

 Proficient using advanced resume searches with Monster, Dice, Carrier Builder, and other sites. 

 Excellent analytical, interpersonal and communication skills & desire to excel, fast learner, 
hardworking and versatile team player. 

 
Core/Technical Skills: 
 

 Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS): Bullhorn, Field Glass and Beeline. 

 Proficient User internet job boards: (DICE, Monster, Indeed, Career Builder, LinkedIn and 
Google Boolean String Searches). 

 MS Office Skills: MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Word. 
 
Professional Experience: - 
 
Senior Technical Recruiter 
247Headhunting, Trichy       June 2013 – Present 
 

 Responsible for recruiting all level of Technical & Non-technical consulting positions.  

 Responsible for sourcing, performing internet searches, and coming up with other creative ways 
to find applicants within a three-day turnaround time. 

 Recruiting talents for IT and Non-IT positions from Financial/Banking and Manufacturing 
industry. 

 Screened resumes interviewed applicants and did reference checks to determine qualifications 
of applicants. 

 Went out on sales calls with account executives to determine client needs and qualify job 
orders. 

 Developed and maintained a network of contacts to help identify and source qualified 
candidates.  

mailto:Pravy.nageshwaran@gmail.com


 Conferred with management and supervisors to identify personnel needs, job specifications, job 
duties, qualifications and skills.  

 Coordinated communications between applicants, clients and managers.  

 Use effective resourcing strategies such as Monster, Dice, Internet sourcing, networking, direct 
mailing and resume database. 

 Co-ordinate with other recruiters to ensure that as a team we rapidly identify quality 
candidates, reduce time to fill, build a diverse candidate database. 

 
Education: - 
 
Bachelor’s in Textile Technology- Pavendar Bharathidasan College of Engineering & Technology - 2014 
HSC in MNU Jayaraj Nadar Higher Secondary School, Madurai – 2010 
SSLC in Askar Matriculation School, Madurai - 2008 


