














































B/401 Devdutt Residency, New Ranip, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 382470 | yogesh8892@gmail.com | C: +91 903-334-3026 

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yogesh-raykangor 

Professional Summary                                                                                                                  

 A result-driven professional with 4+ years of experience in IT industry, with an emphasis in networking 

domain, managing various network security projects from concept to execution and conducting hardware 

troubleshooting & software installation and maintenance within corporate environments. 

 An able communicator and innovative thinker, exhibit strong skills in troubleshooting and duplicating client 

issues to determine effective solutions for complex problems, and highly adapt in conflict resolutions. 

 Core Competencies include Technical Support, Network Administration, Data Security, Backup Management, 

Software Support, System Administration, Server Maintenance and Live Customer Support. 

Technical Skills 

o Operating System: Windows, Linux 
o Active Directory & Group Policy 
o MS Outlook, Office 365, OWA 
o MS Exchange Server 2013, 2016 
o VMWare ESXi, vSphere, vCenter 

o Protocols: RIP, RIPv2, EIGRP, OSPF 
o DHCP, DNS, Telnet, FTP, SMTP 
o OSI Model, TCP/IP, IMAP, POP3 
o VLAN, VTP, STP, BGP, PPP, QoS 
o NAT, PAT, ACLs, VPN Configuration 

Work Experience 

 NOC Engineer                   
 SwiftTech Solutions Inc – Ahmedabad, Gujarat      Feb 2018 to Present 

o Performing activities including administrative functions in Active Directory, network equipment and 

devices, Email servers, file/print server configuration, and anti-virus software. 

o Doing system upgrades and installations with supporting resolution of all types of incidents both 

locally and using remote tools for all software related problems. 

o Monitoring client systems and data center servers and working on triage alerts thereby maintaining 

the integrity and security of servers and systems as per the guidelines. 

o Performing system backups, new user account creation, email account configuration and setup, 

application research, firewall configuration and scheduled timely server maintenance tasks. 

Technical Support Engineer         

eClinicalWorks Pvt Ltd – Ahmedabad, Gujarat      Dec 2013 to Dec 2017 

o Provided L1 software support to clients via Cisco Phone, Email, Ticketing and via Remote Desktop 

along with handling incidents and escalations with L2 troubleshooting. 

o Provided back-end database support including both MySQL and MSSQL databases and handled projects 

based on data extraction mechanisms, log-based utility setup, patch upgrades and usage data report. 

o Achieved good exposure with sound knowledge in Technical Support profile for 3+ years, further had a 

new role assignment in last 9 months working cordially with network operations team. 

o Worked on JIRA, CHEF– GUI and SolarWinds Network Performance Monitor to detect diagnose and 

resolve network performance problems along with outages and its resolution. 

Education 

B.TECH - Computer Engineering        2009-2013 

SAL Institute of Technology & Engineering Research – Ahmedabad, Gujarat 

Affiliated by Gujarat Technological University (GTU) 

Certifications 

Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) – Routing & Switching    Nov 2017 

CompTIA Network+ (N10-006)         Oct 2017 

Institute of Advance Network Technology – Paldi, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 

mailto:yogesh8892@gmail.com

