














































Arsha Jose  

Chittuparambil  

Vettampara P O  

Kothamangalam  

Ernakulam,   686681 

Phone: +91 9048201236 

Email : aarshajose1994@gmail.com 
 
 
Career Brief : 

 
Understanding Test Requirements, Deriving Test Scenarios, Test Case Documentation, Test 
Data Collection, Test Execution, Test   Reporting   a  n    d                  Continuous      D     e      v    e      l      o      p     m     e     n       t           of  Testing    Skills 
and Selenium Automation Testing. 

 
Professional Summary: 

 
• Engineering   Professional    having   2.7  years  of   Software Testing  experience. 

 
• Hands-On experience in Selenium   automation Projects. 
 
• Exposure to all stages of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and STLC. 

 
• Worked on Agile Process development as a part of Agile Scrum team. 

 
• Knowledge on different Levels of Testing (Unit Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing 
and Acceptance Testing). 

 
• Well v e r s e d  with Test Documentation (Test Scenario, Test Case, Test Data, Defect Report). 

 
• Experience in creating scripts in Selenium- Web driver by using Java. 

 
• Involved in designing the test automation Framework. 

 
• Good at multi-tasking and working well under tight deadlines with high efficiency. 

 
Education: 

 
• Bachelor of Engineering (ECE) from VISWAJYOTHI COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING 
AND TECHNOLOGY, (MG University) in 2015. 

mailto:aarshajose1994@gmail.com


 
• Completed  6 months  training  on manual Testing from ISTP   Technologies, Cochin   And 

3 months course on Selenium Automation Testing from Calibroz Cyber Campus, Kalamassery. 
 
 
Certifications: 

 
• ISTQB Foundation  Level Certification from ITB in September 2017. 

 

Software Skills: 

 
Operating Systems    : Windows 7, 10 

Programming    : Java  

Documentation             : MS Office 

Databases    : MySQL 

Testing Tools   : Selenium, Cucumber 

Web Technologies         : HTML, Postman 

Bug Maintenance    : Jira 

 
Organizational Experience: 

 
• Currently w o r k  i   n  g     as  QA  Tester at  Auberon Technology  Pvt  Ltd,  Smartcity  Kochi. 

• Nov 2015 – March 2018 with Codepoint  Softwares  Pvt Ltd, Cochin as  QA  Tester. 
 
Project Title 1: Computer Aided Facility Management System 
 
System Domain  : Hospital Management 
 
Testing Method : Manual, Automation and Mobile Testing 
 
Role                      : QA Tester 
 
Project Description :  
 
Computer Aided Facilities Management (CAFM) consists of strategic database systems that 
expedite processes of operation, maintenance, management and security of a building 
enabling it to support and facilitate core operations of an organization, in a cost-effective and 
energy saving manner. The Intelligent incites solution fuels asset tracking processes that 
enable healthcare clientele to optimize patient care and experience, and carry out data 
collection in a cost-effective manner. 
 

Project Title 2     : Cards Acknowledgement Management 



System Domain  : Banking 

Testing Method  :  Manual 

Testing Role        : QA Tester 

Project Description: 

 
Cards Acknowledgement Management System is an innovative solution specifically designed to 
manage the debit card acknowledgement. This system is designed and developed to automate, 
audit and replace the manual reconciliation of the acknowledgement forms, in compliance with 
the bank rules and regulations. The system will be process-oriented which ensures security and 
confidentiality. 

 

 

Job Description: 

 
• Verifying Test Environment 

 
• Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements 

 
• Contribution to Test Plan Documentation 

 
• Deriving Test Scenarios, Documenting Test Cases and Collecting Test Data for 

Functional Testing. 

 
• Creating Test Batches, Executing Test Cases and Reporting Defects. 

 
• Data Driven Testing with valid and invalid  inputs, and  Database Testing (Checking Data 

Integrity, Data Manipulations, and Data Comparison). 

 
• Tracking Defects, Selecting Test Cases for Re & Regression Testing. 

 
• Sanity Testing, Re & Regression Testing on modified Software Builds. 

 
• Collecting Test Metrics and Documentation. 

 
• Updating Test Cases and Test Data. 

 
• Tracking Changes, Preparing Reports and Updating Documents. 

 
• Team Communication and Customer Communication. 



 
 
 
Personal Details: 

 
Date of Birth : 31st January 1994

   

Father’s Name : Joseph C 

Nationality : Indian 

Language Known :  English, Hindi,   Malayalam  

Phone :  Home -  04852570545 

 : Mobile - +91 9048201236 

Email : aarshajose1994@gmail.com 
 
 

Arsha Jose 

mailto:aarshajose1994@gmail.com

