














































Debasish Goswami 
 

(+91) 888 601 4193                                                                        hidebasishgoswami@yahoo.com 
 

Career Objective:  
Leveraging my skills to deliver consistently superior performance, thus ensuring the growth of the 
organization I work for and simultaneously establishing myself in the field of Science and Technology. 
 

Skill Set: 

 Trained in JAVA, J2EE from Infosys Mysore. 

 HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT 

 SQL, RDBMS 

 R, PYTHON 

 Documentum Image and Capture module 

 DATA ANALYSIS  using R ( Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Inference,  

Association Analysis, Regression Analysis, Time Series Analysis) 

 Machine Learning  using R and Python ( Regression models, Classification models, Clustering 
models, Association models, Reinforcement Learning, Natural Language Processing). 
 

 Robotic process automation with Automation Anywhere and Blueprism. 

 

Employment History: 
1. Organization: Infosys Limited. 
     Designation: Technology Analyst  
     Experience: 5 years ( 03 June 2013 to till date). 
 

Interpersonal Skills: 
• Excellent track record as a team player. 

• Problem-solving and thinking laterally as part of a team, or individually, to meet the needs of the 

project. 

• Used to working efficiently with Virtual teams spread across different locations. 

• A quick learner, strongly driven with an urge to learn and adapt to new technologies. 

• Commitment to quality from design, development, and testing, possess excellent verbal and 

written communication with technical documentation skills. 

mailto:hidebasishgoswami@yahoo.com


 

Educational Qualification: 
 

B. Tech  2008-2012 B.C. ROY Engineering 
College,Durgapur 

(WBUT) 

CGPA of 8/10 

ISC 2008 The St. Xavier’s School , Malda 
(CISCE Board) 

84 

ICSE 2006 The St. Xavier’s School , Malda 
(CISCE Board) 

84 

 

 

 PROJECT EXPERIENCE 
 
 
Project 1. 

Role:   Application Developer 
Team Size:  24 

Client:  PWC 

Technology: R, Machine Learning, Core JAVA, JSP 
Duration:      July 2017 – Till Date. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Data Analysis using R which includes identifying data, classify attributes, Data pre-processing 

 Building Machine Learning models (Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest) using R to predict 
outcomes. 

 Built a UI with HTML and JSP which accepts the entire variables that client wants and showing 
the predicted results based on the choice of the models. 

 Hosting Scrum calls. 

 Managing a team of 4 people. 

 
Project 2. 

Role:   Application Developer 
Team Size:  11 

Client:  Infosys Internal Project 

Technology: R, Core JAVA, SQL, Shell Scripting 
Duration:      December 2016 – May 2017. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Application support and deployments. It included providing production support to Infosys 
Internal AI and Automation solutions and applications, deploying new solutions, administrative 
tasks.  

 Automation of support activities using Shell Scripting. 



 Creating Extractors and build Classifier models using NLP in R for Infosys internal ticketing tools 
to automate the ticketing workflow.  

 

Project 3. 

Role:   Application Developer 
Team Size:  24 

Client:  Bank Of America 
Technology: Captiva Administrator tool, UNIX, Core JAVA 
Duration:      January 2014 – September 2016. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

• Production Support of Enterprise Content Management. 

•  In this project I worked with tools like Captiva Administrator, SNAPS (Strategic New Account 

Processing System), DA . Have been flexible in Contributing and chairing all Team meetings. 

• The work involves support and enhancement of content management applications. It involves 

monitoring Documents, Captiva modules, servers, identify erred batches and rectify, reprocess 

them in a timely manner, enhance new functionality, testing reporting modules, handle account 

queue client account documents and automating some support jobs. 

• Have automated few production support jobs using JAVA. 

 

Project 4. 

Role:   Application Developer. (Systems Engineer) 
Team Size:  18 

Client: Wells Fargo 
Technology: Struts, Java, jquery, java script, css, HTML, jsp 
Duration:      October 2013 – December 2013 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

• Built an end-to-end reporting module in Struts2 framework . 

 

Certifications/Trainings/Awards: 
• Completed training in basics of computer science which included Core JAVA, J2EE, JDBC, HTML, 

CSS, JSP, JavaScript, Struts2.0, RDBMS, SQL and PL/SQL at Infosys Mysore. 

• Cleared Infosys internal certifications on DATA SCIENCE, R, PYHTON, MACHINE LARNING. 

• Cleared Infosys internal certifications on Software Engineering. 

• Cleared Infosys internal certifications on Java Programming. 



 

Extra-Curricular Interests/Achievements: 
• Core member of Hyderabad DC Mamata team.(serves the poor and needy) 

• Participated in several DC related activities for client visits in the Hyderabad DC’s. 

• Participated in football match among all units in Hyderabad. 

• Participated in cricket match among all units in Hyderabad. 

• Participated in CAB organized cricket tournament. 

• Acted as event manager for several employee engagement activities performed in Hyderabad 

DC. 

 

 PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Name:    Debasish Goswami 

Father’s Name:  Ratan Kumar Goswami 

Date of Birth:   04-Oct-1989 

Passport Number:   J8734089 

PAN Number:  AWAPG2217K 

Language Proficiency: 

Language Understand Speak Read Write 

English Y Y Y Y 

Bengali Y Y Y Y 

Hindi Y Y Y N 

 


