














































AMIT  KUMAR  DEVRALIA

Resume
Name : Rajas Ramesh Sathe

Email: rajas_00@yahoo.co.in

( 0091 -9869225058                                                                        



Career objective :

To pursue a career in a HR field in a reputed organization with a good working environment

Professional Qualifications:

	Examination
	Score
	Institute
	Year

	Diploma in Human Resource Mgmt (DHRM)
	73.8%
	Welingkar Institute of Mgmt
	      August 2009

	Master in Marketing Management (MMM)
	64.0%
	 Lala Lajpatrai

Institute of Mgmt
	May 2005


Academic Qualifications:

	Examination
	Score
	College/School, University
	Year
	Highlights

	Master in Science (Physical Chemistry)
	51.20%
	Wilson College
	May 2001
	II

	Bachelors in Science (Chemistry)
	60.50%
	Wilson College
	May 1998
	I

	HSC
	55.50%
	Elphinstone College
	March 1995
	II

	SSC
	68.57%
	St Xavier’s High School, Fort
	March 1993
	I


Work Experience:

Organization: iGatepatni (formerly called Patni Computer Systems Limited)
Duration:       December 02,2010 – Till Date

Designation:  Resource Executive w.e.f 01.01.2011 

Role :            Resource Executive

Key Deliverables:

· Acting as an Internal Resource Coordinator (IRC) for an US based large investment company under the PMO function.

· Doing Resource onboarding activities.

· Initiating background check process for resources.

· Resource Management tasks.

· Shift Allowance – MIS

· Support Monthly Project Management related activities through various MIS Reports – Revenue perspective.

· MIS function and Day to Day co-ordination with HR.

· Analyzing, Comparing and collating data of various projects.

Organization: Hewitt Associates India Pvt. Ltd
Duration: September 11th, 2006 – November 18th, 2010

Designation: Team Member (SAP HR - Payroll Executive)

Area: Payroll and Comp & Benefits (Reporting to Operational Manager)

Key Deliverables:

· Working on processes and part of Quality Control Team.
· MIS reporting liked generating 2nd Level audit report and error reports and Siebel Queue Management. Doing Comp & Benefits Process.

· Different Processes Handled (New hires, Car Fleet Management, Shift Calendars, Timesheets, Employee Record changes, MSS,  Preparation of Offer Letters, Transfer Letters, Salary Increment Letters, Promotion Letters, Training Records, Appraisals, Handling End to End payroll, Sickness & Absence, Leave’s & Resignation, Additional Payments, Time & Attendance Process, etc).

My Responsibility:-

· Working for Project: British Petroleum (BP-UK) using Applications: PeopleSoft 7.5, Siebel 7 and SAP (HCM Module 6).

· Key job is doing QA for all the processes & some time processing depending on the Siebel Queue. Exporting out reports from Siebel and and SAP and assigning the job to the team for the day. Keeping a check on the error report on daily basis. Providing an amicable solution to queries/complain/request and sometime onshore Escalations, Guiding new hires in the team giving them training and all kind of support they need for the betterment of the process. Escalating matters to the SM regarding process. Handling Time & Attendance Process.

· Working on SAP generation reports, processing of Compensation & Rewards, making additional payments, updating Sickness & Quota amendment form, Generating Transfers and Promotion Letters, preparing salary increment letters. Knowledge of recruitment process and MIS.

· Theoretical Knowledge of performance appraisal process, PF & ESIC. 

· Computer Skills

· MS Word, MS Power Point & MS Excel 

· Visual Basic Programming

          Other Qualifications – 

· Passed NCFM Mutual Advisory Module securing 53.25% 

· Current CTC       :   Rs 3.68 lakhs/annum 

· Expected CTC     :   To be the best in the industry

· Notice Period      :  90 days from accepting the offer                  

· Personal Details

Mailing Address
:      
B/26,Rigved Co-op Hg Society, Veer Savarkar Marg,

                                    Near Kirti College, Dadar (W), Mumbai – 400 028. 

                                    ® - 022-24364574 

Date of Birth
:
02/04/1978

Marital Status
:
Single

Language Known :
English, Hindi & Marathi

     Hobbies              :
Playing Carom & Cricket.

(Rajas.R.Sathe)

