







Kondapalli Kaushik
kaushikabap14@gmail.com
8978989572

3 years experience in ABAP programming and have developed reports related to Finance and Purchasing in pharamatical domain.

Working Experience
Vibgyor Drugs Pvt Ltd / GLS Pharma Pvt Ltd – Worked as developer during SAP implementation. GLS Pharma and Vibgyor Drugs are one group of companies and I have worked for GLS Pharma under Vibgyor payroll. I have worked for 1 year and 4 months under Vibgyor Drugs.

Jodas Expoim Pvt Ltd – Worked as a coordinator between Jodas and SAP implementation partner. By main job is to bridge gap between End user, business representation and Technical.

Skills
Programming: SQL, ABAP
Tools: SQLite Studio

Certifications
Participation certification on ‘Imagine IOT’ from OpenSAP
Certification of completion on 'Introduction to data analytics' from NPTEL (IIT Madars)

Projects

	Project description
	Jodas Expoim Pvt Ltd

Jodas India is manufacturing and sourcing arm of Moscow (Russia) based Jodas Expoim

	Duration
	 1 year 8 months ( December 2015 – July 2017 )

	Role
	SAP ABAP Developer and Business analyst between SAP partner and Jodas Expoim


	Modules used in project
	SD, FI, MM, PP and QM

	Contribution
	· Worked as a Business Analyst
· Provided requirement to develop custom quotation comparison report.
· Provided requirements to enable new Inventory location.  

· Maintaining proper master data
· Supporting End user in entering transactional data in SAP


	Team Size
	1

	Environment
	ECC 6.0




	Project Description
	Vibgyor Drugs Pvt Ltd / GLS Pharma Pvt Ltd

Vibgyor Drugs Pvt Ltd is a startup pharmacy established in 2013. Mainly manufacture products related to cancer. 

	Duration
	 1 year 4 months ( April 2014 – December 2015 )

	Role
	SAP ABAP Developer

	Modules used in project
	SD, FI and MM


	Contribution
	As a ABAP Developer :
· Worked on ALV and interactive reports
· Solved support issues due to data inconsistency and logical errors occurred in reports with the help of functional team
· Shared ideas and suggestions with teammates

	Team size
	4

	Environment
	ECC 6.0




Education
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering (2008 – 2012) from MaturiVenkataSubbaRao Engineering College (affiliated to Osmania University).
