






































Shiva

	S.Karthik
Address for Correspondence:

31 West Sivan Koil Street

D1 GK flats Vadapalani

Chennai - 600026

Tamil Nadu,

South India.
E-mail:

karthikmba2000@yahoo.co.in
Mobile: 91-9566072811

	Objective

To seek a challenging career in any company that gives opportunity to apply my knowledge and to excel my talents for the growth and welfare of the organization and myself.

Academic Record

Master of Business Administration (MBA)
2005-2007                    SRM School of Management 
                                      Chennai, Tamil Nadu, South India
Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA)
2002-2005               Jamal Mohammed College (Autonomous)
                                         Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu, South India
Employment History
Current Employer
Organization:  The Royal Bank of Scotland group Chennai.
Duration       :  05th  January  2009 to till date

Role             :  Executive (Mortgages)
Total years of Experience: 2.8 years
Job Description
Role: Activating and Enlivening the Mortgage Applications and providing Welcome Letter to the customers (Completions Control).                                       

Trained processes: 
· Underwriting

· Customer Maintenance

· Audit Letters

· Account Opening – AO 24*7 & FRB
MORTGAGES (COMPLETIONS CONTROL)
· Ensure Quality Checking is done efficiently and ensure accurate processing of applications.

· Meet the productivity bench mark established for the profile.

· All transactions to be processed in agreement with Work Procedure.

· Develop skills to meet the competency level.

· Enhance customer experience through an understanding of customer needs, effective communication and professional behaviour

	Words that describe me

Willing to learn

Optimistic

Practical

Patient

Sincere

Ambitious

Interests:

Listening to Music
Personal Data:

Date of Birth: June 17,1985
Gender: Male
Nationality: Indian

Marital Status: Single

 
	Personal Skills
· Proficient in Administrative and Organization skills.

· Managed the team in my team leader and Team manager’s absence for more than one month and was commended for my leadership and planning skills.

Lingual Dexterity
       English, Tamil 
About Myself
I am a confident, pragmatic, hard working, and self-motivated person. Optimism is my key and I have the attitude of “WHAT NEXT”.I has firm faith in the saying “Hard work Many times match Intelligence”. I have the thirst to achieve a lot in my work irrespective of any field. I show my identity in a team as well as in independency
Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Chennai
Date:                                                                                         (S.Karthik)



