









































URVASHI PARIHAR 
parihar.urvashi@gmail.com ● 8296380996 ● https://www.linkedin.com/in/urvashi-parihar-pgdm-756987a2/ 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE   
Seeking a Creative, Challenging and Growth Oriented Career to enhance skills and to excel it by hard work 
and determination. To seek a position that involves Challenging projects with scope to learn and contribution. 

 

EDUCATION   
Post Graduate Diploma in Management (Operations Management & Business Analytics) from XIME Banga-
lore - 5.63/8 CGPA  
Bachelor of Engineering (Telecommunications) from Sri Siddhartha Institute of Technology, VTU Bangalore - 
70% marks 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 

Wipro InfoTech: System Analyst May’12-Sep’15 



 Gather and understand requirements from Business, Liaise with Business for any issues, clarifications.  

 Convert the requirement into design problems, address issues, recommending corrections, and imple-
menting the solution.  

 Accurate status, quick response to client needs with design solutions.  

 Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau.  

 Created action filters, parameters and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tab-
leau.  

 Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending.  

 Generated context filters and data source filters while handling huge volume of data.  

 Built dashboards for measures with forecast, trend line and reference lines.  

 Published Workbooks by creating user filters so that only appropriate teams can view it.  

 Cleaning and Blending multiple data sources to allow for different views on application data in a single 
dashboard  

 Attended User requirements gathering calls & Post Implementation Review calls  

 Interacted with the stakeholders, internal partner delivery & deployment team and within the team 
members for the progress of the DU.  

 

3I INFOTECH CSL: Assistant Engineer                                                          Jun’11-Apr’12 

 Designing and creating SQL Server tables.  

 Assisting in SQL Server optimization including indexing and query optimization  

 Writing, updating and supporting reports using SQL.  

 Analyze end user database needs and provide efficient solutions.  

 Imported and exported data from text files, saved queries, or databases; used automatic outlining, inserted 
subtotals, created advanced filters, and used database functions.  

 Created pivot tables and charts in Excel using worksheet data and external resources, modified pivot tables, 
sorted items and group data, and refreshed and formatted pivot tables.  

 Designed, recorded, and executed macros to automate data entry inputs.  

 Performed data manipulation, transformation, and cleansing.  

 Prepared routine and ad hoc status reports.  



https://www.linkedin.com/in/urvashi-parihar-pgdm-756987a2/


TATA MOTORS: Operations Intern May’17-Jun’17 

 

• Worked on SQIP(Supplier Quality Improvement Program) process for vendor up gradation:  
Developed fish-bone model and performed Pareto analysis for effective performance monitoring and 

vendor rating based on quality, design, etc.  
• Developed dashboards in Tableau to predict product growth trend and high-risk areas of the organization 

based on the dimension/surface/metallurgical/discipline etc. defect patterns.  
• Created pivot tables and charts in Excel using worksheet data and external resources, performed data 

manipulation, transformation, and cleansing.  
• Conducted Manufacturing Site Assessment (MSA) for the suppliers to inspect their potential and area of 

built model to forecast the trend in different market segments and decide whether to terminate/continue 
relations with the suppliers. 

 

PROJECTS DETAIL   
 Lead team of engineers for a major government portfolio (Election Commission of India, UIDAI, and 

Judiciary). 

 Created a dashboard for ECI to do the analysis of amount spent in election based on the constituent and 
political parties overall. Analyzing the total number of votes polled and displaying candidate wise result. 

 Configured and implemented models for judiciary for the crime analysis based on Statistical Data. 
Analyzing the crime frequency by region. Mapping a city’s crimes by type. 

 Developed automated application for legal cases monitoring which slashed time/expenses on monitoring 
by 90% with the optimal resource utilization. 

 Developed and Performed UAT for UIDAI software for generating the enrolment number, tracking its 
progress and validation till the dispatch. 

 

 

MANAGEMENT SKILLS   
 Functional: Supply Chain Management, Project Management, Quality Management, Operations Management, 

Lean Six Sigma.
 Business Analytics: Dashboard, Reporting and Story creations, Advance Mapping, Forecasting, Data 

Mining, Visual Analytics.
 Technologies: Advance MS Excel, MS Access, MIS Reporting, Tableau, Big Data Analytics-Hadoop, SPSS, 

SQL Server, SSRS.

 


