












































RAJESH T

Jinal A Shah

Contact: +91-9833916830 (M)
E-Mail: shahjinal83@gmail.com
Address: C\7, Sai Baba Dham, Sai Baba Nagar, Borivali (W), Mumbai-400092.

Education:

DHRM - Diploma in Human Resource Management - Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (July 2011) 

B.Com - Thakur College of Science and Commerce. (March 2004)

HSC - Thakur College of Science and Commerce. (March 2001)

IT Skills:

Well versed with MS Office, PageMaker & Internet Applications.

Work Experience:
TCS (Previously known as Citi Group Global Services) - Goregaon (E)
From 2nd February 2007 – 15th September 2010
Job Title: Sr Customer Care Executive

Job profile  

1) Worked for six sub processes under the Bank Cards division of Citi Bank Credit Card.

2) Executed customer requests regarding their credit cards, including fee cancellation & payment credit.

3) Have worked for the Settlement process of Bank Cards which deals with offering settlement options to those card holders who are on the verge of filing bankruptcy.
Highlights
· Conducted training for MAU (Manager Assistance Unit- a process of Bank Cards) before moving on to the critical process of Settlement.

· Assisted 2 batches of new joiners in training for the Settlement process. (Class room as well as OJT)

· Managed daily work allocation.

· Communicated with the onshore SMEs to discuss process related issues and updates.

· Conducted 100% quality checks and provided feedback to the trainees.

· Query solving

Highlight:

Achieved ‘Zero Defect’ certificate for quality.

IBM Daksh – Mindspace, Malad (W) 

From 7th January 2005 to 1st February 2007

Job Title: Customer Service executive (eBay – Web process)

Job Profile:

1) Dealt with requests and queries of the eBay customers (Online sellers and buyers) via emails.

2) Executed customer requests regarding their accounts with ebay and addressed complaints.
Highlights:

· Successfully completed the quality training program.

Other Interests

1) Drawing – Achieved Elementary and Intermediate Drawing Certificates.

2) Was member of the Bank Cards Fun committee at TCS.

Languages known: English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati

Date of Birth
    : 6th April 1983
