













































DEEPAK  KUMAR  RAI

	SHUBHAM AGARWAL

	              DOB:28th May 1988
              Email: shubham.agarwal028@gmail.com

              Contact No.: 09411699468


	CAREER OBJECTIVE



To accept the challenges and implement them with dedication and innovation for the success
of an organization.
	PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY


· Technological Skills include C, C++, Java, J2EE, VB.Net.

· Possess sound knowledge of SDLC Cycle of Software development. Good knowledge of software process improvement techniques involved during the course of software development.

· Exceptionally well organized; result-oriented; strong work ethics and willingness to work hard to achieve organizational objective.
· Strong attention to detail with outstanding problem solving skills.

	SOFTWARE EXPOSURE


	Programming Languages
	: C/C++, Java, J2EE, VB.Net

	Database
	: SQL Server

	Applications
	: MS-Office

	Operating System
	: Windows


	CERTIFICATIONS


	Name of Certification
	Date Certified

	NIIT Certification in VB.Net
	31st Aug 2009


	PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION


· B.Tech (2006-2010) in Computer Science & Engineering with 74% marks from Invertis Institute of Engineering And Technology; Bareilly affiliated to U.P.T.U. (Luck now).
	EDUCATION 


	Qualification
	 Yr. of passing
	Board


	School/College
	   % of marks



	12th
	2006
	I.S.C.
	G.P.M. Inter College
Bareilly.
	61.75

	10th 
	2004
	I.C.S.E.
	G.P.M. Inter College

Bareilly.
	54.40


	PROJECT DETAILS


1) Project Information:
	Project
	Encryption using Key Vector & Randomness in S-DES

	Description
	We have developed a block cipher for a block of size 256 bits. The key contains 32 numbers and it is represented as a block of 256 bits by using a matrix. The plaintext which is of 32 characters is also represented as a matrix of 256 binary bits. The development of cipher is essentially represented by S-DES network and we have used 2 rounds for encryption. The algorithms given for the encryption- decryption, permutation found that the cipher cannot be broken by the brute force attack or known plaintext attack. Moreover since we have used the random substitution boxes and since the permutations and substitutions are based on key, the cryptanalysis is very difficult. Keeping all the above aspects in view, we conclude that the cipher is a very interesting one and it cannot be broken by any cryptanalytic attack.

	Language Used
	C & C++


2) Project Information:
	Project
	Calendar Cum Digital Diary

	Description
	This project includes 3 sections viz- Calendar, Phonebook & Digital diary. The Calendar section is designed to retrieve the day corresponding to the date enter by the user. This is 500 years calendar starting from year 1600. The phonebook section includes the maintenance of his person name and his phone number with a limitation of maximum of 5 phone no. for each person. The digital diary section has been developed to handle the reminders and memos of the user. A person can view the contents of the digi-diary, add a reminder, or modify an existing reminder.

	Language Used
	C & C++


3) Project Information:

	Project
	Time Table Scheduler

	Description
	This project includes a time table of whole college or school which period is assigned to which teacher how many classes in a week for one faculty all these things will be there.

	Language Used
	VB.Net


	TRAINING


· Done one and half month Training in The Hiring Tool, Hyderabad
· Done one and half month Training in Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd.
	WORK EXPERIENCE


· Employer  :
Krishna Public School - Faridpur Road, Bareilly

Duration   :
1 year  as a Technical Assistant in COMPUTER DIVISION.
	AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 


· Member of “Event Management Team” at the College Level.

· Program Coordinator at “FOUL PLAY”, the Annual College Festival in year 2009&2010.
· Won 1st Prize in Volleyball Competition at school level.
	REFERENCES


· Mr.Ravi Shankar Shukla (H.O.D Of IT Department)
Invertis Institute Of Engineering & Technology

Mob. 09411974816

	DECLARATION


I hereby declare that the particulars given herein are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. And understand that if any information given above is incorrect my candidature is liable to be rejected.

Date:








        SHUBHAM AGARWAL
Place:

- 2 -


