
















































Malabika Maiti

Seeking a FULL-TIME Digital Marketing Internship/ Job opportunity...

jobs_for_me@yahoo.com, 9002576119, Gocchibowli, Hyderabad


Summary

Now looking for a FULL TIME entry level position into Digital Marketing/ Internet Marketing/ Social Media Marketing/ Online Branding and Promotion field... Currently working as Intern for short term Digital Marketing projects for international recruiters, affiliate marketers, online sellers and promoters from Feb 2017 to present. Also worked as Social Media Recruiter/ Digital Recruiter on CONTRACTUAL basis for Primary Recruiters/ Account Managers involved in US Staffing and Recruitment processes. My area of work was handling ONLINE job portal and AI driven AUTOMATED Recruitment Platforms and CRM/ VMS to channelize job opening LINKS to Digital Marketing Channels like Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+ etc. I was also involved in Online Reputation Management via Branding and Promotion for client companies, Staffing Firms and their Direct Clients alike from July 2015- Jan 2017. Mainly involved in MAR-TECH and applying TECHNOLOGICAL advantages like APPS, Social Media, Visual, Typography and Infographic Messaging, Videos, Content, Development Environment, AI and Automation to successfully run DIGITAL/ ONLINE MARKETING CAMPAIGNS...

Studied departmental mbm (CU) and batch 2013-15.

B.Tech in Food Technology from Techno India, Salt Lake, WBUT, Kolkata and received graduation certificate in May 2013.


Experience

Digital Marketing Intern( also undergoing courses on core concepts of Digital Marketing via Udemy) at Digital Marketing

February 2017 - Present

Online Presence/ Advertisement ( Social Media Outreach and Promotion )- AFFILIATE MARKETING

Digital Marketing Intern at Freelance Marketing and Creative Services July 2015 - January 2017 (1 year 7 months)

Job posting for US job vacancies in job boards and sharing job application LINKS in Social Media on behalf of Corporate Recruiters and Sourcers who were involved into International Recruitment for US job market. Digitally promote company brand or job vacancies by DIGITALLY broadcasting them ONLINE. Create promotional videos and relevant visual content. Per assignment based payment and freelance work. Mainly Online Marketing of products, courses, ebooks, promotional contents and also digital broadcasting of job news and hiring events targeting the right candidate




Page 1

audience so that both the parties get matched for what they are looking out ! Also selling of open candidate profiles to company clients needing the right fit.



Education
Graduation, Techno India (wbut), Salt Lake

btech, Food Technology and Processing, 2008 - 2012

Activities and Societies: • Participated in Prakriti 2011, agri and food innovation fest for Agriculture and Food Engineering Department held at IIT Kharagpur. • Industrial visits to factory franchises . • Actively participated in all fests and other cultural and technical events . University of Calcutta

PGDBM, Business Management, 2013 - 2015

12th ,West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education . 12th,Higher Secondary Examination 2007 ., Science, 2005 - 2007 10th ,West Bengal Board Of Secondary Education . Secondary Education 2005 ., 2004 - 2005

St Agnes School, Kharagpur

Primary Schooling up to 5th grade, ICSE

Activities and Societies: Co-educational and convent schooling











































Page 2

Malabika Maiti

Seeking a FULL-TIME Digital Marketing Internship/ Job opportunity...

jobs_for_me@yahoo.com









Contact Malabika on LinkedIn























































Page 3
