



















































Divya Ghate

 : +91 7083973507                                                                    :divyaghate1009@gmail.com							

Accepts new challenges and complete it at any condition. I want to become a good software developer as well as successful person and do always best with my Honesty, knowledge and technical skills to contribute for company’s success.

Professional Synopsis

· Experience of requirement gathering, Initial analysis and development and problem solving skills. 
· Experience in Programming,Designingand Implementation.
· Conversant with Coding, Designing.
· Debugging and exception handling.

Skills Set

TECHNICAL

	Languages:
	Android, Java, C, C++, Vb.net , advanced Java

	Framework :
	Visual Studio, Spring

	Web Design:
	HTML, CSS, JSP, SERVLET.

	Database
	SQL Server 2008,Ms-Access, Oracle.

	IDE & Tools:
	 VS 2010/2012,  Eclipse, Net Beans, Android Studio

	Web Server:
	Apache tomcat, Glassfish




Personal Skills

· Fast Learning & Problem solving attitude.
· Highly committed individual.
· Able to perform under pressure.
· Ability to learn and comprehend new skills.
· Patience  level is more.

Education

· BCA from Sant Gadge Baba Amaravati University Appering
· Passed H.S.C. Examination from the Maharashtra State Board in the year 2016 with 51%.
· Passed S.S.C. Examination from the State Board in the year 2012 with 64.20.
· 












Personal Profile

Full Name					:	Divya Ghate
Present Address					:          Yamuna Nagar, Nigadi, Pune-411044.
Date of Birth                                                   :          10th  Sept, 1996
Marital Status                      			:	Single
Sex						:	Female
Languages Known                                           :           English, Hindi and Marathi
Hobbies					:         Singing, Dancing & Poetry making.




Declaration

I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and believe

Place: Pune
Date:                                                                                                     										

              Divya Ghate

