












































N

SUGANTHAN S

Mail Id: suganmba@gmail.com
Mobile:  9943467983

Objective:

To be associated with the technology development and to continuously hone my skills to foster a prospective career pursuit.

Academic Qualifications:
Master of Business Administration (Specialized in Finance)

SASTRA University, Thanjavur

Month & Year of completion, April 2008

Scored 6.46 CGPA 

Bachelor of Computer Application 

Bishop Heber College, Affiliated to Bharathidasan University, Trichy 

Month & Year of completion, May 2006

Scored 68%

Experience:

Consim Info Pvt. Ltd. Chennai

(A Group of bharatmatrimony.com, indiaproperty.com and clickjobs.com)

(From Apr-11 to Till now)

Designation: Executive - Operations (OAS)

Job Profile:

· Working with Oracle 12.1.

· Preparing reconciliation statements for monthly orders

· Experienced with Receivables, Cash management and Order management in Oracle.

· Creation of customized reporting in erp by working with technical staff. Providing the financial requirement and aligning it with technical feasibility.

· Experienced with tracking orders right from the order management system till their invoicing and accounting in the general ledger.

· MIS reporting on receivables and Orders to top management.

Computer Age Management Services Pvt. Ltd (CAMS), Chennai. 
(From Sep-08 to Apr-11)

Designation: Processing Officer (Reconciliation)

Job Profile:

· Preparing Monthly Banking Reconciliation Statement and daily bank reconciliation statement for Schemes in Mutual fund

· Handling Electronic Clearing Service (ECS) for SIP investors.

· Follow up of pending uncleared payment(Reconciliation unmatch)

· Preparing MIS reports

· Handling Fund Transfer/Online Transactions/Channel Investor accounts.

· Coordinating with AMC for Reconciliation queries

· Coordinating with Bank for bank related queries 

· Coordinating with Channel partners for SIP queries

Software Skills:

· Operating Systems-Windows xp/Professional/98/2000

· Package-  VB, ASP, Ms- Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint & Access)

Additional Qualifications:

· Got Distinction in Junior Grade Typewriting

· Diploma in Web Technology

Personal Details:

	Address for
Communication
	     Muthu Illam, No-17

     Chitti babu Nagar,

     Pallikaranai,

  Chennai – 600100.


	Father Name
	M.Selvaraj

	Date of Birth
	12-09-1985

	Sex
	Male

	Marital Status
	Single


Declaration:

I do hereby declare that the above-furnished particulars are true to be the best of my knowledge and belief. I assure that if an opportunity is provided, I will devote myself with full involvement to the duties entrusted to me and discharge my duties to the entire satisfaction of superiors.  

Date:






          Submitted in Confidence by

Place:







      (SUGANTHAN S)

