














































SMRUTI ROUT      Mobile: +91-8248551337, +91-9092127024 
        E-mail: smrutirout25@gmail.com 

  
OBJECTIVE: 

 

To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and 

self-development and help me achieve personal as well as organization goals. 

 

Educational credentials: 

 

 MBA in HR and Finance from Sathyabama University, Chennai in 2013 

 B.Sc Geography, Tourism & Travel Management from Madras Christian College, Chennai in 2011                                                                                                                            

 Class 12th (Humanities stream) from Kendriya Vidyalay No.1, Chennai (CBSE Board) in 2008 

 CLASS 10th from Kendriya Vidyalaya No.2, Kanpur (CBSE Board) in 2006 

Professional snapshot: 
 

 A budding professional with 3 years and 5 months of experience in the finance related areas with a 

particular emphasis on analysis, investigation and receivable management.  

 Knowledgeable in supporting the functional coordination activities for the unit including the whole 

accounting cycle.  

Professional experience: 

 

 Worked as Senior Associate in WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd., Chennai from April 2016 to March 2018 

into Disbursement Accounting Process which is a combination of Accounts Payable and Accounts 

Receivable process. 

 Worked as Transaction Process Associate in Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd., Chennai from September 2014 

to February 2016 into Accounts Receivable process. 

 

 

WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd.: 

 

 Invoice Processing such as Revenue Invoice, Vendor invoice, Sub-Agent Invoice, Credit Invoice, 

Markup\Mark Down Invoice, Discounts, etc. 

 Performing ROE “Rate of Exchange, VAT \ GST \ TAX calculation to post invoice. 

 Performing three way match for booking Vendor invoice in POPDA \ YOURISS2 application. 

 Performing FDA generation “Sales Invoice Creation” and dispatch it to customer for further 

Receivables. 

 Dispatching the FDAs through various modes such EFDA, Principal website, Shared drive upload and 

Courier via the vessel operator as per customer’s requirement. 

 Performing various creation of Invoice such as Original, Supplemental, Correction and Credit Invoice. 

 Performing Appointment Analysis “ensuring all the check points are met” for further Invoice booking 

and Invoice creation. 

 Identifying missing Revenue before closing FDA by cross checking order creation and invoice posting 

done as per agreed Contract. 

 Preparing Principal Specific Cover Sheet, DA summary sheet, Crew Mapping as per customer 

requirement. 

mailto:smrutirout25@gmail.com


 Cross checking FDA balance with Financial Accounting Software Package (DREAMS) to ensure 

accuracy on accounting 

 Accountable for Time Bar DA, CLS & Hub FDA are prioritized and closed on time. 

 Follow up with Port operator to get pending vendor invoices, supporting against aged Open calls and 

ensure FDA closure.   

 Handling Customer and Port operator queries and also raising queries with Port Operator such as Order 

mismatch, Supporting documents, Approvals etc. 

 Preparing of daily report such as Open voyage status, Dispatch status and invoice acknowledgement 

and shared with my manager for further review 

 Part of operational review meeting with locations to seek location assistance and get their feedback 

 

ACCENTURE Services Pvt. Ltd.: 
 

 Downloading, allocating and reconciling bank statements. 

 Sending Ageing and overdue reports to clients on weekly basis.  

 Cross currency allocation and reconciling agents account. 

 Managing details of ageing computerized and data entry, order processing functions and sales journal. 

 Handling suspense accounts and minimizing the suspense value consistently. 

 Managing debtor accounts and cash allocation. 

 Administering cash allocations, journals, and general ledger. 

 Liaising with the Accounts Payable Team and intimate the refund requests received from the customers. 

 Performing daily reconciliation process. 

 Handling customer calls regarding the payments. 

 Ensuring that maximum cash is allocated to customers account on time and accurately. 

 Sending balance confirmation and SOA (statement of accounts) to customers on monthly basis.  

 Setting up the contract in tool according to the agreed deal with the customer. 

 Processing the Invoicing for all the regions within provided TAT. 

 Following up with any issues that would cause delays in invoicing and interacting with the manager to 

resolve the issue and avoid delays. 

 Ensuring that Service Level Agreement (SLA) metrics are consistently met/exceeded. 

 Ensuring that productivity target of 95%. Is met consistently every month. 

 Monitoring and assigning the activities when there is huge volume. 

 Preparation and Consolidating rejections and errors report. 

 Preparing SLA report of invoicing process on monthly basis. 

 Daily basis preparing invoicing reports for dashboard. 

 Preparing Minutes of Meeting after Client calls. 

 Resolving all Business Unit queries on a timely manner with good quality output. 

 Maintaining the productivity tracker daily basis and sending the final report to management. 

 Maintaining Leave tracker for my team and updating it on a daily basis 

 Responsible for solving people issues as a people developer. 

 Providing training for new staffs in the areas such as client relations, system operations and procedures. 

 Training new joiners and giving hands on practice within training period. 

 

Achievements: 

 E-award for the best performer  

 Received appreciation from the clients for reaching their expectations. 



 Provided process improvement ideas by self also got implemented. 

 Played role as fun SPOC i.e. Fun at work every Friday also conducting events for Team members’  

birthday celebration. 

 Received League of Champion awards for best performance. 

 

Technical skill: 

 
Accounting applications: OLAS, SAP, SIMBA, e-SIBA, Walker, Transform Content Center, WEBI – Web 

Intelligence (BUSINESS OBJECT), YOUR ISS/2 and Dream 

Basic applications:  

 OS: Windows 7, Windows xp 

 Microsoft Office 2013/2010 

 Citrix 
 

Project: 

 
Name  : A Study on Quality of Work Life 

Company           : TTK Healthcare Ltd. 

  

Internship: 

 

 21 days Internship in Air India. 

Others: 

 
Achievements in:  

 Dance, Songs, Creative art 

 National seminar 

 Symposium 

Interested in: Travelling, Adventure sports, Poster presentation, Hindi essay writing, Playing Badminton, 

Dancing, Listening music and Drawing. 

Personal details: 

 
Date of Birth  : 25-07-1990 

Gender   : Female 

Marital Status  : Married  

Strengths   : Honesty, positive attitude, confidence, knowledge 

Languages  : English, Hindi and Odia  

 

Declaration: 

 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true and correct to my knowledge and belief. 

 

Place: Bangalore                                                                          (SMRUTI ROUT) 


