










































Contact: +918818964559 

Email: msumit35@gmail.com 

 

To work with a professionally managed IT Organization which offers me the opportunity to work in an 

environment that would challenge my technical skills and offers professional growth. I would like to 

learn more Microsoft technologies and involve in planning, designing and development to improve my 

skills. 

 

• Overall 1 years 9 months of IT experience in web based application development using Asp.net 

C#, MVC4, Ado.Net, MS SQL Server, Entity Framework, Windows Service, HTML,CSS, 

JavaScript/jQuery. 

• Versed in waterfall development techniques. 

•  Proficient in coding and developing new programs. 

• Ability to learn quickly any skills/concepts. 

 

Programming Languages: C#.Net 

Microsoft Technologies: Asp.Net, MVC, ADO.Net 

Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery 

RDBMS & Tools: SQL Server 2008 

Web Server: IIS 7.0 

 

• Worked in Cognizant Technology Solutions as Programmer from Sept’2015 to Jun’2017. 

 

 

Sumit Mahajan 

OBJECTIVE 

CAREER SUMMARY 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

WORK SUMMARY 



 

Project Title: US Hospitality Client 

Technical Environment: C#, Asp.Net MVC, SQL Server 2008, Javascript/Jquery, Web Api 

Duration: May’2016 – Jun’2017 

Description:  

This project is an Online Ordering Application which gives the client Enterprise Digital Platform 

for sales and Branding. It is scalable, reliable and secure architecture to support business. It has 

some necessary modules such as Registration, Payment Service, Cart, Survey etc. There are also 

administrative facilities such as configure Menus, deals, vouchers etc.  

Responsibilities:  

• Responsible for enhancements of functionality and fixing issues. 

• Developing the program as per the client requirements. 

• Worked remotely with the team to complete the project. 

• Created windows service for Email notification, update order status. 

 

Project Title: US Hospitality Client 

Technical Environment: C#, Asp.Net, SQL Server 2008, SharePoint, Javascript 

Duration: Feb’2016 – May’2016 

Description: 

The purpose of this project is to create an application for internal organization. This application 

is built in SharePoint that helps us to update the financial numbers and to be up to date. This is 

basically used on year end to update the revenue and sales of the company. In addition, there is 

news feed where all can see the information about the organization. 

Responsibilities:  

• Responsible for enhancing the functionalities. 

• Site migration from SharePoint 2007 to 2010. 

• Performed unit testing. 

• Performed various validations. 

 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 



ACHIEVEMENTS 

 

Successfully completed training in Dot Net Technology. 

Company Name: Cognizant Technology Solutions 

Project Done: Bus Ticket Reservations System 

 

Pursued Bachelor of Computer Applications from ‘The Bhopal School of Social Sciences College’. 

Following are the percentage I received during the course of study: 

Degree Year University/Board Specialization CGPA/Result (%) 

B.C.A 2015 Barkatullah 

University 

Computer 

Applications 

66.5 

H.S.C 2012 M.P Board Commerce + 

Maths 

69 

S.S.C 2010 M.P Board - 77 

 

 

Project Title : Weather Information System 

Functionality : Gives Temperature of particular cities, User Friendly 

API used : Used APIs from Wonder Underground 

Key Learning : use APIs from online, Language independent  

 

• Secured 3rd position in Inter College Exposition of our college (2013). 

• Secured 1st position in Shot Put in Inter School Competition twice (2011-12). 

  

 

MINOR PROJECT: 

 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

 

Training 

 



 

Name   : Sumit Mahajan 

Father’s name  : Mr Ravindra Mahajan 

Mother’s name  : Mrs Sangita Mahajan 

Date of Birth  : 30 September 1994 

Nationality  : Indian 

Language Known : English, Hindi 

 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the 

responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 

 

Place: Bhopal        Date: 

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

DECLARATION 

 


