























































SATISH MAJJI | Software Engineer
Email: satishmajji27@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9059720722
Hyderabad, India, 500018

B.Tech (Mechanical Engineering)
International Institute of Information Technology, Basar


Professional Profile

Self-motivated software professional with demonstrated knowledge of multiple technologies having worked with .Net, MVC, SQL Server, Oracle PL/SQL, SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), JavaScript, Ajax and Telerik controls for 3+ years in industry.


Education

	Certification
	Specialization
	Institution
	Year of Passing
	CGPA

	B.Tech
	Mechanical Engineering
	International Institute of Information Technology, Basar
	2015
	7.82

	P.U.C
	M.Bi.P.C
	International Institute of Information Technology, Basar
	2011
	8.47









Professional Experience

Support Analyst, Tech Mahindra Ltd., Hyderabad (July, 2015 – Present)
Technologies	– .NET, SQL Server Reporting Services, Oracle PL/SQL, SQL Server	

1. Worked on two enhancement projects which needed expertise in .NET and SSRS.
2. Developed a feature which will generate an Excel, using EPPlus package, along with request data and it will be sent to user’s inbox as an email attachment. 
3. Level 3 support – Provided various technical support services for the client’s software applications, including problem analysis and resolution.
4. Lead team in the support activities and in the meetings with business.
5. Developed and deployed multiple changes as fixes for the issues in the applications.
6. Suggested, developed and implemented Seven Service Improvement proposals.


Technical Proficiencies

	
	.NET 4.0
	Proficient

	C#
	Expert

	ADO.NET
	Proficient

	ASP.NET

MVC
	Proficient

Proficient

	LINQ     

AZURE            
	Proficient 

Beginner

	EMC Captiva
	Proficient

	EMC Documentum
	Proficient



	
	JavaScript
	Proficient 



 HTML                Proficient

 CSS                    Proficient

 TFS                    Proficient

 Web API           Beginner

 
	
	ORACLE PL\SQL
	Proficient


  SSRS                 Proficient

  SQL Server      Proficient

  Entity               Proficient
  Framework 	





Related Work

Developed and Automated SSRS reports using SSRS – Tech Mahindra
This project was an application enhancement involving creation of Report server project in SSDT. It generates the required reports and sends them to users as configured in it.

Redesigned Shipper application – Tech Mahindra
This project was to upgrade an application developed using .Net2.0 to .Net4.0. User experience and interface have been improved drastically with this. Received multiple user appreciations for improved performance.
 
Created a Ticket monitoring app – Tech Mahindra
This project was an internal enhancement which will help and save time for the entire support team to monitor tickets without logging into ticketing tool by notifying ticket details through an email.

Areas of Interest

1. Software application design and development
2. Mobile application/game development

Achievements

1. Multiple customer appreciations for delivering consistent application support. 9/10 rating from the customer for developed projects.
2. Received ‘Pat On Back’ award for excellence in support delivery.


Confident that my unique skill set and experience will be good assets to your organization, I look forward to the opportunity to discuss my potential contributions towards accomplishing your organizational goals.


