










































                                                                                            
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Objective 

              Looking forward for an opportunity in challenging and quality environment to utilize my 

skills in contribution effectively to the up growth of the Organization. 
 
 

Education 

 

Degree 

 

Specialization University/School Year  % 

M.Sc., Biotechnology School of Biotechnology, 

Bharathiar University, 

Coimbatore, India. 

2010 68% 

  

Experience:  

 
I. July 2016 to Present: R&D, Caplin Point Laboratories, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. 

 

II. April 2014 to June 2016: TATA Chemicals limited, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. 
 

III. May 2013 to April 2014: R&D, VB Medicare (Subsidiary of Bioplus Life Science) 
Hosur, Tamil Nadu, India. 

 

IV. June 2010 to April 2013: R&D, Orchid Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals, Chennai, 

Tamil Nadu, India. 
 

 

Job Responsibilities 
                

➢ Data analytics, presentation and pharmaceutical data management. 
 

➢ Analyzing research protocols to determine compliance with relevant regulations.  
 

➢ Data interpretation, formulate reports and make recommendations. 
 

➢ New product forecasting and statistical analysis. 
 

CURRICULUM VITAE    

A.SATHIASEELAN M.Sc.,  

R&D, Caplin point laboratories, 

Perungudi, Chennai, 

Mobile: 9940969006                                                                               

E-mail: sathyabiob11@gmail.com 
     
       

 



➢ Data collection and report generation on weekly, monthly and quarterly basis. 
  

➢ Maintaining matrix for different products as per the requirements of different, 
Regulatory agencies. 

 

➢ Creating customized reports based on specification given by clients. 
 

➢ Co-ordination with various departments like production, QA, QC, R&D for Regulatory 
documents submission.  

 
➢ Gather customer requirements and build custom analytics based reporting and analytics 

solutions. 
 

➢ Reviewing Product development protocol as per regulatory (USFDA) market 
requirement. 

 

Personal Details 

            

                Sex     :  Male. 

 

                Languages known   :  Tamil and English. 

 

                Skype ID        :  sathya.anbazhagan 

 

                   Permanent address   :  Plot No: 40 Sengundram nagar,  

                                                                   Thiruparankundram, Madurai,  

        Tamil Nadu, India. 

                                                                                                                                             

 

Declaration 

I hereby declare that the above information given by me is true to the best of my 

Knowledge. 

 

Place:  Chennai.                                                                                     Yours Sincerely 

Date:    27.12.18                                                                             A. Sathiaseelan 


