


















































Curriculum vitae

Name:-		      Anirban Dey	
Contact No:-	      9088595032
Mail Id:	-	      anirbandey586@gmail.com	

Career Objective:-  Seeking a Challenging position in the field of economics and accounting or the teaching line to share my knowledge for the growth of the students. So as to utilize my skills for organization and as well as individual growth.
Key Skills:-
  Have a quality for adopting new concepts of studies as well as responsibilities.
 Able to achieve immediate and long term goals.
 Excellent know how on Economic theories and accounting.
 Ability to deal with people diplomatically quick l% Marks
 Technical Skills:
		 Well versed with on Ms-Office ( Ms- PowerPoint, Ms- Word, Ms- Excel, MS-Access)
		   as group.
		 Excellent knowledge how on Economic theories and Accounting.
		 Can create a comfortable learning environment.
   Hobbies:-
		 Interacting with Peoples.
		 Playing Cricket and Football.
   Industrial Exposure:-
(a)    Company Name:- Smart Solution ( A Vendor Complany of Reliance Jio)
 Designation: Billing Executive.
 Summer Trainee Duration:-  Worked more than One Year.
Roles and Responsibilities:-  (i) Invoice Processing.
			           		  (ii) Supervisation of telecom project.
			                               (iii) Reporting & processing of Work flow.
(b)  Company Name :- I PROCESS (ICICI BANK GROUP OF COMPANY)
 Designation:- Senior Executive .
 Summer Trainee Duration :- Working more than two year four months
 still.
 Roles and Responsibilities:
 (i) To Provide Personal Loan  & Business Loan to the customer.
			 (ii) To prepare documentation for processing of Loan.
                                           
	
      Personal Details:-
		Date of Birth:-		 24th January’1994
		Nationality :-		 Indian
		Religion:- 		Hindu
		Marital Status: - 	Single
		Languages Known:- 	Bengali, Hindi, English.
			Address:-	  	Sodepur, Natagarh, Panchanantala, SubhasRoad, P.O- Natagarh, P.S- Ghola.
						Pin- 700113
