



















































            

CURRICULUM VITAE                                                          
  

 
   
 
 

 

 

Personal Information 

 
Full Name: Mr. Dharmendra Kumar 
Location: Gurgaon 
Job Title: Sr. Clinical Programmer 
Email/Phone: Dharmendra.sinha08@gmail.com / +91-9008412264 
Country of Residence: India 
Regular / Temp Status: Regular 

 

Summary 

Currently working as a Sr. Clinical Data Programmer Syneos health (Previous INC Research CDS Service 
Pvt. Ltd.) with 5.3 years of professional experience with Quintiles Research India Pvt. Ltd. and Syneos 
health. Worked as a Programmer on multiple clinical trials in various Therapeutic Areas. The 
Responsibilities of the current position include providing Database design, Migration set-up, Validation 
set-up (edit checks) and various Integration setup with data management team in delivering quality data 
management products that meet customer needs with hands on experience in Building Database in 
Clinical Domain with strong skills in Medidata RAVE. Proficient in prioritizing and completing tasks in a 
timely manner, yet flexible to multitask when necessary. Enjoying learning new programs and process. A 
team player who is attentive to detail and able to work in a Fast paced environment. 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES – 
 
• Responsibility of Lead Clinical Programmer on multiple studies, from initial discussions and CRF design. 
Experienced in study build and maintenance, CRF design, edit check programming, Custom Functions, 
Lab Administration, Migrations, Publish Edits, Balance, tSDV, mCTMS, Web Services (RWS), Coder setup 
and general URL administration. Part of the global support group providing support and guidance on all 
previously mentioned items as well as core configuration and general study administration tasks. 
 
 • Assist in planning and coordinating database design, development, implementation, maintenance, 
and   user support of clinical systems. 
 
• Assist with programming, testing, and documenting databases in accordance with programming 
standards and validation procedures. 
 
• Assist with programming database manipulations and transfers of data for internal and external 
clients. 
 
• Involving in the timeline review and provide input according to programming prospective on the same. 
 



            

CURRICULUM VITAE                                                          
  

 
   
 
 

• CTMS Integration setup to improves the efficiency of clinical operations, streamlining workflows in 
areas such as site monitoring and site payments 
 
• IWRS and IRT integration with vendors and XML code drafting in data import agreement which help to 
transfer data from external source to RAVE. 
 
• Meet objectives as assigned, and interact with the project team to organize timelines, responsibilities 
and deliverables. 
 
• Develop and maintain good communications and working relationships with CDM team. 
 
• Drafting of Data import agreement of vendor which help to transfer the data from outside or rave or 
web service integration. 
 
• Attending QSC meeting before study start up and understand the study team requirement.  
 
• Monitors the scope of work to actual work, alerting management of potential change orders.  
Manages and executes the change order to completion.  Provides input and supporting details for 
change orders. 
 
 

Formal Educational History 

 
Last Date Attended Institution Name, 

Country 
Education 
Level/Degree 

Area of Study Completion Status 

07/2012 Chhattisgarh 
Institute of 
Technology 
Rajnandgaon, 
Chhattisgarh, India 

Bachelor Of 
Engineering 

Information 
Technology 

Completed 

 
 

Employment History 

Department: Clinical Database Programming 

 
Organization Designation Duration 

Quintiles Research India Pvt. Ltd. Assoc Programmer-Intern Aug/2013 - Nov/2013 
  Assoc Programmer Dec/2013 - Mar/2014 
  Assoc Programmer II Apr/2014  - Sep/2015 
Syneos Health Clinical Programmer II Oct/2015  - Sep/2018 
  Sr. Clinical Programmer Oct/2018  - Till Date 

 



            

CURRICULUM VITAE                                                          
  

 
   
 
 

 

Department Specific Experience 

 

Category Experience (Year) 
Medidata Rave 5.3 

EDC  5.3 

Database Design and Build 5.3 

Edit Check Programming 5.3 

RAVE Core Configuration Customization 5.3 

RAVE Study Administration Management  5.3 

Database/Edit Check Testing 5.3 

Use of Global Library 5.3 

Migration Setup and Plan Creation 5.3 

Amendment Manager  5.3 

Managed Study Start-Up 5.3 

Lab Setup 5.3 

Reports Review 5.3 

Coder Configuration 5.3 

CTMS Integration  5.3 

IWRS Integration  5.3 

Custom Function  2.6 

TSDV Configuration 2.0 

Balance Integration  2.0 
 
 
 

Language(s) 

 
Language Speaking  Reading Writing 
Hindi Fluent Fluent Fluent 
English Fluent Fluent Fluent 

 
 



            

CURRICULUM VITAE                                                          
  

 
   
 
 

Other Relevant Information 

Licenses and Certifications     

• Medidata RAVE SDBE Certification, 2014 
 


	Personal Information
	Summary
	Formal Educational History

	Employment History
	Department: Clinical Database Programming

	Department Specific Experience
	Language(s)
	Other Relevant Information
	Licenses and Certifications


