














































 

                            APPALANAIDU POTHALA       

 

Mobile  :  +91-9291498840,7337043322             Email :  kashi.appalanaidu@gmail .com 

            

CAREER OBJECTIVE : 

 

An energetic, self motivated, hard working Human Resource with an experience of 7+ years.  A 

keen analyst with exceptional relationship skills and abilities in liaising with people and deft in 

managing day-to-day operations. Possess abilities to cement healthy professional relationships 

with clients for generating and expanding business leading towards accomplishing business and 

corporate goals.            

     

CAREER GRAPH:   
 

Name of the organization Designation Period 

Dr Reddys Laboratories Limited Asst Manager 

HR&Adm 

Oct’2018 to till 

MSN Laboratories Limited Senior Executive – 

HR&Adm 

April 2018 to Oct’2018 

Mylan Laboratories Limited     Senior Asst  -  HR 

&Adm 

Jan -2015 to 02nd April 2018 

Ramoji Group – UKML     Executive – HR & 

Adm 

Jan-2012 to Jan-2015 

IVRCL Limited             HR  

   Project Coordinator 

           1 Year  

      

Responsibilities: 

Recruitment: -  

 Sourcing right candidates as per requirement, through different sources, like 
job portals- Naukri, references. 

 Recruiting candidates for the positions of Junior level, Middle level and Senior 
level candidates. 

 Job posting, Advertising vacancies & searching for potential candidates. 
 Telephonic screening of applicants to assess Technical competence, Credentials. 
 Maintain complete Recruitment Database including inflow by augmenting 

relevant resumes on a periodic basis through various sources. 
 Organizing various levels of technical interviews and coordinating with technical 

panel on candidate assessment & taking care of salary negotiation, finalization 
of offer, updating candidate details in HRMS and offer roll out. 



 

 Developing Sourcing Strategy/ Plan for various requirements. 
 Evaluate the profiles, shortlist and submission of right fit profiles to 

management. 
 Help the Team Manager in developing candidate database. 
 Preparation and submission of MIS reports. 
 Issuing offer letters and salary stackup to the shortlisted candidates 
 Generating recruitment for approval  
 After offering the candidate follow-up them for Pre - Employment Medical check 

up & date of joining and holding their interest. 
 Conducted walk-in interviews for various departments. 
 Handling end to end activities of Outsourcing recruitment. 
 Issuing Appointment letter to the new recruit employee 
 Handling documentation at the time of joining formalities. 
 Giving employee code, all things necessary to employee 
 Preparing all documentation part during joining & to complete all formalities 

with employee. 

Time Office /Payroll: - 

 Executed monthly payroll analysis before closing the payroll of the month 
through the SAP (Enduser) 

 Employee attendance, leaves, shift, overtime, and calculating working hours, 
public holidays, and handling overall payroll grievances at the plant level. 

 Updating of attendance and leaves data verification for the payroll processing. 
 Ensure reimbursement of the allowances and benefits to the employees as per 

the company policies. 
 Preparing the Bank statements and deposit in Bank. 
 Track and maintain monthly active and ex-employees’ strength. 
 Resolve and clarify payroll queries received through Mail, Phone and through 

Personal Interaction. 
 Verification of the Monthly LOP’S and inform to the concerned HOD’s Through 

the mail. 
 Coordination with Corporate Payroll Team for the payroll process. 
 Weekly once given the mails to the all employees regarding the updating of 

attendance. 
 Maintain the track of Over Time 

 Making F&F Settlements of the left Employees for Every month. 

MIS Reports:-  
 

 Record and maintenance of resignations, transfers. 
 Tracking of Offer letter , Transfer Letters  
 Preparation of Monthly HR Reports. 

 
 
Performance Appraisal  :- 
 

 Follow up and coordination with the HODS for appraisals and approval by 
respective Reporting officers before the closing date and finalization of the 
performance ratings 
 

Employee Engagement :- 



 

 
 Every Day sending birthday and congratulatory emails to the employees when 

part of the employee relations. 
 Conduct games Quarterly for refreshment 

 
ESIC: -  

 Submission of employee details in ESI portal and generating IP numbers. 
 Generate monthly Esic Challan. 
 Adding of family names in ESIC 
 Cross checking of ESIC IP’S with corporate Data  
 Issue the form -37 
 Monthly submission of returns  

 Submission of ESI Half Yearly returns at Local ESI office. 

Contract Labour :-  
 

 Ensuring full fill all the statutory Compliances as per the CL Act. 
 Monitoring the Renewal of Labour Licence. 
 Contract labour Time office Management 
 Regular checking of Contract labour Man Moment at security gate vs Soft ware. 
 Coordination with the dept heads for the labour as per the production 

requirements. 
 Monthly Contract Bills  

Welfare Activities: - 
 

 Maintained constant follow up with Canteen Contractors for supply of good 
quality and hygienic food at plant and also ensured availability of food for all 
employees including contract labour. 

 Coordinating the canteen meeting every quarterly with all canteen members 
 Prepare the minutes of meeting in canteen meeting and informed to vendor for 

supply hygiene food. 

 Prepare the menu and display in canteen notice board once in a week. 
 Scheduled timings for checking of canteen kitchen. 
  Prepare and checking of monthly Canteen bills. 

Statutory Compliance  

 PF Withdrawals, Transfer (Internal & External) 

 Submission Of ER-I & ER-II Quarterly returns in a Local Employment Exchange office 

 Submission of Form-III Annual Returns under Minimum wages Act. 

 Submission of Bonus Returns under bonus Act 1965 

 Maintain form -XII , XI under factories Act 1948. 

 ESIC  

 PT 

 FORM F 

 Annual &Half yearly Returns Under Factories Act 1948.  



 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Permanent Address                                     

 

 

S R Peta (P.O) , Kotananduru (M.D) , Tuni , East Godavari (Dist)  

Present Address                    Jadcherla (V&MD) , Mahbubnagar (Dist), Telangana 

Father’s Name                                  Nooka Raju 

Marital Status                         Single 

DOB   

Nationality                                        

06.12.1987 

Indian 

Languages Known                  English, Telugu, Hindi 

Hobbies        

Keywords 

Contact No   

Email ID     

              

Listening to Music & Playing Cricket 

HR Generalist, Payroll Executive 

9291498840 , 7337043322 

Kashi.appalanaidu@gmail.com 

 

DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 Date:                                                                                                                                                                                (P APPALANAIDU )     

Computer Skills: 

 

 Packages                 MS-Office 
 

Educational Credentials :- 

 

 MHRM from AGL College Andhra University with 80% -2010 
 B.A From Govt Degree College – Tuni with 61% -2008 
 Intermediate from Govt Junior College with 69% -2005 

 SSC from Z P H School with 65% -2003 
  LLB From M R College – Andhra University with 55%- 2015 


