
















































DPR RESUME


Prudhvi Devarapalli 

[+91-8790131724] [prd31724@gmail.com] 

 

 
■ Synopsis 
 

Creative and innovative thinker with effective human resources management and goal setting abilities 

combined with superior leadership, team building, communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills. 

Self-motivated with the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment; communicate effectively at all 

levels; manage competing priorities; and adapt readily to new challenges. 

 

KEY COMPETENCIES: 

 

 

 
a) Sr. Recruiter: Dynamic talent acquisition professional with a successful background in 

talent acquisition. Ability to attract top technical and non-technical talent using traditional and 

creative sourcing and pipelining methods to meet performance metrics in fast-paced 

environments. Experienced in establishing recruiting processes, mentoring/training, leading 

recruiting events and collaborating on Human resources project. Strategic and self-driven 

professional with strong client management and communication skills. 

 

Organization: 4 Genius Minds Pvt Ltd 

Designation    : SR HR Recruiter/Talent Acquisition Specialist. 

Duration         : Oct 2013 to till date 

 

 Manage End to End recruitment activities from Sourcing till Placement. 

 Create Job Descriptions and Post openings in leading Job portals. Creation of a recruiting and 
interviewing plan for each open position. 

 Source Candidates through Portals and database, based on client Requirements for the required 
Skill set and experience and to Ensure it matches with the requirement as per the job. 

 Inform applicants of job duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits, work schedules 
and working conditions, company policies, promotional opportunities and other related 

information. 

 Shortlist candidates based on profile match & Arrange for interviews. Conduct prescreening & 
Tele-interviewing prior to Client Interview. 

 

 

Aspiring for challenging assignments in Human Resources Management with an organization of 

repute – Skilled in identifying & hiring through various sources, handling end-to-end recruitment 

cycle and maintaining cordial relationship with the employees. 
 

      End to End Recruitment         Tele-interviews and staffing 

      Job Analysis and JD preparation        Talent analysis and Maintain trackers. 

      Lateral Hiring       Good Communication & MS-Office skills 

      Head Hunting: Entry to Senior levels       Articulated Client interaction Skills  

      LPO/BPO / IT/ ITES Sourcing       Ability to Prioritize & Target Focused. 



 Post interview follow ups with short-listed resumes, checking the availability for telephonic 
interview with the clients. 

 Co-ordinate till the joining of candidates at the client site. Arranging for documentation from the 
selected candidates for submission to clients. 

 Prepare and maintain daily and monthly Reports about sourced candidates, scheduled interviews 
and target achieved. Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of upcoming 

requirements. 

 Build networks to find qualified passive candidates. 
 

 

■ Professional Experience 

Domestic Experience: 

 Currently working as freelance Recruiter & Professional–HR. 
 

 Sr. Recruiter & HR Professional at4 Genius Minds Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from 01/2016 to 
05/2018. 

 

 Sr. Recruiter – HR at 4 Genius Minds Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from 11/2015 to 12/2016. 
 

 Recruiter – HR at 4 Genius Minds Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from 09/2013 to 10/2056. 
  

Overseas Experience: 

 Shift Manager at Mc Donald’s, Manchester, United Kingdom from 05/2013 to 08/2013. 
 

 Shift Manager at Staffline Group plc, Birmingham, United Kingdom from 10/2012 to 04/2013. 
 

 Junior Sort Manager at Gunstones Bakery, Derbyshire, United Kingdom from 06/2012 to 
09/2012. 

 

 Shift Manager at Orridge & Co Ltd(A stock counting company), Harlow, Essex, United 
Kingdom from 01/2011 to04/2013with different clients like Marks & Spencer, Boots, 

WHSmith, AllSaints, Tesco, Llyods Pharmacy, Wilkinson, RIVER ISLAND, Calvin Klein, 

Waterstones & Poundland. 

 

 Customer Services Officer at DPD, United Kingdom from 12/2011 to 05/2012. 
 

 

■ Education 
 

 Bachelor’s degree from JNTU Anantapur. 
 

 

 

 

 

 



■ Seminars & Paper Presentations 

 

 Presented a technical paper at IIT Bombay on Key Stroke Analysis in the year 2007. 
 

 Presented a paper at IIT Roorkee in the year 2007. 
 

 Presented a paper at Engineering College Bikaner in the year 2008 
 

 Presented a technical paper at IIT Bombay in the year 2008. 
 

 Presented a paper at JNTU Hyderabad in the year 2008. 
 

 Presented a technical paper at JNTU Hyderabad in the year 2008. 
 

 Presented a technical paper at Vasavi Engineering College, Hyderabad in the year 2008. 

 
■ Personal Information 
 
Date of Birth: 24th July 1988. 
 
Languages known: English &Telugu. 


	■ Synopsis
	■ Professional Experience
	■ Education
	■ Seminars & Paper Presentations
	■ Personal Information

