















































Pawan Mishra  
 
1  
#76, Kathir Salvam Building, Kiadb housing layout, E-city-II, Bengaluru-560100 |+919900592238|  

Email id:pawanbit034@gmail.com 

KEY HIGHLIGHTS 

➢ Working as a Machine Learning Engineer (Advance Analytics) at Bajaj Finserv  

➢ 2.5 + years of experience in analytics, machine learning, NLP & Deep learning using big data tools like Hadoop, R, Python, Spark, Excel, 

Tensor flow. 

➢ Worked as Jr.Data Scientist at Techmahindra, worked across telecom, banking and media entertainment domain. 

➢ B-tech in ECE from BIET Jhansi (2011-2015) & trained in BI & Analytics. 

➢ Good grip over machine learning algorithms, mathematics and business application of them. 

➢ Awarded ‘PAT ON BACK” for web analytics solution for a leading American telecom client.  

➢ Awarded the “Best Team” at Techmahindra in the field of data science for my work in field of Analytics. 

➢ Deep learning certification from Coursera (Andrew NG). 

➢ Successfully Completed the Microsoft Open Hack Competition Held at JW Marriot Bengaluru. Developed a Deep learning model with 

over 96% accuracy using CNN for identifying images form a person wear and gears. 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

➢ Face Card (Bajaj Finserv, Feb 18 –): Similar to “Ali-pay” our business wanted to implement an Face Recognition Based Service 
for its User at Branches and App Platform. Using the Microsoft Face Api performed a POC to implement the service at our 
stores. 

➢ Product Matcher (Bajaj Finserv ,October 17- Jan 18): Developed an application for mapping raw dealer titles to our company 
catalogue using NLP & deep learning. The app provides an interface where text titles (ambiguous) are loaded and after a brief 
automated text processing the titles are fed to the Model which segments them into their attributes using (Name entity 
Recognition) then based on attributes it is mapped to master template using Text similarity Scores. The App enabled our team 
to save 5-6 Man Hours a day. 

➢ Python & R modeler ( Cognita : Analytics play store, Platform development) ( JUN -17- present) 

➢ Responsible for uploading pre-trained analytical model on the cognita  on-boarding server and governing its 
performance. 

➢ Developing and testing the cognita client required to dump & push an analytical model to the server. 
➢ Successfully on boarded Image classification(TF), Vm-predictor and Threat Analytics model to the server using R & 

python client libraries. 

➢ Jr.Data Scientist(Convolution Neural Network), R&D POC, Techmahindra, Bengaluru(MAR-17-JUN 17) 

➢ Involved in creating a CNN for automatically counting the aircrafts part from a computer graphic design document. 

➢ The proposed Idea would save a lot of manual man hours (by 43%) required for the same. 

➢ Inspired from Tensor Flow, created a CNN model using keras which could accurately identify the parts with accuracy up to 

94.3%. 

 

➢ Jr.Data Scientist (Web Analytics),Techmahindra, Bangalore(AUG-16 –MAR-17) 

➢ Analyzed Web logs data of the leading American Telco Giant to list out RCA for customer churning out due to bad web 

experience. 

➢ Build different classification model including parameters related to web journey of customers. 

➢ Worked on different classification algorithm like SVM, Logistic Regression, RF, Decision tree for reaching the optimum 
efficiency. 

➢ The solution proposed helped the client drop the churn rate and also saved the 8$ per call charges they had to pay to their 

customer support for every issue. 

➢ Later tuned the model using regularization techniques and estimated the churn possibility of users, time to churn and 

reasons for churn with respect to web journey.    

➢ Performed a text Association (sentiment) over the feedback and survey provided by the client about their launch using 

topic modeling & sentiment analysis (LDA & NLP). 

➢ The results of text analytics supported our findings and helped the client exploring the RCA for the churn. 

 

 



➢ Jr.Data Scientist (Digital Segmentation), Techmahindra, Bengaluru(April-16 – AUG 16)    

➢ Build a digital segmentation model for Indonesian telecom client using clustering algorithms. 
➢ Identified critical segments which highlighted the customers to target on basis of their value to the company. 
➢ Performed text mining over the feedback provided by the user and drew contrasting results using LDA&LSA helping the 

telco enrich their customer support experience. 
➢ Implement the solution AWS using IBM BIG R. 

 
 
SKILLS  

 

ANALYTIC TECHNIQUES ALGORITHMS 

CLASSIFCATION SVM, Regression, Cart, Decision Tree, RF , CNN & Naïve Bayes 

CLUSTERING K-Means, Hierarchical Clustering 

TEXT ANALYTICS Word2vec, LDA, LSA, fasttext, NLP and NER   

EDA Hypothesis Testing, Feature Engineering, Regularization etc. 

ANALYTICS TOOLS  

Batch Processing R STUDIO, ANACONDA(PYTHON), EXCEL,ORANGE 

Streaming and Big Data Pyspark, Hive, Sqoop  

Api & Deployment Microsoft Custom Vison & Face API , Flask, Docker etc. 

 

  

  

EDUCATION  

 

 

Degree Year Institute Grades/Percentage 

B-Tech (ECE) 2011-2015 BIET ,Jhansi 75.9% 

Intermediate (XII) 2009-2010 Saint Xavier’s School Ballia, 

UP 

72 % 

High School (X) 2008-2009 Saint Xavier’s School Ballia, 

UP 

90 % 

 

 

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS 

• Coordinator, Samnavya – 2014: - Led the event’s various on the go tasks and anchored it as a coordinator successfully   

• Coordinator, Pragmatikoon 2014: - Led and developed tasks and campaign for the event and also brought an increase 
in sponsorship and participation with help of my communication and interaction skills.      

• Coordinator, PACE 2012: -Was responsible for extensive publicity of the Annual Sports Festival of our college. 
Consistent efforts led to an increase in participation and led to smooth functioning of the event.   

• Captain of the Institute Cricket team, led my (3rd year) cricket team to victory in annual sports held in 2014, and was 
declared as player of the tournament for the same in 2015.     

• JPBL (Techmahindra): participated in Techmahindra Cricket league (JBPL), my team finished 4th in the Tournament.     

 

INTERESTS & HOBBIES 

 

➢ Machine Learning application in field of AI 

➢ Playing cricket &Football 

➢ Watching movies & TV series 

➢ Travelling and water sports. 

 

REFERENCES 

Available upon request. 

 


