


















































Shalini P Sawkar
SAP Consultant (SD, CRM)                                                             Phone: 9480389671 
                      E-Mail: pinkysawkar@gmail.com
                                                                                                             3978, 18th Cross, 2nd Main,
                                                                                                             BSK 2nd stage, Bangalore 560070 

Page 2
Objective
To work in a corporate environment that will instigate my overall development and help me contribute significantly to the growth of the organization.
Experience
Worked as Software Engineering Analyst with Accenture for 2 and half years with relevant experience in SAP CRM and SAP SD. 
Software Engineering Analyst at Accenture                                                        July 2014 to January 2017	
Project – AB Inbev (Anheuser Busch Inbev) 
Industry - Consumer Goods and Services, Industry Skills – Alcoholic Beverages
SAP Functional Consultant trained in SD- Sales and Distribution module as well as SAP CRM- Customer Relationship Management module.
Experience in incident resolution in SAP SD ECC 6.0 and SAP CRM (maintenance and support project, trained in end to end implementation) 
Experience in SAP SD module- SD Enterprise structure, Organizational units, Sales Order, Delivery, Shipping, Billing, and Pricing, Master data, Consignment sales, Third party sales (Hands-on experience, Configurations). 
Experience in SAP CRM module - Business Partner Maintenance, Organization Management, Data transfer from R/3 to CRM.
Documentation and KT presentations of SAP CRM and SAP SD module topics to the team. 
Roles and Responsibilities
Responsible for understanding the client’s business process. 
Mapping the business process with SAP SD/CRM. 
Collecting the requirements of the client.
Analyzing the requirements and configuring the SAP SD/CRM system according to the client’s requirement.
Co-ordinating with technical team (ABAP) to fulfill the technical requirements. 
Responsible for documentation of the resolutions and training the new joiners in the team as well as providing presentations to the team regularly (SAP CRM and SAP SD). 
Education
M S Ramaiah Institute of Technology	2010 to 2014
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science (First class with Distinction CGPA 8.6) 
Sri Kumaran Children’s Home Pre University College 	2008 to 2010
PUC (71%)
Sri Kumaran Children’s Home Pre University College 	1995 to 2008
SSLC (92%)
Skills
SAP CRM (Functional), SAP SD (Functional) 
Extra Curricular
Secured Distinction in All India General Knowledge Examination
Participated in Project Citizen

I declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge
Date: 11th September 2017                                                                                                                        Shalini P Sawkar
Place:	Bangalore				                                                                 Signature of the Candidate





























































/docProps/thumbnail.jpeg

