













































Rohit Vishwanath Resume


SWETHA LAKSHMI R      Mobile: 99 5208 2072 
Project Coordinator, Sheorey Digital Systems Pvt. Ltd.          Email: swetha21191@gmail.com 
 

 

  
Page 1 

 
  

Experience Summary  
 

 
 Experience – 6+ Years in Project Management and Co-ordination with hands on 

experience in Project Initiation, Resource fulfilment, Resource Assignment, Project 
Delivery and Billing. 

 Education - Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology from Anna 
University, Batch of 2012.  

 Responsibilities –  

 Manage resource planning and its fulfilment across engagements 

 Forecasting effort and cost 

 Managing resource pool - their utilization/training / chargeability / leakage 
hours 

 Capacity planning 

 Resolve day-day project issues and workload priorities 

 On boarding / Off boarding activities  
 Domain Knowledge – Aviation Industry, Hospitality & Entertainment.  
 
 

Skills, Competencies & Expertise 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 

mailto:swetha21191@gmail.com


SWETHA LAKSHMI R      Mobile: 99 5208 2072 
Project Coordinator, Sheorey Digital Systems Pvt. Ltd.          Email: swetha21191@gmail.com 
 

 

  
Page 2 

 
  

Professional Summary 
 

 
 

SHEOREY DIGITAL SYSTEMS, Bengaluru  
Designation: Project Coordinator Duration – May’2016 -Till Date 

Project: Operational Research & Optimization 

Clients : Air India, Spice jet, Vistaara, Air Asia, Iberia 

 
Roles and Responsibilities – 

 Project & Product Delivery - Tracking & managing the software releases for all 

the clients and follow-up to closure 

 IPR and Client servicing Financial Annual Report creation and Maintenance. 

 Client Billing – Man Hour Effort estimation Analysis and Reporting. 

 Imply and enforce PDP to justify one’s effort in the Employee Annual 

Performance Appraisal. 

 Publish regular reports and metrics across all projects including Time-n-

Weekly Client Status Reports, SPOC maintenance, CPSS/CTO reporting. 

 Leave & Time management – Tracking & balancing the employee’s work hours 

to ensure smoother coordination for a hassle free project delivery. 

 Build SOPs to manage internal processes and monitor compliance. 

 Conducted Induction and generic trainings to enhance and increase the 

productivity for better understanding. 

 Scrum implementation on ORO Research projects. 

 ARMS Product Marketing end-to-end offshore support for the International 

Airlines SLOT Summit.  

 Create, track and maintain project plans from project start to closure. 

 Analyze the deadlocks under each project and identify the solution 

 Conduct daily standup session to identify the showstoppers and create 

transparency across the team. 

 Administrative management of group email id and Calendar. 

 Conduct team-building activities on a quarterly basis. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:swetha21191@gmail.com


SWETHA LAKSHMI R      Mobile: 99 5208 2072 
Project Coordinator, Sheorey Digital Systems Pvt. Ltd.          Email: swetha21191@gmail.com 
 

 

  
Page 3 

 
  

 

HCL Technologies 

Designation: Assistant Manager Duration – Dec’2012 – Mar’2016 

Client: United Services Automobile Association (USAA) 

 
Roles and Responsibilities 

 

As a Project Coordinator: 

 Coordinated with the various technology sourcing team during the procurement. 

 Coordinated with the Third Party vendors for Hands and Feet support during the 

implementation phase. 

 Prepared weekly trackers and shared 

 Prepared and shared the updates on the progress with the Global PMO team. 

 Coordinated between the Project Manager and Delivery manager in closing Gaps 

in financials, and other project management aspects. 

 

As a PMO Senior Executive: 

 Raised PRF, Billing, Sending Daily/ Weekly/ Monthly Reports. 

 Was responsible for publishing the below reports to various stakeholders: 

 Internal projects tracking report 

 Vendor and AMC Tracking report 

 Seating Report, Leave Management Report 

 Carried out Onboarding & Offboarding activities. 

  

As a Delivery Management Officer (RDU/DU SPOC): 

 Was involved in estimations and management of resource billing. 

 Monitored delivery and the quality of Reports, generated by the subordinate 

PMO’s. 

 Was responsible for Program Status Reporting. 

 Discussed and conducted walkthroughs about the statistics gathering and 

management documentation with the subordinate PMO’s within their respective 

project. 

 Reviewed and Approved the Time Entries and Expense reports. 

 Generated global reports like Program Dashboard, CR report, SR report, Risk / 

Issue Reports, Forecast report, Timesheet Compliance. 

 

 
 

mailto:swetha21191@gmail.com

