












































CURRICULUM   VITAE


  

 

    Jaideep Reddy N 

  
 
Telephone: 
+ 91 – 9666347762 
 
Email: 
Jaideepr.1990@gmail.com 
 
Address: 
Flat no: 103 
MNC Residency, 
Gokul Enclave 
Hasthinapuram, 
Hyderabad – 500079 
 
Personal Data: 
 
Sex                 : Male 
Nationality      : Indian 
Marital Status : Single 
Date of Birth   : 10-06-1990 
Languages   
Known            : English,                              
                         Hindi, Telugu 
 
My Strengths: 
 
▪ Positive approach 
▪ Adaptable to changes 
▪ Quick learner with the 

ability to grasp new 
technologies 

▪ Team Leading 
▪ Problem Solving Skills 

 
Educational Qualification: 
 
Bachelors of Pharmacy from 
Jawaharlal Technological 
University with First class. 
 

Experience Summary 

 
➢ Possess around 4 years of experience in IT Industry and 

experienced in different stages of software development life cycle 
ranging from design to testing 

 
➢ Good experience with development and testing in mainframe 

technology including JCL, COBOL, DB2, VSAM, MVS, ISPF 
 

➢ Participated in production support activities & prepared support 
documents 

 
➢ Created test plans and conduct testing for application changes and 

new releases 
 

➢ Good knowledge in development and maintenance activities 
 

➢ Good communication, presentation and analytical skills 
 

➢ Good experience in all levels of testing like UT, QA, SAT, UAT 
  

➢ Extensively worked on SPUFI for executing DB2 SQL queries  
 

➢ Acquired massive exposure in software configuration management 
tools like CHANGEMAN and Change Control. 
 

➢ Extensively worked on SORT tools like SYNCSORT, DFSORT, 
ICETOOL and FILEAID. 

 
➢ Gained exposure in using mainframe-based job scheduling tools 

like CA7. 
 

➢ Efficiently used IBM supplied utilities like IDCAMS, IEBGENER, 
IEFBR14, IEBCOPY, & IEBCOMPR. 
 

 
 
Professional Summary 

 
➢ Working as a Senior Software Engineer at Ntt data Global Delivery 

Services, Hyderabad from April 2014 to till date. 
 

 
Technical Skills In Mainframe 

➢ Languages: COBOL, JCL and SQL 
 

➢ Databases: DB2 and VSAM. 
 

➢ Operating Systems:  MVS, Z/OS, 
 

➢ Utilities: TSO/ISPF, FILE-AID, CHANGE CONTROL, CHANGE 
MAN, SPUFI, INTER-TEST, CA7, Progeny. 

 
 
 
 
 



  

 
 
Projects’ Details: 

 

Project #1 
Supply Chain - Division Accounting & Warehousing, Online-
Credits  

 
Client                        Supervalu Retailer, USA 

Organization Ntt Data, Hyderabad 
Software / Tools COBOL, JCL, DB2, File-Mstr, VSAM, MVS, Change Control 
Duration May 2016 to Till Date 

Description: 

 The Supervalu Inc. is a grocery retailer and distributor in U.S.A and it has been in supply chain 
business for over a century. Division Accounting & Warehousing Application is the core part of the supply 
chain system and is developed for billing the retailer orders by means of inventory check and reduction, and 
to manage various warehouse operations such as Receiving, Put Away, Picking, Loading, Routing, Net-
Invoicing and loading the invoices into Account Receivables system for feeding into General Ledger and for 
generating the retailer statements. Online-Credits Application is developed for handling the retailer returns, 
charges and for issuing store credits.  
 

Major Achievements: 

•  Developed Cube-break logic to improve Warehouse Operations efficiency in handling the large orders 
and saved approximately 2000 hours of manual effort to warehouse workers. 

•  Developed a phoofer program to restore the lost sales numbers of 6 months into item master file. 

•  Developed a new COBOL-DB2 program for purging the in-active customers from the system. 

•  Reduced a total of 14,000 number of Pharmacy Invoice Reporting errors to meet the Drug Enforcement 
Authority (DEA) compliance requirements by working with two of my team members. Got an 
appreciation from the Vice President of our client for this great work. 

•  Corrected several bugs in the critical invoicing program to fix penny differences in calculating fees, 
customer charge amounts for one of the big group of independent retailers serviced.  

•  Delivered a solution to report taxes on the Invoices for each of the Tobacco and related products being 
shipped in a critical invoicing program even before the dead line. 

•  Prepared the system flow diagram of Division Accounting and Warehousing  

•  Stood as the Topper thrice in the Level 1(Trainee), Level 2, and Senior Level Certification Exams in 
the stream of Mainframe, held in NTT DATA. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



  

Project #2 Ship from Anywhere & AmeriCold Interface 
 
Client                        Supervalu Retailer, USA 

Organization Ntt Data, Hyderabad 
Software / Tools COBOL, JCL, VSAM, DB2, File-Mstr, Change Control 
Duration April 2014 to May 2016 

 
This project is developed for minimizing the transportation costs, to provide diversified items to the retailers 
by merging the products from different warehouses and deliver the shipments to the retailers from a home 
hub. 
 
Major Achievements: 
 

• Developed new COBOL-DB2 programs for Automated Net-Invoicing process, to work with multiple 
copies of a database using DB2 package sets for cross-divisional extracts and updates.  

• Developed programs to create CA-7 trigger dataset information and pass it to CA-7 scheduler using 
the utility program U7SVC (CA-7 Service Call) to trigger the jobs in multiple divisions simultaneously. 

 
This AmeriCold interface is developed to extract and send the billed orders to a third party system to pick the 
frozen items from the secondary warehouse and send back the picking, markout information for updating in 
the mainframe system.  
 
Major Achievements: 
 

• Developed the COBOL-DB2 program to extract frozen orders into a flat file 

• Developed the JCL for generating a comma delimited flat file to be sent to AmeriCold Facility 

• Developed the COBOL-DB2 program to process the reclamation items from the stores. 

        
       This project is developed for minimizing the transportation costs, to provide diversified items to the 
retailers by merging the products from different warehouses and deliver the shipments to the retailers from a 
home hub.  
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
 

• Impact analysis. 

• Preparation of design documents 

• Coding, Unit testing, system testing. 

• Involved JCLs preparation. 

• Identifying and fixing the production issues. 

• Communicating with onsite for resolving issues and getting clarifications. 


	Jaideep Reddy N
	Client                        Supervalu Retailer, USA
	Description:
	The Supervalu Inc. is a grocery retailer and distributor in U.S.A and it has been in supply chain business for over a century. Division Accounting & Warehousing Application is the core part of the supply chain system and is developed for billing the ...
	Client                        Supervalu Retailer, USA


