
















































CURRICULUM VITAE

Mr. Santosh Maruti Patil               
BE (Electronics & Telecommunication)
Email-ID:patilsantosh117@gmail.com                                                 Contact No: 9766118703 / 9175759570                       
     
Career Objective:
“To seek a challenging career that could enable to bring the best out of me along with the growth of the organization with a sense of satisfaction while I am advancing with latest technologies.”
Work Experience:   
                         Currently Working in Tata Communications Ltd, Dighi Pune                                    
                                                         (From13 Dec 2016 to Present)
              Current Department:-International service operation center (ISOC)
              Designation:-Network Associate.
              Previous Department:-Service Delivery Network Operating Center (SDNOC) & Service Quality
                                                      Management (SQM)  
                                                                                  
· Troubleshooting on international segment (GVPN, NDE-GDE & IPL services) with the help of equipment Turin, ASR, TA200, ADVA, ECI, and Tejas.
· Maintain relation with Last Mile Provider, Field/Site Engineer, and Project/PM team & Interact with other NOC groups for completing testing as well as troubleshooting on link down, packet drops and flapping issue. 
· Provisioning and configuration of SDH & PDH Circuits.
· Provisioning & Testing of circuits: Carry out the provisioning of E1/VC12 to VC3/STM1/STM4/STM16 link provided by traffic management team.
· Co-ordinate with Traffic Management Team for the testing and performance monitoring of newly provisioned links & create the Network topology in NMS with different capacities.
· Working on SDH equipment’s like Tejas, ECI, fibcom, Huawei, Ciena for Link Analyzing, Network Implementation, Network Management, Bandwidth Provisioning & troubleshooting of Network.
· Troubleshooting and restoration of E1/VC12-VC4/STM-1/ 4/16/64 links based on the complaints from customers with minimum restoration time with high resolution & checking whole performance/Alarms/errors in NMS. 
· Co-ordination with vendors and inter departments for fast delivery of Circuits.
· Handling outage activities/maintenance windows for changes or up gradations in the network.
· Working on 3rd path addition project same as NCCM Execution work on folded path removing, rerouting & handling ME outage.



Academic Information:

	Qualification
	Institute
	Year
	Percentage

	B.E
	AES college of Engg satara, Shivaji university Kolhapur.
	2016
	63.32%

	H.S.C
	Vidyapeeth Jr. college Kolhapur.
	2010
	57.33%

	S.S.C
	Shiroli high-school shiroli (pulachi).
	2008
	74.30%



Main project: 
"Waist Belt for Blind Person".                  
   The main project based on microcontroller 8051.The main aim of our project is to design a voice based alerting system for the blind people.
Soft Skills:
· Good verbal and written communication skills
·  Proficient in Microsoft Office suite.
·  Quick learner with exceptional interpersonal skills.
Personal Information:    
 Name                                        : Santosh Maruti Patil
 D.O.B                                         : 11th July 1992 
Gender                                       :  Male 
Languages Known                    : Marathi, Hindi and English  
Permanent Address                 :  A/P Patil lane, Shiroli (Pulachi), Tal- Hatkanangale, Dist-Kolhapur.  
                                          
 I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: 
Place:                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                          (Patil Santosh Maruti)
