

















































Basangi Gowtham Patnaik 


Mobile:-	9867479664

E-Mail:-	gowthamgouty4@gmail.com
Basangi Gowtham Patnaik	Page 1

                                                                              LinkedIn:-  www.linkedin.com/in/gowthambasangi

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

· To attain a challenging position in the related field and to work in an organization where I can enhance my skills and contribute to the growth of the organization.

SUMMARY:

· 2.6 years of Onsite (Japan) and Offshore  work experience in Business intelligence domain in the field of ETL and Reporting.

· Delivered advanced/complex reporting solutions such as Dashboards and Standardized reporting using Qlikview.

· Created Dashboards with different style using Qlikview components like List Box, Slider, Buttons, charts and Bookmarks.

· Sound knowledge in Set Analysis.

· Experienced in environments requiring direct Customer interaction during specifications, development and project implementation phases.




TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE:	
	

	
	BI TOOLS:
	
	Reporting – Qlikview
ETL              -- Pentaho
	
	

	
	DESIGN:
	
	UML (Use-cases, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams)
	
	

	
	
	
	
	

	
	RDBMS:
	
	SQL SERVER 2014
	
	

	
	OPERATING SYSTEM:
	
	Windows

	
	CONFIGURATION MGMT:
	
	SVN






EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS:


Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) – Aurora’s Engineering College - Bhongir, Hyderabad


(2011- 2015), (73%), India	


Onsite Experience:

	Dec’2017
	
	Capgemini

	Project:
	
	HES-BAS 

	Client:
	
	Hitachi

	Work Location:
	
	Totsuka, Japan

	Environment:
	
	Petaho

	Role:
	
	Pentaho & Qlikview Developer



Responsible for:

· Requirement gathering - Migration from Data Stage to Pentaho.
· Creation of HLD’s and LLD’s.
· Understanding business requirement and creation of POC’s to meet the requirement of client.
Offshore Experience:


	May'2016 –Nov'2017
	
	Capgemini

	Project:
	
	Customer Profiling and Data Binding

	
	
	

	Client
	
	Hitachi Ltd., Japan

	Work Location:
	
	India

	Environment:
	
	Qlikview, Pentaho Data Integration (Kettle), Macros(VBA)

	
	
	




	Role:
	
	Qlikview Developer




Brief description of the project:
       The company is based in Japan. Hitachi Software Division has identified a need of DB to identify the potential 
         customer for Business Collaboration. 

Responsible for:

· Collating and understanding business requirement
· Extraction of Data from Excel files and Creation of Column specific data using Excel VBA.
· Design and development of ETL Jobs and Transformations.
· Analysis and Calculation of KPI formulas
· Created Dashboards with different style using Qlikview components like List Box, Slider, Buttons, charts and Bookmarks.
· Implemented Star schema & snow flake schema.
· Gathered & loaded data into Qlikview from various data sources.
· Created different types of sheet objects like List boxes, Buttons, Multibox.
· Sound knowledge of various functions of QlikView technology.


	Jan’2018 – till date
	
	Capgemini

	Project:
	
	HES-BAS 

	Client
	
	Hitachi

	Work Location:
	
	India

	Environment:
	
	Pentaho 

	Role:
	
	Pentaho & Qlikview Developer




Brief description of the project:

        Hitachi Software Division has identified a need of Migration from IBM DataStage to Pentaho.         
          
Responsible for:

· Responsible for developing and maintenance for the ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) processes using Pentaho PDI and Reporting using Qlikview.
· Participated in design of Staging Databases and Data Warehouse/Data mart database using Star Schema/Snowflakes schema in data modeling.
· Prepared ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) standards, Naming conventions and wrote ETL flow documentation.

	 

	



       Personal Details:


· Date of birth: 20/07/1994
· Gender: Male

· Nationality: Indian

· Marital Status: Single

· Passport Availability: Yes
· Temporary Address: Flat No 202, Plot No 17/2, Sai Chintamani Apartments, Aioli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
· Permanent Address: MIG-415,A.PH.B Colony, Srikakulam, India


































Declaration:

· I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to my knowledge.

Date:

Place: Mumbai, India                                                                          Basangi Gowtham Patnaik


