

























Aniket Mukherjee​(Filmmaker/Motion Graphic Designer/Animator) 

Senior Associate at PricewaterhouseCoopers SDC, Kolkata 

About me 
I am a filmmaker and an animator with more than 10  years of experience in the fields of Video 
production, motion graphic design and animation.  

 During this time I have worked with production houses, news channels and professional service 
providers. 

I am seeking opportunities which would further enhance my knowledge and skill set. 

Experiences 

Senior Associate at PricewaterhouseCoopers Service Delivery Centre (Kolkata) 

October 2017 to present 

Job description 

● As a Senior Video Expert, my primary deliverable is quality service and ensure high-end products 
to a high profile international client base. 

● My primary focus is on ensuring high-end video production through the  use of live recorded 
footages, or sent by the clients, animation and all means possible. 

● I work with a team that consists of visualisers, illustrators, animators and video editors. As a 
senior video editor of the team, and also an animator, I ensure parity of look and feel throughout 
the video, even with multiple processors working on the same project. 

● Coordinating with fellow assignees to ensure a smooth and error free processing of a given 
project. 

● Guiding new and junior processors and co-ordinating with the subject matter experts. 

Graphic Designer (VizRT) at Etv News Bangla (Kolkata) 

May 2016 to October 2017 

Job description 

● Design and execution of all in-house and client based online graphic requirements using Viz 
Artist, Photoshop, After effects and Adobe Premiere.  

● Creating online templates for various requirements for the desk as well as the marketing team 
using Viz Template. 

● Creating animated title cards based on motion graphics, designing advertising spots and bugs, 
screen layouts for special events like elections or budget sessions for Viz Content Pilot. 

● Working on the ticker scene to ensure smooth and error free airing. 
● Manipulating existing ticker scenes as per programming requirements. 
● Coordinating with the PCR and producers to create graphics best suited to a given format. 



Graphic Designer (VizRT) at Focus Bangla (Kolkata) 

June 2013 to May 2016 

Job description ​(Apart from the above mentioned activities) 
● Designing and implementing ticker scenes using various plugins such as Datapool, Action 

commands and basics scripts in Ticker3D. 
● Setting up the user interface for the desk team using Viz Client. 

Video editor/Graphic designer at Bent Cigarette Productions 

August 2008 to June 2013 

Job description 

● Creating videos and design works as per client requirements. 

Software experience 

Platform Experience Proficiency 

VizRT 3 years Intermediate 

Adobe Premiere 10 years Expert 

After Effects 8  years Expert 

Photoshop 8 years Expert 

Illustrator 4 years Intermediate 

Cinema4D 3 years Intermediate 

MS Word 8 years Advanced 

MS PowerPoint 8 years Advanced 

Education 

2005-2008 

Bachelor of Media Science, Pailan College of Management and Technology, Kolkata.  

Specialization: Video and Television Production 

2003-2005 
Intermediate of Science, Gossner College, Ranchi. 

2002 
CBSE, Kairali School, Ranchi 

Contact 

Phone: 8334973777 
Email: aniket.mu86@gmail.com 

mailto:aniket.mu86@gmail.com

