


















































CURRICULUM VITAE
Vikas Tanwar
House No: 86, HBC,
Saraswati Vihar,
M.G.Road, Gurgaon
Pin-122001 
Mob: +91 9555910839
Email: vikasinfo786@gmail.com

Client Financial Reporting Analyst- Level – 11(Subject Mater Expert)
Investment Banking – Product Control
Presently working with Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd as a Client Financial Reporting Analyst- from May 05, 2017 to till date. 
Astute professional with over 2.5 years of experience in financial project transition &  conducting R&D in financial risk & advisory vertical with the help of Microsoft office tools/ internal tools.
2+ years of experience in conducting secondary research & analysis. Driven quantitative & qualitative investigator trained in all aspects of financial investigation. Self-motivated and highly organized with an exceptional work ethic.
Organizational Experience:-
1. Organization: Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd. - Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. 
Designation:   Client Financial Reporting Analyst-    Duration: May 2017 – Till Date.
Level – 11 	(Subject Mater Expert)
Investment Banking – Product Control. (Record To Report)
a) As the part of the transition team I have hands on experience in end to end process development for the investment banking vertical. Product Control – Capital & Treasury Markets is the first banking project being deployed with digital Mobilization with the help of Skype Business Tool in Accenture.
b) Credit risk, market risk, and operational risk reporting. Monthly reporting for the liquidity risk, business risk, and reputational risk.
b) Data extraction, data collection, data validation, data transformation, generating user-defined financial and management reports.
b) Hands on experience in SOP/DTP creations, error analysis, templates creations, and daily project reporting, bi-weekly, and weekly calls with the client for tracking.  
c) Work flow allocation, development feedback from the team and reporting to the client.
d)  As part of the product control team we have our daily, weekly and monthly activities to control the financial risk of the Banking client.
e) PnL break analysis, stress hedge – implementations, reconciliations with the accounting team, Record to Report.
2. Organization: Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. - Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. a Chicago based company is the world's premier provider of leadership consulting services. 
Designation:   	Quality Analyst.		Duration: 	Dec 2015 – May 2017.
a) Primary responsibilities involve supporting consultants worldwide for validating business intelligence research/reports through secondary online sources, analyzing and presentation of information in MS Office applications like Excel, PowerPoint & Word.
b) Responsible for the Quality control of Data and perform depth research on companies, Industries and also to maintain huge Data Base for Business acquisitions, Consulting, Cross Border Analysis, Data Mining, SOP creation to support the Client across the globe.
c) Company research for mergers and acquisitions, hierarchy updates, tracking company name changes, updating database by reviewing the M&A transactions.
d) Daily MIS, Run Reports, Pivot Table for duplicity and Quality audits. Ongoing maintenance of records, codes, etc. Performing proactive and reactive database updates for business development and search execution.
3. Organization: BMR Advisors Pvt. Ltd. -BMR Advisors Pvt. Ltd. is a business management consultant in Tax, Risk & M&A Advisory services.
Designation:   	Research Analyst.		Duration: 	July 2014 – Dec 2015.
Conduct in depth Secondary Research on various categories: Politicians, Private and Government owned companies, Board of Directors, etc. Ensure high levels of due diligence detail-orientation, responsibility and accuracy.

Internship-
1. Financial Planning Academy 		Intern – (Project Coordinator)	2012 - 2013
2. Bombay Stock Exchange			Intern – (Financial Literacy)		2011 - 2012
Computer Literacy:-

a) CRM (Client Relationship Management Database). b) SQL- Basic level. 	     c) Excellency in excel formulas like Vlookup, Hlookup, Pivot table, Data Validation, CountIF, SumIF, Concatenate, Find, Search, Replace, chart, graphs, dash boards etc. to automate the process of report validation.
Known Tools – Trans/Citrix, Bloomberg, Factiva, Advanced Google Search, Veri-Site, PEP Connect, Hoovers, Capital IQ, North American Industry Classification System, D&B (Avention), Salesforce, Internet Archive, WHOIS Search, Domain Name, Website, and IP Tools, Whois.com, Google Add Agency Identification,  Web Scoping, Business Week, Linkedin.com, OneSource, Investopedia.com, Ca-registry.com, PE/VC Identification, Zoominfo.com, Buildzoom.com, Yellowpages.com, Whitepages.com, Crunchbase.com, Finra.org, Sec.gov, Cftc.gov, Justice.gov and Organizational Charts.
Educational Details:-

	Qualifications
	Passing %
	Passing Year
	University/College

	MBA – Finance
	68
	2016
	Jaipur National University

	B.Com in Financial Market (BFM)
	70
	2013
	K.J. Somaiya College/ Mumbai University

	HSC
	55
	2008
	CBSE

	SSC
	64
	2006
	CBSE

	Certifications : - Computer Application (MIS & Corporate Finance) – Aptech Computer Education  -  Year -  2016


Personal Details:-
Fathers Name		:	Mr.  Dinesh Singh {Ex-Indian Navy}
D.O.B 			: 	Sep 10, 1990
Marital Status 	:	Married.
Gender  		:	Male
Languages		:	English, Hindi (Read, Write& Speak).

I hear by declare that the above information provided is true and up-to-date. I assure you that in case an opportunity is given to me to work for your esteemed organization, I shall put my best efforts to perform my responsibilities and become an asset to the organization.

Date:      /      /201

References:  		Vikas             

