



















































Md Rashid Alam

Mob: +917044061888
Email: rashidaryan90@gmail.com
Current Employer: Cognizant Technology Solution Pvt. Ltd.		       Experience: 4.4 Years

WORK EXPERIENCE

Cognizant Technology Solution Pvt. Ltd.				                   May 2014 to Present 

Client Name	: 7-Eleven

Project	: Order Cycle (RIS Host)

Environment	: Core Java, Spring, JDBC, Hibernate.
Database	: Oracle
Other Tools	: Remedy, Win SCP, Toad, SQL Developer
IDE		: Eclipse

Roles & Responsibility:

· Analysis of customer requirements to convert into technical specification.
· Involved in new feature development.
· Analyzing, Validating and fixing the defects.
· Resolve customer critical issues with immediate resolution.
· Coordinating with client and the team.

Description:

Our client 7 Eleven is a supply chain company. The RIS Host application is key application that works as central hub, through which all the interactions are made possible between different towers and the stores. RIS Host is a system which is associated with Order Management System, that help our client for processing their orders received from stores owners.

YOUNG BRAIN INDIA							           August 2012 to April 2014

Client Name	: Affiliated Computer Services Inc. (ACS, A Xerox Company)

Project	: Medicaid Management Information System (North Dakota)

Environment	: Core Java, SQL
Database	: Oracle
Other Tools	: Remedy, Win SCP, Toad, SQL Developer
IDE		: Eclipse

Roles & Responsibility:

· Analysis of the technical requirements
· Working as a developer in the project from the scratch
· Defect fixes in different testing phase of the application
· Resolve customer critical issues with immediate resolution.






Description:

A MMIS is composed of many functional components all which work together to pay Medicaid claims to active Medicaid providers.  In addition it contains robust reporting capabilities, is required to interfaces with outside entities and tracks correspondence and communications  

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY

Environments worked on		: UNIX, Windows
Languages/Tools worked on		: Core Java, Spring, Eclipse, SQL Developer and Toad
Tools exposed to		: Microsoft Visio, Remedy, WinSCP and Autosys
Databases		: Oracle (SQL), MySQL
Enterprise application technologies	: J2EE
Certification		: Oracle Database SQL certified	

Skills and Strengths

· Quick learner with good analytical and problem solving skills, motivated to succeed with the desire to tackle challenging problems.
· An energetic and focused team player and leader with ability to build cohesive, productive teams.
· Strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to maintain effective working relationships.


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

	DEGREE
	Board/University
	Institution
	Year Of Passing
	Marks

	B. Tech (ECE)
	W. B. U. T
	Dr. B. C. Roy Egg. College(W.B)
	2012
	77.3%


	Higher Secondary
	B. S. E. B
	L S College Muzaffarpur
	2007
	55%

	Secondary
	B. S. E. B
	R K T Academy
Muzaffarpur
	2005
	70.29%



PERSONAL DETAILS

Languages Known		:         English, Hindi and Urdu
Hobbies		:	Adventure Travelling, Doing social work.
DOB		:	5th Dec 1990
PAN		:	AOCPA4683H
Passport		:	J9750668
Address		:	C3 Anandmoyee Apartment New Town Kolkata
Extracurricular Activities	:	Stayed for 5 days in Varanasi for SSB (Air Force).
					Organized Blood donation camp.





Place: Kolkata                    				                                    Md Rashid Alam



