














































RESUME 
 

Name: Mr.Devendra Purushottam Joag  

Email: devjoag@gmail.com 
Contact No: +919922945262 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Objective 

To be an active employee who contributes to the Mission, Vision, and Values of the company 

and to interact on a professional level with other employees. To give excellent performance 

And to translate my experience, knowledge, skills and abilities into value for the organization. 

Profile 

 Total 4 years of competitive work experience in Software Design, Development 

and Implementation of Distributed Window’s & Web applications using Java 

technologies. 

 Expertise in Programming Java applications using JAVA, Swings, Servlet, JSP, 

Hibernate and Web Services, Angular JS. 

 Experience in Developing Algorithm for Computer Aided Drug Design (CADD) 

using C++ 11 which is now part of vLife MDS Product. 

Educational Qualification 

 Degree University/Board 
Percentage Year of Passing 

M.Sc. (Comp.Sci.)  University of Pune 64.86% 2014 

 B.Sc. (Comp.Sci.) University of Pune 65.91% 2012 

 H.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 51.17% 2009 

 S.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 71.07% 2007 

Technical Skills 

Programming Languages  C, C++,Java, J2ee. 

Web Technologies 
JSP, Servlet, JSF 

Databases MySQL, PL/SQL,SQLite,Oracle10g 

Scripting 
Angular JS ,Angular 4 ,JavaScript, jQuery, 
JSON, Type Script 

Mark-up Languages HTML 

Application Server  Apache Tomcat 

Other  Spring , Spring MVC,, Hibernate ,SOAP 

Web Services, REST Web Services, SVN, 

Sonarqube , JProfiler, GIT,PMD 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Work Experience 

Name of Company  : Deloitte Consulting USI. 
Duration  : 24April 2017to Present 
Designation  :  Consultant  

Name of Company  : Tata Technologies Pvt Ltd. 
Duration  : 6June 2016to 31 March 2017 
Designation  :  Developer (PLM) 

Name of Company  : Cosmos eSolutions& Services Pvt Ltd Pune 
Duration  : 1  Dec 2014  to 31 May 2016 
Designation  :  Software Developer  

Name of Company  : VLife Sciences Technologies Pvt Ltd Pune 
Duration  : 1  Jan 2014 –30th May 2014  
Designation  :  Software Developer 

Educational Qualification 

 Degree University/Board 
Percentage Year of Passing 

M.Sc. (Comp.Sci.)  University of Pune 64.86% 2014 

 B.Sc. (Comp.Sci.) University of Pune 65.91% 2012 

 H.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 51.17% 2009 

 S.S.C. Maharashtra State Board 71.07% 2007 

Professional  Experience  

Product Dashboard 

Client              :Public Sector (Integrated Eligibility) 

Duration :1Year 1Month.Team size :10 

Environment :Angular, Spring, REST Web Services, Hibernate, SQL Server  

 Description   : The United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) protects the health of 
Americans. Typically, Federal HHS formulates policies, provides implementation guidelines 
And funding. Integrated Eligibility (IE) allows  
Citizens apply for all applicable programs by providing all required data together. IE Solution 
Offering has multiple components, such as Screening and data Intake, Eligibility Processing 
And Case Management, Check Benefits / Report Changes / Renew Benefits. 

Roles and Responsibilities: Involved in Requirement analysis Design, Coding and Unit Testing, Performance 
Improvement, Profiling and Code review.   

Product Dashboard 

Client              :Tata Motors Limited 

Duration : 4 Months. Team size :2 

Environment :Angular JS,HTML,CSS,W3CSS,REST Web Services, MySQL 

 Description   : This system is used for sales purpose by dealers of company for giving demo of different features 

of  products This  dashboard is used to display different variants of products according to customer needs  

Roles and Responsibilities: Involved in Requirement analysis Design, Coding and Testing, Deployment 



 

 

 

  

 

  

SeeXP BOM Loading 

Client              :SINGAPORE TECHNOLOGIES AEROSPACE LTD (ST AEROSPACE) 

Duration :4 Months .Team size :2 

Environment :J2EE,Servlet, JSP , JavaScript ,Oracle10g 

 Description   : Through a global repair and logistics support network, the company provides aircraft 

maintenance repair and overhaul services for a wide range of aircraft components and engines.The project was to 

load the SeeXP output file to Windchill server and read it.Create BOM structure in PDMLink product level, as per the 

client’s requirements. And to create a Utility to Associate EPMDocument to WTPart. 

Roles and Responsibilities: Involved in preparing the flow of execution document of an application. 
Requirement analysis Design, Coding and Testing  

Home Clearing System  

Client              :Cosmos Co-op Bank Pune 

Duration : 4 Months. Team size :1 

Environment :JSF, Hibernate, RDBMS – Oracle10g 

Description   : This project is small scale Clearing System which is designed for Cosmos Bank & its Sub Member 
banks for checks clearing. This system contains mainly two modules Outward & Inward transactions. 

Roles and Responsibilities: Involved in preparing the flow of execution document of an application 
   Requirement analysis Design, coding and Testing and support. 

Finding Maximum Common Sub-Structure 

Environment :C++(11) 

Team size: 1. 

Project Description: This Algorithm is developed at VLife Sciences Technologies Pvt.Ltd for finding maximum 
common sub structure amongst set of molecules. This algorithm is used on Congenric and Non Congenric set of 
molecules. This algorithm has novel uses in field of Medicinal Chemistry. This Algorithm is now part of VLife MDS. 



 

 

 

  

ECS (Electronic Clearing System). 

Client              :Cosmos Co-op Bank Pune 

Duration : 7Months.Team size :2 

Environment :    Servlet, Jsp , JSF, Hibernate Java Script REST Web Service,  RDBMS – Oracle10g 

Description This systems  works as mediator between bank and various organizations  like NPCI,NSDL ,LIC etc. for 
various processes like NECS,NACH,ECS,ACH for transfer of funds credit or debit to customer & various organizations. 
This system consist various modules like NECS Credit/Debit  ,NACH(National Automated Clearing House) 
Credit/Debit, ACH  Credit/Debit APY(Atal Pension Yojana),PSBY(Pradhan Mantri Suraksha BimaYojana) 
,PMJJBY(Pradhan Mantri  Jeevan JyotiBimaYojana). 
Roles and Responsibilities:  Involved in Development (coding) & Testing of all above mentioned systems. Also 
involved in coordinating for understanding of process with NPCI & NSDL. 

Currency Chest Operation Management System. 

Client              :Cosmos Co-op Bank Pune 

Duration : 2Months.Team size :4 

Environment : Spring MVC, Hibernate ,REST Services, RDBMS – Oracle10g 

Description This system is product of company which contains two main parts Remittance & BIN Management. This 
system   will used for Currency management &  report generation for RBI.BIN management is part in which all 
currency bins are automated with an algorithm & are auto updated based on remittance request. Daily inward & 
outward cash of all branches & ATMS under one currency chest is handled through this system.   

Roles and Responsibilities:  Involved in Development (coding) of this system 

User Access Control System 

Client              :Cosmos Co-op Bank Pune 

Duration : 5 Months. Team size :2 

Environment :JSF, Hibernate, JSP,REST Web Services, RDBMS – Oracle10g 

Description   : This project is basically designed to manage roles & accesses of the users. From this system menu wise 
accesses can be given to the user. These systems have various masters like Application Master, User master, Role 
Master, Menu Master, Access Master etc. These systems have various functionalities like Application wise menu 
access, User to role mapping, Role to Access mapping etc. This System further integrated with All In house Systems 
developed in Applet, JSP Servlet & JSF technologies. 
Roles and Responsibilities: Involved in preparing the flow of execution document of an application 
Requirement analysis Design, coding and Testing. 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Certifications  

ISTQB CTFL 
 

International Software Testing Qualification Board (ISTQB) 

Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL)  

Personal Information: 

Name: 
Mr. Devendra Purushottam Joag 

D.O.B: 26-08-1991 

Marital Status: 
Single 

  Permanent Address: Flat No C-8 Shree Chintamani Co-Hsg society, 
Mayur Colony, Kothrud, Pune-411038. 

Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi. 

E- Mail Id: devjoag@gmail.com 

Contact: +919922945262 


