









































Microsoft Word - Maulik Pandya Updated Resume


Q2w2DETA 

ICURRICULUM VITAE 
 

 
MAULIK PANDYA                                                                                     
 
(M): +91- 9898742494 
                
            
E-mail: pandyamaulik19@gmail.com 

 
  
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
 To work for an organization which values its human resources as most valuable 
asset and provides opportunities and environment where i can utilize my skills, 
knowledge and experience in the company’s interest. Constant learning and 
moving towards perfection will be my aim in a dynamic and competitive work 
environment. 
 
EXPERIENCE 
Present Job 
 
 I have working in ACTUniv Pvt Ltd (Words Worth Engalish Lab) From April 2011 to Till. 

 
Designation: - IT Head. (Windows and Linux System Admin) 

Responsibilities: 
 Handel Tech Support Engineer team in pan India 
 Installation, Configuration and Administration of Windows 2003/2000/2008/2012/2016 

R2 File and Print Servers. 
 Installation, Configuration and Administration of DNS and DHCP Server. 
 Maintain Active Directory, File server, Mail Server, Ftp Server, WYSE (Thin Clients). 
 Monitored Office 365 portal and resolved technical issues & Office 365 migrations. 
 Installing, supporting and maintaining new server hardware and software infrastructure. 
 Upgrading Windows, Office and software License on server or workstation. 
 Managing Words Worth English Lab software and Team Leader of software installation 

and management project. 
 Supervisor of Operating System migration and responsible to satisfy all the needs as per 

IS policies requirements. 
 Troubleshoot Operating System & Network related issues. 
 Configure and Manage QNAP, WD, Seagate Nas Cloud device. 
 Configure &manage MS-outlook (MS-Office XP, 2000, 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013, 

2016,Office 365) 



 
 
 
 Assisting and supporting technical staff. 
 Taking daily backup using SQL backup utility and daily server data backup. 
 Backup manager of IT department in the absence of Manager. 
 Member of Information Security team to manage security criteria. 
 Responsible to coordinate with vendors in terms of Procurement or Replacement. 
 Handling tickets / requests queries from all over the India through email and App. 
 Maintaining the PCs & Servers, conducting proper troubleshooting & maintenance. 
 Managing AD Users Organization Unit and groups and computers. 
 Creating Domain user accounts and configuring user profiles. 
 Responsible for maintaining the Backup network, hardware, software, files on a regular 

basis accordingly as per the company policies. 
 Worked closely and effectively with vendors to replace/repair defective software.  
 Updating security patches to PC’s and Servers. 
 Creating and Managing Virtual Machines in Hyper-V 
 Escalated complex issues and concerns to the Escalation Department. 
 Linux Administrator 
 Install Ubuntu Linux OS to Systems. 
 Configure and maintain User accounts 
 Giving permissions to appropriate user and directories 
 Administer remote system using ssh 

 
Previous Job 
 
 I have worked in N4Networks BPO Systems , AHMEDABAD From Oct 2009 to Apr 2010.  

 
Designation: - Tech Support Engineer. 

Responsibilities: 
 Provide IT assistance to include application support, hardware and software installation 

and troubleshooting. 
 Provides technical support to troubleshoot network and server issues. 
 Manages access to network resources including network accounts, mailboxes, etc 
 BPO Medical Billing 
 BPO Medical Coding 
 BPO Medical and Nursing payroll 

 
 I have worked in Scriptacom  BPO Systems , AHMEDABAD From Oct 2009 to Des 2010.  

 
Designation: - System Administrator. 

Responsibilities: 
 I Appoint in Scriptacom BOP Syetem, As System Engineer. 
 I am manage, maintain and troubleshooting 35 Systems in Ahmadabad office and also 

give remote support in our Bangalore Office. 
 To Service, Support and Maintenance of Networking and Hardware Related Issues such 

as LAN, Remote Desktop, IP configuration, Outlook Configurations, Outlook Mail 



 
 
 

backup and Restore, Printer Sharing, and solving printer Related problem, User creation, 
User migrate, etc., 

  To Implement, Manage, Troubleshooting and Administering of Windows Server 
2003,FTP Server. 

 To Updating of Installation of OS, Anti Virus and Application Software and trouble 
shooting and manage and maintaining documentation    
 
 

 I have working in Kunvarji Finstock Pvt.Ltd. From Jan 2009 to Oct 2009. 
 
Designation: - Technical Support Eng. 

Responsibilities: 
 LAN cabling & trouble shooting network problems 
 Managing & maintaining WAN connections 
 Cisco routers configuration 
 VLAN configuration & VLAN Trucking, Inter VLAN routing 
 Access Control List & Network Address Translations 
 Switch and Router backup and restore and password reset 
 Monitoring & Reporting on WAN Connectivity. 
 Administrating Wireless connectivity and security. 

 
 
 
 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 
Year of 
Passing 

Degree Board/University Percentage 
2003 
 

SSC  
Bhagwati Vidhaylay School 

GSEB 43.00% 
2005 HSC  

VidhayNager High School 
GSEB 52.00% 

2009 
 

Diploma in Computer 
Engineering 

GT College 
(Jaipur University) 

84.00% 
2010 Graduation 

 
Gujarat University 52.00% 

 
ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 
 learned A+,N+,CCNA,MCSE,  
 Advance diploma in computer hardware & networking. 

 



 
 
 
 PERSONAL DETAILS 

 
 Date of Birth - 19th Des, 1982. 

 
  Address -     A/13, Janki appartment,  

   Opp.Chamak Chuno, 
   N-H-8, Takkarbapanagar, 
   Bapunagr, Ahmedabad. 382350  

 Gender  - Male   Languages -     Gujarati, Hindi, English.   Hobbies   - Music, Sports, Surfing. 
 
 
 
 
Place:  Ahmadabad                    Yours Truly, 

(Maulik Pandya)                                                
(+91- 9898742494) 


