















































SAKSHI KHANNA                 
  

Contact Number – 9148084732  

Email Address – sakshikhanna3003@gmail.com  

  

  

CAREER OBJECTIVE  

  

To reach a level where I can achieve knowledge of business industry and I can make an effective utilisation 

of my skills and talents. I want to deal with the actual operational activities in the organisation thereby 

contributing to the best satisfying the organisational objectives  

  

PERSONALITY TRAITS / STRENGTHS  

  

• Good Communication Skills  

• Ability to motivate people  

• Good Influencing Power  

• Team Worker  

• Hard Worker  

• Dynamic enough to change as per situations  

• Honest with my work  

• Capable of doing number of tasks at one time  

  

  

  

EXPERIENCE  

  

DIVIHN INTEGRATION INC – From May 2017 – Till Date   

 

Working as an Executive – Talent Acquisition (US) 

 

Roles and Responsibilities 

 

1. Getting the requirements from Account manager and working on Ceipal to find it. 

2. Ceipal works as a mixture to find candidates on Monster and Dice on multiple requirements. 

3. I am a consultant here working in night shift 

4. I have been working on Analyst roles, system administrator roles, BODS position and other 

managerial roles. 

 

 

 

ILANTUS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD – From October 2016 – Feb 2016 

  

Working as an Executive HR (India and US)  

  

Roles and Responsibilities    

• Maintaining the work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all 

positions.  



• Maintaining organization staff by establishing a recruiting, testing, and interviewing 

program; counselling managers on candidate selection; conducting and analysing exit 

interviews; recommending changes.  

• Working on the salary part and providing offer letters and other joining formalities being 

done on the day of Joining.  

• Assigning the workstations and making sure the employee is comfortable enough to work  

• Prepares employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and 

training programs.  

• Should have a working knowledge of HRIS and Outlook.  

• Dealing with all employee Queries and grievances in regards to their Leaves, Payroll and 

other requirements  

• Providing induction and Training to all new joiners in lieu of the Company policies and 

Procedures   

• Maintaining a track of recruitment between the client and the third party recruitment 

agency  

• Maintaining all the HR files and keeping them updated  

• Keeping the environment healthy with Birthday celebrations and all the festivals.  

• Working closely with managers to appreciate the performers of the teams and providing 

them rewards for their contribution to the company  

  

  

  

ALLEGIS GLOBAL SOLUTIONS – From May 2015 – Till Feb 2016  

  

Working as a Recruiter supporting New York City Office (US)  
  

Roles and Responsibilities  

  

1. Gathering the requirements being provided by the POC and working to recruit on various IT 

Skillet  

2. Have been working towards recruiting for Software Engineers , Call centre representatives, 

Fraud detection analysts , Business Analysts , Program/Project managers, .Net Developers  

3. Right now I am recruiting for various clients namely Bank Of America , Credit Suisse , 

JPMC for the profile of Senior Java developers  

4. I have been working recruiting for all types of candidates including the candidates who can 

work on W2, Corp to Corp or on Contract basis along with dealing with candidates who need 

sponsorship, Green card holders, H1B candidates and US Citizens.  

5. My goal is to get the suitable candidates for the profile and helping them to proceed with 

Interview process and getting them their Dream Job  

6. Style of my recruitment is different from other recruiters at a point where I believe in 

building the relationship with people and networking with them for their future career 

opportunities as well  

7. Talking about the Job we have is not our first step and we have a candidate centric approach 

and we try to understand the interest and roles candidates wants to pursue within their career 

throughout  

  

  

  

  

  



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS  

  

  

STREAM  DISCIPLINE  INSTITUTION  YEAR OF 

PASSING  

PERCENTAGE  

   MBA  HR &  

MARKETING  

VIT  

UNIVERSITY  

        2014            76%  

B.com  Punjab University  Khalsa College 

for Women  

2012  60%  

XII  C.B.S.E  B.V.M School  2009  76%  

X  C.B.S.E  B.V.M School  2007  66%  

  

  

ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:  

  

1. Completed Business English Certification (BEC) course by Cambridge ESOL at Preliminary Level.   

2. Good understanding to work on MS-Office and Internet.  

3. Certificate for undertaking virtual stock market games online.  

  

  

  

INTERNSHIPS  

  

Summer Internship Training project in CENTRAL TOOL ROOM, Ludhiana, Punjab (Duration 45 days) – 

during MBA  

  

  

FIELD OF INTEREST:  

  

Sales, Distribution, Branding, Advertisement, Human Resource Management  

  

  

HOBBIES  

  

• Listening music.  

• Writing poetries.  

• Reading novels  

  

OTHER ACTIVITIES AND SKILLS  

 
  

• Languages Known: English, Hindi, Punjabi..  

• Active member of various forums at social websites.  

• Active participation shown in attending various debates, seminars, conferences and other events.  

• Attained momentums for singing competitions  

• Attained certificates for quiz competitions, best speaker  



  

  

PERSONAL DETAILS  

  

Sex:Female.  

Marital Status: Single  

Father’s Name: Mr.Surinder Khanna  

Nationality: Indian  

Mother tongue: Punjabi  

DOB: 30/09/1991  

Permanent Address:56-C, Rishi Nagar, Ludhiana, Punjab  

  

  

  

DECLARATION   

 
  

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge.  

  

  

Place: Bangalore  

(Sakshi Khanna)  

  

  

  

  


