













































Resume

DEBARYYA CHAKRABORTY

Address: 1st Floor, Unit -3#39, Shivananjappa #39, 2nd Cross Laxmi Layout, Munnekulalu, Marathahalli Bangaluru -560037
Phone:      8050580821

Email:       debaryya@gmail.com





                          

Professional Summary:

Five years of experience in Investment Banking Industry, this includes working in Middle and Back Office Operations, Project and Process Management. 

In addition, process transitioning, managing group of people and coordinating with Investment Managers spread across the globe are key responsibilities. Dealing with diverse technical and management teams in process, system and profit improvement. I am highly resourceful with a capacity to lead, learn, develop and add value to your organization. 

I have been sent to USA twice (16th Dec 2007, to 14th March 2008 and from 22nd Feb 2010 to 19th March 2010) transit processes from US to India.

Posses US Visa for 10 years (2010-2020).


Career Summary:  

Total KPO Exp:  6 Years and 3 months 

Oracle Financial Solutions Software Ltd. (Jan 2007 – till date)
Designation:       Deputy Team Lead
Team Name:       Investment Accounting Group

Team Strength:   14
Technology: Bloomberg, In-house Applications (Proprietary Recon tool, PAM & ADAM), MS Excl

Team Functionality:

The Investment Accounting Group (IAG) offers investment accounting services to an array of financial institutions.  Most of the clients are insurance companies and mutual funds; we also have some clients that are in bank and real estate industries. 

The group also deals with various asset managers, custodians and provides reporting on numerous legal entities, and portfolio structures. These portfolios represent mostly combination of both fixed and equity assets.
List of services IAG provides: 

· Reconciliation of cash activity with custodians for our client on daily basis.

· Three way asset/par reconciliation between Client, Investment Manager and Custodian.
· Monthly NAV calculation and financial reporting for each portfolios.

· Returns calculation for each portfolio up-to six decimal precision.
· Schedule D and other regulatory reporting.

Job Responsibilities:
· Transitioning work from client end (based out of US) to India and its implementation from end-to-end perspective.

· Actively involved in recruitment process and being a part of Interview Panel (1st Level) has the responsibility of hiring suitable candidates for the Project.

· Train the new hires.

· Review process deliverable before sending to the client.
· Attend to queries and discrepancies arising.

· Preparing and maintaining Quality Tracker, adhering to SLA.

Achievements:

· Joined the Project as team member and was promoted as Deputy Team Lead for the same team in August 2010.

· Fully responsible for handling the second shift (starting from 03:30 PM to 12:30 AM) and for successfully handling, received appreciation from client.

· Handled team in the absence of team leader and work performed during the period received accolades from the client and senior management.
· Visited U.S. twice to transit processes from U.S. to India.
Ocwen Financial Solution’s Pvt. Ltd. (from Aug 2005 to Dec 2006)
Designation:       Analyst Originations Services
Job Responsibilities:

· Managing various reports viz., production report, attendance, etc. and sending them to TL, AM and at Client end.

· Accessing risk related to both Lender and the Investor of the Mortgage Industry.

· Scrutinizing the collateral in terms of determining the true market value of the property.

· Calculating and validating borrower’s income from various income docs, viz., pay stubs, W2’s, 1040, 1099 etc.

· Determining credibility of the borrower and his willingness to pay from tri-merged credit report.

· Calculating various rations for determining borrower’s ability to pay.

· Responsible for meeting various federal and state specific laws.

· Interest rate, amortization type and term are determined. 

· Responsible for taking a decision on the file, viz., to Pass, Suspend, Deny or to do a Counter Offer.

· Counter potential fraudulent.


Education and Qualification:

	Degree
	Stream
	University/Board
	Institute
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	M.B.A
	Finance & Marketing
	Bangalore University
	Sri Siddhartha Institute of Management Studies, Tumkur
	2005
	66.8

	B.C.A
	Computer Science
	Vinoba Bhave University
	St. Colomba’s College (Hazaribagh)
	2002
	75.25

	I.Sc. (+2)
	Mathematics  & Biology
	C.B.S.E
	Central School (B.T.P.S)
	1998
	65.5

	Matriculation (X th )
	
	C.B.S.E.
	Central School (B.T.P.S)
	1996
	70.66



Personal Information:

Sex


:
Male

Marital Status

:
Married

Date of Birth

:           January 15, 1981
Languages Known 

: 
English, Hindi and Bengali. 
Hobbies


: 
Music ( Sangeet Prabhakar, from Allahabad Gharana)
Nationality

:           Indian 

Passport


:
Yes

Visa


:
B1 (USA)


Date :







         


Debaryya Chakraborty

