














































  

 

Priyanka Sharma 

Contact No. +91- 9811417480; Email: priyankasharmapaul@gmail.com 

Linked in Profile: www.linkedin.com/in/priyanka-sharma-57265243/ 

 

Managerial expertise in the field of Performance Management, Employee Engagement, Coaching & 

Evaluation, People Management and Training & Development with an organization of repute. 

 

SUMMARY OF SKILLS 

 

 A proactive leader with more than 8+ years of rich experience in driving business results 
through active mentoring, managing and coaching of Account Managers, identifying process 

improvement opportunities, and participating in important business projects. 

 Currently spearheading as Assistant Manager –with Silverskills Pvt.Ltd with proven ability in 
management of direct reports, proactively monitoring daily/weekly operational statistics. 

 Highly skilled in performance management (setting expectations, observing, coaching, 

counseling and rewarding) ; performance metrics and tracking. 

 Gained exposure in maintaining and supporting an engaged and collaborative team 

environment, Communicating and reinforcing company goals, policies, practices and 

values. 

 Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with managerial strengths in synchronizing 
team efforts to catalyze work execution to specified quality standards 

 Additional Skills include experience in recruitment of employees, Induction & On-Boarding and 
Employee Engagement. 

 

 

Areas of Expertise 

 

♦People Management ♦Performance Management ♦Coaching/Mentoring & Feedback 
♦Process Improvement ♦Recruitment ♦Performance Improvement 
♦Employee Engagement ♦ Team Management/ Building ♦Training & Development 

 

 

Work Experience  

 

 Organization: Silverskills Pvt. Ltd, Gurgaon    (1 Year, 5 Months)                                       
Designation: Assistant Manager (BGRS Pioneer- APAC) 

Key Responsibilities:  
i. Managing 3 relocation regions for BGRS 
ii. Deliver enhanced productivity with efficient turnaround times ensuring highest standards in 

quality across the entire APAC regions.  

iii. Address operational issues and concerns in a timely fashion, determine staffing requirements. 
iv. Assist in Interviewing, recruiting, training, performance evaluation, promotion and 

termination activities. 

v. Responsible for daily / weekly operational statistics and reporting trends / variances to 
maintain operational and service excellence standards, to recommend process improvements.  

vi. Monitor performance management; performance metrics and develop productive, profitable 
and achievement oriented working environment for employees. 

 

http://www.linkedin.com/in/priyanka-sharma-57265243/


 Organization: Encore Capital Group, Gurgaon                   (5 Years, 2 Months) 
Designation: Group Manager (Internal Legal) 

Key Responsibilities:  
vii. Directly responsible for a team of 18 Legal Specialists 
viii. Communicate and reinforce company goals, policies, practices, values and initiatives in a 

way that helps Account Managers understand their contribution and accountability to the 

success of the organization.  

ix. Drive business results through the active mentoring, managing and coaching of account 
managers to drive consistent achievement of operational goals based on reporting analysis, 

observation and monitoring 

x. Identify opportunities for process improvement in operational / company procedures and 
participate in important business projects ; act as a subject matter expert by demonstrating 

technical knowledge and skills critical to the business 

xi. Proactively monitor daily / weekly operational statistics and reporting trends / variances to 
inform management of potential trends, issues and opportunities 

xii. Responsible for all aspects of performance management (setting expectations, observing, 
coaching, counseling and rewarding); performance metrics and tracking and supporting an 

engaged and collaborative team environment. 

 

 Organization: Varroc Engineering Pvt. Ltd. , Noida                                  (2 Years 5 
Months) 

Designation: HR- Executive (Recruitment) 

Key Responsibilities: 

i. Recruitment- Understanding manpower requisition from the concerned department, Sourcing 
candidates that match the desired skills, Screening, Scheduling technical interviews 

ii. Induction & On Boarding - Issuing offer/appointment letter post candidate selection, Filing 
relevant documentation, Introduction to the concerned department. 

iii. Employee Engagement - Taking initiatives to engage staff, Conducting Focus Groups/surveys 
to evaluate engagement level, Planning Employee engagement events. 

iv. Coordinate training sessions post recruitment for educating new hires on company policies, 
procedures, values, etc. 

 

Project Experience  

 

 Problem Statement: Manual Downloading and Renaming (editing) of account-related 
documents from sellers (Barclays, Synchrony/GE, Convoke/Citibank, etc.) impacted the TAT of 

ensuring these documents’ availability within Encore’s system (GUI). 

 Resolution:  
i. Created a check-list of various account-related documents that are typically received from all 

sellers.   

ii. Defined a clear Naming Convention for different types of documents. 
iii. Coordinated with SAS Expert / Business Analyst to create a Macro Enabled tool to 

download, automatically rename (using the defined naming convention), and then attach 

these account-related documents to Encore’s system (GUI). 

 Project Benefits:  
iv. FTEs Saved – 6: Manual Downloading & Renaming utilized 8 FTEs; post-automation only 2 

FTEs were required to audit the results from automation, and work any exceptions. 

Redirected the saved 6 FTEs to work on additional tasks within the team. 

v. Consistent delivery within TAT – 100% for all batches received post-automation. 
vi. Process Quality Scores jumped to 100%. 



 

Educational Background 

 

Certification/Degree Specialization/Board Institute/University Academic 
Score 

Year 

PGDM 
Human Resource 

Management 
IMT, Ghaziabad 65.6% 2011 

Graduation Commerce DAV(PG)/ HNBGU 52.2% 2007 
12

th
 CBSE SGRR PB School 68.2% 2004  

10
th

 CBSE SGRR PB School 77.4% 2002 
 

 

Achievements 

 

 Awarded as FBRIC Champion (Respect) by senior leadership for displaying Company's values, 
Encore Capital Group (Dec, 2013) 

 Won Best Walk Runner Up in Fashion Show at DAV(PG)College (Oct, 2004)     

 

 

Personal Details 

 

 Fathers Name :  Harish Kumar Sharma 

 Date of Birth : 22nd October 1986  

 Address : S-105, Parampuri, Uttam Nagar West, Delhi 

 Linguistic Abilities : English, Hindi 

 Interests  : Listening to Music, Travelling 

                                                                     

 

 


