





















































         
177/1







Block-A Green Park
                                                                      
Lake Town Kolkata 700055






         Email ID:anand-sinha@live.com

                                                                                                     Phone# +91-9830211662

OBJECTIVE:
To work with such an organization, that offers carrier growth and put my knowledge to practical utilization for the benefit of the organization and my own carrier progression.

ABOUT ME:
A positive thinker and fast learner, with over 3.6 years of experience working with different and culturally diverse people, skilled in highest possible standard in customer services delivery and satisfaction, a core believer in achieving organizational goals and predefined SLAs.
PERSONAL DETAILS:

Nationality:
Indian

Marital Status: Single

Languages known: Hindi & English

Birth Date:
20/10/1983

ACADEMICS:
Graduate in Computers Application (BCA) from IGNOU in 2005.
EXPERIENCE:

HCL TECHNOLOGIES LTD ----- 3.6 Years (April ’05 – Oct ’08)
Designation---Sr CSE

Process Name- (1) MACY’S (US) 

Nature of Profile: - Collection (AR)
Responsibilities 

· Handled inbound and outbound first party soft collections calls for Macy’s customers regarding their Macys credit card queries.

· Achieved predefined goals for dollar collection on delinquent credit card accounts.

· Given on floor training and mentorship to new hiring.

· Bagged several awards and recognition for achieving top collection, best quality and customer service.

Process Name- (2) NESTLE WATERS POWWOW (UK) - B2B

Nature of Profile: - Sales Ledger 
Responsibilities

· Worked as AR officer for the first 3 months of joining Nestle as a process in HCL, where I handled inbound calls from Nestle waters Powwow customer regarding their payments against invoices.

· Worked in similar Line of Business within the same process (NESTLE)  as an Accounts Payable(AP) officer for over two years, where I handled inbound calls from several service providers to Nestle regarding their payments related queries.

· As an AP officer I was assigned the task of meeting the service level target by maintaining 24 hrs turn around time. 

Handled requests and queries related to invoices, payments and remittances from AR departments of several companies via email and phone. 
Date:   22/09/2011










Place:
Kolkata








ANAND  KR  SINHA





