

















	SUMAN ROY



Mobile : 9830733662 / 9883564809
Email ID : sumanroy_88@yahoo.co.in
												                                                                                                  
	
									     		
Objective:

Want a challenging and rewarding position in the field of Information Technology that will utilize my technical capabilities and where emphasis is on hard work along with providing opportunities for career advancement with global experiences.

Academics:

Completed Madhyamik  from Mudialy High School (WBBSE) in the year of 2004.

Completed Higher Secondary from Mudialy High School (WBCHSE) in the year of 2006.

Completed B.Com. (General) from South City Heramba Chandra College (Calcutta University) in the year of 2009.

  
Professional Qualifications:

IC-Next course from IIJT InfoTech.



Technical Exposure:

Operating Systems :            Windows XP, Vista, Win 7, Win 8, Win 10,
                                          Mac OS.             

                                         
Hardware Exposure :           PC Assembling, Maintenance (Fault finding & 
	 troubleshooting) .
	 Hardware & Software Installation.


Network Exposure :	 Network designing, troubleshooting & maintenance. 


Others :	 IOS support & troubleshooting (Iphone & Ipad ) 
                                         MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).
	











Professional Experience accounts 


● Worked as a “Technical Support Executive” in Ecallserve Outsourcing PVT LTD from March 2010 to January 2013. 

● Worked as a “System Executive” in Dynamic Commodities PVT. LTD. from 
   21st January 2013 to 13th August 2014.  


● Working as a “Dialer & System Executive” in AB Insurance Brokers PVT. LTD.  from 18th August 2014 to 7th February 2015. 

● Working as a “Sr. Technical Support Executive” in Spectrum Linxys  from 17th February 2015 to till Present. 


Providing technical  Support to USA, UK & AUSTRALIA Clients.

	Chat Support – Resolve technical queries.


	 IT Services and Support (PC Assembling, Software Installation and Repair).


	Handling of Windows software issues regarding Client’s computer.


	Computer diagnostics and repair.


	Troubleshooting system errors.


	Updating drivers and security to protect the system against online threats.


	Setting up and resolving connection problems to the Internet, and devices.


	Optimizing PC’s speed up and performance to run smoothly.


	Virus and Malware removal.


	Data Recovery, Email ID support recovery.


	MS outlook configuration.


	Networking (Configure, Manage and Troubleshooting).


	Handling inbound calls from the customer and providing them online

Resolution. 








Personal Profile

Date of Birth:	27-04-1988
Father’s name:	Sri Uttam Roy
Marital Status:	Married
Languages Known:	Bengali, English, and Hindi
Permanent Address:	M-47/1A Paharpur Road Garden Reach Kolkata –700024.

Extra-Curricular Activities	
Football. Art of Painting.

Declaration:

I consider myself familiar with Computer Hardware & Networking Aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place:																	SUMAN ROY	
Date:   																


