














































NITESH PANDEY 
Contact No.: 6362226399 ~ E-Mail: nitesh.pandey014@gmail.com 

 
~Web Developer ~  

 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
 
Result-oriented & vibrant Web Developer with 2 years of rich experience in: 

 
~ HTML5 
~ CSS3 
~ Bootstrap 

~ Wordpress 
~ Javascript 
~ AngularJS  Basics 

~ Adobe Dreamweaver 
~ PSD To HTML 
~ HTML To Wordpress 

 
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 

 

 Currently Working with Besting Communication, Bangalore. 
 
 

 Dynamic and result-oriented Web developer, offering 2 years of rich exposure across Wordpress, HTML5, CSS3, 
JavaScript, Responsive Designing and Bootstrap and beginner level knowledge of AngularJs. Excellent time 
management skills with proven ability to work accurately and quickly prioritize and consolidate tasks. 
 

 Strong ability to master a situation quickly; highly knowledgeable in various aspects of the UI development and 
skilled at managing high pressure situations. 

 Experience to work in team and resources as per the requirement. 

 Project Handled: 
1. www.ibridgellc.com 

2. www.mindstudio.co.in 

3. www.imagiwork.com 

4. www.education.ibridgellc.in 

5. www.ibbsllp.com 

6. www.dvaio.com 

7. www.confect.in 

8. www.channelone.in 

9. www.exoticdesignercards.com 

10. www.eventplannerdelhi.com 

11. www.hhfsdelhi.com 

12. www.willettcable.com 

13. www.alliancedjs.com 

14. www.acrennorganics.in 

 
 
AREAS OF EXPOSURE 

 
UI Development 

 Created reusable HTML templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines.  

 Worked on building the responsive web pages using bootstrap. Preparing Job Descriptions & identifying    

competencies required. 

 Designed web pages using web technologies like JavaScript, HTML5, Bootstrap and CSS3.  



NITESH PANDEY 
Contact No.: 6362226399 ~ E-Mail: nitesh.pandey014@gmail.com 

 
 Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags. 

 Also have to migrate the website from one domain to another. 

 
 

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 

 
Besting Communication ---- 25 September’17 to Current 
Designation:  Web Developer 
Roles & Responsibilities     
 

 Handling Entire Frontend Designing. 

 Create Web pages front end as per design comps and information architecture. 

 R&D on new technologies and applying it to enhance the sites. 

 Installing wordpress from cPanel and required plugins also. 

 Convert HTML page to Wordpress. 

 Follow best practices and standards for accessibility and cross-browser compatibility. 

 Ensure design consistency with client’s development standards and guidelines. 

 
 

 
 
EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS 

 

B.Tech (Information & Technology) 2016 
BBDIT, Ghaziabad, U.P. 
 

CLASS XII 2011 
S.U.V Inter College, Varanasi, U.P. 
 

CLASS X 2009 
S.U.V Inter College, Varanasi, U.P. 
 

 
INTER PERSONAL SKILLS: 

 

 Confident, dynamic, interactive in nature, inspirational & motivational capabilities, dexterous grasping 
capability. 
 Highly organized and dedicated, with a positive attitude. 
 Able to handle multiple assignments under high pressure and consistently meet deadlines. 
 Well versed with Submile Text3, Notepad++ and Dreaweaver. 

 
 
PERSONAL DOSSIER 

   

Date of Birth  : 12th February, 1994 

Languages known    : English, Hindi 

Marital Status               :             Single 

Nationality  : Indian 


