










































                                                                              CURRICULUM VITAE                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Prateek Kumar                                                                                                                                              
Mobile: +91-8053387134 
Present Address:  D-114, Arya Nagar, Palwal, 
Districrt Palwal, Haryana 121102  
E-Mail:prateekkumar65782@gmail.com 
 

 
To work in a competitive enviroment where I will get ample oppportunities to perform at responsible position & exhibit my telent for 

achiving organizationl objectives with optimun utilization my siklls & potential.. 

 
 

EDUCATIONALS QUALIFICATION 

 

➢ 10th passed with 79% from HBSE Bhiwani. 

➢ 12th Passed with 75% from HBSE Bhiwani. 

➢ I have completed my B.tech (Civil engineering) with 73.2% aggregate from Maharishi Dyanand University in 2015 
 
TECHNICAL KEY SIKLLS 

 

✓ Basic knowledge of computer and Internet 

✓ Knowledge of Software REMS. 

✓ Tally .Erp 9 
 
EXPERIENCE 

 

➢ 3 Months Internship as a Site Engineer in Construction Department from Omaxe Pvt. Ltd. 
 

 

 



➢   KALKA HOME DEVELOPERS PVT. LTD.  :-  
A Real Estate Group working last 15 yrs for developing Group Housing Projects in Bhiwadi Kalka Royal Residency and Kalka 
The Pearl.  Possession offered of Bilder Floor in Faridabad, Ashoka Enclave, and Sainik Colony. 

 
Profile - Working as Asst. Manager Admin & CRM from March-2016 to to till date. 
 
Roles & Responsibility:-  

●  Punching Application Form of Booking in Erp Software. 
● Handle all the queries of customers regarding demands and receipts and project status. 
●  Responsible for  handle petty cash, attendence register and office operation  
● Co-ordinate with site office for employee status and update the records for management purpose. 
● Prepare MIS Report regarding Dues, Unit Status and Collection. 
● Operate to Erp Software and outlook express for mailing purpose.  
● Responsible for finishing work on site be on time. 

 
 

 

 

STRENGTH:-  

 

● Work with positive attitude to contribute the healthy functioning of the organization. 
● Self-Confident and Great Patience. 
● Willingness to Learn. 
● Adaptability to change environment.     
● Hard Working & Capable to work in a Team. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



PERSONAL DETAIL:- 
 

Name: -      Prateek Kumar 
Father Name: -    Sh. Dinesh Kumar  
Nationality: -    Indian 
Date of Birth: -        20th September,1995 

Languages Known:-   English, Hindi  

Hobbies:-Watching movies and songs, spending time with family, roaming around to gain knowledge on every possible area. 

 

DECLARATION 

I hereby solemnly affirm that all the details provided above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief and that at 
all times, I shall carry myself in a manner that lends dignity to the organization and worthy enough of the person. 

 

 

                                    Thank you for pursuing my personal information 

 

Date: 

 

Place:Palwal                                                                                                                                             (Prateek Kumar) 


