














































RESUME 
 

 
AYUSH KUAMR SINGH                                                                                 
Contact No. +91-9716427725                                                                        
Email: Ayushkumar1008@gmail.com                                   
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

 

Seeking a responsible job with an opportunity for professional challenges to work in learning and challenging 
environment, utilizing my skills and knowledge to be the best of my abilities and contribute positively to my 
personal growth as well as growth of the organization. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE:  

 
Duration Feb’2015 – till date. 

 
Domain 

Insurance  

Working with Genpact India as a “Process Developer”, providing underwriting 
support for Surety. 

 
 
 

Roles 
& 

Responsibilities 

 Analyzing the financial data and prepare the reports which shows the 
financial statement of the clients.  

 Bond Maintenance: Issuance, Renewal, cancellation and reinstatement, etc. 

 MIS reporting: Start of Day & End of Day, Daily Dashboard, Monthly Client 
Dashboard, Tracker maintenances such as leave tracker, Error tracker, 
Volume tracker, Query tracker and other Process related trackers 

 Qualities Check for Policies, Client Processing and other process. 

 Part of new Process transitions of critical work type such as Bond Entries, 
Dnoc, Renewal Bonds 

 Handling Client queries/ urgent request. 
 Providing process training to New Joinee as certified process trainer.  

 

LEAN PROJECTS: 

 
o Daily CU Report – Modified Daily CU Report to show Surety and Manchester team's Capacity 

Utilization separately 
o Fortnightly CU Report – Created a sheet to calculate team and the individual's CU for every 

15 days. 
o Monthly CU Report – Automated the monthly CU report to calculate the monthly CU for 

Surety and Manchester separately as well combined CU for the team to be used in various 
report outs such as Clients Dashboards. 

o X-Date Calculator – Created a tool, which automatically calculates the expiration date by 
updating effective date and contract amount as per SOP. This tool is used by client also. 

o CUA Reflector – Created a CUA reflector, which helps in calculation of amounts to use in CUA 
processing. 

o Query Tracker Updater- Created a sheet (using Macro) which automatically opens, updates 
the data, saves it and closes it post updation. This minimizes the risk of overwriting the data 
when multiple users use the same tracker at a time and allows them to use it at the same 
time. 

Flat no 102, Plot no. 33  

Sultanpur extn. 

New Delhi - 110030 

mailto:Ayushkumar1008@gmail.com


o Dnoc Check List- Created a check list (using Macro), which automatically check each process 
step and also suggest all the exception as per SOP. It also update the tracker just by one click 
which save individual efforts to update and maintain tracker. 

o File name Extractor- Dnoc Pro a Macro tool which help to extract the pdf name from the 
folder. Also suggest the combination of cancellation and reinstatement, maintain the 
inventory of NOC’s.  

o Automated Rating Sheet (PDF) creator – A Excel Macro tool which create a rating sheet, 
Update Bond amount, Bond#, Class code, and export the rate sheet to excel, it can create PDF 
for all the bonds just in one click. 

Got Certification in three lean out of 9 lean project and other are filed as “Just Do it”  
 

TECHNICAL SKILL:  

 
o Microsoft Office 

o MS Excel –  
 Basic Excel - VlookUp & HlookUp, Pivot Table, Data Inputs, Cell formatting, etc. 
 Advance Excel- Marco, VBA Language, Range function, Loop, Set, if, etc. 

o MS PowerPoint – Graph, PPT, Text Formatting, Table 
o MS Access, Outlook, etc 

o Share Drive, E-mail and other basic tools. 
 

ACHIEVEMENT: 

 
o Awarded with “Sort Award” in Q1 2018. 
o Promoted as “Process Developer” in Q2 2017. 
o Achieved “Coffee with Leadership” in Q1 2017. 
o Awarded as “Star Award” for the year 2016 
o Promoted as “Senior Process Associate” in Q4 2016 
o Awarded as “Best Trainer”  in Q3 2016 
o Awarded as “SwissRe Camp” in Q2 2016  
o Promoted as “Process Trainer” in Q1 2016. 
o Awarded as “Bronze Award” in Q4 2015 
o Get “Lean Certified” in Q3 2015 
o Awarded as a “Best Trainee” during the training period. 
o “Mr. Dependable”, “Idea Hamster”, “Excel Expert” are some title given by Management and 

Client. 
 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:  

 
Qualifications Board/Univ. Year 

PGDFM NMIMS(Distance) 2017 

B.com Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith, Varanasi. 2013 

XII C.B.S.E 
(commerce) 

2010 

X C.B.S.E 2008 
CERTIFICATE COURCE DCA (Diploma in computer application) “A” Grade 

 

PERSONAL SKILLS:  

 

 Good Excel knowledge. 

 Language known-  HINDI, ENGLISH 

 Habit to get in healthy conversation. 



   
STRENGHT 

 

 Adaptable to change, Believe in Hard Working. 

 Ability to work under pressure in a competitive environment. 

 Analytical. 

 Problem-solving and decision-making. 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

 

Father’s Name  :   Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh 

Date of Birth  :   26th Feb, 1992 

Sex   :   Male 

Nationality  :   Indian 

Marital Status  :   Single 

                        

                                                                                                             (Ayush Kumar Singh) 


