












































Resume

Curriculum Vitae
Mukesh Gupta
	Career Objective


To harness and sharpen my skill and knowledge and to occupy respectable position in the organization in due course based on my ability and performance.  

	Educational Qualifications


Passed B. Com (Hons. – Accountancy) 

–2001.

Passed W.B.C.H.S.E. from Shree Jain Vidyalaya 
–1997.

Passed Madhyamik from Shree Jain Vidyalaya 
–1995.

	Computer Proficiency


Windows 95/98.

Good working knowledge and trained in MS-DOS, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word.

Accounting Packages like Tally, Fact, Ace, etc.

	Working Experience


Currently associated with GENPACT as Process Developer from 29th April 2009.
Major responsibilities:
· Accounting and reconciling Royalty (Off-line) Accounts of US based Client.
· Auditing and reconciling Royalty (Online) Accounts of US based Client.
· Achievements under a KPO

· Lean ACE Certified

· Help our client in their process through my LEAN idea
· Handling Fixed Assets and General Ledger process for global (Scandic) based client.
· Transitioned this process and bring it for the company.
Neotia Elbit Hospital Venture Ltd. (Ambuja Group) as Assistance Manager (Accounts) from 15th October 2007 to April 09.
Major responsibilities: 

· To check all the expenses bills and arrange for their payment accordingly. 

· To pass entries under suitable head (payment/receipt including cash)

· To deal with the statutory payment of monthly TDS, Service Tax and professional tax.

· To handle bank and cash transactions
· To prepare MIS (monthly – Trial, P/L & B/S) 
PKC COMMODITIES Ltd. (a mid size stock broking firm) as Accountants Assistance from June – ’04 to 13th October 2007.
Major responsibilities: 

· To check all the expenses bills and make their payment accordingly. 

· To pay the clients as per their payouts (Creditors’ Management)

· To pass entries under suitable head (payment/receipt including cash)

· To deal with the statutory payment of monthly service-tax, professional tax, etc.

· To provide proper guidance to clients in regards to their day-to-day issues.

· To assist in allocation of funds.

· To handle cash and cash transactions (except petty-cash)

M/s S M Gupta & Co. (CA Firm) – as Junior Accountant from November - ‘03 to May – ’04.

Responsibility: 

To assist in finalization. (Individuals categories only)

M/s Basuki Enterprises – as Assistant Accountant

Responsibility: 

To pass all the receipt and payment entries and also making the bills/challans (computerized)

	Skills Acquired


Knowledge of accountancy.

Good working ability in EDP Environment.

Teamwork abilities and analytical skills.

	Personal Details


Father’s Name

:     Late Kanahiya Lal Gupta

Date Of Birth
:
November 3rd 1979

Nationality
:
Indian

Marital Status
:
Married 

Language Known
:
Hindi, English & Bengali.

Hobbies
: 
Playing cricket. Watching movies.

Travelling, interacting and meeting with people.
Date:







Place: Kolkata






(Signature)

6, Khelat Ghose Lane.


 Email ID: mukeshgupta_mukesh@rediffmail.com         

Kolkata – 700 006.





Mobile No: +919830980082

