












































S.Karthikeyan
E: karthikeyan1119@gmail.com | M: 8870830890	 | Bhavani, Erode

Front End Web Application Developer with 2.7 years of experience in Angular 2, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, Css with experience working in Agile-Scrum and Waterfall environments for projects.

Technical Skills
	
            Web Technologies              :     Angular 2, TypeScript, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap, 
			            Json, Xml, Php

             Database                              :     MySQL

Professional Experience

Web UI Developer	Innobot Systems		Coimbatore 	December 2016 - Till date
Software Engineer	Vembu Technologies		Coimbatore 	December 2014 - May 2016

Projects:
Cyrano
Technologies:  Angular 2, TypeScript, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap, Json
C                                   	cyrano is a Leadership Communications Platform designed to help business leaders better connect and engage with employees using video messaging. From company announcements to employee shout-outs, Cyrano elevates your vision above the chatter. Cyrano is an application developed to increase employee engagement in an organization. It helps the organization staff to know and communicate to both vertical and horizontal level hierarchy peoples effectively. Using cyrano, people are able to record video/audio clipings and can send instant messages and share it to the other users within an organization. This helps them to share their ideas easily to any level of people.

My Role: 
· Responsible for developing and implementing new modules for the application
· Enhancing the existing features and done a unit testing for both local and Dev environments
· Fixing the UI issues
· Worked in tight 2-3 week sprint cycles


BDR (Backup and Cloud Disaster Recovery)
Technologies:  JavaScript, JQuery, PHP, HTML, CSS, BootStrap, Xml
C                                   	BDR is a comprehensive data protection solution designed to meet the needs of small and medium sized business. It helps IT administrators protect their heterogeneous data center environment – both physical and virtual servers along with the applications that reside in the system. It provides backup and restore for Files, Disk image, VMware, Hyper-V.

My Role: 
· Responsible for  enhancing the existing features for the application
· Fixing the UI issues 
Educational Qualification:
· B.E - Electronics and Communication, Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathyamangalam, 2010-2014
· HSC – S.V.N High School, Kongampalayam, 2009-2010
· SSLC – ST.Mary’s High School, K.N.palayam, 2007-2008

Personal Profile:
Father Name		: R. Shanmugam
Date of Birth		: 19.11.1992
Place: Coimbatore									Yours Faithfully,
Date: 										  	 (S.Karthikeyan)
