














































Mohit Salviya


                                                 

                                                                    

                                                  
 

Maneesh Gupta                                                                                                             

guptamaneesh1987@gmail.com                                                                                             +918700392457 

 

 

 

 

➢ SAS, SQL, R, Excel, VBA, Big Data, Analytics, Latest Technologies 
 

 

 

➢ Base SAS (Programming, Manipulation, Cleansing, Sorting/ Sampling, Missing Value & 
Outlier Treatment, 

➢ Merging, Grouping) 
➢ Advance SAS (Proc SQL and Macro - %macro %mend, call symput) 
➢ Analytical SAS (Scoring, Anova, Predictive Modeling, T-Test, logistic regression and linear 

regression, Model Performance, SAS statistics, Statistical data analysis, Model Building, KS 

Stats, Correlation, C-Value, Beta) 

➢ R (correlation, basic statistic functions, data handling, and visual representation through 
charts, graphs, and plots) 

➢ Basic working knowledge on Tableau, Cognos for creating different dashboards and 
graphical reports. 

➢ MS excel VBA and MACRO, creating automated reports based on Macro 
➢ MS Office Suite, Win XP/7/8/10 

 

 

 

➢ Worked as a Data Analyst in IBM India Pvt. Ltd. from 23rd Apr’10 to 31’ Dec’14. 
 

➢ Promoted as a Business Analyst with IBM India Pvt. Ltd. From 01st Jan’15 till date. 
 
 

 

 

 

➢ Analytics, MIS, Credit Strategy, Data Strategy, Data Engineer, SAS Programmer, 
Marketing 

➢ Model Validation & Model Development within banking & insurance domain. 
➢ Working with different clients (Morgan Stanley, State Street banking and Chubb & Sons  

for predictive modeling on their different financial product) 

Experiences 

 

 

Working profile as Business Analyst 

Area of Interest 

Skill Set 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



➢ Working on Merging, Reporting, Data Insights, Data Cleansing, EXCEL, SAS, SQL 
Database, Extracting Reports, Data Correction, Data Updating, Joining Data, Big data 

analytics 

 

 
 

➢ Analysis on the monthly incentive work for the overall accounts at Noida. 
➢ Analysis on Yearly bonus based on performance and management input as per bell curve 

scenario. 

➢ Analysis on shift allowance incentive work based on shift attended by employee and 
operations input. 

➢ Analysis yearly point distribution based on employee performance and management input. 
➢ Analysis on AHA (Additional Hours Attended) by employees on monthly basis. 
➢ Analysis on Rewards and recognition work for the employees. 
➢ Preparing, analyzing and validating new reports with the help of VBA and excel formulas. 
➢ Analysis on Long term, midterm and short term forecasting  
➢ Preparing daily production report and process reports. 
➢ Identifying and investigating root causes and trends of errors and working towards 

eliminating them to increase accuracy. 

➢ Real time reporting, intraday reporting, day end reporting, Historical reporting, Trend 
Analysis. 

 

 

 

SAS Projects: 

 

➢ Financial – Finding Potential Credit Card Customers 

• Keywords: Data Cleansing, Model Validation, Model Development, Model Comparison  

• SAS: PROC Means, Proc rank, PROC Sort, PROC Freq, PROC Regg, PROC logistic, 
SAS/Macro, PROC SQL  

• Predicted prospective buyers  

• Differentiated the key characteristics between buyers and non-buyers  

• Focused on predicting prospective buyers from existing customers  

• Initial Exploratory Data Analysis using PROC Freq and PROC Means, Missing value 
imputation using PROC Stdize.  

• Outlier treatment, Rank ordering (Scoring), KS Statistics and Variable reduction 
technique on the basis of IV.  

• Built Logistic Regression model and studied the ROC curve and other generated 
parameters such as Concordant/Discordant, Betas, C Value.  

 

➢ Retail – Campaign to Potential Upgraders for Multipurpose Cards 
 

• Keywords: Data Insights, Merge Data, Segmentation, Clustering, Grouping, Summation, 
Comparison, Dunnett, Tukey, Statistical Significance 

• SAS: PROC Import, PROC Append, PROC Contents, PROC Sort, PROC SQL, 
SAS/BASE, Merge 

• Identify the best segment for migration 

• Customer Profiling and Segmentation based on the Demographics and transactional data 

Projects Undertaken 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Working profile as Data Analyst 
 



• Search for Common Variables and Merge the Data 

• Based on spend and transaction distribution divide the customers into buckets using 
Deciles (PROC Rank). Various SAS techniques like PROC Stdize, PROC Sort, 

SAS/SQL, Merge, by data step Processing etc. are used to find the ideal customers to be 

targeted for the migration 

• According to the availability of the budget with the client, identified target customers 
using generated reports. 

 

 

 

 

➢ Completed the All- Career Planning Quick Cases training 
➢ Completed Advance excel 2007 training 
➢ Completed Acing an IJP training 
➢ Introduction to R Programming 
➢ Got Hall of the fame 3 times in a year. 

 
 

 

 

➢ SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 with 94% score. 
➢ SAS Statistical Business Analysis Using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling with 87% score. 
➢ ITIL Foundation Certified 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Date:        

Qualification Year of 

Passing 

Institute/University  

Graduation 2009 B. Com (P) from University of Delhi.  

12th 2005 CBSE  

10th 2003 CBSE  

Extra Curricular Activities in IBM 

 

Certification 

 

Educational Qualifications 



Place:         

 

(Maneesh Gupta) 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

                                                      

 

 

 

 

                                                          

 

 


