












































Dileep K Kumar
SAP UI5 & Fiori Consultant
Bangalore | +919886670633 | dileepkkumar90@gmail.com

Results-oriented IT professional with over 4 years of experience in SAP UI5, SAP Fiori

and Netweaver Platform with an objective to continuously learn and acquire a

challenging position to be an effective contributor.

SAP Certified Technology Associate – SAP Fiori Implementation & Configuration

Built up SAP experience through Design, Implementation and Enhancement assignments

Hands on experience in custom UI5 & Fiori Implementation

Hands on experience in WebDynpro JAVA & SAP BPM development

Well versed in development platforms like Web IDE, Eclipse & SAP Cloud Platform

Involved in di erent phases of project- Requirement gathering, Architecture design, Core

development & Production support

Good interpersonal/communication skills in a team based environment

2016 - Present

2015 - 2016

Technology Analyst

Infosys Limited

Handled the role of Onshore UI5 Lead with a team of 5 members for a France based

Manufacturing Major with focus towards developing a rich UX tool for Forecasting &

Reporting tool of financial master data during a crisis recovery situation. This project

involved extensive use of custom controls and custom usability features like Copy Paste,

Undo-Redo etc.

Played the role of Solution Lead for SCP (formerly HCP)  solution - Approval Centre. Headed,

coordinated & played the UI5 developer role in the development of the solution which was

a Universal Approval interface connecting to any SAP & Non SAP systems. The solution was

certified by SAP and is now available in the SAP Cloud Platform.

For a German Retail Major, designed and developed a rich UX for User Access Review tool.

The tool had an SAP UI5 interface connected to SAP GRC system via Netweaver Gateway.

Senior Systems Engineer

Infosys Limited

Worked as UI5 lead for a Data Collection Tool of Financial Data Posting tool which in turn

generates Financial Forecast Reports for a France based Manufacturing Major. The project

had integration of SAP UI5 with BW on Hana system through BEx Queries.

For a major hospital, was involved in the requirements gathering, design, development and

Onshore coordination for the UX transformation of Hospital Management module: SAP-ISH.

Was the UI5 lead for a team of 8 members.

Involved in multiple POCs of Fiori like applications with SAP HANA backend, which helped

in securing many projects for the company

SAP UI5 & Fiori

Good experience in Standard UI5 Controls

as well as Custom Control development

SAP BPM

Development experience of SAP BPM and

integration with UI5 & WebDynpro JAVA

applications

Hana XS

Good exposure to XSJS and XSOData

developments

SAP Netweaver Gateway

Basic development experience in OData

development

Aced SAP Certification for  Fiori

Implementation & Configuration

Recognized as one of the top

performers in the delivery unit

Trained and mentored many

freshers by conduction UI5

training sessions

SAP Ace Award for leading

technical team through a crisis

recovery situation 

Bravo Award as a recognition of

superior performance

Awarded with Rising Star Award in

the first year of joining as a

recognition of excellence in

performance from a junior

developer

Summary  

Work experience  

Technical Skills  

High Points  

Awards & Accolades  

 https://www.visualcv.com/dileep-k-kumar



2013 - 2015Systems Engineer

Infosys Limited

Played the role of a UI5 developer for a Financial Master Data application deployed on SAP

Enterprise Portal for a US based CPG Major. This was one of the first use cases of integrating

SAP UI5 with SAP BPM. Project also had the use of technologies like JERSEY for creation of

RESTful services to integrate EJB with SAP UI5.

For a US based CPG Major, Designed and developed an SAP Enterprise Portal based SAP

WebDynpro-JAVA application for Price Master Data with exposure to SAP BPM, EJB and

JDBC.

Developed a WebDynpro-Java application integrated with SAP BPM for a History Reporting

tool for a Germany based Retail Major to generate historical data of di erent stages of

multiple processes, its lead time in each step, details of Approver/Task Owner etc. The tool

was deployed in SAP Enterprise Portal.

For another US based CPG Major, was involved in the development phase of a SAP

WebDynpro-JAVA based Material Master Data Management tool. This tool had integration

with SAP MDM.

2008 - 2012

2007 - 2008

2005 - 2006

Bachelor of Technology in Biomedical Engineering

Sahradaya College of Engineering & Technology

73.0%

4th Rank Holder in Calicut Univeristy

AISSCE - Class XII

Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's Vidya Mandir

79.8%

AISSE - Class X

Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's Vidya Mandir

85.8%

Football

Movies

Music

Father's Name: Krishna Kumar K

Date of Birth: 27-Aug-1990

Marital Status: Single

Excellent Client Interfacing Skills

Creative Thinking

Quick Learner

Team Player

Global Orientation

Good Communication Skills

Education  

Interests  

Personal Details  

Personal Strengths  

 https://www.visualcv.com/dileep-k-kumar

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

http://www.tcpdf.org

