











































Krishna Moorthy V.R.


+91 9092471766

Krishna.anusiya@gmail.com

Objective

To Attain a Challenging Career Opportunity in ITES/BPO Industry and Increase further Knowledge.
Professional Skills

· Solid managerial and administrative experience. 

· Exceptional versatility and adaptability. 

· Dedication and drive as a hard-working individual. 

· Superlative communication and team-building skills. 

· Ability to manage multiple tasks in a pressured environment. 
Working Experience Details

1. Team Leader, Customer Service & BPO Team; Magickwoods Export Pvt Ltd as from May 2011 to till date

Company Profile: Magickwoods, Headquartered in Toronto, Canada; is a leading designer and manufacturer of bath, dining and kitchen furniture. Currently Magickwoods 

Operation is housed in five manufacturing in Canada, India & China. 

Work Description:

1. Taking care of BPO Team/Customer Service Team of India independently.

2. Providing daily sales and revenue details to the top level management.

3. Tracking the Orders & Customer Services Daily Basis.

4. Maintain Quality and TAT.

5. Maintaining the KPI, EMM and All other MIS Reports and publishing to all the departments Daily/Weekly/Monthly.

6. Monitoring & Maintaining Records of EDI (Electronic Data Interchange)

7. Analysing the Customer Complaints and Submitting Report to Top Level Management.
2. Team Leader , Apex Knowledge Solution Pvt Ltd, Chennai  from Dec 2010 to May 2011. Work Description:
a. Handling a team of E-publishing Project.

b. Analyzing Source which is received from the Customer.

c. Allocating Tasks to Team Members.

d. Controlling and Leading the Team.

e. Mail Communication with Customer regarding the Process clarification.
3. Team Lead, Indecomm Global Services India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, Designation: Sr Executive :  2006 to June 2010.


Indecomm has outsourcing jobs to other many companies. I was working in one Vendor Place (@ salem) as Client To transition the projects from Indecomm to Vendor and Managing the Projects.

Projects Handled:

1. Health Care Projects.

2. Retail Application Process

3. US Bank Credit Card Application Process.

4. Australian Retail Processing.

5. Bank Cheque Process

6. Mortgage Process:

a. UniSource

b. Title Traq.

c. Commercial TSR.

d. Title Insurance

e. LandAm (Land America) etc.

· Managing 6 Teams more than 100 Jobs. And also deals with US Clients.
· Lead the Operations Team through Group Leader & Supervisor.

· Project & People Management.

· Testing for New Jobs and doing the Effort Estimation to fix the price.

· Assuring the TAT (Turn Around Time) & Accuracy as per the client requirements

· Client Communication through E-mails.

· Periodically testing the existing Software and changing them if changes require to work fast with good quality.

· Creating New Tools to eliminate the work pressure & minimize the time consume by using Software Team.

· Software & Database Management.

· Making the Volume Trend Analysis to predict the future volume.

· Preparing Accuracy & TAT Analysis Report and updating to Clients & Reporting to the Management people.

· By Webex-Meeting, explaining our process & application to existing and new Clients.

· Participating in Conference Call with Client when Clarifying for the New Process arise.

· Participating in Conference Call with Client when any kind of TAT & Accuracy issue occurred & explaining them the root cause of the issue.

· Creating and implementing actions that restored quality and profitability to division.

· Preparing Production Reports & distributing to Accounts Dept Daily/Weekly/Monthly Basis.
· Played vital role in Transition of Mortgage Jobs to the Vendor Place.

· Conducting Basic Mortgage Training for the New Staffs.
· Recruiting the Mortgage Processing Executives by aptitude test. Conducting Basic Mortgage training & conducting preliminary test to enter onto mortgage production. 
· Worked with Various Mortgage Projects i.e., Title Traq, Title Insurance, Commercial TSR, Unisource, LandAm (Land America).

4. Senior Executive, Indecomm Global Services, Bangalore from October 2005 to February 2006.

· Handling a Separate team independently for an Autralian Project called “Akiko”, consist of 20 operators.

· Retrieve the documents from the client’s ftp site and extract those files to do the entry process.

· Allocate the files to the operators for Entry & QC Process.

· Doing the Final Quality Check before the data conversion.

· Should convert the Processed Data as per the client’s requirement by using Indecomm’s software.

· Assuring the TAT & Accuracy as per the client requirement.

· Client Communication though E-mail & Online Messenger Chatting.

· Preparing Production Reports & distributing to Accounts Daily/Weekly/Monthly Basis.

· Providing the Statistic to the Client & Superior based on their Requirements.
5. Junior Executive, Indecomm Global Services, Bangalore from Augus 2004 to October 2005.

· Retrieving the documents from the client’s ftp site and extract those files to do the entry process.

· Allocate the files to operators for Entry & QC Process.

· Do the Final Quality Check before the data conversion.

· Should convert the Processed Data as per the client’s requirement by using Indecomm’s software.

· Sending the Output Data to client through client’s ftp & sending confirmation mail to the client.

· Preparing Production Reports & distributing to Accounts Daily/Weekly/Monthly Basis.

6 . Processing Associates, KMITES Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, from March 2004 – Aug 2004.

· Worked on US Mortgage Process “Title Track”.
Education

Master of Business Administration (M.B.A),Annamalai University, (Studying - Dec 2011)
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A), Madurai Kamaraj University, April 2003.
Technical Skills

Operating Systems 
:
MS-Windows & XP

Packages

:
MS-Office

DBMS


:
Ms-Access & SQL
Applications

:
EDI (Electronic Data Interchange)

Personal Details

Age


: 
29 Years

Date of Birth

: 
15th May 1983

Nationality

: 
Indian

Gender


: 
Male

Marital Status

: 
Single

Languages Known
:
Tamil, Sourashtra, English & Kannadam.

Permanent Address
: 
4/38 North Car Street,





Emaneshwaram, Paramakudi TK,





Ramanathapuram District,





Tamil Nadu – 623 701.

Communication Add
:
No.3/2 Grace Flats,





Jothi Ramalingam Street,





West Mambalam, Chennai 600033

Contact Number
: 
9092471766 & 9789321405

Email ID

:
Krishna.anusiya@gmail.com




Krishna_anusiya@hotmail.com




Declaration


I hereby declare that the all above information are true and best of my knowledge.

Date
: 

   





Thanking You

Place
: 






        ( Krishna Moorthy VR)
