












































RUCHI SHARMA

Ruchi Sharma






 

Born June 6, 1977
Career Objective

Build a successful career in the human resource function leveraging extensively on my people management and client servicing skills
Work Experience

UNICON Investment Solutions, Mumbai


UNICON is a financial services company which has emerged as a one-stop investment solutions provider. The    company has a sizable presence in the distribution of 3rd party financial products 
Manager – Client Servicing
 
11 Jan’ 11 – till date 

Roles & Responsibilities

Recently joined the organization into a dual responsibility. Recruitment and Client servicing (PWM). Currently assisting the National Head - PWM to build up a team.
· Conducting Inductions for New Joiners.
· Ensuring completion of Joining Formalities (Provident Fund, Gratuity, Insurance, Security Obligations, Personal Details, etc).
· Responsible for creation of Domain Id's, Mail Id's and Access Cards for new joiners.

· Responsible for Appointment letters, Confirmation letters, Lifecycle letters, Transfer letters, Correspondence letters for employees.

· Handling queries pertaining to various recruitment companies for verification of ex-employees database.

Dimensions HRD Consultants, Mumbai
Sr. Consultant – Recruitments
Oct’ 08 – Jan’ 2011
 
 Roles & Responsibilities
· Working with BFSI, IT and FMCG verticals-Middle to Senior Level Assignments.

· Sourcing and validating right candidates on the basis of the requirement(s) through various sources-Job Portals, Referencing and Mapping, Database.

· Screening, searching and short listing candidate's profile according to the parameters set by client companies, Conducting preliminary interview(s) (telephonic) to assess their abilities, communication skills and updating the clients about the candidate's abilities and their expectations
· Pre and post follow up with candidates up to the process of final selection till candidate joins the organization
· Responsible for internal HR activities.
Primary Plus, a division of Spencer Allied Services; in association with Pearson Longman PTE (Singapore), Faridabad 
Assistant Marketing Manager - West

Jan’ 05 – Aug ‘08

Roles & Responsibilities

· Marketing, Business Development & Event Coordination

· Basic Administration and HR support to aid smooth flow.
Vcustomer Services (P) Ltd., New Delhi

Business Process Outsourcing: sales, technical & customer support for various products of clients in UK & U.S
Sr. Customer Care Associate & Trainer, Hewlett Packard, U.S and  Buy.com,US
Sept ’03 – Oct ’04
Paris Bijoux, Flemings Advanced Systems (P) Ltd., Bangalore.

Trader of Costume Design Jewelry, “Paris Bijoux” a French Brand with ‘Swarovski Components’ with about 15 counters in different parts of India
Operations Executive, North Region
July ‘02 – March ’03
Baltic Hyundai (P) Ltd., Faridabad
Showroom & post sales service of Hyundai cars
Sales & Telemarketing Executive 

Jan ‘01 – June ‘02
Academic Qualifications

B.Com, 1998 
Delhi University

Diploma in Computer Management, 1998

1 year course from APTECH 

Pursuing 1 yr Diploma in HR from Welingkar.
Supplementary Information

Areas of interest

HR Functions, Networking & interaction; business communication; Client Servicing function

Skills set

Strong communication skills, flexibility, Organizing, Networking and Activity Oriented


Languages Known

English and Hindi

Contact
+91 9820 257 679
r.sharma06@rediffmail.com
Flat No. 1002, 10th Floor, 
Galaxy Heights, A-Wing,

New Link Road, Goregoan-West, Mumbai

