

















































Curriculum Vitae

Mukesh, B.E, M.Tech in Computer Networks and Engineering
Data Scientist at Infosys
Contact No	:+91 9036795965
E-mail		: mukeshcne@gmail.com
Experience 	: 3 years 2 months


Work Experience :
· Working as Data Scientist at Infosys Ltd, Bangalore from April 2017 to till date.
· Worked as Data Analyst at Predictive Research, Bangalore from December 2014 to March 2017

Technical Skills

	Technology Area
	Tools

	Operating System
	Windows, Linux

	Languages
	Python, R

	SQL/NoSQL Database
	MySql, MongoDB

	Big Data
	Spark, Hadoop,  Hive, PIG

	Office Tools
	Microsoft Excel, Word

	Big Data Platforms
	Cloudera, Horton works

	Analytical skills
	Machine Learning(Regression, Classification) and Text Analytics 



Education Background

	Degree 
	YOP
	University/Institute
	Percentage
	Specialization

	M Tech
	2015
	SJB Institute of Technology, Bangalore(VTU)
	76
	 Computer Networks

	B E
	2012
	CMR Institute of Technology, Bangalore (VTU)
	70
	 Information Science



Project Details: 

	Project # 4
	Smart Leads

	Client
	Trilogy.

	Team Size
	3

	Description
	This project aim is to find the best lead in  smartlead data(Hyundai Data) using data modeling and data mining technique, Here we preprocessed the data in Python (Removing Outliers,filling missing values in cells, removing rows having NA's ), applied RandomForest classification for important  variable selection ,then divided the data in 75/25 as training and testing build the model using training dataset and tested it using the testing dataset and verified the model using confusion matrix.

	Roles and Responsibilities
	· The Role was Data Analyst/Developer.
· Preprocessing and analyzing data in python 
· Applying feature selection machine learning techniques Random Forest and AIC for variable importance.
· Creating Logistics Regression, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Random Forest model and comparing accuracy ofdifferent models 
· Analyzing Acceptance Rate, Close Rate etc. using Confusion Matrix.
· Plotting ROCand AUC

	Environment
	Windows

	Technologies, Tools and Techniques
	Python,Machine Learning and Excel



	Project #3
	Recruitment Analytics

	Customer
	Onetech Ventures Pvt Ltd

	Team Size
	20 ( Analytics 5)

	Description
	The objective of the project is to build an efficient Machine Learning Engine, which analyse candidate records and provide the matching profiles for a specific Job Description. The candidates listed are ranked based on their profiles

	Roles and Responsibilities
	· The role was Senior Data Analyst, working close with the domain and management experts team to understand the problem. 
· Data modelling Techniques used in Machine Learning Engine
· Classification:Classifying candidates profile in domain scenario
· Clustering: Clustering company based on rank while shortlisting candidates.
· Nearest Neighbour:Based on distance algorithm.
· Pattern Matching: Divide & Conquor, String Distance through fuzzy logic and bag of words.
· The above techniques are developed through Python using mongodb queries on panda dataframe, which functions as processing engine.  
· Decision tree based scoring algorithm is used for grouping the candidates. 
· Code optimization and unit testing for the developed code to run effectively for different sets of input

	Environment
	Ubuntu

	Technologies, Tools and Techniques
	Python,Mongodb, Machine Learning, Textual Analytics




	Project #2
	Telecom Immunity

	Customer
	Vodafone

	Team Size
	12

	Description
	The objective of this project is to build an automated self-screening of cellsites, under various telecom scenarios like Usage and Recharges. The Moving Average and Standard Deviation for each cellsites over a period are calculated, finally an ATV (Automated Trigger Value) is generated. The ATV gives the performance of cellsites based on a single day. The bottom 10% cellsites among certain trimmed cellsites are stored in Database for Dashboard view and also sending E-mail about performance summary to all the business head team.

	Roles and Responsibilities
	· The role was Big Data Analytics Specialist.
· Analyse the requirement to develop the strategy.
· Understanding the variable and selecting the important among them for the analytical model.
· A small part of data extracted from hadoop for a single day, initially the preliminary analysis done through Excel and results are analysed with different sampling.
· Then configuring the required analytical tools for modelling big data, used Python and dependent packages for  building the analytical model in the development and Production environment.
· The model is build using the PIG UDF using Python script, made a unit testing by comparing the results obtained from Excel analysis results with PIG UDF script result

	Environment
	Ubuntu

	Technologies, Tools and Techniques
	Cloudera Manager 5.2.5, Oracle Linux 6, Hadoop, HUE, Pig, Hive, Oozie, Flume, Morphine, Regex, Elasticsearch.



	Project #1
	Gender Prediction Model

	Customer
	Admaxim

	Team Size
	2

	Description
	Gender Prediction Model based on Website Content, a Classification Model
Objective of this project is to predict the gender which is used for display of ads depending on gender.User event log data extracted from the user click and visting location in the mobile/web apps Differmt machine learning algorithms are used, like SVM, SGD and random forest Random forest gave accuracy upto 84 %


	Roles and Responsibilities
	· Role was data Anlyst.
· Building different models such SVM, SGDC, Naïve bayes for Classification
· Checking the accuracy pof different models

	Environment
	Excel

	Technologies, Tools and Techniques
	Python(Pandas, numpy, Sklearn and Scikit learn) and Excel





Personal Strengths 
· Self motivation, Interactive, willing to face new challenges.
· Quick grasp, Patience, problem solver and starving to learn.
· Positive energy & attitude in work, Respect, Encouragement.

Personal Information
Name			: Mukesh.
Father's Name		: Shivaji Rao.
Mother’s Name	: Shamala.
Date of Birth		: 18/07/1990
Gender                        : Male.
Nationality		: Indian.
Language known	     :	English, Hindi, Kannada, Marathi and Telugu.
Present Address          : #1407 23rd cross Jayanagr 3rd block, Bangalore, Karnataka

Declaration:
I certify that all the information I furnish herein is factually correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and accept that it is subject to verification by the organization.

Bangalore                                                                                                                          Mukesh
