















































RESUME 

 

   AKASH TYAGI 

 
 

 

 

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Qualification Year University/ Board Percentage of 

marks 

CGPA Out  

Of 10 

 

S.S.C 

 

2009 

SSC 

(Atomic Energy 

Central School,  

Board-CBSE) 

        

        60.6% 

            

           - 

 

H.S.C 

 

2011 

HSC 

(Atomic Energy 

Central School,  

Board-CBSE) 

 

63.4% 

           

           - 

 

BE(Electrical) 

 

2016 

          GTU 

(Babaria Institute Of 

Technology,Vadodara) 

 

- 

 

6.4 

 

 

 

Title:   “Intelligent and efficient street light using wireless technology GSM”. 
 
Purpose: Street light consumes large amount of energy in cities. An intelligent street light 
management system based on led lamp and wireless technology can be designed and install 
in the cities . The system can detect vechile and vary the intensity of led lamp. 
 
 

 

 Gujarat Technology University had given certificate to my project which was 
Intelligent and efficient street light using wireless technology GSM.  
 

 TSL Consulting Pvt. Ltd. had given the performer of month Certificate from 
last Continuous Four month which are March, April, May and June along with 
incentive check every month and they have also provided me Consistent 
performer Certificate . 

  
 
  

Objective:   

To work with growing companies and utilize analytical as well as reasoning skill for 

organization development to achieve goal and also apply them practically in an environment 

which will give opportunity to learn and grow professionally. 

Projects:  

Certificate:  

E-mail: akashtyagi.tyagi30@gmail.com 

Mobile No.:9409524181 / 7984214482 
 

Address:  D-20/3 Post of 
Anumala , via-Vyara , Dist-Tapi ,  

State-Gujarat , Pin-394651  

 

 

 



 
1) I have around 1 month internship experience as a electrical engineer in nuclear 

power plant. 
 

2) I am having experience of 9 Month in Seed Infotech Ltd   from 28 July 2016 to 18 
April 2017  . 

  
3) Now I am working in TSL Consulting Pvt. Ltd. as a Senior Business 

development Specialist from 23 April 2017 to till now. 
 
 
 
 
   

   
 

 

 

I hereby declare that all the information furnished by me is true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief.                                                                    

 

 EXPERIENCE: 2.2 Years  

Personal Information :   

Father’s Name Satish Chandra Tyagi 

Mother’s Name Kusum Tyagi 

DOB 18th April  1993 

Gender Male 

Languages  Known English, Hindi 

Marital Status Single 

Hobbies Watching Hollywood TV serials, listening music and playing 

Table Tennis 

Strengths 
Enthusiastic, Hard Work, Positive thinker, Team player, self 

starter & good in learning new technology fast 

  

Weakness I am very workaholic person as  for me only work is important 

Sales And Marketing Lead Generation for Hardware and software, Qualifying 

Lead, Making good relationship with client, Nurturing Lead, 

maintaining progress report, creating weekly and monthly 

plan , tacking billing target of team.   

Knowledge of technologies  Hyper Converge Technology, Backup solution , Video 

Conference solution   



Place: Pune 

Akash Tyagi 


