

























 ANJALI NAUTIYAL 
Anjaliearth03@gmail.com​                                                                                                    Gurgaon 

+ (91) 9899957608 

  

Career Objective  
To secure a position in a technology driven organization that would lead me to              
contribute my skills and abilities in its development and to excel in this             
progressive software/analytic environment to my full potential.  

Career Summary  

  
Total Experience of 1. 9 years in SAS.  
  
Around 1.9 Years of Industrial experience as a ​Analyst ​with ​GlobalLogic 
technology Pvt. Ltd, Gurugram, Haryana.​. 
 
Performing the tasks of designing and developing project-specific SAS         
programs like producing analysis data sets and reports.  
Having experience of working on several high priority issues, monitoring end           
to end reports and preparation of daily and monthly reports using ​SAS and             
Tableau. 

Strong leadership, problem-solving, planning, team-building and project       
management skills. 

Roles and 
Responsibilities  

  
● Experience on ​Base SAS, SAS/ODS, SAS/SQL. 
● Coding, Reporting ​and​ Data Management​ using ​SAS. 
● Analysis, sanity checking, validating ​and manipulating complex data        

using ​DATA-step Programming, SAS Procedures, SAS Functions. 
● Working in diverse facets of IT such as ​Analysis, Design & Planning, 

Requirements Gathering, Analysis of Business Requirement 
document. 

● Experience in ​creating, extracting ​and manipulating data set​s from         
various sources like Excel, flat files, using ​SAS​ Tool. 

● Producing customized reports for Performance Optimization. 
Sending reports to output destinations using ​ODS statements.  

● Beginner on ​Tableau Desktop versions 7/8.2​, Tableau Reader and 
Tableau Server. 

 
  

Core Skills  

  
Skills​                         :        SAS/BASE, SAS/SQL, SAS/ODS 
SAS Tools​                :         SAS 9.2, SAS 9.3, SAS 9.4, SAS Enterprise Guide.  
Tableau Tool ​           :         ​Tableau Desktop versions 7/8.2 
Database and tools​ :         DB2, SQL Server  
  



          Project Summary  

  

Organization: 
GlobalLogic 
Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 
  
  
  
  
Platforms & tools: Base 
SAS/SAS SQL 
  
  
Team Size: 10 

Project Name:  
Product Identity  
  
  
Project description: 
Product Identity ​(Sales Domain) applies Product based technology to help you           
find and research products from online stores across the web and then points             
you directly where you can buy them. Analyze the data to understand specific             
measures to increase Business Performance by conducting Statistical analysis         
over data and providing analysis report to the client. 
  
Responsibilities: 

● Flat files are imported into SAS. 
● Cleaning the data and making it ready for analysis. 
● Analyzing the data and reshaping it to extract meaningful information. 
● Visualizing the processed data and interpreting the end results in 

Tableau. 
● Presenting Highlights and Lowlights in the task done. 
● Discussing further actionable insights to improve the workflow of the 

process and to meet the client’s needs within the given timeline and 
with optimum quality. 

●  Developed various forms of outputs like RTF, HTML, PDF file  using 
SAS ODS facility. 

●  Configuration for complex and urgent deliverables. 
 

 
Personal Summary  

Qualification 

 
B.Tech                      CSE             Uttrakhand Technical University     2011-15 
Intermediate              PCM            SVM Dehradun                               2010-11 
High School               Science       SVM Dehradun                               2008-09 

 
 

 Achievements 

Global Logic 
Technologies Ltd 

• Recognized as “Out of the Box thinking” from client  
• Best Performer in project named Product Identity . 
•  Awarded with Rising Star Award in month of May 2017 and Nov 

2017  for displaying exemplary performance. 
• Awarded with Gold award to whole team for excellent effort 

throughout the year. 
• Part of extra work & task training sessions. 



DBIT (B.tech) 
• Part of cultural event “PINAK” in 2011. 
• Volunteer  in Cyborg Gaming Championship. 

  

 

                            Hobbies 

 

 
● Traveling 
● Listening Music 

 

 

 Personal Information 

Name 
Address 
Mobile 
Email ID 

Anjali Nautiyal 
Gurugram 
+91-989995608 
anjaliearth03@gmail.com  

 
 
Declaration: 
  

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and                   
belief. 
 
Anjali Nautiyal 


