
















Darshana Yeolekar






Darshana D. Yeolekar

Phone: 8087598992/7972703726.	Email: nayna1389@gmail.com

Career Objective: Looking for a position that will build my skill and provide me ample scope for the growth and contribute to the organizational goals by
Effectively using the conceptual skills and knowledge through my experience.


Educational Qualification:

	Completed Graduation in Commerce from K.T.H.M College during the period 2007 –

2010, with an aggregate of 71%
	Completed 12th Standard at K.T.H M. College during the year 2007, with an aggregate of

70%.
	Completed 10th Standard at Sharda High School during the year 2005, with an aggregate

of 70.13%.
	Post Graduate Course in MP-MBA (IGNOU Institute of Pune, KTHM collage Nasik with

an aggregate of 60%.

Professional Synopsis:

Infosys (BPM)Ltd. - 24/2 Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, Phase 2, Hinjewadi, Pune –
411057.

From Aug 2016 – Present.

Designation: Sr. Accountant (3A) Finance & Accounts.

 Worked with Expense Management (West) and dealing with customer credit cards expenses.



Job Profile:

	All kind of Expense report processed. (Credit card, Out of pocket, manual Coding

Reports etc.)
	Major part of Gl Clearing, GL reconciliation, Accrual processing and Recon. , ANZ bank

& BAML statement downloading and uploading.
	New Fraedom (spend vision) activities of expenses handled.
	Dealing with the credit card and maintain the register for the same.
	Clearing of Non policy, Cash advances and disputed transaction raising the dispute

with the bank.
	Monthly recon. Daily and monthly reports preparation.
	Daily service desk calls and queries handled through OEMS & RTTMS tool.

Job Responsibilities:

	Review all details for appropriate documentation of report and approval prior to

payment.
	All monthly report should go to client on timely basis and as per SLA
	Assist in month end closing.
	Ensure all related entries are properly booked and analyzed timely.
	PPT presentation and SOP preparation.


2.   LIFE  INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA - LIFE PLUS (Nasik)

From March 13, 2014 –  May 18, 2016. 

Designation: Co-Ordinator at LIC’s Life Plus office (Team Size -12)

Job Profile:

Sr. No.
Reports/Activities
1
Daily Status of LIC Policy, Reports and Planning of work.
2
To get follow up and keep track of each case of LIC policy.
3
Communicating with clients and explaining them the merits of Insurance Policies to promote the sales of insurance plans.
4
Following up the old clients and renew or suggest them the new Policies according to their requirement and budget.
5
Provide solutions to the client of any risk situation and offer them appropriate risk management.
6
Supervise the renewal process for existing clients.
7
Meeting the company goals and assisting the team.
8
Responsible for calculating premiums and payment method of Insurance plans.
9
Responsible for developing long term relationship with existing and seeks out new clients.
10
Manage the team member and motivate them to achieve the sales target and to increase the sales volume.
11
Provide quotations for new and renewals business.
12
Policy approvals
13
Meeting clients to solve their queries & brokers for better understanding and services.
14
Visit to Chartered Accountant office for updating the Balance sheet of clients and to check the financial statement of business.
15
To maintain a Strong, Long and Exceptional Relationship with Client.


Additional activities and Qualities to improve the Business.

Sr. No.
Automation/Other Activities
1
Achievement of Team bounding.
2
Ability to suggest convenient product to client according to their need and budget.
3
Excellent selling and explanation skills.
4
Audit for day to day work assigned to team.
5
Providing process training to new joiners.
6
Check List prepared for all the activities to avoid the misshape of any task.
7
Brainstorming Fun Activities, Events and potlucks arrangement in Team.

8
Understanding the level of knowledge of the team and providing adequate training to fill the gap.
9
Learnt Business Ethics, honesty, Passion.

IBM India- Business Process Services Pvt. Limited, (Bangalore)

From Feb 2013 – Dec 2013.

Designation: Sr. Executive Finance & Accounts.
Accounts Payable activities handled
Job Profile:
	SAP ERP.
	Invoice processing - PO, Non PO, Hot/Rush, Prepaid vendors and vendor

Reconciliations – Average (150-180/day).
	Email handling – Client and Internal.
	T & E processing – Manual processing.
	E- Payables manager.
	Preparing and Submission of weekly reports to Team Lead and to the team on

the daily production.
	Resolving query resolution to the team.
	Handling Check Audit and preparing check pull logs.

Handling Concur (Expenses Audit).
	Training practitioners who is on-boarded to the team.

Job Responsibilities:

	Review all invoices for appropriate documentation and approval prior to

payment.
	Process 2&3 way P.O. matching invoices.
	Process check requests, Po, Non Po, Hot Invoices, Vendor charge back, Debit

Credit memo, Utility Bills.
	Assist in month end closing.
	Pays invoices by verifying invoice coding (GL Codes); verifying transactions.
	Ensure all related entries are properly booked and analyzed timely.
	Preparing utilization dashboard and training employees.
	Worked on Feedback Queue, Response Queue.
	Special handling Process- (Overnight, attachment, Intercompany Processing etc...)


DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES (Nasik) From July 2010 – 31 Jan. 2013

Designation: Executive Finance & Accounts.

Team: Accounts Payable

Job Profile:

	SAP ERP
	Oracle- (To check the Vendor/Employee’s status)
	QAD (Quality Application Device)

Vendor Maintenance.
	Customer Support.
	E- Payables manager.
	Client co-ordination via emails.
	Preparing team shift schedule.
	Preparing MIS reports.
	Preparing SQC reports.
	Preparing Weekly reports.
	Query Solving of team.
Handling Check Audit.
	TBP (To be Printed= convert the Emails or word files into Tiff.)
	Training the New Associates.

ACHIEVEMENTS:

	DGSL Certification of “Spot Award”.
	Managing a Huge Volume effectively.
	Good Team Work.
	Training given to IBM Team members related to Pearson Project. (Duration for one

month).
	“PEP Achiever” in TRW Automobile Project.
	Certification of “Thank you” award from IBM client.
	Infosys Certification of “Excellence Award”.


Competencies:

	Good written communication skill/Email Communication.
	Good team player.
	Organized and well-structured at work.
	Independent and self-motivated.

Committed to deadlines and schedules.
	Keen interest on Additional activities, responsibilities & challenges.
	Ability to perform well under pressure.

Personal Information:

Date of Birth:	13th October, 1989.
Father’s Name:	Mr. Deepak V.Yeolekar.
Language Known:	English, Hindi, Marathi.
Nationality:	Indian.



I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and believe that you will give opportunity to do the best.



Date:	Thanks and Regards,

Place:  Pune.	(Darshana Deepak Yeolekar)

