














































MEETU GARG 

Email:meetu.garg24@gmail.com 

Contact: 9599918218 

 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 

3.6 years of overall experience in Data Analytics and SAS Programming. Seeking new opportunities to leverage my 

technical and professional expertise.  

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

 Company Name: Wipro formally known as Alight Solutions.   

 Designation: Working as an Analyst Programmer. 

 Duration: May 1st, 2015 to Current. 

 
PROFILE SUMMARY: 

 Working predominantly in SAS Programming, Data Analysis and Reporting  in HR Data Management.  
 Good Optimization skills to increase efficiency in SAS/SQL 
 Have sound knowledge and skills in manipulating data using BASE SAS and various procs in Z/OS 

environment. 

 Good understanding of PROCs and MACROs and the ability to implement in the higher level projects.  
 Handling SAS projects (starting from analysis to implementation) and debugging the 

Ongoing SAS code errors, if encountered. 

 Working with Client team for Electronic File Transfers of data analyzed through SAS Codes. 
 Training and Coaching new hires. 
 Handling Ongoing Production Support. 

 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

 Programming Language :  Mainframe SAS ,JCL 
 Query Language             :  DB2 SQL  
 Tools                           :  TSO-ISPF, Smart File, Endeavor, Workbench, Control-M, IBM Utilities,  

                                             Lotus Notes                                                          

                                           

PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: 

1) Setup an Outbound Interface With SAS 
 

Client: Dell  

Objective: To Create an Outbound interface to send a Specific File on a Specific Day of every Week from Alight 
to the client (Dell). 

 

Description: Implemented this by Coding a Batch Job in SAS. We were given a set of 
requirements by the Client and we needed to first analyze those requirements so as to check the feasibility and once 

the Technical Specifications of the requirements were finalized, I had to code the Entire requirements through SAS.  

 

The code demanded an extensive use of Macros and different SAS functions .As the requirements demanded 

specified type of format for some of the fields the Participant and their Dependents so different functions were used 

to write out the data in given format and also used Array to write the repetitive historic data  

 

 

mailto:meetu.garg24@gmail.com


2) Query Optimization  
 

Client: Dell 

Objective: Reviewing the Queries/SAS that have taken longer CPU time and taking appropriate actions in order to 

reduce the CPU time. 

Description: We found a long-running report generating Query which had several left joins and sub selects where 
fine-tuning a query wouldn't be fruitful. 

I've converted the Query into a SAS and have fine-tuned it, which yielded an effective utilization of CPU time by 

reducing it to 2% of actual time consumed (saved 98% of CPU Time). 

  

3) HR Project Implementation  
 

Client: Dell 

Objective: Configure and code the jobs based on the analysis provided from client side, and implementing an 

ongoing process to load the files received from the client  

Description: To maintain and load client’s employee, dependent and coverage data to Alight Solutions system, 

provided statistical reports and other related information’s to the client via E-mail or EFT. 

In order to perform all these activities on a huge population, batch jobs that run on MVS operating systems were made 

use of along with SAS programs for reporting purposes. 

Employees’ life insurance, coverage for employees & dependents, HR Client file processing, Payroll processing are 

some examples of the kind of information involved in this project 

 

Other Projects 

 Handled Annual Enrollment for the client Deutsche Bank and Dell, which involved several months of 

processing and gathering the changing requirements on timely basis and working upon as needed.  

 Handled several one-time and ongoing report generation which involved critical deadlines and complex 

coding logics by adhering to SDLC methodology. 

 Handled a complex acquisition project from scratch which involved adding of new company codes, 

participants and their related data to an ongoing client. 

 Spring Cleaning. 

 Year End Projects. 

  

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS: 

B.Tech/BE -2011-15(6.68) - Computer Science from Mody University of Science and Technology, Lakshmangarh. 

Class 12th - 2011 (68.60%) - Sanskar International Academy, Hanumangarh Jn. (Rajasthan)  

Class 10th -2009(87.80%) - National Public Sr. Sec School, Hanumangarh Jn. (Rajasthan) 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Date of Birth: 24-06-1993 

Address: Gupta Agro Service, 8, new grain market, Hanumangarh Jn. (Rajasthan), Pin Code: 335512 

DECLARATION: 

I hereby declare that all the particulars stated above are true to the best of my knowledge.  

Meetu Garg 


