















































 

Amita Suryavanshi 
 

 

Email:amita06surya@gmail.com                                    Phone: (M) +91-8105706760 
 
 

In pursuit of challenging and stimulating assignments in HR arena to fully utilize my skills & experience for the 
fulfillment of organizational goals and to reach higher echelons  

 

 
 A value driven and result oriented Human Resource Management professional offering around 4.7 years of experience 

in handling end-to-end HR processes including HR Operations, Audits, Full & Final settlement, Payroll, On-boarding, Exit 
Management, Training & Event Coordination. 

 Rich experience working on SAP with IT companies like Wipro, Accenture and Huawei Technologies. 
 Demonstrated high performance standards with astute attention to detail and deadlines.  
 Strong communication and collaboration skills to work in concert with diverse groups effectively. 

 

CAREER RELATED SKILLS  

 
 HR Operations 
 On-boarding Management 
 Vendor Management 
 Exit Management 

 

 Training Coordination 
 Negotiation Skills 
 Event Coordination 
 Audits

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
 Worked as Senior Executive with Huawei Technologies (Deputed by IKYA) from May 2016 - Oct 2017. 
 Worked as Senior Process Associate with Accenture for client (Anheuser-Busch Inbev) from Sept 2015 - April 2016. 
 Worked with Wipro Technologies from April 2013 - Sept 2015. 

 

PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND  

 

Huawei Technologies India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore                                                                                      (May 2016 - Oct 2017) 
 
Key Responsibilities:  
 
HR Operations 

 On-boarding Process 
 Exit Management 
 Travel & Reimbursement Management 
 ID card Management 
 Ensure documentation accuracy and exactness before the candidate is on-boarded 
 Conduct Induction for the new Recruits 
 Responsible for processing Relocation Bonus, Joining Bonus & Referral Bonus 
 Initiate Background Verification for new Hires & existing Employees based on project requirement 
 Responsible for various Payroll Inputs 
 Coordinated with the Third party Vendor for Offer Generation for Contract Hires 

 
On-boarding Process 
 

 Experience in End to End On-boarding process for both Regular and Contract employees. 
 Experience in co-ordinating with recruiters, vendor and central HRSSC team for smooth functioning and development of 

on-boarding process. 
 Update the stakeholders on on-boarding progress. 

 
Travel & Reimbursement Process 
 

 Experience in End to End Travel & Reimbursement, Air Tickets, Travel Insurance and Visa process. 
 Checking and auditing the bills provided and amount claimed. 
 Raising the Purchase Order for payment to vendor and employees. 
 Coordinating with vendor and finance department for funds allocation. 



Exit Formalities 
 

 Experience in handling End to End Exit Management. 
 Exit interviews, confirming the LWD, No due from all the support function, generating relieving and Experience letters, 

and sharing input for processing FFS. 
 Communicating Employees regarding their FFS & Service/Experience Letter collection. 
 Point of contact for FFS Related Queries. 

 
Payroll Management 
 

 Sharing the payroll Inputs for payroll processing as per payroll calendar. 
 Verification of the payroll inputs and confirming the final data. 
 Payroll inputs include FFS, Joining bonus, salary stop payment and CTC details for new joiners. 

 
Audits/Compliance Testing 

 Responsible for Audit of On-boarding Reports. 
 Verification of the payroll inputs and confirming the final data. 
 Conducting internal process audits & process reviews for ensuring strict adherence to the process parameters/systems 

per defined guidelines.  
 Perform Process Compliance testing on Monthly & Semi Annually. 

 
HR Letters 
 

 Generating Employment letters, Skill set Letters for Visa Process & Higher Studies, Address Letters and Warning letters 

based on requirement. 

Training Coordination 
 

 Coordinating with Business Line, Learning & Development Team in enabling certification Program for Interviewers. 
 Coordinate with External Vendors for conducting Trainings & Workshops. 

 
Event Coordination/Employee Engagement 
 

 Involved in planning, execution of events such as Annual Day, HTIPL Run, New Campus recruits and Family day at 
organizational level. 

 Organizing Monthly Birthday Celebrations within the team. 
 
 

Accenture Pvt Ltd, Bangalore                               (Sept 2015 - April 2016) 
 
Key Responsibilities: 
 
HR Operations (Master data Management) 
 

 Performing all the below HR processes in SAP for all the levels of employees: 
 Hiring & Re-hiring Management 
 Prolongation & Termination 
 Suspension Management 
 Personal Data Change Management 
 Internal Data Change Management 
 Promotion and Extension of contract 
 Pension and Pre-pension Management 
 Maternity/Paternity Management 
 Educational/Syndical trainings management 

 Registering sickness and Part time sickness of employees in SAP. 
 Updating the time file in SAP as per depots filled by the supervisor. 
 Clarifying the employee’s queries through emails or glass portal. 
 Effectively handling twice blue collar and once white collar payroll closing in a month. 
 Preparing monthly reports from SAP and maintaining various trackers like illness with and without certificate, 

maternity, paternity and part time illness. 
 Maintaining exiting employee’s database with relevant documents. 



Wipro Technologies, Bangalore                                                                                                             (Apr 2013 – Sept 2015) 
 
Key Responsibilities: 

 
 Computing the final settlement amount for the cases allocated, initiating the final settlement process and sending the 

report to the finance team advising them to release the payment for the payable cases.  
 Timely follow up with location clearing agents of exit employees No Due Clearance. 
 Updating FS working of WT & WBPO employees in SAP 3 working days prior to last working day. 
 Checking the pay slips, calculating leave balance, notice days, gratuity and the no of days to be payable/recoverable by 

exit employees. 
 Booking the cost of employees in SAP. 
 Advising for payout and to issue Relieving letter. 
 Sending recovery reminders & accounting the recovery amount in SAP. 
 Giving clarification to employees with reference to the workings, WBP calculation, LOP calculation, Negative Salary, 

Salary component paid, Gratuity, Service Compensation and Leave encashment paid. 
 Handling mails and resolving queries related to final settlement calculations. 
 Relieving employees at the counter with relieving and experience letter. 
 Maintaining consolidated tracker for counter relieving and sharing the same on daily basis with letters team. 
 Clarifying WBP and sharing excel calculation to employees and settlements team. 
 Giving clarification on offshore leave encashment, gratuity and service compensation. 
 Coordinating with the clearance agent to get the No Due Clearance for the exit employee on the Last Working Day. 
 Handling queries from employees through mails and calls for Relieving, Experience letters and Testimonials. 
 Sharing letters tracker to be dispatched with dispatch team on daily basis. 
 Ensure that experience letters shared by employee is approved by TED as well as Manager and checking on the reason 

for leaving. 
 Preparing monthly and quarterly reports and dashboard from SAP. 
 Maintaining exiting employee’s database with relevant documents. 
 Handling Exit interviews, coordinating pre & post-resignation formalities & clearances. 
 Knowledge Transfer to new hires. 

 

ACADEMIA  

 
 MBA (HR) from Jain College of Management & Engineering/VTU with 69%  
 BBA (Finance) from P.A Jain Bharatesh College of Business Administration/KUD with 80% 

 

SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY 

 
 Working Knowledge of SAP 
 Understanding of functioning of various in-house developed Workflow applications, Controls structures 
 Proficiency in using MS Office  

 

AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS  

 
 Received Award as “Star New Comer” in Huawei Technologies. 
 Achieved 3rd rank in Human Resource in MBA 4th semester. 
 Achieved 3rd rank for “Aggregate Academic Performance in 2007-2010” at Bharatesh College of Business 

Administration.   
 Bagged 1st place in Management Anecdotes Paper Presentation competition “ODYSSEY-2011”.  

 

PERSONAL MINUTIAE  

 
 Date of Birth  :   06/04/1990 
 Marital Status        :   Married 
 Hobbies                  :   Travelling, browsing, cooking and drawing 
 Languages Known :   English, Hindi, Marathi & Kannada 

 

DECLARATION 

 
I do hereby declare that all the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
Date:            Amita Suryavanshi 


