

















































            Rajeev Ranjan             

                        Data Analyst
                       (H-Block 36/27, DLF Phase 1, Gurgaon, 122004) | DOB-25/02/1993 



cs.er.rajeev.ranjan@gmail.com


+91-8826223171


Gurgaon, India

Data oriented decision making analyst and researcher having 3 years’ of experience in Data Science,    machine learning, Data Visualization, ETL development and Statistics. Passionate about learning new technologies and utilizing analytical skills in problem solving and providing business solutions. 



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE


Data Analyst

Wipro Limited                                      Mar17-Sep18

· Experience in analyzing large dataset by applying Machine learning algorithm such as Linear Regression, Multiple regression, Logistic Regression, PCA using Python to predict model.
· Worked closely with data science team to perform data preprocessing task, hypothesis testing, cluster analysis, dimensionality reduction techniques and NLP. 
· Designed visualization tools for the purpose of supporting operations, maintenance and technical services department’s day to day basic functionalities. 
· Created interactive dashboards and various key metrics to keep track of business on weekly and monthly basis using Tableau Desktop.  
· Data mining, Data cleaning, ETL(Extract-Transform-Load) development, Data Modeling, Evaluating the existing model, making changes according to changing data trends are day to day task performed to help business to make data driven decisions.


Data Analyst |SQL Developer
Wipro Technologies                                    Oct15-Mar17

· Experienced in developing SQL queries perform join, view, and stored procedures. Created Ad-hoc SQL complex queries to analyze data and provided reporting and intelligence to the business.
·  Worked collaborating with other team to collect business requirements and accordingly done BDA to check    correctness of it using SQL, Oracle, pgAdmin 4, Excel and Tableau.
· Speeded up the data manipulation and extraction, writing the SQL queries to produce desired data, tuning the SQL performance and doing validations.
· Worked in various data migration projects and achieved the goals as a team. Designed databases and ensured their stability, reliability, and performance.


          


                  SKILLS


	Data Science
	SQL 
	TaTableau

	Machine Learning
	
	Data Visualization

	ETL
	SSDT-BI
	
	SSIS  

	Python Programming
	
	Numpy | pandas

	MS Excel
	S  Seaborn|SkLearn
	          NLP

	Oracle
	Statistics and Data Analytics

	Regression
	Classification          
	
	 Clustering

	DBMS
	     Data Structure & Algorithm




Anaconda Navigator            Jupyter Notebook


    Statistical Modeling              Hypothesis Testing




Recent Projects


Cluster Analysis of Mall Customers (May18-Juny18): My role was to identify the hidden clusters of customer groups. Able to segregate underlying dataset into Standard, careful, Care less, sensible and Target clusters so that the mall could target their customer well.
 
Churn Modeling (Apr18-May18): My role was to perform data preprocessing, do feature selection and develop Regression model for predicting employee’s churning rate. 
                                                                                  
  Courses & Certification



· Data Science
· Machine Learning with Python
· Python for Data Science
· Tableau development
                                                                             
EDUCATION	Achievements


                                                                    
Bachelor of Technology in CSE

ITM University, Gwalior



Qualified GATE in 2015|2017|2018
Chancellor Fellowship Award (2011-12).

2011 – 2015 | 8.7 on scale of 10
