















































CURRICULUM   VITAE

To,

H.R. Manager,

Dear Sir/Madam,

Knowing as I do, that your esteemed organization is a yearning place for many successful professionals I am approaching you, Sir/Madam, with a fervent request to offer me an opportunity to serve in your high profile organization.

I am pleased to enclose my “Curriculum Vitae” which inter-alia highlights my professional and academic attainments. I am looking forward for an organization which can be benefited with my knowledge and skills if given the opportunity to prove so.

It is therefore, with a fond hope and expectation that I am approaching you for a positive and favorable response. Needless to mention I shall make earnest endeavours to come up with the expectation of the organization.
Thank you,

Yours truly,

Palak H. Pandit

                                                    Curriculum Vitae
Palak Harish Pandit

64, Jodhpur Park Society, Opp. Marriot Hotel, Satellite Road, Ahmedabad-380015.

Call: (+91) 8000291424
palakhpandit@gmail.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE:

· Seeking an appropriate position that will challenge and utilize my education, experience and knowledge for the growth of the organization and myself.


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:

1. Chartered Accountant (C.A.)
      Examinations




Years of Passing
Institute
           P.E.II




May 2006

ICAI

           P.E.I




Nov 2004

ICAI

     2. Master of Commerce (M.Com)

April 2008

R.J.T.C.C.
56%
     3. Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com)
           April 2006
           R.J.T.C.C.  
66%

     4. Higher Secondary Certificate (H.S.C.)
April 2003

GSEB

80%
EXPOSURE & EXPERIENCE:
· I am working with Writer Safeguards Pvt Ltd. As an Assistant Manager – Accounts since May, 2013. I have gained knowledge in the field of accounting, auditing, MIS, Weekly report preparation and taxation. I am handling team of Gujarat and Rajasthan.
· I have worked with Esquire Décor Pvt Ltd as senior accountant. I have gained knowledge in the field of accounting and taxation for one year.

· I have worked with M/S. Ankit Chokshi & Co., Chartered Accountants, Ahmedabad. I have     gained knowledge in the areas of Auditing, Taxation and Project Financing for one year.
ARTICLESHIP EXPOSURE:
·   I have completed my three years of Training with M/S. G.K. Choksi & Co., Chartered Accountants, Ahmedabad (11/08/2006 – 11/08/2009). I have gained knowledge and exposure in the following areas:
Auditing

· Preparation of Quarterly & Yearly Financial Statements as per schedule VI of the Companies Act, 1956 together with notes on accounts.
· Conducted audit of various Proprietorship, Partnership Firms, Trusts and Companies covering the vast fields of manufacturing, trading, real-estate developers and inspection of MCX.

· Conversion of final accounts from Indian Accounting Standard to USGAAP.
· Conducted audit up to the finalization of its accounts including the preparation of Financial Statements along with Auditor’s Report and Notes on accounts and verifying compliance with applicable accounting and auditing standards.

· Conducted Internal audit of Companies involving physical verification of cash and physical verification of stock on Quarterly Basis.

· Scrutiny and Reconciliation of General Ledger and Sub Ledgers.

· Scrutiny of Account payables like Creditors ledgers involving its proper classification into goods and expenses, monitoring payments, reviewing of old outstanding creditors ledger, verifying that advances to suppliers are as per norms agreed by the management.

·  Preparation of Tax Audit Report and all the annexure related to it keeping in view of the necessary compliance with the applicable accounting & auditing standards.

· Checking proper deduction and payment of statutory dues like TDS.
Taxation

· Preparation of Income Tax returns of salaried Employees, Partnership Firms and Companies.

· Filing of e-returns of Partnership Firms, Companies.

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY:
· Worked in Computerized environment all throughout.

· Working Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite.
· Working Knowledge of Accounting and Taxation programs like Tally, in house accounting software (Sun System) and Kitret.
· Familiarity of Internet.
PERSONAL INFORMATION:
· Date of Birth


:
29th January, 1986

· Father’s Name


:
Ajay Dave





· Language Known 

:
English, Gujarati, Hindi

· Professional Qualities
:
Hard Working, Confident, Reliable, Self-Motivated,




           Strong Determination, Creative 

· Hobbies


:
Fond of travelling, Listening music, Internet Surfing

REFERENCES:
· Mr. Anil Dobaria
     


                  

Sate Manager – Writer Safeguards Pvt. Ltd.
· Mr. Sushil Sancheti  


                  

CFO – Writer Safeguards Pvt. Ltd.
