Angela Morse-Vaughan
**** ******* *****
Virginia Beach, VA 23462
757-***-****
ad69pd@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Results-oriented and performance-driven professional with hands-on experience in leading all aspects of service coordination. Strategic leader with attention to detail, instrumental in developing and implementing effective solutions to enhance organizational productivity. Known for directing diverse teams, while providing training, leadership direction, and guidance. Excel at accomplishing projects from initial concept to completion, including scheduling, payroll management, and hiring/terminations. Adept at achieving high client satisfaction by coordinating with onsite staff to fulfill their requirements. Excellent communicator, fostering professional relationships with customers and staff.
EXPERIENCE
Event Staffing, Inc., Virginia Beach, VA - Operations Manager and Security Director
SEPTEMBER 2014 - PRESENT
● Lead and oversee all aspects of staff management, including hiring, training, and supervising teams, while supporting in the resolution of payroll and payroll issues. Share details of work with employees, including attire, hours, address, and other important information.
● Communicate with the Event Coordinator to determine and fulfill staffing requirements.
● Leveraged scheduling website to retrieve all personnel available to work during events.
● Collaborated with tour managers and head of security for talent to establish safety processes.
Advancing Eye Care, Norfolk, VA - Depot Service Manager and Service Coordinator Manager
NOVEMBER 2001 - JANUARY 2024
● Managed key aspects of financial management, including accurate processing of billing for field technicians. Generate estimates for field repairs, depot, and vendor repairs for approval, as well as equipment relocations and installation. Follow up with customers on payment information or purchase orders.
● Responded to customer phone calls, emails, and website inquiries.
● Ensured onsite service repairs and installations by collaborating with field technicians, facilities, and site managers.
● Arranged logistics such as hotels, flights, security clearance, and site prerequisites for field technicians working out of town.
● Delivered detailed service reports to monitor trends in support performance and quality by managing incoming service calls of customers.
● Served as a key liaison to offer support in sales and service for corporate accounts, including Walmart Optical, My Eye Dr, and Luxottica. s
● Coordinated installations, service calls, depot repairs, and loaners with corporate accounts.
● Served as a point of contact for customer complaints, and worked on resolutions for all service-related issues.
EDUCATION
Coastline Community College, Fountain Valley, VA - Sociology and Gerontology
Mount Ida College, Newton, MA - Associates in Social Science SKILLS
● Proficient with Microsoft Office, SAP, ServiceMax, SalesForce, and SAP
● Strong attention to detail and accuracy.
● Provide excellent customer service.
● Good problem-solving, and decision-making skills. VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Ombudsman for USS Porter
● Served as liaison between command and family members, while sailors were not in port.
● Distribution of information from the CO, XO, and Master Chief to families, and loved ones, while lines of communication were down.
● Supported Family Readiness Groups
● Provided military families with resources when they were in need. Such as housing, daycare, and counseling.
Contact this candidate