MARK A. GIORGI
ad706t@r.postjobfree.com 205-***-****
Vestavia Hills, AL 35216 LinkedIn Profile

SENIOR SALES & MARKETING LEADER
Combining entrepreneurial drive with strong business sales skills to increase
revenue and grow market share.

Dynamic and hands-on sales manager with extensive experience creating and executing sales and marketing strategies that grow revenue while increasing brand awareness in the marketplace. Expertise in the food and beverage industry with past high-profile clients and partners including Budweiser, Guinness, and Costco.

An approachable leader skilled at guiding, training, coaching and mentoring employees to reach personal and organizational goals. Builds strategic partnerships with stakeholders, clients and vendors and collaborates cross-functionally to align capabilities and business priorities.

Regularly featured and sought-after local television and YouTube personality. Cooking segments and appearances give viewers inspiration for creative cooking ideas for holidays and special occasions. Developing such creative marketing strategies has helped grow business opportunities and brand recognition.

Business Development
Key Account Management
High Growth Strategies
Strategic Planning
Contract Negotiations
Operations Management
Sales Team Leadership & Training
Sales Presentations

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
ANN’S ALL AROUND TOWN CATERING Birmingham, AL. 2008 – Present
Owner
Leads and manages all aspects of business operations for catering business in the Birmingham area. Employs a team of twelve (12) employees. Performs industry research, investigation, and competitive analysis to evaluate business operations and implements processes and tools to improve efficiency and drive cost savings. Drives organizational strategy by educating clients, customers, and the employees on the mission and vision.
Grew revenue by over 50% within 4 years by expanding and diversifying the business model to include additional events and offering new menu items.
Transformed perception of the business by leveraging media connections and utilizing social media communication strategies to restore trust from the community. Successful transformation is evidenced through multiple upbeat, positive recurring appearances on WBRC Fox 6 News outlet.
Successfully led the business and team through the COVID-19 pandemic by offering increased safety standards and cleanliness guarantees.
Identified and developed partnership with Shari’s Berries to become a supplier for their Alabama fulfillment center resulting in additional revenue streams for the business.

B&A WAREHOUSE Birmingham, AL. 2006 - 2008
Sales & Events Manager
Managed all events and sales for a prominent multi-facility event space and catering provider in the Birmingham area. Functioned as main point of contact for clients, customers, and service providers in all aspects of management and business operations. Responsible for ensuring proper levels of inventory to minimize waste and control food costs.
Grew profit margin by $50,000 through implementing best practice processes and streamlined procedures for all positions and operational functions.
Assisted with revenue growth to achieve $1 million goal set by owners in a 2-year period.
Identified and developed deep relationships with key food providers and renegotiated contracts to ensure the best competitive pricing was given.
Designed custom menus for customers to deliver successful and memorable event experiences.

PERFORMANCE FOODSERVICE (previously MERCHANT’S FOODSERVICE) Clanton, AL. 2005 - 2006
Sales Manager
Acted as a sales manager for a $30 billion foodservice distribution company that offers over 200,000 products to more than 125,000 customers. Provided ongoing consultation on daily operations along with strategic guidance on marketing techniques.
Successfully rolled out new products and menu options ideas for client events and foodservice sales convention displays.
Grew territory sales revenue from $9,000 per week to approximately $30,000 per week within a four-month period by enhancing product offerings.

SYSCO FOOD SERVICES San Francisco & Central Alabama regions 1999 - 2005
Outside Sales Consultant
Promoted products and services for global leader in selling, marketing, and distributing food products to restaurants, healthcare centers and educational facilities with revenue over $68 billion. Enabled success for Sysco customers while achieving sales and profit goals established by the company.
Developed new business and expanded sales to existing customers to achieve profitable sales.
Added value to customers by providing training and education on how to run their food-based businesses (including menu management, food cost proficiency, product knowledge, etc.)
Enhanced sales opportunities by promoting new products at trade shows and in the marketplace.
Recommended products to customers by staying current on market trends and remaining aligned with their needs and goals.

MONTEREY MARKETING San Francisco, CA. 2001 - 2003
Sales Manager – East Coast Territory, Part-Time
Promoted products for a direct sales organization providing professional door-to-door selling & event promotion services. Oversaw a team of 25 employees within the East Coast sales territory that stretched from New York to Florida. Managed all sales hiring and training within the organization.
Coached sales representatives on generating new clients, client engagement, and client retention.
Successfully trained staff members on creating and developing strategies and best practices resulting in each salesperson growing his/her book of business and increasing commissions earned.
Managed key relationship with Costco and coordinated events and trade shows within their districts.

MATAGRANO INC. San Francisco, CA 1992 - 1999
Sales Consultant
Acted as a key salesperson for a major importer and distributor of domestic and craft beer, specifically Budweiser and Guinness in the US. Developed new accounts and maintained key accounts in San Francisco territory including Safeway, Albertsons, and QFI. Creatively found ways to promote new products and cross-sell merchandise with food pairings and tasting opportunities.
Consistently increased beverage sales each year by ~12%.
Achieved sales excellence standards by exceeding $2.5 million per year in sales.
Multiple-time recipient of the Salesperson of the Month award designation.
Named Salesperson of the Year, 1994 – 1996.

EDUCATION

COLLEGE OF SAN MATEO, San Mateo, California
Bachelor of Marketing & Sales

MEDIA & PUBLICATIONS

All Around Town Catering YouTube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/@allaroundtowncatering3212

All Around Town Catering Website & Media
https://allaroundtowncatering.com/
Contact this candidate