Dwayne T. Purdie
**** ************ *****
Greensboro, NC 27410

ad70vu@r.postjobfree.com
336-***-****

Provide Leadership, Improve Profitability, Efficiency, Provide Expertise

Providing strong leadership and facility management skills that increases a company’s efficiency in operations and business continuity. Builds strong cohesive teams that improve a company’s proficiency and profitability while consistently obtaining established goals. Promotes a culture that enhances and increases employee satisfaction and work ethic while building solid relationships with peers, subordinates and executive management.

Major strengths include:

Leadership Team Building Advanced Problem Solving/Analytical Skills Multi-tasking

Excellent Verbal/Non-verbal Communication Skills Design & Process Documentation

Process Improvement Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Training Project Management

Technical Skills

Microsoft Office Suite WMS- SAP R/3, RIMS, Red Prairie WCS- Fortna, Wynsoft

Professional Experience

Gildan – Eden Distribution Center Eden, NC

Operations Manager June 2015 - Present
Provides governance and management oversight in all areas of a 1.2 million square feet activewear apparel distribution facility that operates as a Foreign Trade Zone (FTZ). Manages the day to day operations, maintenance, facility personnel and all facility project upgrades. Provides sound guidance and recommendations to the Director and Vice President of Distribution in all areas of the operation to ensure established goals are achieved.

Direct Supervision of 19 salaried managers and supervisors providing leadership, team building concepts, coaching, and mentoring while establishing the goals/metrics that require a cohesive team effort to achieve. Indirectly responsible for over 500+ hourly employees.
Manages the daily operation, maintenance, and production scheduling for all distribution services including but not limited to receiving, storage, shipping, inventory management, labor management, returns processing, import & export customs compliance, budget development, cost tracking, and personnel administrative activities.
Provides governance and develops, improves all policies and procedures of the facility to ensure operations are streamlined and efficient.
Leads and oversees the coordination of efforts between the Assistant Operations Manager and the Manager of Customer Service & Compliance Manager who are the key liaisons between the distribution center, the corporate customer service team, DC Logistics team, and transportation providers.
Assumes the duties of Director of Distribution in their absence, to include leading the Printwear Distribution Sr Management Team.
Oversees the safety compliance program for state and federal OSHA regulations concerning warehousing & distribution. Ensuring that all regulations/standards are understood and adhered to by all facility personnel. In 2019 received 8th consecutive NCDOL Gold Standard Award and received special recognition for achieving two million safe work hours without LTA.

Gildan – Eden Distribution Center Eden, NC

Assistant Operations Manager June 2012 – June 2015
Assisted the Operations manager with governance and management oversight in all areas of a 900 thousand square feet activewear apparel manufacturing facility. Assisted with the management of day to day operations, maintenance, facility personnel and all facility project upgrades. Provides sound guidance and recommendations to the Operations Manager in all areas of operations to ensure the established goals are achieved.

Supervised 16 salaried managers and supervisors providing leadership, team building concepts, coaching, and mentoring. Ensured goals/metrics established by Operations Manager were achieved by the team. Indirectly responsible for 300+ hourly employees.
Developed and implemented a cost saving project that resulted in a $68,000 annual savings increasing cube utilization on automated shipments.
Assisted Operations manager with the management of daily operations, maintenance, and production scheduling for all distribution services including but not limited to receiving, storage, shipping, inventory management, returns processing, and personnel administrative activities.
Assisted Operations manager with governance and assists in the development and improvement regarding all policies and procedures of the facility to ensure operations are streamlined and efficient while meeting established guidelines and production goals/metrics.
Key liaison between the distribution center, the corporate customer service team, DC Logistics team, and transportation providers.
Assumed the duties of Operations Manager in their absence and provided subject matter expertise and recommendations to the Operations manager in all areas of facility operations.
Improved shipping accuracy from 80% to 99% by streamlining processes and procedures and was the key in the development of SOP’s for the new sorter system that was implemented.
Improved overall safety awareness by providing new safety courses and training to employees resulting in a reduction of reportable accidents by 90%. Ensured compliance of all state and federal OSHA regulations/standards were adhered to by all facility personnel.

Standard Register High Point, NC Nov 2000 - May 2012

Operations Manager
Provided distribution center customer service support for a manufacture which focused on business forms and documents which included highly sensitive negotiable notes and medical forms. Products included a complete line of commercial checks and documents for major financial institutions.
Key liaison between the distribution center and the Bank of America logistics team, managing the execution of the daily local, national and international operations ensuring all financial documents were shipped according to specified customer requirements.
Assisted in the planning and execution of new product launches, special promotions, and revamped shipment procedures for Bank of America and Wachovia customers.
Provided oversight of end to end shipping of new product to key customers resulting in nearly 1 million dollars of new sales.
Streamlined processes and procedures increasing efficiency and eliminating steps resulting in saving the company over $90,000 in re-warehousing and storage costs. Developed and implemented an innovative new procedure to increase efficiency and improve overall customer service delivery performance centered on the shipment of no charge consumer products.
Provided coaching/mentoring to assure that shipment procedures were executed according to organization policies and procedures. Provided subject matter expertise and guidance during a Fortna implementation upgrade. This upgrade allowed the organization to offer additional value-added services to customers in a cost-effective and safe manner resulting in significant cost savings.

Education

North Carolina A & T State University, BS, May 1985
Distinguished Military ROTC Graduate, Commissioned USAF Transportation Logistics Officer, May 1985
Volunteer

Junior Achievement of Triad Feb 2019-June 2019
Central Elementary - Eden, NC
Classroom Money and Civics Presenter
Usher Board Member May 2011-Present
Trinity AME Zion Church
Contact this candidate