Ashray Jethwa
Dar es Salaam, ***** +255-***-**-****
ad72ow@r.postjobfree.com Bold Profile
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Dynamic leader with a proven track record at Amani Beach Resort, enhancing guest experiences and streamlining operations for efficiency. Excelled in conflict resolution and team management, significantly reducing vacancy periods. Skilled in guest relations and comprehensive financial oversight, demonstrating exceptional organizational abilities and attention to detail. Achieved optimum occupancy rates through effective reservation management and service excellence.
SKILLS Leadership
Teamwork
Problem Solving
Guest Relations
Customer Service
Attention to Detail
Organization
Flexible
WORK HISTORY RESIDENT MANAGER 12/2018 to 05/2024
Amani Beach Resort Amani Gombvu, Tanzania
Maintenance Guest Services Accounting Marriott Liaise Provided for peaceful and safe tenant relations through complaint management and conflict resolution.
Reported and documented maintenance requests and scheduled appropriate services.
Oversaw move-in/move-out processes to ensure seamless transitions while minimizing vacancy periods.
Head of al operations departments and managed the following duties: Reservations
Responsible for making all reservations, communicate with travel agents, OTAs. Ensure all guest enquiries are met and optimum occupancy is reached.
Managing maintenance teams (Technicians, Gardeners, Housekeeping, etc) Organizing repair, installation and renovation projects throughout the property. Welcoming guests in a friendly and professional way, addressing and escalating customer complaints. Ensure guests have a pleasant stay. Ensure all sales and updated in a consolidated report daily. Oversee petty cash availability and usage. Oversee all payments directly and through online banking. Handle payroll.
Ensure all brand standards are met. Send daily, monthly, quarterly reports to Marriott regarding sales and health standards. Conduct all required trainings. Purchasing
Evaluate vendors, negotiate contracts and ensure hotel has adequate supplies for operation
Food and Beverage
A J
Organize, direct and evaluate all Food and Beverage services including staffing, food cost, specials and food safety.
UNDER THE MANGO TREE 06/2016 to 12/2018
Self-employed Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania
Co-owner/Chef/Manager
Operated and maintained a newly opened restaurant that also provided frequent outdoor catering. Maintained daily accounts, purchases, costing, stock control and event planning.
FOOD AND BEVERAGE MANAGER 06/2015 to 06/2016
Ramada Hotel Dar Es Salaam Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania Manage day to day operations at a high standard and maintain hygiene standards. Maintain stock control and food costing. Plan and organize VIP events with the Chef and Service Team
FOOD AND BEVERAGE CONSULTANT 08/2013 to 06/2015
Ramada Hotel Dar Es Salaam Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania Work directly with the General Manager to finalize SOPs, purchase kitchen and service equipment. Work with Construction Company and Architects to plan out final layouts of kitchen and service areas. Finalize suppliers, both international and local.
RESTAURANT MANAGER 06/2011 to 06/2013
Calabash Cafe Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania
Managed and maintained the restaurant premises. In charge of handling suppliers, staffing, menu planning and logistics
ASSISTANCE MANAGER 01/2007 to 02/2011
Dairy Queen Chico, California
Helped manage a fast food restaurant that promoted good food and exceptional service. Also planned and executed numerous remodeling projects that increased sales throughout the years PREP COOK 01/2004 to 01/2007
Associated Students California State University Chico California Prepared ingredients for multiple stations. Provided support to the Head Chef BREAKFAST COOK 12/2001 to 01/2004
Associated Students California State University Chico, California Prepared, cooked and served breakfast at the required service time and standard.
ASSISTANT STOREKEEPER 12/1999 to 12/2001
Associated Students California State University Chico, California Maintained and issued stock based on sales and requirements DISHWASHER 08/1997 to 12/1999
Associated Students California State University Chico, California Maintained a clean kitchen, properly washing and sorting soiled dishes, and prepped foods as needed. Kept the dish area free of clutter and well organized.
EDUCATION Bachelor of Science Chemistry 2022
California State University, Chico California, Chico, California International Baccalaureate 05/1996
International School of Tanganyika, Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania
Contact this candidate