Career Objective:
Career Summary:
Employment History:
SYED SHAH AZIZ
Address: House:-92, Word:-57, Nezambug Purbangso,
Asrababad, Kamrangirchar, Dhaka
Primary Mobile No: 017******** / 018********
Primary Email: ad72op@r.postjobfree.com
To obtain a prestigious and challenging position where I will have the scope to utilize my potentiality and skills to do something innovative and from where I will be able to enhance my knowledge. AMANA FOOD & CONSUMER LTD., MOLLA SALT AGRO FOOD & BEVERAGE LIMITED, PRAN -RFL GROUP, T.K GROUP, RASHID GROUP, NANDAN GROUP.
Total Year of Experience: 19 yrs.
1. National Sales Manager (N.S.M) (2.6 yrs.)
(February, 2022 - Continuing)
Amana Food & Consumer Ltd
Uttara, Dhaka
Area of Expertise
Budgeting Cost Estimation (0.4 yrs.), Business/ Product Development (0 yrs.), Sales & Marketing (2.6 yrs.) Duties/Responsibilities
1).New products development 2).Monitor and lead Divisional Manager, Regional Managers, Area Managers, Territory Managers, SR performance.3). Supervise, monitor and ensure sales operations of Distribution Houses as well as Compliance activities (Including. KYC, Process) 4. Ensure implementation of compliance related direction, initiatives, resolutions for distribution house and its employees. 5. Ensure proper reporting of sales and smooth processes exist to facilitate all sales activities. 6. Responsible for sales coaching & training related issues for designated area. 7. Monitor and ensure sales campaigns and trade activities as instructed by central team are properly executed in designated in market. 8. Guide, monitor and supervise Distribution Compliance and operations officer. 9. Track and store resolved and follow -up stock lifting and check with distributors about ROI. 10. Ensure maintenance of relevant documentations. 11. Reporting to senior team management effectively and communicate with other departments. 12. Ownership of the complete area in terms of all sales operations. 13. Agents/Retailer/Distributor roll out and develop existing Agents/Retailer/Distributors. 14. Preparing the monthly report about sales & Collection achievement. 15. Maintains good long term relations with existing and new clients.16. Planning for new business Opportunity & Regular follow up of all business related Updates.17. Identify new Opportunities for campaigns that can lead to increase clients .18. Distribution and productivity.19. To train and to provide coaching for distributor team. 20. Distributor management. 21. Ensure product quality and customer service.22.Administration and communication. 23. Team Management and Capacity building 24. Ensure pro duct quality.25.Relationship Management with key customers. 2. Manager (Head of Sales) (1.6 yrs.)
(August, 2020 - January, 2022)
Molla Salt Agro Food & Beverage Limited
Road:-23/B, House:-09, Gulshan: 01, Dhaka-1212
Area of Expertise
Sales & Marketing (1.6 yrs.)
Duties/Responsibilities
1).Oversees the activities of other workers. 2).Hires, trains, and evaluates new employees. 3).Ensures that a company or Department is on track to meet its financial goals. 4).Reports to other executives or to the owner directly. 5).Directs team or group leaders. 6).Motivates workers through incentives and positive feedback. 7).Develops and implements budgets. 8).Prepares reports for management. 9).Ensures workers have the resources to complete their work. 10).Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, and participating in professional organizations. 11).Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests and exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. 12).Develop and implement effective sales strategies. 13).Lead nationwide sales team members to achieve sales targets. 14).Establish productive and professional relationships with key personnel in assigned customer accounts. 15).Negotiate and close agreements with large customers. 16).Monitor and analyze performance metrics and suggest improvements.17).Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual sales forecasts. 18).Perform research and identify new potential customers and new market opportunities. 19).Provide timely and effective solutions aligned with clients' needs. 20).Liaise with Marketing and Product Development departments to ensure brand consistency. 21).Stay up-to-date with new product launches and ensure sales team members are on board. 3. Regional Manager - East & West Region (Chittagong, Sylhet & Mymensing Division) (BML RICE) (4.5 yrs.)
(March, 2016 - August, 2020)
PRAN-RFL GROUP (RICE, DAL, SALT, BRAN OIL, SEMAI, VINEGAR, BISCUIT, MURI, GHEE, CAKE, TOAST, ETC). PRAN-RFL Center, 105, Porogoti Sarani, Middle Badda, Dhaka 1212, Bangladesh Area of Expertise
Business Development (4.5 yrs.), Marketing (0.5 yrs.), Sales (4.5 yrs.) Duties/Responsibilities
1. Monitor and lead Area Managers, Territory Managers, and SR performance. 2. Supervise, monitor and ensure sales operations of Distribution Houses as well as Compliance activities (Including. KYC, Process) 3. Ensure implementation of compliance related direction, initiatives, resolutions for distribution house and its employees. 4. Ensure proper reporting of sales and smooth processes exist to facilitate all sales activities in designated area. 5. Responsible for sales coaching & training related issues for designated area. 6. Monitor and ensure sales campaigns and trade activities as instructed by central team are properly executed in designated in market. 7. Guide, monitor and supervise Distribution Compliance and operations officer. 8. Track and store resolved and follow-up stock lifting and check with distributors about ROI. 9. Ensure maintenance of relevant documentations. 10. Reporting to senior team management effectively and communicate with other departments. 11. Ownership of the complete area in terms of all sales operations. 12. Agents/Retailer/Distributor roll out and develop existing Agents/Retailer/Distributors. 13. Preparing the monthly report about sales & Collection achievement.14. Maintains good long term relations with existing and new clients. 15. Planning for new business Opportunity & Regular follow up of all business related Updates. 16. Identify new Opportunities for campaigns that can lead to increase clients. 17. Distribution and productivity. 18. To train and to provide coaching for distributor team. 19. Distributor management. 20. Ensure product quality and customer service. 21. Administration and communication.22. Team Management and Capacity building 23. Ensure product quality. 24. Relationship Management with key customers 4. Regional Sales In-Charge - Dhaka South Region (Consumer Division) (0.3 yrs.)
(December, 2015 - March, 2016)
T.K. GROUP (PUSTI SOYABEAN OIL, ATTA, MAIDA, SUJI, TEA, MINERAL WATER, MUSTARD OIL, VANASPATI GHEE) T.K Bhaban (2nd Floor),13 Karwan Bazar, Dhaka-1215. Area of Expertise
Business Development (0.1 yrs.), Marketing (0.1 yrs.), Sales (0.1 yrs.) Duties/Responsibilities
1. Monitor and lead Area Managers, Territory Managers performance. 2. Supervise, monitor and ensure sales operations of Distribution Houses as well as Compliance activities (Including. KYC, Process) 3.Ensure implementation of compliance related direction, initiatives, resolutions for distribution house and its employees. 4. Ensure proper reporting of sales and smooth processes exist to facilitate all sales activities in designated area. 5. Responsible for sales coaching & training related issues for designated area. 6. Monitor and ensure sales campaigns and trade activities as instructed by central team are properly executed in designated in market. 7. Guide, monitor and supervise Distribution Compliance and operations officer. 8. Track and store resolved and follow-up stock lifting and check with distributors about ROI. 9. Ensure maintenance of relevant documentations.10. Reporting to senior team management effectively and communicate with other departments.11. Ownership of the complete area in terms of all sales operations.12. Agents/Retailer/Distributor roll out and develop existing Agents/Retailer/Distributors. 13. Preparing the monthly report about sales & Collection achievement. 14. Maintains good long term relations with existing and new clients. 15.Planning for new business Opportunity & Regular follow up of all business related Updates. 16. Identify new Opportunities for campaigns that can lead to increase clients.17.Distribution and productivity. 17. Merchandising. 19. To train and to provide coaching for distributor team. 20. Distributor management. 21. Ensure product quality and customer service. 22. Administration and communication. 23. Team Management and Capacity building. 24. Ensure product quality. 25. Relationship Management with key customers. Training Summary:
Professional Qualification:
5. Coordinator (National Sales & Marketing) (6.7 yrs.)
(May, 2009 - December, 2015)
RASHID GROUP (WHITE GOLD RICE BRAN OIL & RASHID MINICATE RICE) Dhaka (Factory Kushtia)
Area of Expertise
Administration (6.7 yrs.), Marketing (6.7 yrs.), Sales (6.7 yrs.) Duties/Responsibilities
1. Achieving Sales targets by value and volume.2. Planning for new business Opportunity & Regular follow up of all business related Updates. 3. Identify new Opportunities for campaigns that can lead to increase clients.4.To visit the customer periodically. 5. Preparing the monthly report about sales & Collection achievement. 6. To arrange different type of promotional activities as like as meeting & personal communication, etc. 7. To work with top management for execution of business development opportunities. 8. Drive Marketing communication & Promotional Activities. 9. Maintain and develop good relationship with customer through personal contact or meeting or via telephone etc. 10. Prospecting, identifying and developing new corporate clients. 11. Providing different report as and when required by the management. 12. Managing existing clients. 13. Maintains good long term relations with existing and new clients.
6. Sr. Executive (Marketing & Sales) (3.2 yrs.)
(February, 2006 - April, 2009
NANDAN GROUP OF COMPANY`S
Dhaka
Area of Expertise
Corporate Marketing (3.2 yrs.), Marketing (3.2 yrs.), Sales (3.2 yrs.) Duties/Responsibilities
1. Serve to walk in customers with satisfactory level of salesmanship. 2. Create customer network and update database by putting Visit information in official format. 3. Daily effective follow up with existing and potential customers to increase the sales.4.Prepare necessary documents, reports and submit to the management. 5. Determine and analyze customer’s needs, trends. 6. Projecting expected sales volume, plan and implement sales program. 7. Collect information on changing trends and competitors. 8. Maintain counseling, disciplining staffs, planning, monitoring and appraising job results. 9. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending workshops, reviewing professional Publications, establishing personal networks, participating in professional societies. Academic Qualification:
Exam Title Concentration/Major Institute Result Pas.Year Duration Achievement Master of Business
Administration (MBA)
CMA
Marketing
Bangladesh Islami
University
Institute of Cost
and Management
Accountant
Bangladesh
Jagannath
University
Enrolled 2020 - Final Semester
CMA
Enrolled
2016
-
Business Level
(Level-2)
Master of Arts (MA) Philosophy
Second C lass,
Marks :57%
2011 1 year
Second C lass,
6th
B.A(hon`s) Philosophy
Jagannath
University
Abdul Hye Degree
College,Narail
Second C lass,
Marks :55%
First Division,
Marks :68%
2010 4 year`s
Second C lass,
7th
HSC Arts 2002 2 year`s -
SSC
Arts
Sammiloney
Secondary
School,Narail
First Division,
Marks :63%
2000
2 year`s
-
Training Title Topic Institute Coun
try
Location Year Duration
Tally 9 & Tally ERP
9
Basic Of Accounting & Inventory, Advanced Of
Accounting &Inventory, Payroll, Advanced Of
Tally ERP 9
Accept Software Ltd Bangladesh Farmgate,
Dhaka
2014
Four
Months
Computer MS word, MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS Outlook and Internet Browsing.
Abdul Hye Degree
College Narail
Bangladesh
Narail
2002
2 years
Certification
Institute Location From To
Personal Details :
Career and Application Information:
Reference (s):
United States
CMA
Institute of Cost and
Management Accountant
Bangladesh
Dhaka
July 1, 2016
June 1, 2017
Looking For : Top Level Job
Available For : Full Time
Preferred Job Category : Commercial/Supply Chain, Marketing/Sales, Production /Operation Preferred District : Anywhere in Bangladesh.
Preferred Organization Types : Manufacturing (FMC G), Multinational Companies, Food (Packaged)/Beverage, Poultry, Group of Companies
Specialization:
Fields of Specialization
1). Sales & Marketing 2). Retail Management 3). Business Development 4). Distribution/ Supply Chain Management 5). Market Research 6). Costing 7). Budgeting 8). Business Operation 9). Team Building 10). Store Keeper/ Manager Language Reading Writing Speaking
Bangla
English
High
High
High
High
High
High
Father's Name : Syed Hemayet Ali
Mother's Name : Anzuara
Date of Birth : September 29, 1985
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Married
Nationality : Bangladeshis
Religion : Islam
Permanent Address : Jongul gram, Narail Sadar, Narail Current Location : Dhaka
Blood Group : A+
Reference: 01
Name : Mohammad (Zumman) Shahan Shah Azad
Organization : Sajeeb Group.
Designation : CEO
Shezan Point (Level 6), 2 Indira Road,
Farmgate, Dhaka 1215, .
Phone (Off.) : +880**********
Phone (Res.) : +880****-******
Mobile : 018********
E-Mail : ad72op@r.postjobfree.com
Relation : Professional
Reference: 02
Md. Yasin Miah, FCA
M M Yasin & Co. (Chartered Accounts)
Principal & CEO
House # 22, Road # 12, Block # F, Niketon,
Gulshan # 01, Dhahka # 1212.
+880**********
ad72op@r.postjobfree.com
Professional
Regards,

Syed Shah Aziz
Language Proficiency:
Address :
Contact this candidate