LB Lawson Blankenship
Alpine, AL ***** 205-***-**** ad72au@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Eager self starter always ready and willing to assist fellow employees with job tasks. Handles various duties and assignments. Accustomed to multitasking and working quickly to meet challenging demands. Considered hardworking and reliable with great interpersonal skills. Upbeat and energetic childcare provider with Child and Infant CPR/First Aid knowledge. Supports educational, entertainment and home requirements for parents. Responsive, dependable and vigilant with highly protective nature. Independent Nanny adept at taking initiative in creating child-friendly activities. Maintain organized schedules with little parental guidance. Adept in caring for up to 4 children while preparing meals and managing personal, medical and educational activities for each child. SKILLS Social integration
Educational support
Activity Planning
Behavior modification
WORK HISTORY PRIVATE NANNY 05/2016 to CURRENT
Allen Companies Sylacauga, AL
Assisted children with homework assignments and special projects across different subjects.
Prepared healthy, age-appropriate snacks and meals. Monitored schedules to maintain sleeping, eating, and school schedules for children.
Communicated with children at age-appropriate levels to encourage understanding and foster relationships.
Established lasting, professional connections with families and children by encouraging open communication and delivering positive feedback. Balanced playtime and limited screen time to support development of fine motor, gross motor, and cognitive skills
Built positive and nurturing environments to support child social and emotional growth.
Organized different types of activities to enhance physical and intellectual development.
Taught children basic life skills, manners and personal hygiene. Worked with parents to develop and implement discipline programs to promote positive behavior.
Transported children to and from activities using personal or family vehicle. Assisted with light housekeeping duties as well as running errands. Regularly traveled with family to help with vacation activities and childcare. FOOD AND BEVERAGE OPERATIONS MANAGER 07/2012 to 03/2014 Pursell Farms Sylacauga, AL
Negotiated with vendors and suppliers to reduce costs and achieve profitability.
Oversaw front of house and back of house personnel to maintain adequate staffing and minimize overtime.
Coordinated employee schedules, payroll and new hire training. Developed waste-control policies to maintain profitable operations. Trained, supervised and motivated 13 employees to enhance customer service and encourage repeat business.
Audited food and beverage inventory and cost control systems and processes to keep tabs on usage and prevent shrink. Implemented new drink policies, reducing over-pouring. Responded to customer complaints, addressing concerns, and distress with amicable interactions.
Managed bar and wait staff and directed hiring program. Adhered to corporate efficiency and profitability goals for beverage purchasing and distribution.
Developed ongoing training initiative to improve beverage knowledge of serving employees.
Oversaw selection, ordering and inventory controls of wine, beer and alcohol program.
Developed relationships with suppliers and vendors leading to special volume pricing discounts and availability.
Conducted hands-on training for equipment, demonstrating proper technique and safety protocols.
Maintained highest standards for beverage quality and service. Verified staff compliance with accepted food and drink safety regulations, suggesting remedial training where necessary.
ASSISTANT OFFICE MANAGER 09/2011 to 04/2012
Maxwell And Suber Farms Quincy, FL
Created and updated physical records and digital files to maintain current, accurate, and compliant documentation.
Recorded expenses and maintained accounting records. Transferred and directed phone calls, guests, and mail to correct staff members.
Coordinated board and committee meetings, schedules, information preparation and distribution.
Authored business documents to organize and emphasize information quickly and effectively.
Oversaw office inventory activities by ordering and requisitions and stocking and shipment receiving.
Kept front office clean and well-organized to keep areas presentable for guests and maximize professio
Optimized office schedule to balance team workloads, group productivity and financial t
Sorted, opened, and routed mail and deliveries to meet Drafted agendas, recorded minutes and generated documents to facilitate meetin
EARLY CHILDHOOD TEACHER 02/2009 to 08/2011
Chappell Schools Tallahassee, FL
Maintained well-controlled classrooms by clearly outlining standards and reinforcing positive behaviors.
Applied play-based strategies to provide diverse approaches to learning. Educated students in foundational concepts such as shapes, numbers, and letters.
Fostered reasoning and problem solving through active exploration games and activities.
Consulted with parents to build and maintain positive support networks and support continuing education strategies.
Promoted physical, academic, and social development by implementing diverse classroom and outside activities.
Monitored students' academic, social, and emotional progress and recorded in individual files.
Sanitized toys and play equipment each day to maintain safety and cleanliness.
Assisted and supervised 18 children through entire school day. Established positive communication with parents in daily conversation and formal conferences.
Developed weekly lesson plans and activities to engage children and promote learning.
Modeled positive behavior and communication skills for students. Monitored classroom to verify safe and secure environment. EDUCATION Early Childhood Education
The University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL
Contact this candidate