Expert People And Project Manager

Versatile operations management professional with 30 years of military, civilian, and government experience. Facilities maintenance, project management, and budget management with an emphasis on delivering refining process and delivering superior results. Skilled in strategic planning, civilian/government coordination, logistics, business development, customer service, and contract negotiation. Available for domestic and international travel.

Secret and Top Secret/SCI Security Clearances 1993-2022 Business Development Strategic Planning Project Management Marketing Networking Team Building Entrepreneurial Mentality Contract Negotiation Account Management Coaching & Mentorship Budgeting & Forecasting P&L

Professional Experience

General Manager, Parts, Service, and Warranty
Trinity Trailer Manufacturing, Inc Boise, Idaho 2023-2024

Managed 30 personnel across three service centers, each with a service manager, administrator, and service technicians, as well as the parts sales team and the warranty specialist. Promoted company services to drive new service and parts sales, oversaw engineering requests, service bay throughput, technical training for service staff, instituting quality, safety, and training plans for all staff members, and all aspects of personnel management. Acted as service manager in three locations during extended personnel shortages.

Continually refined the service and repair processes with special attention on flat rate hours, billable hours, and maximizing company profit.
Continued to lead the sales team to achieve weekly and monthly sales goals.
Wrote, reviewed, and refined the service, warranty, and parts sales standard operating procedures to reflect new tasks and the changing sales environment.
Lead service and parts teams during the EOS process implementation, ran weekly Level 10 meetings, participated in the weekly sales and marketing, safety, and online sales Level 10s.
Advertised open positions, interviewed candidates, hired new staff, administered discipline, and terminated poorly performing employees.
Assumed the role of service managers and parts sales personnel during months-long staffing vacancies.
Worked daily with purchasing, the warehouse, the machine shop, shipping, and supply chain staff to order, manufacture, ship, transfer, and deliver parts to the three service centers as well as nation-wide parts customers.
Created and implemented a standardized training plan for the service technicians.
Approved engineering requests for proposed company-manufactured parts, parts for other manufacturer’s trailers, and recently redesigned parts.
Monitored incoming and open warranty claims and continually updates the warranty process with a focus on providing the best customer service experience.

Audio Visual Project Manager
Neurilink/AVI Boise, Idaho 2022-2023

Planed, organized, directed, and controlled project activities required for effective management of audio-visual installation projects. Supervised installation labor and sub-contractors. Estimated and priced job charges. Worked with financial, contract management and other management reports and tools to define project problems to assure project profitability. Was responsible for training and developing employees and for the quality of installation. Used Q360 ERP, Teams, and SharePoint to manage the project and information flow.

Managed a portfolio of 20 installation projects valued at $1m+.
Worked with engineering department on design and drafting phases of projects.
Coordinated the procurement of materials, supplies and services and controls timely delivery to job site, as well as the site general manager and other construction trades.
Prepared the project installation plan, manages the plan and prepares and implements job procedures.
Maintained construction schedule and coordinates task scheduling with other trades.
Managed the installation calendar ensuring the nine installers’ schedules.
Kept clients, superiors and subordinates informed of progress.
Maintains all records of job status, job changes, material flow and other control records and supervises the preparation and processing of reports for internal and external use.

Administrative Support Manager
Idaho Department of Labor/Idaho Job Corps Nampa, Idaho 2021-2022

Administratively supported all aspects of campus functions, life safety, educational staff, and students in the Idaho Job Corps, and coordinates between the Idaho Department of Labor, US Job Corps, and four Idaho Community Colleges to provide a superior educational experience for underprivileged youth aged 16 to 24. The Idaho Job Corps was federally grant-funded and ended in April of 2023.

Managed and oversaw all aspects of a 25-acre, 175,000 square foot campus and an operational and maintenance support staff of 22 serving low-income students.
Managed the $37m three-year grant budget, approves expenditures, and coordinates with the federal government for repair and grant reimbursement on federally owned facilities.
Supervised campus maintenance, grant modifications, and upgrades to federally owned structures. Managed the tradesman, contractors, and property management company to ensure that work is completed on time and to standard.
Ensured the cafeteria is properly staffed, clean, and provides three hot meals to students seven days a week. Coordinated between staff hosting special events and the cooking staff to provide special meals.
Oversaw all the information technology and audio-visual assets on campus, the cabling, automations equipment issue and inventory, as well as upgrades to both the physical and virtual infrastructure.
Ensured the fleet of buses, vans, forklifts, and Mules receive proper preventative maintenance and repair.
As HR manager posted openings, screened candidates, scheduled, and attended interviews, and informed candidates of their status in the hiring process.
Created, modified, and enforced IT staff Covid rules, in accordance with HIPAA laws.

Cavalry Officer, Major, Retired
U.S. Army Worldwide Assignments 2001 - 2022

Multiple overseas assignments including Iraq, Kuwait, Germany, Cambodia, and Afghanistan, worked directly with local governments and aid organizations, unit management of organizations ranging from 15 to 270 personnel, and extensive logistics and fleet management experience.

Camp Victory Assistant Mayor, Iraq, managed housing for 10,000 personnel, physical security, food/water/sewage operations, facilities maintenance, and transfer of land, buildings, and vehicles to the Iraqi government prior to base closure.
State Partnership Program Coordinator, Idaho and Cambodia, program manager for the government of Idaho and the U.S. State Department to aid the people of Cambodia with disaster relief efforts, and U.S.-Cambodia military partnership events.
International Affairs specialist, Oregon, participated in Asian country studies, overseas event planning, and operations orders production.
Afghan Police Embedded Team Chief, lead a 21-man U.S. security force and a 150-man Afghan Civil Order Police unit, instructed on small unit logistics, homicide investigation, community policing and infantry tactics. Also provided support to NATO special operations forces.
Interaction with international aid organizations and military representatives from the United Kingdom, Australia, Turkey, Azerbaijan, France, Norway, Germany, Iraq, Cambodia, and Afghanistan.
Idaho National Guard Company Commander, Idaho and Iraq, commanded a unit of 165 personnel, 60 vehicles, and $35 million of unit property over four years including a 12-month Iraq deployment.
Graduate of the Army Observer/Controller Academy, Hohenfels, Germany, Observer/Controller Team Chief, and battalion plans officer (S-3).

Information Technology Project Manager 3
Boise State University Boise, Idaho 2017 – 2020

Administered the physical information technology infrastructure on the Boise State University Campus. Managed IT infrastructure life cycle planning, selection and implementation of new and alternative technologies.

Managed workflow of construction, and infrastructure projects, and trouble tickets, ordering and installation of much of the Boise State University’s new IT infrastructure, physical maintenance of existing hardware, and replacement of obsolete equipment.
Lead the campus Subsurface Mapping Project, managed the $80,000 FY19 project budget, and the $250,000 yearly budget projections for FY20-FY21.
Negotiated with contractors supporting Boise State University’s Office of Information Technology, purchased wireless access points, battery backup systems and generators.
Managed Campus Security Camera installation, camera selection, placement, and installation.

Truck Freight Service Center Manager
UPS Freight Boise, Idaho 2016 – 2017

Managed freight pickups and deliveries in southern Idaho, freight from Salt Lake City and Portland, hired and trained new service center staff, and planned effective freight dock workflow.

Lead three freight terminals and all UPS Freight operations in southern Idaho, northern Nevada, and eastern Oregon.
Supervised two full time supervisors, two clerks, 11 city drivers, and five line haul drivers.
Two of the service centers routinely scored in the top 5% of operations based on the UPS Freight Business Score Cards.
Planed delivery driver schedules to ensure the least number of hours, overtime, and truck miles.
Successfully enforced UPS standards, DOT, OSHA, HAZMAT, State and Federal procedures and regulation, and customs/export regulations.

Intermodal Freight Services Small Business Owner
Navis Pack and Ship Meridian, Idaho 2012 – 2015

Purchased as a distressed asset, Navis more than doubled gross sales in 24 months after securing exclusive contracts with two of Idaho’s largest manufacturing companies and returned to profitability.

Serviced Idaho with FTL, LTL, container shipments, specialty truck freight, air cargo, and final mile delivery.
Increased sales 250% since purchase in 2012. Daily project management of 25 crating and domestic or international shipping jobs, projected lumber and packaging needs for the 8,000sq/ft warehouse, payables and receivables, export paperwork, human resources, and job quoting.
Negotiated contracts with Simplot, Micron, Micron suppliers, and major Pacific Rim semiconductor resale organizations.
Supervised nine employees, two company-owned vehicles and warehouse forklifts.

Aircrew Life Support Specialist
United States Air Force Sacramento, California 1993-1997

Managed, performed, and scheduled inspections, maintenance, and adjustments of assigned aircrew flight equipment, aircrew chemical defense equipment, and associated supplies, and inventories assets. Prepares, maintains, and monitors aircraft flight equipment operations on the KC-135, United States and Royal Australian Air Force F-111. T-38, A-10, and F-15 airframes.

Education

Masters of Business Administration, Eastern University, Pennsylvania (in progress)
Bachelor of Science, Communications and Journalism, University of Idaho, Idaho
OSHA 30, University of South Florida
Maneuver Captain’s Career Course and Armor Officer Basic Course, US Army Armor School, Ft. Knox, Kentucky
Leader Development and Education Course for Sustained Peace, Naval Postgraduate School, California

Proficiencies and Awards

MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Mac
Teams, SharePoint, Q360 ERP, Visual, Atlas, EOS, Autodesk
Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medals, Combat Action Badge
Contact this candidate