Joseluis Seclen
Qualifications Profile
ad73f6@r.postjobfree.com • 562-***-****
LinkedIn • Downey, US
Highly analytical skill and research, managing logistics / inventory levels, and overseeing overall operations of company. Excellent organization. Multitasking and working under pressure. Skilled in devising and implementing strategy for management of all warehouse functions along with guaranteeing stock level accuracy. Equipped with exceptional communication, negotiation, analytical, leadership, and time-management skills.
Areas of Expertise
Solid organizational skills
Contractual Negotiations
Operational Processes
Excellent commercial awareness
Team Leadership & Training
Inventory / Logistics Control
Product Development
Strategic Planning
Warehouse Management
Professional Experience
Nitori Aki-Home Furniture, Ontario 2022 – 2023
Assistant Buyer
Assisted in the development of merchandise by category (Mattress, Bedroom sets), prepares and maintained floor plan for store locations, support the buyer managing purchase order, monitoring inventory, preparing budgets, and providing administrative support, Assisted in the negotiating with vendors and suppliers.
Hallmark Aviation Services (LAX Airport) 2021 – 2022
Airline Customer Services Representative.
Under Air Lingus contract.

The principal priority is to assist passengers with all their journey, including handling administrative duties and managing situations arising from flight disruption.
●Verify travel documents and provide boarding passes.
●Tell passengers about luggage restrictions.
●Receive and direct incoming calls.
●Weigh baggage and collect any excess weight charges.
●Safety and security: Following strict safety and security measures.
●Boarding and arrival operations.
Star world Inc., Huntington Park 2015 – 2020
General Manager
Deliver top-notch service throughout entire shopping and purchasing experience by liaising with customer service team members. Maintained operational stability of leading rent-to-own retail chain that sells furniture, electronics, and appliances. Established and executed flexible work schedule to enhance employee engagement and reduce overtime. Led different tasks regarding dispatching, routing, and tacking delivery trucks. Collaborated shipping dates with suppliers to maintain production schedule. Monitored activities of workers that involved in receiving, storing, testing, and shipping products or materials.
●Maximized performance in revenue generation and customer services by scheduling, training, and coaching employees.
●Provided with negotiable favorable vendor contract consistent basis to keep cost low.
Jerome’s Furniture, Torrance 2012 – 2015
Salesperson
Maintained clean and professional work environment that seemed appealing to new and returning customers. Facilitated branch achievement of target profit margins through innovative tactics. Delivered customer assistance, including selling and measuring furniture.
●Met company’s standards and regulations for monthly goals on consistent basis.

Dearden’s Furniture Store, Los Angeles 2010 – 2012
Supervisor
Greeted and aided customers according to requirement to maintain first-class customer service along with sharing product knowledge with customers effectively. Operated point of sale systems accurately and efficiently, while complying with rules and regulations.

Additional Experience
Taca Airlines
I worked for this airline from 1987 to 1992, starting as ticket counter agent, promoted as Cargo Supervisor and ending as Assistant Station Manager in LAX Tom Bradley Terminal

Office Manager at RFG Financial Co., Tustin
Education & Training
Business Administration El Camino College, CA
Real Estate Principles and Real Estate Office Administration El Camino College, CA
California Notary Public
Registered Process Server
Languages: English Spanish
Contact this candidate