Mark Satkowski
Burbank, IL
ad73g3@r.postjobfree.com
708-***-****
Highly motivated warehouse operations production manager with experience in high volume small parcel and LTL operations. Extensive knowledge and experience with automated pick/pack operations, inventory management, as well as manual pick/pack operations. Managing associate productivity through KPI and weekly coach/counsel sessions. Ability to thrive in a highly stressful environment while implementing new more efficient processes and seeing them through. Strong leadership skills.
Work Experience
Warehouse Manager
OSS Special Steel Inc-Schaumburg, IL
February 2022 to January 2024
Oversaw daily operations for United States sales branch for Tiangong International.
Coordinated daily inbound and outbound deliveries of cold drawn steel bars.
Developed WMS for inventory and order selection for outbound deliveries and sales.
Developed safety protocols for the distribution and holding facilities specifically forklift and overhead crane operations.
Managed 7 employees who were trained and certified in house on this equipment.
Operations Supervisor
FedEx Ground-Bedford Park, IL
April 2020 to December 2021
Managed 23-40 associate package handlers for morning/day sort.
1st priority was maintaining safety procedures that were already implemented while holding staff accountable for any safety violations.
Oversaw staffing work areas accordingly on an hourly basis according to volume that was coming in from the inbound department as well as diverting any overflow between multiple trailers in order to keep the conveyors from jamming thus causing system malfunction.
Ensured every floor associate was cross trained in more than 2 operating tasks.
Production Manager
Powerstop LLC-Bedford Park, IL
March 2016 to February 2020
Managed 120 employees, 8 supervisors, and 10 leads for automotive distribution center in a 330k square foot facility.
Maintained and operated 3 major distribution departments that included automated pick/pack operations as well as manual pick/pack operations.
Implemented several SOP's that enabled Powers top to achieve and maintain some of the highest rated shipping standards on the e-commerce market from LTL to small parcel.
Ensured that my employees were operating safely and efficiently while adding key training initiatives for new and veteran employees.
During my tenure I helped our outbound WH team increase individual and team production metrics by 110% by implementing KPI’s to track, coach, and counsel our team members.
Implemented and sustained a dual shift pre-kitting team and line to increase picking efficiency by reducing touches.

Education
Bachelor's Degree in Health/Physical Education
North Central College - Naperville, IL
September 2004 to June 2009
Certifications and Licenses
Forklift Certification
Contact this candidate