Maurice Patterson Senior Operations Manager
ad74an@r.postjobfree.com • linkedin.com/in/maurice-patterson-b382a242 443-***-**** • Havre De Grace Performance driven manufacturing leader with extensive experience in multiple facets of production operations, including strategic planning, quality assurance and control, and change management. Proven history of managing systems and regulatory compliance with expertise focused on various areas of quality improvement, process validation, risk analysis, and the implementation of standard procedures and policies. Demonstrated ability to forge solid relationships with partners and build consensus across all organizational levels. Possess a strategic mindset and bias for tactical action, comfortable working to achieve a transformational change. Strong ability to work collaboratively to empower all functional areas. Areas of Expertise include:
Manufacturing Operations Teambuilding & Leadership Talent Training & Development
Production Planning Budgeting & Cost Control Continuous Improvement
Inventory & Vendor Control Risk Management Safety & Quality Auditing
Change Management
Systems Integration
Performance Metrics
R&D Systems
Complex Problem Solving
Customer Success
Professional Experience
Dunlop• Havre De Grace, MD • May 2023 to Present
Maintenance Manager
Rebuilt a maintenance program to meet deadlines and become reliable. Created a maintenance process that is sustainable using analytical data to validate. Focused on safety, accountability an growth of team members. Engineered solutions to problems that were systematically causing downtime. Manage the facility and Engineering projects.
• Managed CapEx projects to successful completion
o Automation Projects
• Made difficult personal decisions to increase efficiency and lower labor variances
• Managed plant OPEX budget to 15% underbudget by eliminating waste
• Automated maintenance Program
• Controlled inventory by eliminating waste
• Brought a worldclass mindset to Operations
Oldcastle Infrastructure • Edgewood, MD • October 2022 to April 2023 Plant Manager
Drove efficient and lean plant operations with a focus on sustainability, profitability, and safety. Established and championed preventative and predictive maintenance programs. Enforced continued compliance with all health, safety, environmental, regulatory policies, permits, and laws. Hired, trained, and mentored employees across three divisions. Key Accomplishments:
● Led $1.2M capital expense projects consisting of a silo project and pipe commissioning
● Maintained zero recordable incidents on a highly industrial site
● Led production scheduling in a complex demanding timeline with same day turnarounds
● Collaborated with Engineering to review and verify accurate plant production drawings
● Delivered EBITA margins from 18% to 30%
● Reduced labor and material variance while increasing cash flow Fabric • Capital Heights, MD • September 2020 to September 2022 Service Engineering Manager
As part of the US Leadership team, oversaw sites in DAL, NY, and DC. Analyzed and monitored employee/production workflows to optimize the day-to-day activities while minimizing costs. Focused on delivering products of maximum quality Maurice Patterson
Page Two of Two
in a profitable manner. Made significant contributions to stabilize and develop a cohesive team, reducing turnover while improving operational efficiency.
Key Accomplishments:
● Built, trained, mentored, and evaluated first MFC team in the USA
● Designed and implemented continuous improvement system and tasks
● Led $225K in capital investment projects for M2M and site reorganization Coty • Hunt Valley, MD • March 2019 to September 2020 Preventative Maintenance Planning Manager
Managed day-to-day activities involving the maintenance of the production equipment, and machinery including, but not limited to HVAC, building lighting systems, equipment installation, and new building construction. Supervised and coordinated the work of employees who repaired and maintained equipment, and machinery. Lead Breakdown analysis and FDA quality control documentation.
Key Accomplishments:
● Delivered Cost Savings initiatives of over $250K
● Lead CAPAs on all breakdown analysis
● Delivered on continuous improvement projects for SIP hold time extension, fill weights, camera system, and Graco pump systems improvements
General Motors • White Marsh, MD • April 2012 to March 2019 Maintenance Group Leader
Provided daily leadership to plan for the safe and efficient execution of work orders by including safety requirements in the job plan. Accurately estimated labor, materials, and duration of job while consistently achieving safety, environmental, quality, production, and cost goals of the department. Procured required resources, equipment, and materials. Wrote technical documents (SOP) for task safety and documented all. Key Accomplishments:
● Headed up the Employee Safety Concerns Committee
● Technical Support for highly automated complex system on GM’s first electric motor assembly line
● Leader of the 183D process and negotiated agreements with the Union to save the company $50K+
● Created the plants Project Management System
Additional Experience:
Product Support Engineer, Environics USA
Service Electric Mechanic, Good News Electric, Bel Air, MD Test Technician, Harford Electrical Testing, Fallston, MD Education
Associates Degree in Engineering Technology,
Harford Community College
Certificates & Licenses
Siemens certification of Basic Electricity • RSLogix certification in Control Modules 1-8 • Fanuc Robotics Certifications: RI30ia Electrical Maintenance, System Tool Handling and Application Programming, IR Vision, Lubrication Systems, Maurice Patterson
Page Two of Two
Advanced Robotics Programming, Lubrication Systems • ESWP Certified, Fork Truck, Lockout/Tagout, Fall Hazard • Confined Space for Supervisors • OSHA-10
Training & Development
Microsoft Office Suite, Met Lab, RSLogix, Maximo, TKS, Autocadd, Labview, Kronos, Kibana, MobaX, Slack, Monday Confluence, Okta, SAP, AX ERP, Linux
Languages
English - Fluent
German - Fluent
Contact this candidate