AHMED HASHISH
Cairo, Egypt +201********* I +965********
ad745k@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin.com/in/ahmed-awaad-mba-11296160

CAREER SUMMARY
Plant Manager #1 • Operations Manager #2 • Manufacturing Head#3
Manufacturing Expert with 16 Years of Experience driving Manufacturing through exceptional leadership, and innovation Strategy.
Deliver measurable improvements by linking operations to strategy and establishes performance metrics to help organizations stay on track to meet or exceed their goals.
Add capability and flexibility to the operating model that helps in improve quality, costs and time to deliver, as well as identify potential savings while still promoting growth and innovation.
Building effective organizations focuses on organizational and service delivery model changes that drive results, with emphasis on the cross functional nature of the processes used to produce products and services for our customers.
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs, Apple CEO

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Lean Tools
Performance Management
Operational Excellence
Change Management
FMCG
Six Sigma
Quality & Food Safety
Workplace Safety
Problem Solving
Business Strategy
Coaching
Manufacturing
Team Building
People Management
Lean Transformation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AGTHIA, Kuwait, Kuwait Mar. 22 - Present
FMCG Company, Water and Bakery.
Head of Operations 2 plants
KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES & ACHIEVMENTS:

Advocates emphasize and review HSE policies & procedures to ensure a safe working environment, protect employees, assets, and the Company’s image in terms of HSE risks.
o628 days Safe plant with ZERO LTIs, through continuous awareness sessions for all staff and conducting weekly HSE one points lessons, closing immediately any gabs related to HSE monthly audit (unsafe conditions or behaviors), Monthly HSE Audit score improved achieving 81.2% Vs. target of 75.5% and last year 70.4%

Define, align, monitor, and report all plants’ KPIs to enable and ensure delivery of expected business performance.
oAchieving world class OEE level 85%+ YTD Vs. 77.5% 2022 and 73.8% 2021.
oAchieving Volume growth 7.9% Vs. AOP 2022 and 23% Vs. AOP YTD by unlocking the line efficiency specially in 1.5L SKU with 20% improvement.

Cascades aligned strategic goals into a Business Plans and implemented a site manufacturing strategy to meet budgeted business requirements.
oSuccessfully introducing lower grammage preform 12.1% and closure 2.7% for all SKUs and 42.9% lower micron in label and 10% lower micron in shrink film.
oSupporting sales growth by leading the project of importing FG water and RM (Preform and closure) from UAE, which led to significantly reduce the number of changeovers and increased the line utilization.
oAchieving 100% compliance with PDP cycle for direct reports in both factories 2022 and 2023.

Lead, manage and motivate Production, Maintenance and WH teams, at 2 sites and 2 categories while ensuring all FGs are properly stored, managed and reported, accordingly, Apply an efficient and accurate reporting system to support agility of VC function, Lead the Planning team to ensure a proper S&OP cycle is in place and followed, ensuring availability of stocks and keeping the working capital within their target.
oSharing Monthly reports and performance review (Manufacturing, WH and Planning KPIs) with Kuwait Management and HO addressing the hits and misses with prober action plan to close any gabs of missed targets.
oDemand planning Accuracy improved from 56.3% to 77.7% by implementing the planning KPIs since plant startup.

MASAFI, Muscat, Oman Jan. 21 – Mar. 22
Plant Manager
Safety
oSafe plant with ZERO LTIs
Quality & Food Safety
oAchieving and sustaining satisfactory GMP score of 80%.
oSuccessfully passed HALAL audit.
oSuccessfully upgraded our FSSC from V4.1 to V5.0
oAll mandatory water analysis complying.
oAchieving ZERO consumer complaints related to Food safety.
oESMA Audit passed successfully, waiting EQM certification to Export to UAE.
People
oSkill gab matrix for all production population to address the gabs we have.
Continues Improvement
oInitiated IF DOWN DO maintenance system.
oEnforcing regular lubrication and M/C inspection plan to avoid any sudden breakdowns and improving plant OEE.
oSuccessfully started producing with down gauged 1.5 L preform from 31 gm to 28 gm, Saving in RM cost approx. 215,154 AED till YE.
oAchieving FE saving of 439,102 AED VS. AOP.
o10.8% OS labor Cost /Cs reduction.
o9.8% Volume Growth YTD due OEE% improvement.

Kellogg’s, Cairo, Egypt Sep.18 – Jan. 21
FMCG Company, Multinational
Plant Manager
Achieving 365 days safe plant with ZERO TRI (total recordable incidents) with recognition from Kellogg’s CEO.
Reduce Consumer Complaints by 80% vs 2018.
Leading Wafer production hall renovation to meet QFS, EHS and GMP standards which recognized by Kellogg’s CEO and Egyptian Prime minister with Productivity increase Saving of 2M EGP.
Total plant Animal feed waste reduction by 40% vs. prior year representing saving of 11M EGP.
Decreasing total manufacturing cost by 9% vs. prior year which represent saving of 25M EGP.
Improving total plant OEE by 25% YTD vs. Jan-19.
Achieve the highest Monthly Productivity Ever in Mar.19 (1660 ton)
Migrate with Kellogg’s Work system (Operation Excellence System) with more than 90%
Publish 3 years Plant Strategy for the 1st time in Bisco Misr.
Improve NRC (Natural Resources Conservation) by 65% vs 2018.

Deemah, KSA May.17 – Sep.18
FMCG Company, Market leader.
Factory Manager
Snacks Plant
Sales increased by15M SAR through
oFARFASHA SKUs. Quality improvements.
oNew packaging “Tatsey & Crunchy”
oNuts products, solving the chronic rancidity issues in pouches & improving the processing methods.
Gross Profit increased by 6.4% over net sales, which represents 5M SAR.
Manufacturing cost decreased by 3.8% over net sales by “Volume Growth”.
Volume Growth with the same capacities with ZERO investment and Operation cost / ton reduction by 10.8% equivalent to 1,5M SAR through:
oYield improvement.
oWaste reduction.
oLine parameters optimization.
Powder Plant
Sales increased by 975K SAR.
Manufacturing cost decreased by 21.06% over net sales by “Volume Growth” & the Capacity increase project done on powder line.
Volume Growth with the same capacities with ZERO investment and Operation cost / ton reduction by 20.7% equivalent 500K SAR through:
oTea machines efficiency
oCapacity increase project
oLine parameters optimization.

PepsiCo International, Giza, Egypt May.08 – May.17
FMCG Company, Multinational
Maintenance Engineer, Production PET Line Manager, Operations Manager, Production Manager
Snacks Division – Chipsy for Food Industries
Operations Manager April 2016 – May 2017
Leading Capacity Increase project decreasing the Cost per KG 5.33% equivalent to 0.052 EGP/KG with Annual saving of 600K EGP.
Leading Task force on achieving reduction in Operating supplies budget equivalent to 1M EGP.
Leading task Force depleting the remaining raw materials related to a certain product Saving amount of 900K EGP.
Leading Operation necessity CAPX write-up and project implementation successfully without any disturbance of production volume, which enhanced the Food safety, level in EP building 4M EGP.
launch the process of training 100% of EP population and the implementation phase started by:
oCircles layout & structures built and communicated.
o5S activities check list generated and verified with capability team.
oThe painting activities of store phase completed on Both EP lines and Nuts line finished using our in-house resources which saved approximately 100K EGP if we used external contractor for floor paint.
Qualifying EP (Extruded products) quality lab for 3S implementation by conducting 3S training for the EP lab Crew a, conducted 2 preparations drills on lab and supporting in putting action plan to close all gaps.
Supporting the PC50 3S implementation with all identification design and sharing with the EP experience in 3S.
Participated in launching the MMM machine in PC50 Building
Supported the New Dryer installation and commissioning completed with vertical startup achieving a new record by finishing the project in 4 days stoppage versus a plan of 11 days stoppage.
Closing the project with minimal waste and ZERO LTIs taking in consideration the different and complex tasks which done at the same time
Leading Nuts Raw Material depleting exercise, building flexible crewing plan to be able to operate 3 Lines with 2 crews to avoid scrapping Nut materials Equivalent to “900K EGP” by cooperating with AGRO team to consume all stock of nuts before expiry without impacting the plant KPIs due to the manual sorting of Nut raw.
leading EP line 7 ceiling cladding projects as agreed with projects team that they provide both funds and contractor and the project to be led by operations, the first project phase done successfully and approved by all stakeholders with ZERO LTIR. gaining the benefit of saving 25 points in the last AIB audit whiteout any disturbance to the required volumes to be produced.
Leading line 9 packaging Machines restoring to basic condition project during the stoppage of dryer replacement project with packaging team with engineering team support with funds which reflected online performance in the start up with zero minutes down time from packaging machines.

Beverage Division (PEPSI).
Category Manager (Cans lines) May 2012 – April 2016
Achieved AOP phase II saving of 0.201 EGP/Cs that Equivalent to 2M L.E. contributed to saving by:
oCarefully planning the Cans team overtime, monitoring the number of people, and assigned tasks to each one specially during the weekends and holidays.
oOptimizing OS numbers on Cans lines reducing 1 labor shift on line 6 and 3 labors per shift on line1 (18% reduction on OS HC).
oCoordinating with the planning team to reduce the production runs during the vacations.
oOptimizing the Lines Crews to run with zero OS during the stoppage of any Line by generating flexible teams between the 3 Lines.
Achieved Cans Category Production Breakage 6.63 pt./cs. That represents Saving amount of 65K EGP.
Achieved Cans Category Packaging Loss.6.30 pt./cs. Equivalent to amount of 161K EGP neglecting the effect of unplanned runs to deplete the old stocks from MSACANCO & BALL empty cans (Produced 80,015 Cases saving amount of 1.3M EGP – price of empty cans if scrapped).
Implementing effective AM plan for filler valves and Seamers performance contributed to reducing the Production Breakage by 3.7% & Reducing the Packaging Loss by 8.9%.
Contributing to productivity saving project "Deployment and storage capacity enhancement" by increasing extra layer on the F.G pallets by:
oExecuting feasibility study with the M/C OEM to make sure that there is not any negative effect on M/C due to the Extra load.
oIncreasing the Extra Layer with 100% Plant resources without any extra cost for the modification that resulted in the following:
oIncreasing the available storage space for Cans by 11.0 % equivalent to (23,194 Pallet).
oIncreasing the Transportation Capacity by 10 % equivalent to 3 pallets per Truck.
oReducing the number of forklift drivers by 3 on cans Lines per day. 33.3% Reduction in FL drivers head count.
Achieve 17% Reduction in changeover time for line 6 (Cans) through conducting Pit-stop exercise.

EDUCATION
-Bachelor’s degree, Mechanical Power Engineering 2002 - 2007
Cairo University, Egypt
“Credentials assessed” by WES Organization - Equivalent to 4 Years Canadian bachelor’s degree.

- Master of Business Administration, (MBA) 2018 - 2019
European Business School – United Nations Private Institute, Republic of Cyprus
Major: Business Finance
GPA: 4.0
Award of Excellence in “Modern Economics”

Personal Info
Date of Birth: 20-04-1985. Marital Status: Married
Military Status: Final Exemption. Nationality: Egyptian.
Contact this candidate