James J Larkin
ad74yy@r.postjobfree.com *** Linda Avenue Hawthorne, NY 10532 914-***-****

Management Profile:
Motivated and enthusiastic business professional that thrives in a fast-paced setting, with a diverse knowledge and practical work experience of all aspects of daily business operations. A constant learner who seeks to become a team player of a well-established organization.

WORK HISTORY

PCSB Bank. Yorktown Heights NY.
Facilities Coordinator (April 2019-Present)
Coordinated all facility repairs with vendors and followed up on completion of projects
Built relationships with our vendors to ensure the best service.
Procure quality products and services in the most cost-effective manner.
Supervise all ordering from the branches and departments.
Review, approve and submit invoices for payment in a timely manner for our vendors.
Manage facilities for 15 locations from initiation to completion.
Assist in general maintenance.
Run the retention program for the company.
Responsible for building access.

LaQuinta Inn & Suites. Stamford. CT.
Assistant Manager (February 2018 – March 2019)
Oversee daily operations of the hotel and provide strategic direction.
Supervise the activities of an extensive and diverse workforce to ensure a smooth and profitable business.
Inspect facilities regularly and enforce strict compliance with health, safety and service standards.
Served as the main point of contact for all customer and employee concerns.

ShopRite Supermarkets. Thornwood NY.
Shopper Advocate (July 2015-January 2018)
Managed the recruitment, development, training and counseling of all associates.
Actively promoting a culture of learning, coaching and mentoring all associates.
Ensured compliance with all company policies and procedures.
Maintained store conditions per company standard, to improve profitability.
Active involvement with local community, supporting local events & functions along with fundraising.
Maintained an enjoyable atmosphere for all associates and customers, driving productivity and sales.

Commerce Bank / TD Bank. White Plains NY.
Assistant Branch Manager (August 2007-December 2014)
Consistently developed & built client base by attracting new customers and managing retention of existing ones.
Managed daily branch operations including implementing policies and objectives.
Responsible for the selecting, coaching, evaluating and developing all Store staff, oversee the training of staff in the areas of customer service, product knowledge, operations and interpersonal skills.
Regularly participated in local community events, establishing and solidifying community and customer relationships.
Performed branch audits monthly on the entire branch.

EDUCATION:

April 12, 2001, Culinary Institute of America
Associates In Baking & Pastry Arts
Minor in Management

June, 1999, Westlake High School, Thornwood, NY 10594

SKILLS:
Windows, Mac, Microsoft Office, Aloha Systems, Encore, Lotus Notes, Notary Public, NMLS
Contact this candidate