FRANK ZWART
Dekalb, IL ***** • 630-***-**** • ad78r5@r.postjobfree.com

DEDICATED OPERATIONS MANAGER
Claims Specialist • Claims Investigator • Project Manager • Operations Manager
Vendor Sourcing • Strategy Development • Solutions Implementation • Talent Retention
Increased Efficiency • Performed Investigations • Expanded Profitability • Delivered Trainings
Analyzed Claimant Data • Conducted Negotiations • Produced Cost Savings • Optimized Inventory

WORK EXPERIENCE
GCS Claim Services, Geneva, IL 2010 - present
S.I.U. Operations Manager
●Delivered 200% growth in the SIU Department to handle case load quickly and more efficiently.
●Increased profit of surveillance cases by 40% by monitoring investigator results.
●Bolstered efficiency by 20% by combining updates and final reports into one document.
●Created computer-based scheduling and case tracking for investigators.
●Provided leadership, managed, and trained a staff of private investigators and national vendors in order to conduct surveillance, investigations, and additional services for our clients.
●Oversaw and managed hiring, training, directing, and scheduling private investigators to complete surveillance and additional recommended services.
●Coordinated case information between investigators, sales team, office staff, and clients.
●Facilitated additional services, including surveillance and on-site investigations.
●Trained and tracked the results of private investigators to increase video percentage and reviewed video and case updates to recommend additional surveillance on claimants.
●Analyzed, maintained, and reviewed claimant reports, video evidence, and documentation.
●Secured sensitive and confidential information as provided through multiple resources.
●Sourced and vetted of national vendors to complete surveillance and investigations.
●Executed additional office functions as needed such as case information intake, social media searches, client communications, vendor sourcing, and internal and external staffing needs.

Wilton Industries, Woodridge, IL 2004 - 2009
Director of Purchasing / Retail Operations 2007 - 2009
●Trained and motivated a staff of 13 at a retail store to increase sales.
●Implemented quoting and negotiations systems to maintain a 99% fill on ordering 100+ items.
●Delivered $15M in annual savings by launching a savings program for the Supply Chain Dept.
●Determined best price on highest quality goods, conducting research on new vendors, subcontractors, labor, and other needs for a company that doubled in size when purchased.
●Oversaw outsourcing and purchasing products for a multimillion-dollar corporation.
●Purchased all needs for all divisions of the company.
●Hired subcontractors to rework defective or sub-standard products into usable inventory.
●Reported cost-saving opportunities to Senior Level VPs.
●Collaborated with key decision-makers to complete projects.
●Established training and start-up manuals for the Purchasing department.
●Coordinated the development of automating a manual process of data entry from JDEdwards to Microsoft SharePoint, dramatically streamlined operations and increased productivity.
●Built a stronger, more cohesive retail store team able to consistently achieve sales growth.
●Formed excellent vendor relationships and forged mutually beneficial contracts for all principals.
●Led in dual roles as the Director of Purchasing and the Director of Retail Operations.

Store Manager, Darien, IL 2004 - 2007
●Directed store operations and 7 to 13 staff members.
●Delivered 10% growth 3 years consecutively by providing leadership.
●Generated $2.5M in 20 days by coordinating and managing the company tent sales, sourcing all aspects of football field-sized tent housing, 3000 items, and 24 cash registers.
●Maintained optimal levels of inventory.
●Guided productive relationships between the corporate office and retail store.
●Developed a new store inventory program that automated category management, cut excess levels of product on hand, and improved distribution from the warehouse to the sales floor.
●Wrote an operational manual currently in use as a reference for all new employees.
●Created a system to scan the entire store into plan-o-gram software.
●Facilitated event planning and management, promoted to Director as a result of this success.

Prior Experiences: Linens ‘N Things, Assistant Manager, Scholastic Book Fairs, Branch Manager, Office Depot, Store Manager, Assistant Manager, Sam’s Club, Assistant Manager

EDUCATION
Almeda University and College, Boise, ID
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration

TECHNOLOGIES & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Technologies: MS Office Suite, Windows, macOS, Google Sheets, Google Docs, Outlook, Windows, TLO, TrackOps, POS Systems, FedEx Shipping Software, UPS Shipping Software, AS400, JDEdwards, LogPro
Professional Development: Coursework Completed in Business Administration, Waubonsee Community College
Contact this candidate