PAUL B. REID
858-***-****
ad78my@r.postjobfree.com
Glendale, AZ 85305

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Strategic General Operations Manager leads by example, builds strong relationships and influences frontline staff to drive results.
Reliable candidate ready to take on challenges using problem-solving and task prioritization skills to help team succeed.
Stays on top of demands in fast-paced environments by effectively using slow periods. Maintains organized, clean, and safe work areas with diligent attention to important details.
Capable Executive Chef experienced working in challenging environments. Excited about opportunity to take next career step with Compass.

SKILLS

Employee Development
Financial Management
Task Delegation
Vendor Relationship Management
Coaching and Mentoring
Leadership
Hands on Approach
Culinary Skills

EXPERIENCE

Business Owner Food Truck
Self Employeed / Fat Mans BBQ LLC, Glendale, AZ, Jul 2023 - Current
Oversaw day-to-day activities to facilitate business operations.
Contacted existing and prospective clients to increase new and repeat business.
Outlined new business goals, objectives and action plans to fuel improvement.
Devised social media plans to drive digital marketing.
Maintained financial and administrative controls, accurately tracking funds and keeping records current.
Organized regular inventory counts to keep records accurate and identify supply needs or loss points.

Task force executive chef
Independent Contractor, Phoenix, AZ, Mar 2023 - Jul 2023
Large hotel assignments (Hilton Omaha) a 600 Room hotel
Assist with current staff morale
Mentor Executive Sous Chef to move into the role of Executive Chef
Organized the operation assist in the launch of a new menu
Oversee quality of product and presentation.
Implemented and enforced food safety, sanitation and hygiene policies to protect diners and kitchen staff.
Led and guided staff to improve overall kitchen operations.
Oversaw 1400+ meals per week, planning menus, developing specials and outlining plating instructions for cooks.
Monitored activities and stepped in to handle staff problems.

Executive Chef
Arizona Broadway Theatre, Peoria, AZ, Feb 2022 - Mar 2023
A dinner theater with off Broadway shows
The seating is maxed out at 420 people with 8 shows a week
Created new menus for every show with approximately 12-15 options from appetizers to desserts
The theater also had a banquet operation which I oversaw with a max of 400 people the dinner service was an hour and half to get all food to the guest
Duties included Toast programming, menu writing, scheduling, ordering, inventory, corrective counseling, P& L, and training
Implemented and enforced food safety, sanitation and hygiene policies to protect diners and kitchen staff.
Developed menus to meet customer preferences, seasonal offerings and cost objectives.
Managed responsibilities of line cooks to deliver prompt, fresh, and high-quality dishes to customers.
Reviewed cost and expenses to meet financial objectives.
Calculated food requirements and labor costs to keep expenses within moderate range.
Interviewed, hired and trained new kitchen staff to maintain strong workforce.
Facilitated high-volume rush periods with organized approach and excellent cooking abilities.
Oversaw 1600+ meals per week, planning menus, developing specials and outlining plating instructions for cooks.
Purchased ingredients and supplies to maintain adequate stock for peak periods.

Culinary Director
Bell Bank Park, Mesa, AZ, Jan 2016 - Feb 2022
From 2016-2022 Bell Bank, Winstar Casino and Salt River Fields were with the same company.
Oversaw 12 food trucks, 7 concession stands & a 700+ seat restaurant at the largest sporting facility in North America.
Outdoor concerts with remote food operations feeding on average 800-1000 ppl
Direct reports of 3 and 100-120 indirect reports on any given event
Protected personnel from potential foodborne illnesses by keeping kitchen work areas clean and sanitary.
Adapted standard recipes to new audiences with skilled use of substitute ingredients and new techniques.
Oversaw quality of raw materials, prepared ingredients and completed dishes.
Cooked food thoroughly following established recipes and good culinary practices.
Maintained high customer satisfaction with good conflict resolution skills and adequate employee coverage for expected demands.
Managed budget and oversaw expenses.
Complied with health and fire codes with strong oversight of food storage, preparation, and cleaning procedures.

Executive Chef / Traveling Executive Chef
Spectra / Salt River Fields, Scottsdale, AZ, Jan 2016 - Feb 2022
Oversee stadium sales with annual sales of 5-7 million dollars
Purchased and maintained all levels of product, including all food and dry goods for daily operations and special catering events
During off season travel to multiple properties to assist with culinary operations
Assist at multiple locations, openings, and takeover of new properties where the Executive Chef has been terminated or is non existing.
Demonstrated new cooking techniques and equipment to educate kitchen staff.
Reviewed cost and expenses to meet financial objectives.
Calculated food requirements and labor costs to keep expenses within moderate range.
Monitored activities and stepped in to handle staff problems.
Facilitated high-volume rush periods with organized approach and excellent cooking abilities.
Led and guided staff to improve overall kitchen operations.
Purchased ingredients and supplies to maintain adequate stock for peak periods.

Casino Executive Chef
Winstar World, Thackerville, OK, Jan 2016 - Feb 2022
Run two operations within the casino Grand Via Buffet with around 130-200 items and Red River Grill a smaller concept all al a carte
Oversaw 12 direct reports and 120 indirect reports

Developed menus to meet customer preferences, seasonal offerings and cost objectives.
Implemented and enforced food safety, sanitation and hygiene policies to protect diners and kitchen staff.
Oversaw 14000+ meals per week, planning menus, developing specials and outlining plating instructions for cooks.
Facilitated high-volume rush periods with organized approach and excellent cooking abilities.
Monitored activities and stepped in to handle staff problems.
Reviewed cost and expenses to meet financial objectives.
Led and guided staff to improve overall kitchen operations.

Executive Chef / F&B Manager
Hurst Conference Center / City of Hurst TX, Hurst, TX, Dec 2013 - Dec 2016
Hurst Conference Center
Oversaw the kitchen and Front of the house staff 25-30 people
With annual sales 3-5 million dollars
Develop new menus, Create custom menus for clients, and Cost controls, inventory
Maintain food cost of 27%-30% with labor cost at 6-10%
Train and develop staff
Set-up new vendors
Purchased and maintained all levels of product, including all food, dry goods, beverages (sodas, juices, mixers) and liquor (including all liquor service items) for daily operations and special catering events
Continue to help sales grow the business year after year
I assisted every year on the budget for upcoming year in the areas of my leadership and make capital purchased based on the needs of the building

Regional Executive Chef
Tavern Bowl, San Diego, CA, Jan 2012 - Dec 2013
Dec of 2013 the position was elimanated
Developed menus to meet customer preferences, seasonal offerings and cost objectives.
Responsible for overseeing 3 locations through San Diego
Develop new menus, Cost controls, inventory
Train and develop staff
Set-up new vendors ensure each location was in compliance with menu items
14 million annual sales
Facilitated high-volume rush periods with organized approach and excellent cooking abilities.
Monitored activities and stepped in to handle staff problems.

Executive Chef
Jackalope Ranch, Indio, CA, Nov 2011 - Dec 2012
BBQ / American Restaurant with seating for 750 people
Responsible for all aspects of the kitchen
9+ million annual sales
Labor and cost controls
Ordering, hiring, schedule
4 Direct reports and 15 in-direct
Developed menus to meet customer preferences, seasonal offerings and cost objectives.
Voted Best BBQ in the Desert by The Desert Sun newspaper
Second Place at the Indio Tamale Festival.
Implemented and enforced food safety, sanitation and hygiene policies to protect diners and kitchen staff.
Reviewed cost and expenses to meet financial objectives.
Evaluated staff performance to raise standards and improve service.
Managed responsibilities of line cooks to deliver prompt, fresh, and high-quality dishes to customers.
Managed employees schedules to guarantee optimal coverage based on service demand.
Interviewed, hired and trained new kitchen staff to maintain strong workforce.
Prepared delicious, fresh and visually-appealing entrees for discerning customers.

Executive Chef
Scotiabank Convention Center / Direct Energy Center Ricoh Coliseum, Niagara Falls, ON, Jan 2007 - Sep 2011
Transferred from Dallas Convention center with the company to become the opening Chef of the 200,000sqf convention center
I was the chef of two locations Scotiabank convention centre and Direct Energy Centre and Ricoh Coliseum 1,6 million sqf in Toronto, ON
Maintain high standards in all aspects of the business
Scotiabank convention centre is large catering house whereas Direct energy centre is 75% retail Very affective in both areas
Direct Reports of 35
Developed menus to meet customer preferences, seasonal offerings and cost objectives.
Implemented and enforced food safety, sanitation and hygiene policies to protect diners and kitchen staff.
Purchased ingredients and supplies to maintain adequate stock for peak periods.
Reviewed cost and expenses to meet financial objectives.
Interviewed, hired and trained new kitchen staff to maintain strong workforce.

Led and guided staff to improve overall kitchen operations.

Executive Sous Chef
Levy Restaurants, Airlines, DALLAS, TX, Mar 2006 - Dec 2007
Moved on to pursue another opportunity
Texas motor speedway/American Airlines Center, Chef responsible for 144 suites with
12million in revenue
Scheduling, new menu development, COS, labor cost and budget controls
Training of new employees in a classroom setting as well as on the job training
I was held accountable to very tight budgets as far as labor and purchasing
Assisted in numerous NASCAR races, Stanley Cup Playoffs & NBA Playoffs

EDUCATION

general: General studies
San Diego City College, San Diego CA, Jan 1995

General Studies
Daytona Beach Community College, Jan 1992

Associate in Science (A.S.): Culinary Arts
The school of Culinary Arts, TX, Jan 1998

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

High profile Events
World Series Detroit and St Louis traveled back and forth for each game
ASIS Convention 4000ppl plated 3 days (Dallas Convention Center)
PCMA Convention first all Compostable lunch for 3000ppl (Dallas Convention Center)
American Wind Energy 15,000ppl, 14,000ppl, 12,000ppl, 9,500ppl (Dallas Convention Center)
Cleveland Browns NFL opening day
Support opening of Pizza Hut Park Frisco, TX (Centerplate property)
NASCAR Races Texas Motor speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway
NFL 2011 Super Bowl Fan Jam
NBA All-Star jam session
NHL Stanley Cup Finals
Chef of three restaurants for the opening season of Petco Park (home of the San Diego Padres)
Opening Executive Chef Scotiabank Convention Centre
Honda Indy Street of Toronto, ON
Cover of Venue Today industry magazine

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

I went to culinary school at the Art institute in Phoenix, AZ and graduated at the top of my class, from there I moved back to my home in San Diego, CA where I was appointed to be the chef of three restaurants at Petco Park (home of the San Diego Padres) for the opening season in a new stadium. I was then transferred to Dallas, TX to be the Executive Sous Chef at American Airlines Center (home of the NBA Mavericks, and the NHL Stars). I have been in the sports and entertainment industry for 10yrs.before making a move to Convention Centers. I have made food for some very special events such as: The World series, President George Bush gala, the Stanley cup finals, the Grammies, and a number of NASCAR races. I relocated my Family to Canada where I was the Executive Chef of a new State of the art Convention Center. I have lived numerous places throughout the world Hawaii, Alaska, Germany, and other locations thru the USA I have won silver and bronze medals at culinary competition thru out the USA. I won Best grilled cheese sandwich at the Conscious food festival in Toronto and Best soup at the Soupalious food show. When opening the Scotiabank Convention Centre I made the cover of Venues Today May 2011 an industry magazine also articles in Meeting MPI Toronto July / August 2011 issue and many news paper articles. In the summer of 2011 while the Chef of the Scotiabank Convention Centre I was asked to take over as the Executive Chef of the Direct Energy Centre and Ricoh Coliseum a 1.7 million Sqf property in Toronto where I was the acting Chef at both locations and traveling between the two properties. In 200I I took the test to become certified by the American Culinary Federation as a Chef de cuisine. I am currently an Executive Chef for Spectra located in Phoenix AZ for our Spring training venue (AZ Diamondbacks and the Colorado Rockies). I have over the last two years been involved in the casino operation training employees at Coyote Valley in Ukiah CA and Foxwoods property in CT. I was also involved in an assessment at Lucky Eagle Casino.
Contact this candidate