EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
Augusta, Georgia
ad79k0@r.postjobfree.com
DESMOND LANHAM 762-***-****
Highly motivated Warehouse Manager with 25+ years of experience leading and developing high- performing warehouse and production teams. Proven ability to optimize productivity through effective workload allocation and meticulous inventory management, achieving 95% inventory accuracy. Possesses strong logistical expertise in receiving, packing, loading, and domestic/international shipping of materials, supplies, and equipment. Excellent communicator with a leadership style that fosters teamwork and a safe work environment. Leverages analytical skills to implement effective safety protocols and ensure all aspects of warehouse operations run smoothly and efficiently. Warehouse Foreman - 1994 to 2023
Supervised and managed the daily operations of the bulk warehouse, ensuring smooth functioning and efficiency. Coached and provided guidance to warehouse personnel (9-12 members) to enhance their performance and productivity. Maintained accurate inventory records, overseeing the recording and tracking of incoming imports and outgoing exports. Trained new workers, ensuring their understanding of warehouse procedures and expectations, leading to their successful integration into the team. Utilized Intermec scanners to efficiently pick and transport orders, supporting AS400 and Oracle JDE E1 systems. Achieved high levels of customer satisfaction by excelling in various aspects of warehouse operations, including receiving, identification, dispatching, certification, and quality assurance of products.
Fostered strong working relationships with manufacturing business units, customer service, and the planning department to ensure accurate order completion dates.
Inspected, tested, and performed maintenance and
repair of the Hawk continuous wave acquisition and Illuminator radar systems and peculiar test
equipment.
Scheduled preventative maintenance including
inspections and use of specialized test equipment. Strong organizational and time-
management skills
Exceptional communication and
interpersonal skills
Ability to work independently and as part
of a team
Detail-oriented and able to handle
multiple tasks simultaneously
Experience in managing people,
schedules and warehouses
Morgan Advanced Materials
US ARMY - Hawk Radar Repair 1985-1993
MILITARY EXPERIENCE
Augusta Technical College
Industrial Maintenance Degree
University of Maryland
General Studies
Climatic Home Products
Warehouse Manager - 2023 to Present
Using WMS Profit 21 to oversee daily operations of the warehouse from open to close. Leads warehouse operations by empowering team members to make decisions and fostering a culture of ownership. Leads the recruitment and onboarding process for warehouse staff, ensuring a qualified and well-trained team. Implements new warehouse management procedures that have resulted in a reduction in costs and improvement in efficiency.
Contact this candidate