Linda Mbele
**-** ****** ****** ***.*k
Flushing, NY 11355
ad793x@r.postjobfree.com
917-***-****
Work Experience:
Air Import Coordinator/ Temporary Position
Staff Finders - New York, NY
July 2023- September 2023
● Executed the day-to-day shipments originated and/or handled by the operations department, prioritize, scheduled and routed shipments and arrange for transportation throughout the United States and internationally and obtain Proof of Deliveries (POD) on all orders
● Produced all necessary documents, bills of lading, etc.
● Negotiated rates with carriers, vendors, and agents. Assist in the preparation and approval of rate quotes or shipment costing for internal and external customers.
● Communicated pending work and/or unresolved problems to shift personnel and the operations manager.
● Managed and maintained departmental administrative tasks such as accounting, reporting and recordkeeping in accordance with internal policies and state and federal regulations.
● Entered new accounts and maintenance on account files in Cargowise.
● Entered & maintained customer tariffs in domestic operating system
● Processed cargo manifests, calculated charges, and coordinated all areas of freight release.
● Proactively solicit customer feedback and provide innovative solutions to customer service issues/barriers
● Handled other duties as assigned by management.
Warehouse Associate/Contractor
WONOLO - New York, NY
June 2019 to Present
● Collecting merchandise from the distribution center and safely transporting
● Receiving and documenting merchandise for delivery or return materials to the loading dock
● Scanning labels to ensure products are shipped to the right destination Import Coordinator
Enchante Accessories - New York, NY
April 2019 to June 2019
• Compiling paperwork for payments, customers, customs clearance, etc.
• Updated and maintained records and reports.
• Checked documents for accuracy and correctness.
• Communicated with overseas agents, vendors, sales team and customers. Import Coordinator
Sea and Air International - New York, NY
September 2016 to August 2017
● Communicate and coordinate with overseas agents on shipment arrangement.
● Provide customer service and promote a positive relationship with clients.
● Work effectively with others in a team-based environment to accomplish
● company goals, in accordance with company policies and standard operation procedures.
● Proceed all ISF filings for all ocean import shipments. Checking for accuracy of all information received
from overseas and correct if necessary or request clarifications from overseas agents.
● Ensure accurate and timely data entry into the operating system.
● Track and trace shipment and notify customers when it is necessary. Import Customer Service Representative
Unipac Shipping
September 2015 to December 2015
• Coordinate with various parties to arrange ocean freight
• Coordinated total inbound pipeline from point of origin overseas through to delivery at importer's
● door.
• Manage delivery carriers, dealt with CFS and coordinated other import operations
• Researched and analyzed best route and rate according to customer requirements and established
● procedures.
• Scheduled, booked and followed up with delivery truckers. Customer Service/Client Service Representative
Pride Staff
June 2013 to December 2014
● Answering up to a 100 calls per day, assisting with technical and product based questions for their web based financial platform.
● Corresponded with customers via email and live chat as well.
Contact this candidate