TH
TIFFANY HAMILTON
ad7bb5@r.postjobfree.com 732-***-**** Plainﬁeld, NJ 07060
Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working eﬀectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. Retail Operations Management
Operations Management
Recruiting and Interviewing
Marketing Knowledge
Interpersonal Communication
Product Assembly
Mavis Tire Basking Ridge, NJ
Assistant Manager
10/2022 - Current
Assisted in the development of operational strategies to ensure eﬃcient and productive operations.
Provided guidance and support to junior staﬀ members on daily tasks, projects, and objectives.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of company products and services. Supervised receiving and stockroom activities to identify opportunities with inventory and prevent shrinkage.
Somerset Woods Rehabilitation Center
Somerset, NJ
Housekeeping Coordinator
02/2022 - 07/2023
Conducted weekly staﬀ meetings to ensure housekeeping tasks were completed in a timely manner.
Created and maintained detailed records of all housekeeping activities, supplies, and personnel.
Trained new housekeeping staﬀ on proper cleaning techniques and safety protocols.
Blue Apron Linden, NJ
Line Packer
04/2017 - 05/2017
Assembled, packed and sealed boxes for shipment.
Operated automated box-ﬁlling machines in order to package products quickly and eﬃciently.
Inspected ﬁlled orders to ensure products met quality standards prior to shipping.
Fashion Forward LLC Plainﬁeld, New
Jersey
Owner/Operator
04/2013 - 03/2017
Analyzed market trends and customer feedback to identify opportunities for growth.
Developed business plan and budget to maximize proﬁtability. Maintained relationships with vendors and suppliers in order to secure favorable terms on materials and services.
Loreal Cosmetics Clark, NJ
Assembly Line Worker
02/2007 - 01/2008
Assembled components of a variety of products, adhering to production speciﬁcations.
Inspected ﬁnished products for quality assurance purposes. Monitored assembly line operations and identiﬁed any issues or problems that arose.
Summary
Skills
Experience
All About Care, LLC Cedar Bridge, NJ
Home Health Aide
Assisted with personal care activities, such as bathing, dressing and grooming.
Changed bed linens and maintained a clean living environment for the client's safety.
Helped clients move in bed, stand or walk using proper body mechanics techniques.
Plainﬁeld School System Plainﬁeld, NJ
GED
01/2021
Education and Training
Contact this candidate