TASKS & RESPONSIBILITIES
. Managing all the operations
Monitoring the actual Vs The planned
cost schedule comparing by the
accomplished targets and reporting
the progress.
Following up the complete operations
process from start to end such as land
preparation, crop services, and
harvesting, loading.
Monitoring the actual equipment’s
productivity rates for getting the
maximum applicable benefits.
Designing the formats & following up
the schedules for doing the
preventative maintenance to keep all
the machines running with high
performance.
Evaluating & training the operators /
Engineers on the right methods for
the optimal operation after receiving
training courses .
Managing all the
operations
(machinery, employees, resources
etc. in parallel with the safety
procedures in all sites related to the
production wheel.
WORK EXPERIENCE
[Almagd Group for Investment–AMG][Operations Manager] 15-Sep-2023 Up to now.
I was involved in assigning the needed specs for the new tractors and equipment before arranging the purchasing order.
Forming a new operation Department for Almagd & Managing all the staff, equipment, tractors and heavy equipment for roads construction which assigned to the Farm–Minya–Egypt”.
Arranging plans & the needed studies for carrying out the new projects related to the machinery operations, man power and other resources connecting that with the cost chart.
[Trans Orient for Marketing – TOM] [Assistant Director Operations Engineer]
03-Sep-2020 to 30-Aug-2023 .
TOM “Branch from Al Khorayef Group” is one of the best agencies in Egypt, TOM has the exclusive agency for the following brands “John deer tractors, MACHALE, HOLLMER, MASCIO GASPARDO, BREDAL, Farm track Tractors Western pivots, Volvo Generators and Gulf power Pumps “. Arranging plans & the needed studies for carrying out the new projects related to the machinery operations, man power and other resources connecting that with the cost chart.
Responsible of a premium services & full operation provided by TRIMBLE GPS technology for many crops as Sugar Beat, Hay, wheat, Barley, Corn Etc., Planting 11000 acres in 2020 & 17500 acres in 2021 of Sugar beet as main crop in Canal Sugar Company that have the biggest Sugar beet factory all over the world.
[Giza for Seeds and Herbs] [Operations Manager]
21-AUG-2018 To 25- Jun-2020.
Managing all the harvesting operations and the production wheel in all the sites for Giza Company in Egypt.
Using machinery around 26 Agriculture tractors, John Deere “from 90 to 370 HP”
& 16 agriculture equipment.The main Crop is BASEL,6000 acre of none stop production wheel around the year.
[Elowainat Oasis Agriculture Company] [Workshop Manager] 20-Oct-2016 To 1-Aug-2018.
Responsible for all the machinery maintenance “ Repairing & Preventive” Arranging the needed spare parts & the purchasing requests for all the equipment and keep the minimum stock level always available. Responsible for all the agriculture operations “Land preparation, spraying, planting, inter row cultivating & fertilizing, harvesting, Proceeding operations for 10000 acres of Peanut.
Elowainat Oasis was harvesting 10000 acre of Peanut in only 75 day. I was Acting as site manager,” responsible for the following:
The complete harvesting operations.
The repairing and preventive maintenance for the machinery.
All the admin & the HR matters related to the employees.

TRAINING & COURSES
Trans Orient for Marketing, TOM “ Al- Khorayef Group ” 2019 Training in operation and doing Maintenance for Equipment Such as:
TRIMBLE software advanced TMX 2050.
John deer tractors and Combine models (6125 M,6135B,6195M, 9560 R, 9570R). MASCIO GASPARDO Equipment As: Planter ( MTR 12 Row), Inter row cultivator (12 Row), seed drill Seeder
( scatenata)& Etc
Bredal Equipment As: Spreader ( F 8 & F4).
Hardi Sprayers “ Commander 4500 i ”
BEDNAR Equipment As: Combination Chesil ( Terrel Ando 6000), Swifter (1200)
Received an advanced Training course of Master Excel.
Prepare for PMP exams.
Prepare for IELTS exams
Attend training in Research Qasasin agricultural mechanization:
The Training course contained the following points: Operation, optimal setting and adjustments.
Detailed explanation of the mechanic & hydraulic systems. Maintenance and service.
CAD (2 D ) mechanic design at GS …… .Zagazeg 2015 .
Solid Works Basics : mechanical design at Egy cet Zagazeg 2015.
Contact this candidate