E D U C ATION
BACHELOR OF
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Art Institute of Fort
Lauderdale
August 1999 to June 2004
(Attended did not
graduate)
GED
Coconut Creek High
School
August 1995 to May 1999
Steven Vancil
S U M M A R Y
Result oriented Operations Manager with 18 years of experience at Hertz. A dedicated leader with a proven track record in optimizing day to day operations, enhancing efficiency, and developing exceptional customer service. Skilled in team management, process optimization, and achieving financial objectives. Committed to ensuring client satisfaction and upholding safety and quality standards.
WORK E X P E R I E N C E
OPERATIONS MANAGER
Hertz Corporation Gainesville, FL
February 2006 – Present
• Provide comprehensive leadership to non-exempt airport employees, ensuring optimal operating performance, customer satisfaction, and a positive employee culture.
• Manage budget allocation and cultivate positive vendor relations to support operational needs.
• Drive fleet availability and revenue generation strategies to meet business objectives.
• Develop and implement sales training programs to enhance staff performance and achieve sales targets.
• Provide ongoing coaching and support to sales team members to improve their skills and maximize their potential.
• Direct day-to-day operations of a Hertz location, including staff management, customer satisfaction initiatives, and enforcement of safety and security protocols.
• Instrumental in achieving location's financial goals and objectives through strategic planning and execution.
Key Achievements:
• Successfully maintained profitability for the Gainesville location during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, while other Hertz locations nationwide operated at a deficit.
• Achieved the highest Net Promoter Score (NPS) in the Southeast region for the 4th quarter of 2023 and maintained a position in the top 10 airport locations nationwide throughout the entirety of 2023. MULTIDEPARTMENT MANAGER
Target Corals Springs, FL
May 1995 to December 2005
• Led cross-functional teams across sales, inventory, and customer service departments, fostering collaboration and driving consistent performance.
• Implemented effective inventory control measures, resulting in reduced stock discrepancies and improved operational efficiency.
• Cultivated a positive work environment, motivating staff to exceed performance targets and deliver exceptional service. Key Achievements:
• Created a program for tracking high theft items, resulting in the capture of numerous theft rings in the immediate area.
• Managed merchandise transition during the closure of the store as a new Super Target was opened, ensuring all items were properly packed and prepared for the transition to the new location.
C O N TACT
386-***-****
ad7d7h@r.postjobfree.com
S K I L L S /
K N O W L E D G E
Bilingual (Spanish Advanced
Proficiency ACTFL)
MS Office (Word, Excel,
Outlook, PowerPoint,
Sharepiont, and Teams)
Payroll (ADP)
Procurement (Concur, and
Oracle)
Tableau Reporting
C E R T I F I C ATIONS
CPR and AED Certified
(Current 2024)
AWARDS
Eagle Scout, Boy Scouts
of America
Contact this candidate