ANTONIO COOKSEY
Phone: 314-***-**** email: ad7e0t@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Proactive Operations Manager with the ability to work with all departments and deliver accurate information. Specializes in departmental business planning, budgeting, safety and personnel resource allocation. Strong track record of taking initiative to drive departmental growth.

15+ years of Operation Management Over 10 years of EH&S Experience
Process Safety Management Supply Chain Management Experience
ISO 14000 & ISO 9001:2008 Quality Control
Lean Manufacturing Warehousing, Inventory Control, and Logistics
CGMP Environments SAP and Peoplesoft Experience

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Chemistry Grambling State University, Louisiana
Executive Master’s Degree in Business Administration Centenary College, Louisiana

United States Army Veteran
Desert Shield/Desert Storm War
Louisiana Army National Guard

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Chemtrade Logistics Water Chem Division (East St. Louis, IL) 2023 - Present
Operation Manager
Manage all daily operation, logistics for water treatment production areas in the facility
Manage over 40 union employees
Have oversight on all quality in lab and the development of SOP for operation
Facilitate train rail loading and unloading of hazard material (acids)
Responsible for OEE tracking for operation
Proficient in SAP operation
Managed major plant project and turnarounds
Dealt with environmental and safety issues on all levels in operation

Bayer Corporation Crop Science Division (St. Louis, MO) 2020 - 2023
Supply Chain Manager (ST Louis Corp office)
Manage 5 major crop movement and packaging across the United States
Directing all phase of supply from sourcing inventory, planning and packaging of five (5) crops
Facilitate the movement of corn and soybean crops from South America for packaging and distribution in United States
Efficient in SAP operation and forecasting application.
Define clear targets and objectives for continuous improvement in weekly team meetings.
Manage weekly Tier meeting with planners, manufacturing plants, and distribution centers.

Quality Compliance and Continuous Improvement Manager (Manito, IL)
Manage the Quality compliance and continuous improvement operation and projects for three sites in two states Illinois and Michigan.
Manage and implement quality standards for the Parent Seed Division and developing standard operation procedure (SOP)
Worked with ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems
Worked with all sites on addressing root cause analysis (RCA) on quality issues in the Crop Science Division
Implemented and managed the OnePss lean culture, for continuous improvement across three sites
Trained technician on ISO procedure and managed all training records
Conducted internal and external ISO audit across the Parent Seed Division

US Steel Corp.--Granite City, IL (Laid off during Covid) 2018 - 2020
Operation Excellent Specialist
Applied lean manufacturing and continue improvement techniques within departments.
Conduct analysis related to gaps between current state and future state and recommend courses of action utilizing proven, data-driven methodologies to address root causes, process inefficiencies and areas for opportunity.
Lead lean “quick win” engagements, including experimenting, measuring results, and implementing incremental solutions.
Facilitate improvement engagements and develop positive working relationships with stakeholders and project teams to drive change in a positive manner.
Participated in procurement of new equipment in and out of our facility.
Participate in project engagements as a process improvement expert, consult with project teams, coach project managers, drive data-driven improvement efforts within project frame work.

Wesco Aircraft--Hazelwood, MO 2015 - 2017
Program Manager/Operation Manger
Daily responsibilities over day to day EH&S services for clients
Provide hardware and chemical management support to clients on site
Provided procurement services for the client for hardware and chemicals
Conduct onsite safety training for staff
Maintain records and support for clients on local, state and federal ISO-14000 and OSHA audits.
Sourcing strategies warehouse with inbound and outbound operation

ZEP Corporation—Dallas, TX (Relocated to ST. Louis, MO) 2007 - 2011
Value Stream Manager
Was responsible for the leadership and training of 40 employees. Accountable for production P&L, KPI standards, purchasing of raw materials, daily scheduling, Quality Control/Quality Assurance (QC/QA) lab, and ISO-9001:2008.
Led kaizen teams to improve lean manufacturing practice in Single Minute Exchange Die (SMED), Standard- work, Total Productive Maintenance (TPM), and Kanban processes.
Was responsible for projects that resulted in lowering labor cost by $125,000/year, and 45% raw material inventory cost.
Overseen production line in powders, lubricants, solvents, and work with environmental waste disposal.
Managed daily plant operations with the usage of SAP software and led the Lean organizational transformation process of publicly traded industrial chemical manufacturing company.

NCH Corporation—Dallas, TX 2002 - 2006
Production/Export Shipping Manager
Oversaw the daily operations and transformation for industrial chemical manufacturing company.
Managed three supervisors and 60 employees in a non-union environment. Controlled production scheduling and was responsible for P&L.
Maintained export shipping operation of equipment and chemicals from the United States to 13 countries worldwide.
Established procedures using Lean manufacturing practices and established a 98% on-time delivery rate to daily customers.
Overseen production of fertilizers, pesticides, lubricants, chemical additives.

Harris Stowe State University 2012 - 2018
Adjunct Professor, College of Business
Contact this candidate