Kurtiss W. Jones
Algonac, Michigan
Cell 810-***-****
ad7fgi@r.postjobfree.com

I have many years of experience in Maintenance and Tool and Die. I have travelled to Japan, Korea and Mexico on tool follow up and tryout I have been a Manager of Maintenance and Tool and Die for over 25 years. I have had hands on repair of Mechanical, Servo and Hydraulic presses. I have also had hands on repair of all types of dies including Progressive, Line, Transfer and class “A” dies. My experience has included automation (robotic and transfer), weld cell build, estimating and design, assessment of print specifications, review of dies to build standards (with strong emphases on tool construction) and all aspects of program management from the receipt of a part print to customer approval. My experience has also included program follow-up and repair of tooling in Mexico, U.S.A. Korea and Japan.

Hatch Stamping

12/2022-04/2024
Corporate tool Engineer

Duties-
Review new customer part prints for estimating.
Work with cost estimating on prices.
Work with tool shops to develop best design.
Review and approve simulations.
Review 50% die design.
Review 100% die design.
Follow build concepts and tooling time lines.
Track percentage of completion.
Review parts at quality loop1 or first die hits.
Approve die completion and quality parts at tool shop before die is shipped to designated plant.
Work with tool shop and plant quality to insure 100% to part print and die runs to expectations.

Sodecia
Roseville

10/2019- 12/2022
Tool Room Manager

Duties
Supervise and direct plant staff in the area of die repair, maintenance and setup
Implementation of all tool programs and follow-up at plant level
Supervise repair and maintenance activities so that die principals established by design and production demands are enforced.
Automation standards implementations and maintenance
Attend daily meetings with plant personnel to ensure production demands.
Review and approve die/equipment repairs and cost.
Provide and support continuous improvement implementation.
Ensure all tools are scheduled for preventative maintenance.
Establish yearly budget.
Accountable for all die repair cost established by the plant budget and cost controls.

Shiloh Industries
(Warren/Roseville Plants)

2015-2019
In January I resumed my role as Engineering and Maintenance Manager for both the Warren and Roseville Plants.
Plant Mgr.– From April 2017 to January 2018 I was the Plant Manager (VSM) at the Shiloh Roseville plant as well as the Engineering and Maintenance Manager for the Warren and Roseville Plants.

Maintenance/Engineering Manager
Provide the leadership to maintain the highest standard of efficiency and morale in
the areas of maintenance and engineering departments.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
1. Confer with management, production, maintenance and quality to discuss project specifications and procedures.
2. Coordinate and direct projects, making detailed plans to accomplish goals and directing the integration of technical activities.
3. Analyze technology and resource needs to plan and assess the feasibility of projects.
4. Plan and direct the installation, testing, operation, maintenance, and repair of facilities and equipment.
5. Direct, review, and approve product design and changes.
6. Recruit employees, assign, direct, and evaluate their work, and oversee the development and maintenance of staff competence.
7. Analyze, define and provide additional training required by department personnel.
8. Prepare present and explain budget and project proposals
9. Maintain all equipment (presses, feeders and Weld Cells)
10. Ensure all spare parts are available as required.

Destaco
(Auburn Hills, MI)

Manufacturing Engineer / Toolroom Supervisor 2014 – 2015
Maintain and repair of all equipment including air compressors, driers, stamping presses and spinning machines
The repair and maintenance of all dies
Schedule production utilizing the Oracle system
Communize part numbers to reduce inventory and reduce coil inventory.

MartinRea- Hot Stamping
(Detroit, Michigan)

Maintenance Manager 2009 – 2013
Started out as Tool room Supervisor
In one month I was made Maintenance and Tool room Supervisor.
In 2011 I was made Production Superintendant
2 months later I was made Operations Manager
In 2012 I took the position as Maintenance Manager
I had 3 maintenance supervisors and 20 skilled trades working for me
I was responsible for regular plant maintenance and all Preventive Maintenance of Hydraulic presses, Mechanical presses, Amino Servo presses and all robotic weld cells
Attend 2 daily production meetings
Write capital expenditures for new or rebuilt equipment
Set yearly budgets for new and existing equipment
Manage 3 maintenance supervisors with 20 skilled trades
Responsible for new equipment integration
Review (MP2) Preventive Maintenance sheets

DTI (Diversified Technologies International)
(Detroit, MI)

Tool Engineer 2008 – 2009
On-site consulting with tool shops in the USA and Korea to review and approve die designs
On-site consulting with tool shops in the USA and Korea for final runoff and approval of tooling,
Trouble shoot tooling problems
On-site consulting with customer plants to do run off of new tooling programs
Trouble shoot and repair dies in customer plants

Central Stamping - Division of Narmco Group
(Windsor, ONT)

Tooling Manager 1994 – 2008
Supervise and direct plant staff in the area of die repair, maintenance and setup
Implementation of all tool programs and follow-up at plant level
Supervise repair and maintenance activities so that die principals established by design and production demands are enforced
Automation standards implementations and maintenance
Attend weekly meeting with plant personnel to ensure production demands.
Review and approve die/equipment repairs and cost
Provide and support continuous improvement implementation
Ensure all tools are scheduled for preventative maintenance
Establish yearly budget
Accountable for all die repair cost established by the plant budget and cost controls

Narmco
(Windsor, ONT)

Corporate Tooling Engineer 1990 - 1994
Review and approve die/equipment designs
Review the print specifications and other documentation for project requirements
Review build status and compliance to Narmco standards at tooling vendors
Work with tooling vendors to ensure programs meet timelines
Ensure all parts meet or exceed customer requirements
Rate tooling vendors on quality and delivery for future programs
Follow die tryout at Narmco facility until part/equipment is approved by customer

Mechanical Designs & Engineering Electroplating & Metal Finishing
Basic Business Principles Industrial Psychology Human Relations in Industries
Personnel Management CAD/CAM/Auto CAD

Fluid Power Industrial Hydraulics Statistical Process Control
References:

Luai Khalil (Plant Manager Shiloh Industries, Warren and Roseville Plants) 586-***-****

Bernie Sturgen (VSM Shiloh Industries, Warren Plant) 843-***-****)

Damian Pica (Operations Manager, Sodecia Roseville) 586-***-****
Contact this candidate