RONALD J. DOHERTY
*** ********** *****
North Brunswick, New Jersey 08902
732-***-****
ad7gle@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY of QUALIFICATIONS: A highly motivated, self-starting Facilities and Maintenance Manager with exceptional organizational and communication skills. Recognized as a consistently productive team leader and member who can train, mentor, and motivate teams to similarly high levels of work. A solid problem solver who will always add to the team’s effectiveness, and to the bottom line.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: August 2016 – Present Working Buildings
Director Transitional Operations
Provide transitional operations support to owners’ groups and facility operators. Providing facility operations support for the University of Louisville Physical Plant Department at cGMP cell therapy and CAR-T manufacturing clean rooms on the University of Louisville campus. Manage ongoing maintenance and calibrations, perform project management. Interface with the Manufacturing, Quality Assurance and Quality Control teams. Issue maintenance work orders as required Providing Facility and Maintenance Management support at the Alabama Public Health Laboratory in Prattville Alabama. Manage work order/asset management CMMS.
Provided facilities transitional support to the UAB Cyclotron PET cGMP Production Facility and Nuclear Pharmacy regulated under USP 797. This work included developing SOPs to be used by the university Facilities Department to support the PET cGMP Production Facility and Nuclear Pharmacy, provided training on developed SOPs. Developed preventive maintenance procedures and job plans to ensure required preventive maintenance was performed on both direct and indirect impact equipment supporting the Cyclotron PET Production Facility and Nuclear Pharmacy. Provided assistance to integrate the university CMMS to include assets which support the cGMP facilities, as well to utilize the developed preventive maintenance procedures and job plans. Performed tours of mechanical spaces and identified deficiencies, tracked open issues to completion. Provided Facilities Transitional services at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda Maryland. Worked with the Facilities Department (DFOM) to assist in the operations and maintenance of an aseptic USP 797 Pharmacy, and cGMP cell therapy labs. Developed SOPs and provided training on developed SOPs, assisted DFOM in the performance of facility tours to identify deficiencies in the Pharmacy and cell therapy labs. Identified discrepancies and worked with the facilities staff to develop root cause for out of specification occurrences as identified by the Environmental Monitoring System. Performed repairs in the pharmacy and cell therapy labs.
Assist in the recertification of BSL-3 diagnostic laboratories in New Jersey, New York City, Washington DC, Pennsylvania.
Perform business development to expand the company’s client portfolio. November 2015 – August 2016 SIEMENS HEALTHCARE Flanders, NJ Senior Manager Facilities
Responsible for a 300,000 square foot combination manufacturing and R&D facility. Directly manage all aspects of operating a cGMP instrument manufacturing facility, this includes managing the activities of a contracted Facility Management provider. Manufacturing regulated under 21 CFR Part 820.
Manage the Metrology, Asset Management, and Validation activities to ensure compliance with all FDA regulations and company procedures. This activity includes ensuring all equipment and tooling have been calibrated and preventive maintenance activities are performed by the required due dates. Responsible for the management of a $6,000,000 Facilities budget and a $200,000 Office Services budget.
Develop procedures and work instructions as required to ensure compliance with Siemens global procedures.
Work with the site EHS business partner to perform job safety assessments as required by job type.
Résumé of RONALD J. DOHERTY
Work with Architects and Engineers for any facility modification or expansion activities.
June 2013- November 2015 WORKING BUILDINGS Atlanta Ga. Deputy Director Facilities
Performing system survey’s and developing solutions to correct deficiencies in the mechanical systems supporting cGMP manufacturing clean rooms at the University of Louisville. Work consisted of developing solutions and oversaw the work of facility staff and contracted services. Developed SOP’s for Regenerex which direct the actions of, preventive maintenance documentation, utility shutdowns, and alarm response.
Oversee the operations and maintenance of the NJPHEAL Laboratory Building, West Trenton NJ. Leading effort to assemble proposal for the Facilities Management RFP to be issued by the State of New Jersey. Work on projects to expand the company’s business in the Facility Management field .Troubleshoot complex building operational and equipment problems on company commissioning projects. Develop policies and procedures for company operated facilities and customers.
Provided transitional operations services at the newly constructed University of South Alabama Infectious Disease Research Laboratory. This laboratory includes both BSL2 and BSL3 classified laboratories. Oversaw work performed by the original construction management company to correct deficiencies found during systems commissioning. Involved in the performance of precertification testing prior to the site inspection by the Center for Disease Control. Instituted the use of a CMMS at the facility. Wrote all preventative maintenance procedures and schedules. Entered all asset information into the CMMS. Provided training for the University Building Manager and Facilities staff on the operation and maintenance of the facility.
Lead the development of a proposal to answer the Facility Management RFP from the State of New Jersey for the facility management of the NJPHEAL Public Health Laboratory. Working Buildings was the successful bidder for this RFP and was awarded a $15MM three-year contract with the option for two additional years. Directly developed the operating budget for the proposal, as well as securing the required subcontractors. Currently managing the implementation of this Facility Management contract.
June 2010 – June 2013 WORKING BUILDINGS, NJPHEAL Laboratory Building, West Trenton, NJ Senior Operations Manager
Responsible for the transition to operation of the State of New Jersey NJPHEAL Laboratory building. Presently working towards preparing procedures to operate the building. Duties also include building systems commissioning, as well as QA/QC. Directly responsible for the hiring of Boiler Operators to operate the buildings boilers, responsible for management of one Documentation Specialist, one Building Engineer, two Facilities Operations Technicians, one Safety and Compliance officer. Responsible for all building operations and systems. Responsible for the hiring of additional operations and maintenance staff. Perform as project and construction liaison between Construction Managers, Design Engineers and building owners. Perform design review on all new projects associated with the lab building. Responsible for operational management of the JCI Metasys building automation system. Responsible for the operational management of the Phoenix Laboratory Air Control system.
Responsible for the safe and efficient operation of BSL2 and BSL3 laboratories, to include all support equipment such as Cold Rooms, Freezers, Autoclaves, HEPA filtration systems, Bio-Safety Cabinets.
Manage the operation and maintenance of emergency and standby generator systems.
Develop scope for and manage all vendor service contracts. Coordinate vendor services to ensure all required system inspections are performed, such as fire panel and sprinkler systems, backflow preventers, boiler inspections.
Provide customer service for the laboratories 200 occupants. April 2010 – May 2010 RUTGERS UNIVERSITY, New Brunswick, New Jersey Cogen Plant Operator (Temporary Position)
Responsible for the operation of a 13.5 MW cogeneration plant, including Résumé of RONALD J. DOHERTY
maintaining logs, performing, and documenting operational tours. Responding to upsets in equipment operation.
1992–2010 MERCK & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, Rahway, New Jersey 2003-2010 HVAC Superintendent
Responsible for managing the Mechanical Group (in the HVAC Department), including assisting with the hiring process and with specific training requirements. Directly supervised, mentored, and evaluated first line Supervisors of Mechanics
(each with 10 reports), a Planner/Scheduler, an HVAC/R Engineer, and the Refrigerant Compliance Officer.
Assisted powerhouse personnel with the operation of equipment used in the supply of site utilities. Worked with powerhouse personnel to ensure coordination of optimal chiller plant equipment operation with powerhouse demands. Ensured efficient operation of turbine generators. Also ensured operation remained below peak megawatt demands established for the year.
Managed 3 Area Engineers in overseeing centrifugal, absorption, and screw compressor chiller operations to include all ancillary equipment (cooling towers, pumps, automation systems, etc.). Also responsible for all HVAC in assigned facilities. Managed 40,000 tons of refrigeration (HVAC and process cooling). Also managed Chiller Plant Energy Conservation Programs, and the Site Crisis Load Shedding Program.
Developed and coordinated direct work assignments for group managed projects as well as group weekly workload distribution.
Coordinated regularly scheduled and emergency maintenance of all related equipment and oversaw upgrades and modifications. Managed the Group Safety and Environmental Compliance initiatives and functioned as liaison to the Departmental Union/Management Safety Committee.
Directly negotiated contracts with vendors. Prepared numerous scope documents to closely denote expectations and responsibilities.
Additionally, assisted the Department Head with managing Bargaining Unit contract issues. Managed labor period costs within predetermined limits. Provided support and troubleshot issues on the Andover BAS (site). Managed the HESS (corporate) Demand Reduction Response, and HVAC Department usage of the Maximo CMMS. Oversaw management of cGMP maintenance compliance, and HVAC/R ODC policy compliance.
• Commended for improving operational efficiencies and reducing overtime.
• Significantly reduced safety failures and ran a recent 12-month period with no loss-time injuries or OSHA recordables.
• Recognized for superior organizational, communication and interpersonal skills.
• Commended for excellent problem-solving capabilities and for consistently recognizing, defining, and resolving a broad range of issues. 2000–2003 Utility Project Coordinator/Powerhouse Mechanical Coordinator Coordinated site building and utilities projects on the 90-acre site with 100+ buildings. Functioned as liaison between site groups and project teams. Reviewed and approved drawings, equipment specifications, bid packages, basis of design documents and final design documents. Attended design review and coordination meetings. Performed field walkthroughs of active construction projects identifying and resolving issues, and ensuring adherence to plans and specifications, OSHA and EPA rules and regulations.
Managed two large building projects, a 2,000-ton chiller facility, and a steam, steam condensate, chilled water, plant air main utility construction project. Functioned as Mechanical Coordinator for the Rahway site powerhouse. Scheduled repair and maintenance of powerhouse equipment (including boiler turnarounds, feed water pumps, feed water treatment equipment, etc.). Résumé of RONALD J. DOHERTY
• Promoted to HVAC Superintendent because of consistently strong performance evaluations and range of managerial and technical capabilities. 1998–2000 Automation Engineer
Provided support for the Andover (site) 40,000-point BAS. Performed troubleshooting and repair, down to the end device level. Worked with union mechanics and performed all repairs needed to maintain reliable site operation. Maintained and repaired Phoenix air flow control valves. Provided tech support to Control Room mechanics, shift supervisor, the rotating shift and day mechanics. Personally, provided on-the-job training to develop reliable and effective HVAC mechanic skills. Participated in project meetings to identify and implement energy savings.
1996–1998 HVAC Shift Supervisor
Supervised, trained, and mentored 4 Shift Mechanics and a Control Room Operator and managed shift operations. Provided emergency response for site buildings and systems as needed. Operated chillers in accordance with cooling demands, and operated manufacturing chillers to supply uninterrupted chilled brine for process operations.
Issues work repair and maintenance work orders. Coordinated efforts with site security and fire units. Issues permits for daily shutdowns and repairs. Provide Lockout/Tagout for HVAC equipment. Also manage the HVAC control room activities. Also provide first response support for all daily HVAC related emergencies.
1992–1996 HVAC Mechanic
Responsible for repair and maintenance of the HVAC system at the Rahway site, including components and auxiliary equipment (including cold boxes, refrigerators, cold storage facilities, master controllers, network devices, stand-alone terminal controllers, end devices), D/X type split air conditioning systems, and Honeywell pneumatic control systems and components. Calibrated static pressure transmitters, temperature elements, switches, and controls. Also maintained/repaired lab air flow and pressurization equipment (including VAV boxes and Phoenix control valves. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: U.S. AIR FORCE/NJ AIR NATIONAL GUARD, McGuire AFB, New Jersey Master Sergeant (Retired)
Supervised the HVAC Shop in the 108th Civil Engineering Squadron. Deployed to worldwide locations to provide support for construction activities at U.S. Air Force bases.
EDUCATION: Completed hundreds of courses through and by Merck including up-to-date SAP training, OSHA and EPS related coursework, 1992-2010. U.S.A.F. Technical School, Sheppard AFB, Texas
Completed coursework as an HVAC/Refrigeration Technician. 1981 Successful completion of the 5th Annual International High Containment Operations and Maintenance Workshop September 19 – 23, 2011 National Microbiology Laboratory, Biorisk management Canadian Science Centre for Human and Animal Health Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada Completed OSHA 10-Hour Construction Safety and Health program in 2018 LICENSURE & CERTIFICATIONS:
• Blue Seal Boiler Operator’s License-State of New Jersey
• Red Seal Refrigeration Operator’s License-State of New Jersey
• Universal Refrigerant License
• Certificate for the safe handling of refrigerant R410a. REFERENCES: References will be furnished upon request.
Contact this candidate