EXPERIENCE
Shipping & Receiving Clerk
JcPenny Logistics 24’
Assisted the shipping and receiving PEP department using the RF scan gun, warehouse management system, loading and unloading trucks and pallets, and maintaining the conveyor belt system. Quality Control Technician
Decostar 23’
As an automotive inspector, I inspected car parts for defects and ensured proper labeling. I improved part rotation from negligible to eight rotations and efficiently cleared a w arehouse of backlogged parts w ithin tw o w eeks, expediting the department's operations and preventing its closure.
Operations Manager
Taps 20-23’
I oversaw marketing objectives, secured media contracts, organized community events, managed the kitchen and bar, kept inventory and financial records, and handled payroll distribution. Textile Machine Operator
World Emblem 20-21’
As a machine operator, I stitched designs on uniforms, checked for defects, and ensured accuracy. I packed and shipped items after final approval of each piece and maintained clearing any backlogged items to keep production efficient.
Machine Operator
Cornerstone Building Brands 20’
As a machine operator, I produced garage doors using heavy and non-heavy fabrication machinery. I received extensive training to operate advanced equipment and perform machine maintenance checks for optimal efficiency.
MEMBERSHIPS
Phi Theta Kappa Intl’ Honor Society
National Society of Professional Engineers
American Management Association
Georgia Society of Professional Engineers
EDUCATION
Missouri University of Science and Technology
Bachelor of Science Fall 24’
Honors Academy student. Received full-ride scholarships from Phi Theta Kappa, Partners in Excellence, and Merit for BS in Computer Engineering at Missouri University S&T for Fall 2024 term. Georgia Piedmont Technical College
Applied Associate of Science Summer 24’
Currently enrolled in GPTC’s Electrical and Computer Engineering Technology program for the Summer 2024 term.
Three Rivers Community College
Associate of Science 23-24’
2024 Dean’s List. I have maintained a 4.0 GPA during my pre- engineering associate degree program for four consecutive semesters.
University of Minnesota
Analysis for Business Systems Certificate 23’
Gaining the skills and know ledge necessary to effectively align an organization's unique requirements w ith selecting or developing a suitable system that aligns with an organization's objectives. VOLUNTEERING
Hosea 4 Help Hope Atlanta GSPE Middle School Math Competition Mercy Care Of Atlanta Central Middle School Gateway Masjid Ibaadullah Crossroads Cleveland Elementary School ABOUT ME
Accepted to Missouri University of Science & Technology BS in Computer Engineering and GPTC’s AAS ABET-accredited programs, former TRCC undergrad. Member of the National Professional Society of Engineering. SKILLS
Analysis Of Business Systems
Project Management Tracking
Business Analytics Basics
Microsoft Excel
KEITH BRADFORD
Institutional GPA 4.0
Current GPA 4.0
Contact this candidate