BERNARD KARIUKI WAITHERA
PO BOX — ***-*****Nairobi-Kenya
Mobile No: +254*********
E-mail: ad7g0l@r.postjobfree.com
Operations Manager: WESTLANDS COMMUTER SERVICES L.T.D - from 2019 to date.
Route Planning and Optimization:
●Develop and optimize transportation routes to ensure timely and cost-effective delivery of goods.
●Monitor traffic conditions, weather, and other factors to make real-time adjustments to routes.
Fleet Management:
●Oversee the maintenance and inspection of the company's vehicles to ensure they meet safety and regulatory standards.
●Coordinate with mechanics and service providers for repairs and regular maintenance.

Route Planning and Optimization:

Develop and optimize transportation routes to ensure timely and cost-effective delivery of goods.
Monitor traffic conditions, weather, and other factors to make real-time adjustments to routes.
Fleet Management:

Oversee the maintenance and inspection of the company's vehicles to ensure they meet safety and regulatory standards.
Coordinate with mechanics and service providers for repairs and regular maintenance.
Driver Management:

Recruit, train, and manage a team of drivers.
Ensure that drivers comply with traffic laws, company policies, and safety regulations.
Monitor driver performance and address any issues or concerns.
Compliance and Regulations:

Stay informed about and ensure compliance with transportation regulations, licensing requirements, and safety standards.
Prepare and submit necessary documentation for permits, licenses, and regulatory compliance.

TRUCK DRIVER/BUS DRIVER

PROFILE SUMMARY
12+ years’ track record of accident free in driving various types of motor vehicle and exemplarily duty performance. Highly experience Bus/Truck Driver with exceptional driving skill and ability to maintain safety and follow scheduled. Ability to communicate clearly and positively with customers to facilitate perfect enjoyable working environment.
CORE QUALIFICATIONS
Ability to operate, Truck, Bus, MHE Equipment.
Holder Class A or B CDL with P endorsement with BCE License authorized by official stamp.
Ability to maneuver tractor-trailer perfectly.
Experienced at couple and uncouple trailer.
Capable of carrying 70tn or more
Holder of clean record accident free Certificate of competency from commandant -Traffic
Possess driver's license with at least 6 months of remaining validity.
Ability to speak fluent English
possess passport book (not passport card) with at least 15 months of remaining validity AND with at least 6 blank visa/stamp pages remaining
WORK EXPERIENCE
May 2016-Todate Express-Trans Company
Position: Shuttle Bus Driver
Duties & responsibilities
Performing basic maintenance by checking the bus tires, lights, and oil before departure.
Reporting to and receiving assignments, instructions, and directions from the Foreman or General Foreman.
Reading and interpreting instructions and documentation and plan work activities.
Driving bus to transport passengers and staff.
Observing and following all safety rules and procedures, including wearing required personal safety equipment, complying with local traffic regulations, and reporting delays or accidents.
Have an official jurisdiction report of the driving history for 5+ years
Holder Class A or B CDL with P endorsement to operate buses up to 50 passengers over 26001 pounds.
Greeting passengers and engaging them in conversation in a bid to make them feel welcomed.
Have 12+years’ experience in driving buses with manual transmissions
Picking up and dropping off passengers at
Keeping passengers clued-up of likely delays.
Attending to passengers’ queries regarding schedules, routes, and transfer points
reported any disruptions to a central dispatcher.
Has a class B CDL with 19 months of remaining validity

Following related safety regulations, contract different locations.
Following a predetermined route on a time schedule.
Helping disabled travelers get on and off the bus.
Requirements, company policies, and operating procedures.
Performing other duties as assigned by the foreman of supervisor

Sep 2013-March 2016: PARK CONSTRUCTION COMPANY
Position: Shuttle Bus Driver
Duties & responsibilities
Ensured compliance with applicable company governing policies and regulations.
Reported to and received assignments, instructions, and direction from the Foreman or General Foreman.
Read and interpreted instructions and documentation and plans work activities.
Drove bus to transport passengers in support of military staff and the client.
Observed and followed all safety rules and procedures, including wearing required personal safety equipment, complying with local traffic regulations, and reporting delays or accidents as they occur.
Received and followed directions and instructions from dispatcher.
Performed daily maintenance checks.
Attended to passengers’ queries regarding schedules, routes, and transfer points
reported any disruptions to a central dispatcher.
Followed related safety regulations, contract requirements, company policies, and operating procedures.
Held Class A or B CDL with P endorsement to operate buses up to 50 passengers over 26001 pounds
Ensured their vehicle is clean and tidy.
Be clean and tidy, and be properly attired and wear enclosed shoes.
Behaved with civility and propriety towards any intending passengers, passengers, other bus drivers and authorized officers
Observed traffic rules
Delivered lost property to its owner, company office or a police station.
Handed over driver license and driver authority card with courtesy to authorized officer when requested to do so.
Performed other duties as assigned.

March 2011- July 2013: DynCorp International (Afghanistan)
Position: Shuttle Bus Driver
Duties & responsibilities
Transported passengers and military to and from the fright line
Ensured compliance with applicable governing policies and regulations on road
Observed and follow all safety rules and procedures, including wearing seat belt and any required personal safety equipment
Reported incident or accidents as they occur to the foreman
Received and followed directions and instructions from dispatcher
Maintained cleanliness of bus
Performed daily maintenance checks in the bus.
Completed all required mission logs such as vehicle inspection log and personnel accountability logs
Reports to and receives assignments, instructions, and direction from the Foreman or General Foreman.
Read and interpreted instructions and documentation and planned work activities
Changed tires in the event of punctures or tire bursts and ensured that spare tires are in good condition.
Greeted passengers and engaged them in conversation in a bid to make them feel welcomed.
Had experience in driving buses with manual transmissions
Performed preventative and general maintenance on bus by ensuring that vehicular fluids are topped up and tire pressure is accurate.
Performed other duties and activities as directed by the logistics manager.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
: Consolata Driving School
: Driving License BCE class
1995-1999 : Uthiru high school
Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education
1986-1994 : St Joseph primary school
Kenya certificate of primary education
HOBBIES
Playing rugby, basketball
Socialising
Community /Social work responsibility
Travelling
REFERENCES
Mr. Samuel Michael Kinyanjui
Director,Tummer Agencies Ltd.
Tel. No. +254722 - 762591
Nairobi, Kenya

Mr. Samuel M. Magu
Tel. No. +254725 - 439689
Nairobi, Kenya

Mark A.Andwati,
Director Rockphat travels Ltd,
Tel +254*********
Contact this candidate