Marques Davis
***** ******* **.
Warren Michigan 48092
313-***-****
ad7hjz@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:
A reliable, capable and enthusiastic operations manager., who is able to take on the management and coordinating duties of a leadership role. Possessing extensive experience in manufacturing by supporting, developing and motivating teams to produce products according to customer quality standards. While driving continuous improvements across a wide range of work activities.

Areas Of Expertise In Manufacturing:
●5S Methodology
●Lean Manufacturing
●Scrap Reduction
●Hoshin
●TPM
●Kanban
●Effective Team Building,Conflict Resolution
●Continuous/ Process Improvement
●Metrology Tools
●Certified Forklift Driver

Career History:
Operations Manager
Magna Exterior Highland Park-2023-present
Assist in planning, organizing, directing, and running optimum day-to-day operations to exceed our customers' expectations.
. Increase production, assets capacity and flexibility while minimizing unnecessary costs and maintaining current quality standards.
. Be responsible for production output, product quality and on-time shipping.
. Allocate resources effectively and fully utilize assets to produce optimal results.
. Implement strategies in alignment with strategic initiatives and provide a clear sense of direction and focus.
. Monitor operations and trigger corrective actions, commit to plant safety procedures.
. Share a trusting relationship with the employees and partner with Human Resources to recruit, manage and develop plant employees.
. Collect and analyze data to find places of waste or overtime.
. Develop systems and processes that track and optimize productivity and standards, metrics, and performance targets to ensure effective return on assets.
. Create documentation protocols and ensure that all records of operations are properly maintained and reviewed.
. Stay up to date with latest production management best practices and concepts.

Autonomous Production Unit (UAP Manager)-2020-2023
Forvia (Faurecia) Highland Park Michigan

Manage the UAP team: assure appropriate staffing, maintain working environment according to Group Health, Safety & Environment (HSE) standards, detect and advise training needs, share information (transparency), participate in career management initiatives, etc
•
Serve as official plant representative to the customer: meet established customer specifications concerning cycle time, delivery, quality, quantity and costs, implement preventative and corrective measures in the production process to assure that customer demands are properly met, coordinate with client's quality team to meet all customer standards
•
Implement action plans to improve functionality/productivity and to obtain program and Group objectives, make necessary corrective adjustments
•
Participate in the creation of Production System Efficiency (PSE) projects
•
Coordinate resource planning with Industrial Engineering department concerning stocks, equipment, staffing, activities, etc

Manufacturing Superintendent
Flex-N-Gate (Royal Oak,Mi)-2017-2020
● Monitored incoming materials to assess adherence to customer specification
● Wrote reports for senior management and client regarding nonconforming parts/sort activities
● Employee Performance Evaluations, interviewing and assisting with employee selection
● Delegated rework and sorting assignments to supervision
● Mentoring, counseling and disciplining production associates
● Approved time records, requests for time off and vacation requests
● Trained employees on using testing equipment and testing procedures
● Employee scheduling
● Liaison between company and plant production/quality personnel
● Contained non-conforming parts for rework/sorting
● Rework and sorting work instruction creatio

Supervisor 3rd Party Containment (Short Term Contract) 5/2016-10/2016
BridgeWater Interiors, Warren MI
●Supervised 26 nonunion rework/sorting associates
●Relief of Current Supervisor who was on a leave of absence
●Monitored incoming materials to assess adherence to customer specification
●Wrote reports for senior management and client regarding nonconforming parts/sort activities
●Employee Performance Evaluations, interviewing and assisting with employee selection
●Delegated rework and sorting assignments to employees
●Mentoring, counseling and disciplining production associates
●Approved time records, requests for time off and vacation requests
●Trained employees on using testing equipment and testing procedures
●Employee scheduling
●Liaison between company and plant production/quality personnel
●Contained non-conforming parts for rework/sorting
●Rework and sorting work instruction creation

Production Supervisor - Stamping and Injection Molding (Plant Closed) 4/2010-3/2016
Precision Metal Processing, Oak Park, MI
●Supervised 50 nonunion machine operators who manufactured bumpers, plastic fascia and fasteners, in two buildings, CNC Machining department, Stamping Press and Injection Molding Departments
●Developed, managed, and implemented continuous improvement measures to drive production of quality parts by production and machine operators
●Monitored Key Performance Indicators specifically, Quality, Downtime, Safety and Production
●Wrote reports for senior management regarding all production processes
●Implemented cost control measures as it related to team resource management and process improvement
●Employee Performance Evaluations, interviewing and assisting with employee selection
●Delegated batch orders to individual staff members
●Mentoring, counseling and disciplining production associates
●Approved time sheets, requests for time off and vacation requests
●Identified and evaluated employee training requirements
●Work instructions creation, process improvements and quick response board updating
●Monitoring WIP area for correct part placement to production lines
●Troubleshooting equipment with maintenance when downtime/quality issues affected production

Area Teamleader/Supervisor-Body/Assembly 12/1999-1/2010
Sodecia automotive--Detroit, MI
●Supervised for 50+ team members in all three departments
●Assigned personnel and revised job rotation schedules as necessary
●Established priorities, monitored progress and resolved problems to ensure quality of products and team development
●Reported results on flow sheet for shift production summaries
●Ensured operation of equipment by calling for repairs
●Evaluated new equipment and techniques
●Maintained safe, clean work environment and workflow by educating and directing personnel on the use of all control plans, equipment, and resources
●Resolved personnel problems by investigating issues, identifying solution and recommended action in line with UAW collective bargaining agreement
●Submitted reports using ERP system
●Initiated and fostered a spirit of cooperation within and between departments

Wayne County Community College District 09/2014-06/2017
Associate Degree in Business Administration

Northwestern High School 06/1999
Contact this candidate