PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
SKILLS
EXPERIENCE
KEENAN
WILSON
K
**** ******** *** *** *, Newport News, VA 23602, 757-***-****, ad7i7u@r.postjobfree.com Energetic [Type] Manager offering proven history of success in overseeing [Type] operations with efficient, performance-driven approach. Leads business effectively through proactive operational and team oversight. Sustains revenue growth with continuous attention to customer and market demands. Gifted [Job Title] with excellent team building and leadership abilities honed over career in [Type] industry. Delivers high-quality service and consistent business results with resourceful approach to handling routine and complex challenges. Achieves short- and long-term objectives with successful strategic planning and performance optimization skills.
Resourceful [Type] Manager able to handle fast-paced [Industry] demands while keeping operations in line with regulatory requirements. Focused on exceeding profitability targets through skilled management of available personnel and inventory resources. Expert in identifying and capitalizing on business opportunities. Talented [Job Title] skilled at completing daily assignments and contributing to team success. Always willing to take on any task. Adapts quickly to new needs and policies. Willing to take on any task to support team and help business succeed. Offers strong [Skill] and [Skill] abilities. Capable [Previous Job Title] experienced working in challenging environments. Excited about the opportunity to take the next career step with [Company Name].
Mentoring talent Leadership skills Money management Employee training Risk management Budget coordination Loss prevention Business administration Project management Manager January 2014 - December 2014
Zaxby's Hampton, VA
Protected assets, set effective access policies, and monitored security risks. Achieved revenue and profit targets through solid promotional and budget control strategies. Reduced turnover and boosted employee morale by implementing employee appreciation days and effective training policies.
Managed special events with practiced eye for important details such as vendor schedules and expected demand.
Coordinated [Type] operations with team of [Number] skilled workers, delegating tasks and organizing schedules.
Developed successful training programs based around culture focused on employee empowerment and customer service.
Improved business operations by tracking trends and aligning business strategies with needs. Supervised staff at [Number] locations, managing day-to-day business operations. Resolved employee, customer, and vendor issues using strong conflict mediation and problem-solving abilities.
W
Managed customer experiences with a close eye on customer and team member interactions, touchpoints, and methods of engagement.
Managed legal requirements for business operations such as taxes and business permits. Planned and executed strategies to increase business and drive profit growth. Prepared schedules and assignments to meet short- and long-term business demands. Developed talent from within to build cohesive and successful leadership team. Cross-trained staff in secondary roles to expand operational diversity. General Manager January 2019 - November 2020
Firehouse subs Newport News, VA
Run operation train and mentor new team members money management schedule handle guests complaints Order produce and products for Business. Reduced turnover and boosted employee morale by implementing employee appreciation days and effective training policies.
Resolved employee, customer, and vendor issues using strong conflict mediation and problem-solving abilities.
Managed special events with practiced eye for important details such as vendor schedules and expected demand.
Managed customer experiences with a close eye on customer and team member interactions, touchpoints, and methods of engagement.
Delivered products of consistent quality to customers by working directly with vendors on delivery and production issues.
Assistant General Manager March 2017 - March 2019
Gameworks Chesapeake, VA
To take care of Game room and gift shop order and stock prizes make schedules. Also in charge of Restaurant and Bar Inventory counts every Sunday train and mentor team members. Money management Improved profits by controlling costs without sacrificing service or overhead needs. Protected assets, set effective access policies, and monitored security risks. Managed special events with practiced eye for important details such as vendor schedules and expected demand.
Resolved employee, customer, and vendor issues using strong conflict mediation and problem-solving abilities.
Guaranteed top-notch service standards and memorable customer experiences for every guest. Asst General manager February 2015 - December 2015 Zaxby's Hampton, VA
Guaranteed top-notch service standards and memorable customer experiences for every guest. Managed special events with practiced eye for important details such as vendor schedules and expected demand.
Resolved employee, customer, and vendor issues using strong conflict mediation and problem-solving abilities.
Coordinated [Type] operations with team of [Number] skilled workers, delegating tasks and organizing schedules.
Improved business operations by tracking trends and aligning business strategies with needs. Supervised staff at [Number] locations, managing day-to-day business operations. General Manager March 2016 - Current
EDUCATION
Zaxby's Newport News, VA
Reduced turnover and boosted employee morale by implementing employee appreciation days and effective training policies.
Protected assets, set effective access policies, and monitored security risks. Coordinated [Type] operations with team of [Number] skilled workers, delegating tasks and organizing schedules.
Guaranteed top-notch service standards and memorable customer experiences for every guest. Improved business operations by tracking trends and aligning business strategies with needs. Managed special events with practiced eye for important details such as vendor schedules and expected demand.
Supervised staff at [Number] locations, managing day-to-day business operations. Developed successful training programs based around culture focused on employee empowerment and customer service.
Built a strong, resilient team by identifying and onboarding highly qualified candidates for key front-line and senior management positions.
Managed customer experiences with a close eye on customer and team member interactions, touchpoints, and methods of engagement.
Enhanced operations with new and improved procedures targeting underperforming areas and systematic weaknesses.
Directed [Number]-member administrative staff handling business finances, customer contact, and recordkeeping.
Eliminated waste at all levels, regularly reviewing team activities and records to spot and resolve problems. Maintained optimal employee coverage for business needs with well-prepared team schedules. High School diploma
Warwick high school, Newport News, VA
Contact this candidate