Ruth McGehee
405-***-**** ad7i8k@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Operations Manager working with sales to increase the overall profit of the company on a yearly basis. Following OSHA Safety protocols and ensuring staff are well trained in all areas of safety. Accurately keeping track of inventory and responsible for bringing down loss.

EXPERIENCE
Operations Administrative Specialist
Oklahoma State University- Oklahoma
May 2022-Present
Assistant to the VP of Operations. Inventory Control, Surplus management, Project Management, Budget management and account maintenance.

Operations Manager
Architectural Surfaces April 2018-November 2021
Trained and mentored staff to become the most profitable branch in Oklahoma. Constantly exceeding our sales goals.

Operations Manager/Senior Customer Support
Emser Tile November 2011-April 2018
Lead the movement of our branch to a new location. Ensured accuracy in inventory and shipping.

HEAD CASHIER
LOWES HOME IMPROVEMENT
March 2008 to November 2011
Promoted from Cashier to Head Cashier.
Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations. Resolved customer questions, issues and complaints.
Developed rapport with the customer base and had many regulars. .
Created daily schedules for the staff.
Personally stopped many thieves from stealing products from the store.

CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTIVE-CONVERGYS
June 2006 to December 2006
Sold services for direct TV as an inbound customer service representative.
Set up installation date and times for customers.
Resolved customer questions, issues and complaints.
Addressed negative customer feedback immediately and turning it into a positive conversation.
Resolved technical issues for customers.

Cashier/Cleaner
Ken’s Steakhouse
2002 to June 2006
Started working as a dishwasher and was promoted to cashier and cleaner. Also in charge of salad bar and cutting all vegetables.
EDUCATION
Oklahoma State University- OKC
Assocssociate in Enterprise Development
Vice Presidents Honor Roll
Skills
Management
Inventory Management
Training/Mentoring
Microsoft Office products
Purchasing
Budgeting
Accounting
Hiring/Training
Multitasking with Attention to Detail
Contact this candidate