Brian R. Allen
**** ** ******* **. ****** Beach, FL 34957
757-***-**** ad7jn6@r.postjobfree.com

Skilled Project Manager with 30+ years of experience in Naval and commercial power plant operations, maintenance and construction. Proven leader, critical thinker, strategic planner, and implementer of changes to meet mission objectives. Expertise includes: Team building, facility management, project management, contractor oversight, quality assurance, Lean Six Sigma, Value Stream Analysis, process improvement, knowledge management, risk management, and training.

Experience

U.S Sugar Refinery - Savannah
Utilities Supervisor March 2024 – Present
Supervise all aspects of operations and maintenance of the co-generation plant supporting site operations, including five gas and coal fired boilers, four turbine generators generating 12MW of power, and all support systems providing steam, water and electricity for refinery operations.
Implemented multiple process changes to improve both maintenance and safety performance through drawing revisions and a systems labeling program to ensure assets are accurately identified during maintenance and operations procedures.
Improved plant operations and training program by updating and standardizing procedures, allowing both experienced and inexperienced operators to readily access accurate system information while removing over reliance on verbal direction and memory to ensure safety, environmental and regulatory requirements are consistently met.

St. Lucie Nuclear Plant
Senior Reactor Operator/Outage Planning Specialist Apr 2017 – Oct 2022
Direct shift personnel in all aspects of nuclear plant operations, ensuring facility licensing requirements are met at all times, including, system operations, maintenance, security, safety and all regulatory and environmental protection requirements.
Planned and executed both short duration and extensive maintenance and overhaul projects, to include Reactor Refueling and Power Plant capital projects and upgrades
Managed Operation's department Corrective Action and Assessment processes. Monitored for quality, completeness and timeliness, ensuring equipment and personnel problems were identified and properly addressed.
Assisted with all aspects of fire safety, including conducting fire drills maintaining fire prevention equipment and ensured compliance with applicable Fire Safety Codes.

Crystal River Fossil Plant
Operations / Maintenance Team Supervisor Nov 2013 – Mar 2017
Supervised a crew of 37 mechanics, welders, facility support personnel and oversight of up to 70 contract personnel maintaining mechanical systems and support facilities for two 750MW coal power plants.
Saved more than $500k annually by restructuring equipment rental and maintenance contracts.
Planned, coordinated and supervised corrective and preventative maintenance. Significantly reduced maintenance and overtime costs by updating risk evaluations and consolidation of planned and corrective maintenance.
Re-organized contractor support and oversight resulting in more than $200k in annual savings.
Directed crew of seven personnel responsible for plant operations. Ensured adherence to required procedures and coordinated maintenance work with maintenance staff and contractors to maximize unit generation and minimize equipment downtime.
Reviewed all contracts and bids for prospective maintenance and material suppliers to ensure optimum operational and outage support were maintained without compromising cost, schedule or safety.

Naval Reactors (US Department of Energy) Newport News Shipyard (NNS)
Nuclear Oversight Officer- Propulsion Plant Program Manager Mar 2004 - Aug 2013
Directed, trained and developed a staff of six personnel providing regulatory and project performance oversight of more than 50 test engineers and project managers during multi-billion dollar aircraft carrier refueling overhaul and maintenance availability projects.
Advised executive management, ship’s crew, and contractors concerning production, scheduling, cost performance, and organizational structure enabling project teams to meet milestones on or ahead of schedule and within budget.
Worked with project team members to adopt industry best practices and implement process improvements resulting in a 20 percent reduction in planned testing and enhancing the team’s ability to manage unexpected problems.
Reviewed procurement specifications as to ensure technical compliance, including all suppliers and subcontractors interfacing with the overhaul/refueling projects.
Reviewed and approved all statements of work (SOW) for reactor plant refueling, repairs and upgrades to ensure all contract requirements were being met.
Provided oversight of all aspects of Aircraft Carrier Overhaul/Refueling projects, including planning, contract development and award, project execution, testing, delivery and project closeout. Ensured all technical, cost and scheduled performance metrics were met.

USS ENTERPRISE (CVN 65)
Division Officer / Reactor Mechanical Technical Assistant Feb 2001 - Mar 2004
Supervised and trained more than 160 maintenance technicians in the planning, scheduling, and completing repairs and testing of mechanical equipment associated with eight reactor plants.
Led a team of 30 during the conduct of propulsion and reactor plant drills and training, including training development, drill team training, briefing and debriefing operating crew performance.
Planned, scheduled and coordinated more than 5000 jobs expending over 12000 man-hours ensuring all repair work
was completed on time to meet all operational commitments and enhancing overall material condition and readiness.
Managed an annual maintenance and repair budget of more than $1.5M.
Managed a crew of nearly 100 personnel operating and maintaining eight reactor plants, four steam propulsion plants,
and all mechanical and electrical systems required to keep the most complex nuclear-powered ship 100% mission
capable.

Nuclear Machinist Mate Chief Petty Officer
Various nuclear aircraft carriers and shore commands Sep 1989 – Jan 2001
Supervised and trained more than 160 maintenance technicians in the planning, scheduling, and completing repairs and testing of mechanical equipment associated with eight reactor plants.
Awarded three Navy Achievement Medals and two Navy Commendation Medals for leadership and technical skill.
Saved the Navy millions of dollars while performing numerous complex emergent nuclear repairs, including one
notable repair estimated at $1.3M by a shipyard that was completed at a fraction of the cost.
Selected as Atlantic Fleet Engineer of the Year above thousands of personnel based on operational and technical
Expertise.

Education & Training
NRC License class St. Lucie Nuclear Plant (SOP-504066), 2021
Master Certificate in Applied Project Management – Villanova University, PA, 2014
B.S., Nuclear Engineering Technology – Excelsior College, NY, 2009
DoN Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Training, Norfolk Naval Shipyard, Suffolk, VA, 2013
Nuclear Planners School, Norfolk Naval Shipyard, Portsmouth, VA, 1997
Naval Nuclear Power School, Orlando, FL, 1990
Contact this candidate