BRIAN J. WALLACE
719-***-**** ad7jv3@r.postjobfree.com
Active Top-Secret Clearance w/poly
LOGISTICS & OPERATIONS PROFESSIONAL
Logistics & Operations Management professional leveraging over 24 years of executive-level authority, strategic planning, personnel management, sustainment, and complex operations experience attaining the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Army. Employ ingenuity, coupled with solid business acumen that shapes fundamental change through continuous process improvements that drive organizational objectives.
Build and lead dynamic teams that manage multiple priorities and executing multi-layer operations.
Evaluate and improve processes and quality, while positively impacting business integrity.
Masters in Logistics Management and Project Management Professional UNIQUE VALUE
LEADERSHIP and PERFORMANCE
Leadership and Supervision
Operations Management
Staff Management and Development
Million-dollar Budget Administration
Cost Containment and Reduction
Communications Management
LOGISTICS
Global Logistics Management
Program and Project Manager
Strategic Planning and Execution
Efficiency Improvements
Acquisition and Procurement
ORGANIZATIONAL PROCESSES
Organizational Structuring / Culture
Strategy and Policy Development
Safety Operations and Control
Asset Management
Emotional Intelligence
CAREER NARRATIVE & KEY IMPACTS
Facility Resource Planner Apr 2023 to Present
Parsons Colorado Springs
Responsible for developing and creating logistics and facilities material and products in support of Space Security and Defense Program and Space Warfighting Analysis Center (SSDP/SWAC). Assist with planning, development, creation, and completion of affiliated products, and reports for logistics and facilities processes. Coordinate facility resource requirements that include personnel seating and office furniture, security and IT network requirements. Responsible for five different facilities in Colorado Springs and the National Capitol Region (NCR) for over 370 military, government, and contractor personnel. Plan and coordinate with our Aerospace and DIA facility partners to meet facility specific compliance rules and standards to integrate and deploy personnel and network systems. On behalf of the SSDP/SWAC Mission Support Director, coordinate with mission partners in Colorado Springs and the NCR to provide transparency on customer requirements and actions in development that will or may require approval for integration as our support team frequently introduces new hardware and other external agency network systems into mission partner facilities as new mission requirements occur. Provide SSDP/SWAC leadership with facility project plans and timelines to make informed decisions on personnel and facility requirements. Sustainment Logistics Lead May 2022 to Apr 2023
Jacobs Colorado Springs
Sustainment lead in support of the for the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) Cheyenne Mountain Complex (NCMC) – Integrated Tactical Warning/Attack Assessment (NCMC-ITW/AA) and Space Support Contract II (NISSC II). Served as the focal point between the DoD customer and Jacobs for Integrated Logistics Support
(ILS) and Integrated Product Support (IPS). Responsible for three personnel focused on IT network hardware and software life cycle and obsolescence management. Provide the DoD customer with a monthly Logistics Product Data Summary (LPDS) covering hardware obsolescence on network systems and repair parts and software version management and renewals required by the Contracts Data Requirements List (CDRL). Provide the DoD customer with recommended replacement systems and/or parts based on End of Life (EOL) or End of Support (EOS) based on LPDS analysis. Coordinate with network engineers to identify proper replacement items to test and integrate on customer networks and transfer to the Configuration Management Board. Plan and coordinate with supported site stakeholders to develop deployment and integration timelines and conduct further coordination with logistics division to schedule distribution timelines to 14 supported sites across the globe. Provide Supply Chain Risk Management data to inform the DoD customer for potential change management decisions impacting hardware and software requirements. Successfully deployed all required systems in support of one significant technical refresh project consisting of 70 network systems and developing the project plan for a follow-on hardware replacement initiative for another 42 network systems.
DEPUTY COMMANDER Deputy Director Aug 2018 to Jan 2022 4th Infantry Division, Sustainment Brigade Fort Carson, CO Direct a multifunctional logistics organization of 1,700+ personnel and provide comprehensive leadership to a staff of 212 personnel in efficient planning, managing, and administering of administrative support across Supply, Services, Maintenance, Automation and Distribution Management functions. Determine team activities, establish priorities, schedule and track work assignments and secure resources. Manage and administer a $10.9M budget. Key Impacts:
Oversaw and managed successful planning, coordination, and logistics supporting 4 large scale strategic military exercises, 13 deployment operations to 6 countries, and the deployment of 56 staff personnel across 6 states in support of COVID-19 response operations for over 5 months.
Strategically coordinated logistical movement operations of 1,300 personnel and thousands of pieces of equipment to over 4 different countries/12 states in support of International Foreign Policy Agreements and National Disaster Relief Response requirements.
Revamped and led a Talent Management Program for Logistic Officers across Fort Carson decreasing transition gaps between rotating officers and facilitated a greater efficiency in talent management of 300+ Army Officers within 3 years.
BATTALION COMMANDER Director Apr 2016 to Jul 2018 299th Brigade Support Battalion Fort Riley, KS and overseas locations Provided comprehensive leadership as the Director for Logistics managing 10 separate logistics companies comprised of 1,230+ personnel and multi-layered global logistics operations supporting an Army Armored Brigade of over 4,500 personnel. Senior Logistician to the Brigade Commander, delivering detailed planning, synchronization and execution across personnel manning, resourcing, and training in supply, maintenance, and distribution. Key Impacts:
Managed logistic support operations across 6 European and 3 Southwest Asian countries for 13 months.
Flawlessly planned and executed air, land, and sea movement operations in and out of 8 European countries.
Achieved 75% decrease in fuel, water, distribution, and food waste and cost avoidance of over $300K during national training exercise in preparation for overseas deployment. Benchmark recognized as ‘most efficient and lowest consumption waste in the 20 prior military rotations’ and noted as a ‘model for future training rotations. EXECUTIVE OFFICER Feb 2014 to Feb 2016
4th ID Sustainment Brigade Fort Carson, CO
Executive Officer for a large multifunctional organization with over 1,700 Soldiers. Controlled professional development and management of over 145 staff personnel conducting human resources, finance functions, facility maintenance and property accountability. Managed $8.7M operating budget with 100% accountability. Key Impacts:
Implemented a property management oversight program that enabled redistribution and turn-in of equipment resulting in total asset capability recoupment of over $1MIL, furthermore reducing maintenance cost and manpower on excess equipment.
Maintained an operational rate above 95% while simultaneously reducing non-available Soldiers by 10% by driving continuous process improvements.
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 2013 to 2014
Logistics Battalion Command Fort Carson, CO
Second in charge for leading staff planning, coordination, and execution with an emphasis on personnel administration, supply and maintenance activities, deployment readiness, and budget execution in support of a logistics organization comprised of 10 companies/1,100 Soldiers.
Supervised 30 direct supports and managed a high-volume Operations Center, establishing the organization’s Logistics Support Hub for conducting supply reception and storage, distribution, maintenance, and healthcare operations supporting 4,500 Soldiers.
Key Impacts:
Identified, located, and steered redistribution of $16M in equipment eliminating need to repurchase by consistently emphasizing the importance of accountability and property management. EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Masters in Logistics Management, Florida Institute of Technology Project Management Professional, AUG ‘21
AGILE Prep Course, JUN 21’
Contact this candidate