Janeth Bravo
Phone 214-***-****
ad7jay@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE SUMMARY
Highly talented, success-driven, and intuitive professional, offering verifiable experience in the areas of sales, audit QA, risk, mortgage, and banking. Reliably effective in communicating with various customers, as well as in determining and addressing their needs. Equipped with functional strengths in motivating teams to perform effectively and achieve established goals, along with superior organizational and communication skills crucial in establishing productive relationships with all levels of professionals. Technically proficient in Microsoft Office Word, Excel, SharePoint PowerPoint, Jira and Outlook. Fluent in English and Spanish. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Wells Fargo Auto (Dec 2018 -current)
Loan Documentation Processor
Successfully completed 25-30 database entries for loan contract
● Selected to facilitate team meetings, new hire training and on-going development of over 100 people.
● Updated business processes to mitigate operational and regulatory risk exposure.
● Responsible for ensuring adherence to state and regulatory requirements while managing varying responsibilities and a large workload.
● Inspected document databases for discrepancies, provided coaching to less experienced peers, and developed reporting for senior leadership.
● Assisted Operations Manager with a team of 7 funders, responsible for 380+ dealers in the Dallas and Oklahoma Market. Acted as the Operations Manager while Operations Manager on PTO for a stretch assignment.
L&A Titles (Sept 2011 -Dec 2018)
Loan Documentation Processor
● Mailing titles and lien releases for paid off accounts
● Sending titles to auctions for repossessed vehicles
● Generating repossession affidavits for repossessed vehicles
● Releasing paper titles and electronic titles through our online platform
● Updating account notes for released titles or repossession titles
● Notarizing, signing, and handling DMV paperwork
● processing titles for vehicle repossessions and/or paid off accounts Spring Leaf Financial (April 2004 -Sept 2011)
Senior Account Specialist
● Establish telephone and email contact with customers to determine the reason for delinquency and understand what they can do to bring the account current.
● Develop customer relations to establish an understanding of what has changed with their situation. This would include follow-up contact, promise to pay dates are met, and all written notices require under the Fair Debt Collection Practices are followed.
● Prevent impending loss and increase profitability through negotiation and enforcement of scheduled collection campaigns.
● Negotiate account resolution and accurately input and document actions within the collection systems while maintaining company performance and productivity standards.
● Make a decision with regards to the loan's best course of action to include but not limited to payment plans, workout agreements, and recovery plans in accordance to our company policy and procedures.
● Perform investigative activities to evaluate and determine the whereabouts of customers through database searches and system records (skip tracing).
● Conduct all collection efforts in accordance with company policy and procedures.
● Represent the company in a professional and enthusiastic manner by providing an exceptional level of customer service, supporting the mission statement, and adhering to our core values in all functions of the job responsibilities and interaction our customers.
● Meet and EXCEED targeted levels of collection activities that lead to results. EDUCATION
Mountain View College, Dallas TX
Associate of Arts in Teaching, 2013
Contact this candidate