H E I D I L W A D D E L L
509-***-****
ad7ju6@r.postjobfree.com
Spokane Valley, WA 99206
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Organized Operations Manager possessing strong telephone etiquette and familiarity of scheduling software. Sets appointments, distributes daily schedules and updates scheduling system with changes or updates. Helpful worker with excellent interpersonal and multitasking abilities needed to keep office running smoothly without disruption. WORK EXPERIENCE
Scheduling Supervisor, Clean Nation Co, Nov 2020 Dec 2023, Spokane, WA Made timely changes and updated schedules via central scheduling system. Updated and maintained office calenders, schedules and agendas to keep staff on track. Called patients or clients to set up appointments and determine availability. Sent out scheduled appointment reminders to patients or clients via telephone or email. Followed established company policies and enforced regulations to maintain compliance. Liaised between team members and upper management to advocate for needs and resources. Coordinated workflows and monitored administrative team performance. Prioritized workload and delegated team tasks based on strengths and skill levels. Developed and optimized schedules to cover expected workloads. Received consistently positive client feedback related to service delivery. Resolved customer complaints and answered policy and procedure-related questions. Identified employee performance problems and causes before developing solutions to resolve issues.
Monitored and replenished office supplies to maintain business operations. Operations Manager, Mr Tux Sales And Rental, Mar 2005 Jan 2020, Spokane, WA Monitored processes, identified gaps and resolved operational issues to correct organizational deficiencies.
Established staff objectives, monitored performance and coached individuals to achieve strong results.
Developed employee strengths to improve engagement and remain competitive. Managed team of 12 employees with consistent record of accomplishment in achieving operational goals.
Maintained onsite presence to oversee operations and verify compliance with company operational standards.
Received and resolved escalated incidents and complaints following company procedure. Front End Supervisor, Safeway, Apr 1986 Jan 2005, Spokane, WA Assigned supplemental work to team to maintain clean shelving, refill supplies and resupply merchandise.
Observed interactions with customers and stepped in to facilitate customer service support for pricing questions, system errors and complaint handling. HW
Jun 1990
Assessed department for conditions contributing to shrink and reduced bag usage, overlooked cart items and excess discounting to meet front-end targets. Supervised attendants in collection of carts and baskets from parking lot to maintain supplies for customers.
Monitored labor hours and adjusted schedules to meet budget expectations. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Speech Pathology
Eastern Washington University Cheney, WA
SKILLS
Workflow optimization Operations management
Coordinate schedules Employee supervision
Customer service Train employees
Enforce policies Evaluate performance
Coordination Multitasking
Collaboration Teamwork
Networking
Contact this candidate