PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE:

To obtain a Manufacturing Management position with a company searching for a passionate, responsible, results oriented and imaginative individual who is capable of increasing company profitability.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:

Communication Skills
Skilled at maintaining stable employee relations… Adept at Interviewing and training employees… Able to establish a rapport with individuals at various levels.
Organizational Skills
Problem solver under all conditions by breaking down bigger assignments into smaller more manageable ones…Well versed in 5 Why Root Cause Analysis…Skilled at time management, a self- starter…Organizer of plant work space, and talented at recording and scheduling requirements…Successful in managing supplier expectations and performance metrics…Well versed in documentation of employee’s performance…Repeated success in housekeeping and 5S.
Industrial Skills:
Experienced in Operations Manufacturing, Management, and Material Control… Staffing needs analysis…A professional in assembly, inspection, and packaging responsibilities. Adept at scheduling production and logistics for shipments in an ILVS JIT system, working against deadlines, and processing customer and supplier releases…Possess urgency in safety, quality and on time delivery. Successful history in achieving and beating AOP.
Team Skills
Successful history as a Team Leader, Plant Leader and Cross Functional Team member with teams such as Safety Teams, Process Improvement Teams, Risk/Hazard Analysis, Activities Teams, SMED and Kaizen Workshops.
Management Skills:
Experienced at managing, coaching and developing individual’s skills, providing concise directions and resolving problems. Experienced in managing in both union and non-union environments.

Education:

Tiffin University, Tiffin, Ohio. 3.88 GPA
Master’s Degree in Business Administration.
University of Toledo, Toledo, Ohio.
Bachelor of Arts in General Communication. Minor: Management

ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Lean Green Belt Certification- Johnson Controls Automotive Experience
TRW Six Sima Greenbelt Certification- TRW Automotive.
Error Proof Training - Ford Motor Company’s Fairlane Training Center.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Advanced Manufacturing Production, Delphos, Ohio
Operations Manager
9/2022 – Present
Responsiblities include daily operations of 5 lines, inventory management, shipping and
receiving as well as personnel development and management. The non-union workforce
was as large as 17 employees. Developed a family culture within the team while
maintaining 100% on time delivery. Responsible for customer relations, costing and
budgeting. Managed the plant to improvements in KPIs such as:
Safety – 1 recordable since 9/2022
Quality- Internal reject rate reduced from 12% to 1%
Productivity – Increased by 10%
On Time Delivery maintained at 100%
Inventory Accuracy improved $35,000 per quarter by implementing weekly cycle counts

Freudenberg NOK, Findlay, Ohio
Operations Manager
1/2019- 5/2022
Responsible for developing and meeting the budget for the plant according to the AOP I
have developed in conjunction with accounting. Manage cross functional teams to achieve
success in strategic KPI’s. Team included the Materials Manager, a Quality Engineer, a
Process Engineer and a Chemist. Supervised the unionized direct labor force. Oversight of all day to day operations in Safety, Quality, Productivity and Materials Management. Managed the plant to improvement year over year from 2019 to 2022 in the following areas:
Safety – Lost Day Incidence reduced from 1 per year to 1100+ consecutive days without a LDI through multi-tier Safety audits.
Quality Internal reject rate: reduced from 10% to .5% ($40,000 / month to $5,000 / month)
External reject rate: reduced from 5% to 2%
Productivity increased by 35%
On time Delivery maintained at 100% since 7/2019.
Operation Result moved from Red to Black in 2/2020 and has been maintained.

General Dynamics Land Systems, Lima, Ohio
Team Advisor
5/2017- 1/2019
Plan and manage resources to successfully operate an assembly line to meet objectives in
Safety, Quality and Productivity. Manage staffing requirements and plan production to meet
schedule. Member of Cross functional team working to address various issues and
evaluate projects. Advise the area team in identifying and completing improvement
projects.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Lakeview Farms LLC, Delphos, Ohio
Production Manager
7/2015-5/2017
Responsible for tracking and achieving of all operational and budgetary goals for third shift. Oversaw all day to day operations in Safety, Quality, Productivity, Materials and Facilities Management on third shift. Managed the plant to improvement from 7/2015 to 12/2016 in the following areas:
Safety DART Rate reduced to 3.2. Developed a Safety tracking and trending log for Safety Incidents in the plant.
Quality Internal reject rate: holds reduced by 10%
External reject rate: reduced by 15% year over year.
Led efficiency increases on all lines, 18% to 40% (average of 27.3%) increases. This included the month of December 2016 in which all lines hit target for each week of the month.

Nelson Global Products, Ft. Wayne, Indiana
Continuous Improvement Leader
6/2014-5/2015
Responsible for developing training on Value Stream Mapping, Standard Work, 5S, Total Productive Maintenance, Visual Management and SMED. Conduct regular training with the plant on the Methods of Continuous Improvement. Conduct Kaizen Events identified through data analysis and Value Stream Mapping. Kaizen events included such results as implementation of Line Balancing through Standard Work resulting in increased throughput of 65%. Increase in throughput eliminated $6000.00/ month in overtime. Reduction in inventory (combination of raw components and finished goods) of $2.1 million over a six month period. Moved a department from job shop to cellular manufacturing as well as the implementation of two semi-automatic saws resulting in the elimination of two heads in the department ($70,000 savings). Other projects included instituting a duplicate assembly line in an area at the investment of $100,000. The additional line enabled the requirements to be built on two 40 hour per week shifts moving from three shifts operating 6 and 7 days per week. Total savings is $2500.00 per month.

The Dannon Company, Minster, Ohio
Continuous Improvement Engineer
4/2012- 5/2014
Responsible for leading the Autonomous Management initiative for the plant for both the implementation and the development in advancement through Step progression. Lead the Building Block team through re-defining Autonomous Management heading into the future. Also coached various levels of the plant in 5 Why Problem Solving analysis training. Inventoried all MSDS required chemical and created an electronic Right to Know File and summary log. Identified and implemented numerous water conservation opportunities and strategies resulting in the savings of over 2 million gallons of water annually. Led various SMED events to drive savings as high as 30% of starting state. Instructed production teams on the 5S methodology to gain improvements in Safety, Quality and Productivity throughout various areas of the plant.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Intigral IG, Northwood, Ohio
Plant Manager
2008- 2012
Responsible for tracking and achieving of all operational and budgetary goals for the plant. Owner of P&L for the plant and originated the budget in conjunction with the VP of Operations. Oversaw all day to day operations in Safety, Quality, Productivity, Materials and Facilities Management. Managed the plant to improvement year over year from 2008 to 2011 in the following areas:
Safety recordables reduced from 5 to 3 annually, 0 lost time injuries
Quality Internal reject rate: reduced from 20% to 1.9%
External reject rate: reduced from 12% to .7%
Productivity increased by over 100% - Plant ran 800 units on 2 shifts upon arrival to running 1800 to 2000 units on one 8 hour shift. This enabled the reduction of labor by percent of profit from 20% to 10%.
Glass yield increased from 78% to 85%+
Inventory accuracy increased from 80% to 98.5%
Plant’s contribution margin was increased from 19% to 33%

Johnson Controls Northwood, Ohio
Lean Implementer
2007- 2008
Responsible for driving Lean initiatives through the plant. This was accomplished through such processes as the following: 5S Initiatives, Process Standardization, Value Stream Mapping, Materials Analysis, Lean Machine Design and driving Kaizen Events. Projects yielded such positive results as: Inventory reduction, Labor overhead reduction, and Line rebalance and reduction in cycle times. Programs to note included a line re-balance which decreased staffing on the line by two employees per shift reducing conversion costs of the product by $300,000 annually. Each employee was fully costed at $50,000. Cycle time to material days on hand ratio to stand at 158:1 . Additional projects included utilizing AGV material supply vehicles and material line balance to decrease the material handler staffing by one in two areas to a savings of $100,000 annually. Reorganized and rebalanced the line to increase throughput to enable 10 hours of production to become eight hours standard. This Kaizen event created a savings of labor of 40 employees x 3.5 hours of pay
at $15.00 per hour = $2100 total savings per opportunity.

Johnson Controls Northwood, Ohio
Shift Superintendent
2006- 2007
Responsible for all operations on the shift: including Safety, Quality, Assembly and Maintenance. Managed the discipline and maintained stable employee relations and achievement of plant Environmental, Health and Safety metrics, and supplier performance scorecard. Worked to help Second Shift achieve the highest Production Efficiency Rating and the best Quality Rating of all three shifts. While serving as the off-shift Superintendent at Johnson Controls I also served as the Point of Contact for the Jeep’s Toledo North and South Assembly Plants

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Owens Corning Trumbull Asphalt Detroit, Michigan
Operations Leader
2005- 2006
P&L responsibilities for the plant working in conjunction with the Plant Leader, as well as Safety, Quality, Productivity and Maintenance responsibilities. Served as the interim Plant Leader, super user of all EH&S initiatives including Behavior Based Safety. Through a series of Kaizen events, Process Improvement teams, and special focus teams we were able to achieve the following: Revision of the shipping process and instructions to the result of no returned loads and only 4 customer complaints, a Quality improvement of 60%. Also led Kaizen events to refine processes to the result of a 50% increase in productivity. Led the Special Focus Team in implementing energy savings plans through the plant to a tone of $125,000 in energy savings. Final overall results of all Kaizen events and projects contributed to a profit for the Plant of $1.4 MM, the profit in 5 years with a Gross Margin increase of 9.4%.

TRW Automotive Toledo, Ohio
Assembly Manager
2003- 2005
Responsible for all assembly operations, including P&L for the Assembly Department. Core member of the Operations Cross Functional Team with Engineering, Human Resources, and Quality departments to achieve organizational objectives. Daily management of Safety, Quality, Productivity and Materials operations. Successful in writing work instructions for TS16949. Managed the discipline and maintained stable employee relations and achievement of plant Environmental, Health and Safety metrics. Worked to help the plant achieve a 98% on time delivery rating and a 3 ppm reject rate. Served as the off-shift Superintendent leading such areas as: HR, Quality, Maintenance and Materials.
Green Belt Projects Implemented
Material consumption cost reduction – Mandrel composition- Cost savings of $2000 annually. Torque Related Scrap Cost Reduction – Brake Line Scrap Analysis- created a series of actions which yielded an annual savings of between $20,000 and $25,000 annually in scrap costs for the Brake Line. Initiated a Fastener Sorting Program resulting in a savings of $3000 per month in fastener scrap.

Career – minded, dependable and accountable to do quality work and achieve results.
Contact this candidate