Isis De Garcia
626-***-****
ad7l77@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
Detail oriented individual seeking Business Manager Position that will capitalize on over 20 years of property management experience. In addition to the skills, knowledge and experience I have, I will contribute to the bottom line by always working to improve the property, increase NOI, uphold quality living to a high standard and work in surpassing your expectations.

SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
20+ years of property management experience
Very strong leadership and motivational skills
Great problem-solving skills
Bilingual (English/Spanish)
Appointed to serve on CAA subcommittee for Fair Housing and Discrimination (2017/2018)
Proficient in AppFolio, RealPage, on-site, Yardi7 & Voyager CRM, YieldStar, Nexus Payables, Entrata, Rent Café, Dayforce and Kronos.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Meridian Pointe, Property Manager 475 Units
6 Star Properties
April 2024 – Current
Handle all day-to-day business operations of an 475-unit property on behalf of the company. Create a workflow process and train all employees on system. Oversee maintenance operation due to open Maintenance Supervisor position. Work directly with KTS on eviction files. Prepare notices and ensure residents comply with property policies. Appear in court on behalf of management team.
Work directly with leasing to develop new talent. Preforms guided tours and assist all prospective and current residents. Distribute flyers and build relationships for outside marketing.

The Studio NoHo, Burnside Villas, NoHo Gallery North/South & Blix32, Community Director/Multi-site Manager FPI Management
July 2022 – April 2024
Handle all day-to-day business operations of multiple small buildings, including managing 3 different budgets. Create all resident files, assist with due diligence during sale of NoHo Gallery North & South. Appear in court on behalf of ownership. Maintain occupancy and delinquency. Manage contractors during major repairs.

Harlow Culver City, Business Manager 131 Residential & 5 Retail Sares-Regis Group
November 2020 – June 2022
Handle all day-to-day business operations of a luxury mid rise on behalf of the company. Collect market and economic information, prepare competitive market analysis as well weekly/monthly reporting. Prepare renewal and annual budget reporting. Organize resident retention functions. Process Property Accounting such as Rent collection, all property invoicing and security deposit refunds. Maintain 97-99% collected throughout the pandemic.

Rancho Los Feliz, Business Manager 317 Units E&S Ring Management Corporation
July 2016 – May 2019
Dependable and the go to person my PFM has come to when she is need of assistance and coverage at other sites, including due diligence and acquisitions. Promoted in under 2 years to a property double the size. 2017 Rent growth of 5%. Maintain an average of 95% occupied. Handle all day-to-day business operations of a 317-unit property on behalf of the company. Collect market and economic information, prepare competitive market analysis as well weekly/monthly reporting. Prepare renewal and annual required reporting for Los Angeles County rent control community. Organize resident retention functions. Process Property Accounting such as Rent collection and security deposit refunds.

Park Central Apartments, Business Manager 128 Units E&S Ring Management Corporation
October 2014 – July 2016
Preforms guided tours and assist all prospective and current residents. 2015 Conversion Ratio of 35.04%. Maintain an average of 96% occupied. Handle all day-to-day business operations of a 128-unit property on behalf of the company. Assist with the takeover of new assets and provide coverage at multiple sites until a staff is in place. Collect market and economic information, prepare competitive market analysis as well weekly/monthly reporting. Negotiate and prepare renewal plan to increase net income of property. Organize resident retention functions. Process Property Accounting such as Rent collection and security deposit refunds. Distribute flyers and build relationships for outside marketing.

Avignon/Villa Del Sol, Community Director/Leasing 88 Units/565 Units
Advanced Management Corporation (formerly The Marquis before sold by owner to AMC)
September 2013 – September 2014
Handle all day-to-day business operations of an 88-unit property on behalf of the company. Assist in new ownership take over and 4.5-million-dollar renovation. Preforms guided tours and assist all prospective and current residents. Distribute flyers and build relationships for outside marketing.

The Marquis Apartment, Business Manager 88 Units Mesa Management Inc.
March 2010 – September 2013
Maintain an average of 98% occupied. Reduce delinquency by 62%. Organize resident retention functions. Handle all day-to-day business operations on behalf of the company. Negotiate and prepare renewal plan to increase net income of property. Assist all Spanish-speaking clients and translate for Spanish speaking employees. Collect market and economic information, prepare competitive market analysis. Handle marketing and advertising efforts. Prepare weekly, monthly and yearly reports. Work directly with maintenance to improve condition of apartments and property. Total rent deposits and input them into AMSI E-site, prepare batches for bank deposit. Perform guided tours of apartments and property to prospective residents. Process all appropriate paper work to verify perspective residents’ qualifications.

Homestead Apartments, Village Manager 724 Units Arnel Property Management
February 2006 - October 2008
Co-managed a 724-unit property, supervised 15 employees. Organize resident retention functions. Prepare notices and ensure residents comply with property standards and polices. Prepare renewal plan to increase net income of property. Collect market and economic information, prepare competitive market analysis. Prepare and review all lease documents for new and existing residents. Handle any problems that may arise on property (on call). Prepare weekly, monthly and yearly reports. Work directly with maintenance to improve condition of apartments and property. Total rent deposits and input them into Voyager, prepare batches for bank deposit.

Terramonte Apartments, Assistant Manager 250 Units Western National Group
October 2004 - February 2006
Reduce expenses by increasing productivity and eliminating need for additional staff. Assist all Spanish-speaking clients and translate for Spanish speaking employees. Collect market and economic information, prepare competitive market analysis. Prepare and review all lease documents for new and existing residents. Perform guided tours of apartments and property to prospective residents. Process all appropriate paper work to verify perspective residents’ qualifications. Prepare notices and ensure residents comply with property polices. Appear in court on behalf of management team.

EDUCATION
Citrus College, Glendora, CA. AS Degree
Azusa High School, Azusa, CA. Diploma
Cosmetologist license #KK447054
Contact this candidate