Rosendo Salazar
ad7nwc@r.postjobfree.com 432-***-**** San Angelo, TX 76903
Summary Dedicated dispatcher with experience leading dispatching activities using team management and complex problem-solving skills. Resourceful at juggling multiple tasks when scheduling deliveries, optimizing routes and prioritizing jobs. Practiced in opening, delegating and closing tickets with patients & accuracy.
My own words…
Hello, I would like to say, I feel as I'm very loyal and dedicated to where and whom I'm working for. I want to learn more and be able to be the one to come to for solutions and or know the right person to point you to. Team is a bug thing for me as well when everyone works together and help each other grow is where I feel like I'm a good choice to I love giving positive feed back, and letting employees know how valuable and proud I am of them.
Skills Delivery procedures
Monitoring field personnel
Improving operations
Adjusting routes
Delegating work
Schedule coordination
Data entry
Work ethic
Heavy Forklift Equipment
Trained
Rigger experience
Excel
Experience Operations Manager - Precision Crane & Transport LLC. (Odessa, TX ) November 2022 - February 2024
Directed operations staff by providing guidance, training, and support in order to meet company objectives.
Addressed customer concerns with suitable solutions. Delivered positive customer experiences by implementing effective quality assurance practices.
Established effective relationships with vendors to negotiate pricing and secure materials needed for production.
Identified areas of deficiency and performed root-cause analysis to solve problems.
Improved morale and management communication by creating employee recognition and rewards practices.
Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve business plan and profitability goals.
Enforced federal, state, local and company rules for safety and operations.
Developed and implemented strategies to meet sales quotas. Generated new business opportunities through cold calling campaigns.
Gathered data on competitors' pricing, products, and promotional activities.
Maintained accurate records of customer interactions and transactions.
Provided personalized service to build relationships with customers. Resolved customer complaints promptly and efficiently. Performed regular follow-ups with clients to ensure satisfaction with purchases.
Collaborated with team members to develop effective sales plans. Sales /Dispatcher - Diamond Tank Rental (Odessa, TX ) January 2021 - November 2022
Answered customer requests with information about product availability, shipping information and status updates. Accurately and efficiently responded to over numerous daily requests.
Managed daily delivery and work schedules to maximize coverage. Reviewed routes, daily traffic and weather conditions to adjust plans, meeting daily requirements and service needs.
Coordinated order processing, pick sheet running and invoice printing, as well as shift shipping logs and paperwork submissions. Tracked all changes in computer system to keep records current and accurate.
Set schedules, implemented new policies and worked with managers to optimize operational procedures and establish clear objectives.
Maintained current knowledge of all personnel in field and all completed deliveries or delays.
Directed operations staff by providing guidance, training, and support in order to meet company objectives.
Monitored and improved efficiency of processes, team performance, and customer service.
Ensured compliance with safety regulations and maintained a safe work environment for all personnel.
Developed and implemented operational procedures to ensure quality standards are met.
Supervised day-to-day workflow of employees in order to maximize productivity and maintain quality standards.
Established effective relationships with vendors to negotiate pricing and secure materials needed for production.
Delivered positive customer experiences by implementing effective quality assurance practices.
Addressed customer concerns with suitable solutions. Built strong operational teams to meet process and production demands.
Dispatcher - Sterling Crane (Odessa, TX )
November 2019 - January 2021
Communicated with individuals within inbound call center setting to complete dispatch support for all types of calls/job. Monitored dispatch board and adjusted call priorities regularly based on caller needs.
Answered customer invoice questions and resolved issues discovered during invoicing and collection process. Performed data import, scanning or manual keying processes to verify invoice accuracy.
Contacted vendors to follow up on late invoices.
Built trusting relationships with customers by making personal connections.
Coordinated activities with other departments to ensure quality customer service.
Lead Dispatcher - ENTREC Cranes & Heavy Haul (Odessa, TX ) November 2017 - August 2019
Developed and monitored field efficiencies and innovated new ways to improve operations, including GPS monitoring and reporting in compliance with company policies.
Trained over 40 employees on accurate triaging and dispatching procedures while personally handling daily calls.
Monitored dispatch board and adjusted call priorities regularly based on caller needs.
Processed accounts receivable, accounts payable and payroll, utilizing in-house software.
Managed daily scheduling of all labor and equipment needs and changes, embracing continuous improvement efforts. Embraced, promoted and led continuous improvement efforts to establish drivers and trucks utilized to maximum potential. Accurately and efficiently responded to over numerous daily requests.
Education and Training High School Diploma
September 2008
Continental Academy, Miami, FL
Contact this candidate