NB
NICHOLAS BISESI
ad7n87@r.postjobfree.com 443-***-**** Bel Air, MD 21015 WWW: Bold Proﬁle
Diligent Leader bringing 10+ years of experience in operations, production management, organizational development and team building within diverse industries. Proﬁcient in planning, coordinating and executing successful production strategies. Adept at improving operational stability, eﬃciency and proﬁtability. Keen to safety, quality and ensuring the job gets done right the ﬁrst time in the most cost eﬀective eﬃcient way possible. Competitive individual with a winning mentality. Anything worth doing is worth being the best at. Extremely coachable person, who believes that surrounding yourself with the right people and always learning from one another is key to being successful.
Training and Development
Cultural Awareness
Multitasking Abilities
Organization and Time Management
Quality Assurance
Verbal and Written Communication
Department Oversight
Staﬀ Scheduling
Team Leadership
Training Management
Business Leadership
Competetive
Territory Management
Customer Engagement
Production
Business Development
Organizational Management
Document Control
Business Planning
Performance Monitoring
Inventory Management
Health and Safety Compliance
Process Improvement
Logistics Oversight
Workﬂow Optimization
P&L Management
Work Flow Planning
Staﬀ Development
TruGreen Lawn Care White Marsh, MD
Senior Business Development Manager
10/2023 - Current
B2B Sales
establish new client base
maintain the largest book of business in the mid at lantic region ($900,000) oversee projects
responsible for overall sales growth of the entire branch Resolved customer complaints regarding sales and service. Established ambitious goals for employees to promote achievement and surpass business targets.
Liaised with channel partners to build business.
Developed short-term and long-term vision and strategy to achieve targeted sales objectives.
Enhanced sales volume through skilled support to both new and inactive customers.
Drafted contracts that accurately reﬂected the agreed upon terms of service.
Summary
Skills
Experience
Comcast Business Rockville, MD
Senior Business Account Executive
09/2019 - 10/2023
B2B outside sales rep covering MD, VA, DE, WV. Working with businesses both new and established on the most revenue generating telecommunication solutions. Each scenario is slightly diﬀerent so i was responsible for not only making a sale but customizing the best possible solution to ﬁt the business needs. Viewed myself as a business partner or consultant and not just your typical "sales guy."
Coty Cosmetics Belcamp, MD
Operations Manager
04/2015 - 09/2019
Helped oversee the consolidation of two distribution centers into one with project Riverside United. I was responsible to the optimization and eﬃciency of the eachpick or less then case portion of the business. Managed daily KPI's through both our manual picking and automated aframe all while constantly ﬁnding ways to improve each process by increasing maximum through put while decreasing FTE's. I had 47 direct reports all year with spikes during peak season. Across 3 shifts. Managing safety and quality was at the top of the list everyday and often viewed as the most important part of the day. I wrote and re wrote all of the standard work processes for every aspect of the daily tasks for both current and on boarding.
this role also helped me form relationships with multiple outside vendors and suppliers ans i was always looking to cut operating costs. Planned and resourced personnel and logistics for operations component exercises resulting in highly trained personnel ready to act quickly in critical roles.
Procter & Gamble Co Joppa, MD
Team Leader
10/2008 - 04/2015
Managed a team of 7 fulltime employees
Oversaw the fullcase picking aspect of the cosmetics business in the distribution center
Mentored and guided employees to foster proper completion of assigned duties.
Built strong relationships with not only my team but others through positive attitude and attentive response.
Established open and professional relationships with team members to achieve quick resolutions for various issues.
Maximized eﬃciency by removing safety hazards and debris from work areas.
forklift certiﬁed
M.E.R.T (medial emergency response team)
Champs Sports Bel Air, MD
Sales Associate
03/2005 - 07/2008
Prepared merchandise for sales ﬂoor by pricing or tagging. Engaged with customers to eﬀectively build rapport and lasting relationships.
Helped customers locate products and checked store system for merchandise at other sites.
Solved customer challenges by oﬀering relevant products and services. University of Phoenix Tempe, AZ
Bachelor of Science in Business Management
05/2011
Chesapeake College Wye Mills, MD
Associate of Arts in Liberal Arts And General Studies 05/2008
Education and Training
C. Milton Wright High School Bel Air, MD
High School Diploma
05/2006
youth baseball coach for a prestige national organization varsity baseball coach
father of three
uncle of 4
family is everything!
Activities and Honors
Contact this candidate