RESUME
OF
MD. WAHIDUR RAHMAN

Contact Address:
Aynob Cottage
Flat -5-A( 4 th Floor), 597, West Nakhal Para
Tejgaon, Dhaka -1215
Cell No. 017******** & 017********
E-mail: ad7nxp@r.postjobfree.com

Job Objective

A professional with leadership ability, who can cope up with the ever-shifting phenomenon in the business world called "change".

Career Highlight

3 years of Branch Manager.
12 years & 6 months as Branch Operation Manager
12 years & 6 months of experience in handling operation in international Banking,
5 years’ experience in Branch Banking.
Worked as Manager / Manager Operation of different branches for proven leadership and team-building skills, coupled with ability to direct strong team in managing relationship and service and possess commendable knowledge in General Banking, Foreign exchange, loans and advance.

Work History

Assistant Vice President.
& Senior Branch Operations Manager.
The City Bank Ltd,
Sonargaon Janapath, Uttara Branch, Dhaka

Assignment

Supervision / Management of Operational activities of the bank, while ensuring efficiency, effective controls.
Ensure Branch profitability, i.e. accountable for achieving set targets of assigned team in terms of asset & liability.
Monitor market & competition indicator and formulate strategies to acquire new relationship and maintain existing client to increase profitable market share.
Build goodwill of the company by providing excellent service.
Maintain a high quality portfolio.
To manage a big or moderate level branch which involves growing business in terms of loan, liabilities, customer base and revenue?
Ensure high quality service to both internal and external customer of the branch.
Manage all other activities of the branch with high ethical slandered and complying with both internal and external compliance.

Job Profile

Position : Assistant Vice President & Senior Branch Operations Manager
Bank’s Name : The City Bank Limited.
Branch : Sonargaon Janapath, Uttara Branch, Dhaka.
Duration : From 27.03.2015 to 01.01.2021

Position : Branch Manager
Bank's Name : The City Bank Ltd
Branch : Habiganj Branch
Duration : From 13.05.2013 to 25.03.2015

Position : Senior Principal Officer& Manager (Operation)
Bank's Name : First Security Islami Bank Ltd
Branch : Mohakhali Branch, Dhaka
Duration : From 22.06.2009 to 12.05.2013

Position : Branch Manager
Bank's Name : ICB Islamic Bank Ltd
Branch : Narsingdi Branch, Narsingdi
Duration : From 09.11.2008 to 21.06.2009

Position : Executive Officer
Bank's Name : The Oriental Bank Ltd
Branch : Gulshan Branch, Dhaka
Duration : From 29.04.2007 to 06.10.2008

Position : Senior Officer/Assistant Executive Officer
Bank's Name : The Oriental Bank Ltd.
Branch : International Banking Division, Head Office, Dhaka
Duration : From 13.05.1995 to 26.04.2007

Position : Officer
Bank's Name : Al Baraka Bank (BD) Ltd.
Branch : Narayanganj Branch,Narayanganj.
Duration : From25.06.1988 to 12.05.1995

Position : Assistant Officer
Bank's Name : Al Baraka Bank (BD) Ltd.
Branch : Principal Office, Dhaka.
Duration : From 01.06.1988 to 23.06.1988

Professional Experience – Foreign Exchange in Branch Level

Supervision of different field of Foreign Exchange activities of the branch.
Responsible for handling clients of Foreign exchange related to the liability account of the Branch.
Monitoring due date of payment for acceptance & coordinating for settlement.
Attend internal & external auditors for Trade finance with full confident.
Ensure timely submission of all kind of statement to Head office & also central Bank

Foreign Exchange in Head Office Level (International Division)

Monitoring the Foreign Remittance business relating to different remittance company/Exchange House in U.S.A, UK, Spain & Middle East.
Regular updating and monitoring the computerized databases.
Proper maintenance for books of Accounts as well as cover fund of the Foreign Banks and companies.
Follow-up of daily position, paid invoices status and reply to inquiry of the relative remittance companies.
Supervision of monthly statement of Foreign Remittance Company maintained with Bank.
Ensure proper submission of all reports /statements to the Remittance Business partner & also reporting to central Bank and other Authorities.
Liaison with Branches and other Banks for smooth operation of the remittance business.
Ground work & correspondence with the prospecting Exchange Houses abroad for
Establishing Remittance Business/drawing arrangement and making finalization of agency arrangements
Fund Management
Back office operations of deal settlement

Credit Department

Preparation & Analysis of Credit/Loan proposal.
Processing as well as handling of Investment proposal & procedures thereon
Financial Analysis to assess profitability, liquidity, risk & Managerial capability of borrowers by analyzing their balance sheets, income statements and fund flow statement.
Assessing the repayment capability of the borrowers by forecasting their sales and analyzing their future cash flow.
Follow-up of Investment Accounts of Branch.

General Banking

Worked in Different field of Activities of General Banking and also had my contribution for Campaign on Deposit Mobilization, Account Opening, Bills & Remittance, and Accounts Department.

Academic Qualifications

MBA : Major in Marketing & International Business.
International Islamic University, 2002
M.Sc. : Chemistry, University of Rajshahi, 1983 (held in 1986)
B.Sc. (Hons.) : Chemistry, University of Rajshahi, 1982 (held in 1983)
H.S.C : Science Group, Jessore Board, Jessore, 1979
S.S.C : Science Group, Rajshahi Board, Rajshahi, 1976

Professional Training

Training on Foundation Course in the institute of ICB Islamic Bank Ltd.
Training on Islamic Banking in the BIBM, Dhaka.
Training on International Trade payment & Foreign Exchange in the BIBM, Dhaka.
Training on Credit Management in the BIBM, Dhaka.
Training on Foreign Exchange & Money Market in the BAFEDA, Dhaka.
Training on Risk Based Capital Adequacy for Bank in the line with BASEL-II in First Security Islami Bank Bangladesh Ltd Training Institute, Dhaka.
Training on Implementation of Bangladesh Automated Clearing House (BACH) in First Security Islami Bank Bangladesh Ltd Training Institute, Dhaka.
Training on Financing in PPP Project in Bankers Association of Bangladesh Research & Training center, Dhaka.

Computer Skills

Operating System : MS Windows XP Professional
Word Processing : MS Word
Spreadsheet : MS Excel
Multimedia : MS PowerPoint

Personal Information

Father's Name : Mr. Md Abul Hashem
Mother's Name : Mst. Waheda Khanam
Present Address : Flat- 5- A, 597, West Nakhalpara, Tejgaon, Dhaka-1215
Permanent address : Holding -563, Road -08, South Bargacha, Natore.
Date of birth : January 02, 1961
NID NO : 777-***-****
Marital status : Married.
Religion : Islam
Referance : Mir Saifullah –Al Khaled
Managing Director
Meghna Petrolium Ltd.
(A subsidiary of Bangladesh petroleum Corporation)
Cell No- 017********

Mr. Tarik Morshed
Managing Director
Bengal Commercial Bank, Head Office, Gulshan Dhaka.
Cell No- 017********

(MD. WAHIDUR RAHMAN)
Contact this candidate