CURRICULM VITAE
PERSONAL DETAILS
Name : Razak Ayub
Date of Birth : 5th April 1971
Telephone : 072*-***-***
Email : ad7om2@r.postjobfree.com
Postal Address: P.O. Box 601**-***** Nairobi
PERSONAL SUMMARY
I am an enthusiastic, bright and capable driver who is experienced enough to be able to drive for up to 8 hours a day transporting staff to field stations, collecting and delivering parcels.
A quick learner who can absorb new ideas, communicate clearly and who also possesses a good team spirit and is deadline oriented.
Having a proven ability to use automatic routing or location software and to provide efficient and prompt delivery service.
Currently looking for a suitable driver position that offers variety and the opportunities to develop both personally and professionally.
CARRER OBJECTIVE
Exposure to large clientele has improved my public relations
Ten years’ experience as operations manager in a well-established bus transport company
Able to cope and work with all types of people
Eager to learn and improve relevant skills.
Ability to work efficiently as a team member.
PERSONAL SKILLS
Punctuality, Reliability and Attention to detail.
Driving safely whilst obeying all traffic laws and regulations.
Having a positive attitude, a desire and willingness to learn.
Obtaining clients signatures on delivery of paperwork, reports parcels or letters.
Providing help and advice to clients and colleagues if need be.
Responsible for the accuracy and safety of all parcels loads carried.
Reporting any mechanical problems and deficiencies with the vehicle.
Completing vehicle inspection including: gas, oil, water, tires and lights
Communicating effectively with clients to build strong working relationships
Prepared to work long hours
ACADEMIC HISTORY
1990– 1993 - Mwingi High School (Kitui County)
1980 – 1989 - Mtopanga Primary School (Mombasa County) 26th - 30th September 2012 - Attended St. John ambulance first aid certificate in Kisumu 30th August – 3th September 2010 - Kenya Institute of Highway and Technology for Defensive Driving Certificate
6th - 10th September 2010 - At Kenya Institute of Highway and Building Technology for First Aid Certificate
27th - 29th June 2011 - Attended Occupational Health and Safety Management (Basic) Certificate in Nyeri
2nd - 10th May 2008 - St. John Ambulance Kenya for First Aid Certificate 26th August 2008 - Attended stability test for drivers at ministry of Roads WORKING EXPERIENCE
WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY ( Nairobi Headquarter Office) 18th AUGUST 2012 UP TO DATE
POSITION: Driver II
DUTIES
Directly assigned to Kenya Water Security project (funded by world bank)
Driving vehicles for the project and sub-regional office while on missions to inspect water catchment areas.
Driving staff to water projects within the sub-region and country-wide for inspection and monitoring.
Ensuring safety of vehicles and passengers at all times.
Transportation and delivery wide variety of items and water equipment’s to various catchment areas.
Delivery of mails and parcels to different partner organizations, line ministries and other destinations as well as collection of mails/parcels on behalf the organization as per delivery/pickup instructions.
Observing traffic rules and taking responsibility to report any accidents to management and police.
Maintenance of vehicle on daily basis detecting any mechanical issues and maintain general cleanliness of vehicle.
Ensuring vehicle has valid documentation and insurance covers.
Assisting field officers during visits to enforce water-users regulations and obstructions within the region.
Chart out the best routes possible in order to save time by choosing best routes to destinations using maps and GPS.
Typing any mechanical defects for presentation to management.
Maintaining vehicle work ticket, log book, record of fuel and servicing.
Carry-out minor repairs including oiling and greasing.
Assisting on other clerical duties like photocopying of documents.
Ensuring safety of the motor vehicle and taking appropriate measures to safeguard the vehicle.
Any other duties assigned
WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY ( Nanyuki regional office) 11TH FEBRUARY 2010
POSITION: Driver II
DUTIES
Driving the vehicle assigned to the sub-regional office.
Driving staff to different locations within the sub-region and ensuring their safety of passengers at all times.
Delivering mail and parcels to partner organizations and collecting the same on behalf the organization.
Observing traffic rules and taking responsibility to report any accidents to management and police.
Maintenance of vehicle on daily basis detecting any mechanical issues and maintain general cleanliness of vehicle.
Typing any mechanical defects for presentation to management.
Maintaining vehicle work ticket, log book, record of fuel and servicing.
Carry-out minor repairs including oiling and greasing.
Assisting on other clerical duties like photocopying of documents.
Ensuring safety of the motor vehicle at all times.
Any other duties assigned
KENYA INDUSTRIAL ESTATE LIMITED (MERU BRANCH) -FEBRUARY 2009 – FEBRUARY 2010 POSITION: Driver
DUTIES
Transporting staff on official mission to the field
Transportation of cargo to different locations
Delivery of official mails to implementing agencies
Advising on Vehicle maintenance and arrange for regular checkup services needs
Assisting binding, photocopying and laminating of documents
Maintaining vehicle work ticket, log book, record of fuel and servicing.
Carry-out minor repairs including oiling and greasing.
Assisting on other clerical duties like photocopying of documents.
Ensuring safety of the motor vehicle at all times.
Any other duties assigned
JAN 2007 – SEPTEMBER 2008
KITUI AGRICULTURAL PROJECT
POSITION: Senior Driver
DUTIES
Transporting staff on official mission to the field
Transportation of cargo to different locations
Supervising 15 driver in their daily duties e.g. Casual drivers
Relaying drivers complaints and grievances to management
Processing insurance and all pertinent vehicle operation licenses
Advising on vehicle maintenance and arrange for regular checkup services need. JUNE 2005 – OCTOBER 2006
KAGWA ENTERPRISES LIMITED
POSITION: fleet supervisor
DUTIES
Supervising day to day transport
Planning route of office vehicles and buses
Safeguard customer luggage
Organizing private hire
JANUARY 2005 – APRIL 2005
INTERNATIONAL LABOUR ORGANIZATION (ILO)
POSITION: Driver
DUTIES
Transporting staff on official missions to the field
Transporting of cargo to different locations
Organizing and safeguarding luggage of officials traveling
Delivery of official mails to implementing agencies
Transporting staff and visiting officials to airport and hotels
Processing insurance and all pertinent vehicle operation licenses
Advising on vehicle records like logging in official trip, daily mileage and fuel consumption 8TH MAY 1994 TO DECEMBER 2005
MOMBASA COASTLINE LIMITED
POSITION: Driver / Transport Manager
Supervision of day to day transport operations of a busy transport company
Organizing deliveries of official mail to the office around the region
Supervising conductors, drivers and works e.g. loader and turn boys
Processing insurance to all buses
Communicate with HF and VHF radio within different offices in the country
Preparation of daily vehicle schedule / chart book HOBBIES
Football
Traveling
REFEREES
1. SIMON WANGOMBE
REGIONAL MANAGER
EWASONGIRO NORTH CATCHMENT AREA
P.O BOX 1331
NANYUKI
TEL: 072388751
2. RUTH SYOMBUA
PROGRAMME/ADMINISTRATION OFFICER UNHCR
P.O BOX 438**-*****
NAIROBI
TEL: 072*******
3. NANCY NZOKA
ADMIN/FINANCE MANAGER
KITUI AGRICULTURAL PROJECT
P.O BOX 242
KITUI
TEL: 072*******
Contact this candidate