Don Saxon ad7o6y@r.postjobfree.com
Huntsville, Alabama https://www.linkedin.com/in/don-saxon-3527547/
434-***-****

Professional Summary
Dynamic leader with over 24 years of progressive experience in intelligence, targeting, Joint and strategic planning within the United States Army and Navy. Proven track record of excellence in intelligence analysis, liaison coordination, and training program development. Adept at resolving complex challenges, conceiving innovative solutions, and achieving both short- and long-term organizational goals. Demonstrated expertise in All-Source intelligence, targeting, Counter-IED tactics, and logistics management. Served as a trusted advisor at senior levels, facilitating the development and implementation of Reserve policies and programs. Possesses a TOP SECRET/SCI security clearance. Committed to driving operational excellence and fostering collaborative environments to optimize mission success.
Skills

Leadership Development
Strategic Planning
Intelligence Analysis
Liaison Coordination
Training Program Development
All-Source Intelligence
Counter-IED Tactics
Logistics Management
Reserve Policy Development
Operational Excellence
Problem Solving
Innovative Solutions
Goal Setting
Team Management
Security Clearance (TOP SECRET/SCI)
Compliance Oversight
Budget Management
Staff Training and Development
Multidisciplinary Intelligence Training
Command Coordination
Compliance Auditing
Risk Assessment
Change Management
Conflict Resolution

Professional Experience
United States Army

Senior Reserve Advisor,
FT Huachuca, AZ Aug 2022-Present
Serves as the Senior Reserve Advisor and Chief, Reserves Forces Office.
Manages a DTS budget for a five-person team, including UFR development and financial projections for overseas travel.
Primary staff officer to the CG, advising on all Reserve matters and participating in the development of Reserve policies, plans, and programs.
Coordinates with the Directorate and department heads to address Reserve concerns within the mission's scope.
Reviews and provides feedback on organizational, doctrinal training structures affecting the Army Reserves.

Commander, Southeast Army Reserve Intelligence Support Center,
Gillem, GA Aug 2020-Aug 2022
Led the Southeastern Army Reserve Intelligence Support Center, serving as the functional lead for All Source for the Military Intelligence Readiness Command.
Managed all aspects of command, emphasizing individual and collective multidiscipline intelligence training.
Oversaw 30 army personnel and 100+ contractors, providing direct support to First Army for collective training events.
Liaised with multiple intelligence agencies for facility utilization and relevant All-Source courses.

Inspector General, DAIG,
Pentagon Feb 2018-Jul 2019
Conducted compliance-based Intelligence Oversight inspections and Staff Assisted Visits throughout all Army components.
Ensured unit compliance with laws, policies, and regulations concerning Intelligence Oversight matters.
Served as the focal point for reporting to the Senior Department of Defense Intelligence Official and investigated Questionable Intelligence Activity by Army units or individuals.

Senior Targeting Advisor,
Afghanistan Jan 2017-Feb 2018
Acts as Senior Targeting Advisor to Afghan Ministry of Defense (MoD), Deputy Chief of Staff for intelligence (GSG2).
Coordinates with Coalition Advisors throughout Afghanistan MoD, Ministry of Interior (MoI), Afghan National Army (ANA) to integrate intelligence resources in support of combat operations.
Responsible for Training, Advising, and Assisting (TAA) of the ANA GSG2 targeting staff officers.

Deputy of Reserve Programs,
FT Belvoir, VA Aug 2016-Jan 2017
Integrates Reserve Component military intelligence personnel and resources across INSCOM’s MSCs.
Manages 217 IMAs and ensures all Reserve Component personnel meet Combatant Commanders and INSCOM requirements.
Directs a budget of over eight million dollars.

Battalion Executive Officer,
Aberdeen, MD Aug 2014-Aug 2016
Serves as Executive Officer for the Army’s only Technical Intelligence battalion with 260 Soldiers.
Conducts exploitation of foreign weapons found in battlefields and processes information for further study.
Integrates and synchronizes plans and manages the Commander’s CCIRs.

Education
MSS, Army War College, Carlisle Barracks, PA, 2020
MSI, National Intelligence University, Washington DC, 2016
BS, Psychology/Criminal Justice, North Georgia College and State University, Dahlonega, GA, 2000

Certification
Joint Counterintelligence and HUMINT Targeting Analysis Course, 2023
Command and Staff College, Fort Leavenworth, KS, 2013
Counter Intelligence Special Agent Course, Devens, MA, 2011
G2X HUMINT Course, Fort Huachuca, AZ, 2010
Joint Intelligence Combined Task Course, Fort Huachuca, AZ, 2008
Military Intelligence Officer’s Captain’s Career Course, Fort Huachuca, AZ, 2008
Military Intelligence Officer’s Transition Course, Fort Huachuca, AZ, 2007
Warning Analysis Course (DIA), Fort Lewis, WA, 2007
Transportation of Hazardous Materials Course, Fort Lewis, WA, 2007
Nuclear Biological Defense Course, Camp Casey, Korea, 2002
Field Artillery Officer Basic Course, Fort Sill, OK, 2001
Contact this candidate