Objective: Seeking Full-time position with advancement potential using Communication skills and education to provide intelligent support to the customer
Summary:
Eight years customer service and collections representative
Seven years in home delivery service
Nine years of warehouse shipping and receiving associate
Ten years in mobile detailing and new and used cars sales
Education:
Milford Mill Academy Baltimore Md, September 1994 - June 1998 Awarded High School Diploma
Apollo College January 2007 -September 2008 physical therapy
Priority Express: Warehouse Operations Manager January 2019-Present

Manage the day-to-day operations of product placement to ensure continual productivity and to provide a safe work environment for employees, customers, vendors and volunteers.
Provide direct performance feedback and encouragement to team members to develop positive work habits.
Ability to follow-up and administer the appropriate disciplinary actions according to company policies and procedures in coordination the Human Resources Department.
Be a positive advocate of the organization to contribute to its overall mission, employee morale and public image.
Act as a liaison between the company and customers forming and maintaining positive relationships. Delegated by the customer and/or General Manager.
Manage a shift and the mail sort in Distribution Center and be accountable for achieving all productivity and quality targets. Responsible for overseeing a shift in an 24/7 operation
Parts Fleet: Delivery Driver Lead January 2017–December 2018
Trained new members regarding their in-store and on the road responsibilities. Resolved conflicts with customers in person and over the phone.
Provide prompt, reliable, and friendly customer service at the door and in store.
Make sure there is coverage for each route before departing.
Overseeing the supply chain process in distribution centers, liaise with customers and suppliers, manage and supervise employees and their performance, and ensure that safety regulations are met.
Ensure on time deliveries and all products are received without damages.
Responsible for developing and implementing a timeline for my team to reach its end goal.
Costco: Sales associate October 2016 - January 2017
Greeting customers, responding to questions, improving engagement with merchandise and providing outstanding customer service.
Keep inventory stocked and assist customers with new purchases
Assist customers with requests in store and on the phone
Demonstrate knowledge of products and services to customers
Greet customers in a friendly and polite manner
Educate customers about current promotions and advertisements
Ring up customers at the cash register, take payments, and issue receipts

Flaspoint: Warehouse Associate August 2016 - January 2017
Assist with new orders for in store and home deliveries
Processing, packaging and shipping orders accurately
Organizing stocks and maintaining inventory
Inspecting products for defects and damages
Arrange all store purchases in order for next day deliveries
Contact this candidate