Jason Counts
****C Sunlight Dr. Florence, Ky ****1
ad7oz0@r.postjobfree.com
Looking for a position where I may utilize my knowledge and experience to help grow the team and company to reach their goals.
EXPERIENCE
Great Lakes Ace
April 2024- present
Manager
Responsible for Opening and closing store and driving sales, customer service., and receiving of store goods. Learned the ins and outs of retail business and profitability. Mubea
May 2023- April 2024
Plant Supervisor- stamping
A German company that specializes in thickness of steel parts for automobiles and airplanes. With this position, I am responsible for the day to day operations for safety, productivity, staffing, and training. Multiple daily reports using SAP and day force. Troubleshooting issues is a large portion of my 12 hour shift. Meeting issues head on with productive solutions. New Source Medical LLC.
March 2022- March 2023
Northeast Operations Manager- New Source Medical
New Source Medical is a company that sells and rents a variety of medical equipment to hospitals and long and short care facilities throughout the United States. With this position, I was responsible for the day-to-day operations of six warehouses located in Boston, MA, Philadelphia, PA, Pittsburgh, PA, Charleston, WV, Akron, OH, and Dayton, OH. My day-to-day operations consists of logistics, manning, ordering, customer service, and the remote managing of twelve employees. Being a remote manager, extensive travel is involved.
Stat Experts
Jan. 2020- March 2021
Courier
Stat Experts was a company hired by the NFL, NHL, and MLB to responsibly carry to Covid samples of athletes and staff to Biolab in New Jersey in a timely manner. I was responsible in the safe delivery of these samples three to four times a week. This was a total of 12 hours per trip. I averaged 90 to 100 trips per year until the tests were no longer needed.
Peterson Cartridge
May 2019- Jan. 2020
Shift Supervisor
Peterson Cartridge was a company that produced shell casings for bullets. My position was responsible for maintaining par and inventory levels within the warehouse, shipping and receiving, as well as quality control. This position was affected by the slowdown that occurred with Covid. LyondellBasell
Apr. 2015- Apr. 2019
Plant Supervisor
LyondellBasell is one of the largest producers of plastic polymers, chemicals and refining companies in the world. I was the team leader, coordinator, coach and mentor to a team of highly trained, multi rolled, self- managing technicians. My role had responsibility for the safe and successful production of all products and processes within the plant and used continuous improvement techniques to drive production.
EDUCATION
May 2000
Bachelor of Science in Intermediate/ Elementary Education, Murray State University Minor in Social Work
SKILLS
- 20+ years of management experience
- 6+ years in sales experience
- 10+ years in a manufacturing environment
- Strong in multi-tasking
- Goal Zero Leader (safety)
Contact this candidate