DONNELL COLLINS
*** ****** ****, *********, *.C. 29944 • Cell: 912-***-**** • ad7o5i@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
As a seasoned professional with 15 plus years of experience, I am a highly motivated and results-driven warehouse
professional bringing extensive experience in logistics and distribution. I am a team player and natural leader with
excellent communication skills. As the Warehouse Manager, I am very versed in warehouse operations and logistics.
Possesses exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail. Willing to go the extra mile to meet tight deadlines
and reach company goals. I am aggressively seeking to join a dynamic and rewarding team with unlimited
advancement potential.
Skills
Warehouse and manufacturing operations Excellent time management
Safety-conscious Skilled multi-tasker
OSHA requirements knowledge Excellent sense of direction
DOT regulations Warehouse and fulfillment
Budget management Excellent time management fast learner
HAZMAT training Deadline-driven knowledge of state roads and
Current Forklift Certification highways
Certified Pallet Jack Operator
Hazardous Materials Endorsements
Proficient in MS Office
Physically fit and agile
Commercial driving expertise
Basic mathematical aptitude
Computer-savvy
Project management

Work History
Sunroad Enterprises-Warehouse Manager—2/21 to Present
Lowe’s Pro Supply-Lead Driver—3/20 to 1/21
Caruso Logistics – Savannah, Ga
Savannah Operations Lead Driver – 9/18 to 2/20
Oversee all Warehouse Operations
Create monthly schedules for drivers
Schedule and Conduct Interviews
Oversee fleet and perform light maintenance to trucks to ensure driver safety
Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service.
Communicate all emergencies, delays due to weather and carrier schedule changes to customers and
supervisors.
Direct shipments route in response to customer requests and timelines

Acme Logistics – Charleston, S.C.
Warehouse Operational Manager - 02/17 to 8/18
Oversee all Warehouse Operations
Interview and Hire all employees
Acme Logistics - Charleston, S.C.
Warehouse Asst. Manager & Courier Driver - 02/16 to 02/17
Supervised material flow, storage and global order fulfillment.
Redirected shipments en route in response to customer requests.
Maintained accurate stock records and schedules.
Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service.
Communicated all emergencies, delays due to weather and carrier schedule changes to customers and
supervisors.
Sort products for specific routes according to pick sheets.
Led warehouse improvement initiatives to advance operational efficiencies.
Tracked time spent on assignments each day for productivity reporting.
Enforced the on-time shipment of products to create exceptional customer
Beavex – Savannah, GA
Warehouse Lead & Courier Driver, 03/2012 to 12/2015

Supervised material flow, storage and global order fulfillment.
Redirected shipments en route in response to customer requests.
Maintained accurate stock records and schedules.
Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service.
Communicated all emergencies, weather delays, and carrier schedule changes to customers and supervisorLed warehouse improvement initiatives to advance operational efficiencies.
Tracked time spent on assignments each day for productivity reporting.
Enforced the on-time shipment of products to create exceptional customer experiences.
Fed Ex Courier – Savannah, GA
Fed Ex Driver, 06/2009 to 03/2012

Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service.
Communicated all emergencies, delays due to weather and carrier schedule changes to customers and
supervisors.
Tracked time spent on assignments each day for productivity reporting.
Picked up incoming stock and delivered materials to designated locations.
Badson & Cook Construction Company – Savannah, GA
Site Supervisor/Foreman, 03/2007 to 01/2009

Mixed porridge of catch basins and poured and sawed off concrete and asphalt.
Provided accurate measurements and estimates for all projects.
Requisitioned new supplies and equipment.
Consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines.
Prepared and cleaned construction sites by removing debris.
Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.
Operated equipment such as forklifts/lull/skit steer and flatbed dump trucks.
Applied chemical solutions and used polishing machines to clean all installation surfaces, equipment, tools,
work sites and storage areas.

Cardinal Distribution Company/Delivery One – Savannah, GA
Courier Driver of Pharmaceuticals & Bank Bags, 09/1996 to 03/2007
Inspected tires, lights, brakes and gas, oil and water levels.
Transported deliveries locally and over the road.
Safely loaded and unloaded deliveries according to size of load and content description.
Submitted all delivery documentation in a timely manner.
Completed basic maintenance such as minor repairs to keep vehicle neat and running properly.
Inspected the truck for defects and safe operating condition before, during and after trips.
Operated delivery vans in accordance with company safety policies and procedures.
Established and maintained excellent customer relationships.
Answered customer questions regarding delivery promptly and accurately.
Loaded and unloaded freight to assure safety and minimize risk of damage and dangerous conditions.
Invoiced, collected monies due and settled accounts each day.
Attended and participated in all driver safety meetings.
Verified all dispatch instructions.
Transported liquid and packaged materials to and from specified destinations.
Correctly marked invoices and clearly noted returns and shorts.

Education
High School Diploma: 1985
Evander Child High School - Bronx, NY
Certifications
TWIC Card Holder
Good Driving Record
Hazmat Training
Weapons Concealment Permit
Port Identification Card
Completed tear-down of existing structures and prepared for new construction
Contact this candidate