C. CLIFTON CHERRY **** Center Ave. Norco, CA. ****0
Mobile: 909-***-**** email: ad7oba@r.postjobfree.com

Executive Manufacturing/Distribution Operations Management

Core Strengths: Senior Level Business leadership, Communication & Change Management, Manufacturing Efficiencies (Opex), Facilities Layout, Project Management and Business Analytics.
Highlights of Qualifications
Value Engineering, Value Stream Mapping, Project planning, SIPOC, 5 Whys, Cause and Effect.
Administered multiple facilities from 15k-389k sq. ft. with international responsibilities.
Personal detail responsibility and supervision of $200 million flow through budget.
Direct training of staff and responsibilities of 600+ employee labor force with recent 99.42 score.
Exp. Metal sheeting, machining, polishing, plating, metal stamping, punch, laser, die cutting & bending.
Carton/LTL/FTL detail warehouse/distribution/3rd party logistics operations knowledge including launch manual creation, fleet and freight negotiations and customer sales project tailoring.
Mil 105e, ISO 9001, TS16949, LEAN & Six Sigma quality standard development & adherences.
Practicing Six Sigma black belt (non-cert) with previous green belt experiences, addressing DMAIC, etc.
Extensive Taiwan and Korean outsourcing experience developing supply chain partners.
Automotive aftermarket division location support of 145 locations including, US & Canada.
Crossdock facility designs, E-commerce fulfillment location analysis and implementations.
Authority on rigid, corrugated, laminated, value added packaging and post printing conversions.
NSF certified, HACCP compliant food facility management with Organic & Kosher certifications.

Recent experience,
Superior Duct Fabrication: 20 year old privately held custom fabricator of sheet metal components and SMACNA member with annual sales of 75M.
Facilities Manager (April 2022-Sept 2023) Responsibilities of four locations, Pomona, Camarillo, Phoenix and Las Vegas. Spearheaded regular safety inspections, expectations and LEAN tool education. Notable highlight was a LEAN “Just do it” project with spaghetti drawings reducing material handling distances of over 50%.
Created PMS (periodic maintenance schedule), machinery repair log and processed storm water, smart energy and state (CERS) guideline reports. Trained supervisor staff at each location new Business Central 365 cloud manufacturing software system.

Dawn Food Products: 100 year old privately held food bakery ingredient Mfg/Dist with annual sales of 1.73B
Operations Manager (Dec 2019- March 2022) delivering 200+ deliveries daily in excess of 500,000 lbs in So Cal market. San Diego to Bakersfield to Las Vegas. SAP-WMS software, OnBase invoicing support, Roadnet routing, Greenmile delivery tracking, JJ Keller compliance, Kronos payroll, Super SAAS appt. scheduling, Lytx incident driver monitoring, Onguard security access & Geotab driver maintenance reporting. Recent May 2021 AIB/IFS food audit score 99.42. Complete budget accountability for approx. 150k sq.ft. facility in the city of Ontario with Nat’l procedure input. Weekly Gemba walks for Standard Work & Housekeeping, IFS auditing, and Safety topic focus.

International Commodity Distributors Inc. (3 year) annual revenues $ 3-4 mil, NSF certified HACCP Director of Operations food facility packaging of dried Fruits, Nuts, Veggies and Candies for grocery and boutique chain markets. Utilization of high speed and semi automatic packaging equipment. Installment of new costing system, development of HACCP Administration with 200% year to year net income improvement.

Recent term assignments:

Norchem Corp (3 month) annual revenues $10 mil, Custom proprietary ceramic water filtration unit manufacturer located in Los Angeles, CA.
Operations Manager responsible for two conversion disciplines. Raw material conversion utilizing cutting & welding of predominately stainless steel and electronic panel system concluding with unit assembly. New Esti-track ERP manufacturing software system data organization and install.

Aerotek / International Environmental Corp (9 months contract) manufacturer ($50 mil annually) located in Oklahoma City, OK. Large domestic manufacturing of hydronic fan coil systems including label brand units such as Carrier. Sheeting, stamping, punching, laser cutting, forming etc., of stainless steel and assembly line production with sub- assemblies such as, wire crimping and harnesses, copper tube fabrication/ welding, blower and finished good assemblies. Kanban staging and receiving refinement through Continuous Improvement and Packaging Engineering initiatives resulting in over $100,000 annual cost reductions. Contributed written policies, Gemba walks and committee meetings for over one million man hours of no lost time accidents.

LKQ Corporation, (LKQX), public held Chicago based OEM recycled parts dismantler and Aftermarket distributer. 2007 Keystone Automotive acquisition with current total annual revenues in excess of $6 Billion.
Value Engineering Manager (October 2010 to April 2014)
Statistical analysis and implementation of improvement opportunities. Culture changes of current handling mechanisms and standard operating procedures, damage reductions and direction through nine regional representatives with responsibilities in the continental US, Canada and Mexico. Corporate Lean principle’s standardization direction with long term increased shareholder value improvement goals. National analysis of E-commerce location needs, and miscellaneous division(s) data analysis. Committee member for bumper cover remanufacture management and SOP manual. Single year $6 million annual savings applied to bottom line.

Keystone Automotive Industries Incorporated, public held Pomona based distributor of automotive collision components. 136 Facilities in USA and Canada. Annual revenues $700 million.
Real Estate and Facilities Engineer Manager (March 2005 to Oct 2010)
Project Mgmt (PMP), Business development planning, market share evaluations and facility analysis. Direct
Operational design involvement with over 100 facilities. Trademark involvement, packaging development and
move planning. Supply chain engineering with spoke and hub distribution relationships and cross dock
implementation. All aspects of real estate, production and building requirement identification and planning.
Promoter of “Good to Great” philosophy and “Lean Thinking”. Written multiple accepted ISO procedures and former voting member National Fire Protection Association.

Clifton Motor Corporation Inc. dba/ Nostalgia Motorcycle Company, privately held Huntington Beach based manufacturer and distributor of Harley motorcycle, original equipment and custom performance aftermarket products. All parts necessary for repair or complete motorcycle assembly.
Chairman (August 2002 to 2005)
Small business acquisition with re-branding of company image and new performance “Bandit Chrome” product line introduction. Domestic parts engineering and tolerances identification for overseas outsourcing with supply chain logistic partnerships. Implementation of new support software for rapid growth environment and development of a new builder and dealer program highlighting constant staple “A” performers.

Spyke Incorporated, privately held Downey based manufacturer and importer of motorcycle and automotive after market products. High torque starters, transmissions, optical ignition systems, charging kits, distributors, inverted chrome front ends etc. Annual revenue $ 6 million
Vice President of Operations (August 2000 to August 2002)
Rapid research, development and market implementation of concept products into the motorcycle and automotive after markets. Domestic market entry with fast cycle time importing of detail specific ready components. Strategic positioning of company for rapid growth through facility purchase, new production layouts and installation of manufacturing software (Millennium 3) and systems. Extensive overseas vendor interactions in Taiwan and Korea reducing production costs and developing new products. Cell manufacturing environments for starter, front end, CNC and transmission assemblies.

MGM CONVERTERS INCORPORATED, privately held Cerritos based mfr. converter for the printing trade. Emb/deb, foil stamping, die cutting, scoring, bindery and rigid packaging. Annual revenues $ 8 million.
Director of Manufacturing (July 1999 to August 2000)
Converter for the printing industry. All post printing conversion processes, scoring, stamping, die cutting, gluing, binding etc., including a rigid packaging division. Responsibilities for all personnel, machinery and facility functions. Primary development functions growing the company from a small job shop, to a fully functional multiple job-processing manufacturer. Structure creation, as well as, personnel development and new packaging division implementation. Highlight creating a well oiled, “make ready team”. Military 105E quality control initiation with a long-term goal of ISO certification. Marketing planning and Sales force training for packaging division.

CHERRY DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT, sole proprietor packaging design and production services contract / consultant company.
Clients include: (October 1998 to 1999)
Multiple rigid packaging design concepts for Mattel Toys, Schmit Cannon, Madducks, Graphic Alliance, MGM Grand, Showcase, etc. as well as, sample construction and production feasibility analysis for overseas production. Design and Utility patent application processing. Packaging business plan development. Asian packaging outsourcing services. Identification of Internet revenue generation sources.

CLASSIC MANUFACTURING, INC., privately held City of Industry based manufacturer of custom packaging for the cosmetic, health and beauty aids, entertainment and chocolatier markets. Annual revenues $ 10 million.
Director of Operations (1995 - 1998)
Responsibilities for all aspects of a 600+ employee custom manufacturing work force. Aggressive, tactful, and results oriented time study application utilizing automated machinery for sub-component assembly in a hand assembly environment. Master production scheduling of two separate manufacturing disciplines, materials conversion and end assembly, purchasing, quality and inventory control and all warehouse functions. Die cutting, lamination, blow molding, vacuum forming, Crathern, Kolbus and PSA label machinery. Intricate involvement running the sample department incorporating design construction and a bid pricing structure. Demonstrated an outstanding safety awareness, reducing injury loss every year while maintaining strong employee number growth.
THE HOME DEPOT, a NYSE listed Atlanta, Georgia based company highlighting do it yourself home improvement hardware materials. Annual revenues western division $4 billion.
Distribution Center Manager (1994 - 1995)
Carton goods distribution center located in Fullerton, Ca., servicing 126 stores with merchant imports and domestic and international cross dock carton goods. Responsible for creating and implementing annual two hundred million-dollar throughput budget. Effectively operated as a cost center added to the cost of goods with an annual operational percentage of 2.19 and freight percentage of 2.25. Divisional and corporate development responsibilities implementing a slip-sheet program as well as creating an import slip-sheet stud program. Established and conducted a new team concept and facility layout. Analyzed, wrote, and supervised multiple studies including contributing input to a Mega DC feasibility (one million square feet facility) study and installation of new Catalyst Distribution System.
DYNASTY CLASSICS CORPORATION, a NASDAQ listed Carson based importer, manufacturer and distributor of lighting and Christmas products. Annual revenues $85 million.
Director of Distribution and Facilities Management (1992 - 1994)
Responsible for all distribution and facility functions. Supervised raw material and imported goods receiving, finished goods processing and shipping which include the warehouse order pulling, labeling and carrier negotiations and contracts. Five hundred import container a month volume accentuated with a Maquilladora manufacturing facility. Responsible for all facility functions for these buildings, including office buildings, remodeling, HVAC air conditioning systems, fire protection, power requirements, landscape.
Administered hazardous materials programs in Orange and Los Angeles counties. Established and documented usage and handling material plans with the AQMD, EPA, and LPPP.
PILZ COMPACT DISC, privately held Rancho Santa Margarita based, German owned manufacturer of compact discs. Annual revenues $5 million.
Production and Distribution Manager (1989 - 1992)
GREAT WESTERN FOAM, privately held city of Orange based manufacturer of polyurethane foams and carpet pad underlay. Annual revenues $100 million.
Traffic Manager (1987 - 1989)
JAM DISTRIBUTORS, INC., privately held Orange based health and beauty aids distributor and packaging facility. Annual revenues $4 million.
Operations Supervisor (1985 - 1987)
EDUCATION
AA degree in General Education Saddleback College, Mission Viejo, CA
BA in Business Administration Cal. State University Fullerton, CA
11,000 + hours applied to Project Mgmt. cert. Former NFPA voting member

Value Engineering-LEAN principles-MRP-Materials Requirement Planning-PMP-Project Management-Customer Relationship Mgmt.-L.E.T.- Leadership Effectiveness Training-SCM-Supply Chain Mgmt.-P&L- Profit and Loss-EIT-Executive Improvement Team-FCT-Fast Cycle Time-ISO-9000 Standards-BPI-Business Process Improvement-Distribution-Cross dock-CAD-Computer Assisted Drawing-Cell and Lean Manufacturing-Flow chart processing-MRPII-Manufacturing Resource Planning-Time study applications-World Class Manufacturing-OEM-Original Equipment Manufacturer-JIT-Just In Time-Six Sigma-MIL105E-Military Q.C. Inspection Standards-ISO TS14969-JDI-Just Do It-ISTA/ASTM pkg specs-TQM-Total Quality Management-WMS/ Inventory Mgmt.-CPI-Continual Process Improvement-KPI- Key Performance Indicators-NFPA/IFC/IBC-CMM-Coordinate-Measuring Machine-Heat Treatment/Annealing Powder gear/Plastic injection-Polishing/Chroming/Polyurethane foams-A3 creation & management CTQ- Critical to Quality-ERP-Enterprise Resource Planning-Smart Goals-CI- Continuous Improvement- Gemba walks-Kaizen/Kanban-Yama Zumi boards-Fishbone Diagrams-Muda (7) elimination-Visual Management-Value Added Packaging.-Prelude ADS/ JDE/ AS400/ Millennium 3-Point of Sale/ Project X-Polyethylene, Polyurethane Polypropylene, Thermoplast, Thermoset-Mex., Mequiladora Ops.-Acquisitions/Market analytics-Metallurgy, Steel/Alum/Copper-Korea/Japan & Taiwan sourcing- Standard Work Instruction-PPAP-Production Part Approval Process-Hydronic Fan Coils-Ceramic Filtration/Waste Water Stainless Steel Form/Weld/Assy. HACCP, NSF, SQF, Organic & Kosher food certifications, Sap-WMS, Onbase invoicing, Roadnet routing, Greenmile delivery tracking, JJ Keller compliance, Kronos payroll, SuperSaas appt. sch, Lytx incident, OnGuard security, Geotab maint. AIB/IFS, CERS reporting.
Contact this candidate