Maria Mewing-Holbein
General Management
Self-starting Manager focused on successful team building, brand enhancement, cost-savings and operational improvements without impacting quality of products and services. Reliable team player committed to building high-quality results. Well organized, attentive to detail and vigilant in achieving safety and environmental impact reduction objectives. Motivated to grow and continue life-long learning. Skills
Natural leader
Project Management
Customer relations specialist
Work Independently
Strong Interpersonal Skills
Data-Driven
Work History
2021-01 - Current Janitorial Operations Manager
The Budd Group, Winston-Salem, NC
Established positive and effective communication among front line staff, facility client, and organization leadership, reducing miscommunications and missed deadlines.
Identified and resolved unauthorized, unsafe or ineffective practices amongst 30+ front line employees.
Collaborated cross-functionally to refine procedures, devise best practices and enforce quality metrics with TeamTask.
Increased storeroom compliance for Joint Commission Accreditation in 90% of Atrium accounts and 80% of General Janitorial accounts. Introduced initial rollout of TeamTask tablets to Atrium sites. 2007-09 - 2021-12 Business Owner/Operator
The Dust Masters Cleaning, LLC, Winston-Salem, NC
Winston-Salem, NC, 27106
336-***-****
ad7pfj@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/mariam
ewingholbein
https://bold.pro/my/maria-mewing-
holbein-230*********/158
Put together realistic budgets based upon costs and fees for successfully operating business, increasing revenue 10% each year. Devised and deployed sales and marketing tactics to drive strategic growth and support achievement of revenue goals, including rapid response social media.
Served as primary point-of-contact with suppliers and contractors to achieve inventory expectations, quality control and cost savings. Led 100% of job posting, screening, hiring, training and staff scheduling to maintain positive customer service and quality delivery. Consulted with customers to assess needs and propose optimal solutions. Employed prompt decision-making and in-depth research to resolve cleaning issues in specialty requests.
Monitored staff performance, business metrics, proposals, invoicing and payments via Housecall Pro application (mobile & desktop) Trained and motivated employees to perform daily business functions 2006-08 - 2007-05 Teaching Assistant
Hillsboro Christian School, Hillsborough, NH
Onsite staff for DVD based curriculum for fourth grade. Graded assignments and tests, providing constructive feedback to students based on results.
Maintained engaging and respectful educational environment by promoting discipline and cooperation.
Maintained safety and security by overseeing students in recess environments.
Handled class records for attendance, assignment grades and course participation scores.
Monitored student behavior in classes, and on field trips for unsafe or rule- breaking concerns.
Tutored struggling students individually and in small groups to reinforce learning concepts.
2000-11 - 2003-08 Adminstrative Supervisor
Home Health And Hospice, Peterborough, NH
Enforced rules and regulations outlined in company manual to set forth expectations comprehensibly and consistently.
Handled complaints, resolved issues, and made home visits. Created successful work schedules for CNAs and Homemakers to maintain deadlines and fully staff clientele.
Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives, and communication goals.
Identified unsafe or unhealthful workplace conditions or hazards to enforce safe work practices and procedures.
Solicited customer feedback to identify and improve on areas of weakness.
Collected, arranged, and input information into database system. Monitored workflow to improve employee time management and increase productivity.
Promoted the agency at community events.
1995-01 - 2000-01 Program Manager
PLUS Company, Nashua, NH
Education
1991-05 - 1991-05 Bachelor of Science: Graphic Communications Fitchburg State University - Fitchburg, MA
Interests
Dog/Animal rescue
Gardening
Contact this candidate