Philip Clark
425-***-****
ad7qqx@r.postjobfree.com
Professional manager with 25 years experience in the Transportation Industry. Detail oriented individual, who creates an organized culture of success and growth company wide. Well versed in balancing competing priorities, while performing calm, comfortable decisions which result in the upmost customer service satisfaction. Temco Logistics/Operations Manager: November 2022 – September 2023
Supported the Terminal in all aspects, as directed.
Fleet Tracker – responsible for fleet inventory based on customer demands, scheduled Preventative Maintenance through Penske, processed camera offenses with Driver Teams.
Office Support – managed 4 Customer Service Representatives with 2 Driver Managers to ensure on time and smooth completion of delivery routes throughout the day. Created a weekly Staff Roster, recorded Customer Feedback Scores and completed weekly Parts Ordering.
Check In – responsible for processing all returning route trucks (18-25 trucks nightly). Audited correct billing for each stop, with the Driver Teams.
Customer Satisfaction – provided resolution for escalated customer complaints. Shared Customer Feedback Scores with all Driver Teams, motivating for increased results.
Route Monitoring – ensured stops were completed on time (250-300 stops daily) and monitored compliance with all Driver Teams throughout the day.
Safety – processed all Injury Reports and Vehicle Incident Reports in a timely fashion. Crystal Springs Water/Route Manager: July 2019 – November 2022
Route Supervision – responsible for ensuring excellent customer service of 10 delivery trucks. Monitored delivery service rate and motivated Drivers for increased sales of Crystal Spring products.
Hire/Terminate – assisted in the hiring of Drivers and confirmed all Drivers were in compliance, acting accordingly.
Route Coverage – scheduled vacations and covered routes to completion when necessary.
Customer Service – provided resolution for escalated customer complaints, communicating all scores to Drivers motivating for increased results.
Managed Morning Checkout – ensured all product securely loaded on delivery trucks for that days route. Assisted the Drivers with Vehicle Pre Trip Inspections before trucks departed from Terminal.
Training – trained new employees for their completion of Class B CDL license. Trained Drivers for Pre Trip test, created study guide and video for said test. Ritchie Trucking/Operations Manager: May 2015 – June 2019
Facility – ensured the facility met cleanliness requirements, equipment maintained and requisitions ordered.
Damage Claims – processed all Damage Claims, scheduled Site Inspections, created denial/approved claim letters and negotiated disputes.
Customer Service –monitored all Driver time frames and quality of service scores throughout the day. Communicated Team scores and motivated for increased results. Resolved escalated customer complaints for increased scoring results.
Safety – OSHA Certified, de-escalated hazards in the workplace, First Aid inventory and communicated hazards.
Load Out – kept communication open with all contracted Teams, ensuring morning Load Out was completed timely with correct product being loaded. Graduate of Skagit Valley College: 2013 - 2014
Associates in Technical Arts Degree – Degree includes Business Management, Entrepreneurship, General Business Management and Retail Management Basics.
Contact this candidate