S SHAKYIA Augusta, GA *****.
S SHAW srhoshweS*macon
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Empowering with leadership success combined with superior operations management. Excels in fast-paced environments
with focus on customer satisfaction and high-quality team performance. Leverages team strengths to coordinate workflows
and allocate resources.

Strategic General Operations Manager leads by example, builds strong relationships and influences frontline staff to drive
results. Delegates and manages projects and activities in time-sensitive environments. Excellent written and oral
communication skills to deliver engaging, informative and well-organized presentations.

Stays on top of demands in fast-paced environments by effectively using slow periods. Maintains organized, clean, and safe
work areas with diligent attention to important details.

SKILLS
+ Loss Prevention * Operations Oversight + Business Development
+ Store Organization + Customer Relations
EXPERIENCE
Assistant Store Manager May 2023 - January 2024

Family Dollar Augusta, Ga
+ Reduced shrinkage with successful loss prevention strategies.

+ Monitored inventory levels to plan orders and meet store demands.

+ Built and managed successful retail teams through recruiting, training and encouragement

Work From Home Agent January 2021 - September 2022
Teleperformance Augusta, Ga
+ Resolved product or service issues by clarifying customer complaints and determining best solution.

+ Supported efficient field operations by creating work orders, coordinating appointments and managing billing,

+ Scheduled appointments for customers as needed according to their preferences.

Stocker August 2018 - May 2019
Walmart Augusta, Ga
+ Identified products in need of restocking by taking accurate inventories.

* Collected cardboard and bound for transport using automatic baling machinery.

+ Operated warehouse equipment. forklifts and pallet jacks to move loads.
EDUCATION

High School May 2020
Cross Creek, Augusta, Ga
Contact this candidate