Carl Schneider
Area Manager

To establish a career with a company where teamwork and dedication are considered to be positive traits.

Experience

**** – July 2024
Operations Manager UCS Traffic Control
Build a local team of up to 20 employees to meet and beat company revenue and profit goals. Train and promote employees to several different positions to build a team of quality traffic control employees.
2023 – 2024
Field Supervisor Lambert Cable

Work with Lamberts work force assigning daily work assignments.
Create safety rules and enforce rules during worksite inspections.
Work with multiple Field Auditors who work with sub-contractor crews to establish schedules and completion dates. Approve daily timesheets and billing approvals. Edit and record sub billing and invoicing. establish schedules and completion dates. Approve daily timesheets and billing approvals. Edit and record sub billing and invoicing.
2021 - 2023
Area Manager AWP Safety
Develop a team of managers that can operate offices in geographic locations throughout Maryland and Delaware employing 200+ employees. Establish revenue forecast and profitability to meet company budgets and goals. Create a safety culture that allows employees to return safe from work zones daily,
2016 – 2021
Facility Manager AWP
Build a local team of up to 100 employees to meet and beat company revenue and profit goals. Train and promote employees to several different rolls to build a team of quality traffic control employees. Train and hire new managers and assistant managers. Coach and mentor employees in driving company assets in a safe and professional manner. Establish new clients to achieve company metrics

2014 – 2016
Operations Manager AWP
Entered a start up office with 4 employees and built a team of 45 within the first year. Responsible for scheduling work, establish new accounts, train and coach employees in the field of traffic control. Create training modules, responsible for office P&L as well as safety and corrective action discipline.

/

Skills

Teamwork
Organization
Leadership
Scheduling
Invoicing
Payroll
Training
Office 365
Metrics
Multi-tasking

Contact

3100 Eden Drive
Abingdon, Md. 21009
443-***-****
ad7q5g@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate