LEANNE VANMETER
OAKWOOD, VA *****
276-***-****
ad7q34@r.postjobfree.com
Knowledgeable Pharmacist-in-Charge with excellent leadership and pharmacy management abilities. Well-versed in current regulations, recall procedures and medication contraindications. Oversees, directs and manages staff effectively to maintain compliant operations. Knowledgeable operations manager well-versed in pharmacy regulations, safety requirements and security standards. Adept at mentoring and directing team members, administering immunizations and resolving customer problems with efficiency and professionalism. Current MANAGEMENT and IMMUNIZATION certifications. Licensed Pharmacist with over 40 years working with management and technicians in establishing robust systems for dispensing medications. Practiced in compounding, packaging and labeling of diverse pharmaceuticals. Lead and direct REATIL pharmacy operations to protect patients and meet operational targets. Proficient in managing support staff, overseeing inventories and working with patients to provide top-notch support. Well-organized, efficient and diligent about preventing errors. Dedicated Retail Pharmacist skilled at assisting and instructing customers in proper use of medications used to treat acute and chronic medical problems. Excellent interpersonal, communication and training skills developed over 40 YEARSs of progressive experience. Well-versed in LEGAL standards and pharmacy regulations.
Delegating assignments
Dispensing medicines
Calculating doses
FDA regulations
Supervising technicians
09/1985 to Current
MEDICAL PARK PHARMACY
Grundy, VA
PHARMACIST iN CHARGE-MANAGER
Calculated dosage, filled prescriptions and prepared prescription labels. Achieved optimum staff performance through proactive management and monitoring of daily activities. Oversaw and verified work of [Number] pharmacy staff to maintain optimum quality controls. Checked medication orders against appropriate standards of care and recommended therapy changes to treating physicians and facility staff.
Offered clinical expertise to help resolve drug-related questions and concerns initiated by staff and administrators. Educated staff on regulatory changes, drug recalls and investigational studies. Implemented cost-containment strategies covering both dispensing and procurement activities. Checked medications for content, accuracy and completeness of drug packaging and labeling. Advised patients on potential drug interactions and side effects, proper dose timing and medication storage. Reviewed packages and medication bottles for proper labeling before distributing to patients. Maintained compliance with state and federal drug laws. Delivered pharmacological education to patients by responding to and answering questions and explaining medication side effects.
Counseled patients on drug therapies to ensure proper intakes. Prepared medications based on physician orders.
Stocked, labeled and delivered medications to patients and caregivers. Answered patient questions and data requests.
Verified prescription information against safety guidelines and insurance limitations to protect patient health and financial interests.
Trained new technicians to provide excellent customer service which resulted in higher customer satisfaction scores. Administered vaccines to immunize patients against communicable diseases. Administered flu immunizations to patients to prevent illness and promote well-being. Maintained confidential financial and patient information to reduce risk of data breaches. Supervised staff of [Number] and motivated top performance against pharmacy objectives. Managed inventory and reduced costs by negotiating prices with multiple generic pharmaceutical suppliers. 07/1982 to 07/1985
BCHANAN GENERAL HOSPITAL
GRUNDY, VA
ASSISTANBT DIRECTOR oF PHARMACY
Reviewed medication errors and adverse drug events to implement quality improvement measures and boost organizational performance.
Executed advanced inpatient pharmacy care services and practice standards. SUMMARY
SKILLS
EXPERIENCE
Directed pharmacy staff and medication management workflows to support efficient and cost-effective use of medications. Created and maintained facility documents and records, maintaining accuracy while managing sensitive data. Managed operations in accordance with budget requirements. Initiated training and education programs for supporting healthcare staff. Collaborated with Quality Team to develop outcomes statistics. Headed clinical oversight to devise and establish policies, procedures and best practices in alignment with regulatory requirements.
Optimized case and clinical management and recommended plans to improve safety and health programs. Recruited and hired intelligent clinical and administrative staff to bolster skills set of already talented team. Checked the pharmacy area regularly to ensure that it was kept neat, clean and free of debris. Updated procedures necessary for compounding, mixing, packaging and labeling medications. Formulated and implemented testing and interpretation practices and procedures to maintain standards of care and quality assurance benchmarks.
SOME COLLEGE (NO DEGREE): HEALTH
Emory And Henry College, Emory, VA
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: PHARMACY 06/1982
MERCER UNIVERSITY SOUTHERN SCHOOL oF PHARMACY, Atlanta, GA EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Contact this candidate