Work History
Davena
Lutz
Contact
Address
Nixa, MO 65714
Phone
417-***-****
E-mail
ad7qqw@r.postjobfree.com
m
Skills
Motivated
Retention
Management
Multitasking
Problem solving
Human Resources
Payroll
Having almost 20 years of experience, I am looking for a forever home. I am driven to be successful and love to watch my employer be successful as well. Hoping to find a company that offers growth, as well as stability, I cannot wait for an opportunity to use my skills and ideas to grow. Having no lack of determination, failure has never been an option for me and this is shown in my work.
Operations Manager
Arise Logistics LLC, Springfield, MO
Conducted regular performance reviews, identifying areas for improvement and developing action plans
to address them.
Supervised operations staff and kept employees
compliant with company policies and procedures.
Developed systems and procedures to improve
operational quality and team efficiency.
Led hiring, onboarding and training of new hires to fulfill business requirements.
Empowered employees to take ownership of their
responsibilities, leading to increased accountability and improved performance outcomes.
Handled staff training initiatives aimed at upskilling the workforce to meet dynamic industry demands.
Established positive and effective communication
among unit staff and organization leadership,
reducing miscommunications, and missed
deadlines.
Analyzed data trends to identify potential
bottlenecks in operations workflow, implementing
strategies to mitigate risks accordingly.
Directed initiatives to improve work environment,
company culture or overall business strategy.
Implemented process improvement to shape
organizational culture, optimize procedures for
higher efficiency and help company evolve and
grow.
Developed strong relationships with vendors,
resulting in better pricing and improved service
quality.
2023-01 -
2024-04
Managed budgets effectively, consistently
delivering projects on-time and within financial
constraints.
Identified and resolved unauthorized, unsafe, or
ineffective practices.
Oversaw facility maintenance, ensuring optimal
functionality of equipment and infrastructure at all times.
Achieved higher employee retention rates by
fostering a positive work environment and providing opportunities for professional growth.
Reduced turnaround time for project completion
through effective resource allocation and team
management.
Trained and guided team members to maintain high
productivity and performance metrics.
Reported issues to higher management with great
detail.
Assisted in recruiting, hiring and training of team members.
Interacted well with customers to build connections and nurture relationships.
Recruited, hired, and trained initial personnel,
working to establish key internal functions and
outline scope of positions for new organization.
Scheduled employees for shifts, taking into account customer traffic and employee strengths.
Tracked employee attendance and punctuality,
addressing repeat problems quickly to prevent
long-term habits.
Observed each employee's individual strengths and
initiated mentoring program to improve areas of
weakness.
Reduced financial inconsistencies while assessing
and verifying billing invoices and expense reports. Implemented innovative programs to increase
employee loyalty and reduce turnover.
Updated and resolved incidents and managed
accessorial charges objectively while maximizing
profit.
Tracked trends and suggested enhancements to
both challenge and refine company's product
Education
offerings.
Launched staff engagement, gender diversity and
cultural programs in addition to robust reporting tool that increased operational quality.
Operations Manager
Legacy Trucking Inc, Springfield
My responsibilities include load coordinating for 43 trucks and 50 drivers, resolving issues, brainstorming with the senior leadership, working closely with
drivers and office staff for the first four years of the position then handling all brokerage responsibilities, which included billing, retention and company
growth.
2017-10 -
2022-12
Operations Manager
ADZ Trucking Inc, Springfield
My responsibilities included load coordinating for 22 trucks and 30 drivers, handling day to day issues, working closely with drivers and office staff,
providing knowledge and skills for driver retention, implementing hiring process, managing all
regulations and fees, conducting write ups and
coaching, responsible for payroll and general
ledger.
2007-04 -
2017-10
Customer Service Representative
AT&T, Springfield
My responsibilities included handling inbound
customer service issues, offering services and
products, overcoming objections with assumptive
sales, and achieving recognition in the SBC Top 10. 2003-07 -
2007-04
Bachelor of Arts: Psychology/Sociology
Drury University - Springfield, MO
Contact this candidate