ABOUT ME
Award winning track record of increasing profitability. Skilled at problem solving, staff retention, and people development. Experienced in opening of new restaurants and rebranding of existing units. Ability to think out of the box with innovative marketing techniques, labor control practices and hiring strategies. Owner/operator of a full-service bakery specializing in scratch cooking utilizing local purveyors. TIMOTHY CLELAND
R E S TAURANT OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT
Plymouth, MA
ad7rol@r.postjobfree.com
(781) 336 – 7681
EDUCATION
EXPERIENCE
OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT: Coordinated new store opening of full service brew pub. Oversaw construction, design, licensing, staff hiring, training and POS programming/implementation combined with additional duties. Produced the top profiting restaurants through careful review of COG, labor line, and expense lines. Implemented new menus. Responsible for accurate payroll entry and processing. Generated accurate sales forecasts on weekly and monthly basis. Experienced in formulating annual budgets. Accountable for execution of all catered events for banquet facilities. Final accountability for all aspects of sales and profitability including P & L management. Oversaw three separate properties for Rock Bottom restaurants as the City Manager for the Boston region. Accountable for development and implementation of all local restaurant marketing. Administered all accounts payable.
Illinois State University
Bachelors of Science -
Psychology
AWARDS & RECOGNITION
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
General Manager of the Year, Rock Bottom Restaurants (2000) Top Profit Achievement, Rock Bottom Restaurants (1998, 1999, 2000, 2001) Top Profit Producer, Piccadilly Pub Restaurants (2010) Honey I’m Home Bakery featured on NPR, Edible Cape Cod & Patriot Ledger linkedin.com/in/timcleland78
2008-Present: Owner/Operator, Honey I’m
Home, Plymouth, MA
2019-2020: General Manager, Bravo Cafe,
Providence RI
2017: General Manager, Moby Dick Brewing
Company, New Bedford, MA
2014-2016: General Manager, Fire + Ice,
Boston, MA
2012-2014: General Manager, McCormick &
Schmick's, Boston
2008-2012: General Manager, Piccadilly Pub,
Foxborough, MA
1998-2008: Senior Managing Partner/City
Manager, Rock Bottom Restaurants,
Boston, MA & Chicago, IL
CUSTOMER SERVICE: Accountable for all social media updates and postings, responses, and follow up to guest feedback. Responsible for training and service standards. Coordinated the hiring process within each operation of responsibility. Point person on guest interaction, customer correspondence and resolution to guest complaints. Proficient in writing annual business plans, competitive reviews, and quarterly marketing plans. TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT: Coordinated team building events with Pine Street Inn & Greater Boston Food Bank leading the team in serving dinners and donated food. Delegated and followed up on job responsibilities of the management team via weekly team meetings. Created rotating, quarterly organizational charts. Mentored newly hired managers prior to placement in outlying locations. Ensured developmental compliance of management assistants and trainees via follow up on assigned tasks and ongoing one on one meetings. Regularly produced annual staff turnover below 120% by hosting all staff and departmental "round tables" designed to gain insight and share ideas.
Contact this candidate