IKELA MCDOWELL

Ce

PROFESSIONAL
‘SUMMARY

Proven Shift Assistant a Coalition forthe Homeless, adept in problem-solving and rial
‘thinking, enhanced customer loyalty thraugh empathetic resolution of complaints. Excelled
in staff raining, ensuring team colisboration and leadership. Demonstrated exceptional
time management and communication skis driving consistent quality and performance
improvements. Sef-sarting Operations Manager offering high-level experiance in
‘supervision of workover and completion operations. Adept at directing work of completion
‘consultants and completion supervisors. Successful introducing lean manufacturing 0
increase productivity and cut casts af completion. Well ganized, attentive to detail and
Vigilant in achieving safety and environmental impact reduction objectives. Detal-oriented
‘team player with strong organizational skils. Ability to handle multiple projects
‘simuttaneausly with a high degre of accuracy, Organized and dependable candidate
{successful at managing multiple priories witha postive attitude, Willingness Take on
‘added responsibilities to meet team goals. To seek and maintain full-time position that
offers professional challenges ulzing interpersonal skils, excellent time management and
problem-solving sil.

SKILLS

“Customer service focus *Ciitieal Thinking
‘Workplace Safety ‘Computer Skils

«Staff Teaining and Development ‘Excellent Communication
‘Employee Motivation ‘Active Listening

Customer Service ‘Team Collaboration

‘+ rablem-Salving ‘Relationship Building

‘Time Management ‘Team Callabortion and Lesdership
‘Teamwork and Colaberation ‘Flexible Schedule

‘Multitking

WORK HISTORY

‘SHIFT ASSISTANT 1/2022 ta Current

Coalition for the Homeless, Washington, OC

‘ Colaborsted with other Shift Assistants to create consistent standards across ll sits.

‘Located and resolved prablems with team production and performance ta maintain
consistent quality levels.

‘+ Monitored daily and weekly key performance indicators to maintain on-track status.

“Participated in raining programs to enhance product knowledge and customer service
skill

‘+ Responded to customer requests for products, services, and company information.

‘Handled escalated calls efficiently, finding satisfactory resolutions for both customers and
the company aie

‘+ Resolved customer complaints with empathy, resulting in increased loyalty and repeat
business.

‘+Managed high-stress situations effectively, maintaining professionalism under pressure
while resolving disputes or conflicts.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science: Expected in 05/2027
Strayer University - Washington, DC

High School Diploma 06/2011
Contact this candidate