RONALDO BALAROTI

CONTACT INFORMATION
Address: *****, ***** ***
Orlando, FL 32827
Cel Phone: 689-***-****
E-mail: ad7s22@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE:
I seek challenging opportunities where I can fully use my skills for the success of the organization as well as Grow professionally and personally.
I am a proactive, focused in results professional, with more than 20 years of experience in the retail and industry small and médium companies.

EXPERIENCE:

SALES DIRECTOR
Balaroti Comercio de Materiais de Construcao S.A.
Curitiba, PR, Brazil
March 2021 – March 2024
Responsible for:
Developing and executing strategic plans to achieve sales targets.
Creating and communicating sales goals and ensure executives are informed on the progress of those goals.
Building and maintaining long-lasting, strong relationships with customers while partnering with them to better understand their business objectives and needs.
Understanding industry-specific trends and landscapes.
Effectively communicating value propositions through presentations and proposals.
Reporting on forces that shift strategic directions of accounts and tactical budgets.

OPERATIONS MANAGER
Fratelli Industria e Comercio Ltda
Curitiba, PR, Brazil
February 2013 – March 2021
Responsible for:

Overseeing the day-to-day operations of the business.
Managing production schedules, ensuring quality control, coordinating with suppliers and distributors, and implementing efficient processes to maximize productivity.
Managing the budget, analyzing data to identify areas for improvement, and ensuring compliance with health and safety regulations.

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER
Balaroti Comercio de Materiais de Construcao S.A.
Curitiba, PR, Brazil
June 2005 – December 2012
Responsible for:

Analyzing data from shipping and delivering processes to find bottlenecks and other issues.
Monitoring logistics to make sure they run smoothly.
Maintaining supply chain inventory and records.
Training and guiding employees.
Finding cost-effective solutions for supply chain processes.
Resolving issues that come up (e.g. delays in delivery, accidents).
Collaborating with other departments to create coordinated plans for business growth.
Developing and implementing safety guidelines in all aspects of the supply chain (e.g. use of trucks, forklifts).
Ensuring supply chain processes meet legal requirements and standards.
Communicating and negotiating with suppliers and vendors to land more profitable delas.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor in Business Administration
Universidade Positivo – Curitiba, PR, Brazil
January 2003 – December 2006

LANGUAGES:
Portuguese – Native
English – Advanced

SKILLS:
Excellent leadership and communication skills,
Team leading and motivating,
Solid understanding of food safety regulations and quality control processes.
Excellent knowledge of supply chain processes
Excellent organizational and project management skills
Attention to detail
Creative problem-solving
Strategic and analytical mind
Ability to drive the sales process from start to finish
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills
Ability to articulate the distinct aspects of services and products
Knowledge of how to develop client-focused, differentiated and achievable solutions
Contact this candidate