DAVID W. HICKS
Shelbyville, Indiana *****
· 317-***-**** ·
ad7smu@r.postjobfree.com

MANAGEMENT:
Facilities, Operations

Seasoned professional with extensive experience in the automotive and agriculture science industries, specializing in logistics, metal stamping, robotic weld assembly, and plastic injection molding. Proven track record in managing greenfield operations and plant acquisitions. Demonstrated expertise in developing patented synchronous delivery systems, overseeing multi-site operations, and achieving financial targets. Adept in MRP, ERP, SAP, and R3 applications, with strong leadership skills and a focus on operational excellence.

Visionary Plant Operations Management · Servant Leadership · Lean Manufacturing · Agriculture · Budgeting
· Supply Chain Management · Logistics · Project Management · Start-Up Operations
· Strategic Planning · Metal Stamping · Robotic Metal Assembly · Maintenance · Plastic Injection Molding· Reorganizations · Change Management · Expense Control · Mergers/Acquisitions
OSHA · Operational Turnarounds · Assembly Automation
Overhead Reduction · Training/Development

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Custom Renovations · 6-5-23
A mid-sized, independent company offering services to both small businesses and large corporations. Custom Renovations is a privately-owned firm providing solutions to a diverse clientele, ranging from startups to multinational enterprises.

Director of Operations and Marketing
Responsible for combining operations in Indiana and Ohio to re-brand the organization with strategic times.
P&L responsibilities including consolidating current operations while partnering with outside opportunities to achieve maximum profitability.

Rebranded company to fit current market expectations.
Partnered with several brands to expand current enterprise
Increased 2023 revenue by $50k, with another $50 k projected for 2024.
Increased staffing to meet potential revenue surges.
Implemented safety and quality standards across the organization.
Implemented standard payroll and company policy.

Corteva · 1-4-13 – 3-4-23
Corteva Agriscience is an agricultural chemical and seed company. It is active in the research and production of seeds, seed traits and treatments, crop protection, digital services, and inoculants. Corteva has a global presence, with production and manufacturing facilities across the United States, sub-Saharan Africa and Asia.

Site Leader/Plant Manager
Responsible for 2 production plants and a Regional Distribution Center, shipping products worldwide.
Full P&L responsibility as well as accountability for the Safety, Quality and Delivery aspect at each plant with a total of 14 direct reports and 160 full time employees.
Responsible for $750M + in sales per year.

Major Highlights/Accomplishments:
Reduced TRR from 3.8 to 0.
By utilizing many methods, and demonstration of servant leadership the team accomplished record-breaking safety goals of 865 days without a recordable injury.
Reduced quality calls from 17 in 2014 to 4 in 2022.
Reduction of over $200K annually in labor cost.
Implemented process of acquiring full time hires during and immediately following COVID 19.
Reduced and maintained equipment downtime to less than 3% in 2 plants.
During the 10-year period launched, monitored, and directed over $400M in capital projects.
Developed and implemented daily, weekly, and monthly metrics to align with 2- and 5-year plans.

Pridgeon and Clay, Franklin. Indiana · 10-1-10 – 12-30-12
Automotive stamping and robotic weld assembly provider, with sales of $12M ~ $15M and 100 employees

Plant Manager
Responsible for operations including engineering, manufacturing, tool and die, maintenance, purchasing, production control and human resources.

Major Highlights/Accomplishments:

Maintained labor efficiencies to 20% of sales.
Start-up of 25 new products, stamping and weld cells during 2011 with 0 missed launches, 0 missed PPAP’s and 0 PPM.
Launched 16 new products the first quarter of 2012 with 0 missed launches, 0 missed PPAP’s and 0 PPM.
Establish employee training for all associates including staff members and machine operators. (Ivy Tech / DDI)
By insuring proper preventative maintenance, reduced PPM from 445 to 4 within 12 months.
By implementing proactive communication, increased employee morale and reduced turn-over from 37% to 7%.
Developed and implemented metrics to evaluate performance, weekly and monthly.

One Solution Logistics, Greensburg, Indiana · 5-7-07 – 9-23-10
Tier one automotive logistics provider, with sales exceeding $191M and 2000 employees, offering supply chain management from nine locations within North America. This project was created from a greenfield operation.

Operations Manager (production phase)
Responsible for all facets of operations, 6 direct reports and 193 indirect reports with a 22% temporary workforce. Responsible for $20M of sales, $17M labor and $1M of capitol and variable expense control.

Major Highlights/Accomplishments:
Budget preparation and analysis.
First year profit before tax of 20%
Restructured organization to accommodate mass production.
Helped establish future training for first line supervisors and managers. (Purdue / DDI)
Implemented train the trainer program.
Designed and developed synchronous delivery system, end of arm pack tool, end of arm pick tool (patented), container unloader and an Early Warning Detection System (patent pending)

Operations Manager (greenfield phase)
Responsible for all aspects of a Greenfield operation, from reviewing and approving blueprints, requisitioning equipment, hiring associates, and creating project schedules. I was instrumental in hiring the necessary team of managers and staff to fulfill job requirements to meet expected goals and expectations.
Full responsibility for the entire organization including Engineering, Quality Control, Systems, Operations, Transportation, Production Control, Maintenance, Sales and Finance.
Responsible for establishing first year budget, establishing operational standards, as well as establishing training goals, policies, and procedures for a Greenfield operation

Major Highlights/Accomplishments:
Developed patented world class inventory system. (Scan point to scan point)
Developed patented equipment to process returnable containers to suppliers.
Developed patented ergonomic lifting device to ensure ergonomic compliance.
Established proficient plant layout, and process flow.
Instrumental in establishing handbook, policies, and procedures for a start-up company.
Sold over $250 k in production carts to Honda Automotive Manufacturing.
Successful start of on time delivery to automotive assembly line. (Zero downtime)

P.K. USA, Shelbyville, Indiana · 7-24-2000 – 11-22-06
Tier-one automotive supplier of chassis suspension and body structures to industry giants, including Nissan, Saturn, Toyota, Subaru, and Isuzu. Joint venture between Press Kogyo and Mitsui Ltd. generating annual revenues totaling over $150M.

Senior Production Manager
Responsible for operations and provided budgetary management of corporate headquarters encompassing $20M worth of labor and $5M worth of variable expenses. Coordinated performance of the organization's largest plants including 429 direct/indirect reports in the areas of stamping, robotic assembly, and plastics. Monitored performance and regulatory compliance with a strong focus on productivity, quality, safety, delivery, and cost. Generated detailed reports to the Vice President, communicated with personnel, organized production meetings, reviewed, and approved material requests, and supported establishment of goals/targets.

Major Highlights/Projects:
Achieved profit turnaround from a $10M annual deficit in 1999 to over $7M profits in 2005 through increases in SPM, reductions in downtime, and operational improvements.
Eliminated $100K of plastic scrap monthly for 14 months by implementing quality DOJO’s, training, and tooling improvements.
Supported introduction of plant policies and procedures in compliance with QS9000.
Delivered bottom line profits totaling over $139K in the first month of operation for a purchased bankrupt Oxford Automotive plant in Canton, Mississippi.
Reduced workforce from 87 to 66 personnel.
Slashed inventory from 1 week to 12 hours, capturing more than $25K savings in warehousing costs monthly.

2010-2016 – Owner - Two Amigos Restaurant

EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree in Business Science
Indiana Wesleyan University 2006-2010
Contact this candidate