GEORGE NATZIC
***** ******* *** *******, ***** **078
Director of Operations Operations Manager




Professional Summary
A results-driven, and innovative leader with over 25 years of experience in developing corporate, financial, and operational strategies to achieve exceptional growth, productivity, and profitability. Demonstrated expertise in building long-term, sustainable businesses by assembling and empowering high-performing teams to exceed business objectives. Strategic partner on executive leadership teams, consistently ensuring alignment with performance expectations and organizational goals. Renowned for coaching and developing teams to deliver against key business metrics, while continuously seeking opportunities to enhance quality, efficiency, and productivity. Provides timely, accurate, and comprehensive reports on company operations. Expert in reducing costs, increasing profits, and implementing robust control measures. Most recently over an eight-month period I on boarded OCRV’s Collision Center to become a fully certified Rivian EDV repair facility. This program was significant by way of providing continuous uptime services to the Amazon fleet. I possess current working knowledge of electric vehicles and advanced driver assistance systems.
Skills
Product Development
Organizational Development
Financial Planning and Strategy
Project Management
Technology / Agriculture Technology
Process Improvement
Budgeting & Cost Reduction
Engineering / Product Development
Business Forecasting & Analysis
Compliance Management
Strategic Leadership
Profit & Loss (P&L) Management
Aircraft, Automotive, Manufacturing
Business Development and Sales
Work History
Chief Operating Officer OCRV Center 12/2022 - 6/2024
Ran operations, business process improvement, sales, and marketing, collaborating closely with the owner, adjusting the company to have positive net income within one year.
Managed day-to-day operations and financing activities, ensuring operational efficiencies.
Increased annual revenue by $1M and bottom-line profits by 62% in 18 months by restructuring debt and improving cash flow management.
Guided teams through significant changes with clear communication and decisive leadership while increasing employee morale.
Developed comprehensive financial plans to support long-term business objectives, reducing operational expenses while maximizing profitability.
Spearheaded the organizational restructuring, to onboard Rivian’s policies and procedures for Amazon’s electric delivery vans, created a more agile and responsive team structure.
Utilized CCC One software daily to run operations.

Co-Founder / Chief Executive Officer Grow Pod Solutions 07/2016 - 12/2022
Directed operations, sales, product development and financial strategies within this agricultural technology company, specialist in designing and manufacturing indoor farms. Design and maintain the HVAC systems within the farming environment.
Delivered strategic leadership while providing executive services to maximize shareholder value, installed efficient environmental control systems in grow pods and growth chambers.
Achieved 30% year-over-year revenue growth since inception through strategic planning and cost reduction, built and installed systems specifically to feed the undernourished.
Increased production efficiency, reducing workforce by 8% from 2020 to 2022, created indoor farms utilizing far less water with hydroponics and LED lighting.
Oversaw talent acquisition, building a diverse team of skilled professionals while attracting top talent.

Chief Executive Officer / Chief Operations Officer LUNAR PAGES 01/2006 - 06/2016
Increased performance and drove profitable growth by leading all aspects of operations for an established provider of enterprise IT solutions, global web hosting, infrastructure, and business process outsourcing.
Actively increased revenue 4x and increased gross margins year over year while growing customer satisfaction.
Crafted strategic objectives and directed management teams in the execution of tactical plans.
Managed all our data center cages such as the leases, environmental controls, power, and bandwidth.
Successfully reversed the negative trends and immediately implemented turnaround strategies.
Directed ongoing analysis of the competitive market to identify eight acquisition opportunities resulting in developing new business by adding over 6 million in revenue with a high ROI.
Replaced fragmented operational approach with a cohesive, financial-driven model using highly correlated metrics in full alignment with strategic business objectives.
Realigned the IT infrastructure and created a cost-effective technology asset lifecycle reducing infrastructure hosting moving customers into the Amazon Cloud.
Strategically deployed state-of-the-art data centers, call center platforms and business intelligence solutions for long-term business scaling, world-class service, and robust analytics/reporting.
Instituted internal controls to pass audits and become SAS 70 / SSAE 16 certified.

Founder / President PRECISION DEVELOPMENTS 03/1996 - 01/2006
Ran this leading supplier of precision pattern equipment for the aircraft, automotive, medical, and the aerospace industry.
Successfully launched and grew the business from a start-up operation focused on supplying pattern equipment to aircraft and automotive industry.
Secured business with military suppliers, aerospace/defense, automotive, motion and control technology companies requiring tooling.
Produced advanced Pattern Making processes with the use of software-driven CAD/CAM models and utilizing full tool automation with NC milling centers.
Adopted Rapid Prototyping methodology to improve product development cycles reducing product lead times. Expertise with sand castings and all finishing operations.
Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA) University of Phoenix.
Bachelor of Science Business Management (BSBM) University Phoenix.
Harvard Business School Executive Leadership Program, Making Boards More Effective, Corporate Decision Making, Mergers and Acquisitions.
United States Navy Engineering Specialty Pattern Maker, Foundry, Cast Metals Expertise.
Key Skills Assessment
Dynamic insight into the technology industry with strategic planning, organizational development, business development, acquisitions, finance, quality control, and business process improvement.
Passionate about being part of an exceptional leadership team and motivated by the challenge of building great organizations and creating lasting shareholder value.
Fervent about influencing organizations in a positive manner by leading training and coaching.
Contact this candidate