Troy Escomiendo
Chino Hills, CA *****
***/***-****
ad7uf8@r.postjobfree.com
Education:
Keller Graduate School of Management, Pomona, CA
MBA in Information System Management
Graduated: April 2018
DeVry University, Pomona, CA
Bachelor of Science in Network Communication Management Graduated: April 2017
DeVry University, Pomona, CA
Associate of Applied Science in Network System Administration Graduated: April 2016
Skills:
• Microsoft SQL Server 2012 R2
• Remedy Force
• Salesforce
• SolarWinds
• System Center Operations Manager 2012 R2(SCOM)
• VMware-vSphere Client
• Active Directory User Administration
• Avaya Support
• AppDynamics Version 3.9.5.2 build 11
• Confluence version 6.0.3
• JIRA version 7.4.1
• F5 Load Balancer
• Splunk
• Routers and Switches
Professional Experience:
Department of Probations, San Bernardino County, CA December 2021-Present Automated Systems Technician
Duties may include, but are not limited to, the following: 1. Act as liaison with the County's centralized data processing organization, vendors or consultants to coordinate the implementation, daily operations, maintenance and control of a department or group's data processing services, evaluate and document performance and modify procedures to meet user needs.
2. Receive and reviews requests for technical support services and products, write work orders for approved requests, confers with DIS or vendor personnel to correct hardware and software problems. 3. Coordinate or perform installation, maintenance and repair of data processing equipment, research and troubleshoots possible problems in workflow or equipment, perform routine operating procedures such as system start up, shut down and systems backup. 4. Code or assist in coding packaged or utility software applications, user menus and tables, design reports, forms, and computer screens.
5. Instruct operators and users in the set up and operation of data entry or data terminal machines and peripheral equipment, plan and coordinate vendor training for the department or group. 6. Establish procedures to control the auditing of source documents and computer outputs, develop written procedures and user manuals for automated systems, maintain records on job schedules, work orders and data processing bills, assure computer and data security. 7. Consult with department or group staff regarding production requirements, deadlines, flow of work and scheduling priorities, gather information required for systems development. 8. Coordinate the acquisition of computer products and services, install and instruct employees on the use of various unmodified packaged software for word processing and other business applications. 9. Review output documents and test data to ensure accuracy, meet with local or central data processing personnel to identify and correct problems. 10. Explain the benefits to be derived from and the possible applications of data processing systems, explain file layouts to users.
11. May supervise a small support staff.
12. Prepare and maintain necessary reports, records, and correspondence. 13. Provide vacation and temporary relief as required. Department of Health Services, LA, CA March 2018-December 2021 Data Management
1. Monitoring Patients Records
2. Applying numerous application: IBM, Cerner
Green Dot Corporation, Pasadena, CA July 2016-March 2018 NOC, System Support Administrator
1. Monitoring over 2000+ Servers (Non-Production, Production, Firewire) 2. Troubleshooting user’s and customers tickets
3. Running Database Queries on Production Servers
4. Monitoring 336 Network Circuit’s
5. Blocking foreign IP addresses
6. Applying Disk Space with VMware
7. Rebooting Server’s physically and virtually
8. Monitoring SQL queries through production
9. Linux Active Directory Servers
10. Monitoring User’s account with Salesforce
11. Applying SQL Queries on production servers
12. Monitoring Database Response Times
13. Monitoring FireWire for Apple 503’s (Timeout’s or Latency) 14. Experience in establishing procedures, conducting acceptance testing on software tools. 15. Assisted in documenting Help Desk calls that require higher level research and investigation. 16. Responded to desktop related connectivity problems such as issuing or resetting customer passwords.
17. Instructed end-users on navigation and utilization of on-line computer related programs and procedures.
DeVry University, Pomona, CA May 2016-July 2016
Help Desk IT Support
1. Installing and configuring computer hardware operating systems and applications 2. Monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks 3. Talking staff or clients through a series of actions, either face-to-face or over the telephone, to help set up systems or resolve issues.
4. Troubleshooting system and network problems and diagnosing and solving hardware or software faults
5. Providing support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports 6. Following diagrams and written instructions to repair a fault or set up a system. 7. Supporting the roll-out of new applications
8. Setting up inexperienced users' accounts and profiles and dealing with password issues 9. Responding within agreed time limits to call-outs. 10. Working continuously on a task until completion (or referral to third parties, if appropriate 11. Prioritizing and managing many open cases at one time 12. Rapidly establishing a good working relationship with customers and other professionals, such as software developers
13. Testing and evaluating innovative technology
14. Conducting electrical safety checks on computer equipment US Army, Fort Drum, NY May 2004-November 2014
Automated Logistical Specialist
1. Fixed various printers.
2. Utilized various computer applications for inventory, organization, and accounting purposes. 3. Inventory Management
4. Commanders Safety Course
5. Composite Risk Management Course
6. Helped Develop a superior maintenance program with the company. 7. Demonstrated competence in ability to operate SAMS-1E, insured every task was completed. 8. Coordinated the largest blood drive in the company with over 100 donations with a 12-hour period
9. Displayed a genuine concern for every soldier, always ensured their safety and welfare under a demanding schedule
10. Cross trained two soldiers on the system SAMS-1E operations to allow mission productivity to continue in absence
11. Obtained a knowledge of planning and maintenance which contributed to ensure parts reconciliation exceeded 98 percent.
12. Enforced discipline and accountability of recoverable parts that were able to be restored, placed:
a. $500,000 back in the Army’s Supply System
13. Maintained 100 percent accountability of all personal and equipment valued over $300,000. 14. Maintained US Army Secret Security Clearance from 2/19/2010-2/19/2020 15. Earned SSA USARPAC Supply Excellence Award FY11-FY12, while competing against 38 similar organizations
16. Arranges work schedules, vacations, and holidays which also approves time off requests of subordinates.
17. Evaluates work performance of employees.
18. Network Connectivity to several army units by using Virtual Satellite Antenna Terminal.
Contact this candidate