Byron Burns
RESUME

**** ****** **** **. ****** Haven FL 33880
Phone or Text: 260-***-**** Email: ad7vmy@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

MOVED TO FLORIDA JUNE 2020

BLB Lean Consulting LLC Owner - Self-employed as a Lean Consultant Aug 2020– Current

I offer Lean Consulting from with 30 yrs. Of Lean Leader and Management Methodology
Offering Daily Weekly and long-term Lean Consulting Services as needed.

oWith training background in all TPS Tools: operations leadership, project management, EHS, and quality systems.
oAll aspects of lean: preventive process, lean tools, team development, logistic planning, APQP, problem solving and strategic planning.
Omega Process Solutions Bremen In. Quality and CI Manager Aug 2019 – Jun 2020

Quality Manager responsible:

oQuality functions, Audit Compliance as required, Support Monthly Reviews, Gemba Boards, KPI with daily goals.
oResponsible for lean activities and measurables.
oDeveloped and Implemented TS 16949

0MTD (Manchester Tool and Die) Lean Manager/Operations Manager Sep 2014 – Oct 2019

Responsible for all Lean activities

oDeveloped MTD’s first PDM (Policy Deployment Plan) annual plan.
oFirst “LEAN” training KPI SQDC Lean activities and Annual Safety and Health Gap Analysis Certifications
oDaily Gemba Walks KPI with Root Cause Analysis
oQuality Systems ISO audit certification With No Action Items
Updated and launched the IOS 9001:2015

BLB Lean Consulting LLC Owner - Self-employed as a Lean Consultant

Subcontracted for ASV (Allied Specialty Vehicles) New Acquisitions
Jul 2013 – Sep 2014
oContracted for 18 weeks to implement Model Cell Concepts for ASV
oMDI Cell Boards with Daily Gemba walks.
oMDI Model Cell Concepts New Acquisitions:
oLaunched their first lean initiatives at new locations.

ASV /AIP Wheeled Coach, Fleetwood RV Op Ex, and Purch Manager Jul 2008 – Jul 2013

Launched Lean Management

oDeveloped new product developments process (APQP)
oLaunched Lean Manufacturing and developed a Lean Culture
oHoshin Kari Deployment with a 5-year plan
Achieved 5-year plan in 3 years.
oDirected and guided the Lean process Certification.
oStarted the Lean certification program in January 2009 and certified 108 associates, staff the first year.
oDeveloped the Bronze and Silver Lean Certification Program
oKPI,s reported monthly at all levels of management
oTransferred new acquisitions from another state to Florida

Freudenberg NOK Lean and Quality Manager (three location) Jul 1992 – Jul 2008

Responsible for all technical aspects of Lean for the Automotive Tier One Supplier of plastics, rubber molding and CNC production products, including:

oToyota Production System certified training, Value Stream Mapping and Team Development
oSupplier logistical projects, supplier sourcing projects, Impacts of Inventory management
oHoshin Kanri Strategic Training, and develop and track Monthly KPI
oBusiness Process Improvements, supplier Development and VS Mapping
oModel Cell Concepts with Gemba Boards for tracking daily process and Root Cause Analysis
o5-S, Production Preparation Process (3-P), Set-up Reductions, Productivity Improvement
oDirected, organized, and facilitated all major (over 400 majors) and minor Kaizen events with lean tracking metric.
oConducted several training modules with several suppliers on the basics of Lean Manufacturing
oConducted several Executive Overview Training modules with suppliers and customers.
oTrained and led all the manufacturing associates to promote continuous improvement on a daily basis
oPrepared and achieved the Shingo Award (Award for Manufacturing Excellence) in our VCT facility and was Recognized for the VNA location.
oDeveloped and maintained an active Lean Steering Committee to include all staff members and production associates in selecting the projects that supported corporate goals
oActive with Honda Trouble Shooting Team and OEE Implementation, as the acting Quality Manager.
oDeveloped an ISO, TS, IATF 16949 quality system through Lean business process and lead on audits.
oSaved Freudenberg NOK over $5M in hard savings and $2M in soft savings
oProject Manager: supplier launch and development a new bushing program for a new Honda product line.
oResponsible for training and certifying “Lean Systems” for all Green and Black Belt candidates.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Business Courses (Ivy Tech. Fort Wayne, IN)
Freedom Academy Business and CAD Courses
Six Sigma Green Belt Certification
Six Sigma Master Black Belt Certification - Freudenberg and recertified at Wheeled Coach
Master Black Belt “Lean” Certification (2 years program completed)
o5-S, SWI, OPF, OEE, TPM, Focused Factory, SMED, VC, Production Smoothing
oMDI Managing Daily Improvement
oPDM, Kan Ban, 3-P, Jidoka, Model Cell, VSM (business and shop floor)
oShop floor Kaizen, SPC and Poke Yoke, Business Process, RPA, Lean Quest
oValue Engineering/Analysis Certified Training
Develop and Train on Control Plans, PFMEA, DFEMA, Process Flow etc.
Proficient with JDE, MRP, QAD, Mapics, Excel, Epicor and more..
Training and tracking OEE
Shingijutsu Gemba Training (Japan Gemba Kaizen Experience)
Facilitated and organized Quest / Blitzs events
ISO, TS and IATF 16949 Quality Systems Development and Internal Auditor Training
Proficient with Microsoft Office, Excel, Power Point, Word, Mapics, QAD, QSI
Global Gemba Certifications at 2 FNGP locations

REFERENCES UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate