PATRICK
INGALLS
*** * ****** ***, ********, NY *3204
315-***-****
ad7wgq@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
Reliable distribution and inventory control professional offering 13 years of experience managing shipping, receiving and inventory operations. Well-versed in inventory audits and product staging, while being dedicated to accurate record-keeping, work site safety and timely issue resolution. I am seeking an opportunity to utilize my knowledge in all aspects of warehouse management.

Skills

●Inventory Management
●Distribution and Warehousing Management
●Shipping and Receiving Management
●Operational Efficiency, Logistics & Document Preparation
●Vendor Relationship Management
●Deadline and Schedule Management
●Production Planning
●Process Improvement and Team Management
●Relationship Development and Team Building

Experience

River Valley Foods
Syracuse, NY
Warehouse Manager
December 2023-Current

Oversee day to day operations of all warehouse functions, including managing staffing levels, productivity, workloads and inventory utilizing SOPs
Support budget and forecasting process to drive improved profitability, including the development of key distribution center metrics for tracking and reporting daily, weekly, and monthly performance
Review of financial information and budgets monthly to meet or surpass profitability targets
Build monthly, quarterly and annual performance goals and define objectives to meet set goals
Establish and achieve warehouse operations human resource objectives including recruiting, selecting, training, coaching, counseling and disciplining staff
Manage efficiently and effectively to support day to day operations while completing key projects and analysis
Work closely with department managers to provide warehouse solutions to improve our service to both internal and external customers while effectively managing costs
Empower others to perform at high levels and execute set policies and procedures promoting the use of KPIs

Heartland Payment Systems
Rochester, NY
Senior Product Advisor
August 2023-December 2023

●Maintain a base of payroll clients and provide exceptional customer service to them
●Interact with clients to obtain payroll data and accurately enter data for processing
●Collaborating with business owners to build a relationship and customize a plan best suited to their needs
●Meet deadlines and respond quickly to inquiries, even during times of high volume
●Learn and maintain a working knowledge of Heartland Payroll Software and other products.
●Assist clients with reports, problems, or other issues
●Reach out to clients regarding new products and services
●Develop relationships with other departments to ensure a positive customer experience

GoPuff
Liverpool, NY
General Warehouse Manager
June 2021 – March 2022

●Responsible for all warehouse operations including, deliveries, inventory, equipment, and systems while driving improvements to key performance indicators (KPIs) such as: Order Picking Time, Order Dwell Time, Drive Time, Order Defect Rate, and Cost Per Order
●Monitor and maintain financial performance of the site by ensuring that budgeted productivity, labor, and other expenses are achieved while implementing plans to improve the financial performance of the warehouse
●Ensure compliance with legal policies, procedures, and regulations for the warehouse
●Implement and monitor operational and quality assurance reviews, HR compliance, asset protection and safety controls
●Responsible to train and develop site leadership to ensure confidentiality of information, documentation and assigned records as well as train on controlling expenses to adhere to site budget and sales volumes
●Develop and implement action plans to improve performance, while guiding staff on how to effectively execute company programs

TJ Sheehan Distributing
Liverpool, NY
August 2007 - May 2020

Warehouse Manager/Inventory Control Manager
January 2016 - May 2020
●Completed timely and accurate logs to keep internal reporting accurate and effectively track product movements.
●Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to vendors to obtain replacements or refunds.
●Offered expertise in inventory management and current stock levels to internal teams and customers to facilitate accuracy and product availability.
●Controlled inventory transactions to reconcile ordering processes with demand forecasts.
●Maintained damaged goods records, backorder logs, and any applicable regulatory reporting.
●Safeguarded warehouse operations and mitigated liability by establishing and implementing employee training on safety and security protocols.
●Increased efficiency and effectively supervised team members to achieve optimal productivity.
●Developed and maintained automated tracking systems, hard copy files and records to enhance warehouse workflows.
●Handled high-volume paperwork and collaborated with accounts payable/receivable department to resolve invoicing and shipping problems.
Night Warehouse Manager
April 2009 - January 2016
●Managed loading, unloading, movement and sorting of products to keep deliveries on schedule.
●Met and boosted warehouse operational needs by overseeing dispatching, ensuring efficient staffing schedules and resourcing materials and equipment.
●Hired, trained and evaluated warehouse staff to meet departmental needs and targets.
●Drove personnel performance by appraising job results, counseling personnel on needed improvements and disciplining substandard conduct.
●Performed freight management functions to assist associates with any irregularities found for incoming and outbound freight.
●Set and enforced proactive inspection and maintenance schedules to keep equipment in good operational condition.
Shipping Coordinator
September 2008 - April 2009
●Coordinated shipping requests for expedited delivery and documented accurately to achieve correct billing.
●Collaborated with shipping department staff to facilitate smooth materials returns to correct vendors.
●Liaised between warehouse personnel and customers to facilitate account and operational needs.
●Generated all documentation and information required for customer shipments.
●Maintained excellent working relationships with customers by efficiently responding to inquiries and complaints concerning work orders, invoices and shipments.
●Coordinated dispatching of drivers to accomplish daily delivery requirements.
●Handled day-to-day shipping across the entire footprint.
Merchandiser
August 2007 - September 2008
●Arranged consistent shelves, bins and racks at locations by following established planograms.
●Updated pricing and signage to complete product displays and educate customers.
●Completed seasonal windows/in-store displays to showcase available products.
●Prepared interesting and innovative visual displays to grab customer interest and promote sales.
●Transported merchandise to the sales floor and restocked shelves, racks and bins.
●Maintained neat and clean work areas for professional appeal.
●Assembled promotional displays, including quarter and full-size point of purchase displays.
●Inspected merchandise for quality and arranged proper display location on floor.
●Built end caps and aisle displays to highlight products and support latest promotions.

Education

Bachelor of Arts - Communication
Curry College
Milton, MA
May 2004
Contact this candidate