Joshua Sailor
McKinney, TX ***** C: 516-***-**** ad7wpj@r.postjobfree.com
Fraud Investigator
Loss Prevention Specialist ~ Fraud Detection Strategies ~ Program Administrator ~ Risk Assessment Manager
Versatile, results-driven security/policing professional with in-depth experience at conducting and completing in-depth fraud investigations, evaluating and analyzing potential fraud indicators to identify unusual activities and implement new process to limit potential financial losses. Skilled at gathering and analyzing data, conducting thorough investigations of all case materials, and prepare/present detailed reports regarding key findings to senior management team. Thrive in high-stress environments, developing strong, cooperative relations across all organization levels to ensure compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and policies related to fraud and financial crimes. Adept at supporting any and all prosecutorial efforts.
Areas of Expertise
Case Investigations & Program Management
Data Gathering, Evaluation & Report Development
Project Management Methodologies
Know Your Customer (KYC) Policies
Analytical Thinker & Critical Problem Solver
Banking Industry Compliance & Regulations
Policy / Procedure Development & Maintenance
Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs)
Data Analysis & Report Development
Team Training, Development & Mentoring
Key Skills Assessment
Operations Manager – Experience in evaluating QA/Compliance processes, collaborating with internal and external partners and with Financial Operations team to achieve defined program goals and objectives.
Case Manager – Skilled in gathering, analyzing, and evaluating criminal case information, conducting interviews and record searches, collaborating/sharing intelligence while maintaining accurate records of all investigation findings.
Strategic Performer – Developing and implementing high-impact financial audit/investigation procedures and process, collaborating with management to ensure new strategies align with corporate service and financial goals.
Project Manager – Directing multiple concurrently running projects, interfacing with key stakeholders and business leaders to identify opportunities/key business drivers and create actionable plans to resolve issues.
Professional Experience
McKinney Police Department, McKinney, TX
Police Officer, 10/2023 to present
Recruited to provide direct support in implementing and maintaining all community policing procedures. Provide end-to-end public safety/security, working with peers to patrol designated areas, enforce state and local laws and ordinances, and apprehend suspects to ensure protection and security of general public. Respond to emergencies, crisis situations, accidents, and potential crimes in a calm and purposeful manner. Investigate criminal offenses, collect and preserve physical evidence, and document witness statements. Serve as a representative in promoting a positive image to the public.
Key Accomplishments:
Hand-picked to serve as community liaison, positively representing the city at a wide variety of local city events.
Ensure prompt and accurate filling of all reports and arrest affidavits with the city/county District Attorney’s office.
Recognized by senior leadership for consistently providing outstanding service in assisting stranded motorist.
Earned commendation for diligently working to track, locate, and recover an endangered missing person.
Blue Mist Pressure Washing, McKinney TX
Owner / Operator, 03/2023 to Present
Utilize entrepreneurial spirit and strong work ethic to oversee all aspects of opening and operating this local house washing firm, specialized in working with local residents and real estate agent to clean and wash houses. Market and promote services to clients, assess/price projects, and assign and lead crews to complete jobs to highest quality standards. Hire/train new crew members. Track sales, maintain records, and file taxes.
Key Accomplishments:
Built profitable business from the ground up, growing strong referral network of happy clients.
Established strong vendor/supplier relations, sourcing and negotiating contracts to reduce costs.
Manage entire project bidding process, processing payroll, and preparing equipment for new jobs.
New York Police Department, New York, NY
Sergeant / Detective / Police Officer, 07/2013 to 10/2023
Built 10+ year career of accomplishment and promotion for one of the premier law enforcement agencies in the world to leading and directing a team of law enforcement professionals in addressing any/all safety and security issues for designated patrol areas, protecting and serving local community. Worked with senior leadership to identify and anticipate unit’s needs and recommend procedural changes to improve and implement best practice policing solutions. Monitored all unit activities to ensure adherence to departmental policies and regulations.
Key Accomplishments:
Recognized for building a strong rapport with community, serving as face of the department to the public.
Instrumental in establishing new processes to conduct bank fraud and animal cruelty investigations.
Administered unit training and retraining officers as needed to improve performance.
Investigated/arrested suspect to close the largest benefit card fraud investigation in Queens valued at $150K (’21).
As Sergeant, drove process to successfully arrest the man who used an automatic weapon to shoot up a deli.
Honored as “Cop of the Month” in 2018 for solving a homicide that led to the identification and arrest of suspect.
Awarded the “ASPCA Officer of the Year” (2017) for expertly handling all the animal cruelty investigations.
Recipient of over two dozen medals for outstanding service, valor, and going above and beyond.
Desimone Real Estate, Lynbrook, NY
Real Estate Agent, 03/2021 to 10/2023
Built and maintained an impressive record of success in marketing and selling residential properties to a wider range of clients. Fostered strong client relations, guiding buyers/sellers step-by-step through the entire real estate process from locating properties that meet the unique needs of each client to negotiating price, presenting offers, and preparing contracts. Served as an intermediary between the buyers and sellers, coordinating with title companies, lenders, and other parties to ensure a smooth error free closing. Performed market analysis to seller, buyers, and appraisers
Key Accomplishments:
Honored as “Top Producer” in selling 16 homes in less than 9 months in 2021.
Devised aggressive marketing strategies to sell properties and support quick sale of properties at the highest value.
Employ professional, empathic heart in listening to clients’ and developing tailored plans to meet their need.
Educational Background
Southern New Hampshire University, Manchester, NH
Pursuing Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice (Expt. 2025) ~ Member of Presidents Honor roll (3.9 GPA)
Nassau Community College, Garden City, New York
Completed course work toward Liberal Arts Degree
Professional Certifications & Licensure:
Master Peace Officer (TCOLE) – Plano/Richardson Police Academy (2024)
Criminal Investigations Certified – CIC Criminal Investigations (2018)
Graduate – NYPD Police Academy (2013)
Technical Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), QuickBooks, Windows, Mac OS
Contact this candidate