Steve Symbalisty ad7w5l@r.postjobfree.com
903-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/steve-symbalisty

Senior-Level Operations Manager

A proven operations leader offering a track record of achievement in delivering optimal results and business value in high-growth environments while establishing strong working relationships with business segments globally. Provides leadership in driving business expansion and performance, working to lift revenue, sales, profit, and market share organization-wide. Controls P&L, provides strategic/tactical leadership, and prepares/manages budgets for operations and special projects.

Demonstrates success in building, developing, and managing a high-performance team, including mentoring management and staff in complying with company policies and SOPs while working to achieve all metrics/KPIs. Identifies gaps, streamlines operations, and cultivates a culture of continuous process improvement to enhance efficiencies, quality, and results. Drives efforts to maintain accurate documentation and reporting while achieving outstanding customer service and satisfaction.

~ Areas of Expertise ~

Operations – Team Leadership – Strategic Planning – Process Improvement – P&L – Lean Processes – Safety
Business Development – Sales – Account Management – Presentations – Communications – Competitive Analysis
Business Planning – Problem Solving – Quality Control – Training & Development – Customer Relations – MS Office

Select Career Highlight

Drove operational turnaround, working to prepare the company for expedited growth and profitability, developed and enhanced business standards for safety, engineering, finance, and human resources while controlling $50M+ P&L.

Achieved an average of 12% productivity gains by introducing Lean principles of 6S and 8 Wastes, Lean Gemba walks, and Lean daily development across the U.S. operation.

Introduced safety-focused Kaizen events in order to promote and maintain high safety levels in the workplace, capturing and maintaining TIR rates below 1.0.

Drove process improvements to lower safety stock levels and obsolete inventories by $2M within two years.

Professional Overview
Octapharma Plasma, Inc 2021-
Center Director 2021-
Directed and managed donor center staff and operations, including production, quality compliance, finance, HR, and IT. Maintains compliance with regulatory guidelines (FDA, PPTA, COLA, CLIA, OSHA) and the liaison with all corporate functions to ensure performance and compliance.

Implemented startup operations for new facility from final build out, to hiring and training all staff.
Implemented a strategic plan to drive goal attainment of donor population while ensuring all compliance to regulatory needs.

Minimizes center liability through constant risk management review, including review of Medical Incident Reports, minor incident logs, and driving effective, timely corrective actions.

Developed Zero Incident mindset and Zero-defect methodology.

Weir Oil And Gas 2010-2019

US Operations Manager (2017-2019)
Regional Operations Manager, US Northeast and US Central Regions (2016-2017)
Regional Operations Manager- US Northeast Region (2010-2016)

Directed all aspects of operations management, finance, production, sales, marketing, P&L, and process improvements across the U.S. Managed general staff training and development for 148 total employees, controlled $55M+ budget, monitored and maintained operational metrics, and served as project manager for capital expenditure and new construction projects. Defined short term plans and long term vision for the company while prioritizing tasks and managing multiple functions simultaneously. Strategically planned and conceptualized creative, outside of the box strategies to improve business.

Operations / Revenue Growth

Designed and implemented a strategic plan to drive goal attainment and maximize revenue, profit, and market share, analyzed daily metrics to monitor efficiency, equipment utilization, performance, and overall profitability.

Headed engineering and technical staff in developing and adopting a new process for frac pump refurbishment and high-pressure iron recertification, writing and implementing more than 100 SOPs.

Increased EBITA from 3% to 9% across six districts in the US Northeast and Central regions between 2016 and 2017.

Expanded Asset Management Team from two to six staff, reducing first call resolutions from days to hours as a result.

Diagnosed and improved processes and procedures to ultimately improve performance and bottom-lines.

Built strong relationships with customers, exceeding corporate budgeted gross sales and profits for US operations.

Special Projects

Oversaw the construction and startup of a $30M facility in Midland, TX in 2019, delivered the project at $1M under budget and ahead of the scheduled opening.

Directed transition into a new facility in El Reno, OK in 2017 and led alpha testing of the new design of pressure testing equipment and single piece flow repair operations, captured 25% immediate gains in output efficiency as a result.

Developed the US Northeast Region between 2010 and 2016 to five service centers, increasing sales to $82M at peak.

Headed the introduction of tools and systems that enabled problem solving while facilitating revenue growth.

Led cycle counting and physical inventories for warehouses with near zero loss for inventories valued at $20M+.

Designed and launched 31 Days of Safety program and lowered TIR from 37 in 2011 to near 1 in 2013, translated a safety program developed in the Northeast to nationwide implementation.

Innovative Energy Services, Inc. 2007-2009

General Manager / President
Owned P&L accountability and managed fleet of drilling rigs for an oilfield services and rig manufacturing company.

Built a corporate safety program and served as a founding member of OSHA STEPS safety network.

Developed an asset inventory system and identified/labeled all major assets on work over rigs, swab rigs, drill rigs, mud pumps, separators, and heavy haul vehicles, developed a maintenance program for all company assets.

Provided leadership for Train the Trainer courses through PEC Premier Safety.

Drove debt reduction from $5M to $1.5M over the course of 18 months.

Defined inventory controls, designed webpage, and improved marketing strategies to lift sales and profitability.

Proved vital in acquiring ETTL’s largest drilling contract in the company’s 40-year history.

Introduced electronic billing system.

*Career Note: Prior professional experience includes District Manager for RFT Rental & Fishing Tools, Inc. and Baker Atlas.

Education

Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineering
Rutgers University
Contact this candidate