Stacey La Marca

ad7wi7@r.postjobfree.com 845-***-****

Objective

Senior Logistics Manager with a history of success in operations, finance, strategy, and talent management. Leadership positions have included project management, fleet management, delivery, and fulfillment. A position in a purposeful company that seeks an ambitious and career-conscious person where acquired skills will be utilized toward continued growth and advancement.

Experience

2021-2024
Staples
Sr. Transportation Operations Manager

Prepare and plan strategies to meet the operations daily, weekly, and monthly customer service and financial goals while developing, refining, implementing, and administering departmental policies and procedures across multiple locations. As Sr. Manager have 3 goals to delight customers with outstanding service, drive cost out of the organization by creating and executing a plan that creates efficiency and honoring our associates ensuring their experience tomorrow is even better than today. Built the full facility in Montgomery NY, from the ground up, including site selection, layout, workflow, and processes.
● Build and lead a team of 100+ employees including Supervisors, Leads, Dispatchers and Routers
● Identify problem areas, including restructuring routes to improve operational efficiencies
● Train, and develop supervisors, leads and routers to meet and exceed customer expectations
● Created a safety culture of accountability and teach backs focused on Samsara AI technology
● Deployed to other facilities across the Fleet to assist with operational issues and or mentor other Managers
●Manage Multi Million logistic budget, Including $2 Million Penske, Ryder Truck Budgets

2020-2021
Operations Supervisor Gap Inc

●Provide supervision of a distribution center team including but not limited to productivity, performance, accuracy, safety, and attendance through time-bound accountability of standards.
●Ensure a superior customer experience that fully supports the brand image and service level agreements.
●Identify opportunities to improve practices, mitigate risk, optimize technology, and present recommendations to DC leadership, leveraging supporting teams to meet and exceed goals.

2005-2020
General Manager Lasership Inc
As General Manager report direct to Regional Manager and above. Preparing and providing strategic leadership and overseeing all aspects of the warehouse. Direct, plan and budget for corporate goals.

●Collaborate closely with partners in Health care, Office Supply, and financial institutions.
●Manage the performance of service to clients as agreed in the contract and ensure that the service levels are achieved.
●Relocated to other locations to work with key management teams teaching them best practices and showing business models to use.
●Oversight of 24/7 operation with 100 Drivers.

Skills & Abilities

Management
Trained and mentored new associates, improving their performance and skills.

Communication
Effective communication skills, including effective verbal and written communication, active listening, and empathy.

Leadership
Collaborative leader, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams to achieve common goals.
Contact this candidate