A B O U T M E
C O N T A C T P R O F E S S I O N A L Q U A L I F I C A T I O N S
W O R K E X P E R I E N C E
ROBERT MYERS
S K I L L S
Superintendent, Foreman, Quality Control
ad7x37@r.postjobfree.com
Kansas City, MO
816-***-****
TITLE CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
OPERATIONS MANAGER
National On Demand Fiber Services- November 2023- April 2024 Akorbi Workforce Solutions Assigned to Google Fiber- February 2018- November 2023 Responsible for overseeing operations in Kansas City and its surrounding areas. Managed and supervised a team of 10 crews on a daily basis. Directed activities including design changes, rock removal, boring, pipe installation, vault construction, fiber optic installation, splicing, scheduling, permitting, and ensuring the safety of all crew members. Managed operations in residential and commercial residential drops, ensuring quality control throughout. Also oversaw power line, sewer, water, and communication projects, ensuring adherence to project specifications and quality standards
Dynamic and seasoned
professional with a proven track
record of dedication and results.
Eager to leverage extensive
experience and skills in a
collaborative environment,
contributing to the success and
growth of a reputable company.
Seeking a position where I can
make a meaningful impact and
help lay the groundwork for
sustained excellence.
Directed day-to-day operations of multiple crews engaged in fiber optic installation, ensuring optimal production and adherence to safety protocols. Oversaw all aspects of aerial work, splicing, taps, and related activities. Maintained a strong focus on safety standards while maximizing efficiency and productivity R E F E R E N C E S
MARSHAL MARTENS
DOUG FOLK
Google Fiber
913-***-****
Google Fiber
816-***-****
Extensively skilled in heavy equipment operation with over 15 years as a dedicated member of Operating Engineers 101 and 5 years with IBEW Local 53. Proficient in the operation of a wide range of machinery including skidsteers, backhoes, excavators, lodrills, watson 3000's, texoma 800 crawler's, and all terrain forklifts. Adept in managing various equipment such as pull trucks, water trucks, reel trailers, bentonite's, slurry's, and caissons. Experienced in construction tasks including but not limited to fiber optic installation, concrete foundations, sump pumps, retaining walls, rebar, anchor bolts, high lines, substations, piers, environmental soil remediation, and quality control. UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION SUPERINTENDENT
Northmen Utility Construction LLC- December 2017-Febuary 2018 Managed day-to-day operations of telecommunications installation projects. Responsibilities included installing innerduct pipe, laying fiber optic cable, and overseeing quality control measures to ensure project integrity. FOUNDATION DRILLING FOREMAN
Ibew Local #53 (Mark One Electric)- August 2012-November 2017 Facilitated water shut-offs for the KCMO Water Department and oversaw daily operations involved in installing power foundations and duct banks for KCP&L. SUPERINTENDENT
Mokan Drilling Company- November 1992-August 2012
Managed daily operations for foundation drilling, including bidding for new projects, coordinating subcontractors, and meeting with contractors to finalize project details. Additionally, Supervised multiple crews, maintained quality control standards, planned projects, and oversaw engineering remediation and soil sampling efforts. 10hr Osha, 40hr Hazwoper
Class E License with current Medical card
Heavy Equipment Operations
Verbal and Written Communication Skills
Strategic Planning
Problem Solving Skills
Time Management and Scheduling
DAVID BOWDEN
QuikTrip
913-***-****
Contact this candidate