Page * of *
MM
Monica Murray, MBA, MHA
BUSINESS OPERATIONS & MARKETING/GROWTH SPECIALIST
As an Operations Manager, I provide leadership, support, advocacy, and vision for my team within my assigned market(s). I am well organized, creative, and a proven operations professional. My sales and marketing background allows me to represent the company intelligently and effectively in such a way that drives sales, increases brand recognition, and sets the company apart from all in the industry. I drive a culture of ethical, energetic, and happy employees. Location
Heartland, TX
Phone
214-***-****
Email
ad7y4j@r.postjobfree.com
Experience
2022 - Present
Clinic Growth Manager Optum (UHG) Dallas, TX
Responsible for organic growth and membership conversions while fostering collaboration and partnership with broker partners for the Northeast Submarket to include 28 clinics through various marketing strategies. Meet designated timelines/deadlines for tracking, reporting, and submission of administrative reports as directed by leadership.
2021 - 2022
National Director of Marketing ABAeCARE Dallas, TX Regional Director of Operations
Oversaw TX & FL clinics. Responsible for all aspects of clinic operations from staffing to budgeting. Served as mentor to clinic managers. Ensured that each location was profitable and maximizing productivity. Reported to management and stakeholders’ successes and challenges on a weekly basis. 2012 - 2022
Regional Sales Director Ennova Learning Arlington, TX Recruit, train, manage, and retain a team of 20-25 consultants to meet sales quotas. Deliver over 250 compelling presentations to consumers to promote and sell technological services and products. Within 10 months, brought our region from 10th place in meeting sales goals, to number 1 four years in a row, increasing sales by over 100% totaling over $1.5-$2 million a year. 2008 - 2011
Business Development Specialist First Class Caregivers Dallas, TX Operations Manager
Initially hired as Operations Manager, though I utilized my resources and contacts and brought in 85% of sales in the first year. The company was a startup and needed everything. Received an A rating annually from state visits. I opened service offerings to untapped markets resulting in an increase in profit and revenue.
1997 - 2011
Operations Analyst Baylor Health Care System/HTPN Dallas, TX Managed fourteen community indigent clinics around the metroplex. clinical research. Responsible for staffing (doctors, nurses, office personnel, etc.). Worked within a tight budget and maximized resources. Reported value of services to the Foundation for inclusion in Annual Report. Attended and hosted fundraising events to support operations. Worked on various teams and projects relating to community health, including Social Capital training by The World Bank. Sat on board of the Mayor and County Judges for the Healthy Dallas initiative.
Page 2 of 2
Education
University of North Texas Dallas, TX
August 2016 - Incomplete Master of Clinical Mental Health Counseling Texas Woman’s University Dallas, TX
August 2003 – May 2007 Master of Business Administration (MBA) Texas Woman’s University Dallas, TX
August 2003 – May 2007 Master of Health Care Administration (MHA) University of Texas at Dallas Dallas, TX
August 1999 – May 2003 Bachelor of Arts in Psychology Professional License
General Lines Agent
Life, Accident, Health and HMO
Texas Department of Insurance
License No: 2491035
Expiration Date: 02-28-2025
Key Skills and Characteristics
Business Operations
Business Development
Growth & Marketing
B2B & B2C Sales
Strong attention to detail and ability to produce high-quality work
Create and meet KPIs
Budgeting
Interpret & Present Data
Contact this candidate