JONATHAN OLIVARES NAVARRO
Contact 1-704-***-*** Email ad7ya3@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
S E ASONED OPERATIONS MANAGER AND TALENTED L EADER WITH 1 0 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE A PPLYING E X CEPTIONAL PLANNING AND PROBLEM-S OLVING A B I L I T I E S TOWARD ENHANCING BUSINESS PLANS AND DAY-TO- DAY A CTIVITIES. RESULTS-DRIVEN AND RESILIENT I N DEVELOPING TEAMS WHILE IMPROVING PROCESSES AND I NCREASING P RODUCTIVITY. BRINGING S O L I D UNDERSTANDING OF I NDUSTRY T RENDS, E XCELLENT COMMUNICATION S K I L L S, T ALENT FOR S POTTING A REAS IN NEED OF IMPROVEMENT AND IMPLEMENTING CHANGES WITH S T RATEGIC APPROACH. FORWARD-THINKING TEAM L E ADER S K I L L E D A T OPERATING DEPARTMENTS E F F I C I E NTLY TO MEET GOALS. P ROACTIVE A ND HARDWORKING I NDIVIDUAL FOCUSED ON CONTINUOUS OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENT. GOAL- ORIENTED S OCIAL MEDIA MARKETING MANAGER WITH NATURAL TALENTS I N DEVELOPING AND IMPLEMENTING SUCCESSFUL S TRATEGIES, DRIVING P ROFITS, INCREASING MARKET S HARES AND S T RENGTHENING CUSTOMER L OYALTY. PERFORMANCE-ORIENTED WHO T AKE ON CHALLENGING POSITIONS WITH OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE L ASTING IMPACT ON COMPANY AND CUSTOMER S UCCESS. SKILLS TRAININGS
Staff Training * Sales and Marketing Advertising Customer Service.
Social Media Marketing * Dangerous Goods for Passenger Handling.
Team Leadership * Food handling and hygiene training (level 1).
Client Relations * Group Emergency Management Special Assistance Training.
Customer Relationship Management
Interpersonal Communications
EDUCATION / CERTIFICATIONS
WSET – Level 1
(Wine and Spirit Education Trust London, England).
High school Diploma /Certificate Major Hotel Management (Unfinished) Santa Monica Institute.
Mexico City, Mexico.
English Language Studies Triton College.
Chicago Illinois, USA (1-year course.
JOB EXPIRIENCE
SECTION HEAD / STERIKEM QATAR
AUG 2021 – JUNE 2023
Established customer relationships, interfacing with representatives and collaborating to achieve mutually beneficial results.B2B
Brought in over 30 % increase in revenue while managing multiple high-profile accounts.
Met with new customers to share product and service information, listen to needs and learn about business operations.B2C
Prepared documentation, finalized sales and maintained records.
Maintained contact information database by keeping account details updated, clear and relevant.
Secured over 30 new accounts to increase company revenue and drive market share.
Contributed to annual revenue goals by selling new services and developing new product line.
Managed and mentored the technical team to improve our customer service,
Obtained pricing deals, negotiated contracts, and solidified beneficial agreements with big conglomerates with over 15,000 employees.B2B
Set and monitored sales targets and identified potential customers.
Sold new products and services.
Networked at events and prospected for new customers with diverse strategies.
Prepared forecasts to gain understanding of measures needed to grow business.
Analyzed key competitors to respond to competitive threats.
Designed training program, increasing customer satisfaction and new account rates.
Enhanced online presence to take advantage of dynamic conditions and unique platform opportunities.
Contributed to team objectives in fast-paced environment.
Contribute in the rebranding of the Company and lead the decision making in all the marketing strategy, curation of content till completion for brand promotion.
Generated advertising brochure for vendor use.
Operations Manager / Sanitech Solutions by Al Kindi Express Service MAY 2019 - JULY 2021
Supervised operations staff and kept employees compliant with company policies and procedures.
Ensure safe and efficient operations
Interviewing, selection and hiring, training new and existing employees, planning, assigning and directing work, authoring and discussing with employees performance appraisals, addressing employee performance and corrective action plans, employee motivation and rewards
Organizing the budget of the company in collaboration with the director /CEO
Recruit, select, train, assign, schedule, coach, counsel and discipline employees
Communicate job expectations, planning, monitoring, appraising and reviewing job contribute.
Contribute operations information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews, prepare and complete action plans, implement production, productivity, quality and customer-service standards, resolve problems, complete audits, identify trends.
Developed and maintained relationships with external vendors and suppliers.
Analyze process workflow, employee and space requirements and equipment layout, implement changes.
Maintain safe and healthy work environment by establishing, following and enforcing standards and procedures, complying with legal regulation.
Run a safe, injury/accident free workplace
Responsible for all aspects of vehicle and heavy equipment rentals
Manage relationships with key operations vendors
Track vendor pricing, rebates and service levels
Review and approve all operational invoices and ensure they are submitted for payment
Increased profit by streamlining operations.
Negotiated contracts with vendors and suppliers to obtain best pricing and terms.
Managed purchasing, sales, marketing and customer account operations efficiently.
Cultivated and strengthened lasting client relationships using strong issue resolution and dynamic communication skills.
Implemented business strategies, increasing revenue and effectively targeting new markets.
Serve as primary point of contact when there are customer issues related to equipment quality, customer service, or accidents and mishaps on-site
Communicate customer issues with operations team and devise ways of improving the customer experience, including resolving problems and complaints
Communicate all operating policies and/or issues at department meetings
Developed systems and procedures to improve operational quality and team efficiency.
Managed inventory and supply chain operations to achieve timely and accurate delivery of goods and services Marketing Manager / Dr.Scent Qatar
MARCH 2018- FEB 2019
Manage the strategy for Social Media & Partnerships
SEO & Goggle campaigns
Instagram Post, design, videos & ads
Measure ROI and reports
Liaise with Sales Manager
Monthly sales target for partnerships and Commercial contracts
Website & Sales Management
Successfully made it the number 1 Company for Air freshener in Qatar.
Boosted brand awareness and generated leads while managing internal and external marketing campaigns and programs.
Researched developing trends to stay updated with new ideas and marketing practices.
Developed and implemented marketing strategies to use for launches, rebranding campaigns and promotions.
Performed market segmentations, targeting and positioning for each product line.
Executed search engine marketing, advertising and public relations campaigns to generate demand and sales leads.
Created and managed social media campaigns to increase brand engagement.
Managed budget allocation and resource utilization to maximize marketing ROI.
Generated sponsorships with related and partnering entities to enhance marketing objectives Marketing and Operations Manager / Sydney Limousine FEB2017 – MARCH 2018
In charge of oversee the operations of over 75 Drivers
Maintain standards and SOPs
Achievement of targets
Customer Service training application to existing and new drivers
Maintaining the Social Media daily feed, communication with customers
Creation of partnerships and contributions with other Social media websites and influencers to increase the traffic of website.
Created company brand messaging, collateral materials, customer events, promotional strategies, and product commercialization.
Boosted brand awareness and generated leads while managing internal and external marketing campaigns and programs.
Researched developing trends to stay updated with new ideas and marketing practices.
Developed and implemented marketing strategies to use for launches, rebranding campaigns and promotions.
Performed market segmentations, targeting and positioning for each product line.
Executed search engine marketing, advertising and public relations campaigns to generate demand and sales leads.
Created and managed social media campaigns to increase brand engagement.
Managed budget allocation and resource utilization to maximize marketing ROI.
Generated sponsorships with related and partnering entities to enhance marketing objectives. Restaurant Manager/ Latino Steakhouse at Sheraton Doha Nov 2016 – Feb 2017
In charge of the daily operation.
Maintain the brand standards and all local safety and food regulations.
Ensure the staff is well trained and asses them on regular bases.
Maintain the grooming of the staff and restaurant standards set by the company.
Ensure the customers satisfaction and make sure they have an outstanding and unforgettable experience.
Maintain the customer’s feedback tracking via website for Starwood and the enrollment of guests to SPG loyalty program. Helped the Marketing department to create and execute new promotions.
Ensure the final product from the kitchen and bar is deliver on time and as per standards.
Lease with all relevant departments for the smooth operation of the restaurant.
In charge with staff allocation and monthly scheduling.
Make daily briefings and attend daily meetings with the other restaurant managers and Food and Beverage Manager.
Make daily sales report and handover.
Promoted positive atmosphere and went above and beyond to guarantee each customer received exceptional food and service.
Met, greeted, and encouraged feedback from customers and used feedback to implement positive changes within restaurant.
Led and directed team members on effective methods, operations, and procedures.
Reconciled cash and credit card transactions to maintain accurate records.
Correctly calculated inventory and ordered appropriate supplies.
Oversaw front of house personnel to maintain adequate staffing and minimize overtime.
Make closing of the night, cash float, credit cards and cash. Cabin Senior Manager / Qatar Airways
Oct 2007 – Nov 2015
Ensure safety remains the primary objective in all facets of the position
Continuously monitor and manage the safety of the passengers, crew and aircraft
Supervise a team of 3 to 8 from small to wide-bodied aircrafts
Attending a pre-flight briefing, were crew members are assigned their working positions for the upcoming flight (crew are also informed of flight details, the flight safety and emergency procedures, cabin service to take place, frequent flyers, station information and special passenger, such as VIP’s, wheelchair passengers, expectant mothers, unaccompanied minors, young passengers, deportees)
Carrying out pre-flight duties, including checking the safety equipment, ensuring the aircraft is clean and tidy, ensuring that information in the seat pockets is up to date and that all meals and stock are on board
Welcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats
Informing the passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away
Checking all passenger seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off and landing
Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering passenger questions during the flight
Serving meals and refreshments to passengers
Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination
Reassures passengers and ensuring that they follow safety procedures correctly in emergency situations
Giving first aid to passengers when necessary
Ensuring passengers disembark safely at the end of a flight and checking that there is no luggage left in the overhead lockers
Competence in handling difficult situations and the ability to remain calm under pressure and in emergency situations
Prepare Voyage report to document any integral situations necessary on company’s previous flight assessment.
Contact this candidate