JAMES GUTHRO
Maple Ridge, BC ad7z7g@r.postjobfree.com 306-***-****
A friendly and reliable professional with experience in a variety of industries. Skilled at handling day to day tasks and ensuring work is completed to a high standard of quality. Able to use effective customer service and leadership skills to bring a team and organization success.
HIGHLIGHT OF SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS
Works well independently, demonstrating the ability to execute all assigned tasks with minimal to no supervision.
Excellent leadership abilities showcased through operations management and the coordinating and overseeing of projects and customer needs.
Maintains open and clear communication with customers to establish positive relationships and ensure utmost customer satisfaction.
Organizational and planning skills demonstrated while coordinating workloads and overseeing workplace safety as a HSE Coordinator.
Ability to make decisions and coordinate responsibilities in sensitive situations such as overseeing environmental and injury incidents.
Experience in reviewing safety data and compiling reports for the creation of safety policies and procedures.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Truck Driver
V-Tech Lloydminster, AB 2018
Operated a Super B gravel truck to haul gravel, contaminated soil, and other substrates for reclamation.
Conducted pre and post trip inspections and maintained detailed logbooks of trip information.
Regularly completed bills of lading.
Performed maintenance and minor repairs on truck, when necessary. Operations Manager
Fluid Hydrographics Lashburn, SK 2016-2018
Independently owned and operated a custom hydro-coating company.
Researched required equipment and completed costs analyses to develop the business from the ground up.
Completed hydro-dipping and hydro-chroming to apply designs to 3D surfaces such as metal, glass, wood, and plastic.
Implemented online marketing strategies and developed an excellent reputation with customers to obtain new referrals.
Consulted with customers regarding custom paint and coating services for various pieces such as car parts, motorcycles, helmets, costumes and decorative pieces.
Provided cost estimates to customers, ensuring to answer any questions or concerns in an informative and professional manner.
Field Safety Supervisor & Truck Push
Stanchuck Trucking Ltd. Lloydminster, AB 2014
Managed and evaluated safety policies and procedures to ensure a safe work environment for all staff.
Prepared and led monthly safety meetings to educate staff on health and safety procedures.
Facilitated new hire orientations and employee training programs.
Completed on-site inspections, accident investigations, equipment audits, and driver evaluations.
Investigated accidents in the workplace to identify effective safety interventions.
Provided efficient infield customer service.
Administered corrective measures in regards to customer and public concerns. JAMES GUTHRO Maple Ridge, BC ad7z7g@r.postjobfree.com 306-***-**** HSE Coordinator
Royal Well Servicing Ltd. Lloydminster, AB 2012
Border Safety Lloydminster, AB 2011-2012
Created, updated, and maintained the company HSE manuals.
Performed continual on-site inspections, documenting potential hazards and looking for compliance with company policies.
Audited company receipts for fuel consumption and submitted documentation to IFTA.
Submitted company paperwork for pro-rating in Alberta and Saskatchewan.
Administered pre-employment, post-accident, and random drug and alcohol testing.
Scheduled and administered TDG and WHMIS training.
Gathered and compiled data from accident reports, investigations and informational interviews to assist in the creation of job hazard assessments and safety policy and procedures.
Responded to employee injuries, ensuring they received medical attention and were transferred to hospital when necessary.
Filed WCB reports, documenting workplace injuries and conducting interviews.
Assisted in the development of modified work accommodations.
Implemented, monitored, and documented employee competency evaluations. ADDITIONAL EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Laborer K-Kenn Industries Ltd. Lloydminster, AB 2009-2010 Field Tech Grit/A-Fire Lloydminster, AB 2008-2009 Supervisor/Coil Tubing Operator Sand Piper Lloydminster, AB 2007-2008 Site Supervisor Square One Lloydminster, AB 2006-2007 Coil Tubing Operator Schlumberger & Tri-Can Lloydminster, AB 2003-2007 Sales/Recovery Specialist Easy Home Edmonton, AB 2001-2003 EDUCATION & TRAINING
Concept Art Diploma Vancouver Animation School Online 2021 Computer Training CBI Health Calgary, AB 2019
National Construction Safety Officer (NCSO) Courses ACSA Edmonton, AB 2011
Contact this candidate