Kenneth E. (Ken) Rice
ad80r6@r.postjobfree.com
+1-239-***-****

General Operation and Administration Manager for residential, commercial, military and industrial facilities seeks Senior Management position commensurate with my lifelong experience, education and training.
Work Experience

Manager
Hawthorn Senior Living - Roswell, GA
May 2022 to Present
Operations/Sales and Marketing for upscale retirement community of independent living seniors. Facility management, dining facility oversight and supervision including SERV Safe, resident satisfaction and comfort, resident recruitment.

Community Manager (CAM)
First Service Residential - Panama City Beach, FL
September 2021 to April 2022
Community Manager for startup HOA and large development property building out to 3500 homes in Bay County, Florida. Developer board and construction underway. Excellent opportunity, however had to move closer to premier medical facility in Atlanta due to wife's health condition.
Community & HOA Manager
Hampton Golf, Inc./Del Webb Naples - Ave Maria, FL
August 2019 to May 2022
LCAM in charge of Del Webb Naples, a developer lead, 55 plus resort retirement golf and residential community east of Naples, FL. Responsible for all property management, maintenance, improvement and restoration, staff, vendor supervision, BOD meetings, resident relations, and communications. Also licensed in FL and AL as Real Estate Sales Associate.
FL License Number LCAM29943
FL License Number SL3503895
AL License Number 000110157-0

Disaster Program Specialist
American Red Cross - Dothan, AL
October 2016 to August 2019
Program Specialist for Disaster preparation, response, and recovery to include training, logistics and deployment of volunteer work force. Custodian of chapter office, equipment, vehicles, and materials. Logistics and support specialist for major disaster response and recovery of large-scale size such as hurricanes.
Commissioned Officer, Engineer Branch: Construction, Facility, Management, Topographic (RETIRED)
U.S. Army & Alabama Army National Guard, State Military Department - Montgomery, AL
April 1984 to November 2016
Engineer staff officer (CPT) for state military department Construction, Facility, Management Office (CFMO). Responsible for project management design and facilitation of new and restorative construction for military facilities, training areas, roadways, airfields, infrastructure, and dormitories throughout three states. Supplied all site compliance and completion inspections for construction projects.
Environmental Services Manager
City of Dothan - Dothan, AL
May 2008 to February 2016
Administrator of operations and programs, personnel management, budget, health and safety, facilities, and equipment. Personnel budget of over $2.5 million annually. Fleet manager of over 50 vehicles and 8 facilities having a total value of over $12 million. Managed over 80 employees including 2 administrative specialists and 3 supervisors. Served as Division Safety and Training official.
District Director/LCAM
Rizzetta & Company - Panama City Beach, FL
June 2007 to April 2008
Administrator for Special Development Districts, multi-unit and parcel real estate locations in NW Florida. Compliance reporting and facilitation of Board of Director/HOA/meetings. Florida Licensed Community Association Manager (LCAM#29943)(active)

General Operations/Sales/CAM
Newby Corporation - Ellenton, FL
May 2003 to June 2007
Operations, marketing, and sales for Senior and all-age communities. Successful turnaround specialist in the restoration of debilitated properties back to physical and fiscal profitability. Company sales award winner 2005 & 2006. Regional Manager 2005-2007. Facilitated Board of Director/HOA/meetings. Florida licensed Community Association Manager (CAM#29943).
General Manager/Hospitality/Operations/Sales & Marketing
Holiday Retirement, Inc. - Columbus, GA
July 1999 to January 2003
Operations/Sales and Marketing for upscale retirement community of independent living seniors. Facility management, dining facility oversight and supervision including SERV Safe, resident satisfaction and comfort, resident recruitment - increased occupancy by over 33%.

Education

M.S. in Urban & Environmental Studies, Lally School of Management
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute - Troy, NY
1991

B.S. in Sociological Research
University of the State of New York - Albany, NY
1989

A.S. in Applied Technology/General Engineering
University of the State of New York - Albany, NY
1988

General Construction, Topographic and Facility Engineering
U. S. Army Engineer School - Fort Belvoir, VA
1987
Contact this candidate