Richard W. Evans Jr *** Vicksburg Lane
Home 315-***-**** Burleson, Texas 76028 ad81xz@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
A proven supply chain leader who has developed and executed comprehensive globally strategic distribution supply chain solutions to drive optimal customer satisfaction and profitability. A passionate leader experienced in analysis based solutions, I bring value through cost reductions solutions in distribution, warehousing, transportation, and logistics. I am an experienced professional on all aspects of supply chain management, as well as SAP, ERP, and WM implementations, and the business functions associated with relevant technologies of MRP, MPS and demand panning and forecasting. Proficient in ISO and AMA certification processes, as well as import and export logistics regulations related to all commodities in international and domestic food and beverage, technology, aircraft parts, and CPG distribution. I drive results through positive, support relationships in a team-based atmosphere.
EDUCATION
Civilian: BS in Criminal Justice, AS in Business Administration & Military Science, University of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Missouri, SEPT 1989 – JUN 1991, MS in Administrative Criminal Justice (Research), University of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Missouri, GPA 3.4, SEPT 1991 – JUN 1993, 6 hours needed for completion.
Military: Combined Arms Staff Course, JAN – FEB 1998, Infantry Officer’s Advanced Course, MAR – AUG 1997, Ranger School, AUG 1997 – JAN 1998, Air Assault Course, MAR 1996, Advanced Land Navigation Course, Feb 1996, Field Artillery Basic Course, SEPT 1993 – FEB 1994, Light Fire Support Officer’s Course MAR 1994 – APR 1994, Airborne Course, AUG 1992
Achievements: Distinguished Military Graduate, 4 Army Achievement Medals, 3 Army Commendations, 1 National Defense Service Medal, 2 Army Expeditionary Service Medals, 1 Humanitarian Service Medal, 1 Army Service Ribbon, Cornell Gro cery Supervisor Certification
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
JUN 2022 – JAN 2024 Vanbortel Aircraft/Air Power, Inc Arlington, Tx Director of Inventory & Warehouse Operations for 3 parts warehouses, 25 hangers, and $15 million aircraft parts inventory for the US domestic & global markets for Cessna & Piper Aircraft with a warehouse team of 25 associates. Be the expert on shipping, receiving & inventory operations, develop warehouse & inventory standard operating procedures, holding all of the team accountable to them. Move Air Power towards obtaining ISO certification. Daily manage of all warehouse operations. Ensure all, ready for shipment orders received before 4 pm CST are shipped. Maintain a neat & organized warehouse space. Continually review processes & procedures to improve accuracy & efficiency. Be the primary point of contact and decision maker for all warehouse staffing. Identify reporting needs, help develop reports and implement their use. Maintain annual & cycle-count inventory. Report to sales staff orders on hold, ship in place and local pickup terms that are still present. Engage large volume customers to ensure their specific shipping needs are met. Ensure the maintenance of warehouse and shipping supply stock. Be the primary point of contact with FedEx, UPS, DHL and other shipment vendors. Negotiation logistics and transportation contracts.

99.9% of orders received daily shipped by 4pm CST at an accuracy rate of 99.8%.
99% inventory accuracy rate through first time daily cycle counts, annual inventory & accounting adjustments.
Developed and trained first ever SOP’s for all warehouse duties and tasks.
Created 50,000 square foot of additional inventory capacity for a 150% increase sales in 2022 & 2023.
Trained staff on the warehouse modules and RF units on the new Quantum Component Control system.
March 2020 – June 2022 Pandemic Arlington, Tx

MAR 2019– JAN 2020 Tellworks Communication, LLC Central United States Regional Director of Operations in cell tower in parts distribution for 14 markets, 11 distribution centers, 12 managers, 100 associate and $10 million in inventory. Work directly with senior management and owners for strategic oversight and guidance. Direct operational activity and manage the customer and company operational business relationships, while maintaining full responsibility for all aspects of the management and operational performance of the region. Provide strategic direction in daily operations through daily and weekly meetings with the regional operations manager and distribution managers focusing on performance and execution. Manage strategic planning processes to ensure SLAs were met including metrics and measurements for all regional facilities to rectify and resolved process compliance issues that contributed low performance in quality and performance. Monitor regional inventory cycle count processes for adherence and accuracy and ensue that discrepancies are resolved weekly. As the customer regional liaison for customer inquiries, completed all customer initiatives and provide problem resolution to customer to rectify operational issues to improve inventory storage practices and material flow. Ensure that all process related to receiving new and used goods, product put-away, picking and shipping are followed and take corrective action as needed.

99.5% in receiving, ship staging, shipping, and RMAs to customer SLAs & company KPIs
100% converted project managed 8 3PL distribution centers conversations to company owned distribution centers
90% reduction or $12 Million in the region’s at risk high dollar inventory
Mentored 8 new managers, 4 existing managers, and 30 new associates to higher performance
Achieved 100% in 4 customer process and inventory audits

FEB 2018– MAR 2019 Communications Test Design Inc Flower Mound, Texas
Regional Logistics and Distribution Center Materials Operations Manager for CPE STB cable modem devices and Tote Build Program responsible for the overall performance and staff productivity for 50 associates, 5 supervisors, and 3 team leaders. Directly oversee all finished goods inventory operations within the branch to ensure 100% daily order fulfillment. Manage reports, statistical analysis, and daily P&L to monitor operations. Partner with the quality department to ensure standards were consistently met. Communicate with key various levels of management and customers to ensure that customer expectations are met and issues are resolved, including turnaround time. Provide input of ideas for continual process improvements as well as implemented new processes. Ensure compliance with safety programs and initiatives and all applicable OSHA and state workplace safety laws through daily supervisor checks and manager inspections. As hands on leader, lead the teams upfront and on the production & warehouse floor in a high volume and fast-paced environment. Use strong interpersonal skills to motivate others in a high volume distribution. Show excellent leadership ability with proactive problem solving ability, strong in computer skills, including proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other spreadsheet applications as well as expertise in the electronic device market for cable modems as well as cell phones.

98% on time for shipping departures through reorganization of trailer unloading, picking, and loading on 2 shifts.
100% order fulfillment through independent forecasting necessary to identify any production plan gaps for daily orders.
101% productivity in shipping & tote Build through daily performance feedback for the previous day’s work.
95% success in CTDI quality SOP compliance through a daily supervisor and manager quality check program.
Zero OSHA recordable/loss time accidents by daily team meetings & required participation in the safety committee.
Mentored and developed 5 supervisors and 4 team leaders through daily interaction, monthly one on one sessions, and individual development plans.

JUL 2014 – FEB 2018 XPO Logistics Ft. Worth, Texas
Reverse Distribution Center Operations Manager with general and overall responsibility of weekend operations in 3 buildings for cell phone electronic refurbishing and warehousing operations with up to 100 - 325 associates, 5 supervisors, and 15 team captains in a 400,000 square foot. Deliberately plan and execute within a lean focus on full compliance to client procedure and customer SLA’s, as well as lead the operation team to full operational capacity. Report directly to the Director of Operations and integrate with all supporting departments (engineering, quality, and maintenance). Assists Director of Operations with work methods, procedures, controls and staffing to achieve accurate and timely movement and processing of product to drive continuous improvement and efficiency. Coach, train, and develop supervisors, team leaders, and associates informally and through formal training programs, providing both informal and formal job performance based feedback. Create an employee-centered work place that demonstrates care and concern for all associates and ensure a culture of safety by ensuring compliance of safety policies and procedures, physical security, and operational KPIs and SLAs on a daily, weekly and monthly basis.

With all new leadership and staff, led 3rd shift team to fully performing shift in 1 months.
101% productivity in trades & core 100% to plan in shipping & receiving
95% success in QMS SOP Compliance in KPI quality audits of training for compliance
98% in OSHA recordable/loss time accidents KPI
Mentored and developed 3-4 supervisors and 8 team leaders
Led shift to cross training of 90% of shift of inbound receiving, processing and shipping.

JUL 2013- NOV 2014 UTI Logistics Dallas & Fort Worth, Texas
Inbound and Processing Distribution Center Operations Manager with overall performance responsibility for 30 + traditional and fluid doors, 50+ receiving, material handling, and unloading associates in a 1 million square foot warehouse record management sites, including the oversight of coordinating operational service functions and activities with 5 supervisors, 4 coordinators/leads. Meet all DC KPIs and customer SLAs. Ensure operational excellence to client SOP in all inbound warehouse areas, efficient operation of warehouse management system(s) and related equipment. Assists GM/AGM with work methods, procedures, controls and staffing to achieve accurate and timely movement and processing of product and assists with the DC's financial, operational, people and process and service related objectives to drive continuous improvement and efficiency. Coach, train, and develop supervisors, team leaders, and associates informally and through formal training programs, providing both informal and formal job performance based feedback. Implement an associate based environment to instill care and concern for all associates and maintain a culture of safety by ensuring compliance of the safety and, physical security programs.

Increase DC inbound volume by 20% through enforcing SOPs and performance coaching for associate success.
Incurred zero OSHA accidents on both overnights, and weekend inbound shifts.
Led the startup and full weekend shift to a full distribution inbound shift in 1 month.
Mentored and developed 2 supervisors and one associate for higher leadership positions in the DC operation
Improved SOP compliance by 20% through daily focus audits by shift leadership, weekly training sessions, and coaching associates for success on procedural compliance.

NOV 2011-OCT 2012 Iron Mountain, Inc Dallas & Fort Worth, Texas
Regional Distribution Center Operations Manager for 6 warehouse record management sites, including the oversight of coordinating all day to day operational service provision functions and activities with 3 supervisors, 4 coordinators, and 75 associates. Execute the most cost effective and customer satisfying operation, while championing and implementing Iron Mountain regulations and processes. Maintain operations expenses, sales, revenues, and EVITA for a $1.5 million budget. Key accountabilities include responsibility for the day to day running of the sites and transportation to ensure provision of timely, quality service and total customer satisfaction, Supervise projects with coordination of direct reports within timeframe and previously agreed cost, Provide training and guidance of subordinated teams and distribute day-to-day tasks assurance their observance and timely fulfillment. Maintain all business standards, ISO standards, business continuity requirements for facilities, vehicles, health and safety, and all personnel issues. Ensuring regular training of subordinates that facilities the maintenance of company standards and legal requirements for employee health and safety. Periodically review supplier contracts to ensure the best cost & value for the expense. Provide leadership/example in the drive to train programs by managing and developing the team’s skills and competencies.

Increased sales revenue by 20% through a renewed focus on key and at risk accounts
Transformed 4 warehouses dilapidated to full OSHA and company compliance standards
Completed installation of new company Direction for productivity standards
Oversaw the initial inbound and distribution of 3 high profile accounts for the market
Improved to a 99.8% associate accident rate and mproved accidents through a team safety focus

DEC 2008-JUL 2011 Wal-Mart, Stores Utica, NY & Gorham, NH
Super Center Store Manager responsible for driving sales in a 24 hour $125 - $60 million annual supercenter by ensuring merchandise presentation, including accurate and competitive pricing, proper signing, in-stock and inventory levels, budgeting and forecasting sales, and assessing economic trends and community needs. Ensure compliance with company policies and procedures through associate and manager accountability. Providing supervision and development opportunities for 8 salaried managers and 300 + hourly Associates in the facility. Drive the financial performance of the facility in a 65,000 square foot box. Direct the management team in facility operations and communications with both management and hourly associates about the facility operations, merchandising and company direction. Uphold the company’s open Door. Show superior proficiency in managing store profit and loss statements.

Successfully managed 4 Supercenters in New York and New Hampshire (Cobleskill, Rotterdam, Albany, Gorham, NH).
Achieved 96% to sales and profit plan, against an aggressive sales plans.
Achieved .29 in inventory shrink against goal of .39.
Implemented Inventory Management System, Customer Must Win program, New Store Structure Program, one-team concept
Raised over $10,000 for the CHAD hospital, $3000 for the Children’s Miracle Network, and $10,000 to local community organizations

NOV 2004 – JULY 2008 Hero-Beechnut Nutrition Corp Canajoharie, NY
Director Distribution, Warehousing, Logistics and Transportation responsible for inventory related to broth, baby food, water, and preserve categories and 9 million cases of product in 8 outside warehouses (300K – 800K Sq. ft) with an annual budget of 7 million dollars. Report directly to the vice president of operations and lead responsibilities are for 42 union personnel in the production warehouse and 5 salaried managers, personnel and salaried managers for outside warehouses, and 142 transportation and freight contracts. Manage personnel and managers with all 3rd party logistic and distribution warehouses. Use the knowledge of information technology to reduce informational processing costs. Use the knowledge related to food production, and possess the ability to manage and lead change. Maintain customer fill rate of 98% in order fulfillment.

Yearly managed expenses to warehousing and distribution under budget when volume grew from 16 million to 28 million and order fulfillment rate of 98.2%
Set up 3 outside warehouses to support distribution on the west coast and midwest in 2006 and 5 outside warehouses to support Wal-Mart Remix Sales Distribution Plan in 2007.
Led the team in the installation and conversion to SAP in 2008.
Set up distribution for 9 million cases to dedicated contract warehouse for a $500,000 annualized savings to support facility transition to 156 million-dollar new production plant in 2008.
Negotiated volume rates with a global 3rd party logistics companies for annual savings of $300,000 in 2007.

MAR 2000 – NOV 2005 Rite Aid Corp Rome NY & Perryman, MD
Distribution Center Operations Manager for facility throughput at the Rite Aid Mid Atlantic Distribution Center responsible for the oversight of consistent product from the initial point of dispensing to the conveyor to the last departing point of product throughout the 15 miles of conveyor of the one million square foot distribution center during day operations. Manage daily activities through 12 supervisors and 500 associates. Report directly through the senior operations manager and general manager for immediate operational status in all departments throughout the 12 hour day and take numerous measurements of all current production to ensure on track for budget and production, as well as expected to make staffing changes to accommodate lacking departments.

Developed execution tool to identify hourly execution timelines for each department
Oversaw the reduction of sorter recirculation from 30% to less than 5 % per day.
Developed facility conveyor wave tracking tool, and assumed direct maintenance of the tool in August 2004.
Expanded facility tracking of conveyor statistics through the assistance of Rapistan.

Distribution Center Operations Manager at the Rite Aid Mid Atlantic Distribution Center for replenishment responsible for oversight of the daily management of 24 hour replenishment production with 8 salaried managers, 36 team leaders, and 250 to 300 replenishers to ensure all standards of quality, safety, and productivity are achieved. Oversee the management of the DC's replenishment expense, safety, quality, and production goals. Complete the responsibilities of the Senior Operation Manager in his absence, Monitor staff and equipment levels to ensure adequate and effective resource utilization. Enforce all work regulations. Anticipate the distribution center's replenishment needs and act accordingly to ensure all objectives are met. Establish performance objectives for replenishment associates in the distribution center. Analyze performance reports to find better ways to operate in replenishment.

Managed replenishment of over 7.2 million cases for picking operation
Reintroduced Corporate Production Tracking program for replenishment operation
Gained extensive knowledge of the Warehouse Management System
Reduced omits by .75 % since assumption of position
Initiated daily database to track replenishment production activities to plan
Streamlined functions of replenishment by eliminating 720 hours per day.

Distribution Center Operations Manager responsible for directing the nightly activities of the distribution center in Rome, NY and Utica, NY, including labor scheduling, supervision, and proper utilization of space, equipment, inventory, and manpower for 300 union employees, 7 supervisors, and 2 employee leads. Key responsibilities are staffing, employee development, and distribution center operations, maintenance of the facility & equipment, implementation of safety, security, housekeeping, and sanitation programs, budgeting, and customer service. Ensure a safe, efficient, and economical operation of the facility.

Improved night productivity, quality, replenishments and associate turnover by 30% within first year
Led the safety and ergonomic committees in reducing OSHA recordable and lost time accidents by 30%
Lauded by corporate superiors for developing a cohesive shift management team
Selected to be trained as the facility Six Sigma representative FY 04

JUN 1989 - DEC 1999 US Army – Military Service Georgia & New York

Captain, Infantry Battalion Fire Support Officer, 1st Bn, 15th Inf (M), 3d Bde, 3d ID (M), Fort Benning, GA
1st Lieutenant, Platoon Leader, E-7 FA, 10th Mtn Div (Light), Fort Drum, NY
2d Lieutenant, Light Infantry Company Fire Support Officer, A Co., 2nd Bn, 87th Inf (Light), Fort Drum, NY
Cadet, ROTC, University of Central Missouri
Cadet, 418 Civil Affairs Battalion, Belton, Missouri (Formerly in Kansas, deferred enlistment)
Contact this candidate