Atilio A Calderon
Westbury, NY ***** US, Cell: +1-516-***-****, ad82iq@r.postjobfree.com
Relocating to South Plainfield, NJ on October 15, 2024.

OBJECTIVE
A resourceful Leader in Operations Management with 25-plus years' of experience in Logistics, Warehousing Operations, and Inventory Management. My area of specialization is increasing the efficiency and accuracy in order processing, shipping and receiving operations, customer service, and all aspects of material handling equipment, selection, procurement, and qualification, as well as employee development and training.
Professional Skills
MSOffice (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, Project, Outlook, and Access) QuickBooks Pro.
Shipping and Receiving, Inventory and Supply Chain and Procurement Management.
3PL contract agreement and Forklift Service agreement negotiations.
ISO Internal Auditor, SQF, GMP, HACCP, FDA, and Hazardous Materials handling/transportation Certification.
SAP, Syspro, ADAGE, Flex-Rex, ERP/MRP, WMS, and Distribution
Customer service Leadership oriented.
Employee development and management (SOP, EHS, and GMP)
Lean Six Sigma (Yellow Belt), Process Improvement
Fluent in Spanish/English
Fleet Management and DOT Compliance.
Notary Public/Signing Agent since 2011
Inventory Management and Control systems
KPI and SOP development and implementation.
Accomplishments
Reduced freight costs by 8% by optimizing backhaul schedules and carrier rates, ALCAN.
Maintained inventory control by assisting in developing and implementing a customized WMS in ALCAN, ASSISTics in Cumberland Packing, and SAP in Sundial Brands.
Set up and start-up of two warehouse and distribution locations, ALCAN and Cumberland.
Managed and stayed within an annual capital budget of $145,000, ALCAN Flexible
Managed and maintained company truck fleet and DOT Compliance and scheduled PM and ER, at Cumberland Packaging, Sundial/Unilever and SANDOZ Pharmaceutical.
Developed standard operating procedures for all functions within the warehouse and
Shipping and receiving, as well as performance metrics and KPIs, ALCAN, Cumberland, Kedrion Biopharma, and Sundial Brands.
Reduced RM inventory by: a) implementing JIT system, from 1.4 M Lbs. to 250 K Lbs. of raw materials on hand. b) Reduced quantity on hand by analyzing usages by item, ALCAN.
Setup of procedures, management systems, and process improvement to company truck fleet to improve performance and reduce breakdowns at Cumberland and Sundial-Unilever.
Started and Registered an LLC Accounting practice in September 2011, offering general Bookkeeping services and Income Tax practice for Individuals and Businesses.
Obtained certification to practice Notarial Services for Real Estate transactions.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Warehouse Operations Manager, SANDOZ/Fougera Pharmaceutical
January 2023 – March 2024
Report directly to the Director of Supply Chain Management and directs the efficient and cost-effective operation of the manufacturing warehouse.

Manage the inbound activities related to the receipt and storage of goods, inventory management, and claims. Oversee outbound activities related to order filling, stock replenishment, and shipping.
Administering overall inventory management, productivity, and accuracy to ensuring warehouse requirements are met. Analyze capacity and manpower requirements. Develop and manage team leaders to improve performance. Develop methods and procedures to comply with FDA, OSHA, and DOT requirements for its Truck fleet.

Sr. Operations Manager- Manufacturing Warehouse and Logistics, UNILEVER-Sundial.
January 2017 — December 2022
Responsible for managing warehouse facilities and personnel in the shipping, receiving, material handling, Inspection, storage, issuing, and distribution of raw materials and finished products to ensure the highest level of compliance and safety.

Ensure the company is conforming with procedures applicable to the company's SOP, cGMP, FDA and OSHA and DOT standards, and other governing regulatory agencies. Manage all personnel responsibilities of 45 warehouse employees, supervisors, and 2 Managers, including hiring, disciplinary action, training, safety, and attendance. Responsible for overseeing three shifts and 275 employees business-wide and three building locations in Amityville and Farmingdale, employee performance, KPIs creation, training matrix, cycle count. Managed company Truck fleet (1 Tractor and 2 box Trucks) to transport materials between warehouse locations.

WAREHOUSE/CLARIFICATION MANAGER, KEDRION BIOPHARMA Inc.
November 2014 — December 2016
Responsible for Management of warehouse facilities and personnel in the shipping, receiving, handling, Inspection and clarification, storage, issuing, and distribution of raw materials, non-inventory items and finished products to ensure the highest level of compliance and safety. Conformance to procedures applicable to company's SOP, cGMP, FDA and OSHA standards and other governing regulatory agencies.
Manage all personnel responsibilities for warehouse employees including hiring, disciplinary action, training, safety, and attendance. Assisted in the startup, acceptance, and implementation of SAP Warehouse Management System.

WAREHOUSE OPERATIONS and DISTRIBUTION MANAGER
CUMBERLAND Packing Corp
July, 2008 — May, 2014 (5 years 10 months)
Responsible for Warehouse Operations in Brooklyn Navy Yard, total of four warehouses, 28 warehouse employees and supervisors, Safety, GMP, SSOP, OSHA, SQF, HACCP, and Housekeeping. Management of the Company Truck Fleet (schedule, Maintenance, and DOT Compliance and Maintenance) and Scheduled PM and ER service on equipment.

Responsible for the schedule of inbound deliveries of Raw Materials, Packing Supplies (3TL/Day) and Sugar Inventory transfers from Public Warehouses to Brooklyn. Scheduled all material releases for transfer to production centers within Brooklyn (SNL, NT, SIR) and proper recording in WMS. Implementation of training and SOP development of ADAGE WMS, assuming the role of SME of Warehousing and Logistics.

PRE-PRODUCTION CAPACITY ANALYST, ALCAN/Rio Tinto Packaging Food & Tobacco
The Bottle Label Business Unit
February, 2006 — June, 2008 (2 years 4 months)
ALCAN Packaging/Pre-Production Capacity Analyst for the Bottle Label Business Unit in North America (new position as per customer requirements). Responsible for Pre-production Capacity Analysis and Management of the Labels Business Unit with facilities in New York and Ohio, Effective reporting and Ad-hoc analysis to support business and $9 million inventory, 800 line items, and 160,000 sq.ft. of warehouse over three production facilities.

LOGISTICS AND DISTRIBUTION MANAGER, ALCAN Packaging Food & Tobacco
May 1987 — January 2006 (18 years)
Responsible for the Logistics of scheduling finishing production, barcoding, packing, storage, and shipment to regional customer locations, $165 million in sales. The management of three shifts and 45 employees (three supervisors, 39 warehouse employees, and two logistics support staff), and the development of respective SOP and Monthly/Yearly KPIs and metrics, GMP, ISO, OSHA, and Safety. Set up and Managed satellite warehouses in Yaphank, NY, and Charlotte, NC, managed 80,000 sq.ft. of Warehouse with $1.5 million budget in sales.

EDUCATION
University of Phoenix
Master of Business Administration, Accounting
York College
Bachelor of Science, Accounting/Finance/Taxation
Contact this candidate