Richard A. Edenfield
*** ******** *****, ****** ** 282541
651-***-****
ad82qh@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVES

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Senior Operations and Training Manager/Advisor
MN Army National Guard – 34th Infantry Division HQ, Arden Hills, MN
January 15, 2021- October 31, 2022 (full-time, active duty)
Supervisor: Daniel Lanoux

Duties: Served as the senior operations and training manager for the Division headquarters in support of over 700 military and civilian personnel. Conducted operations and training on full spectrum operations, which included logistics, planning, communication, and budgetary requirements for approximately 1000 personnel within and outside of the division headquarters. Assisted in the planning, preparation, and execution of training missions and preparedness for future mobilization. Utilized the military decision-making process to determine best courses of action. Served as the operations advisor to Division staff for all aspects of training, security, travel, and safety. Managed security profiles for over 700 Soldiers which entailed initiating security clearances, initiating background investigations and renewals, and reporting incidents through the Department of Defense for adjudication, utilizing secured software called Defense Information System for Security (DISS). Developed and prepared operational orders regularly to formally provide guidance and task instructions to lower echelons. Managed serious incident reports such as hospitalization, arrests, COVID-19, and/or deaths through the Minnesota Joint Operations Center. Responsible for the accountability, maintenance, and readiness of equipment in excess of 1.2 million. Prepared routine correspondence and advised leadership on best courses of action. Operated several systems to perform these duties and served as an alternate Information Management Officer. Continued to provide Information Technology (IT) operations and IT troubleshooting support given background in military IT throughout a 23-year military career.

Highlights:
Served as the acting Training Officer in support of the Division Headquarters for a period of 6 months in addition to regular duties. Developed and issued all of the operational orders, fragmented orders, and warning orders to the headquarters subordinate companies to provide task and deadline information. Served as the main point of contact for the higher echelon to determine training plans and resources for the following year, to include planning for three major military exercises in Europe and a future deployment.

Supervisory Readiness Manager
MN Army National Guard – Headquarters Support Company, 34th Infantry Division Arden Hills, MN and C Company, 34th Combat Aviation Brigade, Hastings MN
April 5, 2011 - January 14, 2021 (full-time, active duty)
Supervisor: Daniel Lanoux

Duties:

Supervisory Telecommunications Network Control Chief
MN Army National Guard – C Company, Special Troops Battalion 34ID
November 2008 – April 2011 (part-time, 40 hours per month)
Supervisor: Jim Formanek

Duties: Served as a supervisory telecommunications network control chief for a military communications organization. Was responsible for the installation, operation, and maintenance of the Division’s network enterprise in support of exercises for wartime readiness. Was responsible for the health, welfare, training, readiness, and professional development of nine junior leaders and 16 lower-level technicians. Led satellite communications for the organization. Supervised the installation, operation, maintenance, and management of the HUB node system, three Joint Network Node (JNN) systems, and six Command Post Nodes.

Human Resources Technician
Army National Guard – Military Entrance Processing Station, Saint Paul, MN
June 2004 – December 2004
Supervisor: Brad Olson

Duties: Served as a human resources technician in support of military recruiting processes at the Minnesota military entrance processing station. Coordinated candidate records for in-processing and handled medical requirements. Managed the website which tracked thousands of prospective military candidates and allowed recruiters to be aware of candidate status in real time. Coordinated travel arrangements for all candidates moving forward to military basic training to include lodging, meals, and training requirements. Developed onboarding files used during candidate in-processing. Advised recruiters and HR managers on administrative data related to candidates. Developed courses of actions to help resolve and manage candidate issues.

Deployment: Supervisory Telecommunications Operator
A Company, 134th Signal Battalion, 34th Infantry Division – Tikrit, Iraq
April 2003 – June 2004
Supervisor: Nathanial Schilling

Duties: Served as a supervisory team lead for telecommunications installation/operations in Tikrit, Iraq. Installed telecommunications equipment to allow more than 400 military personnel to access internet and early voice over IP phone calling within Iraq and limited communications overseas. Supervised a team of five military personnel. Served on the base quick reaction force, provided surveillance, and participated in approximately 60 convoys through enemy territory without major incident. Participated in the operation that led to the capture of Saddam Hussein by providing communication blackout for the 5-mile radius. Led numerous military patrol operations throughout Tikrit communities helping to secure their region and push out enemy forces. Used rules of engagement and quick decision-making skills to ensure the safety of my team and the civilian population.

CIVILIAN EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Professional Studies – Purdue Global University 11/2022

MILITARY EDUCATION
CompTia Net +, CompTia Sec +, CompTa IT Fundamentals, Equal Opportunity Advisors Course, Assist Training (Suicide Prevention), Army Security Clearance Training (DISS), Joint Domestic Operations Course (DOMOPS), Senior Leadership and Management Development Course, Baseband Network Operations Course, Advanced Leadership and Management Development Course, Basic Leadership and Management Development Course, Advanced Skills Course – IT Networking and Switch Operations, Advanced Skills Course – IT Satellite Communications, Advanced Skills Course – IT Security Protocol Training, Advanced Skills Course – Radio Maintainer Operator, Army Basic Skills Course

AWARDS
Decorated service during three Middle East deployments (2003-2004, 2009-2010, 2018-2019) and nearly 24 years of military service to include two Meritorious Service Medals, four Army Commendation Medals, one Army Achievement Medal, and six Army Good Conduct Medals. Received over 65 recognition coins throughout the career from senior military leaders.

SKILLS SETS & SYSTEMS
Organizational Inspection / Small to Large Group Instruction / Executive Administration / Training
Management / Talent Development / Microsoft Office & Teams / SharePoint / Budget Administration / Personnel Management (Budget, Scheduling, pay) / HR applications to include IPPS-A and RCAS, IPERMS, Medchart, DPRO, AFCOS, ATTRS, DTMS, DTS, etc. / HIPPA certified

Currently attending Purdue University for Masters of IT w Cyber Security emphasis. Expected grad Dec 2025
Contact this candidate