Jimmy Pennington

Rayville, Missouri *****
816-***-****
ad830t@r.postjobfree.com

Skills

Process Improvement

Business Development

Customer Service

Production

Labor Relations

People skills

Sales Methods

Ability To Solve Problems

Customer Satisfaction

Sales Process

Microsoft Office Suite

Operations Management

Financial Oversight

Customer Delivery

Manage Safety

Flexible Schedule

Professional Summary

Accomplished Operations Manager with strong record of business leadership and continuous improvement. Monitors performance and identifies issues to implement new technologies and optimize resources. Results-driven leader with skills in budget management and supply chain practices.

Experience

February 2024 - Current

Aadvark Movers LLC - Kansas City, Missouri
Operations Manager

September 2010 - January 2024

All My Sons Moving & Storage - Kansas City, Missouri
Operations Manager

Conducted staff meetings to review work activities and drive continuous improvement.
Built dynamic working relationships with team members and support departments to achieve cross-functional objectives.
Boosted sales through successful advertising campaigns.
Dispatched teams.
Payroll
Logistic of the operation.
Prepared team schedules with focus on maintaining optimal employee coverage for business needs.
Helped team members tackle daily workloads with confidence through empowered training and motivational strategies.
Organized regular inventory counts to keep records accurate and identify supply needs or loss points.
Built strong, resilient team by identifying and onboarding highly qualified candidates for key positions.
Maintained financial and administrative controls, accurately tracking funds and keeping records current.
Delivered products of consistent quality to customers by working directly with vendors on delivery and production issues.
Reviewed operations regularly to identify and capitalize on opportunities to eliminate waste.

Education

Polo High. Polo, Missouri
High School

Language

English
Native
Contact this candidate