Elvy Paiva

Naples, FL *****
Phone: 239-***-****
E-Mail: ad83ac@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

Customer-focused Pharmacy Manager offering 20 years' experience in retail pharmacy operations and hospital pharmacy. Well-versed in Medicare, Immunization Clinics, prescription preparation, MTM, and Regulatory Compliance. Committed to maintaining high-quality standards through training . Currently actively licensed in FL, NJ, and IL. I also speak Spanish and Portuguese fluently.

Skills

Training and mentoring
Pharmacy operations management
Drug inventory management

Wellness services
Drug utilization review
Regulatory Requirements

Work History

January 2014 to Current
Walgreens Boots Alliance Chicago, IL
Pharmacy Manager

Discussed medical histories with patients in effort to provide most effective medical advice.
Offered patients and patrons information on various immunizations including flu, DTaP, Shingrix, Pneuminia,

And HPV vaccines.
Supervised team of 2-20 pharmacy technicians.
Trained pharmacy interns and newly hired pharmacy technicians.
Ordered all pharmacy supplies and kept check on inventory levels.
Delivered training on device use and storage to enhance support for different groups of patients.
Evaluated patient histories to assess medication compliance and spot issues such as doctor shopping or excessive usage.
Vaccinated patients to provide immunity against influenza, pneumonia and other diseases.
Collaborated with store manager to maintain daily operations.
Implemented procedures necessary for compounding, mixing, packaging and labeling.
Communicated with patients, ensuring that medical information was kept private.
Compared prescription details against safety standards and insurance requirements to support patients.
Recommended OTC devices or medication options to help mitigate individual symptoms.

Education

May 1997 Long Island University Brooklyn, NY
Bachelor of Science

Additional Information

Currently Licensed in FL, NJ and IL
Contact this candidate