Kevin D. Conner
*** ********** **
Edgewood, MD *1040
Phone: 443-***-****
Email: ad83fd@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE: To obtain a position as Logistic Manager

SUMMARY:
Over 20 years of experience in positions of increased responsibility, integrating program management and operations, supervisions and effective communication skills. Directly supervised staffs with as many as 50 professional and support level personnel. Managed preparation and processing of performance evaluations and performance management counseling. Analyzed employee workload and performed adequate forecasting to ensure efficient production operations.

EDUCATION
1991 Aberdeen High School, Aberdeen Maryland
1992 Logistics Management Course, Fort Lee Virginia
2000 Principles of Supervision, Fayetteville Tech Community College

EMPLOYMENT

2020-Present Senior Operations Manager, Bobs Discount Furniture

Directly responsible for all inbound operations of an 800k square foot distribution center to include unloading, tagging, put away and Inventory reconciliation with an inventory accuracy rate of 99.75%.
Oversee receive the flow of all inbound import and domestic containers and track against customer demand and demerge to ensure all deliveries to customers are on time.
Assist the GM with the development of annual budgets, operational standards and strategic business goals.
Monitor day-to-day operations, collaborating with teams across 4 departments to increase operational efficiency.
Mentor direct reports to streamline staffing needs by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees.
Successfully implemented a labor management system that reduced the manpower forecast by 22 associates and increased productivity by 35%.
Developed a safety initiative to reduce the number of accidents and injuries within the warehouse reducing previous years number from 22 to 11 recordables.
Managed inbound transportation, Vendor Compliance and scheduling for full load, LTL and container receipts. Worked with corporate inventory management on SKU setup and new merchandise cataloging.

2017- 2020 Warehouse Assistant Manager, TIC GUMS INC

Directly responsible for the operation of an 800k square foot distribution center that is staffed with 5 salaried associates and 15 hourly associates.
Oversee receiving, shipping, manufacturing setup, relabeling, warehousing, and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing operational and personnel policies and procedures.
Complied with federal, state, and local warehousing, material handling, and shipping requirements by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to requirements, advising management on needed actions. Adhere to all OSHA and FDA CMP
Responsible for assuring financial objectives by preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenditures, analyzing variances, initiating corrective actions.
Maintained warehouse manpower staffing needs by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees, planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
Controlled inventory levels by scheduling physical counts, reconciling with data storage system. Responsible for responding to and dealing with customer communication by email and telephone to ensure customer service.
Established and maintained designated work areas and arrange as needed, always ensured orderly and safe conditions.
Ensured proper working condition of all conveyors and material handling equipment by directly monitoring preventive maintenance procedures and logs.
Assisted the Director in all aspects of their duties and filled in when needed.

2015- 2017 Night Warehouse General Manager, Breakthru Beverage Group

Directly responsible for the nighttime operation of a 500k square foot distribution center that is staffed with 7 salaried supervisors and 200 hourly associates.
Maintained receiving, warehousing, and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures.
Complied with federal, state, and local warehousing, material handling, and shipping requirements by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to requirements, advising management on needed actions.
Responsible for assuring financial objectives by preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenditures, analyzing variances, initiating corrective actions.
Maintained warehouse manpower staffing needs by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees.
Planning, monitoring, and appraising job results weekly and monthly to provide feedback.
Controlled inventory levels by scheduling physical counts, reconciling with data storage system. Responsible for responding to and dealing with customer communication by email and telephone to ensure customer service.
Established and maintained designated work areas and arrange as needed, always ensured orderly and safe conditions.
Ensured proper working condition of all conveyors and material handling equipment by directly monitoring preventive maintenance procedures and logs.
Assisted the Director in all aspects of their duties and filled in when needed.

2014- 2015 Assistant General Manager, Breakthru Beverage Group

Directly responsible for the daily operation of a 500k square foot distribution center that is staffed with 7 salaried supervisors and 200 hourly associates.
Maintained receiving, warehousing, and distribution operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures.
Complied with federal, state, and local warehousing, material handling, and shipping requirements by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to requirements, advising management on needed actions.
Responsible for assuring financial objectives by preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenditures, analyzing variances, initiating corrective actions.
Maintained warehouse manpower staffing needs by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees, planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
Controlled inventory levels by scheduling physical counts, reconciling with data storage system. Responsible for responding to and dealing with customer communication by email and telephone to ensure customer service.
Established and maintained designated work areas and arrange as needed, always ensure orderly and safe conditions.
Ensured proper working condition of all conveyors and material handling equipment by directly monitoring preventive maintenance procedures and logs.
Assisted the General Manager in all aspects of their duties and filled in when needed.

2011- 2014 Shift Manager, Giant Foods Distribution

Directly responsible for order-filling, shipping, forklift, receiving, and repack in a 1.2 million square ft. Distribution Center.
Scheduled and appropriately maintained the workflow of the shift to ensure all LOS schedules are met and orders are shipped to the store on time.
Ensured a safe work environment through promotion of quality work standards, appropriate equipment maintenance and effective communication. Ensured safety and housekeeping standards were maintained throughout the distribution center.
Ensured adherence to established planning goals and workflow for the operation, recommend any changes/improvements that contribute to operational performance.
Ensured that quality, production, and labor standards are met and exceeded by auditing workflow, correcting substandard performance by providing feedback as needed.
Coordinated with dispatch and transportation to ensure all LOS needs are being met and to provide good relations between facilities.
Trained and developed distribution personnel using established corporate training programs. Provide feedback and mentoring to all subordinates to achieve growth and promotional potential.
Directly responsible for all manpower forecast and hiring needs for the shift to ensure proper staffing.

2009- 2011 Operations Manager, C&S Wholesale Grocers

Directed all subordinates to provide a safe and efficient operation of warehouse activities.
Directed and delegated activities and assignments of all Operational warehouse functions as it relates to business needs including the planning and implementation of improvement initiatives.
Participated in the development of annual operating plan in direct alignment with corporate goals.
Assisted in the preparation of annual budget forecast, evaluate weekly performance and recommend adjustments.
Managed all labor expenses and monitor weekly payroll. Establish and execute safety and security programs.
Oversaw all safety committee initiatives.
Maintained compliance to all federal, state and local guidelines resulting from bio-terrorism Act of 2002.
Conferred with General Manger and respond to customer or vendor questions or complaints to resolve issues regarding distribution services.
Reviewed receiving schedules and daily outbound projections to estimate peak delivery periods and establish manpower forecast requirements.
Inspected physical conditions of warehouse and equipment, recommended maintenance, repair, or replacement as necessary.
Developed and documented standard and emergency operating procedures for receiving, handling, storing, shipping, and salvaging products or materials.
Participated in the development and implementation of service & productivity improvement initiatives to increase customer service & reduce operating expense.
Conducted performance management activities including, annual performance appraisals and design of training and career development plans. Ensure that progressive coaching and counseling concepts are conducted according to established policies and procedures.
Provided support for company sponsored events and community involvement programs.
Ensured fair, equitable and consistent treatment of all warehouse associates.

2005-2009 Area Manager, Wal-Mart Distribution

Managed and oversaw the receiving department associates, 2 supervisors and its functions.
Ensured merchandise was received, unloaded and checked in accordance with company inventory control procedures.
Scheduled receiving of materials to ensure the smooth flow of merchandise.
Coordinated and managed the receipt of merchandise including unloading and checking.
Monitored loads to ensure merchandise is unloaded according to priority designations and to ensure merchandise was delivered to stores in a timely and efficient manner.
Established and monitored the daily receiving schedule and priorities, ensures priorities are adhered to and that resources are utilized appropriately in order to control costs.
Supervised daily activities of clerical and warehouse staff and held accountable for their performance.
Allocated work, monitored productivity, and procures resources to facilitate staff performance, ensuring high standards of quality, accuracy, housekeeping, merchandise damage minimization and safety.
Hired, oriented, trained, evaluated, recommended pay increases and developed associates. In conjunction with Operations Manager, carried out disciplinary actions or recommended termination of employment as appropriate.
Coordinated with inbound carriers to ensure smooth flow of merchandise into the distribution center.
Monitored status of merchandise and informed vendors and carriers of that status.
Responded to inquiries regarding freight movement from transportation personnel to ensure smooth merchandise flow.
Determined appropriate procedures for the receiving and checking of merchandise.
Implemented procedures and monitored adherence to, efficiency and cost effectiveness of the procedures.
Recommended changes, revisions, additions or deletions as necessary.
Shared and provided appropriate information and anticipated information needs of all distribution center associates in accordance with company quality and communication time schedule requirements.

1998-2005 Associate/Receiving Supervisor, Wal-Mart Distribution Center
Responsible for the shipping/receiving operation of over 50 associates in all aspects of daily staffing, forecasting, production, and quality control that has been consistently in the top ten in the region.
Analyzed warehouse workload to apply sufficient resources and drove warehouse production goals to set new record highs.

1992-1998 Automated Logistics Specialist, US Army
Responsible for ordering, shipping and receiving class IX parts for a battalion of 250+ personnel.
In charge of inventory control and quality assurance. Worked with SARSS and SAMS.
Contact this candidate