Adrian Rull
*** ******** ****.
Laredo, TX
*****
Phone: 956-***-****
E-mail: ad84es@r.postjobfree.com

A resourceful Operations Manager with proven staff managerial skills in a variety of settings, the ability to deliver results to tight deadlines and planning under pressure with extensive experience in ensuring that objectives and targets are achieved.
I am creative when working around conflicts and enjoy challenges. I am computer literate and experienced in using the internet as well as Microsoft applications such as Word, Outlook, Powerpoint and Excel. I also have significant experience in motivating and influencing a team, can interact with people in a friendly/helpful/professional manner, enjoy working as part of a team but can also work effectively without supervision using my own initiative.
I am an honest, reliable, highly motivated and conscientious person with excellent timekeeping and interpersonal skills, extremely well developed communication skills and a ‘can do’ attitude.

CORE SKILLS

Business management experience in a variety of settings
Staff management and organizational integration experience
Excellent organizational skills
Change agent stakeholder engagement relationship management
Adaptability, flexibility and ability to deal effectively with sudden changes in direction
Exceptional team spirit, communication/interpersonal/influencing skills

MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS

Winner of two on-the-spot awards for going above and beyond working requirements within two years of being hired
Co-Owner of Chkn Peak Bike Store at the age of 20
Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration (gained at the age of 23)
General Manager of Open Coffee Shop at the age of 18
Who's Who Among U.S. Students 1997-1998

EXPERIENCE

Yellow Freight 2010 – Present
Largest subsidiary of YRC Worldwide, YRC Freight is a provider of transportation and related services for 400,000 business customers worldwide.
Operations Manager
Responsibility for the day to day running of the subsidiary which includes creation of a daily loading plan to deliver freight in an efficient manner controlling both inbound and outbound freight.
Freight inspection, inventory and quality control
Health and safety responsibility for ensuring that the work environment is safe and risk free.
Deputizing for immediate manager and other supervisors as required.
Providing relevant and timely specialist advice and customer service with regards to shipping and receiving freight and payment disputes.
Work allocation, delegation of tasks, support, training, development, appraisal and supervision of staff.
Providing leadership, mentoring, advising, supporting and developing staff leading to subordinates being promoted to areas of greater responsibility.
Interviewing, recruiting staff leading to the successful placement of candidates to aspired posts.
Ensuring that clerical assistants follow protocol on documentation submission and that said documentation is tendered correctly.

Chkn Peak Bike Store Laredo, TX 2005-2009
Bicycle retailer and direct marketer of bicycles, parts and accessories for professional sports and physical recreation.
Owner/Manager
Responsibility for the day to day running of the business which included work allocation, delegation of tasks, support, training, development, appraisal and supervision of staff.
Budget/account management, inventory control, coordination and management of daily and monthly sales. Eliminated outdated costly procedures, reduced expenditure and increased productivity which resulted in greater profits for the company.
Management and maintenance of stock including placing orders for stock and special order items.
Database upkeep and maintenance.
Ensuring all staff were kept updated on the latest developments of the industry.
Conducting price surveys.
Bicycle maintenance and repairs, customer services dealing with and resolving customer complaints.
Responsible for the store being nominated for best customer service in 2007-2008.

Pro Bike Laredo, TX 2004-2005
Sales Associate/ Mechanic
Bicycle retailer and direct marketer of bicycles, parts and accessories for professional sports and physical recreation. Duties included:
Controlling and management of inventory, management and maintenance of stock including placing orders for stock and special order items.
Customer services and related activities such as promoting business operations.
Increasing customer base through excellent customer service skills.
Planning, coordinating, and implementing workshops on bike repair/maintenance resulting in increased productivity.
General repair and maintenance of bikes as well as diagnosing problems, design and servicing of wheel hubs, frames, mechanical and hydraulic braking systems, steering, suspension and drivetrain systems.

Open Coffee Shop Laredo, TX 2005-2005
Coffee shop providing quality food and excellent service.
General Management
Main Responsibilities:
Responsibility for the day to day running of the business which included work allocation, delegation of tasks, support, training, development, appraisal and supervision of staff.
Directing employees towards common objectives and goals and providing leadership when necessary.
Budget and account management and responsibility for the financial evaluation of the café including monthly assessments, planning the budget and monitoring the cost of goods and sales.
Dealing with customer feedback and providing outstanding customer service.
Contact this candidate