Erinn Simon

Phone: 906-***-**** E-mail: ad84uz@r.postjobfree.com

Experience
Unforgotten Acres
Farm Operations Manager June 2020 - Present
●Coordinate planning and execution of operations according to annual goals with reasonable timelines and flexibility to adapt plans as needed.
●Oversee administrative and clerical work related to finances, archive expense receipts, and bank reconciliation documents.
●Prepare, analyze, and audit quarterly and annual financial statements, aid in project budget preparation, and review expense reports.

Fleet Farm
Assistant Manager February 2022 - October 2022
●Collaborate with trainers to support the training needs of employees to increase flexibility in scheduling and employee qualifications.
●Discreetly manage 300+ member records and files to maintain compliance with the confidentiality of protected information.
●Create schedules in conjunction with processing requests to include: paid time off, bereavement leave, FMLA, and sick time.

United States Army Reserves
Human Resources Sergeant/ Supervisor October 2020 - Present
●Initiate and organize travel arrangements for 50+ members in-country and globally for training exercises and mobilization.
●Oversee $67,000 in cash and stamp stock over three postal locations in two countries, conduct monthly and event-oriented audits on financial and postal clerks with a less than .01% margin for loss and maintenance on over $25,000 in equipment.
●Ensure accurate reporting of the strength and location of personnel according to operational needs across 6 states and 200+ members.

United States Army Reserves
Human Resources Specialist/ Administrative Assistant March 2015 - October 2020
●Complete project work including: packet assembly, laminating/copying/printing, data entry projects including Google and Microsoft Suite software, authorizations, special event needs, and mass mailings.
●Act as recording secretary for various work groups: create agendas, annotate meeting minutes, prepare and distribute literature.
●Receive, sort, and distribute incoming and ongoing mail and other material, including interoffice correspondence.

Education

Lakeland University
B.A. in Accounting with a Minor in HR Management Expected Graduation 2026
●Related coursework includes Communication, Effective and Persuasive Writing.

Central Texas College
Certification in Supervision Management May 2019
Contact this candidate