Garth J. Byram
720-***-****
ad84fl@r.postjobfree.com
Lakewood, CO, 80235
Relevant Experience
DOUGLASS COLONY GROUP - Production & Quality Manager - April 2022 / Present
● Manage fabrication department for roofing and construction. (Sheet metal roofing accessories, wall panels, composite wall panels, cold formed steel stud walls)
● Facilitate moving the fabrication department into a more streamlined manufacturing facility.
● Create SOP’s and PM’s for all equipment.
● Create an inventory system with barcodes and scanners to track real time usage.
● Manage workflow times and raw material according to work orders.
● Project Manager for facility upgrades and commissioning of new equipment.
● Supervise 3 departments. 3 foremen and 30 employees. GEMINI EXTRACTION - Production & Quality Manager - March 2021 / March 2022
● Manage the day-to-day operations for the extraction processes.
● Design and implement new procedures.
● Employee schedule, work orders and flow of production.
● Manage inventory of raw materials and finished goods. VESTAS WIND SYSTEMS OF AMERICA - Production Manager - 2011 / 2021
● Manage the day-to-day operations for 3 departments with 20-80 operators and team leaders.
● Employee relations, team building, training, and team leader development.
● Talent sourcing and recruiting, hiring and discharge.
● KPI fulfillment in safety, quality, delivery, and cost.
● 5S methodology and 5 Why problem solving.
● Inventory, labor and cost control, budgeting.
● Daily use ERP, SAP, Apriso, Ultipro, Microsoft Office Suite. INTERCON SECURITY - Western Region Project Manager - 2006 / 2011
● Manage 16 site supervisors and 275 security officers on daily security protocols for 22 sites in 8 different states.
● Customer service, guest relations and satisfaction, conflict resolution.
● Human resources, employee relations, hiring and discharge, staff scheduling.
● Coaching and training of new personnel on company knowledge, policies, and standard procedures.
● Talent sourcing and recruiting. Billing and Payroll
*12+ years of experience in management and production for the factory and construction industries previous to 2006. *
Accomplishments
● Maintained a 100% KPI fulfillment in my department for the last 2+ years.
● Transformed 4 failing departments to KPI compliant.
● Mentored 4 operators into management positions, and 8 operators into team leader positions. Education
● A.A. in Business Management ● Bryant & Stratton Business College Certifications
● CPR/First Aid ● OSHA 10 hour
Continuing Education
● Six sigma green belt
● Situational leadership
● DiSC
● Crucial Accountability
● cGMP
● HACCP
Contact this candidate