Kecha Delesbore
**** ******** *****
Harker Heights, Tx 76548
Cell: 254-***-****
E-mail: ad851o@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
To make a transition into a position that displays my professional skills with job security and career growth.

QUALIFICATIONS
Previous positions requirements include leading and training other co-workers. Focusing on creating a consistent and positive relationship with patients, and customer experience. Monitoring and facilitating in everyday task. Efficient in various computer programs that include Microsoft word, excel, power point, and Dentrix, Denticon, Dolphin, Otho-fi, Epic

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Health Coordinator: Baylor Scott White Hospital Temple, Tx
March 2024-Present
Communicating with patients on upcoming appointments
Assisting Case Mangers Social Workers and RN
Discharge Care Plans
Schedule Appointments (Primary and Specialty Clinics)
Verify Insurances
Schedule Transportation for Patients
Epic
Medical Terminology
Attending daily MDR meetings with care teams

Operations Manager: Three Offices (Killeen, Cove, OMFS)
D4C Dental Brand Killeen, TX September 2018- March2024
Provide oversight and support to practice-level and administrative staff.
Maintain regular communication with affiliated doctors and office staff to review practice trends and performance objectives.
Develop, review, and implement recommendations for operational processes and initiatives with my RDO, and operations team.
Implement and maintain company culture and core values.
Advise and train practice mangers on daily operational policies.
Approve and monitor office staff hours and proper staffing.
Onboarding
P&L
Hiring
Compliance
Training Trackers
Daily Office Duties to run practice.

Business Assistant/EDDA, Dental Assistant
Market Heights Family Dental Harker Heights, TX August 2016-September 2018
Scheduling and checking patients in and out.
Knowledgeable of Dentrix
Verify insurance and submitting claims.
Processing payments
Explaining treatment plans
Multi-Line telephone communication
Assisting Patients with any questions

EDDA, Dental Assistant, Sedation Coordinator
Kids Dental Zone, Inc. New Orleans, Louisiana January2012- August2016
Chair side assisting with the doctor.
Scheduling and checking patients in and out.
Certified in Radio graphic Techniques and Safety
Knowledgeable of Dentrix
Verify insurance and submitting claims.
Proper cleaning and sterilizing instruments
Coordinating Sedation patients, medications, treatment, and scheduling with doctors
Ordering office supplies and maintenance on equipment
Training new assistants
Explaining treatment plans
Multi-Line telephone communication

Store Manager
Family Dollar Alexandria, Louisiana April2006-January2012
Process invoices and orders to outside vendors.
Process digital orders, and store orders for merchandise.
Coordinated schedules for orders to be process and complete inspections on incoming merchandise.
Input Payroll
Hiring and firing of all employees
Daily task of running a store
Supervisor of 5-15 employees
All store safety training

Assistant Manger
FedEx Office and Print Center Alexandria, Louisiana June2002-April2006

Process production of all center jobs
Scheduling employees
Daily Bank Deposit
Open and Close of Center
Process shipping orders.
Over seen the training of new employees
Submitted large bids to printing centers on behalf of other companies.
Daily task throughout the printing center
EDUCATION:
Undergraduate Bachelor Degree of Business Management:
University of Phoenix(online), Phoenix, AZ
Graduated: December 2021
Graduated -General Studies
Oliver Perry Walker High School New Orleans, Louisiana May 1994
REFERENCES:
Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate