APRIL BROWN
ad85bh@r.postjobfree.com 662-***-**** Eupora, MS 39744
Summary
Trying to better myself in life like a better job for me and my family and I know I'll be the right person for this position.
Skills
Employee Performance Evaluations
Operations Management
Sales Monitoring
Product and Service Knowledge
Staff Supervision
Employee Scheduling
Experience
Dollar General Retail Stire Mathiston, MS
Assistant Manager
06/2023 - Current
Assisted in the development of operational strategies to ensure efficient and productive operations.
Provided guidance and support to junior staff members on daily tasks, projects, and objectives.
Conducted regular performance reviews for employees to identify areas of improvement.
Developed a system for tracking inventory and ordering supplies as needed.
Communicated regularly with customers to gain insights into their needs.
Established processes for monitoring customer satisfaction levels.
Created reports on sales trends, inventory levels, and financial data.
Supervised daily operations including scheduling shifts, assigning duties.
Organized schedules, workflows and shift coverage to meet expected business demands.
Supervised receiving and stockroom activities to identify opportunities with inventory and prevent shrinkage.
Delegated work to staff, setting priorities and goals.
Recruited and trained new employees to meet job requirements.
Provided leadership, insight and mentoring to newly hired employees to supply knowledge of various company programs.
Happy Start Learning Academy Starkville, MS
Asst Teacher
08/2019 - 03/2020
Assisted classroom teacher in developing and implementing lesson plans.
Provided individualized instruction to students who needed additional assistance.
Supervised small group activities.
Helped maintain a safe and orderly learning environment.
Encouraged positive behavior with rewards and incentives.
Attended faculty meetings as requested by the lead teacher.
Created weekly newsletters for parents detailing upcoming events and activities.
Assisted in planning field trips and special events such as assemblies or performances.
Provided one-on-one help to struggling students during study hall sessions.
Organized instructional materials, bulletin boards, displays, and demonstrations.
Prepared reports on student performance for administrators.
Evaluated student work using established criteria.
Utilized technology such as computers, projectors, iPads. to enhance lessons.
Facilitated communication between families and school personnel about issues relating to students' academic progress.
Maintained safe, educational environment for students during learning and free play time.
Interacted positively with children to encourage development and involvement in activities, treating each child with dignity and respect.
Assisted teacher with enrichment activities, correcting papers or supervising classroom to foster positive learning environment
Worked with students to reinforce learning of material or skill introduced by teacher.
Created calm and disciplined classroom environment to improve student focus.
Arranged age-appropriate activities to help children develop interests and talents.
Assisted children at mealtime to teach social and self-help skills and sound nutritional practices.
Communicated regularly with parents, teachers and administrators regarding student progress and needs.
Assembled instructional materials for children's projects and play-time.
Created colorful and attractive displays for bulletin boards and hallways.
Observed student performance and analyzed individual records to assess progress.
Protected confidential information related to staff and families.
Implemented lesson plans for students with varying learning styles.
Built and strengthened positive relationships with students, parents and teaching staff.
Created lesson plans and chose supporting materials to promote positive learning experiences.
Planned and implemented lessons using various teaching strategies to meet diverse student needs.
Met with parents and guardians to discuss students' progress and areas requiring improvement.
Performed student background reviews to ascertain learning deficiencies and strengths to develop tailored lessons based on student needs.
Scheduled tutoring sessions to help students improve grades and gain better grasp course material.
Dollar General Mathiston, MS
Lead Key Holder
08/2014 - 10/2018
Assisted in the training of new key holders and staff members on company policies and procedures.
Monitored cash handling, replenishment, merchandising, stockroom organization and other operational processes to ensure compliance with company standards.
Conducted daily store walks to inspect store operations and customer service levels.
Supervised team members in opening, closing procedures including bank deposits, safe counts.
Developed action plans to address any discrepancies or issues identified during audits.
Assisted customers with product selection information and resolving complaints in a timely manner.
Facilitated communication between management team, store associates, vendors and corporate offices when necessary.
Reviewed daily sales reports for accuracy and made recommendations for improvement where applicable.
Adhered to all safety protocols while operating equipment such as ladders or pallet jacks.
Operated cash register.
Monitored cash drawers in checkouts to verify adequate cash supply.
Handled opening and closing duties to keep store organized, well-stocked and running smoothly.
Signed for incoming shipments in manager's absence.
Supervised receiving and stockroom activities to identify opportunities with inventory and prevent shrinkage.
Maintained store and maintained appearance.
Supported loss prevention initiatives to minimize theft.
Completed thorough opening, closing and shift change functions to maintain operational standards each day.
Invited customers to participate in store activities and special events.
Monitored sales performance through analysis of sales reports and comparison shopping.
Addressed employee issues and conflicts to provide input, feedback and coaching.
Monitored sales floor to prevent product loss and item damage.
Greeted customers to determine wants or needs.
Cleaned shelves, counters and tables to maintain organized store.
Answered store and merchandise questions and led customers to wanted items.
Unboxed new merchandise and restocked shelves in appealing and organized arrangements to promote items.
Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays to focus customer attention on specific items.
Performed floor moves, merchandising, display maintenance and housekeeping to keep sales areas well-stocked, organized and current.
Organized store by returning merchandise to proper areas and restocked displays.
Opened and closed cash registers by counting money, separating charge slips and balancing drawers.
Exchanged merchandise for customers and accepted returns.
Ticketed, arranged and displayed merchandise to promote sales.
Bagged or packaged purchases and wrapped gifts.
Watched for and recognized security risks and thefts to prevent or handle situations.
Education and Training
Eupora High School Eupora, MS
High School Diploma
05/2001
Contact this candidate