Livia “Niecy” Moore-Tolden
Ellenwood, GA ***** 404-***-**** ad86x8@r.postjobfree.com

Qualifications for:
Duty Operations Manager

Tactical and strategic decision making skills Operation Service Management
Strategic Analysis & Planning Safety Assurance Process Optimization
Team Building, Training & Leadership Motivational & Directional Coaching
Actionable Recommendations Cross-Divisional Partnerships Environmental & EPA Standards
Continuous Improvement Workplace Change Management Risk Mitigation Customer Service

Highly Motivated Operations Leader who offers 12+ years’ experience with Delta Airlines in driving safety-, team building-, quality-, service-, and financial-focused initiatives within fast-paced, rapidly evolving, high-volume cargo operations. Influential Self-Starter who makes strategic and tactical plans, proactive recommendations, and sound decisions as a 20-year airline industry professional able to tackle ambiguous challenges and facilitate goal-aligning solutions for success. Excellent Communicator who coaches, mentors, and manages teams to yield high-performance results, who builds alliances among cross-divisional peers, and who continually sees the “big picture” at all times ensuring smooth, safe, and secure operations to support Delta’s mission, vision, and values.

Professional Synopsis

Delta Airlines 2010 – Present

Operation Service Manager (2021 – Present)
Leverage broad scope of industry knowledge toward driving forward-thinking Below Wing (West Coast) and Cargo East and West Coast operations while ensuring a consistently safe, fast-paced, high-volume workplace environment.

Train, mentor, and manage a top team of front-line direct reports to exceed operational goals, including setting performance standards, ensuring employee accountability, and championing dynamic leadership through change.

Coordinate and manage on-time departures (D-Zero), as well as safety, security, customer service delivery, and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Exhibit strong organizational, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills.

Participate in Incident Analysis reports, Injury Prevention Group sessions, and station safety meetings. Maximize the use of labor resources by planning, prioritizing, and scheduling staff workflow to align with business volume.

Expertly develop safety-focused strategic and tactical plans.
Continually liaise between Delta and contracted business partners.
Demonstrate working knowledge of all Delta policies and procedures.
Selected as a Guest Speaker on a Winter LEAD Panel with Delta’s CEO.
Consistently meet and / or exceed deadlines within time-sensitive scenarios.
Boost individual results by proactively measuring and analyzing employee performance.
Drive metric performance and exceed customer satisfaction via key process improvements.
Adhere to station Safety Business Plan and compliance with performance and safety standards.

Cargo Specialist (2020 – 2021)
Strategically steered collaborations with Delta Cargo operations to avoid delays in product delivery. Served as the primary point-of-contact performing as a station representative or call center agent responsible for customer contact.

Prepared and disseminated reports to key stations on failures of the proceeding day.
Gathered data using Webvision, Vmail, and LoadTrack, and compiled Excel spreadsheets.

Cargo Mail Analyst Lead (2018 – 2020)
Strategically steered proactive gathering of data of weight and piece count sent by post office through Delta on a daily basis. Prepared spreadsheet reports weekly to send to post office and Delta manager for updating work status.

Ensured a score of 94.7 or above daily by assisting with daily operations.
Promoted mutual growth of team members via collaboration and coordination.

Livia Moore-Tolden
Page Two 404-***-**** ad86x8@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Synopsis
(continued)

Delta Airlines (continued)

Cargo Customer Service Lead (2010 – 2018)
Spearheaded increased productivity and efficiency to facilitate results-focused, customer service-centric daily functions in a busy cargo operations environment. Complied with all organizational policies and procedures.

Coached, mentored, and managed cross-functional teams.
Concurrently served as Acting OSM in the ATL Cargo Operation.
Built positive relationships with Customs Agents, USDA, and Fish & Wildlife Departments.

Midwest Airlines 2007 – 2010

Customer Service Representative
Delivered excellence in customer service while coordinating and managing quality-oriented administrative operations, including addressing customer inquiries. Fostered positive relationships with third-party organizations.

Built strong alliances with high-profile TSA and CBP.
Played a vital role in completing numerous ad hoc projects.
Documented customer complaints and identified key resolutions.

AirTran Airways 2003 – 2006

Crew Tracker Lead Customer Representative Supply Clerk Ramp Agent
Rapidly advanced from initial role as Ramp Agent through to Crew Tracker due to a stellar job performance. Promptly responded to and resolved customer service-related issues and complex challenges.

Consistently ensured strict adherence to DOT regulations.
Continually fostered a safe, positive work environment at all times.
Monitored customer service quality levels while meeting time-sensitive goals.

Education

Clayton State College

Business Start-Up Certificate

Atlanta Area Technical School

Secretary Diploma

Morris Brown College

Undergraduate Psychology Studies

Technical Summary

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) MPS Deltamatic Webvision Vmail LoadTrack
Yard Functions Scrub Desk Operations ETD / Physical Searches X-Ray Machine Operations Cooler Operations
Contact this candidate