Harold Todd-Lopez
Memphis, TN
ad86wk@r.postjobfree.com
901-***-****
Transportation Supervisor
UNFI, Pompano Beach, FL
January 2024-May 2024
While in this role, I have been assisting the Transportation Manager in supervision of 75+ drivers and staff in the transportation department. Implementing schedules, departure times and daily functions of the department. Ensuring daily changes are coordinated in the most efficient, effective, and productive manner. Monitoring driver departure times and reporting the information accordingly. Share on-call duty with other supervisors in the department. Coordinating customer deliveries with the drivers and notifying customers of delays. Answering phones, directing calls, as well as handling customer, warehouse, and driver inquiries. Acting as back-up person in the absence of the Transportation Manager. Summarizing and publishing results of quality checks and “on-time reporting”. Acting as key communicator between various departments regarding schedule changes and new account service.
Operations Manager
Elite Logistics Miami LLC - Miami, FL (Amazon Delivery Partner)
December 2019 to November 2023
Responsible for all daily functions for this site at this employer, the owner of the company was international.
Managed daily operations to include operations, safety, payroll, finance, budgets and HR for 65+ employees. Additionally responsible for weekly schedules, answer daily questions from Amazon. Handled DOT training and compliance as well as monitor daily routes. Acted as the Designated Employer Representative for random drug testing as well as monitored and investigated all accidents and incidents. Organized record keeping of all DOT related items such as DOT Physicals, Medical Cards, Drug Testing, and State and Local licensing for the business. Ensured all drivers remained in full compliance with FMCSA regulations. Responsible for ordering all supplies needed to operate on a daily basis. Monitored Fuel/DEF Costs as well as handled all scheduled maintenance/repairs for the fleet.

Assistant Manager
Amazon Warehouse - Miami, FL
October 2016 to December 2019
Assist with sorting packages to routes, while managing 35+ Amazonians plus 30+ DA’s monitoring routes as needed and speaking on daily calls about metrics at the station. Coaching of drivers and staff as needed. Traveled to other locations to assist with training often in the East Coast division.
Road Supervisor/Safety Staff Coordinator
First Transit - Broward County Transit Dania Beach, FL
December 2014 to September 2016
Numerous duties to include conducting Safety Meetings, filing, inventory/ordering of supplies, money count from drivers, time recording for staff, dispatching of drivers, assignment of vehicles, as well as on the road assistance and observation with the drivers. Conducted interviews of potential drivers as well as worked in the training department for processing new hires. Investigated near miss, road issues, accidents and incidents and reported them for claims handling/followed up on claims. Assisted the Safety Manager in conducting audits of files and ensuring drivers were taken for Random Drug testing as well as after accident drug/alcohol testing.
Contact this candidate