PAULETTE HARRIS
Avondale, Pennsylvania ***** ad86fr@r.postjobfree.com
302-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/paulette-harris OPERATIONS PROFESSIONAL
Oversight of operational efficiency and compliance. Expert in mapping, enhancing, and streamlining cross-functional workflows for maximum efficiency. Proficient in steering global initiatives, collaborating with IT for reporting dashboards, and mitigating project risks, ensuring adherence to quality standards by adhering to best practices and customer requirements. Ability to work independently and collaboratively on distributed teams. Motivated to learn and grow in role. KEY SKILLS
Process Mapping and Optimization Global Initiative Rollout and Monitoring Dashboard and Report Creation Risk Analysis and Mitigation Strategy Framework Development for Reporting Client Deliverable Management Contingency Planning and Risk Management Written & Oral Communication Skills Organizational & Delegation Skills MS Office MS Project Spanish PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CITCO FUND SERVICES, Malvern, PA 6/2021 - 11/2023
Operations Manager 4/2022 - 11/2023
Created process that facilitated accurate and timely reporting to stakeholder groups of a $10M savings companywide initiative. Examples of reportable data points included, % complete, % at risk, scheduled workload by department.
Mapped current and proposed future cross-functional processes for various efficiency-related initiatives that resulted in a 70% decrease in reportable incidents.
Analyzed project timelines to identify schedule and resource- related risks and recommended mitigation strategies to minimize or avoid the risk.
Facilitated subject matter expert sessions with multi-departmental teams for the purpose of collecting technical requirements and brainstorming solutions that would later become part of the company’s standard operating procedures.
Managed allocation of resources to test new application features prior to global roll-out of management tool. Successful resource allocation included ensuring availability of resource, theoretical and technical skill match. Resource allocation effort had a 95% success rate.
Managed global accounting teams’ onboarding to new technology by coordinating with Training and Product Development departments to develop communication plan, schedule sessions according to time-zones, track attendance, monitor and report users’ onboarding compliance. Management of the onboarding effort resulted in a 90% success rate. Fund Accounting Manager 6/2021 - 3/2022
Reviewed quarterly Investment packs for accuracy and completeness.
Collaborated with Investor Services Department to ensure all investor contributions received were accurately credited to investor accounts.
Managed year -end auditors’ requests for information successfully and met 100% of deadlines.
Communicated in a time-sensitive manner with offshore team about client decisions and requests from prior day so that deliverables could be appropriately re-prioritized and delivered on time. Paulette Harris ad86fr@r.postjobfree.com Page 2 BNY MELLON CORPORATION, Wilmington, DE 11/2007 - 1/2019 Private Equity Fund Accounting Vice-President 9/2013 - 1/2019
Developed, implemented, and monitored action plans that resulted in the timely delivery of products and services.
Developed contingency plans that helped the team and firm prepare for events that may unfavorably impact the production pipeline.
Review of all major deliverables before release to clients.
Managed year-end audit process from development of timeline, resource allocation, to final review of audit packages. All audits were completed on time.
Managed interactions with third-party vendors (e.g., auditors, printing services companies).
Hired and trained new hires. Conducted performance reviews and assigned year-end bonuses. ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
BNY MELLON CORPORATION, Wilmington, DE
Private Equity Fund Accounting Manager 2009 - 2013
Supervised four junior accountants and ensured proper onboarding to their positions.
Created standard operating procedures that documented key fund accounting practices, e.g., management fee computation.
Managed deliverable production pipeline by creating deliverables calendar, proactively assigned balanced workloads to team members, and ensured needed resources were available to complete all scheduled work.
Partnered with Investor Relations Department to identify and correctly credit investor accounts with capital contributions and debit disbursements. Private Equity Fund Accountant I, II 2007 - 2009
Completed quarterly and annual financial statements, updated financial notes and period-end highlights, which included, carried interest, ROR, and IRR calculations.
Performed daily cash analysis. Set up accruals and prepaid expenses.
Prepared, processed, tracked, and booked wire requests and fund transfers for investment capital calls and expenses.
EDUCATION
Certificate in Project Management
UC Berkeley Extension School
Master in Public Administration/Healthcare Administration, MPA New York University
Bachelor of Arts, BA
Hunter College
Contact this candidate