KEVIN B. CLEAVES
*** ****** **** ***** ******, GA 30132 404-***-**** ad88zj@r.postjobfree.com
Dedicated Field Manager with a strong track of Driving and overseeing property maintenance, warehouse operations, and forklift driving. Adept at optimizing schedules, solving problems, and ensuring materials and resources are effectively managed. Seeking to continue driving company success and ensuring the highest standards of maintenance and efficiency.
Professional Experience:
Field Manager - Spectrum Property Solutions - Kennesaw, GA December 2020 - Current
Responsible for driving a company vehicle to inspect 35 properties daily across Georgia.
Develop and execute schedules for field technicians in assigned territories.
Excellent problem-solving and time management skills.
Conduct forklift operations in the in-house warehouse.
Perform maintenance repairs for Atlantic Station and all Simon Properties across Georgia, including Auto Zone, Chase Banks, malls, and outlets.
Purchase materials needed for designated territory.
Track and update material status on work orders using the internal portal.
Ensure client portals are up to date with job progress and estimated time of arrival (ETAs).
Conduct light plumbing repairs.
Maintain outstanding attendance.
ARM - Warehouse - Maintenance Technician - Atlanta, GA April 2017 - December 2020
Developed and executed schedules for field technicians in assigned territories.
Demonstrated excellent problem-solving and time management skills.
Operated forklifts in the in-house warehouse.
Conducted maintenance repairs for Atlantic Station and all Simon Properties across Georgia.
Purchased materials needed for designated territory.
Tracked and updated material status on work orders using the internal portal.
Ensured client portals were up to date with job progress and ETAs.
Performed light plumbing repairs.
Maintained outstanding attendance.
Maintenance/Forklift Driver - Five Star Bath Solutions - Smyrna, GA March 2013 - April 2017
Operated forklift to transport heavy bath and shower materials from storage warehouse.
Safely transported materials to different locations within the facility.
Secured loads to the machine before transportation.
Engaged in commercial and residential remodeling activities.
Completed demolition of tub and shower areas.
Conducted light plumbing repairs.
Specialized in tub to shower conversions, new shower installations, shower/tub combos, and walk-in tub installations.
Received training in safety accessibility.
Maintained outstanding attendance.
Maintenance Supervisor - ABM, Cherokee County Schools - Woodstock, GA February 2009 - May 2013
Conducted routine plumbing repairs.
Responsible for all repairs and maintenance of manufacturing machinery.
Assisted less skilled workers in building, construction, and general maintenance.
Reviewed works performed by other staff to ensure quality.
Delivered cleaning supplies to schools.
Maintained outstanding attendance.
Facility Maintenance Operator - Northside Hospital - Atlanta, GA March 2009 - April 2013
Initiated repairs and restoration of products and services.
Prepared surfaces and painted various structures and equipment.
Fixed minor leaks and facilitated standard maintenance for various areas.
Inspected structural quality of property for general safety and occupancy.
Education:
High School Diploma - Westwood, Memphis, TN May 1992
References available upon request.
Contact this candidate