JUSTIN R. RAMSUMAIR
*** ** **** ******* # ***
Pembroke Pines, FL 33024
ad8aj0@r.postjobfree.com
954-***-****

QUALIFICATIONS

Skilled in maintaining staff productivity and morale in high pressure situations through proven leadership ability.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with effective combination of balancing multiple priorities and innovative strategies to continually meet and exceed objectives.
Extensive knowledge in medical terminology, ICD 10 and CPT coding.
Knowledgeable in Microsoft office, QuickBooks, Xactimate, Medical and Workability Systems.
Designated integrated health disability expert who is responsible for coaching peers on proper integration techniques and utilization of 360 tools in accordance with the Aetna One Model
Served as a subject matter expert in the areas of statutory concurrent leave management.
Played an instrumental in drafting Bank of America's Disability and Leave of Absence process flows which was presented to the client in early 2013.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

April 2021 – July 2024 Pronto Restoration Sunrise, FL
Project Manager/Sales Manager

•. Analyze company data, monitor budgets and prices using software packages.
• Review and assess cost estimates.
• Prepare detailed cost estimate reports.
• Conduct regular risk assessments.
• Oversee the different stages of a company project to ensure that expenses follow the forecast plan.
• Collect different quotes from subcontractors, vendors, and suppliers.
• Coordinating with cross-disciplined team members to make sure that all parties are on track with project
requirements, deadlines, and schedules.
• Preparing status reports by gathering, analyzing, and summarizing relevant information.
• Establishing effective project communication plans and ensuring their execution.
• Managing customer satisfaction within the project transition period.
• Conducting post-project evaluation and identifying successful and unsuccessful project elements.

April 2017 - February 2021 Allstate Insurance Agency Sunrise, FL
Client Liaison/ Licensed Insurance Agent

Common duties include contacting prospective customers, sometimes through cold calling, providing information on different policy types, tailoring policies to clients' coverage needs and financial status, maintaining records, renewing current policies, and assisting with claims.
As an insurance sales agents I typically do the following: Expand my customer base by interviewing prospective clients to get data about their financial resources and discuss existing coverage. ... Analyze clients' current insurance policies and suggest additions or changes
Common duties include contacting prospective customers, sometimes through cold calling, providing information on different policy types, tailoring policies to clients' coverage needs and financial status, maintaining records, renewing current policies, and assisting with claim

May 2016– April 2019 G-Star Raw Lincoln Rd Miami Beach, FL
Sales Associate

Have basic understanding of sales principles and customer service.
Physical demands: This position involves constant moving, talking, hearing, reaching, grabbing and standing for at least six consecutive hours. May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, crouching and climbing ladders.
Readily available to work a variety of hours, which may include early mornings, evenings, weekends and overnight shifts.
Ability to multi-task, while being attentive to customers and remaining flexible to the needs of the business.
Ability to work as part of a team and take initiative independent of direct supervision.
Posses competitive sales tactics necessary to meet weekly/monthly sales goals in luxury retail.

2016 - Present Ming Entertainment/ESPN College Football & Baseball Miami, FL
Skilled Utility/Runner

Order, reserve or rent equipment needed to complete the production
Responsible for going on runs to obtain necessary materials
Assisted cameraman with cable (ie: over and under)
Assisted with setting up cameras, microphones, and cables throughout stadium
Responsible for maintaining a clean work environment
Organized crafty making sure it was readily available (ie: food and drinks)
Readily available whenever needed

2017 -2018 495 Productions: Jersey shore Family Vacation Miami Beach, FL
Production Assistant/Crew Driver

Order, reserve or rented equipment needed to complete the production
Responsible for camera crews arrival and departure on and off set
Assisted camera crew through daily tasks
Assisted in maintaining a clean work environment
Organized crafty making sure it was readily available (ie: food and drinks)
Responsible for catering and overseeing crews ate on time
Maintained a positive work atmosphere

2012 – 2018 Restoration 1 of Parkland / Infinity EMS Parkland, FL
Account/Project Manager
Client Liaison

Prepared and Implemented fleet, marketing, sales plans
Developed and maintained relationships with local decision makers to grow business
Trained and developed employees to excel in: Sales and Service
Directly involved in Hiring/Firing process
Developed back end support strategies to increase efficiency
Working account receivables and collecting invoice payments
Oversee cleanliness, maintenance, and security of the branch and their assets

2011 - 2015 Aetna Disability and Absence Management Plantation, FL
Disability Benefits Manager
Managed short term disability claims involving complex and non-complex conditions.
Communicate and interact with treating providers to obtain appropriate medical information needed to adjudicate multiple leaves including, Short Term Disability (STD), Federal Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Leave of Absence (LOA).
Investigate, secure and analyze information pertaining to claimants' medical condition, occupational demands and other policy provisions to determine eligibility for and entitlement to disability benefits.
Apply federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting claim investigation, disability decision, claim payment and taxation of benefits.
Perform on-going claim management activities to appropriately assess claim liability.
Responds to claim and account inquiries from claimants, policyholders and other interested parties.
Resolve claim issues through effective verbal and written communication.
Makes independent risk-assessment decisions and effectively utilizes risk management tools.
Coordinate and facilitate the Return to Work initiative with claimant, provider and employer.

EDUCATION

Pembroke Pines Charter High School
Class of 2010
Contact this candidate