* ******* **** ***** ****
ad8awl@r.postjobfree.com
077*******
077*******

OVERVIEW
Sales and Marketing professional with 8 years’ experience
I am a dynamic, committed, versatile and results-oriented Communications,Sales and marketing professional with experience in public relations, projects management, and cooperate marketing. My career goal is to be associated with a progressive dynamic organization which can fully utilize my skills and potential. I am also a versatile and creative person, fast leaner and always willing to learn new things and I am able to work with all people from different backgrounds and departments. I am able to work under pressure with minimal supervision. I value job satisfaction and interacting with work mates at all levels as well as management, professionally and cordially. I am a hard worker with special abilities in handling crises situations and working under pressure. In short I am a self-starter who is principled, dependable, honest, thorough, organized and goal oriented.

.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Company: Namene Solar
Period: March 2023– To date
Location: Harare
Positions 1. Regional Sales Supervisor (Mash East Province)

Description
Develop and implement regional sales strategies to meet and exceed sales targets
Monitoring and analysing regional sales performance and trends to identify areas of improvement
Leading and motivating a team of District supervisors to ensure they meet their individual and team sales goals
Develop and maintain relationships with key customers and partners in the region
Identifying and developing new business opportunities in the region
Developing and implementing sales training programs for sales agents
Developing and managing regional sales budgets
Developing and implementing promotional activities to increase sales
Attending trade shows and other industry events to promote the company's products and services
Preparing and presenting sales reports to senior management

Company: Harare Kawasaki
Period: June 2019– To date
Location: Harare
Positions 1. Business Development Officer

Description
Sales and Marketing management for KAWASAKI and ZONGSHEN brands .
Attending meetings with clients, prospecting for new business and new partnerships.
Profitability analysis, market research, competitor analysis
Tender adjudication
marketing and sales promotions
social media campaigns
attending exhibitions, sales and marketing events.

Company: C AND J Accounting and secretarial services (Project: Zimbabwe Schools Water and Agriculture Project)
Location: Harare
Positions 1. Head Communications, Sales and projects (September
2018 to May 2019)
2.Provincial sales Rep Midlands and Manicaland (March 2016- September 2018
Description: Project Management and Monitoring and Evaluation for multi- million dollar ZIMSWAP Public Private Partnership with Ministry of Primary and secondary Education. Profitability analysis, market research, competitor analysis, Tender adjudication, drafting and caretaking of MOUs.Got promoted to head sales within two years.

Marketing and Sales Executive
In Creation Designs
August 2013 –April 2015
Key responsibilities included:
monitoring and analysing market trends
studying competitors' products and services
exploring ways of improving existing products and services, and increasing profitability
identifying target markets and developing strategies to communicate with them
preparing and managing marketing plans and budgets
managing the production of promotional material
advising on forthcoming product developments and discussing special promotions
Marketing and Sales Representative
Innov8
May 2012-August 2013
Key responsibilities included:
Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business,
Acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential markets,
Negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales,
Gathering market and customer information,
Challenging any objections with a view to getting the customer to buy,

Marketing and Public Relations Officer
Gweru Publicity Association
May 2011-May 2012
Key responsibilities included:
Setting annual communications targets in line with the Strategic Plan, as well as contributing to, and monitoring their implementation.
Production and dissemination of corporate materials.
Maintain & establish relationships with the press and membership.
Building the reputation of the Association with innovative PR campaigns.
Create and execute at least one viral campaign to drive traffic to the association and build interest in membership.
Drafting presentations as and when required.
Invite and manage the press attendance.

Internship (Marketing and Public Relations)
Steelmakers Zimbabwe Limited
August2009-August 2010
Key responsibilities included:
Planning, developing and implementing PR strategies
Liaising with colleagues and key spokespeople,
Liaising with and answering enquiries from media, individuals and other organizations, often via telephone and email.
Researching, writing and distributing press releases to targeted media
Collating and analyzing media coverage.
Writing and editing in-house magazines, case studies, speeches, articles and annual reports.
Preparing and supervising the production of publicity brochures, handouts, direct mail leaflets, promotional videos, photographs, films and multimedia programs.

QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science Honours Degree in Media and Society Studies
Midlands State University
Upper Second Class (2:1)

Masters in Marketing Strategy
Midlands State University
Pass

Certificate in Projects Management :Pending
LICENCE Clean class 4 driver’s licence

SKILLS
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Proven report writing and documentation skills
Highly Computer Literate (Microsoft Office packages)
Demonstrated ability and commitment to work with different target groups.
Demonstrated ability to compile and produce organisational publications and proposals.
Proven interpersonal and networking skills

INTERESTS
Reading to keep abreast with current affairs

REFERENCES

Available on Request

Salome R. Chidovori MSc
Contact this candidate