Resume of
David S. Padilla
***** ********** **.
Houston, TX. 77047
281-***-****
ad8bad@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE: To gain employment with a company that will challenge my skill and ability to
Produce growth and learning while contributing to the desired goals of the
Organization.

QUALIFICATIONS: My strength is having a consistent awareness of the quality of work that I
Contribute to optimize the product or service which the organization provides.
I strive for excellence in all areas of my life. I possess a strong work ethic that
Seeks to minimize idleness. I take pride in my ability to handle multiple tasks
While prioritizing set goals. I am a meticulous and diligent team player that
Values every member’s contribution to the overall goal of the organization. I
Value, organization, punctuality and thoroughness in developing, implementing
And achieving goals set by the organization. I speak, read and write Spanish
Fluently.

EXPERIENCE: VNS Consultants, Houston, TX, - Attorney Liaison
Prepare billing statements for network of Imaging, Physical Therapy and
Chiropractic centers. Respond To E-mail and phone call requests for billing,
Medical records and legal documents required for court proceedings and
Insurance claims. Process case status updates for pending accounts. Respond
To bilingual (Spanish) calls regarding clients appointments, insurance, treatments
And billing inquiries.

AAA Furniture Wholesale, Houston, TX. - Operations Manager
Responsible for all aspects of importing and distribution of commercial furniture
To restaurant equipment dealers, direct retail sales at local, national and
International levels. Sole source for several national chain stores. Familiar with
Shipping and receiving, accounts receivables, marketing and sales.

Teas Nursery, Houston, TX. – Catalog Sales Manager
Responsible for processing correspondence and internet orders to nationwide
customer base. Familiar with plants and US Dept. of Agriculture shipping
guidelines. Maintained inventory and generated weekly sales and productivity
reports. Initiated a customer satisfaction follow-up program .

GTE Wireless, Houston, TX. – Customer Service Representative
Incoming call center. Resolving customer billing and service complaints. Provided
Basic technical support, sales upgrades and billing credits.

Medical / Dental
Medical Laboratory Assistant, Phlebotomist, and Dental Assistant throughout Houston
Clinics and hospitals.

EDUCATION: H.S. / GED (1981) El Paso Community College, El Paso, TX.
Dental Assistant Specialist Training ( 1981-1983 ) U.S. Air Force
Registered Phlebotomist Nat’l Clinical Pathology Training, Houston, TX.
Bachelor of Theology ( Aug 2009 – 2011 ) Shalom Bible College & Seminary
West Des Moines IA. Summa Cum Laude
Master of Nouthetic Counseling ( Aug 2011 – May 2013 )
West Des Moines IA. Summa Cum Laude
Doctor of Divinity ( Jun 2013 – Aug 2015 )
West Des Moines IA. Summa Cum Laude

References and additional information available upon request
Contact this candidate