Stanislaus Youdom
Banking and Finance

Address, Kumba Southwest

Phone, +237-***-**-**-**

E- Mail, ad8ccy@r.postjobfree.com

Self- starting Operations Manager offering high level experience in supervision of work over and completion. Successful introducing lean manufacturing to increase productivity and cut costs of completion. Well organized, attentive to detail and vigilant in achieving safety and environmental impact reduction objectives. Strong leader costs and promote organizational efficiency. Uses independent decision – making skills and sound judgment to positively impact company success. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities with a positive attitude. Willingness to take an added responsibility to meet team goal.

Work History
2017-12 Operations Manager
2022-12 Ets DeBoni Food,Douala, Littoral
Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain responsiveness to demands.
Implemented process improvement to shape organizational culture, optimize procedures for higher efficiency and help company evolve and grow.
Identified and resolved unauthorized, unsafe, or ineffective practice.
Developed and implemented strategies to maximize customer satisfaction.
Established positive and effective communication among unit staff and organizational leader ship, reducing miscommunications, and missed deadlines.
Negotiated contracts with vendors and suppliers to obtain best pricing and terms.
Direct initiative to improve work environment and overall business strategy.
Led hiring, onboarding and training of new hires to fulfill business requirements.
Manage inventory and supply chain operations to achieve timely and accurate delivery of good and services.
Handle problematic customers and clients to assist lower-level employees and maintain excellent customer service.
Reported financial data and updated financial record in ledgers and journals.
Process daily financial transactions in in support of finance team objectives.
Record deposits, reconciled monthly bank accounts and tracked expenses.
Assisted with preparation of monthly financial statement and reports to inform management.
Effectively communicated with clients about payment needs and kept updated, detailed and accurate ledger.

2014-08 Account Clerk
2017-12 Diligent Bilingual Academy, Kumba, Southwest
Applied mathematical abilities to calculate and check figures in accounting system.
Tracked and documented expenses for budgetary purposes
Compiled budget figures by reviewing past budgets, evaluating estimated income, and assessing expenses.
Applied paper codes to invoices, fills and receipts to keep records organized and easily searchable
Reconciled system account against bank statements.
Set up and updated Excel spread sheets to track financial data.
Reconciled account information and reported figures in general ledger by comparing to bank account statement each month.
Implement new procedures for office functions when needed.
Kept time record, conducted payroll audits and drafted documents and reports.
Input financial data and produced reports using software.

Education
2011-10 Bachelor of Technology Banking and Finance, National Polytechnic Bamenda Bambui
2013-07

2009-10 Higher National Diploma (HND) Banking and Finance, National Polytechnic Bamenda Bambui
211-06

Certifications
2015-05 Creation of Small and medium size enterprise (SMEs), International Labour Organization.

2017-02 Creation of Small and medium size enterprise (SMEs), International Labour Organization

Skills
Risk analysis and management
Supply chain distribution
Cost reduction strategy
Lean manufacture and quality systems
Superb time management skills
Complex problem analysis
Procument and sales
Logistic management
Proven influencer and negotiator
Microsoft Excel, Linux, Microsoft project, MS windows very good
Languages
English, native
French, Intermediate

Reference
Mr. Talla Souffo Denis Mr. Tchangmanyi Justin
CEO Administrator General
Ets DeBoni Food Diligent Bilingual Academy
Phone, +237-***-**-**-** phone, +237***-**-**-**
E-Mail, ad8ccy@r.postjobfree.com E-mail, ad8ccy@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate