Motivated and organized individual with years of experience.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Clinical Operations Manager 07/2022 - Present
Logistics Management 11/2000 to 07/2022
Licensed Particle Nurse 12/1997 –11/2000
SKILLS

Clinical Operations Manager July 2022 – Retiring September 2024
BEVAC of the Birmingham VA Health Care System, Irondale AL.
Submit work orders, assist Building Manager with maintenance projects, Repair work, fix and maintain machines, replace key locks and cores, mechanical equipment, and buildings. Spackling, Painting walls, repair flooring, ceiling tiles, plumbing, electrical, etc.
Upkeep of property to include grounds, repairing drywall, light plumping, replacing floor tiles, touch up paint, and diagnosing/repairing appliances. Preparing offices to be cleaned and also checking to make sure they are guest ready after cleaning and any repairs take place. Willing to learn and do whatever it takes to get the job done. Is a team player. Work well with others and independently with minimal supervision.

Building Maintenance (general)
Repair work, fix and maintain machines, mechanical equipment, and buildings. Painting, repair flooring, plumbing, electrical, etc.
Box Truck Driving:
Making short deliveries under 100 miles, utilizing pallet jacks, tailgate lifts, and ensure freight is secure.
Telework Capable:
Working remotely from home and or contractor site visits, utilizing government furnished laptop.
Director of Logistical Operations September 2021 – July 2022
VISN – 7 of the Birmingham VA Health Care System, Birmingham AL.

Develop and review Agency’s policy on the Disposal Management Program.
Conduct site audits to ensure compliance with Federal and Agency policies are being followed.
Compile, review, and submit Agency Federal Recipients and Exchange reports to meet Agency requirements.
Track the Agency’s surplus, exchange and recycling proceeds from disposition actions.
Participate in Federal meetings to gather and share information on operational programs.
Review and provide feedback to Proposed rules and regulations to General Services Administration’s Office of Government.
Coordinate development of workload objectives, performance goals, and budgets within the utilization program.
Foster a culture of engagement, diversity, inclusiveness, excellence and innovation. Champion VA’s commitment to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility to create an environment that promotes a commitment to safety, integrity, and teamwork
Director of Prosthetics and Sensory Aids Service November 2014 – September 2021
VISN – 9 of the Lexington VA Health Care System, Lexington KY
Direct oversight of twenty-seven prosthetics programs in support of 36,000 specialty Veteran’s with 120,000 consults, maintaining an annual budget of $24M. While establishing a great team across three campuses, promoting the “Customer Experience” philosophy with 3 supervisors and 58 staff. With the mission, Prosthetic & Sensory Aids Service (PSAS) is to provide comprehensive support to optimize health and independence of the Veteran. With a vision to be the premier source of prosthetic and orthotic services, sensory aids, medical equipment, and support services for qualifying Veterans.

Planning, developing, and directing a prosthetic program at the national, VISN or local level
Corresponding with Congressional and White-House staff
Serving as an advisor to clinicians with regard to selection, prescription, and acquisition of prosthetic devices involving furnishing information concerning such matters as new developments in the field of prosthetics and sources of supply for such devices
Interpreting prescriptions of clinicians in order to make certain that proper prosthetic devices are selected for, or by, the patients.
Authorizing the purchase, fabrication or repair of prosthetic devices
Maintaining continuous liaison with manufacturers and dealers of prosthetic supplies, inspecting their facilities and services and participating in the award of prosthetic appliance contracts
Participating in investigative/research project studies by selecting patients as pilot wearers of newly developed prosthetic items, evaluating the usefulness of such items and compiling of data
Giving technical and administrative advice and assistance on prosthetic problems to other facilities.
Formulates, presents, executes, and analyzes organizational budgets. Participates in developing the annual budget formulation and/or execution process. Evaluates financial trends and determines compliance with agency guidance. Coordinates assigned regional budget segment and planning processes in order to inform upper management on key issues, to impact Agency processes and decision-making, or to plan the regional budget for the upcoming fiscal year.
Contracting Officer Representative (COR) Level III, up to $36M Contracts
Performs program cost analyses such as development of life cycle or other cost analyses of projects, or performance of cost benefit or economic evaluations of programs. Assists with cost effectiveness studies by collecting data and making computations. Conducts cost-effectiveness studies for regional operating or administrative programs.
Manages procurement and contracting for the organization. This may include preparing procurement requests, evaluating proposals for work, acting as a Contracting Officer Representative (COR) for procurements, and/or maintaining procurement and contracting records. Manages contracting and procurement for small procurements that require varying approaches. Initiates and prepares contracts to secure adequate resources to facilitate operations to include determining appropriate costs, performing costs analysis, soliciting bids, writing sole source justifications, and communicating both orally and in writing with contractors.
Establishes program goals, manages program resources and/or operates aspects of a Prosthetics and Sensory Aids Program. Prepares specific instructions for ongoing operations or implements policies designated by higher-level personnel. Handles administrative matters pertinent to requesting and ordering through supply channels. Performs inventory and cost control. Provides advice on prosthetic program administrative matters. Manages a general medical facility or outpatient clinic prosthetic program. Develops management plans, designs prosthetic programs to include estimates of personnel, equipment, and materials, and deals with varied technical and administrative problems and concerns. Changes or adapts established methods, makes significant departures from previous approaches to improve or extend information gathering, and tests or adapts new methods to meet regulatory requirements. Manages a prosthetic program in a facility with special medical programs, such a Spinal Cord Injury Center, Nursing Home Care Unit, Blind Rehabilitation Clinic, or a Comprehensive Rehabilitation Center. Develops procedures to implement legislative and administrative requirements for the prosthetics and adaptive equipment and clothing program. Prepares policy and procedural guidance for program participants. Assures that all program activities are carried out in accordance with regulations on eligibility and extent of entitlements. Develops and implements management systems to assure timely delivery of services, assure patient satisfaction and compliance with regulation. Identifies and corrects negative trends. Manages all program resources. Prepares budget estimates to implement program, and monitors budget execution. Oversees the acquisition of prosthetics, sensory aids, adaptive equipment and clothing.
Performs the administrative and personnel management functions relative to staff supervised. Establishes guidelines and performance expectations for staff, which are clearly communicated through the formal employee performance management system. Observes workers' performance, demonstrates and conducts work performance critiques. Provides informal feedback and periodically evaluates employee performance. Resolves informal complaints and grievances. Develops work improvement plans, recommending personnel actions as necessary. Provides advice and counsel to workers related to work and administrative matters. Effects disciplinary measures as appropriate to the authority delegated in this area. Reviews and approves or disapproves leave requests. Assures that subordinates are trained and fully comply with the provisions of the safety regulations.

Acting VISN-9 Prosthetics Representative (VPR) November 2015 – ADHOC
VISN – 9 Mid-South Region
Instrumental in strategic reorganization, efficiency, automation/capital, and position strategies designed to yield flexible structure and support growth plans within a $195M budget. Coordinate all Prosthetic activities with other relevant departments and persons, as necessary in achieving the facilities mission in caring for our veterans at the VISN level. Participates and control activities such as, operations, improvements, quality control, safety, environmental and personnel utilization. Organize all improvements within the Prosthetics Service to ensure safe and efficient operations. Coordinate and establish high standards of continuing education/training programs in supply chain management in support of our veterans. Coordinate and establish continuing education/training programs in the short- and long-term goals. Responsible, for and advising the Executive Directors at the facility level, in all development of an enterprise-wide facilities management strategy and performance measures in accordance with established VISN-9 policy supported by the national policy. In support of VA's goals and objectives and in coordination with all VA organization elements, shaping the policies, objectives, priorities, strategies, programs, and procedures for accomplishing the work of and for directing the implementation of regulations, decisions, and directives of other governmental bodies relating to program activities for the facility organizational elements in accordance with established departmental policy. Acts in a staff capacity and functions in a role that facilitates linkages between the administrative requirements of the facility, keeping the Executive Directors apprised of issues in those areas that need to be addressed and presenting recommendations to resolve them.
Acting Director of Compliance and Business Integrity September 2014 – November 2014
Lexington VA Health Care System, Lexington KY
Worked to preserve Veterans' trust in Veterans Health Administration by promoting a culture of integrity, helping the facility manage and mitigate its legal and regulatory risk, and providing a compliance framework, leadership and oversight that promote an integrated, a department-wide program. Responsible to establish strategic direction for facility compliance and business integrity program. Conducted facility-level activities including audits, monitoring activities, risk management assessments, education and communication. Collaborated with VISN, State, and Congressional bodies concerning Veteran enquires. Implemented an effective compliance and business program, focus compliance and integrity programming on solutions and initiatives addressing access to care, community care, the revenue cycle and fraud, waste and abuse.
Acting Director of Prosthetics and Sensory Aids Service June 2014 – August 2014
VISN – 9 of the Lexington VA Health Care System, Lexington KY
Instrumental in strategic reorganization, efficiency, automation/capital, and position strategies designed to yield flexible structure and support growth plans within a $16M budget. Coordinate all Prosthetic activities with other relevant departments and persons, as necessary in achieving the facilities mission in caring for our veterans. Participates and control activities such as, operations, improvements, quality control, safety, environmental and personnel utilization. Organize all improvements within the Prosthetics Service to ensure safe and efficient operations. Coordinate and establish high standards of continuing education/training programs in supply chain management in support of our veterans. Coordinate and establish continuing education/training programs in the short- and long-term goals. Responsible, for and advising the Executive Director, in all development of an enterprise-wide facilities management strategy and performance measures in accordance with established VISN9 policy supported by the national policy. In support of VA's goals and objectives and in coordination with all VA organization elements, shaping the policies, objectives, priorities, strategies, programs, and procedures for accomplishing the work of and for directing the implementation of regulations, decisions, and directives of other governmental bodies relating to program activities for the facility organizational elements in accordance with established departmental policy. Acts in a staff capacity and functions in a role that facilitates linkages between the administrative requirements of the department, keeping the Executive Director apprised of issues in those areas that need to be addressed and presenting recommendations to resolve them.
Deputy Logistics Manager November 2013– November 2014
Lexington VA Health Care System, Lexington KY
Deputy Logistics Manager in all phases, coordinate and supervise all logistic activities to support the multi campus healthcare facilities with the Department of Veterans Affairs Lexington organization while maintaining high standards of safe, smooth and efficient supply chain management in a healthcare setting. Maintained warehousing operations with most strict responsibility for safe and efficient operational activities within warehousing operations. Plan, coordinate, supervise and evaluate all Logistic activities of the 34 Logistic employees, coordinate and supervise all logistic activities in safe, smooth and efficient procedures such as necessary in achieving the facilities mission in caring for our veterans. Participates and control activities such as logistic budgets, operations, improvements, quality control, safety, environmental and personnel utilization etc., organize all improvements within the Logistics department to ensure more safe and efficient operations. Responsible, for and advising the Executive Director, in all matters pertaining to VA's capital facilities and real property programs. The office oversees the development of an enterprise-wide management strategy and performance measures in accordance with established departmental policy. In support of VA's goals and objectives and in coordination with all VA organization elements, long-range goals and shaping the basic policies, objectives, priorities, strategies, programs, and procedures for accomplishing the work of and for directing the implementation of regulations, decisions, and directives of other governmental bodies relating to program activities for the facility organizational elements in accordance with established departmental policy.
Chief Inventory Management Specialist December 2011 – November 2013
Lexington VA Health Care System, Lexington KY
Responsible for the planning, direction and management of the Total Supply Support section of the Logistics Service including, Inventory Control, Storage, Stock Distribution, and Purchasing operations for the Lexington VA Medical Center. Knowledgeable in evolving logistics support concepts including contractor full-service support and total system performance responsibilities. Experience in the application techniques associated with predictive and reliability centered maintenance, knowledgeable in the principles and application of continuous process improvement. Perform detailed analysis and appraisal of equipment to identify and document technical data. Plan and coordinate the provisioning of inventory related data to support customers in the general areas of supply, configuration management, technical requirements identification, installation and maintenance of equipment, safety, and documentation development and maintenance. Identify potential risk and problem areas and provide recommended solutions. Supervise the analysis of data and provide detailed results to the customer.
Supervisory Inventory Management Specialist December 2005- December 2011
Bath VA Medical Center
Recognized by VISN-2 Chief Logistics Officer for his expertise to manage the IFCAP/GIP (Generic Inventory Package)/TSS (Total Supply Support program at the medical center and oversees all within Logistics Service. Reviews all expendable areas to ascertain that only the most current contract and standardized items are being procured. Supervisor of the Mail Room, Warehouse, Non-expendable Equipment Program, Inventory and Distribution Sections of Logistics, Including compliance with all legislative and accreditation requirements. Required to develop policies and procedures to meet the requirements of organizations and agencies such as the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
Lead Inventory Management Specialist November 2000 – December 2005
Accountable for facility consumable supply $5.4M program, property management, Maintaining, updates, and manages automated databases utilizing the GIP program. Participates in, and monitors the acquisition process of personal property to be owned or leased by the facility, to include receipt, storage, utilization, transfer, and disposal of such property maintaining a record of all transactions, performs periodic inventory of all equipment and property, resolving discrepancies on inventory lists with actual inventory. Prepares and submits mandatory monthly and yearly property reports to headquarters. Serves as the Accountable Property Officer (APO) for the personal and real property located at both campus facilities. If necessary, may act as the Logistics Officer when applicable.
Served as Real Property Accountable Officer for the facility medical property program.
Nurse December 1997 – November 2000
Canandaigua VA Medical Center
Under direction, to develop as part of a multi-disciplinary team, a broad spectrum plan of care, to provide specialized health care to clients in the population, to identify emerging/recurring health problems and develop programs with other agencies to manage these problems, takes comprehensive psycho-social histories using a variety of interviewing skills, performs and records physical assessments, performs and orders laboratory and screening tests necessary for proper diagnosis and interprets findings, develops in a multi-disciplinary team an individualized broad spectrum plan of care for each client, collaborates and consults with physicians and other health professionals on diagnosis and treatment plans.
Education and Background
Acquisition Management – Naval Post Graduate School, Monterey Ca. 2013
Business Management – Naval Post Graduate School, Monterey Ca.2012
Business Administration – Naval Post Graduate School, Monterey Ca. 2011
Executive Leadership Management – Naval Post Graduate School, Monterey Ca. 2010
Strategic Sourcing – VA Acquisition Academy, MD 2013
SCOR Certified– VA Acquisition Academy, MD 2012
MEDLOG21 certified– Chapel Hill NC 2013
Federal Acquisition Institute certification for completion of 60 courses through the Defense Acquisition University (DAU) 2009 – 2015 MD
License Practical Nursing Degree 1995 NY
FAC-C Level III, MD

References Available upon request.
Contact this candidate