Ericka Brzozowski
Product & Operations Management
Milwaukee, WI 53154 414-***-**** ad8cpf@r.postjobfree.com Influential, strategic, high performing leader with over 15 years of experience leading teams and functions focused on delivering high quality products
Innovative, results-driven leader with strong business acumen, operations management expertise, and ability to work with leadership to identify need for change, create vision and guidance, and execute change in alignment with performance-driven metrics. Able to center customers as focal point of decision making, ability to collaborate with peers for agility and innovation, and exudes interest in continuous learning to develop solutions yielding measurable results. Recognized overall for a strong work ethic, integrity, and a high degree of personal initiative to implement change in dynamic environments. Operations Management Strategic Planning Agile/Lean Best Practices Product Management Financial Reporting Performance Management Talent Development Content Management Change Management Thought Leadership NOTABLE ACCOLADES
Strategically managed $3m of product inventory minimizing waste level below .0004%.
Developed a training program incorporating videos that are leveraged across the organization for employee onboarding.
Managed the organization’s largest product and job bids across southern Wisconsin, leading to the organization’s largest accounts.
Served as the customer relationship specialist for the top customers managing sales and operational needs developing a customer focused experience.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Foundation Building Materials (Formerly Marriot Drywall Materials, Inc.) – Milwaukee, MI 2018 to Present Branch General Manager (2020 to Present)
Lead and direct the overall activities of the branch to deliver committed outcomes, comprehend voice of customer within the target market, and provide management to all personnel including human resource functions. Foster close collaborations with leaders across the organization to achieve the target rate of return on sales. Create a work environment conducive to learning, continuous improvement, and accountability regarding forecasts and results.
Increased profitability of branch by reducing operational costs, continuously reviewing product/service quality, implementing modifications to the inventory management system, and maintaining a process improvement backlog.
Strategically work with the President and VP to establish branch sales targets, operational metrics, HR Initiatives, and marketing targets. Recommend short-term and long-range goals with the involvement from the team.
Lead recruitment efforts for top talent establishing partnerships with educational systems, social programs employment agencies, and business networks resulting in continual pipeline of talent. Accounting/Sales Administrator (2018 to 2020)
Supervised all accounts for external branch customers, developing strong customer relationships across the region. Work directly with the customer to understand product needs and pricing alignment. Establish relationship with leadership to enable changes to pricing resulting in increased sales. Ericka Brzozowski
Page 2
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (CONTINUED)
Attained 5% profit gain by closing gaps with the invoicing process and communication with the customer.
Enhanced professionalism of branch by providing exceptional customer experience and closing gaps with pricing and delivery of product.
Maxcare Hardwood Flooring – Milwaukee, MI 2017 to 2018 Branch Office Manager
Supervised a team of 14 employee’s daily activities to obtain optimum efficiency and economy. Developed individuals for future advancement within the organization.
Implemented an inventory system to forecast customer needs, skill needs, and reduce lead time to customer.
Completed and implemented training materials for employees and an onboarding process for new employees leading to consistency and better employee experience.
Warehouse Lighting COM. – Milwaukee, MI 2011 to 2017 Customer Service
Maintained company website and managed all updates working directly with the engineers incorporating a chat function to enable real time response to our customers. Promoted and sold products directly to customers from individual to large bulk orders.
Provided product and customer education to new employees from establishing a relationship to understanding the needs of the customer through key questions.
Other Roles: Office Manager, Trade Design, INC. (2003 to 2009) & Accounting Adm, Universal Metrics INC. (2009 to 2022) PROFESSIONAL TRAINING & SKILLS
Manager Development Program – 20-week program
Safety Training Program – 20-week program
Organizational Best Practices – 20-week program
Inventory Management– 20-week program
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) UltiPro
SX
Contact this candidate