Licenses & Certifications
Utah Real Estate License

Operations Manager/Loan Officer
Holliday Financial

Escrow Officer
Title West

Business Owner
1st Concrete Pumping LLC and
1st Choice Pressure Washing LLC

Salt Lake Community College

Expertise

Customer Service
Conflict Resolution
Project Management
Quality Assurance
Development of Client Base
Marketing Material Development
Communication
Goal Setting
Staff Supervision
Multi-tasking
Training/Mentoring
Leadership
Marketing
Troubleshooting
Business Owner
Policy Development
Implementation
Budget Accountability
Business to Business Relations

Objective:
To leverage my extensive background to contribute to the success and growth of a dynamic organization.
I aim to apply my skills to drive innovative solutions and deliver exceptional results. I am eager to collaborate with a team of professionals who share my commitment to excellence and continuous improvement, and to take on challenging projects that will further develop my expertise and advance my career.
Ultimately my goal is to make a meaningful impact within the organization and help it achieve its strategic objectives.
Professional Highlights

2008-Current - Team Manager /Senior Broker Specialist (Executive Assistant) Cushman & Wakefield: Streamline daily operations for Vice Chairman Kip Paul, Director Michael King, and Director JT Redd. Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with prospective brokers, clients, title companies, and lenders. Drive project management initiatives, including creating marketing materials, abstracting lease agreements, conducting research, performing due diligence, and coordinating with clients and third-party companies for property reports and transaction closures. Oversee team expenses and ensure accurate quarterly reconciliation. Manage and update the team's client network and database, safeguarding highly confidential information. Execute light bookkeeping, data collection, and organization tasks for CPA reporting and property management duties, including but not limited to vendor coordination, accounts payable and receivable.

2000-2008 - Operations Manager – Licensed Loan Officer of Holliday Financial: Oversee the daily operations of the office, ensuring seamless and efficient workflows. Continuously facilitate and strengthen client relations between investors, agents, title companies and other agencies in a fast-paced environment. Supervise departments, resolve conflicts, and train staff to uphold operational excellence. Implement and manage all operating activities with precision. Enhance quality assurance and customer relations through proactive measures. Demonstrate proven leadership qualities, with a strong focus on maintaining and growing the client base and investor relationships.

1995-2000 - Licensed Escrow Officer - Title West: Specialize in residential loan closings, driving business development and marketing efforts. Lead and manage an escrow team to ensure smooth and efficient operations. Oversee quality assurance and maintain excellent customer relations. Develop and execute comprehensive business and marketing strategies to establish a strong referral-based clientele.

1992-1995 Backman Stewart Title
Escrow Assistant / Jr. Escrow Officer

1989-1992 Guardian Title Company
Escrow Assistant/ Disbursement Clerk

Accomplishments

Oversee and manage daily inter-office operations.
Processed and closed over 2,500 loan files.
Ensure quality assurance in client relations, product quality, and professional service efficiency.
Lead an escrow team, establishing a client base resulting in approximately 100 residential transactions closed monthly.
Interview, hire, and manage disciplinary actions for the escrow team, mortgage team, and concrete pumping company.
Develop customer service standards and procedures.
Create and implement marketing and service quality materials for both escrow operations and personal business ventures.
Manage product inventory, ordering, vendor relations, payroll, and merchandising.
Oversee budget and operating expenses.
Develop and implement operations and procedures for small businesses.
Interpret data from customer satisfaction surveys to inform decisions.

References available upon request
Contact this candidate