Kira Tucker
Groves, TX
ad8dyp@r.postjobfree.com • 703-***-****

Qualifications Profile
Highly motivated professional with a distinguished career in the United States Coast Guard (USCG) and extensive experience in environmental health, workplace safety (OSHA), emergency management, compliance, and training. Possess proven skill set well suited for operations, corrections, emergency management, hazard mitigation, contingency planning, and ICS positions.
Areas of expertise include safety/risk assessment, customer service, conflict resolution, quality assurance, inventory management, logistics, and project management.
Strong work ethic and fearless in the face of challenges, fast learner with strong analytical skills capable of thriving in demanding environments.
Exceptional interpersonal, communication, and creative problem-solving skills, trustworthy manager with strong team-building and training, commended by supervisors and peers for achieving high-quality outcomes consistently.
Professional Experience

Boarding Agent, Norton Lilly International, Beaumont, TX July 2022 – Current
Responsible for the coordination of all agencies, husbandry, and administrative functions associated with individual vessel calls assigned to the Port Office
Respond to all principal/customer inquiries in line with Corporate Operations Manual Policies or Principal Governing Working Instructions
Established and maintain the marine vessel file ensuring documentation is prepared in an accurate and timely fashion
Prepare/execute required governmental and agency documents for appropriate approvals and submission to marine vessel files
Communicate daily with principals/customers, marine vessel’s Master, Port Authority, Terminals, and appropriate government authorities
Procure outside services at the direction of the Port / Operations Manager for assigned marine vessels
Perform other related duties at the discretion of Port Operations Manager or other member of management team

Marine Science Technician First Class, USCG, Texas Maryland, August 2001 – September 2021
Held direct oversight of USCG pollution funding through NPFC, successfully fielded dozens of response and mitigation calls, safeguarded multiple assets and personnel during response and mitigation activities.
Facility Inspector
Audit and assess oil and petrochemical facilities, ensure operational compliance as per federal safety and environmental laws and Maritime Transportation Security Act, MTSA. Interpret regulations and drive compliance with health, safety, and environmental regulations.
Reviewed and approved facility response plans, dock operations manuals, and facility security plans for regulatory compliance.
Demonstrated expert knowledge of pipeline and terminal operations as per manuals.
Pollution Investigator
Supervise three direct reports, conduct annual personnel evaluations. Respond to oil and chemical spills in Texas and surrounding areas, determine responsible parties, assess fines, and monitor cleanup and remediation. Collaborate with Texas State and local authorities to investigations, response, and mitigation of pollution activities.
Create and deliver effective training programs focused on pollution prevention and response, also spearheaded professional development of junior members.
Emergency Response Subject Matter Expert
Developed scenarios for Government Initiated Unannounced Emergency Response Exercise program to confirm compliance with Facility Response Plans and the Code of Federal Regulations. Revised and updated emergency contingency and operational plans according to Coast Guard and federal policies.
Trained personnel on refinery, chemical facility, container, and freight ship inspections according to Code of Federal Regulations, International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code, Safety of Life at Sea, and other federal and international codes and laws, also trained personnel in Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response (HAZWOPER).
Led training on Incident Management Software System (IMSS) for members of Incident Command System positions such as Situation Unit Leader, Resource Unit leader, Incident Commander, and other staff positions.

Zachry Industrial, Nederland, TX
Safety Facilitator, April-August 2019
Supervised work crews to ensure workplace safety, audited worksites for regulatory compliance with OSHA and other regulations to reduce work-related injuries, enforced standards. Evaluated workplace practices to verify compliance and reasonable approaches to jobsite safety.
Implemented employee health and safety policies/procedures for 160+ workforce.
Reduced workplace injuries to zero due to enforcement of policies, internal audits, and compliance.

Oil Mop Industrial Environmental Industries, Port Arthur, TX
Supervisor, September 2019 -October 2020
Oversaw work crews during environmental crisis and mitigation response. Operated forklift within warehouse. Guided compliance with federal, state, and local regulations, policies/procedures.
Exceeded customer expectations during crisis response and when delivering materials and supplies.
Education

High School Diploma, Henderson, NV
USCG Training
Federal On-Scene Coordinator, Airman Leadership School, Assistant Safety Officer, Marine Science Technician Class “A” School, ICS DIV/GRP Supervisor, ICS General Staff
Awards
Armed Forces Service Medal, USCG Achievement Medal X 2, USCG Good Conduct Medal X 6, Global War on Terror Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal, National Defense Service Medal, USCG Letter of Commendation X 3, USCG Meritorious Team Commendation Ribbon X 7, USCG Meritorious Unit Commendation Ribbon, USCG Presidential Unit Citation, DOT 9-11 Ribbon

References
Provided on request
Contact this candidate