Elldon Rendon
262-***-**** ad8dxu@r.postjobfree.com Muskego, WI 53150
SUMMARY
Focused Operations Manager bringing 25 years of experience in day-to-day business operations management. Adept at liaising with key clients, accounts and external business stakeholders to build rapport and drive retention. Ready to apply demonstrated ability to streamline processes to increase efficiency and reduce costs. Focused on promoting safety and productivity across multiple business lines.
SKILLS
Staff training and development
Systems implementation
Process improvement strategies
Financial and cash flow analyses
Contract review and recommendations
Performance reporting
Incidents management
Policies and procedures implementation
Staff retention
Continuous improvements
Troubleshooting and problem solving
Multi-site operations
Dedicated
EXPERIENCE
Warehouse Operations Manager, Nassco Inc., November 2021-July 2024 New Berlin, WI
Developed and implemented cost reduction strategies to ensure efficiency and profitability. Organized special projects related to inventory control or reorganization of storage areas when needed.
Organized warehouse design to maximize space for stock while allowing for high volume traffic zones.
Increased productivity through cross-training and thorough training of both current employees and new hires.
Facilitated team meetings to communicate goals, updates, and solicit feedback for continuous improvement.
Supervised activities of workers engaged in receiving, storing and shipping products or materials.
Operations Manager, Veritiv Operating Co, Unisource Worldwide, May 1999-July 2021 New Berlin, WI
Oversaw audit preparations and inspections, emphasizing promptness and attention to detail. Executed root cause analysis within the guidelines of Five-way diagram procedures. Ensured effective management of profit and loss by implementing cash control procedures, maintaining inventory levels, overseeing labor operations, and analyzing financial reports. Delivered positive customer experiences through the implementation of effective quality assurance practices.
Collaborated on developing corporate objectives and strategies, working with cross- functional teams to improve quality metrics and key performance indicators (KPI). Responsible for pre-inspections, site supervision, site measurements, task scheduling and equipment management.
Trained, mentored and supported high-performing team, conducting regular performance reviews and offering coaching to address areas of improvement. Owner, City Express, January 1997-May 1999
Milwaukee, WI
Owner operator of Trucking business acquiring new business, running day to day operations for 8 trucks with 100K annual sales.
Controller, Asa Freight Systems, September 1988-November 1996 Greenfield, WI
Oversaw financial reporting, accounts payable and receivable, management of cash flow of
$1M per month.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
BBA
Finance, UW Milwaukee, Bachelors In Progress
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Created critical KPIs to track and improve on-time delivery, customer issues and safety statistics.
Recognized as Chairman of the Year Award 2017 & 2019 for outstanding performance and team contributions.
Awarded the Operational Excellence 2020
Contact this candidate