dv
C O N T A C T
+263-***-***-***
ad8edn@r.postjobfree.com
Date of Birth: 26/11/2024
* ******
Dorowa Minerals
Nyazura. Zimbabwe
E D U C A T I O N
B. Com Logistics and Transport
Management (2:1 Degree)
Great Zimbabwe University
Higher Diploma in Purchasing and
Supply Management
Institute of Administration and
Commerce (2010)
Diploma in Customs Legislation
and Procedures
Class 4 Drivers Licence
Current Studies
CIPS (Level 4)
Masters of Business Administration
(Great Zimbabwe University)
S K I L L S
Supply Chain Systems and Procedures
Leadership / Team Motivation
High Value Supply Negotiations
EVANS BONDE
S u p p l y C h a i n M a n a g e m e n t P r o f e s s i o n a l P R O F I L E
An experienced, resourceful and agile procurement and logistics professional with over 14years of broad and deep experience in the private hospitality, mining and public energy sectors. Though thoroughly competent individually, I am heavily invested in the Teamwork ethos as the best lever for corporate performance. I also possess excellent technical competencies in the formulation, implementation and evaluation of stores and purchasing systems and procedures. I remain focused and driven towards setting, meeting, and exceeding organisational targets through the delivery of transparent, innovate, flexible and functional supply chain services.
P R O F E S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E
PROCUREMENT OFFICER
Dorowa Minerals, Zimbabwe January 2023 – Date
o Enforces adherence and compliance with the Public Procurement and Disposal of Public Assets Act(Chap 22:23) and the General Regulations (S.I 5 of 2018). o Ensures that the implementation of procurement strategies and processes are in place for each procurement category.
o Prepares procurement contracts of the Organization. o Participates in the development and review of company procurement policies and procedures.
o Ensures that procurement activities are carried out in order to ensure that value for money is achieved, including terms and conditions, supplier selection or debarment, evaluation and rationalization of supply chain solutions including inventory management.
o Analyses and compares financial reports and pricing proposals to arrive at relevant negotiation strategies to attain organisational valueformoney. o Produces Dorowa Minerals procurementandIndividualplansin accordance withthe PublicProcurement and DisposalofPublic Assets Act. o Enforcesaprocurementplanlinking withotherpoliciesandproceduresto for the effective execution ofprocurementactivities in the organization. o Manageseffective complianceprograms.
o Participates in the initiation and development of creative and innovative procurement processes.
o Undertakes Supplier Management including appraisals, evaluations and vendor rating monthly, quarterly and annually.
o Resolves supply chain disputes and conflicts.
o Manages and reviews documents for the procurement of all supplies, equipment and services for the Organisation and ensures compliance with procurement policy and procedures manual as well as applicable state laws. o Makes recommendations on policies and procedures as needed to ensure the success and compliance of all procurement relates activities.
o Builds, applies and maintains a culture of saving on procurements costs. o Coordinates with the Procurement Regulatory Authority of Zimbabwe to ensure regulatory compliance. o Coordinates routinely with other departments to assure effective and timely coordination and teamwork in procuring goods and services.
o Negotiates with external vendors to secure advantageous terms. o Ensures that suppliers deliver material and services in accordance with Standards of price, time, quantity and quality agreed on.
o Produces period procurement reports and statistics. o International procurement
o Fleet and logistics management
BUYER
Dorowa Minerals / Chemplex Corp Dorowa. Zimbabwe May 2021 – 1 January 2023 o Responsible for use of the Navision system.
o Preparing Purchase Orders.
o Raising of Purchase Requisitions.
o Preparation of stock takes and annual audit files. o Preparation of supplier comparative schedules for verification by adjudication committee. o Advertising and administration of tenders in accordance with the Public Procurement and Disposal of Public Assets Act (PPDPAA).
o Contract Negotiations.
o Advising management on procurement and statutory requirements. o Compiling and maintaining a database for suppliers. o Administration of contracts and service level agreements. o Compiling reports and recommendation with regards to the procurement status. o Preparation of procurement plans and budgets.
o Application of rebates for procurement of mining equipment. o International procurrement of mining equipment and reagents. o Liasing with clearing agents and Zimra officials to facilitate seamless flow of imports. ASSISTANT PROCUREMENT AND LOGISTICS MANAGER
Africa Albida Tourism Group Victorai Falls. Zimbabwe Jan 2020 –30 April 2021 o Storage strategy formulation.
o Stock takes.
o Preparation of Audit files.
o Inventory records maintenance.
o Stock and restocking levels planning.
o Defective inventory tracking.
o Efficient administration of the receiving function. o Assist the Procurement Manager in devising procurement and sourcing strategies for local purchases. o Assist the Procurement Manager in the execution of international purchases. o Application of relevant import licenses and permits for international purchases. o Liaising with Zimra and clearing agents with regards to payment of duties and other relevant customs procedures. o Updating Procurement Manager with an acquittal schedule for outstanding import deliveries. o Assist in Spent controls spend using Procurement metrics. o Risk analysis and advisement to the Procurement Manager and Executive Management team. o Evaluating business trends, product pricing and quality parity. o Conduct sourcing in an ethical, transparent and equitable manner. o Ensure clarity of specifications before purchases. o Seek necessary and appropriate approvals for goods and services purchases. o Conduct periodic supplier evaluation.
o Supervision of procurement clerks and stores personnel. o Preparation of job descriptions and performance contracts for subordinates. o Training of stores and procurement clerks in the department. PROCUREMENT OFFICER
ZESA Holdings Harare. Zimbabwe Oct 2018 – Jan 2020 o Responsible for using the SAP system.
o Preparing Purchase Orders.
o Raising of Purchase Requisitions.
o Preparation of stock takes and annual audit files. o Preparation of supplier comparative schedules for verification by adjudication committee. o Administration of tenders in accordance with the Public Procurement and Disposal of Public Assets Act (PPDPAA). o Contract Negotiations.
o Advising management on procurement and statutory requirements. o Compiling and maintaining a database for suppliers. o Administration of contracts and service level agreements. o Compiling reports and recommendation with regards to the procurement status. o Assist in the recruitment of procurement and stores clerks. o Preparation of job descriptions of subordinates within the department. o Acting procurement Administrator for Zesa holdings for 3 months. PROCUREMENT OFFICER
Holiday Inn Mutare. Zimbabwe March 2011 – Oct 2018 o Implement procurement strategy and policies.
o Forecast procurement needs.
o Developing of local suppliers to increase supplier base. o Implementation of backward supply integration.
o Develop and review purchase requests and ensure authorization. o Plan, direct, and coordinate the activities of stores, receiving clerk and related workers. o Negotiate pricing and terms and conditions for services ensure delivery in a timely manner. o Administering an Internal purchasing system and create an efficient procurement process. o Structuring product contracts.
o Controlling departmental budgets.
o International sourcing and daily tracking of imports. o Liaising with ZIMRA and agents on customs legislation. STOCK CONTROLLER
Holiday Inn Mutare. Zimbabwe Feb 2009 – Nov 2009 o Stock taking and spot checking in all stock holding units. o Revenue spot checking.
o Capturing requisitions as costs to all concerned departments using Accpac. o Maintaining all internal control measures.
o Variance analysis and investigations.
o Stock controlling and balancing.
o Preparing food costing and production sheets.
STORES AND RECEIVING CLERK/ACCOUNTS CLERK
Holiday Inn Mutare. Zimbabwe Oct 2008 – Feb 2009 o Receiving and issuing goods to various departments using an authorised requisition book. o Raising Goods Received Notes.
o Processing Receiving Reports.
o Checking stock levels and liaising with the Purchasing Officer on reorder levels. o Maintaining the general upkeep of the stores room among other duties. o Identifying slow moving items.
o Creditors reconciliations.
o Payment of suppliers.
o Cash book reconciliations.
PROFESSIONAL AND CHARACTER REFERENCES
V Makaya
General Manager
Dorowa Minerals
1 Dorowa, Dorowa Minerals
Cell: +263***-***-***
ad8edn@r.postjobfree.com,
C Chinwada
General Manager
Holiday Inn Harare
Box 27, Mutare
Cell: +263***-***-***
ad8edn@r.postjobfree.com
D Masiiwa
Senior Accountant
Zesa Holdings
End of Ganges Road Belvedere
+263***-***-***
ad8edn@r.postjobfree.com
A Musonza
Head of Marketing
Africa Albida Tourism
Box 29 Victoria Falls
+263***-***-***
ad8edn@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate