QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY
Human Resource (HR) Business Partner for Talent Management
An experienced HR executive specialized in managing global talent and resources, including specialization in legal and on-boarding processes for a global delivery organization. A specialist in core HR processes, such as service center operations, inter-departmental harmony, employee relations and retention, performance appraisals, mentoring and skill building, career planning, compensation practices, vendor management, diversity management, and Government regulations. A Change Manager to analyze and implement new organizational structures, develop strategic direction, and identify value added processes during operation transformations for a global delivery organization.

Select Highlights:
HR Business Partner managing more than 400 resources from global locations with compensation and HR Operations
HR and operations manager for Professional Services division having more than 3000 resources from global locations spanning three continents.
HR and operations manager for a non-profit to operate and serve the administration.
Skill Summary:
Global – Off Shore and On Shore Talent Management Strategic Thinking Stakeholder Management Business Process Re-engineering Strategic Business Partner Growth Management Organization Change Management Organizational Development SRM Management Employee Relations On-boarding and Off-boarding Attrition Control/Management Executive Conflict Resolution Organizational Restructuring Regulatory Compliance Employee Arbitrations Employee Metrics Immigration Law HRIS Management Employee Performance Management Compensation and Benefits Employee Information Management Word Excel PowerPoint Visio Axure Bull Horn.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Mastech Digital Technologies Inc. September 12, 2022 – July 14, 2023
Lead HR Analyst – Hybrid
Providing the resolutions for the escalations to 3 different divisions under FSIT business unit.
Closely working with the Client associates on:
Helping corporate HR with policy formulation.
Employee relations.
Employee conversions, and Visa and Immigration tracking.
Visa stamping letter follow up with the Client associates and Vacation tracking.
Performance issues and resolution.
Tracking of mandatory training for the client.
Salary review proposals and Bill Rate increases.
Client Laptop tracking.
Implementing functional changes to the HRMS-Bullhorn.
• Oversee end to end HR Operational responsibilities as mentioned above.
• Overall vendor management support with current and new vendors.
Helping to evolve and manage HR metrics.
Manage internal communication and change management projects.
Coordinating employee training and development initiatives.
In-charge of Bullhorn database updates and reports.
Ness Digital Engineering May 3, 2022 – August 31, 2022
Program Associate – Contract - Remote
Responsible for client strategy inclusive of client relationships, service delivery and growth of the MSP accounts tied to specific growth targets. It was a SPOC for the account and collaborated, coached, and provided strategic direction to the management regarding attrition control.
Experienced in managing staffing accounts in MSP model.
Built managers, employees, and contractor relationships.
Responsible for client, consultant, and team satisfaction.
Responsible to ensure that Total Talent solution is in sync with client expectations.
Responsible for establishing statistics and other appropriate metrics.
Possess strong business and functional acumen in understanding job specifications.
Responsible for employees’ performance management.
Responsible for employee onboarding, development, and training.
Responsible for employee communication.
Managed employee compensation, benefits including time and expenses.
Managed employee services and counseling.
Compunnel Software Group Inc., (Remote) November 2020 – June 2021
HR Generalist & Consultant-Immigration Services

On-boarding and off-boarding of employees.
Explanation of benefits.
Revision of employees’ compensation.
Responding to day-to-day concerns of employees.
Helping employees with questions and concerns regarding H1b, H4-EAD visa and Green Card filings.
Developing efficient processes to help the management in managing immigration functions efficiently and effectively.
Using tools such as StafflinePro, StafflineATS, MS Teams, and Immigration Consulting.
Personal Sabbatical December 2018-October 2020
Completed Workday-HCM course and gained working knowledge of core concepts such as Supervisory Organizations, Staffing Models, Hiring, Business Process Integration, Compensation, Security, Workday transactions and Integration, Report Writer, Calculated fields, EIB Integration, and core connections.
Completed Business Analysis Course: Creating functional requirements, JIRA, UML-3, EPIC/Storyboarding, SCRUM, SQL, and JAD.
Sri Venkateswara Temple, Pittsburgh, PA July 2016-November 2018
Operations Manager

In charge of all aspects of operations of the most visited and Dynamic Temple in US.
Held the challenge of meeting the needs of dynamic priorities of the Temple.
Change management: Implemented training activities for the existing employees.
Developed processes for the different operations, such as Kiosks throughout the Temple for the convenience of devotees.
Worked with Excel and Pivot tables for monthly and annual financial reports for the Board.
Supervised the temple services, office administration, vendor management, custodial staff, maintenance, book-keeping, expenditure and revenue etc.
Supervised and managed ADP payroll for Temple employees by entering the payroll information into ADP database and consulting with ADP personnel as and when required.
Managed employees’ vacation tracking, health, life insurance and 403B contributions as well.
Reported to Secretary of the Board acting as bridge between Executive Committee and the Board.
CEI (Computer Enterprises Inc.), Pittsburgh, PA March 2006-December 2014
Strategic HR Business Partner/Consultant Services Manager

Managed and developed the employee on/off-boarding processes to support the divisional IT delivery teams.
Assessed and designed inter-department communication and collaboration processes for employee effectiveness to share and participate in HR projects.
Assessed and designed target operating model for organizational transformation, spanning structure, process, and personnel.
Participated and presented HR plans during annual planning meetings to executives and board members.
Defined and measured Key Performance Indicators for employee retention and satisfactio.
Coordinated communication and process efficiencies among Management teams, Employees and Contracting Services to assemble teams for priority and critical HR projects in alignment with corporation’s objectives.
Leveraged legal knowledge and experience to oversee global resources in relation to US employment law and procedures, including work permits (H1b, F1, L1 and B1 visas), and permanent residency (GC) application processes.
Hands-on with SalesLogix database application system to understand demand and resource supply management for projects.
Managed issues and risks for IT teams associated with attrition and succession planning, including workforce development and change management processes.

Sri Venkateswara Temple, Pittsburgh, PA September 2004 – February 2006
Operations Manager

OPERATIONS MANAGER
Administrated and ran the temple operations, including facility management, staff, visitors, sponsors, stakeholders, and special dignitaries.
Established POS system, Outsourced Book-keeping, and money dispatching to the Bank.
Managed a staffing team of 4 Divisions, 3 Supervisors, 20 Office staff, and thousands of visitors to the temple.

Mastech/iGate Corporation, Pittsburgh, PA October 1989-January 2002
iGate is one of the leading global IT and business processing outsourcing companies with more than 3,000 employees and now known as Mastech Digital.

Senior Human resources manager
Managed North American HR functions supporting over 2000 employees.
Managed and mentored over 350 per year software professionals globally on average, mentored 7 HR managers, guided several recruiters, and supervised 4 direct reports in the areas of orientations, relocations, compensation management and benefits administration.
Analyzed business functions to create strategic plans that established cost-effective human capital infrastructures.
Experienced in human capital forecasting, administration, compensation and benefits, employee relations, conflict management, regulatory compliance, HRIS management and fostering corporate culture that positioned iGate as one of the leaders in IT staffing industry.
Conceptualized and developed ‘Service Center’ implementation.
Supervised, and mentored, a global team of HR professionals in technical and managerial (dual) career tracks.
Experienced in diversity management dealing with cultural and language issues to meet corporate expectations.
Designed the US cultural mapping programs to train project managers, engagement managers, and practice managers.
Introduced and directed numerous HRIS programs using PeopleSoft such as performance management, compensation administration, expense reimbursement, skills repository tracking, and employee rewards.
Served as member and consultant in committees such as Business Process Reengineering (BPR), Employee satisfaction taskforce, and Employee Attrition Control.
Developed ‘Flight Risk Management Tool’ to control attrition.
Participated, developed, and implemented successful strategic plans and marketing programs.
Organized and managed the task forces periodically to improve employee satisfaction.
Directed the PeopleSoft HRMS (Human Resources Management Systems) implementation team in the areas of data mapping, customization, and enhancements.
Supervised several INS (Immigration and Naturalization Service) and Department of Labor audits successfully and conversant with work permits and immigration law.
Administered employees’ compensation packages, performance reviews (25-30/month), relocations (10-15/month) and reward programs.
Experienced in organizational conflict, crisis and diversity management.
Formalized and enhanced about 8-10 human resources methodologies, policies and procedures such as employee on-boarding programs, orientations, salary and cola implementations, retention strategies, Flight Risk Management, productivity improvement, skills repository, employee rewards, service center concept, technical training, career path strategies etc to ensure near flawless operations.
Trained in Six Hats methodology.
Recipient of ‘Employee of the Month’, ‘Employee of the Quarter’ and ‘Employee of the Year’ along with other recognition.

EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS

Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA: Master of Public Management (distinction), H. John Heinz III School of Management. Concentration: Business Planning, Strategic and Financial Management.
Workday-HCM Training (12/25/20)
Business Analysis Certification (4/30/19)
Certified Human Resources Professional with PHR (10/31/2025)
Completed AI Introduction Course
Member - Society for Human Resources Management (SHRM)
Contact this candidate