Eugene L. Frazier

Program Manager / IT Engineering Manager / Information Systems Manager / Operations Manager / Business Systems Analyst / Compliance Program Manager

SUMMARY

Accomplished in development and executing strategic and tactical business solutions. Creative in developing solutions and align task deliverables with business operation process requirements.
Skilled in coordinating project tasks in all phases of packaged or customized software and hardware product development lifecycles. Resourceful and experienced in managing high profile projects that have exceeded two years in length and 20 million budget.
Proficient at executing and implementing programs and products that balance quality to cost and product scheduled deliverables.
Excellence in developing strategic roadmaps and alter communication for audience stakeholder’s benefit.
Skilled and experienced at working with national and international project teams, including customers or business partners in Europe, Israel and Asia.
Professional astuteness includes:
oEfficient in all categories of MIS responsibilities and member of PMI Portland Chapter
oProficient in gathering, documenting, modeling business case requirements and process workflow
oProficient in managing PLC (project life cycle), Agile, Waterfall, Rapid and SDL Methodology
oProficient at managing long/short term project details
oEffective skills in the art of influence and negotiation
oAttentive at establishing and maintaining vendor, client and business relationships
oEffective interpersonal communication skills
oSkilled at developing SOW (statement of work) for internal & contract resource
oExperienced at developing RFP’s (request for proposal) for evaluation through procurement
oSkilled at managing multiplatform environments, simultaneous projects and matrix organization/environments

EXPERIENCE

Iberdrola Corporation Portland, OR 10/2012-12/2013
Sr. SAP Business System Analyst
Accomplishment: SAP SRM implementation, deployment
Primarily responsible for identifying and resolving issues relating to AP, AR, PO and GL. Responsible for managing administrative team who investigates issues with suppliers and determines root cause and corrective action throughout the procure-to-pay cycle. Required to liaison with Corporate IT team on the team’s behalf to ensure timely resolution of issues. Provided leadership/management of experience in managing SAP SRM and AP/AR/PO/GL functional users. Responsible for developing and training of user manuals, training guides and operation workflows.

Mexico Expat Assignment Guadalajara, MX 05/2011-10/2012
Expat assignment with wife

Intel Corporation Hillsboro, OR 01/2010 – 02/2011
Sr. Business Systems Analyst
Accomplishment: SAP R3 MM Archive Compliance EOL Solution, Archive Environment Path to Production Infrastructure
Responsibilities: Perform analysis of as-is SAP R3 MM (material management) of 24 Business Objects archiving capability and configuration. Identify and ratify Legal, Tax, and Business Information Archiving compliance requirements. Develop Fit\Gap assessment of capabilities vs. compliance requirements. Developed and implement required archiving objects to meet business requirements, and enable long term retention post EOL (end of life). Documented technical server diagram solutions for infrastructure and build document instructions. Defined and developed business requirements, fit/gap analysis, functional specifications, traceability matrix, test cases (unit, integration, functional & user acceptance), implementation and closure plans using Agile Methodology.

Symantec Corporation Beaverton, OR 04/2008 – 10/2008
Sr. Business Analyst
Responsibilities: Define and manage the business requirements roadmap for Symantec’s business customer portal. Define quantity business benefits/ROI to support the roadmap. Develop relationships with internal business stakeholders, develop plans to accelerate adoption and increase leverage opportunities. Gather and document business requirements for portal/web application projects which are transactional in nature. Document business process, implemented Corporate Compliance Controls and Internal Service Level Controls. Developed work flows, detailed functional specifications and use cases for complex web solutions. Work with the user experience/visual design team to develop schematics, page flows and design comps. Work with IT analysts and developers to translate the requirements and functional specifications into successful technology solutions using Agile Methodology. Plan and manage user acceptance testing.

STEEZ LLC Los Ángeles, CA 08/2007 – 03/2008
Program/Project Operation Manager
Responsible for developing Business Requirements for e-Commerce capability. From e-Store Front through product logistics, tracking of product inventory to customer care and accounting/reporting functions. Develop and evaluation RFP of Vendor Software solutions. Developed business process, workflow diagrams, and wireframes page layouts.

Intel Corporation Hillsboro, OR 06/2005-12/2006
SMG/RCO Privacy & Compliance Program Manager
Accomplishment: Improved privacy awareness & training activities by 50%, provided internal consulting on use PII (personally identifiable information) and developed process for EU notification and performed compliance auditing of business marketing funds.

oPrivacy Principles
oFunding Compliance
oData Regulatory Activities
oSOX Compliance

Responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements of above related regulatory and professional standards. Direct and/or participate in such activities as coordinating, planning and performing the required documentation of audits, processes, controls evaluation, and controls testing. Identify and evaluate deficiencies and assist management and staff in development of corrective action plans. Monitor corrective action plans and related reporting at the WWRCO organization level. Assist with Corporative Compliance Management, Internal Controls in the education of managers and the development of an effective internal control environment. These automated control over site covered business systems for Reseller Channel Organization revenue, retail, marketing and sales.

Sabbatical, Travel, Volunteer & Art 12/2002 – 06/2005

Intel Corporation Hillsboro, OR 12/2001–12/2002
BC/DR Program Manager
Accomplishment: Defined and deployed Finance Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Program
Responsibilities & Requirements: Management of Disaster Recovery objectives for Finance Enterprise Systems with primary responsibilities for research, assessment, recommendation, developing business requirements, use cases, project plans, defining project phases, forecasting, aligning, assigning and monitoring project task and activities of a matrix cross organizational team of 24. Ensuring finance continuity business requirements are addressed and prioritized to meet or exceed critical business function expectations. Using Agile and SDL Methodology. Providing informative status updates and periodical report outs to Management Review Committees that enables decision-making. Perform analysis and building compliance of SAP Book, Build, Ship & Close (FICO) environment modules cross functional information conformed to financial business external reporting requirements (Capability to Report to the Street). Documented Finance Corporative Compliance Management and Internal Controls. Designed and managed IT/DR SDR (synchronize data replication) solutions for the project. Design included an additional Mainframe, 36 Data and Application Servers and obtained additional SW licensing for complex enterprise business.

Intel Online Services Hillsboro, OR 03/2000–12/2001
Program & Engineering Manager
Accomplishment: Improved Worldwide WEB Invoicing accuracy from 48 % to 100 % and service level excellence of 24/7 operations.
Responsibilities & Requirements: Production Support Management of Intel Online Services Financial Systems with primary responsibility for Invoicing/Billing and business intelligence integration with Intel Corporate General Ledger, Entity Level Management, Tax and other financial systems. Implemented Finance Corporative Compliance Management and Internal Controls. Managed the entire PLC (Program Life Cycle). Managed System Program Team of 32 members that includes 10 business partners, 13 software development engineers, 3 Database Architects/Administrators, 4 Quality Support Specialist and 2 Business System Analyst. Using Agile and SDL Methodology. Managed a quarterly budget of 1.8 million that include headcount allocation and Software/Hardware vendor support. Required ability to design solutions, present alternatives, reach consensus with business partners, control program scope creep, understand and dive into technical detail. Program required the success of 12 distinct implementations delivering complex automation technical and business solutions over an aggressive timeframe. Program required both custom development and package integration solutions in a client/server, web and mainframe environment.

Intel Corporation Hillsboro, OR 10/1994–03/2000
Finance Information Systems Worldwide Close Manager
Accomplishment: Improved and maintained business intelligence information process delivery for Financial Close.
Responsibilities & Requirements: Production Support Management of Intel’s General Ledger, Corporate Entity Level Management, maintained and monitored Finance Corporative Compliance Management and Internal Controls. Responsible for associated support applications, the Fixed Assets System and the Budget & Planning systems. Customer base exceeds 1800 users worldwide. Manage an organization and budget responsibility of 28 staff members that includes 3 Managers, 2 Information Analyst, 10 Programmer Analyst, 2 Database Administrators and 11 System Support Specialist. Primary charter of organization is to develop business workflow and system solutions and provide 24X7 deliverables of these Business Information Systems to Intel Corporation Finance and Accounting community. Ability to selectively alter communication to benefit audience and lead a diverse skill set of IS/IT people resource. Develop solutions within budget constraints while meeting or exceeding business strategy and requirements.

Department of Environmental Quality Portland, OR 12/1987–10/1994
SR Programmer Analyst
Accomplishment: Developed and maintained Budget & Planning System.
Responsibilities: Define Develop and Deploy Production Support Systems for Finance Systems. Data modeling and database administration of new or existing systems development. Estimate feasibility and cost/benefit/risk associated with production and support of systems. Manage Projects Life Cycle, build business requirements, use cases, analyze, document, design, construct code and direct the implementation of new and/or enhanced systems. Author & provide training/material in the operation of new business or data processing systems and software packages.

SKILLS

Program & project management, PMBOK, business requirement/use case analysis/ gathering, organizational, analytical, technical, communication oral/written, facilitation and JAD & ERD methodology.
Robust knowledge of Finance & Accounting principles, accounts payable, accounts receivable, general ledger, posting and cost accounting. Privacy principles, SOX Compliance, EU Data Regulatory compliance and Business Operations.
MS Professional Suite, SharePoint, MS Project, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, SQL Tools, Publisher, Front Page, Macromedia DreamWeaver, Visio, Outlook and Adobe Illustrator v9, HTML, XML, Apache, SAP Business Objects.

EDUCATION

Computer Career Institute
Diploma, 3.5GPA, 8/1987
Major: Application Development/Information System Management
Contact this candidate