GILBERT EMMANUEL IHESIE
PHONE: 080********, E-mail: ad8gur@r.postjobfree.com
**, * ***** ***/*** Estate, Fin Niger, Opposite, St. Barth’s Satellite Town, Lagos, Nigeria OBJECTIVE
An experienced and highly skilled operations officer, with proven experience and track record of result in effectively contributing to company’s objectives. A good team player with a proactive approach to work and highly motivated to perform well effectively.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Melaa Int’l Investment Limited 2019 – till date
Marketing Manager (Operations)
Driving sales and ensuring proper management of marketing alignment initiatives
Provides ad-hoc analyses and insights on all on-going marketing activities
Provides analysis reports for marketing investments, actively monitoring, analyzing and reporting on the status of marketing initiatives
Develop and implement purchasing and contract management instructions, policies and procedures.
Prepares and presents key marketing KPI insights and data on relevant marketing operations to the senior marketing operations management and executive marketing personnel.
Drives the marketing operations strategies for marketing staff. Yiwu Baolian Import and Export Company Limited 2017 – 2019 Marketer (Supervisor)
Ensured prompt supplies of goods to customers
Planning and implementing promotional campaigns
Overall responsibility for brand management and corporate identity
Monitor and report on effectiveness of marketing communications
Analyzing potential strategic partner relationships for company marketing
Managing all marketing for the company and activities within the marketing department
Co-coordinating marketing campaigns with sales activities.
Overseeing the company’s marketing budget
Responsible for the prompt payment from customers.
Ensured all commissions and incentives are paid promptly. Juneng Nigeria Limited 2015 – 2017
Marketing/Purchasing Manager
Maintain record of goods ordered and received
Locate vendors of materials, equipment or supplies, and interview them in order to determine product availability and terms of sales.
Prepare and process requisitions and purchase order for supplies and equipment. Review purchase order claims and contracts for conformance to company policy.
Analyze market and delivery systems in order to assess present and future material availability.
Develop and implement purchasing and contract management instructions, policies and procedures.
Participate in the development of specifications for equipment, products or substitute materials.
Resolve vendor or contractor grievances, and claims against suppliers.
Represent companies in negotiating contracts and formulating policies with suppliers.
Review, evaluate, and approve specifications for issuing and awarding bids. Chinwin Integrated Service Ltd 2008 – 2015
Manager
Manage the day to day administration for the Senior Manager.
Build and manage relationships with corporate organizations.
Setup an integrated filing system.
Supervision of the Payment Vouchers
Rendering Prompt & Efficient services to Customers DESTINE’EC Concept Limited 2006 – 2008
Manager
Obtain and evaluate all relevant information to handle product and service inquiries.
Process orders, forms, applications and requests
Organize workflow to meet customer timeframes
Provide pricing and delivery information
Order, stock and distribute office supplies for the department
Produce minutes and memos for company’s meeting.
Schedule appointments.
Respond to customer queries, requests on -non-technical issues and escalate to the SM. Joekims Electronics Co. Ltd 2004 – 2005
Store Manager
Logistics Coordination: Planning and coordinating the receipt, storage, and dispatch of goods.
Customer Service: Liaising with customers and other departments to fulfill orders accurately and on time.
Facility maintenance: Maintaining the cleanliness, organization, and safety of the warehouse
Obtain and evaluate all relevant information to handle product and service inquiries
Order, stock and distribute office supplies for the department
Produce minutes and memos for company.
Respond to customer queries, requests on -non-technical issues and escalate to the SM.
Manage the day to -day administration for the Senior Manager EDUCATION
University of Calabar 2006 – 2007
Post-Graduate Diploma in Management (Merit)
Enugu State University of Science and Technology. 1999 – 2003 B. Sc Banking and Finance
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATION
Nigeria Institute of Management (NIM) 2006
Proficiency Certificate in Management
SKILLS
Microsoft Office Suite
Stakeholder Management
Vendor Management
REFERENCE
Chibueze I Nweke
Head of Operations
Fidelity Bank
Tel. 080********
Engr. Darlington A.
Managing Director,
Juneng Nigeria Limited,
Lagos State.
Tel: 080********
Contact this candidate