Education:

Temple University, Philadelphia, PA
BS – Business Administration

Relevant Professional Experience:
PV Transport/Clemens Food Group, Hatfield PA Feb. 2019– Present
Driver Manager
Successfully generated over a million dollars in backhaul revenue in FY2020.
Increased backhaul net profitably to 17% FY2020, 7% improvement from previous FY.
Set multiple company records for weekly revenue and profitability KPI’s.
Strengthened incumbent, and cultivated new business opportunities, expanding PV brokerage clientele.

CLX Logistics, LLC, Blue Bell PA Nov. 2016– Jun. 2018
Operations Lead
Effectively lead and managed a team of Coordinators’ by setting clear agendas and goals.
Conduct financial and driver utilization analysis to review clients’ costs associated with logistics operations and identify savings opportunities.
Served as liaison between stakeholders’ and CLX for client relations and monthly/quarterly reporting.
Oversaw in-house driver technicians to ensure proper DOT safety compliance.
Maintained/maximized utilization of clients’ equipment and shipment orders via Spireon Technology.
Participated in multi-million procurement events by assisting Manager with carrier engagement, negotiations, and contract awarding/execution.

CLX Logistics, LLC, Blue Bell PA Dec. 2015– Oct. 2016
Logistics Coordinator
Responsible for the daily scheduling and execution of logistical movements across North America - truckload and bulk.
Proactively monitored and updated TMS’ shipment activity to ensure timely pickups and deliveries.
Identified continuous improvement initiatives, such as mode shifts, to reduce freight spend and increase customer satisfaction.

A.Duie Pyle, West Chester PA Jul. 2014– Jan. 2015
Driver manager
Oversaw daily operations of 30 independent contractors for Truckload division, including:
oDOT HOS Logs
oOnboarding and training
oPerformance evaluations
Tracked and monitored drivers’ mileage to ensure pay accuracy.
Built multi-stop shipments/routing in TMW software to increase driver efficiency and reduce cost.
Managed drivers’ state tractor compliance.

System Freight Inc, Milford NJ Apr. 2012– Jun. 2014
Driver Dispatch Manager
Plan work assignments and equipment allocations to meet transportation, operations or production goals
Confer with customers, supervisors, contractors, or other personnel to exchange information or to resolve problems
Resolve worker problems or collaborate with employees to assist in problem resolution
Recommend and implement measures to improve worker motivation, equipment performance, work methods, or customer services
Monitor and ensure the proper usage of Electronic On-board Recorder (E.O.B.R.) via PeopleNet software
Coordinate back hauls and/or unscheduled pick-ups to increase revenue

Software Experience and Skill Level:
Kewell TMS
People Net
Microsoft Office (Excel & Access)
ERP Systems (Oracle & SAP)
Spireon Tracking and Fleet Management

Certifications/Professional Development Classes:
DOT Hazardous Material 49 CFR Parts 100-18
APICS Certified Associate in Supply Chain Management (In progress)

Applicable Career Highlights at CLX Logistics
Promoted in less than one year from Managed Services Coordinator to Operations Lead.
Awarded “extra Mile” award from Vice President of North American Operations for Client Services
Contact this candidate