Finalize ResumeNerd Create your resume in minutes!

Getting Started

Generating Your Cover Letter...

Get Started
Contact Info
Work Experience
Education
Skills
Summary

Resume Dashboard
My Account
Log out

We are experiencing some technical issues, please try again after some time.

For best viewing experience, open this document with Microsoft Word on a Windows platform.

Your resume is ready!

Download
Email
Print
Spell check

Resume Dashboard
My Account
Log out

Customize

Templates And ColorsLayout And Spacing
Sections

Add a new section
Contact information
Experience
Education
Skills

BM
Becky Mikolajczyk

Holland, Oh 43528 419-***-**** ad8hat@r.postjobfree.com

Experience

October 2018 - June 2024 Sales Charlies Dodge Maumee, Oh
Maximizing dealership sales by exceeding monthly sales quotas. Establishing long-term relationships with customers by developing a pattern of repeat sales, client loyalty and referrals. Present vehicles, demonstrate vehicle features and provide financial advice in a professional courteous manner in order to close deals. Work alongside financial institutions to develop qualifications of customers and using that to close sales..

October 2014 - October 2018 Sales Greg Bell Chevrolet Cadillac Adrian, Mi
Closed sales with persuasive communication skills, leveraging knowledge of consumers, financing and vehicles to lock in deals.
Achieved targets by marketing vehicles via diverse strategies, including cold calling customers and posting on social media.
Maintained long-term revenue streams with careful management of client relationships, generating repeat business and consistent referrals.
Smoothed sales process by accurately handling paperwork and financing.
Negotiated pricing and terms of sales agreements with customers.
Guided clients through available car models, features, and financing options.

December 1999 - October 2014 Operations Manager Officemax Holland, OH
Entry level Sales Associate, Receiving Coordinator, Over Night Supervisor, Sales Supervisor, and now currently an Operations Manager. Goal driven with a profound work ethic. Willingness to adapt to change and assist in rebuilding/maintaining other locations that have suffered economically without hesitation. Desire to learn new skills and push personal expectations of one’s self

Education

May 2000

Diploma - NA Roy C Start, Toledo, Ohio

Skills

Customer Relationship Management

Test drives

Lead Follow Up

Aftermarket products

Friendly and Enthusiastic

Leasing options

Resume score

600pts
Needs Work
Learn more0

Copyright © 2024 Specter Technologies Limited SEZC. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us Accessibility

Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us
About Us Accessibility
Copyright © 2024 Specter Technologies Limited SEZC. All rights reserved.

Manage Cookie Settings

Select which cookies you’d like to accept. Disabling cookies may negatively impact your experience on the site. For more information visit our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.

Performance & Web Analytics

Performance cookies allow us to gather statistical data on how the website is performing to make improvements. Web Analytics cookies allow us to gather information regarding how you access the Site, for how long you stay and what parts of the Site you have visited. These cookies don’t collect identifiable information from you, which means all the data is collected is anonymous and only used to improve the functionality of a website.

Marketing

Marketing cookies allow us to gather information to display advertisements based on topics that are relevant to you, allowing us to send you tailored offers. They also allow our partners to display relevant advertisements based on your interests.

Functional (Essential Cookies)

Functional cookies are essential for the Site to function properly. These cookies allow websites to remember the user’s site preferences and choices they make on the Site, including username, region, and language. They are anonymous and don’t track browsing activity across other websites. These cookies remember your preferences on our website.
Save Settings

We personalize your experience.
We use cookies in our website to ensure we give you the best experience, get to know our users and deliver better marketing. For this purpose, we may share the information collected with third parties. By clicking Allow Cookies you give us your consent to use all cookies. If you prefer to manage your cookies, click on the Manage Cookies button.
Allow Cookies Manage Cookies
Contact this candidate