Jhimmy De La Barrera
Katy, TX
ad8i6l@r.postjobfree.com
+1-907-***-****
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Operations Manager
Exelon - Everett, WA
September 2022 to December 2022
I started out as a driver, moved up to dispatcher and got promoted again to expand in Anchorage AK as one of two operation managers. There I managed a team of 25 drivers. I was in charge of opening and closing. I was also in charge of all of the hiring and made sure all vehicles were inspected at the end of every shift. 9:10am was our roll in time and we needed to leave the lot by 9:30am. We always left 9-12min before hand. Always made sure my drivers wouldn’t fall behind. If they did I always had someone on back up to run rescue routes. We started to exceed Okami by the 2nd week. We achieved fantastic plus by the 2nd week as well!
Authorized Dealer
Vivint - Moreno Valley, CA
January 2022 to September 2022
• I was in charge of going door to door and providing exceptional customer service as I informed home owners and renters about our products. I offered solar energy and home protection with 24/7 surveillance and total control through an easy to use App. It was my unyielding resolve to make sure I was 100% transparent at all times as well as informative. I persistently educated my customers on the benefits of both home protection and solar energy.
Freight Handler
MHF LOGISTICS LLC - Indianapolis, IN
May 2021 to September 2021
In charge of fulfilling 2000 cases in a 12hr shift using a headset with verbal command interface. I would build products in a 70" max height range. I would make sure the product were secured so nothing would fall off the pallets while transporting. I would take 2 pallets at a time in a 12ft long electric pallet jack and drop off the load at the loading dock where the fork lift drivers take it and loads them in 18 wheelers. Roof Salesman
WeatherShield Solutions - Katy, TX
December 2019 to May 2021
I deliver information related to roofing products and services to potential customer through door to door sales. If the home owner is qualified for a new roof then we file a claim by calling their insurance company by phone. I am also in charge of being present while the field adjusters inspects the roof, a square is drawn 10x10 ft. The field adjusters then sends his report to the desk adjuster. We then wait for the desk adjuster to get back to us for the approval for the new roof. Tugger Operator/ shipping clerk
Gulf States Toyota - Sealy, TX
March 2019 to September 2019
I held 2 positions in this job. From loading Toyota parts into carts and driving them with a tugger to corresponding locations, to being in the dock loading parts into cages and and positioning them inside an 18 wheeler neatly according to dealer arrival. Si would use a POS system to keep track of all items. Lift Operator
Walmart Distribution Center - Sealy, TX
August 2018 to April 2019
I operate 3 different types of stand up lifts. the overhead forklift, overhead clamp, and over head slip. my main responsibilities are using all machines to remove merchandise from 18 wheelers. i then process the freight on a scan gun and set the freight out on the dock for PR drivers to haul it. Meanwhile i am processing i make sure i maintain an organized work space. Tool Room Manager
SGS - Grayling, MI
February 2017 to November 2017
In charge of the distribution of tools to workers, as well as filling order forms for equipment. I was accountable for placing each shipment of tools in large shipping containers. I would bring them down from 18 wheelers with a 12 ton CAT forklift and transport them to designated locations. Bilingual Customer Service Representative
HEB - Houston, TX
February 2015 to November 2016
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Bilingual Customer Service Representative
WALGREENS - Houston, TX
February 2013 to February 2015
Assist customers in a variety of departments, including photo development, grocery, pharmacy, health, and beauty sections. Also operate cash registers, stock shelves, and perform cleaning duties. Education
High school or equivalent in Computer Science
Mayde Creek Highschool - Houston, TX
Skills
• Shift Lead
• Warehouse
• Inventory Control
• Forklift Operator
• Microsoft Word
• Freight Experience
• Shipping & Receiving
• Time management
• Agile
• Door-to-Door Experience
Certifications and Licenses
Driver's License
Certified Forklift Operator
Additional Information
Passionate for meeting goals.
I enjoy leading others into a great work environment. Ability to work great under pressure.
I focus on making every second count.
The ultimate self motivated machine.
Contact this candidate