Janey S. Oommen
***** ***** ****** **
Tomball, TX 77375
346-***-****
ad8izm@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
To obtain a professional career in a renowned organization, allowing an opportunity to utilize my extensive knowledge in patient care and healthcare, as well as develop my skills and experience. Qualifications:
Experience in assisting in operations, under the supervision of surgeons, registered nurses, or other surgical personnel, including setting up operating rooms, preparing and transporting patients, adjusting equipment, holding and passing equipment, and cutting sutures during externship.
Healthcare or human services professional with 7 years of experience in all aspects of the field including scheduling, transportation and training. Proficient at planning and arranging services for people with illness, mental health issues or behavioral issues. Worked as part of the patient's care team to improve that individual's physical and mental well-being. Case Manager and HCS Waiver Program professional who planned, implemented, and coordinated the options and services required to meet a client's health and human services needs. Exceptional capability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously and overseeing 70+ clients and 18 group homes.
Importing and Exporting professional offering six years of experience. Thorough understanding of shipping procedures, documentation, and terminology. Deep familiarity with international trade regulations. Innate ability to maintain strong client relationships. Excellent management skills and proven ability to implement strategies to improve performance, potential and productivity. Exceptional capability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously. Highly regarded for capacity to perform under set deadlines and in high volume settings. Proficient in Microsoft Office Applications & QuickBooks Pro.
Education:
Sanford Brown Institute (2004-2005)
● Surgical Technician
Houston Baptist University (2003-2004)
● Double Major in Biology and Chemistry
Jersey Village High School (1999-2003)
● High School Diploma
Experience:
T.E.A.M. Abilities: Operations Manager/ Case Coordinator Manager (2016-2023)
Monitored client cases, maintaining charts and participating in annual, quarterly or as needed team meetings to enroll, transfer or renew clients in HCS services.
Schedule and ensure regular appointments are kept with all PCP, Psych, dental or other specialists that clients require. Observing and evaluating treatments and responses.
Advocating for needed services and entitlements, obtaining additional resources.
Intervening in crisis, providing personal support and work along with BCBA to assist with behavioral support.
Assessed and evaluated all Care Coordinators were in compliance with all their charts, and monitored the needs of their clients.
Ensure that all clients medications were ordered, reviewed, delivered and being given as prescribed. Review documentation of all medications given by direct care staff.
Management - administering or supervising the operations of the freedom of information and privacy program.
Organizing the various parts of an activity to enable collaboration and efficient communication.
Coordinating with medical institutions and professionals for medications and residential care resources.
Trained new direct care staff with all duties related to individuals special needs such as g-tube feeding, ostomy care, and documentation, among all other activities of daily living.
Gulfway Shipping: Director of Operations/Shipping Manager (2008-2014) o Supervised Shipping and Receiving departments to ensure productivity and progression of the organization.
o Successfully maintained records of all clientele and their shipments throughout each operational stage.
o Effectively utilized QuickBooks Pro for all tasks related to preparing and distributing invoices and statements as well as tracking and collecting requested payments. o Competent at compiling, formatting, and evaluating important documentation, up to but not limited to, Classification of outbound for Ocean Freight, Masters, Bill of Lading Instructions, and Dock Receipts in a timely and efficient manner. o Evaluated, revised, and updated bookings with booking agents, drayage and inland transportation.
o Confirmed all contractual deadlines with Forwarding Agents and Customs were met. o Supervises and assigns drivers and vehicles to convey freight. Plan dispatches to accommodate cost and service goals. Identifies problems and resolutions and acts on them. Dispatches drivers according to customer requests. o Adequately compiled and organized client-specific and requested cargo for shipment. o Directed and overseen all loading and warehousing procedures to ensure safety and productivity while increasing quality control, cost reduction and performance of employees.
o Attended client queries and discrepancies according to company guidelines and with discretion through emails and telephone contact.
o Retained constant communication with clients to ensure customer satisfaction and continued customer loyalty.
Express Pharmacy: Pharmacy Technician (2004-2005)
Promptly and accurately calculated dosages, distributed medications, prepared prescription labels and completed prescriptions for sanction by pharmacists.
Researched and resolved prescription and dosage inconsistencies and insurance issues and potentially detrimental drug interactions.
Efficiently utilized the pharmacy's proprietary computer program to secure patient information, prescription interpretation, drug selection, and insurance billing.
Effectively prioritize and ensure patient wellness and build customer loyalty.
Contact this candidate