Gilbert Moran
**** ******** **, ****** **
Phone: 915-***-****
Email: ad8i76@r.postjobfree.com

QUALIFICATIONS
Knowledge and experience in Plastic Injection Molding and Blow Molding manufacturing.
Experienced in Inventory Management, Automotive manufacturing and Medical Device manufacturing, managing and directing various programs.
Leadership skills, organizational skills, self-starter, detail oriented, performed training and associate development. Scheduling and prioritizing work orders/jobs.
Independent decision making, problem resolution and working knowledge of manufacturing and warehouse areas.

EDUCATION/MILITARY
Technician in Logistics/Inventory Mgt.
United States Air Force - Honorable Discharge
Community College of the Air Force - 30 Semester Hours
American Management Association Certification for Managers 180hrs
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification

Areas of Knowledge
Lean manufacturing tools – 5S, Visual Management, Standard Work/SMED, VSM
Design, Root Cause Analysis (Fishbone) & 5 Why, 7 Step Problem Solving/8D, CAPA
KPI’s – Safety, Quality, Productivity, Delivery, Inventory and Cost
JIT/Kanban QMS - ISO 9000 Internal Auditor, EMS - ISO 14001, Med Device- ISO 13485
Safety Team Member, SMAT/EMAT Audits, Human Error Root Cause Analysis – (HERCA)
MS Office products to include Vizio and Project, Kronos, Oracle Inventory System
Bi-lingual (English/Spanish)

EMPLOYMENT

Sep 22 – Nov 2023 Operations Manager, Novolex – Garland, TX

Provide leadership and training to accomplish the company and plant specific goals and objectives.
Established and monitored overall plant KPI’s for production and quality standards.

Responsible for the overall operations and physical conditions of the location’s facilities and equipment. Oversee the daily operations of the delivery and warehousing functions. Create and sustain a clean, safe working environment in accordance with 5S.

Control operating costs to meet or exceed annual profit targets. Plans operations strategies and goals, establishing each department’s priorities and sequences for the smooth flow of products to customers.
Review team and team member performance on a regular basis by compiling operational reports that measure on-time deliveries, back orders, hours worked, shipments received, etc. to ensure minimum costs, prevent operational delays and to forecast both short and long-term planning needs.
Resolve problems relating to processes, costs, orders, maintenance, inventory control, equipment and systems that affect the division’s ability to meet or exceed customer needs.
Direct the implementation of safe operating practices in compliance with Company and regulatory policies (forklift operations, OSHA compliance, etc.).
Ensure the organization’s policies and procedures are followed. Responsibilities include interviewing, and developing/training team members, planning, assigning, directing, and delegating work, appraising performance, rewarding and disciplining team members, addressing complaints and resolving problems.

Jan 2019 – Sep 2022 Plant Operations Manager, Royal Bath Mfg. – Richland Hills, TX

Overall responsible for Plant Operations – Direct the Manufacturing and Installation/Delivery departments to lead, plan, schedule and organize.
Communicate Safety to all personnel, while ensuring all processes remain compliant with OSHA regulations. Maintain and improve housekeeping in all areas.
Improve the existing procedures/processes to minimize manufacturing cost and assure attainment of the production schedule.
Review all financial statements for discrepancies, prior to forwarding to AP and AR departments.
Improve manpower utilization (Cross Training), track staffing requirements, hire new talent as needed with specific duties and skill sets.
Ability to delegate responsibilities and provide leadership and training to key personnel.
Experienced with written and verbal communication skills, SOP’s and Work Instructions.
Possession of key competencies, including conflict resolution, organization and decision making.
Initiate Continuous Improvement culture with equipment, Uptime, Quality and Efficiency. Innovative ideas encouraged for increasing production capacity and lowering manufacturing costs.
Project Management updates, follow-up, purchases, start and on time completions.
Lean manufacturing training, problem solving and cost reduction, create visual management and Quality Standards.
Encourage the use of lean manufacturing techniques and document current procedures for verification (Current State). Establish the requirements of the future state.
Establish training requirements for individuals and departments. Develop guidelines and documentation regarding current status of employees and their abilities.

Dec 14- Dec 2018 Manufacturing Superintendent, Igloo Corporation – Katy, TX

Overall responsible for Assembly, Injection and Blow Mold Departments, reporting daily efficiency and labor rates. Coordinate with Maintenance on release of priority work orders, Quality – identify a permanent correct action on defects found and ensuring scheduled orders are completed in a timely manner.
Lean Manufacturing – Co-Champion of Operation Rejuvenation Project, performed 5S and SMED in the Blow Mold and Injection Mold areas. Along with creating or updating the SOP/Work Instructions. Introduced the 7 Mudas/Waste to initiate the behavior/culture change. KPI’s were also part of the Visual Management implemented.
Establishes continuous improvement goals and executes action plans
Utilizes proven lean manufacturing abilities to identify opportunities for cost reduction, increased quality, work flow improvements, estimating, project analysis, technology development and core manufacturing skill set.
Able to supervise others and providing mentoring to Supervisors, technicians and support staff
Supports DOE, 8D, FMEA and 6 Sigma analysis and implementation of Kaizen activities
Develop engineering solutions to product related issues through problem solving and root cause analysis techniques.
Participate on cross functional teams to launch product modifications, resolve issues, and support product improvements.
Coordinate project work internally with the department and externally with other departments to ensure on-time completion of projects within budget.
Create an environment of continuous improvement in equipment UPTIME, EFFICIENCY & QUALITY
Knowledge and use of specifications and standards.
Analytical and problem-solving skills to include line balancing and time studies
Project management and communication skills - both oral and written
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work with teams.
Create preventive maintenance that effectively maintains the equipment in optimal form without the need for short cutting the quality or machine capability
Approximately 130-150 associates are in the Katy North Plant reporting on all aspects, from the facility improvements to Safety training.

Mar 10- Sep 2014 Production Manager/Focused Improvement Manager –
Texas Tile Manufacturing – Houston, TX
Production Manager -
Responsible for the overall performance and profitability of the Production and Production Support Departments - Raw Materials, Rework and PCW areas. Ensure company policies and objectives for Safety, Environmental, Quality, Service and Manufacturing are met in all departments.
Continuous improvements in optimizing efficiency in all facets of the process.
Coordinate with Logistics to determine Production Schedule and Customer Requirements workload/priorities.
Develop and manage the annual Operating Budget for the Production Support Departments. Instill accountability throughout all levels of department.
Develop and track KPI’s, Business Management Quarterly updates on Production Support indicators. Promote Zero Accident Culture to associates. Update or create Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s)

Focused Improvement Manager – Lean Manufacturing
Train on World Class Manufacturing using Basic and Intermediate tools (Lean Manufacturing Methodology). Develop and Train, plant associates, on Basic Tools using 15 Minute Training Sessions.
Eliminate/Reduce waste by using the 7 Mudas or 7 Wastes. Introduce a culture change through Rapid Improvements or Quick Kaizens.
Project Manager for the plant, overseeing progress on projects, providing guidance with issues or delays, to ensure completion of project, benefit to cost ratio of 4 or better.
Train on Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), One Point Lesson (OPL). Develop Tactical Implementation Plan (TIP) for the FI Pillar.
Jan 03- Mar 2010 Production Supervisor – Cardinal Health/CareFusion – Medical Device - El Paso, TX
Oversee Ampoule lines, Assembly and Packaging areas of manufacturing operations, ensure activities are performed in compliance with SOP’s and organization policy and procedures.
Involved in validations on new and existing equipment/products. Ensure SOP’s are updated and all processes are performed in compliance with GMP’s, SOP, FDA and OSHA requirements.
Interface with scheduling personnel to meet production forecast requirements and to trouble-shoot capacity constraints. Inform Manager of production issues/equipment problems.
Perform Low Heat Sterilization process, also, schedule formulation of solutions in order to allow the verification process to be completed with the lab and microbiology, also samples of product were processed using the autoclave, micro-biology follow-up to ensure authorized release of formulation.
Resolve non-conformances quickly with an effective corrective action. Interact with Engineering/Maintenance, coordinate with QA on any suspect material and also verify maintenance changes or adjustments prior to restart of production and ensure timely completion of documentation to accurately report on yield and materials used.
Assist in the inventory of raw materials, WIP, and finish goods. 5S/SMED implementation. Oversee approximately 75 - 80 associates.

Mar 02- Jan 03 Production Supervisor – Therm-O-Link Wiring - El Paso TX
Perform line checks on equipment to ensure compliance of product being produced on extrusion lines with caliper/micrometer.
Ensure multi-wire machine are drawing wire within specification CMA/Elongation and bunchers are producing wire within the CMA with appropriate tension being applied.
Trained as a multi-wire draw and buncher operator, verify first piece inspection, production reports, downtime is being reported accurately.
Resolve quality issues, prioritize maintenance repairs/workorders.
Responsible for enforcing company policies, planning and assigning work assignments, performance evaluations, address complaints and resolve personnel issues (HR duties). Communicate all issues/problems with other supervisors and management.
Contact this candidate