Saber Chowdhury
West Bloomfield, MI *****
ad8kd3@r.postjobfree.com
C- 313-***-****

Summary: 4+ years in hospitality industry as assistant manager, 8+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance (QA) and Software Testing in the IT field, 5+ years of experience in automotive trade as an operations manager of sales and parts at a car dealership with rental, chauffeur services and 2+ years as an operations manager in airline catering. Seeking to pursue a challenging position where I can utilize my experience, expertise and grow within the organization.

Work Experience

Operations Manager
DO & CO Detroit, Inc. - Romulus, MI
June 2021 to Present
Responsibilities:
Manage Team, Fleet, ramp safety, dispatching and ensure the transportation department is complaint with all airlines, Airports, ports, and all other applicable rules/regulations.
Implement process/compliant improvements as needed.
Plan, forecast, schedule, and communicate transportation activities with dispatch-as needed supervise, motivate, and assist a large team of drivers, equipment packers, sanitation workers, dock helpers.
Review and enhance policies and ensure adherence to safety measures.
Ensure all vehicles and equipment are in working condition.
Report and reconcile any equipment malfunction immediately. (i.e. compliance, fueling, maintenance).
Ensures OSHA compliance, Safe Program, & DOT standards/training are met.
Draft and implement departmental policies and procedures and set related training plans.
Monitor operations cost and create related reports as requested by the management.
Participate in establishing policies and procedures.
Track and report key functional metrics to reduce expenses and improve effectiveness.
Partner with stakeholders to ensure clear requirements documentation.
Perform cost and scenario analysis, and benchmarking.
Monitor and forecast upcoming levels of demand.
Assess, manage, and minimize risks.
Approve payroll & oversee payroll for 140+ employees.
Create daily operations report for management and stake holders.
Hold daily/weekly meetings with departments to discuss different concerns and business needs.

Operations Manager (Sales, Service & Parts)
786 Motors LLC - Detroit, MI
March 2017 to June 2021
Responsibilities:
Ensure that every customer is helped promptly, with enthusiasm, and is given a professional and complete introduction to our inventory.
Ensure that every person in the sales department has a plan for the day and completes that plan.
Recruit, hire, fire, motivate, and incentivize sales staff to reduce lost sales and increase profitability of department.
Ensure sales staff are trained, know what they are required to do, and have the skills and resources to do it.
Worked with Sales Personnel and Finance Managers to set sales goals and forecasts.
Worked with owners to maintain new and used car inventory levels and product mix to maximize profitability.
Reviews all deals to ensure legal and ethical conformity. Ensures funding packages are accurate and complete.
Created a daily report of sales and inventory.
Serve as a liaison between technicians and the parts department.
Manage part department inventory and increase wholesale parts department business.
Increase wholesale parts department business.
Help create goals and objectives for the department, which include an annual operating budget and a marketing plan to promote new and repeat business.
Keeping up to date on manufacturer warranty and policy procedures while serving as a liaison with the factory representatives
handling customer complaints immediately and according to dealership policy
Maintaining the profitability of their departments while controlling expenses and maintaining customer satisfaction.
Understand and keep abreast of the federal, state, and local regulations that affect their operations, also comply with these regulations including hazardous waste disposal, OSHA Right-to-Know and provide necessary training on these regulations and ethical practices.
plans/creates schedule for chauffeurs (6-10 driver)
Maintain and track fleet of 10+ vehicles for transportation.
Accountable for driver training, time at home, driver retention, idle reduction, mpg improvement and effective use of the driver management system & Paratransit regulations.
Promotes a safety culture by evaluating the safety performance of all drivers.
Communicated with clients to receive driver feedback.
Invoice clients for transportation needs, send reminders, and ensued payment is collected.

Infotainment Integration Engineer
Populus Group - Warren, MI
February 2015 to February 2017
Responsibilities:
Experience with software flashing tools, CAN, LIN, and Ethernet viewing software, vehicle electrical systems, and human-machine interfaces.
Create test procedures from internal infotainment specifications.
Configure laboratory test benches and vehicles with appropriate.
HW/SW/Calibration for testing
Capture the required data logs, pictures, and videos necessary to document any anomalies found, and document in the appropriate corporate databases.
Participates in root cause analysis with Automotive Ethernet (TCP/IP), BCM, CSM,
FSA, IPC, and HMI providing production support to identify system and implementation issues.
Communicates, coordinates, and consults with other engineering departments, business organizations, and suppliers.
Interacts with Integration Leads, Infotainment Program Managers, Controls
Engineers, and System Test Engineers to effectively communicate all issues.
Work directly with suppliers to develop, test, and integrate interfaces and features that use them.
Follow up to ensure issue resolution was performed timely and properly.
Train new employees in system operation, tools, and organizational interactions.
Assist the Validation teams as needed.
Creates project plans, document work completed.
Keeps Manager informed of assignment status, timing, and technical issues.
Actively identifies new areas for learning and takes advantage of learning opportunities.
Working knowledge of the SDLC and STLC Process
Interpersonal skills to work effectively with others including global/offshore partners across multiple time zones.
Ability to apply understanding of automotive engineering terms.
Assist with the development of a North American system by being a part of the system validation efforts.
Remain current with regulatory requirements (Local, State, Federal) for hands-free communications.
Work with the supply base to answer questions pertaining to requirements, specifications, performance data and defect analysis.

Quality Test Specialist
Ford Motor Co. - Allen Park, MI
October 2014 to February 2015
Responsibilities:
Work in an Agile-scrum methodology with daily scrum meetings.
Update Rally daily with burn-down hours.
Involved in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle.
Carried out demonstration of tested features to the business.
Review and research existing requirements artifacts and collaborate with the
SMEs to develop test scenarios and test cases.
Work with multiple delivery teams to understand the integration points and put together system integration test cases and its subsequent execution.
Work directly with application Business Analyst, business customers, and project team members to identify appropriate test case coverage and related test data requirements.
Write, review with business and development team, and execute Functional and
System test cases that explore and verify application functionality.
Document application defects and enable defect management, including working with the development team on the resolution of testing related defects.
Performed database testing using SQL queries.
Plan, Create, execute testing efforts well as creating and tracking defects in
HP Quality Center 11.0
Updated manager with the test case execution and defect status reports on daily basis.
Perform Web Service testing using Soap UI.

Software Validation Engineer
Chrysler Group LLC - Rochester Hills, MI
August 2012 to September 2014
Responsibilities:
Worked in an Agile-scrum methodology with daily scrum meetings.
Performed Interface Testing on Chrysler UCONNECT systems (infotainment).
Performed Usability Testing on Chrysler UCONNECT Infotainment on models such as
Entertainment, Navigation, Voice Commands and WIFI.
Help team lead to identify areas for team or process improvement.
Create test design including test cases, conditions, and identify data for testing.
Involved in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle.
Manually executed test cases on every module, documented the test results and track defects on JIRA.
Update QA lead with the test case execution and defect status reports on daily basis.
Testing the applications in actual mobile devices to test functionality and
Usability of the application.
Verifying logs (.XML, .log .txt) of application to identify storage issues.

Assistant Manager
The Peabody Hotel Memphis – Memphis, TN
August 2008 to September 2012
Responsibilities:
Managed and monitored activities of all employees in the Front Office, Housekeeping, and Food & Beverage department.
Maintained a professional and high-quality service-oriented environment.
Used problem solving skills to resolve complaints, disturbances, special requests, social media reviews and any other issues that may arise.
Informed all staff of daily activities, group, and VIP arrivals, as well as special requests and repeat guests. Check accommodation, making sure any special requests are carried out accordingly, greet guests upon arrival and ensure escort to accommodations if appropriate.
Responsible for scheduling within labor standard guidelines
Responsible for managing operating expenses and purchasing for all operations departments.
Responsible for monthly and weekly revenue/expense forecasting
Participated in preparing annual revenue and expense budgets with GM.
Hire, train, and develop team members, use progressive discipline as needed.
Profit & Loss analysis, reconciliation, and reporting
Responsible for Sales and Revenue strategies, working closely with sales teams.
Weekly/Monthly communication processes to corporate staff and owners
Supervise upsell program at the front office and work as part of the yield management team to maximize revenue for the hotel.
Works closely with all departments to improve guest services and foster cross departmental communication.
Monitor performance of departments by consistently completing room and public area inspections
Coordinates daily activities with hotel management team.
Held monthly departmental meetings, and morning huddles to keep staff informed of all activities in the hotel, reinforcing standards of excellence and promoting a formidable team atmosphere and culture.
Works closely with all departments to ensure proper key controls and safety measures are always maintained.

Education

Bachelor in computer science
Shahjalal University of Science
June 2008 - GPA 3.7
Contact this candidate