Roy A. Jimmerskog, EMBA C.A.L.E. M.B.P
GTA, Ontario L0L 2L0
Mobile 647-***-****
E-mail ad8kkj@r.postjobfree.com

Experienced Manufacturing Operations Manager
Operational Enhancement High Growth Environments Multi-Site Global Operations

Results-oriented professional with 36 years of experience and demonstrated manufacturing, project management, and quality assurance achievements for industry leaders. Industries include plastics, paint, printing, chrome plating, powder coat, anodizing, stamping laboratory, automation systems, automotive sales and transportation, food services (QSR Franchise Development) Industrial and commercial generators. A strategic thinker with a talent for optimizing operational efficiency through business process redesign and change management. Dynamic leader and mentor, developing highly motivated teams and fostering an environment of continuous improvement. A diplomatic communicator and relationship builder with a career-long record of negotiation and strategic alliance building to improve quality and reduce costs.

E.M.B.A., M.B.P, Queens University, CALE, Georgian College.

Critical Competencies
P & L – Budgeting & Forecasting
Cost Estimations
Customer Service
Vendor Management
Feasibility Analysis

TS14001 / TS16949
Implementation
Quality Improvement
Policy Development
Health & Safety Compliance

Organizational Leadership
Team Building
Training & Support
Mentoring & Human Resources
Employee Retention

Career Highlights

Manufacturing Management
Revitalized a floundering business unit and ceased the $12 million per annum loss with a demanding mandate to fortify revenue at the 100,000 sq. ft. manufacturing plant.
Assigned to meet a mandated sales forecast, overseeing revenue increased from $50 million to $80 million in 5 years.
Boosted year-over-year quality improvements from 55% to 93% in plating, 75% to 95% in moulding, and 60% to 98% in paint.
Improved uptime from 70% to 95% advancing profit by $2 million.
Renegotiated multiple contracts with suppliers of the purchased product, delivering $3.9 million in annual savings.

Process Improvement
Initiated and drove an O.E.E. improvement action plan from 30% to 85% within 18 months.
Successfully recertified the plant to QS9000 Certification in 9 months, leading to the implementation and accreditation of TS16949 and ISO14001 quality standards.
Appointed by senior management to develop a plan to institute global best practices in moulding and stamping plants alongside an international multi-cultural team of plant representatives, sharing plant efficiencies and procedures before creating the "Best Practice Strategy."
Assigned by Magna senior management team to assess operations at underperforming plants and devise a plan to maximize operations.
Influenced yield improvements ranging from 8% to 21%, delivered 100% on-time customer delivery, zero P.P.M., and decreased costs by 10% year over year.
Team Leadership
Mentored, coached, and developed a base of 350 employees to align their personal goals with the organization's vision.

Health & Safety Leadership
Implemented the 5S program, mandating management to conduct weekly health and safety meetings with 5S cross teams.
Initiated regulated training, in H&S as a priority.

Roy A. Jimmerskog, EM.B.A. C.A.L.E MBP Mobile 647-***-****

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FranSync International Caledon, ON
Business Operations Manager 2012 – Present
Business consulting services offering various advice to start-up and underperforming companies. As the primary representative, working directly with clients to develop marketing, sales, and development systems. Provide extensive management control within diverse industries. Exclusive Franchise growth.

Selected Achievements
Accountable for Greenfield planning, development and launching on time and within budget.
In charge of ensuring the successful launch of program management, all infrastructure, equipment, real estate, people, and capital meet the timelines.
Successful at negotiating union contracts
An effective negotiator with vendors and rebate programs at all levels.

Magna International
Polybrite (Divisions of Decoma International) Concord, ON
Assistant General Manager 2001 – 2012
Promoted in 2001 and earned a reputation for consistently strengthening the business divisions, swiftly assessing and devising radical changes to optimize performance and encompassing multiple metrics to return to profit and excellence.

Selected Achievements
Researched global competitors' practices with plating on plastic, crafting and deploying a Best Practice program across the facility.
Played an integral role in the plant conversion, working with internal stakeholders and vendors to design and install moulding, plating, painting and assembly equipment.
Awarded the prestigious Preferred Supplier status with Lexus, generating an additional $25 million in annual revenue.
Met a mandated sales forecast from $50 to $80 million within five years.
Planned a plant capacity expansion to meet the required goals, sourcing equipment, hiring 30 additional staff and navigating through multiple phases successfully.
Assisted in a business plan to automate the current manual control systems, sourcing, procuring and commissioning an automated dynamic machine working through several two-week shutdowns to deliver the expansion on time and within budget without production disruption.
Cultivated a dramatic increase in moulding productions to meet expanding plating requirements, drove a plant expansion, and selected and purchased additional moulding machines and paint capacity to increase demand.
Boosted year-over-year quality improvements from 55% to 93% in plating, 75% to 95% in moulding, and 60% to 90% in paint.
Improved uptime from 70% to 95%, advancing profit by $2 million.
Plydex (Division of Decoma International) Aurora, ON
Operations/Global Best Practice Manager 1987 – 2001
Recruited to deal with inefficiencies in production, product yield, cycle time and poor morale in a 165,000 sq. ft. 400-person manufacturing facility. Acted as the conduit between multiple internal and external stakeholders to boost plant efficiencies beyond the demanding Magna global targets with plants in Brazil, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Germany, and the United States.

MEMBERSHIPS Past and Present
Society of Plastic Engineers
Board of Directors – Surfilco Canada
Board of Directors York Region School board to develop Skilled trades agenda.
Member at Georgian college to develop Plastics /agenda.
Member at York University to develop Surface finishing agenda
Member at Georgian collage to develop Generator technology.
Board of Directors, CASF, Develop training for future surface finishing Chemists.
Accepted at Board of Directors at C.M.H.A Simcoe County.
Health, Safety and Environment Professional.

2 P a g e
Contact this candidate