DENIS ZAITSEV
Supply chain and operations professional
CONTACT
Aventura, FL, 33180
305-***-****
ad8kiv@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/denis-zaitsev
PROFILE
Highly accomplished supply chain and operations manager. Proven track record of expertise in supplier and material management, demonstrating success in establishing positive relationships with stakeholders and clients. Acknowledged for making impactful contributions to cross-functional teams, consistently delivering results and communicating effectively across organizational levels. Possesses strategic planning, problem-solving and analytical skills, coupled with high energy and a deep commitment to continuous learning.

SKILLS
Supply chain management
Project management
ERP (SAP, Proalpha)
Inventory management, cost reduction and optimization, logistic management, contract negotiations.
Planning and analytics
Reporting and presentation Leadership and management
QB (AP, AR, invoicing, records, material management and accounting)

EXPERIENCE
Operations manager, ZD Concepts LLC, Aventura, 33180 07/2019 – present
Presently driving business development with expertise in marketing, sales, projects, supply chain optimization, logistics, client and supplier relations, as well as business administration and analytics. Eager to leverage these skills in a dynamic role focused on supply chain management.

Operations manager, Bel-Kap-Steel LLC, Miami, 33130 06/2006 – 06/2019
Drive strategic business development initiatives while cultivating and managing client relationships. Direct day-to-day administrative operations. Conduct comprehensive research to identify new suppliers/vendors and provide recommendations for innovative products and services to capture and solidify market share. Proactively initiate development activities and maintain close communication with customers/suppliers to assess and interpret their needs. Skillfully draft proposals, negotiate contracts, and establish competitive pricing. Collaborate at the executive level to formulate long- term manufacturing, purchasing, and sales objectives, developing strategies to align with business needs and customer requirements. Execute material production, overseeing material-flow logistics, and managing supply chain intricacies with precision.

Authorized to work in the United States without any restrictions, no visa sponsorship required.
Owns a personal vehicle and is available for commuting within a 30-mile radius of Aventura, FL
Native Russian speaker with proficient verbal and written translation and interpretation skills.
Contact this candidate