Anthony J Raffo, Ph.D, Ms
Senior cellular and molecular
biologist and laboratory
operations manager

Bench based Scientist with over 25 years experience in academic and industry cellular and molecular biology/ biochemistry research and clinical research laboratories
Firmly established hands-on laboratory derived personal work ethic
Experienced in academia and industry with small chemotherapy molecule and larger biotherapeutic molecules in with bioanalytical analysis development and implementation
Experience in Oncology, Immunology, Inflammation, Virology, cell culture, in vivo, in vitro, in situ assay design, development, problem solving and validation. All assays were conducted in compliance with International Organization for Standardization (ISO) guidelines
Laboratory operations, cell culture and vivarium facilities manager, support staff trainer and supervisor. Major equipment researcher, advisor and installer, trainer. All laboratory operations were conducted in accordance with GLP and established H&S protocols
Technical grant and article writer (editor) and poster and slide presentation preparer and presenter.
Experience with small animal husbandry, immunofluorescence, immuno-Histology, Confocal immunofluorescent microscopic imaging, immunofluorescence protein precipitation and binding partner identification. small animal husbandry, Immunofluorescence applications, data analysis, Ligand binding assay and analysis, development and macromolecular ligand protein complex binding analysis, non-evasive body imaging.
Passionate about human health issues, the concept of what is life and for the pathogens that cause human, animal and plant diseases
Key Experience: Isolation/purification of mRNA and protein timed after therapy option (chemical or genetic) application to establish expression modulation of various specific mRNAs and their subsequent protein products to determine.resultant cellular function parameters.
Therapy options include direct drug application to human derived cells or small animal/human models of select disease. Drug discovery and their disease modification potential were determined and evaluated with deleterious side monitored.
siRNA design, develop and select target validation, with extensive database searching, analysis and implementation to confidently ascertain specific target manipulation Lead Validation Scientist in efforts on design, modification and optimization of siRNA experimental drug for different HTP Confocal Microscopy Screening for potential therapeutic programs
Designed, constructed and implemented /evaluated select genetic constructs intended to overexpress select mRNA and subsequent protein products in human cell lines to determine potential efficacy as therapeutic agents.
Lead Investigator on the identification of key cell biomarkers which are indicative of cellular status and function. Cellular parameters were measured/identified by FACs analysis and subsequent western blot confirmation. Molecular bio/biomarker assay development (including flow cytometry FACS, western analysis and RT-qPCR based) were conducted in accordance with GLP guidelines and H&S protocols. Conducted numerous genetic engineering construction projects in order to determine the efficacy oof gene therapies on cellular functions, notably on drug or gene sensitivity/resistance in cancer cells. These techniques demanded a mastery over not only DNA manipulation but also in removal of lipid bilayer encasement but in the lipid repackaging of the select DNA constructs for reinsertion into bacterial or especially human cell genomes. While these were research oriented experiments and not production based, the essential techniques and quality assurance procedures were followed. These procedures required the use of bio-hazardous reagents to remove or envelope nucleic acid particles. with, lipid constituents
Isolated, examined, reconstructed scores of bacterial plasmids for gene expression analysis experiments.. I’ve done thousands of plasmid preparations either using manual protocols, automated liquid handling protocols and multiple “kit” type protocols.
Isolation and manipulation was s common technique in my graduate career, my CUMC career, my Yale west campus position and in my Merck position
Easily tens of thousands if preps and re-engineering and re-configured plasmid DNA insertion into bacterial and mammalian cells.
Key skills: mammalian cell culture (experience with BSH 2 and BSH 3 safety hoods), isolation and characterization of DNA, mRNA and protein from mammalian cells, human and small animal organs and tissues. Engineering of bacterial (numerous plasmid isolation and engineering projects) and viral genetic components as a key manipulatory expression tool controlling expression of select components in mammalian/human cell culture functions. Conducted numerous genetic engineering construction projects in order to determine the efficacy oof gene therapies on cellular functions, notably on drug or gene sensitivity/resistance in cancer cells. These techniques demanded a mastery over not only DNA manipulation but also in removal of lipid bilayer encasement but in the lipid repackaging of the select DNA constructs for reinsertion into bacterial or especially human cell genomes. While these were research oriented experiments and not production based, the essential techniques and quality assurance procedures were followed. These procedures required the use of bio-hazardous reagents to remove or envelope nucleic acid particles. with, lipid constituents
The
-

Present location:
1080 New Haven Ave 100
Milford, Connecticut, 06460

Email
ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com

Mobile phone:
203-***-****

Education Completed
PhD - Doctor of Philosophy, University of California Riverside
Plant Pathology
MS – Master of Science- University of California Riverside Molecular Biology and Biochemistry
BA - Bachelor of Arts, Hunter College of The City University of New York
Biological Sciences

Linkedin

https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-raffo-78006214

Citations for 29 peer reviewed published original research articles and contact information for six professional references are available as desired
-

Professional Career

Corium Diagnostics, Norwalk, CT Feb 2022 – Apr 2022
Genomic Technologist and Safety Officer.
(Temporary)

Advisor on the establishment of facilities for the sensitive molecular
detection of SARS-COV2 (COVID-19) virus in Human Nasal Samples
Problem solve and establish the saliva based molecule test as an alternative to the standard nasal based diagnostic detection method for the CIVID-19 virus
Train support staff
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines

Progressive Diagnostics, Branford, CT Mar 2021 – May 2021
Genomic Technologist and Night Supervisor
(Contract) -

Consultant n the establishment of facilities for the safe and sensitive detection diagnosis of SARS-COV2 (COVID-19) virus in Human Nasal Samples
Night shift supervisor
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines

CoPath Laboratory, Yale University, Pathology Department,
New Haven, CT March 2021- April 2021
Genomic Technologist
(temporary)
Consultant on the establishment of facilities for the safe and sensitive diagnostic detection of SARS-COV2 (COVID-19) virus in Human Nasal Samples
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines

Genomics Laboratory, Sema4 Therapeutics, Branford, CT May 2020 – Jun 2020
Genomics Technologist-Temporary
Consultant on the establishment of facilities for the safe and sensitive diagnostic detection of SARS-COV2 (COVID-19) virus in Human Nasal Samples
Operate high throughput liquid handling equipment
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines
Helped develop SARS-COV2 (COVID-19) high throughput automated genomic testing
Human nasal swab samples were collected, cataloged and processed. Human nasal swab samples were assayed for COVID-19 virus by viral genomic isolation and RT-PCR amplification detection.
All procedures were done with high throughput liquid handling in Multi-well plates (96 and 384 well formats)
Initial procedure was to remove disposable nasal swab from an aqueous salt solution and prepare samples for aliquot sampling, then subsequent initial procedure was for genomic RNA isolation and subsequent reverse transcribe to DNA. Both done by high throughput reactions and liquid handling (96 well format)
These plates were then sealed and transported to a nearby facility where high throughput PCR would amplify any viral signals for detection, identification and analysis.
All operations were conducted in BSL-2 hoods with extensive PPE protection.

Department of Neurosurgery, Einstein School of Medicine, Medical Center, Bronx, NY
Jun 2017 – Nov 2017
Associate Research Specialist
Establish facilities to study the molecular mechanisms contributing to Alzheimer’s disease
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines
Involved in research to determine the molecular biology and biochemistry of alterations in the glycobiology of abnormal modifications in post translational organization of membrane glycoproteins. Specifically, how Tn-antigen, an oncology biomarker is increased in brain tissue and how this correlate to the onset of Alzheimer’s disease.
Major aim is to determine the activity, and expression, Protein and mRNA of key enzymes involved in the synthesis and degradation of glycoprotein sugars and the core Tn-antigen. A secondary project is to develop the potential of small compounds synthesized within the lab as anti-cancer therapies.
Specifically, the primary aim of this project is to explore the toxicity of several of these compounds to determine an appropriate dose to destroy brain cancer cells while not effecting hepatocyte function.

In Vivo Scientist
(Contract)
Boehringer-Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Department of Immunology and Respiration
Ridgefield, CT

April 2013 – May 2016
Experienced with small chemotherapy molecule utilizing bioanalytical analysis development and implementation to validate therapy efficiency and evaluation
Chemotherapy Evaluation utilizing an In Vivo Model of Inflammatory Disease
Established high throughput sample handling operations
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines

Merck & Co. Clinical Development Laboratory-Genomics,
Rahway, NJ
Biochemist III/Genomics Staff Scientist
(Contract)

March 2012 – April 2013

Lead scientist in preparation if regulatory documentation prior to submission in order to initiate clinical trials on potential candidate chemotherapeutic agents.
Identified specific DNA point mutations in human Lung Cancer Patient Samples to support an investigation to determine the correlation of specific mutations to patient chemotherapy response
Optimize protocols and Validate DNA genotypic results for two key. But poorly identified specific single nucleotide mutations
Conducted numerous genetic engineering construction projects in order to determine the efficacy oof gene therapies on cellular functions, notably on drug or gene sensitivity/resistance in cancer cells. These techniques demanded a mastery over not only DNA manipulation but also in removal of lipid bilayer encasement but in the lipid repackaging of the select DNA constructs for reinsertion into bacterial or especially human cell genomes. While these were research oriented experiments and not production based, the essential techniques and quality assurance procedures were followed. These procedures required the use of bio-hazardous reagents to remove or envelope nucleic acid particles. with, lipid constituents
Advisor on major equipment acquisition, once approved initiated purchase, once the instrument was received to unpacked and installed apparatus and train staff.
Advisor on assay outsourcing vendor selection
Isolated, examined, reconstructed scores of bacterial plasmids for gene expression analysis experiments.. I’ve done thousands of plasmid preparations either using manual protocols, automated liquid handling protocols and multiple “kit” type protocols.
Isolation and manipulation was s common technique
Train new staff members on proper laboratory operations and assure that all procedures are in compliant with health and safety guidelines
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines

Yale University West Campus. Dept Cell Biology Core Facility
West Haven, CT-
Associate Research Scientist. Lead Validation Scientist

07/2008 - 06/2009

Established the initial Yale University facility in the newly established West Campus
Assigned and initiated purchase of equipment and supplies for the validation sub-division laboratory of the Development of Cell Biology Core siRNA High Throughput Confocal Screening Laboratory
Installed and Validated laboratory equipment, protocols and operations
Redesigned siRNA primer-components to alleviate assay miss-targeting
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines
Conducted numerous genetic engineering construction projects in order to determine the efficacy oof gene therapies on cellular functions, notably on drug or gene sensitivity/resistance in cancer cells. These techniques demanded a mastery over not only DNA manipulation but also in removal of lipid bilayer encasement but in the lipid repackaging of the select DNA constructs for reinsertion into bacterial or especially human cell genomes. While these were research oriented experiments and not production based, the essential techniques and quality assurance procedures were followed. These procedures required the use of bio-hazardous reagents to remove or envelope nucleic acid particles. with, lipid constituents

Columbia University Irving Medical Center (CUMC), The Naomi Berrie Diabetes Center
New York, NY
Associate Research Scientist

08/2006 - 07/2008

Examine Potential Chemotherapies in a Rat Experimental Diabetic Model
Established non-evasive imaging of pancreatic beta cells by Positron Emission Tomography (PET) scanning, in an induced rat model or in a spontaneous diabetic prone rat model
Correlated the imaging data with the appearance of beta cell specific peptides within the serum of these rats as diabetes progresses using mass spectroscopy analysis
Quantitatively measure the loss of beta cell specific proteins and their mRNAs within the regressed pancreas in these diabetic rats by Western blots, ELISAs and qRT-PCR.
Imaged and semi-quantitated the localization of several key proteins in the pancreas of these animals and in a rat glucose inducible insulin secreting cell line, by confocal fluorescent immunohistochemistry focusing on pancreatic specific biomarkers
Molecular bio/biomarker assay development (including flow cytometry FACS, western analysis and RT-qPCR based). These were basic biomarker validation as markers for type II diabetes progression and/or treatment efficiency.
Signal transduction pathways effecting growth, death, differentiation, and senescence, with emphasis on oncology (specifically prostate, breast, melanoma, and lymphoma cancers), immunology and metabolic disorders (diabetes) Isolated, examined, reconstructed scores of bacterial plasmids for gene expression analysis experiments.. I’ve done thousands of plasmid preparations either using manual protocols, automated liquid handling protocols and multiple “kit” type protocols.
Isolation and manipulation was s common technique
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines

CUMC, Department of Medicine, Division of Medical Oncology, Experimental Therapeutics
New York, NY
Associate Research Scientist

09/1995 - 08/2006

Investigator on the Role of Apoptosis in Oncology and explore the role of cytokine ligands binding had on apoptotic status. Lead Investigator on the identification of key cell biomarkers which are indicative of cellular status and function. Cellular parameters were measured/identified by FACs analysis and subsequent western blot confirmation.
Proved that a small peptide derived from the C-terminal region of the key cellular tumor suppressing protein, one that is frequently mutated in multiple human cancer types, can induce apoptosis, in situ and in vivo in animal model with several human cancer types. Experienced with small chemotherapy molecules and larger biotherapeutic molecules in with bioanalytical analysis development and implementation
Conducted numerous genetic engineering construction projects in order to determine the efficacy oof gene therapies on cellular functions, notably on drug or gene sensitivity/resistance in cancer cells. These techniques demanded a mastery over not only DNA manipulation but also in removal of lipid bilayer encasement but in the lipid repackaging of the select DNA constructs for reinsertion into bacterial or especially human cell genomes. While these were research oriented experiments and not production based, the essential techniques and quality assurance procedures were followed. These procedures required the use of bio-hazardous reagents to remove or envelope nucleic acid particles. with, lipid constituentsIsolated, examined, reconstructed scores of bacterial plasmids for gene expression analysis experiments.. I’ve done thousands of plasmid preparations either using manual protocols, automated liquid handling protocols and multiple “kit” type protocols.
Isolation and manipulation was s common technique
Screened several B-Cell lymphoma cancer patient samples for sensitivity to a panel of chemotherapy agents to select for an appropriately effective agent.
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines
Awards received –
American Association for Cancer Research- GlaxoWelcome Investigator Award 2000. Raffo, A.J.,et al. Selective Induction of fas Mediated Apoptosis by p53 Peptide in Human Cancer Cells
American Association for Cancer Research- Intergen Young Investigator Award 1999. Raffo, A.J., et al Formation of nuclear Bax/p53 complexes are associated with apoptotic DNA fragmentation.

CUMC, Dept of Medicine
New York, NY
Medical Resident and Graduate Student Advisor

09/1995 – 06/1997

Trained several medical Residents and graduate students on research laboratory procedures and operations with address to concerns for the health and safety of the lab members.
Advisor for department major equipment purchase and installed, certified instrument and trained staff

Columbia University, Department of Urology
New York NY
Associate Research Scientist

08/1992 - 09/1995
Determined how the modulation of protein expression of several members of an important life/death gene family would have on cell viability and chemotherapy application in several human prostate cell lines. In order to accomplish this project I designed. Tested and validated several genetic expression vectors for several of this families members to over-express select proteins and designed, constructed and tested siRNA constructs to down-regulate select member expression
Develop a highly sensitive assay, based on DNA sequence analysis< to detect trace levels of circulating metastatic human prostate cancer cells in the general circulation of prostate cancer patients Detection of these damaging cancer cells not localized within the organ proper would select patients that would not benefit from radical prostatectomy and the consequent detrimental side effects of that surgery
Determine the effects of hypoxia on the expression of several proteins in human derived prostate cell lines and determine the consequent viability status and chemotherapy sensitivity in these cells after treatments. Isolated, examined, reconstructed scores of bacterial plasmids for gene expression analysis experiments.. I’ve done thousands of plasmid preparations either using manual protocols, automated liquid handling protocols and multiple “kit” type protocols.
Isolation and manipulation was s common technique
Laboratory operations management to assure laboratory adherence to GLP and health snd safety guidelines
Awards received –
American Urological Association. 1995 Best Poster in Disease Staging. Raffo, A.J., et al The Molecular staging of prostate cancer using an RT-PCR assay: a study of 100 radical prostatectomy patients.
American Association for Cancer Research 1994 Travel Award for Meritorious Abstracts. Raffo, A.J, et al. New anti-apoptosis gene identified in a prostate cancer cell line
New York Blood Services 2001, Volunteer Recognition Award Anthony Raffo
American Urological Association. 2003 Moderator of the Poster Discussion Session on Prostate Cancer at the 2003 A.U.A. National Meeting, Chicago

gaps in employment continuity
Alternative employment

04/2022 - precent
01/2018 – 05/2020
Relevant employment gaps were primarily due to lack of relevant research employment opportunities and thus positions in my secondary skills in the food industry (food preparation, management and customer service).
Free time during these periods allowed me to concentrate on literature research projects. One of which was concerning the known molecular mechanisms of human dementia progression and another was the genomic structure and the possible epidemiological issues concerning SARS-COV2 viral infection with the emergence of RNA constructs as effective vaccine components. I also keep abreast of recent technical advances, such as ddPCR, Spectral flow cytometry and single cell analysis methodology. I am also writing a murder mystery novel in a possible altered earth environment.
-

Skills
More than 20+ years bench experience, Aseptic techniques, Manual and automated liquid handling, Microbiology, Biochemical, Biomedical, Cell culture, Mammalian cell culture, Primary human cell culture, bactetial plasmid isolstion techniques and bacterisl DNA engineering with re-packaging plasmids for gene insertion into mammalian cells,
Human specimen cataloging, processing for diagnostic assays and storage, Human virus applications, Microscopy, simple, confocal, IHC, ELISA, Chromatography, HPLC, chemiluminescent assays, Immunohistochemistry, Confocal microscopy, Non – Evasive Body Imaging, Molecular biology, Statistical analysis, Western & Northern blots, CGMP, Aseptic technique, Laboratory maintenance, GLP, Clinical research, Data analysis, Laboratory management, Physiology, knowledge, Genetic engineering, Transfection, Writing skills, GCP, Spectroscopy, BSL-2 & 3 operations,, Maintenance, Microsoft Office applications, Research & Development, SAS, Tutoring & training of, laboratory personal, Clinical trials, Microsoft Excel, Data collection, Medical writing and terminology, Grant and protocol writing and conference presentations, In vivo expertise, Sanger & Next Generation Sequencing, Flow cytometry and biomarker analysis, Data evaluation and analysis, Manuscript preparation and presentation, ligand binding assay development. Experienced in academia and industry with small chemotherapy molecule and larger biotherapeutic molecules in with bioanalytical analysis development and implementation Correspondence with clients, colleagues in Manuscript preparation and data analysis/interpretation, poster and presentation preparer and presenting personal and laboratory data to international peer audiences (awards received) assay troubleshooting, Equipment
purchasing advisor, installer, maintenance and problem solver and laboratory management, Vivarium management, Cell culture facilities, management, High throughput liquid handling, High throughput equipment integration.

Awards
American Association for Cancer Research- GlaxoWelcome Investigator Award 2000. Raffo, A.J., Drew, L., Kim, A.L., Brandt-Rauf, P.W., Petrylak, D.P., Do, T. and Fine, R.L. Selective Induction of fas Mediated Apoptosis by p53 Peptide in Human Cancer Cells
American Association for Cancer Research-Intergen Young Investigator Award 1999. Raffo, A.J., Kim, A.L. and Fine, R.L. Formation of nuclear Bax/p53 complexes are associated with apoptotic DNA fragmentation.
American Urological Association. 2003 Moderator of the Poster Discussion Session on Prostate Cancer at the 2003 A.U.A. National Meeting, Chicago
American Association for Cancer Research 1994 Travel Award for Meritorious Abstracts. Raffo, A., Perlman, H., Day, M., Chen, M.W., and Buttyan, R. New anti-apoptosis gene identified in a prostate cancer cell line
American Urological Association. 1995 Best Poster in Disease Staging. deVries, G., Olsson, C.A., Raffo, A.J., Cam, C., O'Toole, K., Benson, M.C., Buttyan, R. and Katz, A.E. The Molecular staging of prostate cancer using an RT-PCR assay: a study of 100 radical prostatectomy patients.
American Urological Association. 1995 Best Poster in Disease Staging. Raffo, A.J., et al The Molecular staging of prostate cancer using an RT-PCR assay: a study of 100 radical prostatectomy patients.
American Association for Cancer Research 1994 Travel Award for Meritorious Abstracts. Raffo, A.J, et al. New anti-apoptosis gene identified in a prostate cancer cell line
New York Blood Services 2001, Volunteer Recognition Award Anthony Raffo
American Urological Association. 2003 Moderator of the Poster Discussion Session on Prostate Cancer at the 2003 A.U.A. National Meeting, Chicago
American Association for Cancer Research 1994 Travel Award for Meritorious Abstracts. Raffo, A., Perlman, H., Day, M., Chen, M.W., and Buttyan, R. New anti-apoptosis gene identified in a prostate cancer cell line
American Urological Association. 1995 Best Poster in Disease Staging. deVries, G., Olsson, C.A., Raffo, A.J., Cam, C., O'Toole, K., Benson, M.C., Buttyan, R. and Katz, A.E. The Molecular staging of prostate cancer using an RT-PCR assay: a study of 100 radical prostatectomy patients.

Scientific Publications
Citations for 29 scientific research articles published in peer reviewed scientific journals are available upon request

Select Publications
Raffo, A.J., Perlamn, H., Chen, M.W., Day, M.L., Streitman, J.S. and Buttyan, R. Overexpression of bcl-2 protects prostate cancer cells from apoptosis in vitro and confers resistance to androgen-depletion in vivo. Cancer Research 55: pp. 4438-4445, 1995.
Raffo, A.J., Kim, A.L. and Fine, R.L. The formation of a nuclear p53/Bax complex is associated with chemotherapy induced apoptosis. Oncogene Dec 14,19(54):6216-6228, 2000
Raffo, A.J., Lai, J.C., Stein, C.A., Miller, P., Scaringe, S., Khvornova, A. and Benimetsky, L. Antisense RNA downregulation of bcl-2 expression in DU145 prostate cancer cells does not diminish the cytostatic effects of G3139 (Oblimersen). Clinical Cancer Research, May 1, 10(9):3195-3206, 2004
Raffo, A., Hancock, K., Polito, T., Xie, Y., Andan, G., Witkowski, P., Hardy, M., Barba, P., Ferrara, C., Maffei, A., Freeby, M., Goland, R., Leibel, R.L., Sweet, I.R., and Harris, P.E. Role of vesicular monoamine transporter type 2 in rodent insulin secretion and glucose metabolism revealed by its specific antagonist tetrabenazine. J Endocrinol. July 198(1):41-9 2008
Fine RL, Mao Y, Dinnen R, Rosal RV, Raffo A, Hochfeld U, Senatus P, Bruce JN, Nichols G, Wang H, Li Y, Brandt-Rauf PW. C-Terminal p53 Palindromic Tetrapeptide Restores Full Apoptotic Function to Mutant p53 Cancer Cells in Vitro and in Vivo. Biomedicine. 11(1), 137 Jan 5, 2023

Professional Reference Contacts:

1)Ernest Raymond, PhD, Principal Scientist for Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Department of Immunology and Inflammation, Research and Development, Boehringer-Ingelheim, Inc, 900 Ridgebury Rd, Ridgefield, CT 06811. ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com 203-***-****. Supervisor while at BIP-US-R I&I
2)Matthew Marton, Ph.D., Director of Research Sciences, Clinical Development Laboratories- Genomics, Merck & Co., RY50-1D-134, 126 E Lincoln Ave., Rahway, NJ 07065 ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com 732-***-****. Supervisor at Merck & Co., CDL-Genomics
3)Paul W. Brandt-Rauf. MD, Ph.D., Distinguished Professor and Dean, School of Biomedical Engineering, Science and Health Systems, Drexel University, 3141 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, PA 19104, Bossone 718-A,. ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com 215-***-****. Prior colleague at Columbia University Medical Center, Dept. of Medicine, Experimental Therapeutics
4)Paul Benya, PhD, Research Scientist, UCLA Orthopedic Hospital Department of Orthopedic Surgery, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, University of California, Los Angeles, CA
310-***-****. ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com Prior supervisor while at USC Dept of Orthopedics
(prior to graduate education-not included in resume text)
5)Ralph Buttyan, Ph.D., Senior Research Scientist, Vancouver Prostate Centre Professor, Department of Urologic Sciences, University of British Columbia Jack Bell Research Centre ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com 2660 Oak Street, Vancouver, BC V6H 3Z6
604-***-****. Supervisor while at Dept of Urology, Columbia University
6)Robert L Fine, MD Oncologist specializing in Internal Medicine, Hematology/Oncology And Medical Oncology, Department of Medical Oncology 171 Ft. Washington Ave, New York, NY 10032 ad8l46@r.postjobfree.com, 212-***-****, prior supervisor during several years at Columbia University Medical Center
Contact this candidate