**/**** - **/**** ********** Manager
Hill's Installation Services, Laurel, MD
**/** ** **/**** Operations Manager Hill's Installation Services 9125 Whiskey Bottom Road, Suite E, Laurel, MD 20723 40 Hours per Week Supervisor: Theadie A. Hill, Jr. 301-***-**** Operations Manager, accountable for utilizing quantitative and qualitative analytical skills in structuring, designing, and implementing various management projects. Supervise and manage the organizations internal office staff of three, warehouse staff of four, and external office installation teams of 23. I have been successful in developing, implementing and revising day-to-day office procedure pamphlets and processes performed daily by three internal administrators, maintaining the efficiency and effectiveness of the office. Serve as organizational technical expert consultant to all points of the organization, on all points of labor relations. Create and maintain valuable and open communications with both management, personnel, and external clientele, vendors, and government agencies review, conduct, and advice management of employee performance evaluations. Directly accountable for the successful implementation of managerial practices and policies (administrative, finance, personnel), with authority to validate, approve and/or take final action within recognized delegation of authority. Monitor the procurement and purchasing of materials, supplies, basic technical equipment, and CRYSTAL PORTER-HILL
9210 PINENUT CT, LAUREL, MD 20723-1762
Phone: 301-***-****
Alt Phone: 301-***-****
Email: ad8mm3@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
To obtain a position in Public Administration, where I can utilize my education and career growth. Further my experience as a Chief Executive Officer or General Manager, where new skills, training and continued education are obtainable.
Ability Summary
Experience in planning, directing, and coordinating the operations of companies or public and private sector organizations.
Leadership abilities concerning supervision staff members, with regular daily facilitation, monitoring, provide explanation, and training
Streamlining business process and improving operational efficiency levels. Self-motivated, disciplined, Analytical skills, Good judgment, time-management skills, and creativity Proven success managing administrative responsibilities including fielding customer inquiries, coordinating installation and delivery logistics, drafting correspondence, and assist in preparing various accounting quarterly reports.
Propensity to succeed in fast-paced business environments, while remaining focused on attaining objectives.
Effective problem-solver, planner, innovator, negotiator, and team player. Excellent presentation, quantitative and qualitative methodologist, organizational and managerial skilled.
Ability to centralize management of administrative and related functions associated with the efficiency and effectiveness of the office.
Ability to review existing policies and procedures, identify potential problem areas, and develop solutions.
Special Projects
Provides technical and administrative leadership to a small team of management and administrative support personnel.
Employment History
professional services. A successful submission to obtaining the company's Small Business Association (SBA) 8(a) certification, Maryland Department of Transportation/ Minority Business Enterprise and Disadvantage Business Enterprise
(MBE/DBE) certification, and District Department of Transportation (DDOT) certification. By consolidating all my operational functions, I define the range to manage, plan, organize, and control gainful cooperation among the organizations diverse working staff, by coordinating individual work skills through oral and written communications.
Human Resource Administrator
Hills Installation Services, Laurel, MD
Human Resource Administrator, offer guidance, procedural support, and direction to management executives and personnel relating to Federal Labor laws, and regulations. I assist in the hire management analysts to maintain or reorganize the company's internal structure, by reviewing existing policy and procedures, identify the problem areas and implement solvable solutions. Assist in the budget administration, program analysis, and other knowledged organizational functions to support facilitation services. I utilize an operation configured automated system, as well as Microsoft Office software items. I input and manage various data processing, accounting, and action based logistical related items. Provide direction on organizational development, human capital management, and inventory control. Examine regularly changing circumstances in continuing labor-management relations pertaining to all corrective organizational essentials, and relate discovery into HR strategies and focus. Assigned analysis responsibilities to research, gather data, collaborate, and produce the company's first employee handbook. A handbook, which recently became an intricate part submitted with a bid proposal for a FEMA contract solicitation, which our organization won the award of five-years, with a blanket contract of $5 million, which is to begin implementation mid- May, 2009. Assistant Project Manager, I advise potential clients regarding various project proposals. Action items may cost anywhere from $75 per proposal quote, to over
$10,000 per proposal quote. Analyze job facility and station- installation, configuration, and blueprints to guarantee the product delivered to the company warehouse corresponds with the bill-of-lading, and to ascertain our company assigned the correct number of installers, and equipment to perform the job satisfactory. Identifies and track performance measures with active and projected projects to align performance metrics with organizational goals and resources. Serve as a secondary principal responsible for the development, implementation, and training for a staff of over 30 employees. Ensure that all project deliverables have on time completions, and are within scope and budget. I manage and maintain our organizations competitive edge through analyzing, developing, and implementing necessary requirements, logical and informational workflows. Analyze the impact towards the overall objectives, resources, and operations feasibility associated with new projects. Investigate problems, inconsistencies, damaged merchandise, and recommendation and/or complaints our clients suggest. Troubleshoot to determine comparable resolutions to the complaint and/ or recommendation, once analyzing all potential findings to produce if achievable a win-win situation for all parties. 05/1998 - 01/2000 Mortgage Processor
1st Mariner Mortgage Corporation, Crofton, MD
05/98 to 01/00 Mortgage Processor 1st Mariner Mortgage Corporation 2215 B Defense Highway, Crofton, MD 21114 40 Hours per Week Salary: $ 47,000.00/annual Supervisor: William Brenner 888-***-**** Served as the primary consultant for the review of home loan applications, to ensure all applications complied with governing laws and regulations. Review documentation/reports to ensure the accuracy of data and compliance with regulations. Formulate industry solutions to standard informal problems by identifying the nature of the problem, and obtaining additional information through verbal and written contacts. Adjust loan amount, closing cost, etc. on mortgage loan to ensure borrower can demonstrate repayments to loans in addition monetary adjustments are made to ensure contract falls within government, lender and banking guidelines. Identify appropriate standard operating procedures to verify corrective transactions. Inform all primary external and internal audiences of progress, changes, or issues, which could affect delivery of final loan approval. Maintained working knowledge of Federal Housing Association (FHA) loans, conventional, Veterans Administration (VA), Community Development Administration Mortgage/Grants (CDA), and rural development loan applications. 10/1996 - 03/1998 Senior Mortgage Processor
Entrust Home Finance, Inc, Columbia, MD
10/96 to 3/98 Senior Mortgage Processor Entrust Home Finance, Inc 1000 Old Columbia Road, Columbia, MD 21040 40 Hours per Week Salary: $ 44,500.00/annual Supervisor: Demitra Moore 800-***-**** Serve as the Senior Mortgage Processor to perform risk management examinations of procedures to ensure that all mortgages were in compliance with loan policies and procedures. Analyze financial information including operating statements and net worth statements to determine appropriate loan size, terms and pricing. Review various reports including appraisals, environmental documentation, to determine compliance with investor requirements. Investigate credit ratings with credit bureaus and reporting agencies. Responsible for ensuring that the banks policies and procedures were adhered to when conducting evaluations for loan pre-underwriting, performing credit administration practices on loan structures, determining interest rates, conversions and pay terms. Formulate industry solutions to standard informal problems by identifying the nature of the problem, and obtaining additional information through verbal and written contacts. Identify appropriate standard operating procedures to verify corrective transactions. Adjust loan amount, closing cost, etc. on mortgage loan to ensure borrower can demonstrate repayments to loans in addition monetary adjustments are made to ensure contract falls within government, lender and banking guidelines. Inform all primary external and internal audiences of progress, changes, or issues, which could affect delivery of final loan approval. Maintained working knowledge of Federal Housing Association (FHA) loans, conventional, Veterans Administration (VA), Community Development Administration Mortgage/Grants (CDA), and rural development loan applications, Home Equity Lines of Credit (HELOC), and the cost values of the loans were valued at an average of $100,000 to $1 million dollars. Home Equity Consultant, responsible for the successful opening of the northeast regions Home Equity Department. Trained, and supervise a staff of 3 processors, and 1 mortgage consultant with offering the various programs, rates and terms associated with bank management, federal, and state guidelines and procedures. Certified Notary authorized to perform second mortgage/home equity loan settlements. Reviewed all documentation, and prepared final packages quality assurance review, and sell. 07/1995 - 06/1996 Mortgage Loan Processor
Baltimore Mortgage Corporation, Glen Burnie, MD
7/95 to 6/96 Mortgage Loan Processor Baltimore Mortgage Corporation 7484 Candlewood Road, Hanover, Maryland 21076 40 Hours per Week Salary: $ 38,500.00/annual Supervisor: Liz Collins 301-***-**** Serve as a Loan Review Specialist and Credit Analyst for the review of loan applications. Responsible for establishing bank management processes and procedures for identifying, monitoring and controlling credit risks associated with loan pipelines. Formulate industry solutions to standard informal problems by identifying the nature of the problem, and obtaining additional information through verbal and written contacts. Identify appropriate standard operating procedures to verify corrective transactions. Inform all primary external and internal audiences of progress, changes, or issues, which could affect delivery of final loan approval. Maintained working knowledge of Federal Housing Association (FHA) loans, conventional, Veterans Administration (VA), Community Development Administration Mortgage/Grants (CDA), and rural development loan applications, Home Equity Lines of Credit (HELOC), and the cost values of the loans were valued at an average of $100,000 to $1 million dollars. 07/1993 - 01/1995 Loan Analyst
First National Mortgage Corporation, Inc, Glen Burnie, MD 7/93 to 1/95 Loan Analyst First National Mortgage Corporation, Inc. 6704 Curtis Court, Glen Burnie, MD 19087 40 Hours per Week Salary: $ 34,000.00/annual Supervisor: David Baca 301-***-**** Serve as a Loan Review Specialist and Credit Analyst for the review of loan applications. Responsible for establishing bank management processes and procedures for identifying, monitoring and controlling credit risks associated with loan pipelines. Formulate industry solutions to standard informal problems by identifying the nature of the problem, and obtaining additional information through verbal and written contacts. Identify appropriate standard operating procedures to verify corrective transactions. Inform all primary external and internal audiences of progress, changes, or issues, which could affect delivery of final loan approval. Maintained working knowledge of Federal Housing Association
(FHA) loans, conventional, Veterans Administration (VA), Community Development Administration Mortgage/Grants (CDA), and rural development loan applications, Home Equity Lines of Credit (HELOC), and the cost values of the loans were valued at an average of $100,000 to $3.4 million dollars. 05/1992 - 06/1993 Senior Mortgage Loan Analyst
Meridian Mortgage Corporation, Wayne, PA
5/92 to 6/93 Senior Mortgage Loan Analyst (Employee Loans-Confidentiality Clause Position) Meridian Mortgage Corporation Two Devon Square 744 West Lancaster Avenue Salary: $ 32,700.00 Wayne, PA 19087 800-***-**** Employed in the Residential Operations Group, the ultimate responsibility of my position was
"Confidentiality." I was the principal Mortgage Loan Consultant responsible for the timely, accurate completion and review of applications, processing, underwriting, and facilitating timely closing of all employee mortgage loans (countrywide-7 state location). Maintain effective and timely communication with the appropriate internal and external parties associated with mortgage loans to ensure coordination and exchange of information for ultimately accomplishing the timely closing of employee's mortgage loans. Responsible for the quality control of loan files from employee application to settlement, which includes: initial submission and final underwriting, setup and integrity of data in mortgage software systems, review of transaction to ensure loans meet all product eligibility and underwriting conditions, confirmation of closing conditions, establish, procure and evaluate all loan documentation. Identify appropriate standard operating procedures to verify corrective transactions. Inform all primary external and internal audiences of progress, changes, or issues, which could affect delivery of final loan approval. Maintained working knowledge of Federal Housing Association (FHA) loans, conventional, Veterans Administration (VA), Community Development Administration Mortgage/Grants (CDA), and rural development loan applications, Home Equity Lines of Credit (HELOC), and the cost values of the loans were valued at an average of $100,000 to $3.4 million dollars.
09/1989 - 04/1992 Loan Processor
Phoenix Financial Group, Inc, Bensalem, PA
9/89 to 4/92 Loan Processor Phoenix Financial Group, Inc. Bensalem, PA Salary: $ 28,000.00 Verify date submitted by loan applicants for mortgage loans. Communicate with applicants, credit bureaus, appraiser, employers, and title companies to verify loan information. Post Closing, Supervisor Primary individual accountable for the ordering of all closing documentation, and scheduling of closing for applicants, title companies, and investors. Confirm all outstanding underwriting conditions (i.e. funds, insurance, and title work) were satisfied prior to, or the settlement table. Post Auditing, Supervisor (Quality Control) Selected to review, and confirm all loan packages from all company wide settlements were complete with borrowers, shareholder, title companies, and lawyer's signature. Verify and certify, all documents from all settlements in chronicle order, each document accounted for, and the correct amount of funds were distributed to the proper individuals. 03/1988 - 04/1989 Office Manager
Industrial Metals, Inc, Philadelphia, MD
3/88 to 4/89 Office Manager Industrial Metals, Inc Philadelphia, PA Salary: $ 23,500.00 Assist company with automation of metal sales contracts. Supervised and assisted with the operations of data processing, and switchboard operations. Served as Executive Secretary to the Vice President of Sales, and assisted the Vice- Chairman of the company with weekly budgeting reports. Assist the company Controller, during the company's monthly and year-end closing, which required general bookkeeping knowledge.
01/1987 - 02/1988 Loan Processor
Household Bank International, Columbus, OH
1/87 to 2/88 Loan Processor Household Bank International Columbus, OH Salary: $ 19,000.00 Verify personal information submitted by mortgage loan applicants, request any pertinent data necessary to prepare loan for underwriting submission. Assigned to two Mortgage Loan Officers housed in Dayton, Ohio location, requiring regular bi-weekly traveling to review pipeline status, and attend mortgage settlements. Responsible to ensure all closing documents were prepare properly, disbursement of fund checks print correctly, and close mortgage loans for investor sales.
07/1986 - 01/1987 Loan Processor
Brokers Mutual, Columbus, OH
7/86 to 1/87 Loan Processor Brokers Mutual Columbus, OH Salary: $ 15, 000.00 Setup loan documentation in files, by collecting information necessary for submission to our underwriters located in Cincinnati, Ohio. Order appraisal, termite inspections, and other items requested from underwriting. Collectively communicate with borrowers, title companies, Realtors, and investors to schedule settlements. 05/1981 - 04/1983 Customer Service Clerk
AAFES, Wrightstown, NJ
5/81 to 4/83 Pay Plan: HPP Grade: 03 Customer Service Clerk Army and Air Force Exchange Services McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey 08641 Salary: $ 9,090.00 Using salesmanship and courtesy, use strong-skill set in suggestive selling techniques for add on sales. Operate a cash register, balance daily financial transactions. Perform and practice loss prevention retail procedures. Placing customers first by consistently keeping the customer interest a priority. Obtain and provide sociable personal and customer service character and knowledge of AAFES/Retail policies and business procedures. I received a proficiency award certificate, December 30, 1981.
Administration/Public Administration
Master's Degree
University of Phoenix, MD
Human Resources Management
Specialized Degree (e.g. MD, DDS)
University of Phoenix, MD
Business Management
Bachelor's Degree
University of Phoenix, MD
Academic
High School Diploma
Martin Luther King High School, PA
Liberal Arts
Associate's Degree
Burlington County College, MD
03/1997 Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corporation
MGIC
03/1997 Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corporation
MGIC
11/1992 Pennsylvania Mortgage Bankers
Pennsylvania Mortgage Bankers
Occupational Licenses, Certificates and Training
Honors & Activities
Win 98-XP Professional, Excel, Access, Netscape, MS Power Point, Lotus Notes, Quick Books, Micro Fiche, Omnis, 55 wpm, QuickBooks
Additional Information
Organization Affiliation
Detailed References
References Available on Request
Education History
Contact this candidate