Shannon Klebe
**/**/****
*** * ******* ** #*, Orlando 32803, United States 630-***-**** ad8mkc@r.postjobfree.com Work experience
**/**** – 08/2024 WINTER SPRINGS, FL
Retail Operations Manager
Ulta Beauty
Oversaw daily merchandising opportunities to
achieve daily sales goals.
Prioritized and executed operational tasks,
including brand realignments, product and
marketing resets, cycle counts, return to vendors, and inventory adjustments.
Maintained top in the district for operational goals, and achieved yearly shrink goal.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to plan
and execute successful promotional events,
resulting in being a top performing store within
the company.
Implemented an efficient inventory control system
to ensure optimal stock levels and replenishment
of items.
Demonstrated excellence in sustaining
administrative office duties.
Demonstrated meticulous management of weekly
payroll processes.
Trained and developed other Operations Managers,
Merchandise Managers, and General Managers
within the district.
04/2023 – 08/2023 ORLANDO, FL
Merchandise Service Coordinator
Ulta Beauty
Processed and executed weekly truck shipments
efficiently and within time goals.
Prioritized and executed operational tasks,
including brand realignments, product and
marketing resets, cycle counts, return to vendors, and inventory adjustments.
Coached and developed task associates within their roles and setting them up for growth success.
Communicated and collaborated with other
members of leadership to achieve goals, execute
tasks, and drive associate growth.
Made timely decisions and used creativity to flex
products and maximize inventory on the floor.
Consistently created Pick Lists to replenish
inventory on the floor and record inaccuracies in
"on hand" product counts.
01/2021 – 04/2023 HOPKINSVILLE, KY
Merchandise Service Coordinator
Ulta Beauty
Delivered product demonstrations and sample
applications, raising exposure of key brands.
Work experience
Offered make-up tips and popular tutorials in
alignment with latest trends.
Arranged merchandise to present visually
appealing displays and attract guests.
Executed planogram and ad sets according to store
standards. Ordered missing fixtures and graphics.
Provided guest service on the registers, offering the Ulta Rewards card and consistently meeting goals
for the Ulta Loyalty Reward program.
Created employee schedules that stayed within
payroll budget.
Trained in executing the Monthly Business Report.
Trained new employees to be proficient in store
standards and task duties.
Performed weekly inventory adjustments, return to
vendor tasks, and cycle counts, resulting in a 52% increase in cycle counts vs. inventory adjustments. Protected store assets and inventory via loss
prevention procedures. Proficient in Auror
reporting.
Maintained professional demeanor by staying calm
while addressing unhappy or angry customers.
Defined clear targets and objectives and
communicated to other team members.
Opened and closed location and monitored shift
changes to uphold successful operations strategies and maximize business success.
Cultivated positive rapport with fellow employees
to boost company morale and promote employee
retention.
05/2008 – PRESENT NAPERVILLE, IL
Artist
Self-employed
Created materials and supply requisitions for
projects.
Communicated in English by speaking, reading and
writing.
Prepared surfaces for paint using pneumatic,
mechanical and hand sanding methods.
Tackled challenges and problem solve with strong
sense of ownership.
Demonstrated interpersonal and communication
skills, both written and verbal.
Marketed completed work and availability of
commissions using several social media platforms.
02/2018 – 10/2019 CHICAGO, IL
Social Media Manager
Futurgarb
Served as primary liaison for digital and social
media.
Work experience
Measured success of every social media channel
and acted on measured information by.
Participated in store opening and closing activities. Demonstrated keen attention to detail and passion
for good work.
Developed content for social media and marketing
materials.
Developed and executed fashion spreads, and
photographed models for social media, email, and
marketing campaigns.
Created appropriate content for events, programs,
displays and communications.
Worked the register, including providing customer
service, checking inventory, and checking out
customers while providing correct change.
04/2007 – 09/2008 ANGOLA, IN
Activities Coordinator
Northern Lakes Nursing & Rehabilitation
Center
Participated in staff meetings to support key
functions within Center.
Identified and collaborated with community
partners to create and facilitate additional
activities.
Demonstrated communication and relationship
building skills with residents.
Interacted with guests in friendly and professional manner.
Promoted organization and its activities in
community.
Helped with gardening and general upkeep of
activities area.
Set up and cleaned up supplies and areas for
programs.
Planned and scheduled a Center activities calender monthly for residents.
Education
08/2002 – 05/2006 ANGOLA, IN
Angola High School
Skills
English Speaking
Spanish
Registers
Guest Services
Scheduling
Time Management
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
Inventory
Team Lead
Adaptability
Ownership
Cash Handling
Skills
Teamwork
Organizing
Policies
Creativity
Communication
UKG Pro
Power BI
Training
Contact this candidate