Randy Orengo
**** *** ** **
Winter Haven, FL ***81 863-***-****
ad8nbi@r.postjobfree.com
Qualifications
Knowledge as a Customer Service Rep, Lead Operations Manager, Assistant Supervisor, Building Floor Supervisor, Logistics Supervisor, Labeling Pick & Pack Shipping and Receiving, Inventory Supervisor, Claims Department, Accounting Paperwork processor checking (P.O.D's) Proof of Delivery, Morning load-out inspecting outgoing product, Truck Driver up to 27 Foot Box Truck, Forklift Operator. I can work independently and, in a team, as I like to problem solve. I Have the ability to grasp things very quickly. I have worked in different areas of many different companies. I am very outgoing and not afraid of new challenges. Reliable, punctual, with strong customer service skills and the ability to maintain a satisfied relationship.
● Experience
September 2021- February 2024
Mizkan America FL- Warehouse lead/Supervisor
• Ensure that all inbounds and outbounds are identified properly and staged.
• Assist employees with work process problems.
• Identify workload of all given areas and shift personnel to areas where additional personnel are needed.
• Monthly Cycle count to assure inventory accuracy on year-end inventory.
• Communicate with CRS Reps if any discrepancy or shortages are identified on customer orders.
• Schedule loads with carriers.
Nov 2018-Jan 2020
Glendale Warehouse Corp NJ- Warehouse Operations Manager
● Ensure that all inbounds and outbounds are identified properly and staged.
● Assist employees with work process problems
● Identify workload of all given areas and shift personnel to areas where additional personnel is needed
● Ability to prioritize workflow and communicate priorities effectively with supervisors and, thereby, inbound and outbound clerks
● If any issues occurred, I would problem solve it immediately to ensure everything is in a timely manner.
● Ensure that all BRC food safety requirements are being met by all warehouse personnel checking on Bugs, water damage and how the product arrived at our facility. June 2016 – September 2018
Panapina, Fashion Company NJ- Operations Inbound Manager
● Ensure that all inbound products are ready for inventory for high end clients Assist inbound supervisors with identifying work procedures in a priority manner and expedite workflow
● Ability to prioritize workflow and communicate priorities effectively with inbound supervisors and, thereby, inbound clerks
● Identify workload of all given areas and shift personnel to areas where additional personnel is needed
● Issues written and oral instructions
● Examine work for exactness, neatness, and conformance to policies and procedures
● Study and standardize procedures to improve efficiency of workers
● Maintain harmony among workers and resolves grievances
● Assist employees with work process problems
March 2011-2016
United Group Home Delivery NJ - Operations Manager
● Ensure sure team carriers about 40 in count were prepared and Organized to succeed Day-to-Day Operations and task
● I would advise team in successfully complete task and would collect route manifest and (P.O.D's) Proof of Delivery from each driver to provide to company proof of work in order to collect payment
● Inspected all trucks to make sure trucks were properly functional for use and D.O.T ready
● If any issues occurred I would problem solve it immediately to ensure everything is in a timely manner
December 2009-2011
Ashley Outlet NJ - Delivery Supervisor
● Route Team Drivers
● Dispatch/ Customer Service
● Inspected going out product in morning load-out collecting all (P.OD's) Proof of Delivery from all drivers to provide it to the accounting office to review in order to make payments to each contract carriers
June 2006-2009
AB&S Auto parts NJ - Inventory supervisor
● Stock product after scanning into company system
● Gave employees Day-to-Day Task
● Loading and unloading Pick Pack and labeling
● Maintenance
● Made delivery when needed in box trucks
February 2003-2005
Fab.com -Logistics shipping and Receiving Supervisor NJ
● Scan products into inventory system as we received and review outgoing products as they were picked packed and labeled for shipping
● Gave team Day-to-Day Tasks
● Made sure team reached company goals before company deadlines Software System Skills
RF Scan Gun, Windows XP, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook, Email, Internet, TMS.
Language Skills
Read and write fluently English and Spanish
Certifications
OSHA 40 hrs Certificate of Construction (Top 1 in Course of Class) Education
2003-2007
Perth Amboy High School - High School Diploma
References Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate