DONALD M. HELLMANN
*** ************ ****** *****
Chesterfield, Missouri 63005
281-***-****
ad8onx@r.postjobfree.com

To whom it may concern:

I am applying for a responsible position in your organization in the hope that you might have a suitable opening available for a proven and tested Operations Manager with a B.S. Finance / Economics Degree and over 30 years of Consulting experience.

As you can see from my enclosed resume, I have been instrumental in creating new levels of higher profit through my association with my employers and clients. My energy and commitment to bottom line profitability has allowed me to carefully strategize and promote answers to customer requirements including, a) unit cost reductions b) higher productivity levels c) increased throughput d) increased sales and improved customer service levels.

My major skills include the ability to understand and provide production solutions for Fortune 500 companies across North America and Europe. Improvements include areas such as productivity gains, raw materials optimization, staffing requirements, defining leadership roles and responsibilities, determining training needs and fulfilling these needs, motivational techniques, teaching problem solving techniques, defining the maintenance or operating systemic needs, developing the systemic element needed and implementing, conducting skills assessments, determining machine and process capacities and preparing cost / benefit analysis.

Among my leading skills would be my interpersonal skills and client handling ability. I have been consulting for 30 years now with the last 5 years being at the Operations Manager / Executive Level. As a co-venture with the client, I possess the ability to identify areas of opportunity as well as developing and implementing the solutions. I also possess the ability to create the vision of how the organization would look after engaging in a change implementation program through the implementation of systems and process enhancements. The behavior modification that takes place during the course of any change initiative is always the key to sustainability.
If you are interested in working with a top producer in these areas of experience and achievement, please contact me.
Don Hellmann Profile
Mr. Hellmann is an Operations Manager. In this role, he delivers projected operational and financial improvements in the course of managing client engagements. Mr. Hellmann has over 30 years of experience in successful step change implementation programs with small and large client companies throughout the US, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Scotland, Norway, France, Germany and England.
The purpose of each program was to focus on the clients immediate financial, economic and / or market needs. Specific responsibilities include development and implementation of Systems, Tools and Techniques designed to enhance leadership effectiveness, improve operational efficiency and maintenance reliability, and to reduce costs. Engagements include work in the following sectors: Medical Solution and Production, Pharmaceutical Production, Oil and Gas (on and off shore), Mining, Plastics Extrusion, Aluminum, Banking, Finance and Administration, Automobile Manufacturing, Transportation, Stamping Plants, Chemical, Paper Manufacturing, and Department of Defense (DoD).

Relevant Recent Client Engagements

Medical Solution Production & Packaging
Highly capitalized & highly integrated equipment designed to weigh, mix, fill, sterilize, and package IV bags was not producing anywhere near the manufacturers’ rated capacity. We were engaged to increase throughput
•Two projects were launched over a 40 calendar week period
•Implemented select elements of a Production Management Operating System
•Drove a 41% increase in bag production while holding both Direct and Indirect cost constant and increasing first pass yield.
Pharmaceutical Production
Led the highly successful implementation and delivery of a Production Management Operating System for an International Pharmaceutical Company. The objective was to assist the client in meeting weekly sales objectives by improving throughput and first time yield. Processes included, weigh and mix, blend and granulate, compress, coat, hard shell and bottle. The improvements and consequent results week over week surpassed 36%.
DoD
Designed and implemented organizational footprint for major branches of the DoD (Department of Defense). This included Roles and Responsibilities, Position Descriptions, depot bench strength needs and performance challenges.
Steel / Aluminum
Defined / designed and implemented work processes and management systems for improving throughput and equipment reliability for leading producer of fabricated aluminum products for aerospace / automotive and canned beverage industries. Improvements reached 32% improvement. Improvements exceeded 30%.
Auto
Vast shutdown compression experience in the auto sector (8 projects within “Big 3” auto industry in US).
Chemical
Defined and developed World Class business processes (Maintenance & Reliability / Operations Excellence), metrics, responsibilities and capabilities needed to deliver significant business unit results for a major Chemical Company.
Food and Beverage
Designed and implemented work processes, system elements to support work processes and leadership training to impact behaviors and sustainable results. Improvements included 30% improvement in productivity, unit cost reduction and customer service.
Oil and Gas
Worked both on and off shore with major Petro Chemical companies including international programs. The programs required intensive training for survival skills when out to sea. The initiatives included Safety, Maintenance, Reliability, and throughput in Barrels of Production. Improvements surpassed 25% while ultimately improving company net margins.
Program Initiatives entailed:
Developing Leaders for Leading C.I./Developing Vision / Target Conditions / Coached Leaders on waste identification / reduction
Developed and implemented value stream analysis / Horizontal Replication / Scaling of Improvements
Building Sustainable Change within organization
Results
Labor Productivity improvements of 22.8% / Resource utilization improvements of 34% / Schedule Attainment Improvements of 27% / Work Order Life Cycle improvements (Cradle to Grave of 17%) /. OEE Improvements from 73.0% -76.2% / Shutdown Compression improvements of 21% - Realized Annualized Cost Savings over 30 years exceeded $45.0 – $50.0 Million
Don Hellmann CV
Operations Manager
118 Chesterfield Bluffs Drive
Chesterfield, MO 63005
281-***-****
ad8onx@r.postjobfree.com

Don has over 30 years of experience in Implementation Consulting. Successful step change programs completed with a variety of client companies both small and large throughout the US, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Scotland, Norway, France, Germany and England.

Through the Analysis Phase, the scope of each program are clearly identified whereby the Opportunities are clearly established and agreed, the Approach to remedy in a collaborative manner with the client agreed and the Project Benefits and Deliverables set along with Timeline.

Maintenance consulting expertise includes: design and implementation of World Class Maintenance Techniques such as: RCM (Reliability, Centered Maintenance), FMEA (Failure Modes Effect Analysis), MTBF (Mean Time Between Failure), Preventative and Predictive Maintenance concepts, Cost Control, Inventory Management and Maintenance Operating Systems and Work Order Life Cycle value stream mapping including Work Order Identification, Work Order Scoping, Work Order Planning and Work Order Execution.

Operational consulting expertise includes: Organizational design and restructuring (including alignment and performance Management Training from the executives to supervisors), design and implementation of a robust Management Operating System, and Value Stream mapping of key work processes. Additional operations expertise includes Production Planning and Scheduling, Manufacturing Cycle Time Improvement, Materials and Inventory Management, Capacity Optimization, Cost Reduction, Logistics and Shipping.

Don has facilitated Performance Coaching and Leadership workshops at all levels of the organization on every project and is very well versed and schooled in speaking engagements. Don has spent over 10 years as a Senior Project Consultant / 10 years as a Program Manager, 5 years as a Business Analyst and 5 years in an Operations Manager role leading multiple projects.

•Developing Leaders for Leading Continuous Change / Innovation / Sustainability: - Built formal Performance Coaching relationships with client leaders and their staff so they sustain and perpetuate results through cultivating a Continuous Improvement culture
•Developing Vision / Target Conditions - Defined Key Performance Indicators, Short Interval Controls and Operating Reports which led to reduced variation and standardization in operational and maintenance work processes including productivity and increased asset reliability
•Developed and implemented the principle of value stream analysis - Applied these concepts within the Operational Life Cycle (cradle to grave) to eliminate wasted steps, time, labor and ultimately costs
•Horizontal Replication / Scaling of Improvements - Developed the pilot program for a smaller site and systematically implemented these “best practices” within a second site of increased proportions
•Direct Observation of Work, Work Design Improvement - Conducted analysis studies with client members to identify improvement opportunities and to quantify their value and ultimately provide line of sight to balanced resource loading and behavioral change requirements
•Understanding of How to Build Sustainable Change in Organizations - Defined and developed World Class business systems, tools and techniques including responsibilities and capabilities needed to deliver significant bottom line results
•Ability to Guide Teams to Test and Practice / Drive and Anchor – Creating and fostering an environment of challenge and excitement within the client’s organization based on learning and experience outside of the “comfort zone”
•Designed and implemented concept of proactive problem solving and continuous improvement: Facilitated and implemented concepts within organization by designing systems and processes that allowed for clear visibility of opportunities and encouraged immediate corrections at point of impact
•Training and Coaching Client - Identified, trained and developed a cross functional number of client personnel into a High Performance Work Team encouraging team involvement in every aspect
•Coaching Others for Performance & Problem Solving – Facilitated workshops & one-on-one coaching with Superintendent, Coordinators, Foremen, Leads Operators and Trades around concepts of TPS and problem solving including Value Stream Mapping, 5S, Short Interval Controls, Cause and Effect, PM Rationalization, CBM Techniques, Pareto Analysis, M.T.B.F. and FMEA
•Designed and implemented waste identification concepts: Facilitated and implemented concepts within organization by designing systems and processes that allowed for clear visibility of opportunities and encouraged immediate corrections at point of impact by members of the organization

EXPERIENCE AND VALUE

USC Consulting, 2015-2020 - Senior Project Manager / Operations Manager
Managed a number of projects in the Pharma, Food and Beverage, Metal Casting and Health Industries.
These projects included identifying process improvements, systemic weaknesses and behavioral opportunities. All projects involved identifying key opportunities, agreeing on best approach and achieving results through collaborative efforts with client team.

Evolve Partners LLC, 2011 – 2015 – Client Partner (Director / Program Lead Responsibilities)
Supported several Operational Excellence Programs involving two SAG-D companies across four unique sites in the Canadian Oil Sands (in particular Maintenance and Reliability and Performance Coaching). Don was appointed as the Evolve Partners Subject Matter Expert (SME) for the Maintenance and Reliability (M&R) work stream across all programs.

Parkwood Consulting 2010 -2011 – Analyst and Program Manager
Analyzed existing work processes including Time on Tools (Wrench Time) and existing Maintenance Systems and practices to support large on and off Shore Oil and Gas producing company in the North Sea and St. Fergus (Aberdeen, Scotland / Stavanger, Norway), Bremin and Hanover, Germany, North Atlantic (St. Johns, Newfoundland) and the Gulf of Mexico.

Centris Consulting 2005 - 2010 – Analyst and Director
Designed and implemented organizational footprint for major branches of the DoD (Department of Defense). This included Roles and Responsibilities, Position Descriptions, Work Center Identification and Development, Capacity Planning, program metrics, management systems, and tracking systems to address depot bench strength needs and performance challenges. Designed and Implemented the Project Management methodology to support teams within a large Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EP &C) firm in North America.

Proudfoot Consulting / Independent Consulting 1988 - 1991 / 2001 - 2005 – Program Manager
Developed and implemented Capacity Planning models for leading lime and blended cement producers in the world. Once capacity models developed, designed and implemented a Management Operating System to cascade KPI’s for each level of accountability within organization.

Peter Chadwick / Cambridge / Celerant Consulting 1997 - 2001 – Program Manager
Defined and developed World Class business processes (Maintenance & Reliability / Operations Excellence), metrics, responsibilities and capabilities needed to deliver significant business unit results for a major Chemical Company and World Wide Cement Company.
Accelerated time to market (cradle to grave) of developmental / exploitation and exploration reserves for global oil firm by designing and implementing program metrics, management systems, and tracking systems to address schedule conformance and cost avoidance ramifications.
Designed and implemented work processes to manage logistics cost of one of world’s largest oil and gas producing companies. Design and implement Maintenance and Operational Best Practices to support large On Shore Oil and Gas producing company. Practices included newly defined RCM techniques based on historical failures and FMEA logic.

DBA (DeWolff – Boberg & Associates) / Proudfoot Consulting - 1991 – 1997 – Senior Project Consult / Analyst and Program Manager
Defined / designed and implemented work processes and management systems for improving throughput and equipment reliability for leading producer of fabricated aluminum products for aerospace / automotive and canned beverage industries. Vast experience in the auto sector (8 projects within “Big 3” auto industry in US based on Value Stream concepts to improve units per hour / reduce cost per unit. Experience in Pulp and Paper Operations (5 Programs) – Programs designed to improve throughput and reduce cost per ton.

Yellow Freight System – 1982-1988 – Lead Supervisor
Front Line Supervisory involved in cross dock operations including improved time through break, direct loading from destination to destination, improved cube utilization, reduced claims on OSD (Over – Short Damaged shipments) and improved productivity of dock hands.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

Associates Degree in Business Administration – Lewis and Clark C.C.
BS – Finance / Economics - University Southern Indiana

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND ACCOLADES

•Oil & Gas work experience in the US, Canada and Europe
•Skilled in the use of MS Office (Excel, Project, PowerPoint, Word, and Visio)
•US Citizen with valid passport and:
•TWIC card
•HUET certified in Gulf of Mexico
•HUEBA certified in North Sea / North Atlantic
•Willing to work on platforms and have been on over a dozen platforms across the world including the Gulf of Mexico / North Atlantic / North Sea
•Full ride scholarship at University Evansville Indiana / University Southern Indiana for soccer
•4 Year Letterman and Captain of the team
•Nominated as Honorable Mention All American
Contact this candidate