Candace Beaver
Operations Manager
Spring Hill, United States, 34608
718-***-****
ad8ot0@r.postjobfree.com
I'm a passionate people leader focused on helping others grow in their role. I'm a data-driven, people- focused and strategic call center leader with over 15 years of experience. I aim to lend my exceptional organizational skills in a data driven environment to achieve results. I am skilled in multitasking, working under pressure and meeting deadlines. I enjoy demonstrating the capability to spearhead, coordinate, and implement initiatives at an executive level, ensuring high operational visibility and effectiveness through collaboration and leadership. Demonstrated capability to spearhead, coordinate, and implement initiatives at an executive level, ensuring high operational visibility and effectiveness through collaboration and leadership.
Employment history
Assoc Operations
Manager, Hulu/DTC
Disney Streaming, Feb
2018 - Present
Spring Hill, FL - Remote
Team Manager Lead,
Hulu, Jun 2017 - Feb
2018
San Antonio, TX
• Assisted the organization and hiring for a new call center site in San Antonio, Texas which included conducting interviews, making hiring decisions for multiple roles (front-line and escalation agents, leaders, Training and WFO).
• Collaborated and lead the first ever QA initiative and helped develop an advocate bonus structure based on performance for retention efforts.
• Developed and managed a now global Tier 2 technical team of high performing advocates to assist multiple lines of business including front-line advocates that service-impacting incidents, utilizing combined product knowledge across our streaming service.
• Coaching and development to establish and nurture rapport and encourage team building and morale.Managed global Tier 2 technical team, leveraging product knowledge to resolve service-impacting incidents quickly.
Escalation Engineer,
Hulu, Aug 2015 - Jun
2017
Santa Monica, CA
Resolve service-impacting incidents across multiple streaming services, ensuring minimal downtime.
Foster collaboration between Hulu, Disney+, and ESPN+ teams, enhancing cross- functional efficiency.
Lead a team of 10-17 senior leaders, ensuring accountability for KPIs and team success. Facilitate diversity group activities and community engagement, promoting an inclusive culture.
Coordinate with cross-functional teams to launch new features, ensuring seamless integration and user experience.
Implement strategic initiatives to unify Hulu, Disney+, and ESPN+ teams, boosting cross- platform collaboration and efficiency.
Resolved complex troubleshooting, billing, and device setup issues via chat support, enhancing user satisfaction.
Provided email and real-time escalation support for intricate viewer issues, ensuring timely resolutions.
Participated in internal beta testing for Live TV and partner add-ons, contributing to product improvements.
Handled executive escalations for the Legal team, maintaining high-level client relations. Supported team development through peer assistance and recruitment, fostering a collaborative environment.
Employment history
Team Lead/OJT Trainer
(Escalation Center of
Excellence), Bank of
America N.A., Oct 2007
- Aug 2015
Brea, CA
Education
National University, 2009 - 2012
English
Glendale Community College, Glendale, 2000 - 2002
AA
Fidm-Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising-Los Angeles, Los Angeles, 1999 - 2000 Visual Communications
Courses
2019 - Feb 2024
Project Management Certification
Skills
Microsoft Office Google Console Tableau Zendesk
Excel Canva JIRA NICE
IEX Airtable Five9 SAP
Aspect Calabrio Slack MS Teams
Jobvite Workday SalesForce
Languages
English
Delivered clear communication and set expectations for new agents, enhancing onboarding efficiency.
Conducted Quality Assurance reviews and provided actionable coaching to improve agent performance.
Organized regular side-by-side sessions and weekly debriefs to ensure continuous improvement.
Led biweekly huddles and 1:1 coaching for 15-20 agents, ensuring compliance and discussing trends.
Collaborated with top performers to develop initiatives that boosted customer satisfaction and morale.
Contact this candidate