CRYSTAL
MILLER

ad8p11@r.postjobfree.com

313-***-****

Southfield, MI 48076

SKILLS
●Contract Management
●Quality Standards
●Performance Motivation
●Processes and Procedures
●Resolving Complaints
●Training and Development
●Supervising Employees
●Payroll Preparation
●Safe Work Methods
●Balance Accounts
●Operational Efficiency and Safety
●Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
EDUCATION
River Rough High School
River Rouge, MI
College Prep Courses
qq1

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Accomplished Manager/ Supervisor focused on meeting customer expectations and achieving company goals. Drives success by directing high-producing teams while developing lasting employee rapport. Exceptional knowledge of cost-reduction methods and streamlining production processes.
Work History

Stellantis/ Securitas - Ops Manager
02/2024 - present

●Manage and oversee a team of 3 skilled Supervisors and security officers onsite for each shift
●Provide exceptional safety and security services for Stellantis DACM Mack locations.
●Responsible for scheduling and payroll
●Work closely with the FireMarshalls, do medical runs, assist with Escorts, provide new hire training, inspections for high theft prevention and post inspections

Mercedes Benz/ Allied Security Services - Supervisor
07/2023 - 02/20
●Responsibilities include watching the cameras that monitored the entire location from my office at all times
●Evaluated staff performance and provided coaching to address inefficiencies.
●Supervise 3 trained 4 officers whose job entailed patrolling around the building outsides making sure the grounds were secured safely.
● 2 other officers maintained the front desk and lobby.
●Once the officers finished their rounds I then toured the building after them confirming everything was clear.
●Maintained compliance with company policies, objectives, and communication goals.
●Identified unsafe or unhealthful workplace conditions or hazards to enforce safe work practices and procedures.
●Optimized customer experience by delivering superior services and effectively troubleshooting issues.
●Evaluated employee performance and coached and trained to improve weak areas.
VDart/Maryland Dept. of Labor - CSR( Remote)
02/2021 - 06/2023
●Having a listening ear was vital in order to better assist and diffuse irate customers and situations.
●Responded to customer requests for products, services, and company information.
●Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times.1
●Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
●Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns.
●Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.
●Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to the supervisor.
Bay Logistics - Supervisor/Truck Dispatcher
06/2017 - 02/2021
●Responsibilities include supervising a team of 5 hi- lo drivers relating to shipping and receiving
●This job entails greeting the customers as they enter the office, find out if they're picking up or dropping off, get the XPO # which helps to identify what exactly they're receiving or dropping off and where its staged on the warehouse floor, next I give them a glad hand lock, assign them a dock, radio and notify our hi-lo drivers if it's an outbound or inbound
●Once the customer is serviced, I then sign their paperwork updating everything in the RF system then in Clips
●Created and provided BOLs copies for customers upon completion of service.
●Updates are done daily into a spreadsheet for our Daimler racks into the RF system and Daily Daimler Smart Trak System
●Complete inventory in house monitoring what's being shipped out and coming in.
●All incoming shipments either go into our Smart Trak or the Daily Daimler, The RF system and Clips on a daily basis.
Comcast - CSR/Customer Solutions
02/2016 - 05/2017
●Responsibilities include meeting the needs of every caller/customer be it to upgrade services, downgrade, resolve every issues and concerns the customer may have
●By being willing to do whatever means necessary to keep and maintain the best customer experience for the customer
●Also being knowledgeable of every product and making sound precise decisions for the customer ensures that their needs are met with priority.
True Blue Staffing Solutions (People Ready) - Recruiter/CSR
11/2013 - 01/2016
●Responsibilities include providing temporary jobs for new hires regarding general labor, those with skilled trades, construction projects, drivers for warehousing, and manufacturing jobs for remote locations contacting employees on demand for short/ long term jobs
●Administered drug test, background checks, and present the correct onboarding process.
●I also use text messaging for communication to notify workers for jobs.
●Collaborated with hiring managers to understand job requirements and expectations.
●Developed recruiting strategies to identify qualified candidates and build a network.
●Conducted phone interviews to assess applicants' relevant knowledge, skills, experience and aptitudes.
●Conducted reference checks, background screening and other pre-employment checks to verify information on applicant's resume.
●Generated and analyzed reports to monitor employee engagement and attrition trends.
Infinity Corporation - Team Lead/CSR
02/2008 - 10/2012
●Responsibilities include answering very busy inbound calls from small, medium, and large business owners in need of advertising on Google with either Google Adword or Google Express
●Leads also called in regarding other things pertaining to Google and I assisted them and answered all question and concerns
●Schedule appointments, set up accounts, assisted in the training for new hires
●Monitored team performance and provided constructive feedback to increase productivity and maintain quality standards.
●Trained new team members by relaying information on company procedures and safety requirements.
●Before being promoted to G-desk, I was required to meet quotas and sell products weekly as I closed on the highest budget with a large business owner that brought in a very large amount of revenue to Google

WOF 24 Hr. Call Center - Supervisor/ Dispatcher
05/2003 - 02/2008
●Responsibilities include answering inbound calls and 911 calls across Michigan and all around the world including International calls
●Trained and hired new hires, set up meetings and schedules, supervised 21 reps on my shift
●For crisis situations, dialed 911 notifying the police and contacting the nearest hospitals for emergencies.
●Maintained updated and detailed records of calls in physical and electronic databases.
●Planned, organized, and managed work of subordinate staff to accomplish consistent work within organizational standards.
●Directed dispatching, routing, and tracking fleet vehicles.
●Communicated with drivers and personnel to coordinate timely delivery of goods and materials.
●Maintained professional relationships with shippers, receivers and drivers to increase trust, reliability and rapport.
●Processed invoices and payments for dispatched orders to provide proof of transaction.
CERTIFICATES LICENSES
●Google Certified
●Licensed Cosmetologist

.
Contact this candidate