Terrence H. Bell
614-***-**** ad8pgp@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Receiving Manager

Ohio State University 08/2020 to 03/2024 Traditions@Scott
Ordering of Frozen Foods,Fresh Foods,Dry goods, Chemicals, and Paper supplies
Assist in putting products away along with 3 employee. Clean.Sanitize and organize all freezer and walk-in coolers including dry stock areas. Ensure all products are delivered to correct outlets. Documented shortages, processed all invoices daily .Communicated with salespeople,Operations manager and Chef. This Dining Hall is largest on campus with 9 food outlets, Serving 5000 to 10000 students per day.

The Bluestone Columbus, OH October 2017- Feb 2020

§ Maintain staffing levels and coordinating scheduling on an event by event basis, dependent on size and volume.
§ Human Resource Manager for all employee needs.
§ Develop relationships with multiple vendors to establish inventory and weekly deliveries.
§ Liquor, beer and wine cost control- maintain proper inventory levels
§ Continual interviewing, background checks and hiring of personnel for various events.
§ Coordinating concerts from 500-1500 people. Worked with multiple promoters and national acts.
§ Coordinating weddings, receptions, and private events from 100-800 people. Max and Erma’s Pickerington, OH & Westerville, OH July 2015 – October 2017 General Manager
§ General Manager for 1.5 Million Dollar establishment. Managed profit and loss statements, equipment and maintenance for restaurant. Interview, hired, and consistently trained a staff of 70 employees, and 3 managers. Reduced employee turnover by 2%.
§ Monitored food quality and consistency.
§ Increased sales, guest retention and drove traffic to restaurant which averaged $2500 per week.
§ Developed and implemented incentive discounts for new business which lead to an increase in annual revenues.
Firebirds Wood Fired Grill Columbus, OH February 2013 – July 2015 Senior Manager
§ Managed new store opening along with associated marketing. Established a plan for local store marketing and corporate business accounts.
§ Organized and supervised daily shifts, ensuring proper superior guest service with staff at this upscale casual establishment.
§ Weekly and monthly inventory, continual cost control and waste reduction.
§ Established, hired and trained new store staff.
§ Continual hiring and training of staff.
§ Assisted in food and beverage quarterly rollouts. Cracker Barrel Old Country Store & Restaurant Columbus, OH 2007 – July 2015 Associate Manager
§ Responsible for scheduling of 124 employees
§ Maintaining cost control in food, labor and supplies
§ Continual maintaining of proper procedures and accountability throughout store.
§ Driving sales through consistent table turns and optimal seating while serving 9K guest each week.
§ Responsible for cross training employees in select positions.
§ Maintain staffing levels in hiring and termination of employees for this annual 4 Million Dollar establishment.
EDUCATION- LEADERSHIP- TRAINING
Thomas College, Business Curriculum Waterville, ME 1984
§ Aloha POS
§ QuickBooks
§ Excel
§ Hot Schedules
§ Staff Mate
§ Total Party Planner
§ ServSafe Certified
§ TIPS Certified
Contact this candidate