NIKOLAS BOULOUKOS
Toronto, Ontario 647-***-**** ad8qmt@r.postjobfree.com

OPERATIONS MANAGER
Logistics and Supply Chain Management Project Development Vendor Management
Operations Manager skilled in various functions of logistics such as: increasing daily productivity, employee training, and inbound/outbound product activity, specifically in the Distribution Services sectors. Ability to work under aggressive time constraints without compromising professionalism or quality of work. Recognized leader dedicated to training and supervising employees to meet company expectations. Trained in workplace hazardous materials information systems.
Cost-Reduction & Budgeting
Fire Prevention
IHSA Asbestos
Train the Trainer MHE

BRC Audits
GMP Training
Inventory Management

Canadian Food Safety
IAPA Specific Hazards
Conflict Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

BakeMark Mississauga, Ontario Jan 2018-Present
Operations Manager 75,000 Sq. Ft Facility

●Oversee 13 hourly employees and 2 supervisors
●Responsible for day-to-day operations
●Documenting and communicating progressive discipline
●Knowledge and completion of ADP (payroll)
●Implementation of policies and procedures
●Monitoring budgeted hours
●Maintaining quality service levels
●Liaising with colleagues for process improvements
●Resolving customer issues and inquiries

Burnac Ltd, Vaughn, Ontario 2014 – 2018
Operations Manager 110, 000 Sq ft Facility

●Oversaw 22 hourly employees
●Oversaw 4 supervisors and 2 assistant supervisors
●Utilized trend reports to determine labor and business needs
●Increased productivity by streamlining labor hours and reducing overtime
●Increased cases per hour from 90 to 104 for 2015
●Reported to Senior Director weekly KPI’s and throughput
●Achieved zero lost time accidents for 15 months
●Resolved customer concerns with on time deliveries
●Responsible for payroll of all hourly, agency and salaried employees
●Completed quarterly reviews of all hourly employees
●Liaised with transportation and Q.C Manager for continuous process improvements
●Utilized jet reports to monitor arrival times for inbound freight
●Collaborated with other managers to ensure department needs were met in sales and transportation.
●Monitored inventory program and ensured inventory reports were submitted and inputted for accurate accounting.
●Administered monthly safety meetings and audits
●Developed tools to monitor employee progress and track attendance and performance

DB Schenker Logistics, Brampton, Ontario 2011 – 2014
Operations Supervisor, 350,000 Sq ft Facility

Accountable for support and leadership of 40 unionized employees for a 350,000 square foot facility.
Utilized effective marketing and recruitment techniques to hire new full-time employees which increased receiving productivity by 10%.
Successfully achieved zero lost time accidents which increased MHE productivity by 30%.
Planned and implemented daily business objectives and targets, which aided in exceeding daily productivity measures.
Comprehended the importance of effective vendor service levels and compliance to meet and/or exceed specific requirements of production.
Liaised with client and strengthened business partnership with weekly meetings and collaboration
Worked with colleagues in other departments to ensure labour and productivity were met.
Utilized WMS system to track deliveries and orders for same and following business day.

Maple Leaf Consumer Foods, Burlington Ontario 2006 – 2011
Operations Supervisor 80, 000 Sq ft facility

Responsible for support and management of 20 unionized employees for an 80,000 square foot facility to increase working relationships.
Slashed current KPI by developing innovative health and safety initiatives among all employees, which increased KPI by 20%.
Communicated with customers pertaining to existing orders and on time deliveries.
Conducted monthly safety meetings and audits, in accordance with GMP, HAACP, and other policy and safety enhancements.
Collaborated with transportation department to ensure there were drivers and trailers available for deliveries.

Loblaw Companies East, Mississauga, Ontario 2001– 2006
Operations Supervisor 800,000 Sq ft Facility

●Accountable for the support and leadership of 40 unionized employees
●Successfully met aggressive timelines
●Implemented S.O.P for inbound/outbound resulting in 20% increase in productivity
●Maintained daily reports and employees’ files
●Achieved zero lost time accidents for 2 years
●Effectively managed equipment, personnel and workflow issues as they arose
●Assigned work to employees and supervised their progress
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING:
Conflict Management
Fire Prevention
I.A.P.A Specific Hazard
Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System
I.H.S.A Asbestos
Material Handling Equipment Certification
Canadian Food Safety Training
GMP training
Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (H.A.C.C.P)
OSG Train the Trainer Certification

EDUCATION
Recreation Leadership Program, Centennial College of Applied Arts, Scarborough, Ontario
Contact this candidate