Marilyn Hude
Milwaukee, WI
ad8re7@r.postjobfree.com
+1-616-***-****
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Respiratory Director
Lakeview Rehabilitation and Care Center - Waterford, WI February 2021 to Present
Hire and retain strong respiratory team.
Change and implement documentation protocols to streamline documentation time and provide consistent accurate information required by CMS.
Manage acute care patients and work with physicians regarding plan of cares. Trained staff and family members on equipment and respiratory technique. Work with liasson and administrative staff on referrals and discharge coordination. Staff evaluations.
Department Manager
Advanced Lifeline Services - Milwaukee, WI
October 2019 to February 2021
Provide and maintain the highest quality of care to ventilator dependent patients. Train, observe the care provided by a highly skilled staff of Respiratory Therapists. Responsibilities also include supply and equipment procurement, scheduling, hiring, facility liaison, and direct patient care. Key Achievements:
• Successfully maintain census by providing the best care possible minimizing the need for hospitalization.
• Reduced the number of respiratory discharges.
Operations Manager
AdvaCare Systems, Inc - Milwaukee, WI
December 2018 to September 2019
Deliver high-level leadership support in managing daily operations of the company, including managing the fleet of vehicles and formulating and presenting budget and inventory reports. Spearhead a team of 20 staff members, including dispatchers, delivery technicians, and warehouse staff while overseeing placed orders, ensuring completion of orders in an accurate manner. Drive the business growth and productivity with existing staff by streamlining overall operations. Deliver expert advice to sales department in nurturing and maintaining relationships with referral to improve and maintain business.
Key Achievements:
* Successfully improved moral and working conditions at branch by evaluating, motivating, and increasing productivity of staff.
Clinical Director
Carelinc Medical Equipment - Grand Rapids, MI
July 2018 to November 2018
Led and controlled all clinical operations within the company across three states. Supported in increasing census and decreasing readmission by developing ventilator programs and patient assessment therapy within skilled nursing facilities. Key Achievements:
* Optimized revenue growth by aiding in landing a huge acquisition of a major durable medical company that doubled the amount of ventilator business.
Branch Manager
Carelinc Medical Equipment - Grand Haven, MI
August 2016 to July 2018
Played a vital role in handling branch operations, including deliveries, clinical, customer service, inventory, sales, and liaison to hospitals, hospices, and skilled nursing facilities. Boosted productivity of the branch and established, improved and sustained relations with hospices to work collaboratively. Ensured quick claim submission within 15 days, following up with reports. Key Achievements:
* Enriched relations with the branch and referrals, resulting in strengthening the company standing in the community and developing new business.
Clinical Supervisor
CareLinc Medical - Grand Rapids, MI
July 2010 to August 2016
Developed healthy working relationships with referrals while working in sales and with other sales professionals to increase business.
Delivered educational support, such as in-services and flawless communication to answer questions according to requirements. Resolved patient issues promptly and orchestrated and managed respiratory equipment projects with very short deadlines. Performed diversified clinical operations, including reviewing patient documentation before processing, creating payroll for staff, instructed and provided patients with durable medical equipment. Oversaw rout and scheduling of clinical staff while evaluating staff performance.
Key Achievements:
* Provided training to other healthcare professionals regarding respiratory procedures and patient assessments with respiratory diagnosis.
** ** **
Additional experience as Senior Respiratory Therapist at Apria Healthcare Group Inc., Office Manager/ Lead Respiratory Therapist at Omnicare Respiratory Care Resources, Customer Service Representative at Priority Health Insurance, and Respiratory Therapist at United States Army. Education
Master of Business Administration in Healthcare Management Davenport University - Grand Rapids, MI
2013
Bachelor of Science in Electronic Business
University of Phoenix - Grand Rapids, MI
2001
Skills
• Clinical Operations: Motivated achiever with Active Duty Military Officer in the US Army with proven track record of employing clinical knowledge and skills to continuously provide assessment, management, and preventive healthcare services within various clinical settings.
• Healthcare Administration: Dedicated and bottom-line focused healthcare administrator with verified track record of securing high-impact turn-around results within large, complex, and highly-matrixed healthcare organization. Broad vision streamlining large-scale operations.
• Sales & General Management: Resourceful and detail oriented professional with excellent sales and general management skills. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with sales department to drive sales and business growth while managing a diverse range of teams.
• Key Strengths: Vibrant team building and leadership abilities with outstanding interpersonal, communication, and networking skills. Able to effectively manage change, cultivate customer, patients and employee relationships, collaborate with senior management to facilitate objectives. Military Service
Branch: United States Army
Rank: SSG E6
Contact this candidate