MICHAEL WHITE
**** * ***** **** ***
Ladoga, IN *7954-7218
Phone: 765-***-****
ad8rbg@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications
Seasoned highly driven professional with vast experience in managing operation teams, multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment while utilizing excellent written and verbal communication as well as active listening skills to achieve organizational success.

Employment History

Safety and Security Specialist

2022 – Present Wabash College Crawfordsville, IN

Direct safety and security functions to align key processes with goals and objectives of the college to ensure regulatory compliance.
Improve security awareness by successfully communicating with the student body and staff.
Gather information, identify and implement resolution, plan follow-up and communicate any problems with incident reports while successfully managing complaints.
Answer alarms, investigate disturbances and contact law enforcement and fire department personnel if needed.
Supervise risk management, loss prevention and safety operation for the college to decrease incidents of theft, waste and abuse.

Logistics Operations Manager

2014 - 2022 Perfect Transportation/Perfect Pallets Indianapolis, IN

Responsible for the implementation, growth and operational performance of the transportation/logistics team of 2 terminal managers, 3 dispatchers, 3 load planners and 4 clerical employees.
Communicate, coordinate and direct the team through effective communication techniques to make sure that the team successfully delivers our perfect pallets to the 58 printers throughout the United States and Canada in a timely fashion.
Listen attentively, speak candidly and insist on the highest standards to deliver our high-quality products, services and processes to our customers on a weekly basis.
Responsible for providing oversight to our company drivers to ensure compliance with company policies, procedures, training requirements, DOT regulations and other safety standards while also communicating with Human Resources throughout the recruitment, onboarding process by contacting candidates, facilitating or conducting interviews to ensure all DOT requirements are met prior to hire.

Regional Line-Haul Coordinator
2013 – 2014
Central Transportation (formally Vitran Express)
Indianapolis, IN
Assisted with the transition from Vitran to Central by moving to Central's home office in Warren Michigan for 5 months.
Responsible for the overall network planning and controlling the daily movement of company drivers and other outside agencies to achieve company goals and standards.
Managed cost control measures of 8 end of the line terminals and 4 hubs to minimize cost and to improve efficiencies in production, load average and terminal effectiveness.
Implemented high safety standards and communicated all aspects of the operation to meet and exceed on-time service requirements.
Hub Operations Manager
2009 - 2013
Dayton Freight Lines
Greenwood, IN
Managed Dayton's biggest terminal operation with over 130 line-haul drivers, 35-50 dock employees and 7 supervisors while coordinating continual improvements to achieve goals.
Observed, inspected and measured proficiencies in terminal personnel to determine changes in work practices and procedures necessary to improve the terminals operation.
Maintained superior internal and external customer relations consistent with company policies and procedures.
Service Center Manager
2005 - 2009
FedEx National LTL (formally Watkins Motor Lines)
Louisville/Lexington, KY
Service Center Manager
Used critical thinking skills to lead, train, educate and develop employees while motivating the team to strive for success by achieving company safety standards and goals.
Planned the daily manpower needs to ensure customers' freight was delivered and picked-up in a timely manner.
Implemented company policies in all matters including hiring, disciplinary issues and terminations.
Line - Haul Manager
Managed 60 Line-Haul Drivers, the evening city operation and planning/coordinating the freight volume at the Indianapolis terminal.
Field Training Specialist
Trained all Field Personnel/Management throughout the Country in various computer systems and procedures using methods that allowed them to utilize this information so that they could use these tools to successfully manage and supervise their operation more effectively.
Managed the Midwest Territory while also spending a lot of time on the West and East coasts since I was the only training specialist with an operational background.
Performed Terminal Operation Reviews/Post Audits and communicated these findings to management.
Built and maintained positive working relationships with people through effective communication and listening skills.
Operations Manager
Facilitated changes in the overall operation of the facility and utilized my past work experiences to create a positive work environment by using motivational techniques and human skills.
Operations Manager
1999 - 2005
Overnite Transportation
Indianapolis, IN
Directed Overnite's biggest Mini-Hub Operation in the Midwest. Administered and coached 25-50 employees in a 3-hour time frame to successfully achieve and obtain all cut time goals.

Inbound Planning Foreman

1996 - 1999
Roadway Express
Indianapolis, IN
Planned city routes for the inbound operation. Supervised and managed the satellite and city dock operation which included prioritizing shipments to satisfy customer needs.
Material Handler
1996 - 1996
Copeland Corporation
Fishers, IN
Received and maintained shipping products to customers. Prioritized and assigned itemized shipping orders to the appropriate workers.
Trained all temporary workers in forklift safety.
Director of Detention Services
1991 - 1996
Madison County Youth Center
Anderson, IN
Managed a 36 bed Juvenile Detention Facility on a 24-hour, 7 day a week basis which included long/short term planning, hiring, interviewing and orientation of new staff. Responsibilities included recruiting, staffing and employee relationships.
Wrote and incorporated a Behavioral Management System which produced significant improvements in the behaviors of the juvenile population.
Developed a successful training program for both new and existing staff and for the Indiana Juvenile Detention Association.

Education and Training
Issuing Institution
Location
Qualification
Course of Study
Ball State University
Muncie, IN
Bachelor's Degree
Criminal Justice and Multimedia Technology
Ball State University
Muncie, IN
Associate degree
Multimedia Technology
Contact this candidate