M.SENTHIL KUMAR
No */***-B*, *st Cross, Ramana Sree Nagar,
Bagalur Road, HOSUR-635109
Mobile: 093********. E-mail:ad8s9u@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To be a part or leader of a great team in an esteemed concern and to raise with the organization

About

Supply chain expert in Automobile, Textile, Telecom, and Exposure to WMS, Material Planning, Inventory control management, Transportation, JIT, Tracking, Vendor development, Negotiation,Procurement and Development of SOP

WORK EXPERIENCE:

1. REACH LOGISTICS PVT LTD Hosur (from Sep"20 to till date)
Warehouse Operations Manager
Customer: Coats India Ltd
Warehouse total area: 60,000sqft
Manpower handled: on role - 59, off role- 8
No of SKUs 5,000
Vehicle handling-14 vehicles per day
Tonnage handling-125 tons per day
Space utilization, proper binning, stacking, inward SDRs, GRNs on same day
Location planning, Inventory, stock reconciliation,
Material management, following FIFO, vehicle placement, tracking,
Manpower management, health and safety, attendance, MIS, 5S, Kaizan, cleanliness
100% vehicle utilization etc.

2. Self Employed (Aug 17 to Sep 20)
Supplying raw materials to Bakeries & Hotels in and around Hosur

3. TVS LOGISTICS SERVICES LTD, Dy Manager (Dec 05 to May 17)
12 Years 5 Months

Dy Manager Inbound Operations, Hosur -3 yrs. for customer Ashok Leyland
Collection Schedule
Following up with Various Transit Hubs(Pune, Chennai,
Coimbatore, Pondicherry, Gurgaon) for collection of materials in time
Vehicle tracking, follow up
Reverse Logistics-Vehicle placement for IUMTN, rejection materials and Pallets daily to Chennai, Coimbatore, Alwar.
Moving the Material thro Premium freight(Air, Train)when the material is critical to avoid Production loss
New Vendor development, rate fixing and follow-up for PO
Customer Billing, Payment collection, detection recovery
Coordinating with the Customer, Suppliers, Transporters and Transit Hubs and all other Stake holders, single point contact for project and customer
CL manpower handling and on job training, handled 10 staffs and 20 CLs
Review meeting with customer & CFT meetings frequently
Preparing Monthly MIS of Vehicle Arrival, Vehicle Placement, Vehicle turnaround time, indent vs placement, etc.
Revenue Capturing, Billing and Provision, Expense Reports monthly

Asst Manager, VFJ Jabalpur Operation, Hosur -3 yrs. for VFJ & Ashok Leyland
Trailer placements to for cabin and engine movements to Vehicle factory Jabalpur for defense
Market vehicles- truck placements
Maintenance of Cash for payment to market vehicles, per day 3Lacks
Accounting of all cash transaction and follow up for availability of cash for payment
to market Vehicles
Payment follow up with finance

Sr Officer Kanban Operation Transit Hub Hosur 3 Yrs. for Customer Wabco & Lucas

Officer, Milk run Collection & Out bound Opr, Transit Hub, Chennai-3 yrs. customer TVS
Collection of auto parts from various Suppliers, Consolidating and sending to the Customer on time with minimum cost
Window timings fixation, Route optimization
Vehicle planning, Vanning plan store wise
Coordinating with the Transporters and Suppliers
Schedule adherence
Entering the stock movement details in the Track and Trace Software
Planning of Local Milk Run vehicle to minimize the collection cost
Consolidation efficiency

4. RELIANCE INFOCOMM LTD Circle Office, Madurai (Sep 03 to Dec’04)
Operation Executive -Commercial Department
Reliance Web World-Madurai. (Dec’02 to Sep’03)

5. SUN SHINE INDUSTRIES-Mfg. of HDPE Hoses, Chennai (May”98 to Dec”02)
Accounts Department

6. AKSHAYA SHARES AND SECURITIES (Pvt) LTD, Chennai (Jun 94 to Apr 8)
Accounts Department

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

MBA-(Logistics Management): Alagappa University
Specialization: Warehousing Management, Rail Road logistics, packing and packaging Management, Air Cargo and Maritime Logistics, Logistics Marketing

B.Com. Madurai Kamaraj University.

Diploma in Computer Applications at Bietech

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Date of Birth : 03/04/1973
Marital Status : Married
Languages Known : English & Tamil
Contact this candidate