Chris Pustizzi
* ***** **** ******
Middletown, CT 06457
845-***-****
ad8ugx@r.postjobfree.com

With 30 years of experience in

Production, safety, and manufacturing management with a record for cost reduction and enhanced bottom line contributions.

Skills / Education

Lotus Smart Suite & Notes, ORACLE, Project 2003
Experienced in TQM, JIT, GMP’s, HACCP, SPC, Six Sigma, OEE and Lean Manufacturing Practices.
ISO 9001, 5S, AIB, SQF practitioner training and OSHA Safety standards and procedures.
Mario Umana Harbor School of Science and Technology
Certified SQF Practitioner
Green Belt Certified

Work Experience

Diana’s Bakery – (Coppermine Bakery) Oct 2022 – Present
120 Bowles Rd, Agawam, MA 01001
Title: Plant Manager
Responsibilities:
Supervise a staff of 280 plus employees, 8 department Managers
Forecast plant goals from a volume standpoint and drive plant performance forward.
Decreased down time by 10% by outsourcing equipment evaluations.
Develop and cultivate Safety Policies / process with a goal of decreasing TRR
Drive cost reduction practices in shrink, decrease packaging loss etc.
Mentoring staff for increased ownership and accountability throughout their perspective areas of responsibility. This includes hiring of new management.
Developed Management culture for a more cross functional team.
Enhance Safety culture, establish a safety committee.

Bakery on Main Sep 2019 – Oct 2022
127 Park Ave, East Hartford, CT 06108
Title: Assistant Plant Manager, CI Manager, Safety Manager, Project Coordinator
Responsibilities:
Managed a staff of 100 plus employees, 4 department Managers, 6 department leads in addition to manage team building and cost reduction exercises.
Developed and cultivated Safety Policies.
Drive cost reduction exercises in shrink, safety, packaging loss etc.
Develop 5 Whys to determine root cause for various projects and concerns.
Cultivated Management culture for a more cross functional team.
Enhance Safety culture.
Reduced waste / shrink by 55% through group Lean Principals and A3 projects.

H.P. Hood LLC Oct 2016 –Sep 2019
1250 East Street, Suffield CT 06078
Title: Operations Manager
Responsibilities:
Manage a staff of 100 plus employees, 4 department supervisors, 4 department leads in addition to manage team building and cost reduction exercises.
Develop and cultivate GMP policy with adherence to the milk PMO (Pasteurized Milk Ordinance).
Reduced valve expenditures by 90% by investing in product upgrades. From $35,000 annually to $3,500. ROI of 18 months.

Guides’ Dairy Feb 2013 - Sep 2016
433 Park Street, New Britain, CT 06051
Title: Pasteurizing / Receiving / Packaging Manager
Responsibilities:
Manage a staff of 100 plus employees, 4 supervisors (pasteurizing / receiving / packaging departments) in addition to manage team building exercises.
Refine pasteurizing process for PM management, drive inventory down by 55% for an enhanced plant cash flow.
Refine receiving process with contract suppliers for milk receiving bay allocation.
Manage total capital expenditures more than 1.8mm.
Facilitate UV water supply system for better pasteurizing tank utilization. (1st in CT) reduced pasteurizer DT by 5% and tank utilization by 10%.
Facilitate plant departments to meet SQF level II certification and SQF practitioner.

Chabaso Bakery Jun 2011 – Sep 2012
360 James Street New Haven, CT
Title: Production / Safety / CI Manager (Continuous Improvement)
Responsibilities:
Manage a staff of 200 plus employees, 5 supervisors (production, packaging, and shipping/warehouse departments) in addition to manager team building exercises.
Create safety standards regarding manufacturing policies and OSHA regulations.
Providing a commitment to quality by means of visual controls, communication, and a sense of urgency throughout the plant staff to insure an assurance to customer satisfaction.
Production CI by utilizing Lean and Green methods for cost savings, by means of team building and value stream mapping. Develop ROI’s more than $100K worth of savings.

Pretium Packaging LLC 1997-March 2011
512 Forest Road Hazleton, PA 18202
and
134 Haines Street, Nashua, New Hampshire 03060
Title: Manufacturing / Operations Manager
Responsibilities:
Influence safety, commitment to quality and sense of urgency throughout the plant staff to insure a commitment to customer satisfaction.
Manage staff of 200+ employees for production of plastic containers. This includes 3 shifts of production, Preventive Maintenance, Production Maintenance, Safety Engineer and Resin Departments.
Control and maintain all temporary and permanent staffing.
Coordinate new production / renovations throughout the plant.
Facilitate daily production scheduling to streamline production process and efficiency.
Ensure products are completed in a timely manner and meet or exceed company standards.
Develop and administer operating budgets for direct and indirect labor, sales forecast, engineering issues and plant projects.

Borden Pasta / Prince Jan 1997 - Jun 1997
1 Prince Avenue, Lowell, Massachusetts 01852
Title: Manufacturing Supervisor
Responsibilities:
Manage staff of approximately 45 production employees while insuring proper personnel coverage in production area. Reassign/hire as necessary. Perform employee evaluation and initiate disciplinary action when appropriate, coordinate with mechanics to ensure proper upgrade/upkeep of machinery and provide technical assistance, work with Vice President on budget planning, efficiencies and special projects.
Developed and implemented formal raw waste control methods for better ingredient tracking.
Compiled blend room flow charts for future project to update flow system.

West Lynn Creamery Jan 1995 – Dec 1996
620 Lynn way, Lynn, Massachusetts 01905
Title: Production Manager
Responsibilities:
Systematically troubleshot new UHT (Ultra High Temperature) conveyor system for increased production and overall line performance.
Manage staff of approximately 45 production employees, ensure proper personnel coverage in production area and reassign/hire as necessary, perform employee evaluation and initiate disciplinary action when appropriate, coordinate with mechanics to ensure proper upgrade/upkeep of machinery and provide technical assistance, work with Vice President on budget planning, efficiencies and special projects.
Shared new methods of management styles and development,

H.P. Hood, Inc. Sep 1982 - Jan 1995
500 Rutherford Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02129
Title: Production Supervisor and Plant Safety Manager
Responsibilities:
Created numerous safety programs throughout Plant reducing disability costs by 25%.
Manage staff of 40+ employees, maintain inventory of processing equipment parts, coordinate with vendors on upgrade of machinery, manage and implement safety procedures throughout the Plant as well as research and develop corporate policies toward OSHA safety standards.
Replaced flow valves to create a better quality and cost-efficient product with a yearly payback of $15,000.

Title: Control Room Technician
Responsibilities:
Pasteurizing and routing products to appropriate filler and maintaining two HTST units.
Contact this candidate