.

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Efficient professional with 23 years of work experience and a proven knowledge of team building, driven management, entrepreneurial leadership, long-range planning, knowledge of process improvement, relationship management, proven knowledge of leadership, problem-solving, workflow prioritization and years of experience . Frequently praised as hard working by peers, I can be relied upon to help your company achieve its goals.
.

+1-901-***-****

ad8ut4@r.postjobfree.com

Memphis, 38125
.

EXPERIENCE
OPS MANAGER/GENERAL MANAGER CEVA LOGISTICS AUG 2022- PRESENT
Monitor Budget vs Actual monthly
Review Labor Plan daily, weekly, monthly
KPI's
Flash report (weekly)
Visionary leadership.
Strategic thinking.
Negotiation and conflict management.
Team-building & interpersonal skills.
Experience in planning and budgeting
Knowledge of business process and functions (finance, HR, procurement, operations etc.)
Strong analytical ability
Excellent communication skills
Outstanding organizational and leadership skills
Problem-solving aptitude
Oversee day-to-day operations
Design strategy and set goals for growth
Maintain budgets and optimize expenses
Set policies and processes
Ensure employees work productively and develop professionally
Oversee recruitment and training of new employees
Evaluate and improve operations and financial performance
Direct the employee assessment process
Prepare regular reports for upper management
Ensure staff follows health and safety regulations
Provide solutions to issues (e.g. profit decline, employee conflicts, loss of business to competitors)

Operations Manager
WAI Global APR 2022 – AUG 2022

Coordinated employee schedules according to availability and approved shift changes.
Recommended employees for promotion and performed corrective actions to reduce misconduct.
Coordinated manpower requirements by increasing or decreasing personnel and overtime to meet changing conditions.
Notified employees of policy and procedure changes to promote overall compliance.
Organized workflow tasks to prevent downtime and production gaps.
Conducted employee evaluations and documented overall progress.
Received product deliveries and moved materials to designated workplace locations.
Assisted managers with employee recruitment and interviews.
Compiled company budget and expenditure information and notified managers of discrepancies.
Delegated tasks to team members according to individual strengths.
Set performance goals for staff members and helped teams meet important deadlines.

Picking/Shipping/Transportation Manager
JUL 2017 - APR 2022 FIVE BELOW
Managing 50 associates PLUS temporary associates Picking, Shipping and Sorting
Operation Planning of department and volume
Kronos
Involved in day to day operations
Coaching, training of leads, ee's loaders and wrapper
Pre-shift meeting
Audits shipping pallets
Safety audits Supervise a team of 40 employees (temporary and full-time) for Order Selection and
Shipping within a +1.7 million units monthly SF Distribution Center
Ensure compliance with established standards in the areas of quality, safety and employee safety
Identify and implement opportunities for improvements
Coordinate labor staffing daily basis to achieve financial objectives
Daily reports, emails, and EOD Scale system
Coordinate with transportation clerk, ensure loads are accurate and daily on phone calls

Operations Manager
OCT 2013 - JUN 2015 US FOODS
Supervised 15 employees in night warehouse cooler operations, ensured safe and efficient preparation of product for next day delivery
Oversee the preparations of the warehouse for receiving the next day
Involved in resolving personnel, organizational and equipment problems during the night shift
Interview, hire, review discipline and termination process for night warehouse personnel
Prepared various reports and administrative requirements

DC Manager
MAR 2012 - OCT 2013 KIMBERLY CLARK
Supervised a team of 70 employees (temporary and full-time) in Exports, Returns, Kitting, Inbound damages
Provided leadership motivation, training and development of work force,
Participate in the continuous improvements activities as part of the site management team
Ensured company policies were followed while maintaining a positive work culture
Ensured associates had the proper tools to perform their assigned duties, routinely inspected and maintained
Maximized quality and productivity by understanding job standards for each function, evaluated performance variances and initiated appropriate corrective action
Ensure inventory integrity by timely and accurate receiving, picking, shipping and inventory management
FORMER SUPERVISOR FROM KIMBERLY CLARK RECRUITED ME TO US FOODSERVICE

Manager
OCT 2008 - MAR 2012 ABX CARGO SERVICES
Responsible for the operational activities of +50 employees in a variety of functional departments within the Distribution Center across multiple shifts
Ensured employees adhere to standard operating procedures and policies
Provided continuous improvement in both productivity and quality
Managed, developed, and maintained Engineered Standards
Met all timetables associated to goals, resolved issues in an accurate and timely manner
Provided management with daily & weekly updates on goals, objectives, shift productivity

Operations Supervisor
FEB 2006 - MAR 2008 KM LOGISTICS
Supervised a team of 50 employees (temporary and full-time)
Provide orientation, coaching and training to assigned personnel on department processes and systems
Provide corrective actions as appropriate
Created team environment through motivation and positive feedback of associates and through active communication
Ensured housekeeping standards were consistently met

Assistant Manager
JUL 2004 - OCT 2005 ALDI FOOD
Manage the overall efficient and profitable operation of the store, Bank deposits, order inventory, scheduling
INTERIM POSITION AS LOGISTICS CAREER WAS RE-ACTIVATED

Operations Supervisor
OCT 1996 - NOV 2002 NIKE
Communicating and directing warehouse operatives through daily activities, workflow, and problem solving
Supervised 62 fulltime & 30 contract labor associates: managed departmental pay for performance program
Coordinated functions between departments to maintain smooth carton flow and clear communication throughout the warehouse management system
Ensured maximum quality, productivity and cost efficiency through the tracking and verification of performance tracking
Input Activity Measurement System (AMS) entries in the system as necessary and verify/reconcile labor hours with AMS entries

EDUCATION
Diploma
MAY 1996 Southside High School

Business Management And Human Resource -
Southwest Community College

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Warehouse Supervisor Experience
Word
Access
PowerPoint
SAP
LMS
Tandem
Prism
Oracle
WMS
Vox-ware
Kronos
Red Prairie Manhattan Scale
Business Management
Inventory Control
Recruiting
Warehouse Management System
Employee Evaluation
Logistics
Shipping & Receiving
Management
Warehouse Management
Forklift
Employee Orientation
Human Resources
Interviewing
Freight Experience
Warehouse Distribution Experience
Supply Chain
Certifications and Licenses
Forklift Certification


.

APRIL BOOKER
.
.
Contact this candidate