Chris Zimmer Corporate Photographer
ad8vgd@r.postjobfree.com www.ChrisZimmer.com/. 202-***-**** Silver Spring, MD 20910

Innovative photographer with a keen eye for composition and extensive knowledge of lighting and production to successfully capture stunning, high-quality images. Skilled in post-production techniques and coordinating all photography shoot logistics. Highly effective in communications with all levels of staff and outside partners to meet client requirements and deadlines and solve problems. Competent in numerous digital technology systems and photograph processing for print, web, and video. Areas of Expertise include:
High-Quality Photography
Portrait Photography
Technology Administration
Custom Lighting
Relationship Building
Project Management
Sales & Marketing
Adobe Photoshop Lightroom
Problem Resolution
Professional Experience
Chris Zimmer Photography Silver Spring, MD December 2009-Present
A corporate event and architectural photography company.
Operations Manager/CEO
Estimate or measure light levels, distances, and numbers of exposures needed, using measuring devices and formulas. Employ strategic lighting and angle positions to achieve desired photographic images. Review sets of photographs to select the best work. Transfer photographs to computers for editing, archiving, and electronic transmission. Manipulate and enhance digital images to create desired effects, using computers and specialized software. Adjust apertures, shutter speeds, and camera focus according to a combination of factors, such as lighting, depth-of-field, subject motion, sensor type and ISO speed. Perform general office duties, such as scheduling appointments, keeping books, and ordering supplies.
Key Accomplishments:
Grew company by 60 percent through innovative lighting techniques that produced high-quality photography.
Gained clients who tend to be perfectionist by producing consistent quality images.
Created a custom algorithm that saved time in post-production on 75 to 80% of event images.
Breakaway Holdings – DBA Homevisit Chantilly. VA October 2007-September 2009
A high-end architectural company.
Contract Architectural Photographer
Covered up to 4 properties on any given assignment day. Set up photographic equipment and cameras, measured lighting levels, field depths, angles, and technical camera settings to capture subject. Produced computer-readable, digital images from film for publication in print and on websites. Determine project goals, locations, and equipment needs by studying assignments and consulting with clients or staff. Key Accomplishments:
Maintained a high-level standard of image quality for long-term clients.
Maximized time-management up-loading finalized images from home and from remote locations during rush deadlines.
Created strong relationships with real estate clients and employer that continued for more than 7 years.
Homevisit Productions/Breakaway Holdings Alexandria, VA June 2002-October 2007
An architectural and real estate advertising company.
Senior Architectural Photographer
Created standards for print and monitor calibration for proper printing and display purposes. Photographed on location as well as became the company's "go-to" image processor for million-dollar properties that had high-expectations for consistency.
Key Accomplishments:
Learned about the importance of Correctly converting R&B files into CMYK offset files for print.

The Journal Newspapers Location October 1997-June 2002
A news publishing company.
Photo Editor/Staff Photographer
Employed a variety of specialized photographic materials and techniques to photograph people and news to enhance news articles produced by writers, including breaking stories, college and professional sports, editorial portraits, and illustrations. Ensured print quality for published photos. Performed maintenance on cameras to keep equipment working properly. Contributed photo story ideas in coordination with editorial staff. Photographed news, sports, School-related events as well as editorial illustrations.
Key Accomplishments:
Collaborated with writers to create photo assignments that had not been considered.
Maintained a close relationship with the sports and editorial writers.
Employed creative method to gain access to a closed-movie set, which led to producing a story and photo-package around the experience.
Education & Training
Bachelor of Science in Photojournalism
OHIO UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF VISUAL COMMUNICATION Athens, Ohio
Major: Photojournalism
Staff photographer of student.newspaper - The (Athens) Post
Contact this candidate