Viliame K Niumataiwalu
Aviation Director Flight Operations and Safety Compliance
ad8v0q@r.postjobfree.com • 951-***-****
LinkedIn • Riverside, CA
Aviation Flight Operations Maestro: Seasoned Pilot, Regulatory Expert, and Safety Champion with over 25 Years of Mastery in Elevating Standards and Flight Success!
Dedicated and vastly experienced Aviation Operations Manager with over two decades of combined expertise as Commercial, Management, and Check Airman Pilot, coupled with successful tenure as former Aviation Safety Inspector. Highly skilled in the management and application of commercial aviation, demonstrating a strong and clear understanding of maintaining elevated aviation safety standards and regulatory compliance. Exemplary ability to fly aircraft and execute all technical duties associated with flying at an expert level. Adept at meticulous monitoring of safety standards and systems, ensuring uncompromised operational excellence. Proven capability in effectively managing flight deck crews and adeptly multitasking to achieve flight success. Poised to bring extensive aviation experience, leadership acumen, and unwavering dedication to enhancing operational efficiency and safety in role of Aviation Operations Manager.
Areas of Expertise
Aviation Flight Operations
Aviation Safety Management
Aviation Safety Standards
Crew Leadership
Technical Proficiency & Writing
Aviation Internal & External Auditing

Pilot Training
Compliance and Conformance Assurance
Aviation Risk Assessment & Mitigation
Professional Experience
VT Supplies Solutions LLC
President/CEO
Manage the day-to-day operations for Export & Import of goods and products

New Clipper Aviation Charter
Director of Safety & Compliance Coordinator/Pilot
2024 to Present

2023 - 2024

Established a comprehensive Safety Management System and manuals.
Develop and implement safety policies, ensuring industry compliance.
Conduct regular safety audits and risk assessments for safe environment.
Oversee all safety compliance training and awareness programs.
Collaborate with regulatory agencies for aviation regulations adherence.
Monitor fleet operations, providing improvement recommendations.
Manage pilot records, ensuring regulatory compliance.
Operate aircraft in strict accordance with regulations and policies.
Conduct pre-flight inspections for aircraft readiness.
Coordinate with ground personnel for safety in aircraft handling.
Provide Safety Risk Assessment procedures and support as and when required, for,
●planned flight routes, considering weather and fuel requirements.
●monitoring aircraft systems during flight, addressing anomalies.
●Ensuring passenger and crew safety and comfort.
to ensure flight crew and operational compliance with safety standards and security protocols.
Freelance Consultant for Aviation Flight Operations & Safety Management Systems
2022 - 2023
Provided expert consultation and guidance in the areas of Flight Operations and Safety Management Systems.
Assisted in successful initial issuance and renewal of client’s companies' Air Operator Certificates (AOC) through conducting thorough audits and assessments.
Played a crucial role in the AOC initial and renewal audits, ensuring compliance with industry regulations and standards.
Northern Air Services Charters Limited, Nausori International Airport
Deputy Chief Pilot/SMS Manager
2020 - 2022
Accepted delegated responsibilities from Chief Pilot and stepping in to perform duties as and when needed.
Managed and oversighted the day-to-day flight operations office.
Managed and oversighted all flight crew training for both initial and recurrent training.
Maintained safety policy and safety management system.
Provided advice and ensuring compliance with safety standards for all company personnel.
Reported directly to Accountable Manager as Safety Manager.
Implemented system to promote safety management system awareness.
Established safety audit system and recommended corrective actions.
Conducted internal safety audits using internally developed checklists for SMS reviews, processes, risk analysis, inspections, training requirements, documentation, and records.
Reported safety matters to Accountable Manager and making recommendations to any manager within organization when necessary for sake of safety.
REAL Tonga Limited, Nuku ‘alofa
Captain/Aviation Flight Operations Consultant
2019 - 2020
Managed and operated Part 121, 125, and 135 aircraft for scheduled regular public transport and charter operations under Tonga & NZ CAA Rule Parts.
Committed and focused on ensuring safe and efficient flight operations.
Performed work according to project schedules and established quality standards.
Reviewed internal systems and organized training plans to address areas in need of improvement.
●Conducted thorough reviews of flight operations department to devise and deploy improvement strategies, ensuring consistent compliance and conformance.
●Coordinated and consulted as IOSA Coordinator/Consultant for Flight Operations Department, preparing for planned upcoming IOSA Audit for IATA Accreditation in 2020.
Civil Aviation Authority of Fiji, Nadi
Senior Flight Operations Inspector/ Flight Operations Inspector - Domestic
2010 - 2019
Oversaw general organization, managerial and executive personnel of domestic operators. Issued exemptions and permissions for all domestic operators. Assisted and conducted investigations on aircraft accidents/incidents/mandatory occurrences, compiling comprehensive reports. Monitored and reviewed aircraft operations conduct and assessed flight crew training standards. Controlled, checked, and issued approvals to delegated and authorized examiners. Reviewed and approved operation manuals, minimum equipment lists, flight and duty time schemes, training manuals, and amendments for all domestic operators. Conducted flight tests for domestic operators on aircraft for type ratings, base checks, line checks, and instrument ratings. Contributed to aviation safety awareness and education programs. Managed/assisted in management of Air Safety Department Flight Operations Section. Trained and mentored junior CAAF inspectors in Air Safety role. Conducted routine and special inspections and audits on local operators. Served as a team leader/member for the AOC Initial Approval, Variation, or Renewal Team.
●Ensured compliance with Occupational Health & Safety and Environmental Protection Regulations during audits and inspections.
●Implemented and upheld standards for domestic flight operations, ensuring compliance with Fiji Regulations/Acts, ICAO SARPS, and other aviation standards.
●Implemented policies, processes, procedures, requirements, and standards for Flight Operations Inspectorate and Safety Management.
Education
Mini Master of Business Administration
International Business Management Institute
BE Materials (Metallurgy)
University of Wollongong, Wollongong
Program Diploma Certificates in (1) Project & (2) Strategic Management
and (3) Professional Career Skills
International Business Management Institute, Berlin
ICAO CPL with MECIR
Civil Aviation Authority of Fiji, Nadi
FAA ATP MEL
FAA FSDO., Honolulu
ICAO ATPL
Civil Aviation Authority of Fiji, Nadi
Certifications & Courses
General Aviation Security Certificate – TSA & AOPA Airport Watch Program
FAA Approved Aviation NATA Online Training
Security Awareness Training
TFSSP In-Flight Security Coordinator
TFSSP Ground Security Coordinator
TFSSP All Employee Training
Supervisor Training (Reasonable Suspicion/Cause)
Employee Anti-Drug and AMPP Training
Blue Lightning Initiative (BLI)
022 TFSSP Cargo Security Supplemental
Aviation Security – CAAF, Fiji
Fiji Dangerous Goods (DG) Awareness Training - Pilot's/ Load Planners, Contract Aircrew Training, Auckland, New Zealand
Dangerous Goods (Hazmat Materials) Training (Cat -10), FLYCO
Crew Resource Management (CRM), FLYCO
Human Resources (HF), FLYCO
First Aid/ CPR Cockpit, FLYCO
Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System (EGPWS), FLYCO
Aviation Security Training, FLYCO
ATR 72-600 Performances, Systems, MCC Course, Asian Aviation Training Centre (AATC), Bangkok, Thailand
ICAO Personnel Licensing System Course, Singapore Aviation Academy (SAA), Singapore
Customized Air Operators Certification and Surveillance for Flight Operations Inspector’s Course, Singapore Aviation Academy (SAA), Singapore
Safety Management Systems Course, TACG USA
Certificate of International Society of Air Safety Investigators (ISASI) 51st Reach out Workshop, ISASI Australia
Safety Management Systems for Aviation Organizations Course, QSL, QSL, Chile, South America
ICAO USOAP CMA OLF Workshop, ICAO, Montreal, Canada
Certified Performance Based Navigation (PBN) Operations Approvals Course, ICAO, Montreal, Canada
ICAO Certified Safety Incident Investigator's Course, AQS, New Zealand
ICAO Certified State Safety Program (SSP) Implementation Course, ICAO, Montreal, Canada
ICAO Safety Oversight Audit Course for Flight Operations Inspectors, SAA, Singapore
ICAO Certified Aviation Quality and Safety Systems Lead Auditor Course, AQS, AQS, New Zealand
Aviation Management Skills Course, ASPA, Fiji
Instructional Techniques Handling Course, Air Fiji Limited, Fiji
Flight Experience
Total Flight Time: 8800+ hours
Pilot in Command:7000+ hours
Pilot in Command (Turbine): 5600+ hours
Second in Command (Turbine):1400 hours
Night Time: 500+ hours
Instrument Time (Actual):1400+ hours
Cross Country Time: 8000+ hours
Contact this candidate