Jo'Vonte Saunders
Georgetown, DE ***** - 302-***-**** - ad8v2w@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Exceptional Operations Manager focused on successful team building, cost-reduction, and driving operational excellence. Determined to cut costs without impacting quality of products and services. Reliable team player committed to building high-performing teams.

Skills
Multiple Department Oversight
Mathematical Calculation and Reasoning
Policy Development and Enforcement
Employee Motivation and Goal Setting
Process Improvement
Program Optimization
HAACP Training /SSOP Certified PIT/LOTO Certified
Conflict Resolution and Problem Solving
1st and 2nd Processing
Distribution and Logistics
Work History
Shift Manager C&S Wholesale, 6/2022 to Current Maryland, USA
I.Effectively manage and guide 163 direct reports including 8 supervisors.
II.Ensure the plant produces first class quality at a rate of 500,000 cases per week.
III.Lead the team to 97% rating on FSQA audit by implementing superb SSOP’s and enhanced checks.
IV.Reduced overtime substantially by reducing unnecessary labor and redundant tasks.
V.Increased yield percentages by reducing waste and addressing loss points in process.
Shift Leader/Manager, 05/2016 to 6/2022 Perdue Farms Inc. - – Georgetown, DE

I.Established and helped exceed annual budget with controls to prevent overages, minimize burn rate and support sustainability objectives.
II.Worked alongside management with oversight of division level managers, operations, sales, finance, human resources, safety and compliance.
III.Devised processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels. Accomplished by creating yield and efficiency increases in multiple departments.
IV.Spearheaded department training for new equipment and processes.
V.Effectively led 125 + direct reports including 4 salaried
VI.Meets all facility operational plans, to ensure yield, birds per man hour, pounds per man hour, line efficiency, CSI, QI Requirements are met.
VII.Ensure all associates are following S.S.O.P. Guidelines, and following USDA regulations. Ensure all orders are completed ahead of schedule.
VIII.Monitor supervisor performance to ensure all Kronos are checked daily to ensure all associates are getting paid properly.

Night Shift Manager, 02/2008 to 04/2016
Allen's Family Foods /Allen Harim Foods – Harbeson, DE
I.Guided and motivated night team by establishing and communicating responsibilities and duties to each team member.
II.Prepared materials for following shift. Provide and tools and leadership.
III.Organized shift meetings to communicate and resolve issues for night operations.
IV.Consistently ensure all safety protocols are followed.
V.Teach all new hires job training.
VI.Build and maintain excellent working relationship with USDA and government employees.
VII.Ensure all associates are following all S.S.O.P guidelines from Quality Control.
VIII.Led and coached 86 associates with no direct oversight.
Education
High School Diploma: 04/2002 Jesus Is Lord Christian Academy - Georgetown, DE Volunteer and Community Service
I am a minister in my church, I also volunteer weekly to help the homeless and the needy. I lead and live by the Golden Rule to " Do unto others you want done to you."
Contact this candidate