Todd Beeching

Cell: 470-***-**** **** HONEYBEE CREEK DRIVE
GRIFFIN, GA 30224
ad8zal@r.postjobfree.com

Background Summary

Highly skilled professional qualified by 15+ years of comprehensive experience and visible achievements within prestigious companies. Excellent time management and problem solving abilities: recognized by management and customers for productivity in high stress, deadline critical situations. Maintain highly functional, safe, professional work standards focused on quality control, cost effectiveness and workflow efficiency.

Professional Background

OPERATIONS MANAGER 7/2023 to 7/2024
SRS DISTRIBUTION NEWNAN, GA
Experienced in running the operations and working in a warehouse, distribution center, shipping and receiving department, or similar environment with similar responsibilities.High level of familiarity of the area and have the ability to route safely and effectively. Supervised and trained office personnel, total branch accountability during Branch Manager absence.

Insure branch is safety compliant and operating within the standards of the company by conducting safety audits and meetings

Supervise drivers, dispatcher and warehouse operations to include guiding, assigning and training personnel to receive, store and distribute building material.

Oversee the daily operations of the warehouse to insure that orders are pulled timely and accurately and that they are loaded and unloaded for the vendor or customer promptly

Oversee maintenance and operation of tractors, trailers, and forklifts

Track and administer hours worked for drivers and warehouse staff

Assist warehouse personnel in loading and unloading trucks using forklift

Manage all phases of inventory control to include purchasing, weekly cycle counts, pricing, review and disposition of damaged and outdated stock. Other duties include order processing, day-end balancing, and assisting with all other areas of running the branch.

Performed job site inspections on 5 drivers monthly.

LOGISTICS SPECIALIST CLASS A DRIVER 6/2022 to 7/2023
NEWNAN, GA
Conducted pre trip inspection of unit before making deliveries. Verified correct product loaded matches delivery tickets before leaving facility

Ability to load and unload building products that weigh up to 100 lbs. each off of a straight bed truck on a continuous basis operating a forklift or Moffett.

Delivered or picked up building materials to a customer's place of business or contractors job sites.

Managed daily electronic log for DOT compliance

Performed daily pre trip and post trip inspections on equipment

Uploaded delivery photos to ensure order accuracy in Descartes

Accurate sense of direction and comprehensive visual memory.

Demonstrated ability to learn and use new computer technologies to improve delivery scheduling and tracking.

BRANCH MANAGER 10/2019 to 6/2022
CONYERS, GA
Provided leadership by directing all branch operations, sales, service, delivery, and business development strategies to ensure the branch achieves the desired results. Built relationships with customers and vendors to directly increase sales through relationships. Directed activities for new store with a staff of 3 inside sales associates, 2 warehouse associates and 3 drivers. Managed 47,000 square foot facility with $1.2 million of inventory. Planned and executed company standards including communications, operations, and human resource policies. Maintained an up-to-date knowledge of all applicable state and federal laws and DOT regulations, updated staff on new guidelines, managed accounts payable / receivable, answered correspondence, tracked and monitored financial performance, and solved problems as needed.

Conducted purchasing, pricing, weekly cycle counts, reviewing and disposition of how to control the inventory and damaged and outdated stock.

Achieved monthly sales goals and quotas based on volume, gross margin, payroll, shortage, and expenses, ranking in the top 10% percentile of sales during pandemic.

Handled budgets including monthly, quarterly and yearly costs and estimates

Performed daily routine bank teller duties

Fostered relationships with customers, vendors and cross-functional team members

INSIDE SALES 6/2013 to 10/2019
FAYETTEVILLE, GA
Assisted customers with inquiries and provided all pertinent information. Researched accounts, answered questions, and worked with new customers. Analyzed customer requirements for future products. Answered inbound sales calls and assisted customers with building material purchases. Follow up with customers daily. Communicated information clearly and accurately.

Assisted walk-in customers directly, coordinate closely with our outside sales force, drivers and warehouse personnel to meet our customers' needs in a timely and efficient manner.

Developed new sales opportunities through calls to potential new customers.

Entered sales orders and cash transactions into company software daily.

Invoiced sales orders and purchase orders daily.

WAREHOUSE MANAGER 3/2010 to 6/2013
ROOFING SUPPLY of ATLANTA MORROW, GA
Managed 50,000 square foot roofing and siding warehouse. Ensured product was received/delivered accurately Performed weekly inventory of material. Supervised 7 warehouse employees.

Cross trained all warehouse employee with both roofing and siding components.

Achieved on time loading and unloading of material for customers and vendors.

Maintained accurate inventory of material with zero variance.

DISPATCHER 1/2008 to 3/2010
MORROW, GA
Determined shipping method for materials, using knowledge of shipping procedures, routes, and rates. Prepared documents, such as work ordered, bills of lading, and shipping ordered to route materials. Examined contents and compared with records, such as manifests, invoices, and ordered, to verify accuracy of incoming and outgoing shipment.

Optimized routing procedures resulting in a 15% reduction in delivery times.

Managed a high volume of transportation requests with precision and efficiency.

Resolved complex logistical issues to ensure on-time deliveries.

Provided exceptional customer service, resulting in a 20% increase in client satisfaction.

Additional Experience

[ Job Title or Position ] 20xx to 20xx
[ Company Name ] [ City, State ]

Education

Bachelor of Science, Exercise Physiology 5/1994
UNIVERSITY of SOUTHERN MISSISSIPPI Hattiesburg, MS
Awarded Athletic Scholarship.

Licenses

[ Enter the title or name of this item ], [ Name of this association ]

Honors

[ Enter the title or name of this item ], [ Name of this association ]
Contact this candidate