C H A R L E S R O U S E
601-***-****
ad9ax0@r.postjobfree.com
*** ******** ***],
Petal, MS 39465
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
General and Operations Manager with proven ability to guide operations and motivate team members by defining and communicating a clear vision and strategy to convey expectations. Holds team members accountable to drive results and remove barriers and obstacles. Seeking opportunities to achieve Lean processes and foster continuous process improvement. Demonstrates a flexible leadership style to foster team member engagement.
Operations Manager and team leader with proven ability to inspire a shared vision and empower and motivate teams. Develops professional rapport, effectively leads teams, and positively influences diverse groups, applying sound business judgment and influencing skills to meet and exceed goals. Maintains basic working knowledge of all operations with the ability to drill down to identify problems and take corrective actions. Motivated Store Manager with more than [Number] years of experience in leading all aspects of retail operations including shrink, customer retention, visual merchandising, P&L, and inventory management. Communicates objectives and visions clearly to department managers and drives performance by building customer loyalty. Able to train, mentor, and develop promising staff into effective leaders. SKILLS
Performance evaluations Budgeting and cost control Employee training and development Manage operations Improve performance Team building and leadership
Multitasking Problem-solving
Attention to detail Verbal communication
Cost control and budgeting
EXPERIENCE
General Manager, R&B Inc., Jun 2018 - Current, Collins, Ms Maintained an onsite presence to ensure the operations team met all company operational standards.
Held associates accountable for meeting established operational guidelines, brand standards, customer service expectations, and company policies. Managed the performance of team members, conducted performance appraisals, and managed promotion recommendations.
Mentored many entry-level associates to achieve leadership positions and quickly became a leadership trainer for new store managers. CR
Floorhand, Nabors Drilling, Apr 2014 - Aug 2018, New Iberia, La Protected customers' floors and property during operations. Supported [Type] operations by completing assignments with strong focus on quality and performance.
Carried out high-quality [Type] work with little oversight. Managed daily tasks consistently and sought out opportunities to go beyond requirements and support business targets.
Collaborated well with team members to carry out daily assignments and achieve team targets.
Gained expert knowledge of [Industry] operations, market conditions, and trends. Ordered, organized, and rotated supplies.
Cook, Provision Living Assistance, Jul 2013 - Apr 2014, Hattiesburg, Ms Followed specifications and orders, prepared ingredients and gathered dishes for serving.
Delivered orders on-time with a customer satisfaction rating of [Number]%. Washed, cut and stored ingredients at the beginning of each shift to be ready for expected customer loads.
Closely followed recipes to give customers consistent quality and positive experiences with each visit.
Cleaned and organized all kitchen workstations and storage areas before and after cooking.
Stored food properly and at correct temperatures, adhering to proper food handling and safety guidelines.
Consistently cleaned, organized and sanitized food stations, equipment and utensils to protect customers from the risk of infection.
Satisfied customers by delivering speedy and expert service for all [Type] needs. Carried out high-quality [Type] work with little oversight. Satisfied customers every day with fast, friendly, and knowledgeable support for [Type] needs.
Kept inventory levels optimized and supplies organized for forecasted demands. Prevented [Type] service delays by effectively using slow periods to get ahead of routine tasks such as restocking supplies.
Ordered, organized, and rotated supplies.
Helped managers improve area operations by sharing customer feedback and contributing new ideas.
Collaborated well with team members to carry out daily assignments and achieve team targets.
Managed daily tasks consistently and sought out opportunities to go beyond requirements and support business targets.
Worked with managers to address problems such as [Type] and [Type]. Bouncer/ Security Guard, ABC Security, Feb 2010 - Jan 2013, Hattiesburg, Ms Monitored entrances and exists personally and through the use of CCTV to protect against unauthorized individuals.
Patrolled the premises to identify and quickly respond to suspicious individuals or activities.
Brought in and worked with law enforcement, emergency personnel and firefighters to handle advanced situations.
Circulated among the building's visitors and employees, sometimes in plain clothes, to maintain order and protect property.
Taught new employees important procedures such as [Task] and [Task]. Supported [Type] operations by completing assignments with strong focus on quality and performance.
Collaborated well with team members to carry out daily assignments and achieve team targets.
Protected business from unnecessary liability by carefully following security and safety standards.
Carried out high-quality [Type] work with little oversight. Taught junior employees how to perform tasks such as [Task] and [Task]. Worked with managers to address problems such as [Type] and [Type]. Met targets consistently by working hard and with strong attention to detail. Kitchen Supervisor, Copeland's, May 2007 - Sep 2010, Hattiesburg, Ms Trained the team to safely and efficiently prepare food items for customers. Monitored the performance of [Type] workers and consistently improved the productivity of each team member with hands-on, motivational approaches. Acquired talent by proactively recruiting, interviewing, and hiring staff that embodying company's customer service-oriented values. Inspected cleanliness of store and operations to maintain compliance with food safety and sanitation regulations.
Protected customers and the liability of the establishment by keeping operations in line with health codes.
Kept food costs in line by minimizing waste and controlling the portions on each dish. Estimated the ingredients and supplies needed to keep inventory at the optimal level. Directed the safe preparation and delivery of over [Number] meals each day in a fast-paced [Type] environment.
Led by example as role model for company core values and company culture. Skillfully scheduled front and back of house staff by anticipating high volume traffic to deliver customer service levels in line with company standards. Protected business from unnecessary liability by carefully following security and safety standards.
Worked with managers to address problems such as [Type] and [Type]. Supported [Type] operations by completing assignments with strong focus on quality and performance.
Managed daily tasks consistently and sought out opportunities to go beyond requirements and support business targets.
Met targets consistently by working hard and with strong attention to detail. Developed and communicated standard operating procedures to team of [Number]. Reviewed activities regularly to identify opportunities for improvement. Ordered, organized, and rotated supplies.
Carried out high-quality [Type] work with little oversight. Taught new employees important procedures such as [Task] and [Task]. Kept inventory levels optimized and supplies organized for forecasted demands. Helped managers improve area operations by sharing customer feedback and contributing new ideas.
Reviewed the incoming orders and assigned work to the [Job title]s to maintain a demanding schedule.
Satisfied customers by delivering speedy and expert service for all [Type] needs. Collaborated well with team members to carry out daily assignments and achieve team targets.
Floor Supervisor, R&B Inc., Jul 1995 - May 2003, Hattiesburg, Ms Open and closed store and set up shop for each day's operation. Interviewed and trained new employees on how to improve shopping experiences by effectively meeting and greeting customers, providing product information, and responding to customer inquiries and requests.
Assisted store and assistant store managers in supervising personnel, merchandising, and product function.
Responded politely to customer inquiries and assisted each person with locating products meeting specific needs.
Selected, hired, and managed staff performance by setting individual and team goals.
Coached employees on cashier job functions and provided cross-training for other front-end positions.
Investigated customer complaints and offered creative solutions to resolve concerns and maintain loyalty.
Addressed customer complaints and strove to provide fair and satisfying resolution for each concern.
Processed freight, implemented price changes, and stocked department shelves directly or through team oversight.
Stayed current with all store initiatives and communications, sharing with associates as required.
Kept adequate products on selling floor by checking storeroom for needed inventory. Developed, enforced, and monitored guidelines for working with customers to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty. Monitored the work of front-line staff and worked with employees to correct problems and improve processes.
Worked with senior managers to forecast demand and optimize both staff coverage and inventory levels.
Trained and mentored employees to boost individual and team performance. Reviewed and evaluated employee performance and provided leadership opportunities for professional development.
Managed parts inventory and protected company assets by improvement inventory management.
Prepared weekly schedules for cashiers, maintaining adequate coverage at peak shopping times.
Worked with cashiers to resolve money issues such as shortages, overages, and Aug 1993
counterfeit bills.
Motivated staff to meet individual and team goals by assisting customers and upselling products.
Directed employees to replenish inventory and keep shelves presentable, consistently driving sales with attractive displays.
Kept store safe by identifying and removing safety hazards such as spills and blocked exits.
Worked closely with department managers to create cross-sales opportunities Assigned tasks to department members and assisted associates in meeting customer needs.
Communicated regularly with management team concerning all aspects of sales, customer feedback, and associate performance.
Stayed closely connected with floor operations by engaging customers and offering assistance.
Managed store independently in absence of store manager or assistant manager. Managed store operations and delivered excellent customer service to build customer loyalty and retention.
Toured department to verify compliance with standards and keep area orderly, neat, and appealing to customers.
Attended managers' meetings to report on inventory and sales for parts department. Responded to customer requests and complaints and resolved issues to customer satisfaction.
Recruited, trained, and supervised staff and evaluated performance. Interviewed applicants for employment, made hiring decisions, and trained new staff in job functions.
EDUCATION
High School Diploma
Petal High School - Petal, Ms
Contact this candidate