Aphrodite Tsavdaris
617-***-**** ad9adh@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/aphrodite-tsavdaris PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Highly organized and results-driven Office Manager/Operations Manager with over 10 years of experience overseeing office administration, streamlining operations, and managing cross-functional teams in a fast-paced environment. Adept at implementing efficient processes, reducing operational costs, and enhancing workplace productivity. Proven track record in budget management, vendor relations, HR functions, and project coordination. Skilled in utilizing software tools to optimize workflows and ensure day-to-day operations. A proactive problem-solver with exceptional communication and leadership abilities, committed to creating a positive, productive work environment. EXPERIENCE
Senior Executive Assistant 07/2024 – Present
Transformation Capital, Boston, MA
● Scheduling and calendar management, coordinate and manage complex schedules for 2 VPs and 3 Associates, ensuring efficient time use.
● Arrange internal and external meetings, including video conferences, conference calls, and in- person meetings.
● Travel coordination, organizing, and booking domestic and international travel arrangements, including flights, accommodations, transportation, and itineraries.
● Expense Management, preparing and processing expense reports for VPs and Associates.
● Communication and Correspondence, handle incoming and outgoing communications, including emails, phone calls, and mail.
● Administrative Support, maintain and organize confidential files and documents. Assist with special projects and tasks as assigned. Support team events and activities, including team meetings and off-site events.
● Office Management, oversee the day-to-day operations of the office. Ensure a well-organized and efficient office environment. Manage office supplies and coordinate with vendors and service providers.
Office Manager 10/2023 – 12/2023
Seres Therapeutics, Cambridge, MA
● Oversaw direct day-to-day operations focused on the attainment of key business metrics and continuous improvement initiatives.
● Worked closely with the facility team and maintenance requests, coordinating with building management to address repairs or improvements efficiently.
● Maintained office and lab equipment functional and supplies well-stocked to promote efficient operations.
● Managed office inventory by restocking supplies and placing purchase orders to maintain adequate stock levels.
● Worked closely with multiple office managers with all business operations as needed, ensuring all policies and procedures were followed alongside guidelines and were completely adhered to.
● Managed vendor relationships, negotiating contracts for cost savings while maintaining high- quality services.
Operations Manager 11/2022 – 07/2023
TreeFrog Therapeutics, Cambridge, MA
● Managed and operated day-to-day operations activities, including planning, and coordinating with other units.
● Facilitated the scheduling of meetings, calls, and other engagements, considering different time zones and priority levels.
● Functioned as the initial point of contact for external and internal correspondence directed to the executives, prioritizing, and redirecting, as necessary.
● Project coordinator – standardized, simplified, rationalized, and organized project reporting to improve execution.
● Developed comprehensive policy manuals outlining procedures and guidelines, contributing to a well-organized workplace culture.
Operations Manager 06/2018 – 11/2022
Galapagos, NV, Waltham, MA
● Coordination with Human Resources responsibilities, including onboarding and Off-boarding, policy adherence, and training in conjunction with Human Resources.
● Scheduled staff meetings, arranged meeting space or virtual meeting tools, developed staff meeting agendas and ensured that participants were prepared for the meetings.
● Served as a liaison between upper management in Belgium HQ and staff members, facilitating open communication channels to address concerns or issues promptly. Senior Executive Assistant 03/2017 – 05/2018
Change Healthcare, Newton, MA
● Prepared Word, Excel, PowerPoint presentations, agendas, reports, special projects, and other documents in support of objectives for the organization.
● Proactively and skillfully maintained and managed the executive’s calendar to optimize time and efficiency in alignment with business goals and strategic priorities.
● Active member of the leadership team serving as project manager. Managed office operations providing oversight and guidance for special projects and strategic initiatives that often involved cross-functional resources.
Senior Executive Assistant 09/2016 – 03/2017
Fidelity Investments, Boston, MA
● Backed up and assisted other administrative team members to ensure consistent, effective administrative coverage.
● Created and edited Microsoft PowerPoint presentations, Word documents, and Excel spreadsheets.
Senior Executive Assistant 08/2011 – 05/2016
PerkinElmer, Waltham, MA
● Assisted with human resources department with new hires, including documentation and onboarding, and collaborated to address and resolve all employee concerns.
● Oversaw daily operations in collaboration with senior managers and department leaders, and performed administrative tasks such as managing calendars, generating correspondence, maintaining hard copies and electronic files, planning, and coordinating annual corporate meetings, and scheduling facilities.
SKILLS
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Google Workspace (Docs, Sheets, Slides, Forms, Calendar) Salesforce SAP Oracle Adobe Pro Slack Zoom Concur QuickBooks EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Suffolk University – Boston, MA
CERTIFICATIONS
Certified Paralegal (CP)
Northeastern University – Boston, MA
Contact this candidate