Education: BSIT *σ Green Belt Certified Language: Spanish, French
OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL
Specializing in Automated Facilities

Executive Summary
Talented executive level, operations professional with demonstrated experience in managing fully automated facilities and all facets of information systems, logistics and distribution.
Well versed in distribution, logistics, accounting, and manufacturing as a respected management professional with a firm foundation in both warehousing operations and IT management.
Instrumental in setup of three new automated distribution facilities from the ground up including sortation and conveyance equipment. Successful implementation and creation of all process and procedures for the support of all necessary client requirements.
Full P/L and budgeting ability with a strong accounting background. Ability to negotiate with vendors and partner with internal departments to protect investments and encourage profitability.
Able to define, track, and report on key business metrics, KPI’s, and produce performance results. Strong analytical background of metrics to produce desired performance results.
Recognized for exemplary IT management of assets and processes with deep operational experience in LAN/WAN implementation and administration, as well as Telephony implementation and administration, including multiple-site, enterprise-wide VOIP deployment.

EXPERIENCE
Branch Manager
Meiko America Inc- Full Service, Value Added 3pl, Inland Empire, July 2018 – Present
Was recruited as GM to oversee Eastvale, 600k sq. ft. facility with multiple disparate customers.
Implementation of 3PL Central WMS system for multiple warehouses and JDA WMS for major customer.
Responsible for the overall performance of warehouse/transportation including operations, compliance, customer service, office operations and IT.
Plan, organize, staff, direct and control all facility functions.
Assist executive management in establishing warehouse/transportation performance objectives and strategic planning.
Accountable for achieving prescribed company objectives in regards to cost, productivity, customer service, profits and investments, full P&L responsibility.
Develop and implement appropriate Human Resource policies throughout organization, including staff selection, training and evaluation and benefits programs.
Direct, administer and manage all aspects of office and operations and work closely with the Customer Service Department regarding all aspects of account administration.

Operations Manager
Geodis- Full Service, Value Added 3pl, Inland Empire, May 2017 – July 2018
Fontana II: May 17- Nov 17
Was recruited for new customer startup in Fontana, 600k sq. ft. automated facility for handling Global Brands.
Instrumental in creating all process/procedures for most successful startup in Geodis history within the KPI guidelines contracted by customer.
Worked with LMS engineers to provide the best standards to gauge productivity.
Responsible for overseeing all aspects of warehouse operations as it pertains to inventory integrity, order fulfillment and the movement of goods in and out of the distribution center.
Ensured compliance with CTPAT, ISO, AIB, and others regulatory certifications as applicable.
Redlands: Nov 17– July 18
Moved to Redlands, 1M sq. ft. facility running three shifts for handling Spectrum Brands due to management turnover and opportunities in processes and labor management.
Within two months was able to reduce shipment failures from 8 daily to zero and OT from 15% to less than 1%
January was the first month that the building made and exceeded budget in over year.
Implemented a pay for performance project using Red Prairie that had been stagnant for over a year.
Project Lead to implement new JDA Work Force Management program as one of four facilities selected in the Americas to test system.

Market Operations Manager
Innovel Solutions (Sears Logistics) - Home Delivery and Installation, Mira Loma, CA Dec 2016 – May 2017
Responsible for managing the four wall operations of a facility completing between 45,000 to 60,000 deliveries and installations annually.
Directly accountable for the inventory sold through Sears and Third Party clients until the completed delivery and installation at the end consumer location.
Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities through payroll management, facility management, and inventory processes.
Ensured the maintenance of inventory bins, receipt of inbound goods, return processing, outbound shipments and inventory control.
Created and maintain an Accident Prevention Plan and Shrink Prevention Plan to ensure adherence to safety standards, reduce pilferage and maintain a profitable operation
Served as the principal business advisor for overall facility operating performance

Senior Operations Manager
CONTRACT LOGISTICS, INC (CLI) - 3rd Party Logistics Company, Ontario, CA May 2007 – August 2016
Partnered with customers to design and implement programs necessary to meet the customer business needs, using all systems, IP in AS400, HighJump WMS, eFocus FTS and Pyramid for sortation. Responsible for all aspects of operation of 500k sq ft, 3rd Party Logistics facility, including supervision of 6 executives and 200 employees
Developed and implemented processes that provided the greatest efficiency for Aeropostale West Coast facility distribution to their 1016 stores. Within one year of startup was able to maintain and increase efficiency to successfully process over twelve million units a week on two shifts.
Successfully conceived and delivered a facility wide implementation of processes to startup the distribution for customer Aeropostale.
Generated processes for receiving office which manage all inbound scheduling and vendor communication
Reorganized positions and setup cross-training in all positions to increase efficiency.
Responsible for allocated cross-dock and non-cross-dock product processed within two day customer requirement. Handled all inventory requirements, including cycle counts and yearly facility wide inventory. Last inventory resulted in 6 unit shrinkage.
Implemented new WMS for recently purchased GoJane.com ecommerce site. Processed over 10,000 orders a week. In less than two years reduced unfulfilled orders due to inventory issues by 90%.

Corporate IT Manager
CRYSTAL ART GALLERY, Vernon, CA December 1999 – June 2007
A designer and manufacturer of wall décor and wall décor components.
Charged with directing and delivering all corporate IT services in a LAN/WAN environment supporting 50 office personnel and 100 end users at our 4 manufacturing facilities. Guide the activities of 8 professionals providing EDI and administrative support. Recommend, procure, and implement all necessary hardware and software, as well as bandwidth upgrades on all circuits in an internal frame network and internet connection.
Successfully conceived and delivered a corporate wide implementation of VoIP.
Enabled WAN expansion to New York, Miami, and Mexico offices by personally configuring and administering the network.
Provided greater efficiency for Sales and R&D by implementing SQL Server and creating numerous databases to support their applications.
Promoted superior customer relations with leading retailers by streamlining the order fulfillment process, driving the use of EDI from only 1 customer to more than 30.

Operations / Information Technology Manager
HUDD DISTRIBUTION SERVICES, INC., Carson, CA 1998 – 1999
A leading, innovative, and cost-efficient service provider of merging international logistics services with national distribution services in the United States and Canada.
Recruited to become this high tech distribution facility’s first IT Manager and charged with establishing the Local Area Network of this new warehouse facility prior to its opening. Rapidly promoted to direct all warehouse operations as well.
Guided the daily activities of 6 executive staff members and 40 employees across 2 shifts. Directed NT server, SQL server and MS Exchange administration supporting vital RF, voice recognition, scanning and labeling systems covering 4 inbound and 9 outbound distribution and sortation lanes. Negotiated and managed all vendor relations.
Successfully set up and configured an NT and SQL Server based network of more than 40 computers prior to facility opening.
Developed and implemented custom applications from the ground up to support distribution applications.
Created end user documentation and manuals for a warehouse management and freight tracking systems still in use today.
EDUCATION

University of Phoenix
Gardena, Ca
BS Information Technology

University of California San Diego
La Jolla, CA
Premed - Physics
Contact this candidate