Gary Thomas
Operations Manager
Port Charlotte, FL
+1-727-***-****
Operations Manager/Flexo Pressman / Prepress artist with 30 years of experience in the Flexographic narrow web printing industry.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Operations Manager
LabelTec-Fort Collins, CO
January 2024 to Present
Operations ManagerPressman/Lead/Prepress operator
Action Label-Sanford, FL
January 2018 to June 2023
Responsible for plant Operations, including production floor and prepress department. Oversee a staff of 37 production employees.
Press operator
Southeastern Printing-Palm City, FL
May 2013 to November 2016
Responsible for operating & maintaining 8 color, all UV 21" Comco Commander. Producing unsupported film
labels for customers such as Coca Cola & Pepsi.
Prepress Manager
Printcraft Press-Idaho Falls, ID
June 2012 to March 2013
Provide direction to prepress staff with the objective of producing the finest quality printing plates. Keep up to date with the latest technology to best serve customer needs. Production Manager/Art director
The Graphic Shop-Saint Petersburg, FL
January 2010 to March 2012
Responsible for production of all prepress operations for various companies high quality printing needs. Preeprss Artist
Cypress Multigraphics South-Saint Petersburg, FL
August 2007 to November 2009
I was employed with Cypress Multi graphics South in order to utilize both of my areas of my expertise. As production manager, I was responsible for all Printing and prepress operations from conception through finished product ready for shipping.
Prepress Artist
Tape & Label Engineering-Saint Petersburg, FL
June 2005 to August 2007
Performed all prepress artwork procedures using Adode, Creo & Cyrel fast Equipment & software. Shift Supervisor
Tape & Label Engineering-Saint Petersburg, FL
June 2000 to August 2005
Support staff of 25, including Narrow web flexo pressman, QC, rewind staff as well as in house prepress
& plate
making department.
Flexo Press Operator
Tape & Label Engineering-Saint Petersburg, FL
April 1996 to June 2000
Run Mark Andy, Webtron & Comco printing presses for label production. Education
Bachelors degree in graphic design-The Art Institute of Tampa - Tampa, FL
August 2003 to May 2005
Skills
• Flexo Press
• Graphic Design
• Production Management
• Adobe Illustrator
• Creo
• Prepress
• Adobe Photoshop
• Adobe InDesign
• Layout Design
• Illustration
Additional Information
• Skilled production operator with knowledge of overseeing a high volume of press room projects.
• Have run 10" 13" 17" 20" Mark Andy, 7"Webtrons & 16" Comco Commander, 16" Nilpeter, Aquaflex printing
presses.
• Knowledge of a vast array of 6-10 color flexographic printing processes & procedures.
• UV & water based experience printing on multiple substrates.
• Experience setting up & printing pressure sensitive labels, tags, sheeted labels, unsupported films, plow
folded coupons.
• 3 TLMI awards, 1 first place & 2 honorable mention.
• Very proficient in all Adobe design software.
• Vast experience with Nexus work flows as well as Esko & Creo direct to plate software & hardware.
• Plate & rotary screen production from start to finish.
• Computer proficient with all office software.
• Professional communication skills, able to provide clients, vendors & supporting staff with up to date project
information.
Contact this candidate