Dimetrius Smith
Email: ad9dg2@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 909-***-****

EDUCATION
Degree: Bachelor of Science Business Management
Cal Polytechnic State University &
University of Phoenix, Ca

EXPERIENCE
(15+ years of Management experience)

11/2022 – Present SKECHERS, Moreno Valley, Ca.
Operations Manager: Inbound and Outbound
Directs Warehouse Supervision to achieve Departmental Goals and Objectives
Organize processes to the optimal levels through Continual focus on eliminating waste via 5s (Lean Six Sigma) practices, preferred method ideology, and/or adhering to Labor Management Standards.
Identify and implement cost savings initiatives that impact both the facility and The Company as a whole.
Responsible for Inventory Control, maintain cycle counts programs to ensure accurate Inventory.
Maintain a Professional and Courteous relationship with Customer Service and other Work Teams.

02/2018 – 11/2022 FCA Group/ Chrysler PDC, Ontario, Ca
Operations Supervisor: Union Environment
Coordinate activities, ensure compliance that meets and exceeds the Parts Distribution Center customer KPI’s, related to Safety, Quality, Delivery, Cost, Morale, and Environmental
Provide feedback, coaching, and training to Associates as needed.
Analyze root causes and execute countermeasures for daily work challenges while implementing safe work practices and preventative countermeasures.
Utilize Kaizen activities to drive continuous process improvements.
Foster a culture of teamwork, accountability, and safety with team members, peers, and Senior Management

11/2015 – 02/2018 TECH DATA CORP, Fontana, Ca
Assistant Operations Manager (AOM)
Manage a Team of 50 F/T Associates at our ANNEX Site
In charge of Ordering Supplies weekly/Monthly based on financial budget
Schedule Transportation for Shipping and Manage the Cross Dock Carriers
Lead a winning Team in the Outbound Operations through structure and reorganization.
Managed The Picking Departments for all Outbound orders.
Created an Associate Friendly Process Improvement Environment where The Associates helped build and improve processes.
Cross Dock Operation: Created a more Efficient receiving and put away staging process.
Sustaining the inbound contractual agreement with Vendors and moving resourcing to assist other Departmental Operations.

10/2014 – 11/2015: UNIFIED GROCERS, Santa Fe Springs, Ca
Operations Supervisor: Union Environment
Plan, direct, and coordinate warehouse activities to ensure adequate coverage, including vacation and attendance administration.
Oversee all Shipping operations.
Provide leadership by directing and motivating Team members daily.
Manage and track departmental KPIs.
Manage daily plan to exceed expectations for productivity and accuracy.
Involvement with team building and continuous improvement.
Investigate and document accidents, injuries or unsafe working conditions.
Enforce company policies and procedures and provide documented coaching.

5/2012 – 10/2014: AMAZON FULFILLMENT, Moreno Valley, Ca
Area Manager: Outbound/Shipping
Green Belt Project /Kaizen Team Member
Partner with other Area Managers to balance labor to ensure the business is operating in a balanced and efficient manner.
70 Direct Reports off Peak: 150 during Peak. Facility sq. ft. 1.2 mil
In charge of Outbound Shipping Operations. LTL and Fluid loading.
Ensure daily Metrics are above Department Standards and constantly look for process improvements.
Development/Engagement of Associates
Created Departmental standards for best practices and Kaizen needs
Recognition and Awarded for best and most successful Launch Site in Outbound Ops.

4/2009 – 4/2012: KOHL’S E-FULFILLMENT DISTRIBUTION CNTR, San Bern, CA
Senior Operations Supervisor:
Start up Operation
RF Scanners Equipment for Shipping and Receiving Operations
Team Leader of 250 Associates, Facility sq. ft 975,000
Start-up facility/Set up Receiving S.O.P’s
Forecast daily operation and execute accordingly.
Troubleshoot transportation and product issues

5/1999 - 1/2009: TOTAL LOGISTICS CONTROL (3 PL), Rancho Cucamonga, CA
Logistic Supervisor/Super User
Start up Operation
RF scanners/Guns/Equipment, Labor Management System
Supervise/Coach staff of 30 associates on daily operations, sq. ft 600,000
Monitor employee performance on warehouse labor standards.
Ensure safe working conditions to include warehouse and PIT Equipment
Perform Preferred Method Performance observations on all Associates

Highlights of Qualifications

Lean Six Sigma Certified
Project Management
Kaizen Trained
5s Experienced

Responsibilities:
Team Leader for Process Improvements Projects.
Safety Coordinator following Cal Osha Regulations and Cost effective practices.
Managed Inventory Control Quality and Damage Control, Cycle Counts and Audits.
Contact this candidate