JIM H LOAIZA L ORLANDO FL
CELL 786-***-****
ad9dg3@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Electronic Engineer with more than 20 years of experience in the telecommunications field. In charge of the coordination, supervision, and execution of telecommunications projects. Operations manager with knowledge on installation, maintenance, and configuration of 2.4 and 5.8 GHz last mile links, SCADA systems, Routers, towers, structured cabling, PDH/SDH microwave equipment, Motorola UHF and VHF radios, WAN and LAN networks, VHF systems and UHF transmission.
• Bilingual (Spanish/Basic
English)
• Residential electrical
installations
• Skillful with numerous
measuring equipment and
electronic instruments.
• Cisco Router Basic
Programming
• H2S and defensive
management course.
• Electronics and electrical
blueprints
• AT&T ask yourself MYN
DCO
• AT&T Quality training
• OSHA 30 CONSTRUCTION
SAFETYAND HEALTH
ADMINISTRATION 2027
• AT&T VoLTE911
• Aerial Lift
• Bucket Truck
• CPR and first Aid basic Plus
• Construction Rigging and
Crane Signal Person
• Counter Balanced Forklift
• Excavator
• NFPA 70E low voltage
qualified person
• RF Awareness
• T MOBILE QUALITY
TRAINING
• Rough terrain forklift
• Skid Steer
• Bloodborne pathogens
awareness
• Basic Accounting and
Administration.
• Project methods.
• CEPET Electrician certified.
• Numerous technical skills
• Proficient in Microsoft Office
• Fast learner
EDUCATION
ELECTRONIC ENGINEER
SANTIAGO MARINO UNIVERSITY INSTITUTE VENEZUELA
2009 2013
ELECTRONIC TECHNICIAN
INDUSTRIAL TECHNICAL SCHOOL CAPITAN ANSELMO BELLOSO VENEZUELA 09/1982 01/1989
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Position: Maintenance
Company Name: Year: 01/2023 12/2023
Location: Cocoa Beach
Basic skills in drywall, painting/staining and wall vinyl repairs, plumbing skills including drain cleaning.
Maintain all guestroom and public space equipment change filters, replace caulk, tile/grout, door repair to include locking mechanisms and hinges. Inspect rooms for pest intrusion. Replace cosmetic appliance components as needed. Replace light bulbs, ballasts, outlet, light switches, breakers. Repair closet/drapery tracks. as well as furniture, stain furniture and repair knicks and gouges.
Replace remote control batteries.
Unclog toilets and sinks, touch up paint and glue peeling wallpaper. Execute planned scheduled preventative maintenance. Replace faulty plumbing components. Maintain accurate functioning of all equipment and tools. Position: Electric Civil Foreman
Company Name: QUALTEK
LOCATION: SANFORD FL. Year: 10/2022 11/2022
QUEALTEK is a T Mobile contractor, and we are upgrading. their equipment, radios, and antennas from 4g to 5g Position: Electric civil Technician
Company Name: Velex
Location: Florida Central. Year: 04/2022 10/2022
Velex is a T MOBILE contractor, and we are upgrading. their equipment, radios, and antennas from 4G to 5G. My work consists of making the trench, running PVC or rigid pipe, connecting it to the PPC and the cabinets, pulling. wires and connecting them in the breaker or wherever necessary. Position: Harness assembly
Company Name: Group REV
Location: Orlando Florida Year: 2019-2022
Building power distribution and dead space of the ambulance. It consists of installing cards and equipment with their respective wiring. Electrical wiring involves cutting, stripping, soldering, or crimping of wires, blueprint reading and connections of electronics cards and equipment.
Position: Helper Coordinator
Company Name: OPMAX
Location: Orlando Florida Year: 2018-2019
Coordinate, supervise personnel, carwash logistics, quality of internal and external vehicle cleaning.
Position: Operations Manager.
Company Name: ML INTEGRAL OF SERVICES (ISERVI) C.A. Location: Venezuela Year: 2004-2016
Coordinate, supervise and execute telecommunications projects such as tower wiring and multiple equipment installation and configuration. Assembly of last mile links 2.4 and 5.8 GHz, connection and configuration of WAN and LAN networks. Residential electrical installations, electrical panel installations, supervise electrical wiring and pipe installations, Manage the purchase of equipment and tools, keep workers trained, hire new personnel. Administer the cash flow for vacation and miscellaneous expenses. 20 Persons under my supervision.
Position: Telecommunications Supervisor.
Company Name: TOTALCOM AMERICA
Location: Venezuela Year: 1999-2004
Supervise and execute installations of aluminum and iron vented towers, assemblage of 3/8, 1/2 and 1-inch Heliax wiring and 2.4 GHz and 5.8 GHz radios, alignment and BER testing to Links, monitoring and connectorization pipe installations for structured wiring, configuration of basic Cisco router and UPS, maintenance of UHF and VHF transmission systems.
8 people under my supervision.
Position: Telecommunications Supervisor
Company Name: GEINCA
Location: Venezuela Year: 1996-1998
Supervise and execute aluminum and iron vented tower installations, 3/8, 1/2 and 1-inch Heliax wiring connectorization, 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz radio installations, alignment and link testing, monitoring of piping installations for structured wiring and optic fiber. Configuration, installation and maintenance of basic CISCO routers, UPS, UHF and VHF transmission systems, SCADA systems, core telephone and Meridian-branded devices. 5 people under my supervision.
Position: Telecommunications Technician
Company Name: PROINSA
Location: Venezuela Year: 1994-1996
Programming, installation and repair of Motorola radios and repeaters which consists of changing electronics components, diodes, transistors, and integrated circuits. Installations vented towers, VHF and UHF antennas. Position: Telecommunications Technician
Company Name: SATVENCA
Location: Venezuela Year: 1990 -1994
Programming, installation and repair of Motorola radios and repeaters which consists of changing electronics components, diodes, transistors, and integrated circuits. Installations vented towers, VHF and UHF antennas.
Contact this candidate