Mansi Awasthi Lead QA Engineer
Email: ad003m@r.postjobfree.com Phone: +1-443-***-****

Summary:
QA Lead with 10+ years of experience in Agile environment for Quality Assurance.
System development lifecycle experience, including designing, developing, and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes.
Experience in investigating and structuring manual and automated test methodology for validation and usage of precise test strategies for the successful deployment.
Hands-on technology professional accustomed to working in complex, project-based environments such as Cypress, Selenium, Java.
Multifaceted experience in QA software testing and user-acceptance testing.
Experience in performing numerous counts of functional, regression, smoke, and sanity testing.
Rich Experience in Banking domain Application Testing, Mobile Application Testing, Healthcare domain, Management Systems like: Waste Management, Healthcare product Management, SaaS Testing, eCommerce Testing,.
Experience in Mobile and web Emulators and simulators, Browserstack and LambdaTest tools.
6+ years of experience Working in Agile Model.
Tracking User stories, tasks, creating and updating bugs using JIRA, Agile Studio, HP ALM, HPQUIX.
Designing quality assurance and test processes for portions of end-user applications, systems software, and firmware running on hardware, local, networked, and Internet-based platforms.
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills.
Excellent presentation and technical documentation skills, quick learner, ability to work independently and in team.
4+ years of working experience in Oracle servers for creating RDBMS, for product lifecycle management .
Good experience in testing both SOAP and REST services using SoapUI, Postman, REST-Assured and Testing both XML and JSON formats.
Mentor junior QA’s on QA best practices and help them deliver the User Stories/Features.
Proficient in preparing Test Estimations, Test Plans, Test Scenarios, Test Scripts, Test Data, Test completion Report, DSR (Daily Status Report) and WSR (Weekly Status Report).

Technical Skills:

Functional Testing Tools
Quality Center (HP ALM), Rally, Postman, Browser Stack, Bugzilla, TestRail, ZOHO,
Azure Test Management tool.
Defect Tracking Tools
HP QC, Rally, JIRA, Bugzilla, TestRail, ZOHO CRM, HP QUIX
Databases
SQL Server, PTC Windchill, Microsoft
Scripting and Languages
Java Script, Macros, HTML, XML, JSON, WordPress
API Testing Tools
Postman
Operating Systems
Windows 10/8/7/Vista/XP, Linux (RHEL, SLES), ESX & ESXi, Ubuntu
Methodology
Waterfall, Agile, Kanban
Version Control
GitHub, subversion (SVN)
CI/CD Tool
Jenkins

Browsers
Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, Internet Explorer (IE), Microsoft Edge,
,Lambda Test LT Browser
IDE Used
Eclipse, Visual Studio Code

Professional Experience:

Client: NCN Technologies pvt ltd.
May 2023 – Present
Lead QA

Responsibilities:
Managed many teams for the project management and was a servant leader managing base team and Mobile team as a scrum master for agile project.
Develops project plans, prioritize project tasks, and provides regular status updates on project progress to management and stakeholders.
Ensures that projects are completed on time, accurate to defined specifications
Conducted Different Agile ceremonies for iterations and attended the Scrum of Scrum calls and highlighted the different impediments.
Tracking of user stories/defects till closure and interaction for better clarification from Business Analyst and Business wherever required
Extensively used Project Management Tool JIRA to document test cases, bug tracking, issue tracking, defect tracking and project tracking.
Created the database, using Oracle Product Lifecycle Management Cloud
Performed Usability Testing for WM Fairfax, Virginia
Maintained ZOHO CRM, for users and services for multiple portals, with different access.
Created and updated lists to manage CRM for company users .
Experience in dealing with Multiple projects and Cross-functional teams in a large matrix organization environment.
Worked closely with the internal team to strategize and prioritize requirements from backlog.
Partnered closely with Agile Team, determining increments necessary to deliver set of features prioritized by the stakeholders.
Attended the Scrum of Scrum calls and highlighted the different impediments.
Analyzing Business Requirements, Technical documents for all new features
Documenting Test plans and testcases for all possible use cases.
Performed API Testing using POSTMAN.
Manage day-to-day communication with client and the team using various tools for Bug tracking.
Performed Installation Testing, Smoke Testing, Functionality Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Testing, Integration Testing, Compatibility Testing, Database Testing, and Non-functional Testing (Performance and Load Testing) of the mobile application.
Reviewed and updating Test Cases for mobile and web applications as per requirement for different releases.
Involved in project from the kick off phase.
Involved in end-to-end testing of the Mobile Applications (Live and under development).
Responsible for testing the mobile application on iOS and Android devices.
Launched the Emulators/Simulators from the AVD manager (Android Virtual Device Manager) for Android and tested the Applications.
Tested web links, buttons, and different modules related to the mobile web.
Tested implementation of Mobile web on various smartphones like iPhone 3GS, 4GS, and Android 4.4 Wrote basic SQL queries for data validation.
Assigning various tasks to the engineers as per strength of individual.
Mentor quality engineers and responsible for delivery of project tasks assigned to the QA teams.
Ensure test cases reviews with stakeholders are being held as appropriate
Ensure completion of all deliverables within schedule, budget and quality constraints.
Responsible for preparing and implementing risk-based test strategies and applying industry best practices. This includes identifying training needs and mentoring teams on the testing processes, standards, and tools.
Responsible for providing tests status, establishing defect metrics, identifying risks and overseeing all aspects of testing to ensure that all quality goals are met.
Participate in pre-PI feature planning and reviews, identify any testing dependencies, risks, estimate feature, plan QA activities.
Responsible for PI Planning QA Tasks, Review story points given by QA, identify risks and Ensure QA has capacity to support testing within sprints.
Monitor and control Sprint Planning for QA Tasks and ensure Acceptance Criteria is clearly defined and testable by QA.
Ensure all test data needs are identified and the parties responsible for generating the data are identified.
Ensure QA has capacity to support the planned testing / escalated any resource needs Plan to support any End-to-End testing needs.
Participate in Safe Agile rituals e.g., Standups, Mid-Sprint Reviews, Retrospectives and ensure teams are collaborating about what test should be unit, integration or functional.
Ensure Jira stories and tasks are being updated regularly and participate team’s daily standup and ensure team is providing updates on their stories and tasks.
Working with sales team and leadership to give the effort estimate to test new projects.

Client: Intent Design
November 2022 – February 2023

Lead QA Responsibilities:
Analyzing Business Requirements, Technical documents for all new features.
Documenting Test plans and testcases for all possible use cases.
Performed API Testing using POSTMAN.
Manage day-to-day communication with client and the team using various tools for Bug tracking.
Performed Installation Testing, Smoke Testing, Functionality Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Testing, Compatibility Testing, Database Testing, and Non-functional Testing of the mobile application.
Reviewed and updating Test Cases for mobile and web applications as per requirement for different releases.
Involved in project from the kick off phase.
Involved in end-to-end testing of the Mobile Applications (Live and under development).
Responsible for testing the mobile application on iOS and Android devices.
Launched the Emulators/Simulators from the AVD manager (Android Virtual Device Manager) for Android and tested the Applications.
Tested web links, buttons, and different modules related to the mobile web.
Tested implementation of Mobile web on various smartphones like iPhone 3GS, 4GS, and Android 4.4 Wrote basic SQL queries for data validation.
Involved in verifying of Throughput testing for USB-Tethering Hotspot, Wi-Fi-Tethering Hotspot and GPS/LBS Testing.
Assigning various tasks to the engineers as per strength of individual.
Mentor quality engineers and responsible for delivery of project tasks assigned to the QA teams.
Create Test plans.
Ensure test cases reviews with stakeholders are being held as appropriate
Conduct defect triage meeting as appropriate.
Ensure completion of all deliverables within schedule, budget and quality constraints.
Conduct Root Cause Analysis and identify and implement process improvement.
Responsible for preparing and implementing risk-based test strategies and applying industry best practices. This includes identifying training needs and mentoring teams on the testing processes, standards, and tools.
Responsible for providing tests status, establishing defect metrics, identifying risks and overseeing all aspects of testing to ensure that all quality goals are met.
Participate in pre-PI feature planning and reviews, identify any testing dependencies, risks, estimate feature, plan QA activities.
Responsible for PI Planning QA Tasks, Review story points given by QA, identify risks and Ensure QA has capacity to support testing within sprints.
Monitor and control Sprint Planning for QA Tasks and ensure Acceptance Criteria is clearly defined and testable by QA.
Ensure all test data needs are identified and the parties responsible for generating the data are identified.
Ensure QA has capacity to support the planned testing / escalated any resource needs Plan to support any End-to-End testing needs.
Participate in Safe Agile rituals e.g., Standups, Mid-Sprint Reviews, Retrospectives and ensure teams are collaborating about what test should be unit, integration or functional.
Ensure Jira stories and tasks are being updated regularly and participate team’s daily standup and ensure team is providing updates on their stories and tasks.
Participate in mid-sprint reviews to ensure team is on track with stories and tasks and any risks escalated.
Participate in feature team’s retrospectives and escalate any issues found.
Working with sales team and leadership to give the effort estimate to test new projects.

Environment: Windows, Rally, BrowserStack, LambdaTestLT, Browser, MicrosoftExcel, Microsoft PowerPoint.

Client: AppSierra Lead QA, India

September 2020 – November 2021

Responsibilities:

Analyzing Business Requirements, Technical documents for all new features.
Documenting Test plans and testcases for all possible use cases.
Performed API Testing using POSTMAN.
Worked on Mobile Application Testing, for both iOS and android interfaces.
Extensive experience in Sanity testing, Feature testing, Functional testing, System testing, Compatibility testing, Retesting, Regression Testing, UAT, end user Testing in mobile handsets and web based applications
Experience in testing the application on different Mobile Handsets (Real device and virtually on emulators, Browserstack and Lambda Test tools for cross browser and device testing on multiple platforms and with different Time zones and areas).
Having extensive knowledge in mobile technologies like GSM, GPRS, WAP in Remote settings.
Worked on testing mobile application under different networks and Internet speeds including on 3G, 4G/LTE, and Wi-Fi on various mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets.
Manage day-to-day communication with client and the team using various tools for Bug tracking.
Assigning various tasks to the engineers as per strength of individual.
Finding and arranging behavioral, functional, non-functional training needs for the team.
Creating backup plans for all the testing strategies.
Ensuring several quality improvement tools like code coverage, memory leaks are part of the testing cycle.
Performed Regression and Integration testing to compatibility of new features with existing Features for every software release cycle.
Participate in developing and documenting User Stories, including testing estimates and Validation tests.
Work with integration Build teams to Manage QA and production release of software.
Preparing documents that outline testing processes, to ensure that testing captures the software or system’s functional requirements.
Preparing test plans and Test Strategy Documents for new software products or updates to existing systems.
Conducting employee training and evaluation & providing support during the hiring and onboarding process.
Monitoring Team activities, to oversee team members’ work to ensure that they adhere to specifications.
Helping Team members in testing the developed application to capture performance data, and evaluate individual aspects of the software or system including user interfaces and functional requirements.
Reviewing status reports from team members and have taken appropriate actions as and when required.
Working on risks contingencies and plans.
Working with sales team and leadership to give the effort estimate to test new projects.
Ensure any dependencies will be resolved for QA to effectively test the story and communicate these dependencies to the System Team.

Environment: JavaScript, Windows, Linux, Jira, Eclipse, MySQL, TestRail, ZOHO, Bugzilla, WordPress, Azure Test Management Tool

Client: HPE, India

Senior QA Responsibilities:

Analyzed and Documented Business Requirements.
Client Communication for Verification and Validation.
Review of Functional specs and User guides.
Written and executed test cases.
March 2013 – August 2022
Experience in developing unit tests for code quality validation.
Identifying smallest unit / module of code required to be tested and generate test cases to test functional, performance requirements by giving maximum coverage
Testing the iLO/OA web GUI and CLI
Testing the product on different OS platforms
Involved in preparing Test plan and updating the Test cases in Quality Centre, ALM & XML scripts.
Logging the Bugs and Preparing the Defects Reports.
Implemented project tracker and documentation for efficient management of the project.
Actively involved in System Testing of ILO Firmware.
Verified defect fixes and enhancements released in Intermediate releases.
Testing of Onboard Administrator (HP OA) and Blade servers
Quality Assurance/Testing of System Firmware suite of products for HP servers.
Involved in Functional Study of application Involved in preparation of Test Cases from Use Cases.
Performed functional, regression, and release acceptance testing for web, Mobile web using Android/iPhone interfaces.
Created and executed detailed test cases for testing the application on Android and iPhone and with different OS versions.
Performed usability, GUI, Network, Interruption, Memory, Touch functionality, and browser compatibility.
Environment: JavaScript, Windows, Linux, ESX, Ubuntu, HP ALM, HP QUIX

Education:

Bachelor of Engineering - Computer Science & Engineering (2011), RGPV Technical University, Bhopal, MP, India.
Contact this candidate