EDUCATION
DEGREE OF
UNIVERSITY
MBA on Banking and
Crediting
Andijan Institute of
Engineering and
Economy
DEGREE OF
UNIVERSITY
Bachelor's degree on
Finance
Andijan Institute of
Engineering and
Economy
HOBBIES
MUHIDDIN KARIMOV
QA Automation Engineer
Experienced QA Automation Engineer with over 8+ years of diverse experience in quality assurance (manual and automation), system analysis, test design, and system testing in multi-platform environments. Reads and interprets technical documentation to make an accurate assessment of the software and functionalities. Well skilled in developing test criteria to ensure software quality according to project, process, and requirements to improve client satisfaction. Also, skilled in implementing QA processes and procedures, developing and setting automation frameworks, and writing test scripts while working with development, customers, support, and implementation teams. Having broad experience in appium mobile testing such as Android Studio and Xcode tools for testing.
Phone: 469-***-**** Email: ad014w@r.postjobfree.com Address: 1203 Meadow Creek Drive, Irving, TX 75038 Linkedin:linkedin.com/in/muhiddin-karimov-9602633 Video Profile- https://vioresume.com/muhiddinkarimov

TECHNICAL TOOLS AND PROCESSES
Testing & Reporting Tools: Selenium (Java), QC/ALM, JIRA, JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber, SoapUI, Rest-Assured, Postman, GitHub, Jenkins Selenium(java), QC/ALM, JIRA, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Jenkins, Maven
API: Postman, SoapUI, Rest Assured APIAutomation
Development Environment:Java, Selenium, Visual Studio, Eclipse
Process and Methodology: SDLC, STLC, Agile scrum, Waterfall model, Kanban
Database Tools: Oracle SQL, MySQL
Scripting Language: XML, HTML, Excel, JSON
Build Tool: : Maven
Design pattern: Page Object Model (POM)
Framework: JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber / Gherkin, Apache POI Mobile testing tools: Appium, Xcode, Android Studios Release Tools: Jenkins
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
8+ years of experience in performing Automated and Manual Testing.
Proficient in different types of testing such as: GUI testing, Web testing, Regression testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, End to End Testing, Data Base Testing.
SKILLS
Automation
Programming
Object-Oriented
Design
Software Analysis
Database testing
Web page
automation testing
Agile Methodologies
API Testing &
Process Improvement
Team Work
TECH SKILLS
Java, Selenium, OOP
Concepts, TestNG,
Maven, Jenkins, Jira,
MySQL, SQL,
Cucumber, IntelliJ,
Eclipse, Gherkin,
POM, Appium, Xcode,
Android Studios,
Agile, HTML, XML,
Excel, SCV,, JUnit,
Data Driven, BDD,
SoapUI, Postman,
Rest Assured, Visual
Studio.
CERTIFICATES
- Basics of Fullstack
Development (Udemy)
- Android Development
(Udemy)
- Protractor (Angular
Testing) (Udemy)
- W3School JAVA, C#,
SQL, HTML courses
REFERENCE
Available Upon Request

Knowledgeable with test automation framework tools JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber.
Extensively working in using Selenium WebDriver APIs for writing JUnit test suites and test cases for testing functionality with the Selenium Server.
Experienced in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven.
Proficient in developing Data driven and Hybrid Frameworks. Along with, strong experience in cross browser, cross platform web testing with WebDriver.
Expertise in functional testing, integration testing, regression testing, System testing, black box testing, GUI testing, Sanity testing, Ad-hoc testing, usability testing, back-end testing, browser compatibility testing, API testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Writing SQL commands such as Join, Set, Group By and executed stored procedures and functions.
Proficient in creating business based functional Test Scenarios, Test plans, Test cases, Test Scripts, Test Specifications and Traceability Matrix including both Manual and Automation testing of the applications.
Good Knowledge in documenting defects with high level of detail, accuracy, and informative recreation steps using JIRA. Proficient in writing and executing SQL queries to perform Data Validation and Back-end testing of databases to check the integrity of data.
Read code written in different programming languages Java, Java Script and databases like Oracle, SQL Server. Expertise in using Apache POI to read data from external sources for locators into the test script.
Experienced in using GitHub as a source repository system to share code within the office & overseas team.
Performed web API testing by preparing test data using JSON and XML markup with SoapUI tool
Created Test Data for API testing in XML and JSON format for POST, PUT Method
Testing Web Services: SOAP and REST API requests using SoapUI and Postman.
Hands on experience in automating API testing using Rest Assured.
EXPERIENCE
QA Automation Engineer Charles Schwab - New York, NY Jan 2021 to Present
Worked in an Agile Environment - Participated in Sprint planning meetings, Daily standup meetings, Sprint Review meetings and Sprint Retrospective meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures, Test reports. Helped deliver Test deliverables such as Test Plan, Test Cases, Risk Analysis Report, Requirement Traceability Matrix, Defect Report, and End to End test flow.
Created all types of testing scenarios: positive, negative and Black Box testing, data validation / Back End testing and Web Services.
Performed Manual testing and maintained documentation on Regression, Integration, User- acceptance testing. Performed SQL querying to validate data from the application to source and used JDBC to connect for automation testing. Automated with Eclipse IDE, Java, JUnit, TestNG and Page Object Model (POM).
Extensively used Selenium to take Screenshots for capturing failed test cases.
Created Test Cases using Element Locators (XPath, CSS, id, Link text) and Selenium WebDriver methods.
Setup Selenium Grid to run Selenium scripts on
different browsers.
Performed Continuous Integration of the test cases periodically using Jenkins and configured it to Email Reports during a build failure.
Updated the progress and the results of the various tests executed by sending day to day corresponding TestNG Reports to QA Manager.
Worked extensively on SoapUI for testing the Back-End web service calls.
Worked with developers to create and update the defects, resolve, and track their status.
Provided the status reports on test cases executed, defects found, defects pending, and defects solved.
Created JIRA tasks for all the defects found during the Functional and Regression testing.
Maintained Selenium and Java automation code and resources in the GitHub source control.
Environment: Java, Selenium, WebDriver, Junit, TestNG, Maven, Postman, SoapUI, Rest-Assured, Jenkins, JIRA, MS SQL, Oracle, IE, Chrome, Windows
QA Automation Engineer Frontier Airlines - Dallas, TX Jul 2018 to 2020 Dec
Analyzed the Business Requirement Document (BRD) and developed detailed Test plans, prepared Test cases. Involved in Functionality, User Interface, and Regression testing during the various phases of development using Selenium/TestNG Applied Agile Delivery methods to simplify testing process decisions through iterative development.
Execute / Dry run test scripts against any environment as part of test execution.
Completed automation of functional and regression testing Effectively interacted with development team regarding software defects and functionality issues, working closely to develop innovative solutions.
Implemented use of Cucumber tool to illustrate project features and requirements.
Gathered data on integration issues and vulnerabilities and reported all findings, including improvement recommendations. Involved in executing SQL queries and SQL procedures, functions, and packages for backend testing.
Debugged code and located root causes of problems by reviewing configuration files and logs.
Reported the bugs. Email notifications to the developers using JIRA
Environment: Java, Selenium, WebDriver, Junit, TestNG, Maven, Postman, SoapUI, Jenkins, JIRA, HP QC, MS SQL, Oracle, IE, Chrome, Windows
QA Automation Engineer United Health - Dallas, TX July 2017 to June 2018
Development, documentation, and implementation of test plans to evaluate design solutions and meet product requirements. Created automated Data-Driven scripts for regression test cases using MAVEN and Junit.
Designed and developed manual test cases to perform functional, integration, regression, and smoke testing of the application.
Performed Quality Assurance tasks involve creating verification and validation.
Created efficient and elegant Selenium Web Driver automation scripts using Page Object Model.
Created and maintained libraries and object repositories for reusability.
Performed data validation, and Backend testing by creating SQL queries.
Managed the Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) between requirements and test cases.
Analyzed all Reported Bugs for continuous process improvement and keep tracking on the SDLC critical path.
Used HP ALM to test, documentation, report, and track identified issues/defects.
Performed web testing of the application for different browser dependencies.
Performed Web Service APIs testing using SoapUI and Postman. Environment: Agile, Java, SQL, HTML, XML, HP ALM, Selenium, Eclipse IDE, MAVEN, JUnit, Data-Driven, RTM, SoapUI, Postman
Contact this candidate