MATT ZELYEV
ad01ev@r.postjobfree.com
415-***-****
San Francisco, CA 94108
SKILLS
• Platforms: Windows, macOS, iOS,
Android, UNIX/ LINUX
• Defect/Project Management: Jira,
Xray, Confluence
• API Testing: REST, Postman, Swagger
• Mobile Testing: Android Studio,
Xcode, ADB, AVD
• Databases: SQL (MySQL, SequelPro)
• Automated Testing: Selenium
WebDriver, BDD Cucumber, Java
• Other: AutoCad, MS Office
EDUCATION
Bauman Moscow State Technical
University
Moscow, Russia • 07/2014
Master of Science: Power Engineering
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Functional QA Tester with 3+ years of experience, committed to adding value to the end-product through detailed quality assurance testing.
Expert in GUI, Functional, System, Build Acceptance, and Regression Testings.
Proficient in Bug Lifecycle Management including creation, tracking, and reporting defects using JIRA.
Expert in REST API testing (Postman, HTTP protocols, Swagger API documentation).
Strong Knowledge in mobile application testing using Android Studio, Xcode, ADB, AVD.
Committed to excellent communication and a superior level of teamwork.
WORK HISTORY
WestValleySoft - Software QA Engineer
Sunnyvale, CA • 11/2020 - Current
● Tested Web-based and Mobile software applications following Agile methodology.
● Used Confluence to analyze business specifications and functional requirements for understanding acceptance criteria.
● Wrote test documentation: Test Plan, Test Cases, Test Executions, Test Matrices.
● Used Xray plugin in Jira to develop and execute test cases, and analyze the execution reports.
● Reported defects to Jira, tested bug fixes, and monitored defects until resolution.
● Created collections of RESTful API requests based on Swagger documentation and executed them via Postman and Newman, utilized knowledge of JS to automate API testing, used xmySQL tool to generate Rest API requests to the DB.
● Developed and executed SQL queries to access data from MySQL via Sequel Pro.
● Utilized knowledge of Figma and Chrome DevTools to test visual design.
● Ran build acceptance testing, regression testing, as well as various types of non-functional testing.
● Utilized knowledge of Linux commands to perform back-end testing.
● Conducted mobile applications testing, executed test cases in different browsers/platforms, performed compatibility testing on Android / iOS devices as well as on emulators and simulators.
● Collected and analyzed logs using the ADB command line tool for Android applications.
● Followed Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and converted manual test cases into Cucumber steps using Gherkin syntax.
● Used XPath to select nodes in an XML document and locate Web Elements in web pages.
● Utilized test automation framework (Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, IntelliJ) for writing automated scripts with Java.
Food Rocket - Operations Manager
San Francisco, CA • 01/2020 - 11/2020
● Supervised operations staff and kept employees compliant with company policies and procedures.
● Developed systems, procedures and training materials to improve operational quality and team efficiency.
● Managed inventory and supply chain operations to achieve timely and accurate delivery of goods and services.
● Led hiring, onboarding and training of new hires to fulfill business requirements.
Contact this candidate