Ramesh Polumahanti
571-***-****
ad03y0@r.postjobfree.com
11+ years’ experience in IT Industry as Database Tester/QA Analyst/Automation/Infrastructure Test Engineer with diversified experience in Manual, Database, Test Automation and Web Service Testing of Web-based and Client-Server applicationson Windows/UNIX/iOS environment to secure a position of Database Tester/QA Analyst/Automation/Infrastructure Test Engineer

Professional Summary:
11+ years of Experience in Software Manual, Database, Automation, Infrastructure Testing
Basic level public trust clearance
Experience in Migration/Integration Database Testing and Web Interface testing
Implemented Test Automation procedures using Test Complete, Selenium Web driver, QTP
Experience in 508 testing and Accessibility testing using Jaws.
Hands on experience in Postman for services testing
Hands on experience on configuration management tools like Jenkins
Expertise in developing and executing scripts using Selenium Web Driver and TestNG framework
Good Experience in writing XPath to locate web elements.
Experience in testing and performing various validations Web Services (SOAP and RESTFUL), creating Test Suites & Data Driven Tests using SOAP UI Tool
Experience in Data Driven and Keyword Driven framework to maintain test suite.
Expertise in writing SQL queries to validate Database.
Well versed with Java Testing Frameworks like Test NG and JUNIT
Designed, planned and implemented cost efficient Test Plans
Implemented projects adhering to Agile SCRUM methods
Worked on Regression, System, GUI, Compatibility testing
Having experience in Reliability and Performance testing and Functional Integration testing from DevOps pipeline
Experience in Security Patch testing and Oracle EBS applications
Hands on experience with Python
Experience in Test Strategy, Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution, Defect Management
Experience in Ansible scripts to verify configuration changes of Linux servers.
Experience in AWS Console and AWS CLI using Cygwin.
Experience in Amazon EC2, RDS, S3 bucket, Security groups, Cloud watches
Experience in On-Perm servers and power CLI, Network firewall rules verification
Experience in Active Directory and Virtual Infrastructure and Splunk Logs
Hands on expertise on VMware vSphere ESX 4, 5 and 6, VMware vCenter Server and Power shell scripting
Hands on Experience in Tanium and J frog Artifactory and AppDynamics
5+ years of experience in Back-End Testing using Oracle and MS SQL Server (RDBMS) queries to test all aspects of Client-Server and Web-based application.

Technical Skills:
Testing Tools
Test Complete, Selenium Web Driver, Selenium IDE/ RC, Selenium Grid, Cucumber, Appium, TestNG, Junit
Test Build & Integration Tools
Maven, Jenkins
Frameworks
Cucumber, Serenity, Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid Driven, Page Object Model
Programming Languages
Java, C, C++,VB
Web Technologies
HTML, XML, CSS
Version Control Tools
GitHub, SVN, Bitbucket
Web services
Rest Assured, Ready API, SOAPUI PRO, SOAP UI, Postman
Operating System
Windows, Unix, Linux, IOS, Android OS

Professional Experience:

Client: Missouri Dec 2021 to Till Date
Role: Quality Analyst – Database Migration/Integration tester
Employer: Fei Systems, Inc
Project: Carity - Missouri Case Management System for HCBS WaiverServices

The purpose of the Missouri Case Management System is Health Care Management to purchase and monitor health care services for low-income individuals who are elderly, disabled, blind, members of families with dependent children, children and pregnant women in poverty, refugees, and children in state custody. The Missouri Division of Developmental Disabilities is committed to improving the quality of life for individuals with developmental disabilities and their families. The objectives of the Missouri Case Management System for HCBS Waiver project is to Improve the efficiency and effectiveness of HCBS Waiver programs, Improve health outcomes for individuals with developmental disabilities, Improve health outcomes for individuals with developmental disabilities.

Responsibilities

Validating integrity and accuracy of data flow across multiple data tiers satisfying the business rules
Performing Integration and Migration testing in different environments i.e. QC, UAT, UATPHI
Performing deployments for various environments using Octopus
Validation of Migrated PI and PHI data
Key Contributor in preparing test data and processing it by running JAMS Client Jobs in different environments like QC, UAT, UATPHI etc.
Used Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio to develop and execute test scripts in SQL, to validate test cases
Involved in Interface testing and ensure that data flow is accurate as per incoming and outgoing Business rules.
Validation of Provider Claims
508 testing and Accessibility testing using Jaws.
Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Validation and identifying data mismatches
Planning with BAs to discuss Migration/Integration mapping documents
Used Team Foundation Server (TFS) to log Bugs, Defects and validate PBI’s
Validation of PI/PHI data on Migrations and Integrations
Written several complex SQL queries for data verification and data quality checks
Generated reports and validated in Power BI
Worked on ETL validations

Environment: SQL Server Management Studio, TFS, Jams Client, AWS, Postman, Jenkins, Eclipse,Git Hub, SVN tortoise,, REST Web services,, Dojo, Jenkins, Oracle EBS, Power BI

Client: ETS, New Jersey May 2021 to Oct2021
Role: Automation Tester
Employer: Compunnel, Inc
Project: AP Modernization

In the process of Mainframe modernization, AP Modernization using EDMA (Event Driven Microservice Architecture). Implementing Migration of data from Mainframe to Cloud services to support school contact information. Project involves the posting of JSON data through SNS Queue to a stack Lambda and saving data in Dynamo DB table. Stored Dynamo DB table data validation with AP Modernization UI application . Also validating fanout scenario via email subscriptions as well as subscribed topics.

Responsibilities
Running Automation java scripts in Jenkins and commit code through SVN.
Created automation test scripts using Java script and Selenium web driver.
Executed flows of JSON through stacks and saving data in DynamoDB
Validated UI with Dynamo DB JSON data
Worked on Fusion framework for validating aws services
Cloned projects from GitHub using Git bash
Worked on exception handling using java script.
Tested request and response XML's based web services interfaces using SoapUI
Used Maven as the build dependency tool and Log 4j to track all the logs when the application is run.
Developed automation script with Web Driver API using Java, and TestNG.
Worked in a fast faced Agile and SCRUM development process and participated in the daily Standup & SCRUM meetings.
Performed GUI, Functional, Negative, Positive, Regression and User Acceptance Testing
Reported defects using Jira
Maintained Gherkin test cases
Created zephyr test cases and maintained defects in Jira
Ran Automation scripts through driver script and maintained global constants
Created re-usable methods and mapped elements using xpath

Environment: Jira, AWS, Postman, Jenkins, Eclipse,Git Hub, SVN tortoise, Selenium Web driver, REST Web services, MySQL, Dojo, Jenkins, Oracle EBS

Client: USPTO, Alexandria VA Jan 2020 to Mar2021
Role: Automation Tester
Employer: Compunnel, Inc
Project: Tradeups stabilization
TRADEUPS Functional Verification Test (FVT) Team’s Test Plan defining the testing approaches for this Automated Information System (AIS) on behalf of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). The document includes the specific scope of testing, the test approach, and activities to perform independent testing of TRADEUPS for the Functional Verification Test (FVT) team to verify and validate the end-to-end functionality of the AIS prior to the USPTO production deployment.

Responsibilities
Running Automation java scripts in Jenkins and commit code through SVN.
Created automation test scripts using Java script and Selenium web driver.
Worked on exception handling using java script.
Providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA report
Used Continuous Integration Tools (Jenkins) for automation script run in nightly basis and to provide quick feed back to the developers.
Hands on experience in working on different automation frameworks including Data Driven, Cucumber and Page Object Model.
Import web service operations using WSDL URL and validate in SOAPUI
Expertise in developing automation scripts in BDD format using cucumber and proficient in writing cucumber scenarios in GHERKIN format
Developedthe features, scenarios, stepdefinitions for BDD(BehaviorDriven Development) and TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber, Gherkin
Tested request and response XML's based web services interfaces using SoapUI
Creation of test cases, automate test cases and run automation scripts in Jenkin
Develop test schedule, script, test artifact and document all results. Create and capture defects and Track, manage and verify defects.
Used Maven as the build dependency tool and Log 4j to track all the logs when the application is run.
Developed automation script with Web Driver API using Java, and TestNG.
Tested Rest web services using Postman.
Prepared Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure the adequate coverage of the test cases.
Worked in a fast faced Agile and SCRUM development process and participated in the daily Standup & SCRUM meetings.
Performed GUI, Functional, Negative, Positive, Regression and User Acceptance Testing
Review/audit existing or new build sheets, Interface Control Documents, release notes and engineer documentations
Written various SQL queries and performed backend validations.
Executed 508 test cases.
Reported bugs using bug-tracking tool Rally.
Retested open and fixed defects and production bugs.
Reported test manager with test results summary report.
Automated test cases using Test Complete automation tool.
Environment: Rally, RQM, Postman, Jenkins, Eclipse SVN tortoise, Selenium Web driver, Toad, Test Complete, SOAP UI, REST Web services, MySQL, Dojo, Jenkins, Oracle EBS

Client: US Census Bureau, Greenbelt, MD Jan 2019 to Oct 2020
Project: Decennial Infrastructure 2020
Employer: Compunnel, Inc
Role: Automation Tester
Project: Decennial Infrastructure 2020
Decennial 2020 Census Project as a Verification Engineer in the capacity of an
Infrastructure and systems analysis with the systems engineering and architecture teams to develop
Functional tests for all infrastructure capabilities in the enterprise solution. As a Verification Engineer, I
Define, plan, organize, perform, and ensure timely execution of functional verification for all
Infrastructure systems. I am also responsible for interacting with the infrastructure architecture and
DevOps teams to develop post-implementation validation decommission of servers and databases and where possible, consider an automation-
First policy for all functional validation activity.

Responsibilities
Contributing to the formulation and maintenance of an enterprise-wide functional validation approach to address infrastructure capability as described in the design and implementation plans
Automated Applications using Selenium Web driver
Performed parallel and Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests run at the same time using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG.
Used BDD framework with Cucumber and created future files with scenario and scenario upline files.
Running Automation scripts in Jenkins and commit code in SVN
Build automations for compute stack - Windows, Linux.
Using tools like Ansible scripts to validate infrastructure implementations Cloud and On Perm Linux servers
Using Pythons scripts in Ansible to validate EC2 and S3 buckets
Using AWS CLI Cygwin tool to verify EC2, RDS instances in Amazon EAST and WEST configuration changes.
Providing input on the development of design, implementation user guides, training materials
Verifying Network Flows from Source to Destination servers on specific ports using Network Insights
Providing support to Amazon Cloud, Datacenter, Backup, Storage, BCDR, Database and DevOps engineering and implementation teams
Verifying Firewall rules using tools like Mob ax
Verifying TCPIP, https and FTP Protocols
Verifying configuration changes for On Perm and cloud servers using Tanium
Verifying windows configuration changes and firewall rules using PowerShell
Verifying decom servers using Active Directory, App Dynamics, OEM, AWS, VM Ware Etc.
Develop verification methodology, to ensure there are no issues with Infrastructure implementation/provision.
Provide support to the Cloud, Datacenter, Backup, Storage, Database, and DevOps engineering and implementation teams.

Client: USPTO, Alexandria, VA Oct 2016 to Dec2018
Role: Senior Software Test Engineer
Employer : Software Consultants Inc
Project: EST (Exploring Search Technologies)

Exploring Search Technologies (EST) project will be to deploy to the Examining Corps a new search system that replaces current search tools. The new search tool(s) will provide examiners all the data and functionality required to complete their examining work as well as new search features that enhance current capabilities. Any release to the Patent Corps will achieve parity with the current search tools and will not negatively impact examiner productivity once fully adopted. The architecture will include the following technical sub-systems but not limited to MySQL, Solar/Lucene, Log4j, Java JDK, Graphics Magic, Dojo, JQuery, PE2E UI Framework, JBoss, REST Web services.
Testing for the project will follow an Agile-based methodology, where progress will occur in an iterative and incremental manner and divided in to two-week cycles called sprints. In general within each sprint, smoke, regression testing, defect retesting (general across all testing), User Acceptance Testing (UAT) may occur for functionality developed either during that two-week cycle or developed during previous sprints. Also comparing data and validating data with different data base servers

Responsibilities
Conducted Automation/manual testing using the Standards, guidelines, and structured methodology in testing the application.
Performed parallel and Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests run at the same time using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG.
Created Automation Scripts and Recorded Keyword Driven Scripts in Test Complete.
Using Python scripts validated Automation scripts.
Tested 508 compliances using wave tool on Chrome browser.
Tested web services using Soap UI.
Using ETL Validator compared records from various databases or flat files.
Worked in Automated frameworks using Java script.
Used Rally to create Use Cases, Requirements Traceability Matrices, Test Cases and defects for agile projects.
Attended Requirement clarification meetings with developers and Project manager.
Written test cases for new requirements and uploaded in to Rally.
Reported bugs using bug-tracking tool Rally.
Retested open and fixed defects and production bugs.
Reported test manager with test results summary report.
Automated test cases using Test Complete automation tool.
Environment: RQM, SVN tortoise, Selenium Web driver, Test Complete, SOAP UI, REST Web services, MySQL, Dojo, Jenkins

Client: USPTO, Alexandria, VA Jan 2015 to Oct 2016
Project: OACS 3.8- Office Action Correspondence Subsystem
Employer: Software Consultants, Inc
Role: Software Test Engineer

Project: OACS (Office Action Correspondence Subsystem)
The Office Action Correspondence Subsystem (OACS) allows the user to develop Office Action(s) and to associate them with specific patent applications and their payments through the OACS. An Office Action consists of one or more documents (a correspondence and/or one or more forms) that are prepared to provide legal notification to an applicant regarding their patent application. These documents include fill-in forms and freeform documents. A management component of OACS stores, maintains, and retrieves Office Actions, forms, form paragraphs, and default data and payment transactions. OACS is highly flexible and supports changes to USPTO architecture, new data sources, technological changes, and general system enhancements.

Responsibilities
Automated test cases using Test Complete automation tool.
Conducted Automation/manual testing using the Standards, guidelines and structured methodology in testing the application.
Created Automation Scripts and Recorded Keyword Driven Scripts in Test Complete.
Worked in Automated frameworks using Java script.
Used Rally to create Use Cases, Requirements Traceability Matrices, Test Cases, and defects for agile projects.
Attended Requirement clarification meetings with developers and Project manager.
Written test cases for new requirements and uploaded into Rational Quality Manager
Reported bugs using bug-tracking tool Clear Quest.
Retested open and fixed defects and production bugs.
Reported test manager with test results summary report.
Environment: Rational Quality Manager, Clear Quest, Selenium Web driver, SOAP UI

Client: USPTO, Alexandria, VA Oct 2013 to Dec 2014
Project: EDAN AIX Server Replacement
Employer: Friendly Consultants, Inc
Role: Software Test Engineer
This project involves the migration of AIX server with RHEL servers. EDAN client communicates with the server AIX servers in previous releases, but RHEL servers replace the AIX servers.

Responsibilities
Created different test scenarios for requirements.
Written test cases for new requirements and uploaded into Rational Quality Manager
Logged defects in Clear Quest.
Mapped requirements to test cases in Requirement Traceability Matrix
Automated test cases using Test Complete
Reports sent to test manager with test results summary report.
Environment: Rational Quality Manager, Clear Quest, Test Complete, SOAP UI, Rally

Client: Xerox, Webster, NY

Oct 2011 to Sep 2013
Project: PRI– Platform Release Integration
Employer: HCL Corporation

Role: Software Test Engineer

Xerox is in the process of setting up its Center of Excellence (CoE) to carry out testing and maintenance of its printer products. This project involves Regression testing. PRI deals with Print Manager, Job Manager and Queue Managers. The weekly builds sent by the developing team are being tested using the test bed deployed at Xerox Center of Excellence.
PRI, which is a UNIX-based print controller that drives a variety of production-class monochrome, continuous, feed and color printers. Jobs submitted from Sun, Windows, and Apple workstations via TCP/IP, IPX/SPX AppleTalk, direct mainframe connection and FFPS Production Software. FFPS can print Adobe PostScript 3, PDF, PCL 5e, TIFF and ASCII documents.
Various sub programs involved are “Parma and Prosecco”, Chamonix, Mariner, Wenge, Phin and executed Reliability testing and Performance testing.

Responsibilities
Maintained and designed, configured software test environment.
Retrieved data with SQL queries and verified data consistency.
Reported bugs using bug tracking by the tool BMC Remedy.
Created User Defined Functions in QTP and Managed Object Repositories.
Used Recovery Scenarios and Called External functions in VB Script.
Performed Integration Testing and Batch Testing in QTP.
Used Parameterization for using various data to test the application using QTP.
Compared the generated output with an expected result.
For every module followed the process of doing Analysis, Design, Produce, Unit testing and Integration testing.
Executed shell scripts to find out crash issues.
Executed SQL scripts Database to validate data, which flows to the end user with the actual data in the Database.
Experienced in Agile technology with Created and executed data driven test scripts in QTP.
Tested Invoicing web service (SOAP base) by various XML inputs
Inserted Check Points to Check for the broken Links, Text, and standard properties of an object.
Parameterized and correlated the scripts and enhanced them according to the User Profile using QTP.
Conducted system testing in the sys test environment to detect defects and ensure conformance with the requirements prior to code migration to UAT.
Used to arrange meetings to discuss issues with developers and project managers.

Environment: JSP, Servlets, BMC Remedy, TM Planner, Test Master, Ravager, Accurev, Tomcat 5.0, Solaris 10.0, Windows XP/Vista

Educational Details:

Bachelor of Engineering: Mechanical Production and Industrial Engineering
Duration: Aug 1997 to Aug 2001
Place: Gitam College, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India
Contact this candidate