Parvathy Syamala
+1-206-***-**** •ad06vb@r.postjobfree.com

A self-motivated professional with 15+ years of experience in Security, Networking, Banking, and Retail Domain having valid work authorization. Led teams as a Test Lead and QA tester. Expertise in both Agile and Waterfall projects. Experienced in Regression, Functional, system, end-to-end, and Integration testing of various products. Experience in Manual System testing and exposure to Automation methodologies. 15+ years working with clients like Palo Alto Networks, Starbucks, Costco, Bank of America, Apple, and Ericsson. Strong testing and Quality Assurance experience within Agile and Waterfall environments. Experienced in manual testing and have exposure to automation and testing methodologies. Have hands-on experience in API testing using Postman and MySQL database validation. Proven skills in automating test scripts using Selenium, Python, Java, and Perl Plans test schedules and strategies according to project scope and delivery dates and monitors and tracks bugs using tools like Jira, HP ALM, Visual Studio Online, Radar, Rally, and Remedy. Expertise in delivering complex projects, conducting defect triages, sharing KPI metrics, and providing demos to the stakeholders. Ensures testing completeness and mitigates risks. Certified Professional Scrum Master (PSM) with an experience of around 2 years as a Scrum master.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Insight Global•04/2022 - 11/2023
Software QA Automation Engineer
Lead QA for 3 scrum teams with multiple projects, responsible for all IT QA deliverables in Palo Alto Networks.
Responsible for Creating, designing executing, and reviewing the test plans, test scenarios, test cases, and test reports.
Built automated test scripts for regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver.
Tracking bug fixes, and helping developers tackle ongoing problems by providing a QA perspective.
Coordinating onsite/offshore QA automation and manual team
Updated test scripts and test cases with current requirements.
Tracking all defects for known issues.
Responsible for sharing KPI metrics in the company all-hands meeting.
Responsible for functional, regression, integration, end-to-end, and database testing. Have hands-on experience in API testing using Postman and MySQL database validation.
Responsible for conducting defect triage calls.
Presented the changes and new functionalities to the stakeholders.
Worked under Waterfall, Agile, and Kanban teams for new and existing products to complete release testing as per client needs.
Tested functionality and compatibility of new changes in comparison to existing applications.
Responsible for test planning, QA resource planning, defining QA timelines, ensuring testing efforts, and test data management for all feature releases.
Improved system testing accuracy by 75% in three months, reducing defect rate by 50% using automated and manual testing.
Responsible for documentation of all testing scenarios for future releases and making sure all documents are up-to-date.
Infosys Ltd
•
03/2008 - 09/2021
Technology Test Lead
Lead QA for 3 scrum teams, responsible for all IT QA deliverables in Palo Alto Networks.
Responsible for Creating, designing executing, and reviewing the test plans, test scenarios, test cases, and test reports.
Built automated test scripts for regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver.
Tracking bug fixes, and helped developers tackle ongoing problems by providing a QA perspective.
Based on epic/user stories, documented testing scenarios for developers and future testing use.
Collaborating with onsite/ offshore QA automation and manual team leads
Reduced costs by 15% and improved customer satisfaction by 20% in 6 months, leveraging test management and relationship management.
Have hands-on experience in API testing using Postman and MySQL data validation.
Responsible for verifying if business needs are met and coordinating business scenario testing.
Responsible for gathering the requirements from the product management team and refining them into actionable test scenarios to improve customer experience.
Responsible for prioritizing the ad-hoc testing and taking necessary action accordingly to enhance the QA process.
Work closely with the product manager, developers, and the release team and provide signoff for the release process.
Technology Test Lead
Led QA team for Costco.
Responsible for creating test plans, test scenarios, test cases, and test reports.
Provided daily detailed reports on test progress, issues, and test concerns to all stakeholders.
Responsible for ensuring proper operational readiness before testing starts.
Resource planning and prioritization of projects
Identified all impediments and provided solutions to overcome them.
Technology Test Lead
Lead QA responsible for functional testing and building automation framework in Starbucks.
Responsible for Test Automation in Selenium IDE/WebDriver using Python IOAP frameworks.
Coordinating onsite/offshore QA automation and manual team.
Responsible for functional testing, regression testing, and sanity testing.
Helping the development team in debugging, troubleshooting, and resolving the issues.
Collaborated with developers and product owners to stay current on product features and intended functionality.
Responsible for test case reviews, test execution, defect creation, and mitigation of defects.
Responsible for sprint demos to the customers and other stakeholders.
Introduced a new testing process, improved test data management, and provided feedback to the developer team on the operational readiness of the project.
Technology Analyst
Test lead responsible for functional testing and offshore team coordination for Bank of America
Responsible for Creating, designing executing, and reviewing the test plans, test scenarios, test cases, and test reports.
Responsible for functional testing, regression testing, and sanity testing
Responsible for coordinating regression completion to support successful product release.
Coordinated with product managers, developers, and project managers to gather the functional specifications, scope, and timeline of the project.
Technology Analyst
Test Analyst responsible for automation and functional testing for Redback Networks (Ericsson) and Apple.
Designing Test plans and execution of test cases for all assigned project releases.
Responsible for test automation in Perl programming for Redback Networks
Performed testing of new functionality, created defects, and coordinated with the development team to fix the defects.
Involved in functional, regression, and integration testing for different Mac OS versions for Apple.
Defects were tracked, reviewed, analyzed, and compared using JIRA, and Radar tools.
Responsible for web testing, desktop application testing, and mobile testing for different mac OS versions.
Advanced Technology Services •04/2018 - 09/2018
Quality Assurance Engineer
QA lead responsible for functional and end to end testing in ATS.
Coordinating onsite and nearshore QA team
Responsible for functional testing, regression testing, and end to end testing.
Proposed testing improvements for more quality deliverables.
Responsible for web application, desktop application, and mobile testing.
Met tight deadlines to satisfy client demands and project timelines.
Responsible for all test data needs from business SMEs
Quest Global•08/2005 - 02/2008
Software Engineer
Performed the development of a framework Athena Management Framework to remotely access the residential gateway (Garibaldi) using the TR-069 protocol.
Responsible for developing the CLI module for the STP protocol. The CLI module is part of the CVT which is an integral part of the Layer-2 switch's command processing system.
Responsible for requirements analysis, design, development, build, testing, implementation, and configuration management.
Led Configuration manager in charge of different projects.
Responsible for test case creation, test execution, debugging, and release.
EDUCATION
Electronics And Communications Engineering
Cochin University of Science and Technology•06/2005

AWARDS & SCHOLARSHIPS
Onsite Flyer Rise Award
Infosys Ltd
Most Valuable Player Award
Infosys Mexico
Spot Award
Infosys Ltd

SKILLS
Customer Relationships, Team Coordination, Problem Solving, Highly Organized, Windows App Testing, Test Automation, Requirements Analysis, Test Cases, Test Planning, Integration Testing, End To End Testing, Black Box Testing, Selenium, Test Management, Github, Quality Control, Database Testing, Perl Programming Language, Project Planning, Software Testing, Bug Tracking, Regression Testing, Release Testing, Manual Testing, Sanity Testing, System Testing, Test Execution, Project Scoping, Retail Domain, Test Reporting, API Testing, Web Testing, Python, MySQL, Scrum Methodology, Java, JIRA, Software Development Life Cycle, Management skills, Communication skills, Leadership skills, Analytical skills.
Contact this candidate