ALENA H HALBERG
ad09je@r.postjobfree.com 651-***-**** Minneapolis, MN 55401
Summary
Knowledgeable professional offering 5 years of experience in different aspects of quality control as QA Engineer and Manual Tester. Focused, detail-oriented and dedicated to continuous improvement and helping team produce top results. Skills
● Critical Thinking
● Technical Writing
● Quantitative Analysis
● All type of the QA Documentation and Reporting
● Test Plan Development
● Customer Communication
● User Acceptance Testing
● Mobile testing
● Web testing
● Rest API testing(Postman and Charles + Dev Tools)
● DB testing (SQL, MySQL Workbanch)
● Performance testing
● Agile metodology
● Scram process
Experience
AKM Enterprise Inc Houston, TX, USA
QA Engineer
05/2022 - Current
● Built lasting rapport with clients and vendors to foster satisfaction and loyalty.
● Tickets requirements and description investigation (for clients best experience after realization) and estimation
● Investigated or reported questionable test results.
● Analyzed issues and recommended corrective actions to improve final results.
● Interpreted test results, compared to specifications and control limits and recommended data for release.
● Collaborated with quality team members and leaders to monitor conformance to quality standards.
● Trained employees in proper equipment use and product testing procedures.
Helmes Consulting Warsaw, Poland, EU
QA Engineer
02/2022 - 04/2022
● Requirement clarification (calls with Business team, Support team, Clients sometimes)
● Functional, Regression, Smoke, Rest API testing, Manual web testing, Mobile testing ((iOS and Android testing).
● Test documentation creation (test cases, check lists)
● Bug reporting, bug fixes verification
Velmie (Fintech Lithuania partner now)
Lethuania, EU
QA Engineer
01/2021 - 02/2022
● Functional, integration, system manual testing,
● Creation of the test documentation, creating test-plan, bug reports, verification of requirements, test cases/checklists creating and updating for the web-application components and integration testing,
● Communication with the customers,
● Web-testing of the e-commerce product,
● Pre-Release and Release testing reporting to the team and stakeholders.
● I was working as a member of a self-organized agile team to gain the necessary input and ensure
accurate and complete testing activities within each area and task.
● I have a good knowledge of software testing processes with QA reporting mechanisms. I always pay attention to test planning and estimation of the tasks.
● I understand the Development Lifecycle well, appreciate the Agile principles and self-organization. Also, I have pretty good communication skills, a strong sense of responsibility, attentiveness, and good learning skills.
Insite Software Minneapolis, MN, USA
QA Engineer
01/2019 - 01/2021
● Agile methodology
● Manual web testing, Mobile testing ((iOS and Android testing) - MySQL Management Studio, Git, Visual Studio 2019, Android Studio, SourceTree, Bitrise and etc.)
● Functional, Regression, Smoke, Rest API testing
● Test documentation creation (test cases, check lists)
● Bug reporting, bug fixes verification-Bug-tracking systems - Jira
● Test cases and Test suites creation - TestRail,
● Communication with QA, Developers, Product Owners, Product Managers, BAs
Education and Training
The National Academy of Schience of Belarus Minsk, Belarus Master of Arts in Fine Arts And Art History
05/2016
The Belarussian State University of Culture And Ar Minsk, Belarus Bachelor of Arts in Cultural Studies
06/2011
Languages
English:
Professional
Belarussian:
Native/ Bilingual
Russian:
Professional
Websites, Portfolios, Profiles
● https://www.linkedin.com/in/alena-halberg-20482195/
Contact this candidate