Mohanasundari Lakshmikanth
+1-774-***-**** • ad09no@r.postjobfree.com • Shrewsbury, MA 01545 • WWW: Bold Profile Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Looking for a position in software testing (Manual/Automation), where I can use my skills and knowledge for software program testing. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills.
Summary
Selenium Automation Testing
Selenium Web Driver
Maven
TestNG
Data Driven Testing
TestNG.XML Suite for
Group,Regression &
Functional Testing
POM
JUnit
Apache POI
Java
C++
SQL
Version Controlling with GIT,
GITHUB
Ticket Management with JIRA
Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC)
Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC)
Waterfall methodology
AGILE Methodology
Agile - Sprint planning
Daily standup
Sprint Review
Sprint Retrospective
Product backlog
Skills
03/2021 - 06/2023
QA Automation Engineer, Phantom Solutions - FinaHQ Project, CHENNAI, TAMIL NADU
12/2019 - 02/2021
QA Automation Engineer, Phantom Solutions - WattaWoW Project, CHENNAI, TAMIL NADU
Experience
• Supervised a team of QA Engineers in executing all phases of testing activities. Conducted manual and automated tests on software applications to identify bugs or defects.
•
Provided support in developing automation scripts using various tools like Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber .
•
Participated in Bi-Weekly User story Grooming Sessions and Iteration Planning meetings with Scrum Master, Product Owners and Agile Team Members.
•
Prepared the test strategies and discussed the testing goals for each sprint with the team, assigned User stories to document test cases, test data
•
• Reported the Testing status for the current Sprint daily during Scrum meetings.
• Coordinating with the functional consultants to validate the test results. Identified opportunities for improving the efficiency of the QA process through automation or other means.
•
Developed and implemented test plans, strategies, and processes to ensure quality assurance of products.
•
Provided support in developing automation scripts using various tools like Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven Framework.
•
Conducted manual and automated tests on software applications to identify bugs or defects.
•
01/2006 - 09/2008
QA Lead, Cognizant Tech Solutions - Hartford P&C Project 01/2004 - 01/2006
QA Tester, Cognizant Technology Solutions, Salt Lake City, Utah, US 01/2002 - 01/2004
Software Developer, Polaris Software Lab
Hartford is a leading provider of investment products - annuities, mutual funds, college savings plans - as well as life insurance, group and employee benefits, automobile and homeowners' insurance, and business insurance.
•
• ICES is an international leader in the field of HealthCare data, analysis and application The company serves multiple health care market segments on a business-to-business basis, including pharmaceutical companies, health insurers and other payers, care providers, large employers and governments.
•
GBS [Global Banking System] is a large-scale, high-End mission critical next generation distributed core Banking System, for NEC Corporation.
•
04/2004
Master Of Computer Applications (M.C.A)
Bharathidasan University, Trichy
Grade: Distinction
04/2001
Bachelor Of Science (B.Sc.) In Computer Science
Guru Shree Shanti Vijay Jain College For Women.
Grade: First Class (Received Gold Medal in Third Year for Academic Performance) GNIIT Course, Computer Science And Programming
NIIT, INDIA
Completed 2 Years Course in Computer Applications with 81% Education
Certifications Certified QA Automation Engineer from Greens Technologies (Java with Selenium WebDriver, Git, GitHub, Jira)
•
CPST(Certificate Program in Software Testing), QAI Global Institute, 04/01/2012
•
• Deutsch (German Language) A1,A2, Sprachschule, Dusseldorf, NA English:
Native/ Bilingual
Tamil:
Native/ Bilingual
Telugu:
Native/ Bilingual
Languages
Contact this candidate