Pushpalatha N Phone: 819-***-****
Sr. Software Engineer E-mail: ad0apc@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
4.6 years of experience as Senior QA Engineer with understanding and hands-on experience in all phases of Software Testing, Web and mobile technologies, Testing Methodologies. Having extensive experience of working with Agile Methodology and Experience in Manual Testing, Basics of Selenium Web-Driver with java, SQL and API Testing with Postman tool.
I have completed Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Bangalore, India. Technical Skills
JIRA
Manual Testing- Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing and End to End Testing
Selenium Web-Driver with Java
Agile Methodology
SQL
API testing using Postman tool
Web testing
Mobile App Testing- Manual
Mantis Bug Tracking tool
Professional Experience
Citius IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Duration: Oct 2021 – June 2023 CitiusTech is a specialized provider of healthcare technology and business process services to healthcare technology companies, healthcare providers, managed care organizations, health plans, and disease management companies.
Project Score+ MRR Apr2023 Duration: Nov 2021 – April 2023 Summary The Medical Record Review program is a continuous quality improvement program that measures and evaluates medical record documentation of care as well as timeliness and quality of service. It is designed improve HEDIS score of the providers by easing process of converting non-compliant data to compliant and simultaneously increasing providers reputation.
Main
Technologies
SQL, JIRA, Web Testing
Responsibilities Test scenarios, Test cases writing along with Test Execution.
Worked on Hotfix testing.
Worked on End-to-End testing of the application.
Reviewing of test scenarios and test cases for other team members.
Presented demo for the clients.
Worked on logging defects in JIRA.
Participated in retrospective feedback sessions.
Providing estimations for testing.
Exponent Dynamix Duration: Dec 2018 – Oct 2021
Exponent Dynamix is an Information Technology and Services company based out of India. Project Training Workbench Web Application Duration: Dec 2018 – Oct 2021 Summary Training Workbench is a Learning Management System which is a software application for the Administration, Documentation, Tracking, Reporting, Automation, and Delivery of Educational courses, training programs, or learning and development programs Main
Technologies
Mantis, Web Testing, Postman, Selenium Web-driver, Core Java Responsibilities
Understood and analysed the requirements
Prepared and executed the Testcases
Performed Smoke testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing and End to End Testing
Identified defects and tracking the same
Executed automation scripts using selenium tool
Reported bugs using Mantis bug tracker tool
Interacted with the developers, Business and Management teams, and clients
Basic Database queries
Communicated with clients and resolved their queries regarding the product Project TWB Mobile App Duration: June 2020 – Oct 2021 Summary TWB is a Mobile app which allows the users to enrol to the online trainings, access the learning contents and submit the feedback on trainings. Main
Technologies
Mantis, Mobile App Testing
Responsibilities
Understood and analysed the requirements
Developed Manual testing test cases and executed the same.
Performed Compatibility testing, Functional Testing, Security Testing manually on Mobile app
Reported defects using Mantis Bug Tracker Tool and tracked the same
Helped in debugging the defects.
Educational Background
BE – Electronics and Communication Engineering – BIT, VTU University, Bangalore, India, Year 2018
Contact this candidate