Leakey Onyango Okeyo Software QA Engineer
Colorado Springs, CO 80924 540-***-**** ad0an1@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
Software QA Engineer having experience testing software to detect bugs and checking whether a product complies with the requirements. Performing functional, GUI, usability testing to monitor the stability of the application. Designing and executing test cases, reporting bugs in Jira. Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting. Assisting teams deliver products within the required time, budget, and quality. With a passion for technology and a results-driven mindset, I am eager to take on new challenges as a manual tester. With exceptional organizational skills and strong communication skills, I am ready to be a valuable asset to any organization. Green Card holder.
Platforms: macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS, Android
Browsers: Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge, Opera
Web testing: Chrome DevTools
Mobile testing: Android Studio, Xcode, ADB, UNIX, BrowserStack
Test management: Jira, TestRail
API testing: REST API, Postman, Charles Proxy
Data analysis: MySQL, Tableau, Power BI
Programming languages: Python, SQL
Languages: English, Swahili

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Software QA Engineer March 2023 - Present
TalentNow, Colorado Springs, CO
●Testing software to detect bugs and make sure a product complies with the requirements.
●Performing cross-platform, functional, UI and regression testing for a mobile app
●Improving bug reports and helping developers with bug fixing applying Chrome DevTools
●Designing, developing and executing test cases using TestRail
●Performing different types of testing, including functional, system and regression testing
●Identify issues during test execution, troubleshooting and reporting in Jira!
●Collaborate with development team to triage defects and findings!
Payables Accountant August 2021 - June 2022
Neighborhood Properties LLC, Charlottesville, VA,
●Ensured payment accuracy and integrity in processing.
●Conducted thorough audits of invoices for precision and compliance.
●Compiled comprehensive financial reports with attention to detail.
●Reconciled bank statements for accurate financial records
Senior Finance Officer October 2020 - May 2021
LVCT Health, Nairobi, Kenya
●Developed comprehensive annual operational plans for both the finance team and donor budgets.
●Assumed a pivotal role in crafting proposal budgets and optimizing the management of grants for enhanced efficiency.
●Led the facilitation of Statutory and Grant audits resulting in unqualified audit reports, ensuring adherence to compliance standards.
●Provided technical support for grant and subgrant management, ensuring adherence to compliance regulations.
EDUCATION

Software Testing and Quality Assurance Training - Careerist
B.COM, Accounting and Finance - Kenya College of Accountancy University, Kisumu, Kenya
Contact this candidate