MOSBAH ALNAWASHI
415-***-**** · ad0e59@r.postjobfree.com · San Ramon, CA 94582

QA Lead / Senior SDET Engineer (Remote WFH only)
www.linkedin.com/in/mosbahalnawashi
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
●Over 10 years of professional experience in testing with extensive knowledge of Automation Framework Design and Implementation using Java and Selenium.
●Experience in Manual and Automated Testing of UI and functional aspects of Web based Applications on multiple levels of SDLC and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) with Agile Scrum.
●Good knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming Concepts (OOPS) and Java skills.
●Good experience in creating test cases and test scripts using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG in Java.
●Proficient with testing Web (UI) and Database testing.
●Experience in Data-Driven Test using Jenkins and Excel.
●Expert using bug tracking tools: Azure DevOps, JIRA, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Rally, and HP ALM.
●Good Knowledge with Java, C#, HTML, XML, and CSS.
●Expertise in performing different types of Testing: White Box testing, Unit, Integration, Black Box, Smoke, Functional, Stress, Volume, System, Performance, and Regression Testing.
●Extensive working knowledge in SQL Queries for backend data validation.

CORE COMPETENCIES and TECHNICAL SKILLS
Testing Tools/ Framework
Selenium WebDriver · Cucumber · Postman · TestNG · Junit · NUnit· Maven
Defect Reporting Tools
Jira · Azure DevOps · Team Foundation Server (TFS)
Programming Languages
Java · C# · C++ · SQL
Operating Systems
Windows · MacOS · Linux · Unix
IDE Frameworks / Tools
Eclipse · IntelliJ IDEA · MS VS Code · MS Visio · MS Office Suite
SDLC Methodologies
Agile Scrum

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Safeway (Albertsons) – Pleasanton CA May 2022 – Present
QA Lead / Senior SDET Engineer

●Worked in analysis, design of highly complex and scalable web-based applications.
●Working experience in Agile scrum methodology in fast paced development teams
●Perform Manual and Automation testing on Web UI
●Execute White/Black box Testing, Regression Testing, System Integration testing, User Acceptance Testing, Pre-production Validation and Production Validation on Web UI for different projects using Java and POM design model and testing tools: TestNG, Cucumber BDD, and Selenium.
●Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA
●Provides testing leadership and direction.
●Mentoring QA teams and getting solutions in place.
●Providing technical oversight of creating/writing test approach, test cases, and results
●Ensures good software QA practices are followed.
●Perform Code review and Pull requests (PR) review using GitHub and GitHub Actions
●Define, discuss, and publish teams Definition of Ready and Definition of Done.
●Work with Product Owner and Tech lead in creating and understanding the requirements using Jira.
●Review requirements with Product Owner and help in product backlog grooming and backlog refinement.
●Assess the complexity of the user stories and help teams in estimation of user stories and scope of work.
●Address technical difficulties among the teams and get clarification for QA Teams
●Help Scrum Master during the sprint’s retrospection to asses any kind of technical risks, provide solutions to mitigate risks.
●Provide guidance with examples for QA Teams for designing, implementing, and deploying build and release.
●Collaborate with QA/Dev leads in approving QA activities for different projects and teams.
●Provide Product Owner demos as part of the acceptance criteria for the user functional stories.

Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies – Lakewood CO. June 2020 – May 2022
QA Lead / Senior SDET Engineer

●Investigate test and production failures, perform root cause analysis and create detailed bug reports of Embedded Systems.
●Strong Selenium automation, Java skills, Experience in agile development methodologies
●Capable of technical deep-dives into test scenarios and automation framework
●Performing manual and automated testing of all releases and communicating defects and test results
●Execute White/Black box Testing, Regression Testing, System Integration testing, User Acceptance Testing, Dry Run, Pre-production Validation and Production Validation on the actual Embedded Medical device for different projects using Java and POM design model and testing tools: TestNG, Cucumber BDD, Selenium, and Maven.
●Identified and analyzed software failures and reported them via JIRA, created complete, clear, and easily reproducible JIRA tickets and HP ALM
●Managed a team of QA Testers, provided the managerial and technical leadership of team.
●Mentored senior and junior QA professionals to strengthen core testing and application knowledge/experience across the entire team.
●Assists Testing Manager with oversight of all testing performed by the QA team, ensuring that processes are adhered to and training is conducted at defined frequencies
●Represent QA team and contribute to architecture reviews, design reviews, code reviews, and Pull requests (PR), and static code inspections.
●Work with Product Owner in understanding the requirements using Team Foundation Server (TFS) and Jira
●Manage the creation of test cases from requirements document and other related artifacts. Design test cases for system testing and document them.
●Works with the development teams and Product owners to refine and prioritize user stories and test cases and drive the test execution of the agile sprints.
●Address technical difficulties among the teams and get clarification for QA Teams, Dev, and PO
●Provides guidance and training to less experienced QA Team members.
●Collaborate with developers to create White box test strategy, test plans from functional specifications.
●manage an automation team, create and assign tasks, hold a sprint planning meeting, sprint calls, retrospective meeting, end of sprint demo and open for continues Agile process improvement.

San Mateo Credit Union – San Mateo CA October 2018 – May 2020
Senior SDET Engineer
●Worked in an Agile Software development methodology.
●Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing using Java and POM design model and Selenium, TestNG, and Maven.
●Involved in designing and developing of automation framework to be used in UI testing with Selenium.
●Executed parallel browser testing on various machines using Selenium Grid and Maven scripts and performed cross browser testing.
●Used Jenkins as continuous integration server to run automated test suites for nightly batch run of the Script.
●Created Maven build files to run the Selenium tests and created reports in HTML format
●Test automation for web application using Cucumber.
●Execute browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium for testing UI for every new build release.
●Created scripting to test REST API functionality for regression setup
●Performing API testing using Postman and Rest Assured.
●Worked in all areas of Jenkins setting up CI for new branches, build automation, plugin management and securing Jenkins and setting up master/slave configurations.
●Wrote and perform tests using Java web applications to automate web controls testing.
●Logged the defects in JIRA for the issues encountered during execution.
●Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database and perform Database Testing.

Florida Blue – Jacksonville, FL February 2017 – September 2018
SDET Engineer
●Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG and Maven.
●Implemented Agile methodology and attended Scrum meetings.
●Created scripting to test REST API functionality for regression setup
●Developed and Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver and Java.
●Created XML based test suit and integrated with Jenkins Server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in different test environments with different test configurations.
●Developed Test Plans, Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Scripts, and Test Data and Traceability Matrix.
●Performed automated acceptance test written in TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
●Performing functional, regression and integration testing using Automation tools to make sure the application conforms to the requirement specifications.
●Continuous monitoring of jobs and analysis of the failures on Jenkins Environment.
●Performing API testing using Postman and Rest Assured.
●Involved in writing codes Using Java.
●Used XML and HTML report technology in reporting the automation results.
●Proficient in Database Testing using SQL Queries with multiple Databases: Oracle, SQL Server and MySQL.
●Used SQL queries for performing the Back-End Test execution.
●Preparing reports and test results after each release cycle for management and further test planning.

BNSF Railway – Fort Worth TX January 2016 – January 2017
QA Automation Engineer
●Prepared and Executed Test Cases for Functional and Integration testing.
●Involved in preparing Test Plan and Test Cases based on business requirements.
●Created, Reviewed, and updated Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Data.
●Generated test cases in spread sheet and upload them into Jira.
●Performed end-to-end testing, Integration Testing, UAT Testing and Regression testing.
●Performed Manual Testing and Automation Testing of the Web Application.
●Extensively used Selenium IDE to record, playback and debug individual test cases, using Selenium WebDriver provided more flexibility in automating test cases.
●Worked on distributed test automation execution on different environment as part of Continuous Integration Process using Selenium Grid, TestNG, Maven scripts, and Jenkins.
●Performed Integration and Regression testing to check compatibility of new functionality with the existing functionalities of the application using Selenium WebDriver.
●Participated in the sprints to create test cases, perform test execution.

GreenSky, LLC. – Alpharetta GA September 2014 – December 2015
QA Automation Engineer
●Actively participated in Project Team Meetings. Interacted and communicated with developers and Business Analysts.
●Worked with Business Analysts using Behavior-driven development (BDD) process.
●Implemented Test Cases using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, and Maven using Java to automate the UI testing.
●Integrated Automation scripts in Continuous Integration tool: Jenkins
●Automated backend testing using TestNg framework
●Used GIT as version control tool integrated with Jenkins for CI/CD
●Developed Performance Test plan, executed Load testing, analyzed the results, and generated testing reports.

Barrett Business Services Inc. (BBSI) – Vancouver, WA. January 2013 – September 2014
QA Manual and Automation Engineer
●Involved in Manual Testing.
●Reported defects and involved in Defect tracking process.
●Performed Web Application testing on a project operated within agile environment, with 2-week sprints, daily scrum meetings, task waiting, presentations and review.
●Studied the requirements documents to understand Project.
●Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite.
●Understand testing requirements by studying Test strategy.
●Created tests that have no user interaction as a set and executed them as Batch tests using Maven.
●Involved in Test cases documents review along with Test lead.
●Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.
●Executed test cases on Software build and prepared test log with daily results.
●Performed UI and front-end testing using Selenium.

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Science: Harrisburg University of Science and Technology, Harrisburg PA 2018
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science: Philadelphia University, Jordan 2008
Diploma in Computer Science and Information Technology: AL-Balqa’ Applied University, Jordan 2002
Contact this candidate