Saniye Savran
QA AUTOMATION ENGINEER
ad0iz4@r.postjobfree.com +1-513-***-**** Solon, Ohio
https://www.linkedin.com/in/saniye-savran/
Highly motivated QA Automation Engineer with over 7+ years of knowledge and experience in healthcare area. Bringing 2 years of Manuel and Automation Testing experience of web-based applications. Mastered in quality assurance, testing process, defect tracking and reporting. Testing Tools : Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, Junit, Test NG Testing Methods: Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, API Testing, Front and Back-end Testing
Operating Systems : Mac OS, Microsoft Server
Languages: Java, SQL
Frameworks: Behavior-Driven and POM approach
IDE: Eclipse, IntelliJ
API: POSTMAN, Rest Assured
Methodologies: Agile/Scrum
Version Control System Tools: Git and GitHub
Bug Tracking Tools: Jira
Addition Skills: Medical Terminology, Medical device experience SKILLS
JUN 2021 - PRESENT
YouROK Corporation
QA Automation Engineer
“YouROK” is an emotional resiliency app that is addictingly fun to play while developing skills to manage difficulties in a child's life state. Developing Cucumber BDD test automation framework using Selenium WebDriver, Maven, based on Page Object Model.
Automating Cucumber BDD scenarios that focused on the expected behaviors of the product to speed up the software development processes. Writing Test Cases and executing test scripts using IntelliJ IDE. Gherkin (Cucumber) and implementing the Junit Test Runner class to call Test Cases in Cucumber.
Implement Java, Selenium WebDriver to automate scenarios written minimal manual intervention and code reusability.
Performing Manual Testing on the application and performing Automation Testing on the Web pages.
Writing proficient Java code step definitions for test scenario. Create many test cases such as Smoke, Functionality and Regression for testing. Performing remote execution of daily Smoke Tests with Jenkins and sending email reports to ensure that the major functions of the software were functioning properly.
Implementing AGILE-Scrum methodology and actively participate in sprint planning, daily stand up and sprint retrospective meetings.
Maintaining defect tracking in Excel spreadsheets. Perform Defect Tracking & Management in JIRA.
Experience Postman for manually API Testing and created Automation scripts for Automated API testing.
Work with Git/GitHub Version Control tool.
EXPERIENCE
Maintaining defect tracking in Excel spreadsheets. Perform Defect Tracking & Management in JIRA.
Experience Postman for manually API Testing and created Automation scripts for Automated API testing.
Work with Git/GitHub Version Control tool.
FEB 2009 - JAN 2017
Denizli State Hospital
Healthcare Professional
Put the patient at ease, answering the patient’s questions, provide support to nervous patients by explaining what they should expect. Gathered information on patient’s illnesses and medical history and reviewing existing documents to guide the choice of diagnostic procedures for therapy. Used plenty of medical devices.
Investigated related failures, design, and manufacturing history of failed devices. Performed quality control checks on operating room and ICU equipment or devices. Provided data analysis and patient information for diagnostic interpretation or therapeutic procedures
Trained or supervised student or subordinate nurses. Routinely used software including Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Excel, Word, etc.) for patient scheduling and ensuring smooth workflow between other OR and ICU departments.
Used computer skills with some work experience in medical device operating system troubleshooting and repaired by determining root-cause and analysis. Created defect management report when medical device has a failure and forwarding it to the engineer.
Retested the device after engineers fix the defect. Tested the medical devices every morning before starting to monitoring patients. Completed and approved the check-list during the regular maintenance with the engineer.
Updated risk documentation as appropriate.
JUN 2020 - DEC 2020
Training for QA Automation Testing
Silicone Labs
SEP 2018 - JUN 2019
Career Education
Great Oaks Career Campus
2008
Bachelor Degree
Pamukkale University
EDUCATION
JAN 2021 - MAR 2021
QA Engineer
Kese Home Exchange Project
“Kese” is an online platform for marketplace, home exchange, rent a room, carpooling, bed & breakfast, cargo.
Reviewed and analyzed system features and business requirements, Participated in the development of testing strategies and plans, Analyzed test scenarios in line with software development projects, Experienced in BDD Cucumber automation framework,
Created and analyzed reports in Cucumber,
Designed and write test automation scripts according to the prepared test scenarios,
Created logs to document test phases and defects,
Worked with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle,
Defined and documented test conditions,
Used XRAY for Test Management in Jira
PROJECTS
Contact this candidate