Taras Bilyk
· Cell : 773-***-**** · emai: ad0ixq@r.postjobfree.com · LinkeIn·
Overview
I bring 7 years of expertise in IT with emphasis on Quality Assurance for Web and Mobile applications. Through meticulous analysis, comprehensive testing, and effective collaboration, I aim to enhance customer satisfaction, minimize defects, and drive continuous improvement in software development process. By advocating for a culture of quality and striving for excellence, my goal is to contribute to the success of the organization while exceeding customer expectations and industry standards.
Quality Assurance Business analysis Development
Definition of Requirements Cross-functional team experience Multi-level Communication User Story Definition Use Case delivery Workflow definition Smoke & Sanity Testing Exploratory Testing Data-driven validation Regression Testing Integration Testing Cross-Browser Testing Guided UAT testing UI/UX testing Interrupt Testing Defect Tracking & Resolution Designing use case Managing issue & bug Mobile Application Testing Acceptance Criteria Design Testing Standards End to End Testing (E2E) Agile & Scrum Methodology Scrum Ceremonies Kanban Methodology JIRA HTML
Web-Link Validator Confluence MS SQL Server
Windows 7/8/10 Apple Teams
Elementool Slack CSS
GesherSoft, Portland, OR 04/2020 – Present
Software QA Engineer
GesherSoft provides comprehensive services in finance, education, telecommunication, E-Commerce & retail, healthcare, insurance. Company develops tailored business software: web and mobile applications, comprehensive solutions for startups and SMB companies.
Analyzed Business requirements and Functional documents, involved in the test Planning that defines the planning the test activities, resources, entry and exit criteria.
Managing issue resolution in JIRA with development team - Defect Process Management
Developed Test cases and Test Scripts using Functional Requirement Document. Test scenarios are created for Positive, Negative, Boundary cases, etc.
Automation testing using Selenium Web driver. UI testing using DevTools, inspected elements CSS/JavaScript/HTML, CI/CD.
Validating the assigned defect/tracking the defect for closure, performed data validation in PostgreSQL DB.
Creating Functional/Regression Test Cases in JIRA under Test Plan. Review Test Requirements, creating Test Plans and Test Strategy documents.
Performed Functional Testing to identify various critical points in the application.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing)
Directly Interacted with Project Team, Developers, Business Analysts and Clients for Test requirements and Testing
Worked in QA team on the same GitHub repository for the project. Used Git commands, worked on code conflict resolutions using Terminal/Git commands in IJ .
Worked with Jenkins to build configuration. Executed Jenkins jobs for testing purposes and analyzed test results using Cucumber reports.
Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Gherkin, HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Provided daily status reports, defect matrices, and daily updates to Project Manager/Client One Touch Design, Chicago, Illinois 03/2009-03/2020 Project Manager (QA software tester)
Performed Quality checks and mandatory approvals to ensure the quality process has been followed during the production process and customer receive products free from defects and meet their needs.
Repairs and maintenance existing software while having minimal impact on continuing production schedules.
Working with designers, engineers, architects, and IT developments on projects.
Perform Integration, Smoke, Functional, Regression, and System testing perform compatibility testing for various browsers (Chrome, IE, Firefox)
Test cases are designed for the black box testing and perform boundary value analysis, decision table analysis for business rules, and state transition verification.
Analyze issues and create a defect in Jira with the cause of the issue and monitor defect status Utilize Confluence as the repository for creating, modifying and storage of test documentation. Education
Academy (Ukraine-Lviv) January, 1999
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Biochemistry & Engineering Extensive OJT (On Job Training) in various aspects of software development, Quality Assurance & Testing.
Contact this candidate