PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY
Excellent understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Configuration Management, Software Testing Cycle (STLC), Defect Life Cycle (DLC)
Experience in waterfall and Agile methodologies, Traceability Matrix (RTM)
Write Test cases for manual testing based on the
requirements.
Experience in Bug Tracking System, and process using JIRA, also expert in test management tools HP QC/ALM
Has experience working and understanding of Core Java.
Expert in developing Cucumber (BDD) feature files using Gherkin for automation using Selenium WebDriver
Expert in developing the Automation framework from scratch and enhance by using Maven, and Run the Test suite using TestNG, Maven, Page Object Model (POM) and Page Factory
Working knowledge in object-oriented programming (OOPs) concept such as inheritance, polymorphism, abstraction, encapsulation, and interface
Use Jenkins for continuous integration, GitHub for version control management.
Can create custom XPath to find Web Elements from HTML code.
Expert in Restful API Testing
Possess excellent skills in Manual Testing along with skills in Automation Testing using HP Quality Center and Quick Test Professional (QTP)/ UFT
Experience in complex SQL statements in RDBMS like Oracle, and MS SQL Server
Attend daily Scrum meeting, Planning Sprint, Sprint Review, and Retrospective meetings.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment, with a minimum of supervision.
Experienced in making software defects reproducible and reporting them to developers.
Excellent in technical communication, documentation, interpersonal and reporting skills
Enthusiastic positive self-motivated, hard worker & punctual, professional attitude and work ethics

WORK STATUS
US Citizen

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software Testing Tools
• Methodology:
Waterfall Agile (Scrum) V-Model (Software Development)
•Unix awareness
•Defect Management
Jira, Bamboo, Ant, Azur DevOps, QC/ALM, JIRA,
Postman
•Test Documentation
Test Plan, Test Case,
•Operating Systems:
MS-DOS Windows MacOS
• Databases
Microsoft Access Oracle Microsoft SQL Serve
• Selenium Web Driver Eclipse IntelliJ TestNG Cucumber
• Appium
• Language
JAVA, Shell Scripting for automation, HTML, SQL, VBScript,
• Gherkins
• CM
• Git, SVN, Maven
•Healthcare experience with EDI transactions
•API

EDUCATION
Master of Science
National University - Bangladesh
Bachelor of Science
National University - Bangladesh

REFERENCES
Reference: Available upon Request.

ENVIRONMENT
Windows 10, 11, JIRA, MS Office 10, Skype, SharePoint, Share drive, GitHub, Cucumber (BDD), Java, XML, API, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, SQL Server,

JUI BHUIYAN

Bronx, New York

914-***-****

ad0sd3@r.postjobfree.com
Solution-driver and customer-focused Software Test Engineer with excellent experience of driving software and web solutions, ensuring customer satisfaction, meeting business needs, and increasing profits via efficient IT product development and redesign seeking a challenging position in any Information Technology field.

EXPERIENCE

QA Automation Engineer Ally Financial - Detroit, MI
03/2022 - Current
Ally Financial is an American bank holding company. The company provides financial services including car finance, online banking via a direct bank, corporate lending, vehicle insurance, mortgage loans, and an electronic trading platform to trade financial assets.
Project: Core Execution
Application: Web-Based (Core) application to manage asset and generate report for federal Bank
Responsibilities:
Designed and developed Test Plan, Test cases, and Automation Test Scripts
Managed the Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) between requirements and test cases.
Collaborating with Developers, Technical Project Managers, and Product Managers to understand fast-changing project requirements.
Conducted Backend testing using SQL and database concepts.
Developed automated scripts using Java in Selenium Web Driver with maven, cucumber, and TestNG.
Performed test automation Development using test framework that implements Page Object Model (POM), cucumber feature files, and TestNG.
Utilized Continuous Integration Tools (Jenkins) for automation script run on a nightly basis and to provide quick feedback to the developers.
Implemented Maven for Project build tool, and Git for code repository management.
Modernized script using Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts in Java.
Manipulated Regression testing to verify the functionality with the new codes introduced for modification and/or enhancement using Selenium Framework
Cannibalized XPath method to identify the web elements by using selenium locators like Id, Name, XPath, Text method Link Text in the application.
Involved in Web Services Testing using Rest-API with Rest- Assured
Intricate in managing the user stories and assigning priorities in JIRA.
Reporting defects, and defect life cycle using Atlassian JIRA and HP Quality Center ALM
Evolved an automation Test plan to execute automation cases in different environment based on testing requirements and created Test cases for Application module.
Extensively worked with Database verifications, Validations, and developed Complex SQL Queries for Backend Testing with Oracle
Responsible for weekly status updates showing the progress of the manual and automated testing.
Participated actively in team meetings with Functional/Development Team for fixing the bugs.
Led 2-3 junior QA team member for smaller or part of project to achieve results.

QA Automation Engineer AMC Network - New York, New York
04/2020 - 02/2022
AMC is an American entertainment company headquartered in New York, that owns and operates the cable channels AMC (its eponymous brand), IFC, WE tv, BBC America (through a joint venture with BBC Studios), and Sundance TV
· Project: Audience Management Portal
· Application: AMP- Web based application -designed to manage and track Audience payment
Responsibilities:
Actively involved in all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), which includes requirement, analysis, design, development, testing and documentation, Agile/Scrum methodologies
Designed and developed test plans, test cases, and automated test scripts
Engage in analyzing Business Level Requirements, and Manual testing methods.
Experience in writing test plans, test cases/scenarios, test strategy and analyzing test results.
Accomplish Smoke, Functional, Integration, System, UAT Testing, Regression and GUI testing.
Compassed end-to-end testing considering all interfaces and subsystems for functional and non-functional testing.
Coordinated with the EDI team in developing and documenting the detailed testing work plans and created the various testing documents for the assigned EDI transactions.
Defect Tracking and Bug Reporting performed using Quality Center
Identified correct GUI elements using various Selenium Locators, XPath and CSS to find the Web Elements using selenium and creating automation scripts.
Yield and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application's GUI and in the test, environment using Selenium Web Driver
Evolved and executed Selenium test cases using Maven (Page Object Model) and Jenkins
Experience in using Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, Java and TestNG framework in creating test scripts, Annotation, Parameterization, Data providers, Test suites and HTML reports.
Parallel running test scripts using Selenium Grid & get report in Local Machine
Harness Jenkins as Continuous Integration Tool to integrate Selenium test results.
Enlightened and executed complex SQL queries to validate test data.

QA Analyst Fidelis Care - New York City
02/2018 - 03/2020
Fidelis Care was founded on the belief that all New Yorkers should have access to affordable, quality health insurance.
Project: ACE (Affordable Coverage Eligibility)
Application: ACNY (Affordable Care for New Yorker) Fidelis Care offers quality, affordable coverage to residents across the State of New York, including products available through Medicaid, Medicare, and the NY State of Health Integrated Eligibility
Job Responsibilities:
Worked closely with team members to understand the product/business requirements and use cases.
Review with the team all necessary documents and ensure that all scripts and documents are updated.
Enhanced Test Plans, define test Scenarios and write Test Cases according to user requirements, stories, system, and business rules.
Working in Agile Scrum development approach and participated in Sprint Planning, Daily Standup, Release Planning, and Retrospective
Create Test Plan, Test Cases, and Test Scripts as per user stories and acceptance criteria.
Progressive Cucumber (BDD) Feature files using Gherkin and automated them using Selenium WebDriver with Java
Actualize manual testing for all modules before creating automated scripts to validate the test procedures.
Formulated and executed the SQL Queries in SQL Developer to test the data validation and other business functionalities such as required fields, data formats, and duplicate rows and data integrities.
Unix awareness, Shell Scripting for automation, API (Ready API or others) testing, Healthcare experience with EDI transactions.
Implement Regression testing for every modification in the application and new releases.
Log defects in JIRA and HP Quality Center ALM assigned them to the responsible person and tracked until they are fixed.
Work closely with the developers to resolve defects, issues and understanding the functionality.

.
Contact this candidate