Vy Nhat Nguyen
Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam +84-359******
Email Address: ad0uc5@r.postjobfree.com

Education

Bachelor of Engineering (BS) October 2019
Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam

Experience

JACOBINS DIGITAL— Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam October 2022 – March 2023

QA (Oct 2022- Mar 2023) Responsible for quality of integration from new version of Microsoft D365 system to existing ERP system of An Nam group. Review User Manual and write test case to verify quality of functions for independent features under Microservices Architecture
●Inventory management: Inventory management setup (Site, Warehouse, Location), General Warehouse Process (manage item, Item reciept process, Item issurance process, Stock transfer process, Stock Counting Process, Warehouse report(On-hand reports, Physical inventory value, counting statistics, transfer orders)
●Procurement transaction management: General procurement process, purchase item management, manage vendor, manage purchase requisition, manage purchase order, manage return order, vendor management,
●Sales Transaction Management: Customer Management, Sales Price/Discount, Sales Orders Management, Sales Order Return Management, Sales Report
●Process Management: Managing module Account Payable, create and maintain payment schedules, create invoice journal, invoice PO, Item charge Voucher after posting, invoice journal for fixed asset, correction purchase invoice, reduce vendor balance, settle vendor balance, reverse vendor settle, Account Payable reports
●Loyalty Management: Loyalty Reward Points, Loyalty program, Loyalty schemes, loyalty cards (assign loyalty card, card adjustments, transfer points, card transactions
●Pricing and discounts: management workspace, discount periods, discounts, mix and match discounts, quantity discounts, threshold discounts, coupons, price adjustments, shipping threshold discounts, channel tender discounts, gift cards
●POS management: Login POS, searching customers, sales item, return item on POS, checking price, searching item, change quantity, void lines and void transactions, supend transactions

ZALORA GROUP— Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam December 2020 – January 2022

QA Release Manager(Dec 2020- Jan 2022) Inherited, execute process methodology from training and observe release cycle testing with Regression manual testing and run automation script to ensure the quality of new features needed to release as well as other independent function in app.

●Responsible for feature release and maintenance of both Brand Experience Squad and Revenue Squad.
●Join team meetings to discuss features Ratings and reviews, Interactive Store and vouchers at item level from planning to the implementation phase.
●Execute the AB test with multiple variation configurations
●Good teamwork with the Developer team to analyze the root cause of the issue (Live debugging supporting)
●Use Charles to track bug log for IOS and Browserstack to track bug log for Android
●Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases for new features
●English was the daily business language

MANABIE— Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam October 2020 – November 2020

Senior QA engineer (Oct 2020-Nov 2020). Be the enthusiastic and proactive automation QA to E2E test script on Cypress IDE by Javascript
●Daily standup meeting to report which tasks have been accomplished and which tasks would go for today.
●Review SPEC and be positive in raising questions for BA, the product manager to ensure a deep understanding of the company's product.
●Be proactive in testing the mobile app of the Learner app/ Teacher app for all new builds about to release.
●Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases for CMS School Portal (admin system).
●Write BDD (Gherkin) for each feature based on the test case design platform and wait for the team's approval.
●Implement auto test with Typescript for each approved BDD feature by using Cypress.
●Solve Conflicts on every newly written test script before merging in develop branch (common) and waiting for Tech Lead to review.

VULCAN LABS— Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam May 2020 – September 2020

QA engineer (May 2020-Sep 2020). Be the QA engineer to ensure quality of numerous apps from different module like Face AI, IOT, Wearable device, AR/VR.
●Solve Conflicts on every newly written test script before merging in develop branch (common) and wait for Tech Lead to review.
●Design and execute full well-structured test cases on each build for both IOS and Android product apps.
●Apply all testing methods of functionality, usability, compatibility to test main features, and In-App Purchases for our company’s product.
●Following and executing tasks assigned from Trello Card.
●Capture and post bug on Trello Card under team agreed with the template.
●Using Slack to chat and discuss tasks in team meetings.
●Adhere to team workflow and be proactive in coming up with new ideas for products.
●Collaborate well with both Dev team and Marketing team to clarify new features and ensure the quality of releases from internal testing to UAT to Production

INTEL PRODUCTS VIETNAM— Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam July 2019 – April 2020

QA engineer (July 2019-Apr 2020). Be the core-member QA of LCBI team and leader of ES team to set up new process for Board test kit as well as maintenance of long-time used burning-in-board
●Lead and distribute tasks for the ES team (8 members in headcount).
●Resolve conflict between team-member whether the dispute happens.
●Control and ensure the quality of products (Burning In Board).
●Transfer process and equipment from another site to Viet Nam site.
●Business travel to foreign supplier nation for learning and pass down methods to ES team when return back to the main working site
●Analyze issue and propose method to solve completely
●Making forecast plan to prepare enough spare parts, and collaterals to meet high volume manufacturing requirements.
●Contact supplier to get the quotation and raise PO to order parts in process
●Fluent Use of Wiing system to set up IPNr to make sure ordered quantity of spare parts always available to withdraw
●Raise ISM to ship hard down BIB to supplier to repair.
●Attend staff meetings and huddle meetings to discuss weekly issues and plans.

FPT SOFTWARE— Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam May 2019 – June 2019

Fresher QA (May 2019 - June 2019). Join FPT software company under official fresher engineer to handle test plan, test case of FPT Acdemy project
●Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.
●Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases.
●Apply Agile/Scrum methodology as main project management system to projects.
●Execute test cases to identify bugs and post bugs on the JIRA system.
●Monitor debugging throughout project development.
●Directly report the team's progress to Project Manager, Customer.
●Experience in using automation tools as Selenium and framework for client-server application as Cucumber (BDD).
●Integrate POM (Page Object Model) when building test scripts on Python to test UIs.

Additional Information

Languages: Vietnamese (native), English (professional)
Certifications:
●PRACTICAL DATA SCIENCE WITH AMAZON SAGEMAKER
●BIG DATA ON AWS
●AWS CLOUD ESSENTIALS FOR BUSINESS LEADERS
●DEEP LEARNING ON AWS
●THE MACHINE LEARNING PIPELINE ON AWS
●AGILE AND SCRUM FOR PRODUCT OWNER
●APPIUM CUCUMBER FOR FOR ANDROID & IOS + JENKINS
●LEARN HOW TO BUILD YOUR FIRST BLOCKCHAIN
●CEO - LEVEL PRESENTATION SKILLS - SLIDE WRITING FOR CONSULTING
●DATA ANALYST SKILLPATH: ZERO TO HERO IN SQL
●PRODUCT MANAGER CERTIFICATE
●DATA ANALYST SKILLPATH: ZERO TO HERO IN EXCEL, SQL & PYTHON
Contact this candidate