QA engineer with around *+ years of experience in manual and automation testing with hands on experience in analyzing, designing, developing, executing testcases. Comprehensive knowledge in QA methodologies with an exhibited history of working in payment gateway. Demonstrates strong analytical, debugging and problem-solving skills, excellent communication, presentation skills and team collaboration.

Skills:
JAVA, C, C++, SQL, Selenium, TestNG, GIT, Eclipse, SDLC, STLC, Selenium Grid, Data Driven framework, Page Object Model, JIRA.

Experience:
QA Automation Engineer: Omniware Technologies
Bengaluru, India (Feb 2016 – Feb 2018)
Project: TranknPay Web Application
Analyzing the requirement and design documents. Understand the business functionality of the Web application.
Develop and execute Scripts on Test Automation Framework with TestNG and Selenium WebDriver.
Experience in various types of testing like Smoke, Functional, Integration, Re-testing, Regression testing.
Responsible for smoke testing, functional testing, and ad-hoc testing.
Maintain Code versions through Bitbucket.
Interaction with development team for code drops and builds schedules.
Execute the automated Test Scripts and share the reports.
Update regression suite with new scenarios and production issues after every release.
Attend UAT sessions and help the users in the testing process.
Experience in writing SQL queries to validate the data.
Bug Reporting and Tracking through JIRA.
Performed Regression Testing through Automation.
Working knowledge on Agile methodology.

Project: TracknPay Mobile App
Preparing Test Summary & Test cases based on the Functional document received.
Testing on different mobile devices such as phones, tablets, and other devices.
Gather & analyze system requirements, Test case preparation & execution, Functional testing, Regression testing, Integration Testing, and Usability Testing.
Communicating with the Development team/Team Leader for any changes in requirements, updates on defects.
Experience in validating the data presented in UI vs from backend (database).
Track issue records and reporting by using bug tracking tool.

Education & Trainings:
Test course from Udemy
Manual and Automation Testing (Selenium)
2022

B.E in computer science & Engineering
VTU University, Karnataka, India
Contact this candidate