Andrew Koss
Software QA Engineer
LinkedIn ad118z@r.postjobfree.com 747-***-****
SUMMARY
Experienced QA Engineer with 4+ years in manual and automation testing. Proficient in Python, Selenium, Behave, Pytest and Gherkin. Expertise in developing and executing comprehensive test suites and cases, ensuring software quality. Skilled in translating business requirements into actionable test scenarios and collaborating cross-functionally for efficient, high-quality software delivery. Dedicated to continuous improvement and QA process optimization. TECHNICAL SKILLS (TOOLS)
ALM, BUG TRACKING: Jira, Trello, TestRail, Zephyr, Confluence, Gherkin TEST AUTOMATION: Selenium WebDriver, Behave (Cucumber), Pytest, Allure PROGRAMMING: Python, HTML/CSS
MOBILE TESTING: Android Studio, ADB, Xcode, BrowserStack API TESTING: Postman, JMeter
DATABASE TESTING: SQL, MySQL, MariaDB, DBeaver
TOOLS: Git, GitHub, Chrome Tools, Selenium IDE, Appium, PyCharm, Jenkins, Docker EXPERIENCE
Company: KodePloye February 2020 to Present
Role: Software QA Engineer
● Conducted Selenium automated testing using Python, Gherkin, and Page Object Model, reducing manual testing efforts.
● Prepare test documentation: analyzed user stories & prepared test cases in the Test management tool (Zephyr) using the BDD approach and Gherkin.
● Brought QA automation to the company, successfully created first automated test cases from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, Python, and Behave
● Introduced Page Object pattern into test automation framework, which made the automation code more reusable and maintainable
● Analyzed root-cause of failed bugs, improving the quality of bug reporting and collaboration with developers.
● Initiated Ad-hoc and Exploratory peer reviews, increasing the detection of critical bugs.
● Executed functional, regression, sanity, and smoke tests, ensuring defect-free user experiences. Company: ISP RIKONA Ukraine April 2017 to May 2019 Role: Software QA Engineer
● Performed end-to-end testing for Mobile and Web apps, ensuring successful software releases.
● Verified seamless integration of new features into existing products following Agile SDLC.
● Mentored junior team members on QA best practices.
● Ensured the delivery of quality products by performing tests. Education:
● Master's degree in Economics, Kyiv National University of Trade and Economics Certifications:
● Postman Essential Training
● SQL for testing
● Python automation and testing
● Software training course (QA Engineer)
Contact this candidate