ELINA BASNET
1-817-***-**** Dallas, Texas ***** ad14nl@r.postjobfree.com Green Card Holder QA Automation Engineer
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over 5 years of extensive hands-on experience in Software Quality Assurance in Automation testing of Web Apps and client with specializing in Software Quality Assurance Testing, QA Automation Engineer proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based Applications in order to ensure that software meets the client’s needs and expectations.
● Experience in Analyzing, Designing and Implementation of QA testing strategy for Web based and Client/Server applications using Manual testing and Automation testing of client server application in back-end testing.
● Good experience in different phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) including Agile/SCRUM and Waterfall methodologies.
● Actively involved in Scrum Methodology for the project from requirements through delivery of the project.
● Proficient in automating Test Cases using various Automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, JUnit, Maven in combination with Java programming language.
● Hands-on experience in developing, implementing and improving Automation Frameworks such as Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Test Driven Development (TDD) and Page Object Model for web-based applications using Java.
● Developed QA processes automation test scripts using Selenium to test Web based user interfaces for different types of browsers.
● Designed, developed, maintained and troubleshot Test Scripts, coordinated with team members in debugging effort and assisted developers in Root Cause Analysis and clarified them the results.
● Expertise in designing and developing strategic Test plans, Test Cases, and Test Reports for manual test.
● Experience with comprehensive understanding of all phases of Test Life Cycle, including requirements gathering, test planning, and scheduling, testing, defect tracking, and reporting.
● Extensive experience in performing System Testing, Functionality Testing (Black Box), White box testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, GUI Testing, Database Testing and User acceptance testing.
● Knowledge on Performance testing tools HP LoadRunner, Jmeter.
● Experience in Java using Eclipse IDE and experience in Automation testing using Selenium WebDriver.
● Extensive experience in using Selenium WebDriver for running tests using JUnit and TestNG test suites and test cases for testing functionality of different applications.
● Experience working in setting up a test environment for mobile test execution using Java, Appium and TestNG.
● Extensively experienced in using Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), JIRA, Azure DevOps for bug tracking and reporting the modification requests.
● Strong experience in functional and UAT testing using Selenium Web Driver on both platforms as well as cross platform web testing on all major web browsers (Safari, Google Chrome, Firefox and IE).
● Experienced in writing SQL queries for backend testing and validation of data.
● Extensively used web services validation tools like RESTful, SOAPUI and POSTMAN to validate SOAP/WSDL and web services for Request and Response.
● Regular Status report maintenance and reporting to leads in a proactive approach so that the team accomplishes deadlines.
● Great team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills working with other Off-shore teams, cross-functional teams like Testers, Leads, Business Analyst, Product Owners, Managers, and Developers.
EXPERIENCE:

Business/Systems Analyst III (QA Tester) Charter Communications St. Louis, MO August 2022 to Present

● Involved in various phases of Software development life cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modeling, design, analysis, development for automated testing.
● Worked in an agile environment and involved in team discussion when implementing new features in the project.
● Proven success in establishment of agile test practices including acceptance test automation using Cucumber (ruby scripting) during acceptance test driven development methodology.
● Working with product owners, developers, and test leads to define acceptance criteria, identify risks, and plan testing coverage for upcoming features.
● Interacted with the Business Clients, Product Owners, Developers to analyze the technical/functional user requirements.
● Written the test cases and provided the burn chart to the Leaders.
● Written the test cases for multiple projects, tested it and delivered it on time.
● Logged/tracked the Bugs on an Octane and retested it after fix.
● Tested REST API using POSTMAN and validated the JSON responses.
● Did functional, regression, end to end testing etc. testing on UAT env.
● Performed various tasks in writing, updating, and executing test cases across different modules under developer portal.
● Created precise defect reports for any issues found during testing and ensured its proper tracking.
● Executing various testing techniques across web applications to ensure the highest possible quality of products before release.
● Performed parameterization of the automated test scripts in Selenium to check how the application performs against multiple sets of data.
● Developed Automation Test scripts using cucumber, Java, Selenium, web driver.
● Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.
● Created Java based scripts for Selenium Web Driver with Junit as automation framework.
● Worked with source version control tools such as Azure DevOps, TFS &amp, Git.
● Used SOAP UI for web service testing for different transaction types and validation of the transactions.
● Validate executed test cases with a database for each transaction to make sure it meets the requirement to process.
● Worked with the operations team to set up CI-CD for the automation framework.
● Created updates and maintained Test Matrix and Traceability Matrix and was involved in Gap Analysis.
● Collaborated with the team whenever required.
● Given a demo to the team at the end of every sprint.
Environment: Agile, Selenium WebDriver / Grid, TestNG, Java, Cucumber, REST API, Jenkins, TFS, GIT, SQL, SOAP UI, GRID
QA Automation Engineer TD Bank Edison, NJ June 2020 - July 2022
● Prepared Test Plan, test Cases, Test scripts and Test Metrics for the application as well as for the database verification based on the functional requirements, portal redesigned and test specs.
● Worked in an Agile environment, with an ability to accommodate and test the newly proposed changes at any point of time during the release.
● Worked closely with Agile Scrum team from several domains to ensure product testability while running Regression tests in Selenium WebDriver using TestNG, and maintained test environments used for white box testing during new product releases.
● Evaluate and analyze Business Requirements, Functional Specification documents.
● Responsible for creating and maintaining automation acceptance test suite using Selenium, Ruby and Cucumber.
● Used Cucumber automated testing to test new and existing functionality.
● Developed and executed test plans, test cases and test matrices utilizing QA best practices and standards.
● Involved in designing and implementing a hybrid automation framework to be used with Selenium Web Driver.
● Tested API test using technologies like Java, Web Services, and SQL Server as backend databases.
● Used Selenium WebDriver for automating Cross Browser Testing on IE, Firefox, Safari and Chrome.
● Used automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using Selenium.
● Configured Continuous Integration environment, using Jenkins to kickoff daily builds and automation suites Jenkins, Maven and GitHub.
● Handled the task of localization/Globalization testing for web and device portal and coordinated UI Testing task with junior team members.
● Tested request and response XML&#39,s based web services interfaces using SOAP UI.
● Used Quality Center for bug tracking and reporting, also followed up with the development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.
● Developed and executed SQL queries to verify the proper insertion, deletion and updates into the Oracle supporting tables and cubes.
● Used Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running tests on a nightly basis automatically.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Ruby, Jenkins, JMeter, JIRA, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, SOAP UI, GitHub, Agile, Firebug, Firepath, XPath, Eclipse, Oracle, Windows.
QA Manual/Automation Tester Guardian of Angels Healthcare Euless, Texas April 2018 - May 2020
● Followed Agile project management methodology, actively involved in scrum daily standup, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective meetings.
● Tested the application in a highly dynamic environment with a sprint team using Agile Methodology.
● Authored and Executed Automation and Manual Test Cases for Functional testing of various modules of the application.
● Involved in setting up configuring the testing environment with Eclipse, TestNG, and Selenium WebDriver and Selenium Java client driver.
● Manual Execution of Test Cases for Functional Testing, GUI Testing, Regression testing and Smoke testing.
● Responsible for implementation of Hybrid Test Automation Framework build using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven technologies under Java platform.
● Developed Page Object Model and implemented a robust Page Factory.
● Developed and Executed Test Plans and Test Cases from requirements and Specification documents.
● Created Automation script using Selenium WebDriver. Executed scripts on different browser and different platforms.
● Implement BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Testing with Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver to ensure the code reusability and code maintainability and cut down the script development time in half.
● On a daily basis used build tools like Maven and Jenkins to build and regress automated tests into the PayPal CI process, and for VCS used GIT, documented and tracked defects and produced detailed reports using Jira and Rally.
● Responsible for executing Selenium test scripts on different browsers and checked for compatibility.
● Created data-driven automation scripts for testing API Web Services using SOAP UI.
● Perform Functional Testing, Regression Testing, System Integration Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and End-to-End Testing.
● Performed SOA testing for Payments API using Soap UI and Java framework for Web Services testing.
● Performed Web Services testing with SOAP UI and Performed Security Testing for Employee login validations.
● Created QA sizing estimated based on the changes to the web services for the scope defined in a particular release cycle.
● Created the test data and requested for the test data dependent with the other applications to be used in the testing activities for the current release.
● Planned and executed Backend testing using numerous SQL Queries to verify the dataflow from the database.
● Log defects using JIRA application and communicate the defect status updates to the responsible analysis and implementation teams.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Jenkins, JIRA, Rally, Git, Maven, Rest Assured, Unix, SQL, Agile and Oracle, Page Object Model (POM), SOAP UI.
EDUCATION
Bachelor Degree, Purbanchal University, Maharajgunj, Kathmandu, Nepal - 2017
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND ABILITIES
·Domain Knowledge: Telecommunication, Banking, Healthcare
·Test Approaches: Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, SDLC, STLC.
·Automation Tools: Selenium, Protractor, Jenkins
·Programming Languages: JAVA
·Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Appium, TestNG, Cucumber, SoapUI, ALM
·Defect Management Tools: JIRA, HP Quality Center
·Markup Languages: HTML, XML, XPath, CssSelector
·Browsers: Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google, Chrome, Safari
·Operating System: MAC, Windows XP, LINUX
·Databases: SQL Server, MS Access, Oracle, MySQL
·Strong analytical and problem: Solving skills
·MS Office Tools: Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access
Contact this candidate