Priya Vaishnavi Nimmagadda
Contact No: 602-***-**** Email:ad18j0@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

●As a QA Engineer around 6 years of experience in IT industry on System Analysis and Testing of the software for various Enterprise Applications.
●Expertise in Quality Analysis with strong understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Bug Life Cycle (BLC) and Methodologies like Agile, Waterfall.
●Excellent experience in Software Testing in Client Server Application and Web based application using Manual Testing Techniques and Automation Testing Tools.
●Hands on experience in developing Test plan, Test cases, User Acceptance Test (UAT) and executing regression test cycles.
●Experience in all stages of testing – Integration, Smoke, Regression, System/end-to-end/Process, Usability, Web and Maintenance testing.
●Experience in using Quality Center extensively for establishing Traceability to Requirements, Test Cases, Bug tracking and Reporting.
●Good experience in Bug Tracking tools like Quality center, Test director, Clear Quest and BugZilla.
●Well versed in different management scenarios like Change Control, Quality Assurance, Defect Tracking, System Integration, and Task Scheduling.
●Experience in Selenium Automation, API Testing, Manual Testing, Smoke Testing, GUI Software Testing, Backend Testing, Functional Testing, System testing, and Regression Testing.
●Experienced using Web-debugging tools like Fire Path, Fire Bug.
●Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision and also perform as part of a team.
●Highly motivated team player with analytical, organizational and technical skills, unique ability to adapt quickly to challenges and changing environment.

TECHNICAL SKILL SET:

Languages
Java, SQL
Testing Tools
Selenium, QTP, HP QC/ALM, TestNG, Soap UI, Firebug, Rally, JIRA, Rest API
Web Services
SOAP UI, WSDL, XML, SOAP, Restful, JSON
Methodologies
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
IDE’s and Build Tools
Eclipse, Jenkins framework
Servers / Version Control
GIT
Databases
Oracle, SQL
Operating Systems
Windows, Mac OS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES:

Client: Verizon
Role: QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
●Analyzed business requirements, functional requirements, use cases and provided feedback for clear understanding of each requirement.
●Involved in Database Migration testing. Identified the Test cases on the application basis and maintained a Regression Test Suite for testing to ensure the steadiness of the existing functionality.
●Identified test cases to automate and develop automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver and Java.
●Developed new and updated existing Automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG, used Git for a Java based Web application, used Maven as build tool and Jenkins to run deployment jobs.
●Configured and Installed Selenium Webdriver, TestNG, Maven and Jenkins for Continuous build cycles.
●Worked closely with Agile Scrum team to ensure product testability while running E2E Regression tests.
●Involved in developing Test Automation Framework for the application using Selenium WebDriver with Maven.
●Involved in API Testing using swagger and Postman.
●Involved in functional testing, Integration testing, User Acceptance testing, Regression testing.
●Involved in Agile (Scrum Process) methodology based on Project Planning, Test Planning and Coordinating on all SDLC phases.
●Used Quality Center for bug-reporting, tracking and to create and execute various scenarios, generate graphs, overlaid graphs for comparison, and analyzed the results.
●Validated the data in the database by using SQL queries.
●Performed Backend Testing by Executing SQL Queries against Oracle and SQL database.
●Responsible for the Team performance, and preparing & submitting the graphs and metrics to the higher management.
●Involved in presenting the respective application demos to the client on the Sprint Basis.

Client: Reserve Bank of Australia
Role: QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
•Understanding and gathering of the basic requirements of the user stories given per Iteration.
•Preparing test scenarios, test cases and test scripts from the user stories which includes the functionality and usability cases of the application.
•Preparing exploratory tests scenarios like high level UI related use cases for improving the quality of the application systems.
•Designed, executed and maintained Selenium Web Driver (TestNG) automated test cases for regression scenarios.
•Executing the test cases, test scripts and tracking the defects.
•Thorough end to end testing of the functionalities in the lower and higher environments.
•Performing backend testing using SQL database commands.
•Producing test results, screenshots and upload to HP ALM.
•Tracking issues and workflow using HP ALM.
•Basic understanding of Functional and Regression Test Automation.
•Providing clear and precise status reports to the team in the mail communication.
•Independently analyzing issues, recommending software changes and creating detailed defect report.
•Active participation in Three Amigos, Backlog Refinement, Sprint Retrospective and Daily Stand-up sessions.
•Preparing the User Manuals and Capability Manuals of the developed User Stories.
•Handles several critical sprints and completed within the stipulated time without any delay.

Client: Rogers
Role: QA Analyst
Responsibilities:
●Responsible for creating test plans, test cases, test scenarios and mapping business requirements to test cases.
●Designed the test cases and developed test scripts using Java and Selenium.
●Developed automation framework for Selenium.
●Developed Test Plan, Test Cases and executed various test scripts functional testing.
●Used Quality Center as Test Repository for Requirements, Test plans.
●Worked actively with developers in expediting the code as against the specs and performing Unit Testing.
●As part of compatibility testing, executed the workflow manager web application related test cases on different browsers like Internet Explorer and Mozilla Fire Fox on different Operating Systems (validation).
●Executed SQL queries to do the backend testing.
●Responsible for updating and maintaining the Quality Center for reporting and logging the defects found during functional and regression testing and follow up the bug life cycle.
●Execution of test cases, preparing the functionality document with screenshots and data, uploading the test results to HP ALM.
●Logging the defects with proper evidence in HP ALM.
●Retrieving the daily status reports.
●Participating in defect calls with developers.
Contact this candidate