MYROSLAVA RABYNYUK
Hoffman Estates, IL +1-773-***-**** ad1hmo@r.postjobfree.com
http://linkedin.com/in/myroslava-rabynyuk-18b023123 - LinkedIn
Software Quality Assurance Automation Engineer QA Engineer in Test

Accomplished, organized, and extremely motivated Software QA Engineering professional with an outstanding experience in Software Application Testing, Software Quality Management, and UI and API automation

Core Competencies
Testing Strategies Software Application Testing Quality Assurance Bug Tracking Risk Evaluation Automation
RCA Team Building & Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

VELOCITYEHS, Chicago, IL 2022 – now
Developed and maintained a scalable and modular automation test project for GraphQL mutations and queries in the back-end using Groovy and Katalon Studio. This project significantly increased test coverage to over 80 percent, ensuring comprehensive validation of critical functionalities and reducing the risk of regressions.
Collaborated effectively with the test teams and integrated tests into CI/CD process.
Troubleshooted failures and stabilize brittle scripts.

SHIPBOB Inc, Chicago, IL 2020 –2022
Software QA Engineer II 2021-2022
Planned, defined, and established QA methodology, quality metrics, and executed measurements for continual enhancements.
Headed outbound testing group to manage software testing, developed and critical releases.
Significantly contributed on automating test flows for system-level testing using Java, Selenium, and Retrofit 2 set-up.
Achieved reduction in the production bug escape rate to 15%.
Introduced shift left testing and RCA documents, strengthening the company’s developmental methodologies.
Successfully automated 10% of all domain APIs with Retrofit2 and created page objects with Java and Selenium, including automation of 20% of regression suite.
Software QA Engineer I 2020 - 2021
Successfully carried out testing on the C# based web, desktop applications and iOS Mobile native applications (SaaS), involving functionality testing on Web and Mobile UI, Back end, and API testing with 100% accuracy and completion of the project before the schedule deadline.
Worked with product management and design teams to find bugs prior to implementation phase.

GESHERSOFT, Portland, OR Software QA Tester 2017 – 2020

Participated in analyzing the business requirements, functional specifications and use case documents.
Created and executed detailed test cases and test plans.
Involved in project planning, coordination, and implemented QA methodology.
Performed smoke, integration, functional, regression, and exploratory testing.
Executed testing on Android using Android Studio, performed interruption, UI, UX, and usability testing of the mobile application.
Verified the integration of various components in the application and executed end-to-end testing.

EDUCATION

Master’s Degree in International Relations
Chernivtsi National University, Ukraine

Technical: Azure DevOps Jira iOS Java Selenium Android Retrofit 2 SQL Server Postman Dev Tools Git IntelliJ Gradle Maven Groovy Katalon Studio Docker Desktop GraphQL Insomnia
Contact this candidate