Sergei Sergeichuk
Software QA Automation Engineer
San Diego, CA 92102 ad1haa@r.postjobfree.com
754-***-**** linkedin.com/in/ssergeichuk
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Software QA Engineer with 7 years of experience in meticulously testing and verifying the quality of blockchain and cryptocurrency software applications. Adept at identifying defects, ensuring compliance, and providing valuable feedback for continuous improvement in the dynamic world of crypto software development. Experience as a Crypto Software Manual QA Engineer, specializing in blockchain and cryptocurrency technologies.Proficient in testing and evaluating cryptocurrency wallets, decentralized applications (DApps), smart contracts, and blockchain platforms.Extensive knowledge of blockchain protocols, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other prominent blockchains.Strong knowledge of blockchain protocols, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other prominent blockchains.Expertise in test case design, execution, and defect tracking for crypto software projects. Exceptional attention to detail, problem-solving skills, and ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment. TECHNICAL SKILLS
● Automation Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Postman API, Swagger, Lighthouse, GT Metrix, SpeedLab, AI in QA
● Programming languages: Python, JavaScript, SQL, MySQL, XPath, XML, HTML5, CSS3
● IDE: PyCharm, WebStorm, ToolBox, Sublime Text, Chrome/FireFox Dev tools, Visual Studio
● Security Testing tools: Mozilla Observatory, Snyk
● Browsers: Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Edge, Chrome Dev Tools
● Documentation tools: Confluence, MS Office, Google Drive
● Methodologies: Agile/SCRUM, Waterfall
● Bug tracking tools: Jira, Microsoft CRM, Confluence
● Source control: GitHub, Git
● OS: Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android
WORK EXPERIENCE
Blockchain, Coinbase (blockchain.com, coinbase.com) 2016- present Software QA Automation Engineer
● Built Automation Front-End Cross-browser testing for wargaming.com with Selenium WebDriver Python and UnitTest. Implemented Performance testing with Lighthouse, SpeedLab and GTMetrix.
● Created Automation for REST API testing with Postman JavaScript, Swagger, CURL and Chrome/Firefox Dev tools.
● Wrote all QA testing documentation from scratch, such as Test Strategy, Traceability Matrix, Test Cases and Test reports.
● Executed Black/Gray/White Box testing, Functional, Unit, Smoke, Regression, UAT, UI/UX End-to-End testing.
● Performed Cross-Browser and Cross-OS cloud testing with BrowserStack as well as code-review on GitHub.
● Executed Automation Security testing for the web-based applications with Mozilla Observatory and Snyk tools.
● Performed Back-end testing of SQL and MySQL Databases. Wrote SQL queries for Databases.
● Communicated daily in Scrum meetings with Dev Agile team members via Slack and Zoom tools.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure that defects were documented, tracked, and resolved.
● Conducted usability testing, ensuring a seamless user experience for crypto wallet and DApp users.
● Participated in the review of project documentation and user manuals to ensure clarity and accuracy.
● Collaborated with development teams to review software requirements and create test cases to verify compliance.
● Conducted thorough regression testing to validate the stability and reliability of blockchain-based applications.
● Prepared and presented detailed test reports and summaries to project stakeholders.
● Maintained multiple Geth nodes on a Proof of Authority Ethereum network and ran scale tests to evaluate blockchain platform security, performance and scalability.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to resolve issues, prioritize bug fixes, and improve software quality.
● Contributed to the improvement of QA processes, implementing best practices for crypto software testing
● Documented and reported defects, tracked their resolution, and ensured software met quality standards.
● Executed regression testing and maintained test environments for cryptocurrency software products. EDUCATION
QA Automation Engineer Course at Silicon Valley CA, QASV.US - 2022-2023 Saint Petersburg State University of Aerospace and Instrumentation Bachelor's degree, automation engineer 2017 - 2021 Languages: English
Contact this candidate