Enerik Elpenoria
QA Automation Engineer with *+ Years of Experience
Email: ad1h69@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1 (813) - 825 - 3775
Location: Worcester, MA
Visa Status: US Citizen

SUMMARY:
7+ years of experience in Web / API Automation Testing.
Strong knowledge of Selenium Web Driver using Java.
Strong knowledge of Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) testing frameworks like Cucumber.
Strong understanding of Agile Testing processes.
Hands-on experience in designing and developing Automation Framework from scratch.
Experience with CI tool Jenkins for scheduling selenium script execution.
Strong knowledge of Web Service Automation (REST) using Postman & Rest Assured
Good knowledge of executing Selenium script on cloud like Browser Stack & Sauce Labs.
Strong knowledge of training the Object Oriented Concepts in Java
Strong understanding of Industry Coding Standards.

ORGANIZATIONS:
DMI / State of Maryland, Baltimore, MD (Oct 2022 - May 2023)
AVAAP, Edison, NJ (Nov 2019 - Oct 2022)
Verizon Communications, Basking Ridge, NJ (April 2017 - Oct 2019)

PROJECTS EXECUTED:

Organization
DMI / State of Maryland, Baltimore, MD
Titles
Eligibility & Enrollment – Web Automation and Manual Testing
Period
Oct 2022 - May 2023
Team Size
22
Role
QA Automation Engineer
Responsibility
Developing smoke and regression suite starting from scratch.
Executing and analyzing smoke test results on release day to decide the closure of the release
Developing and maintaining smoke and regression test suite.
Sync with the Developer to understand the project requirements and resolve the common issues.
Story verification for weekly sprint
Reporting test status to management, manual test team, and developers.
Documenting testing metrics, processes, and procedures in accordance with the defined standards.
Bug reporting and defects verification.
Tools & Technology
Selenium Web driver, Java, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, Git, Postman, Rest Assured, Jira, DBeaver, JDBC

Organization
AVAAP, Edison, NJ
Title
Workday – Web Automation and Manual Testing
Period
Nov 2019 - Oct 2022
Team Size
9
Role
Test Automation Engineer
Responsibility
Participating in Sprint planning and grooming meetings of sprint.
Estimation of user stories
Created test cases using positive, negative, boundary value analysis, and equivalence partitioning testing techniques.
Developing smoke and regression suite
Execution smoke and regression suite and sharing the result with the team.
Executed all test cases in different phases of testing like GUI Testing, Functional, Regression, Integration, Sanity and User Acceptance Testing
Collaboration with other team members to resolve any blockers, issues, etc.
Participating in Review and Retro meeting of sprint
Tools & Technology
Selenium Web driver, Java, Cucumber, Jenkins, Git, Maven, Jira, Microsoft SQL Server, JDBC, Postman, Rest Assured

Organization
Verizon Communications, Basking Ridge, NJ
Title
My Business Wireless – Manual Testing and Web Automation
Period
April 2017 - Oct 2019
Team Size
14
Role
QA Analyst
Responsibility
Review and analyze system specifications
Collaborate with different stack holders to develop effective strategies and test plans
Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results
Report bugs and errors using Jira
Helping the team troubleshoot the issues with automation code
Conduct post-release/ post-implementation testing
Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle
Tools & Technology
Selenium Web driver, Java, TestNG, Git, Jenkins, Jira, Maven, MySQL, JDBC, Microsoft Excel & Word, Postman, Rest Assured

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

2009 - 2011
Master's Degree in Engineering of Geo-Matike
Polytechnic University of Tirana
2006 - 2009
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering of Geo-Resource
Polytechnic University of Tirana
Contact this candidate