PROFILE

Over *+ years of experienced in AutomationTest Engineer highly skilled in Selenium and Java. leading Test Planning & Execution and managing Defect Reporting. Adept at deploying expertise in Test Automation via API & Selenium methodologies. Proficient in Automating Web Application, Testing via Selenium WebDriver and Java in delivering business value to the clients.
SKILLS

Adaptability
Analytical skills
Attention to Detail
Communication skills
Problem-solving
Self-starter
Team player
DOMAIN KNOWLEDGE
Financial, Health care, E-commerce
CONTACT
Queens, NY -11373
PHONE: 929-***-****
EMAIL:ad1l9h@r.postjobfree.com
LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kazi-zahidur-rashid-095523234/

WORK EXPERIENCE

Experience
Paychex, Rochester, NY QA Engineer in Test
Dec 2021– to Present
Experience
Cedar Gate Technology, One shore driver, CT Quality Assurance Analyst
May2019 – Nov 2021
Experience
Barnes and Noble, New York, NY
QA Test Engineer
October 2017 – Apr 2019

EDUCATION

Master’s degree in English, Jagannath University

Bachelor’s Degree in English, Jagannath University

WORK STATUS

GREEN CARD- CAN WORK WITH ANY EMPLOYER

Technical Skills:
Software & Automation Test Tools
Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber, Maven, HP Quick Test Professional, Quality Center, Atlassian JIRA, SVN, Git, JMeter
Databases
Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL
Programming Language
Java, HTML, XML, SQL
Other
MS Office, Adobe suite

Environment: Windows 10, 11, JIRA, MS Office 10, Skype, SharePoint, Share drive, GitHub, Cucumber (BDD), Java, XML, API, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, SQL Server

Professional Summary

Planned & strategized test schedules in accordance with project scope and delivery deadlines.
Identified, analyzed & reported application defects and rendered assistance with resolution via JIRA.
Interacted with customers & internal stakeholders to ensure complete & thorough understanding of all requirements.
Defined, implemented and maintained test plans, test specifications, and test suites.
Implemented and executed test strategies to improve the overall quality and boost test code coverage.
Directed Performance and Load Testing, and administered System performance & health monitoring.
Appointed in-charge of testing web services in SOAP/REST with JSON/XML data to enhance customer-facing apps/APIs.
Developed & executed test cases to boost automated test coverage for existing functionality.
Deployed both functional and automation testing to successfully integrate backend with Restful APIs.
Enhanced and maintained the test automation framework that is built using widely used, open-source frameworks such as Selenium, Cucumber, and Gherkin.
Integrate new libraries and frameworks as the mobile test automation landscape matures.
Independently developed Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Specification documents
Assesses and evaluated the coverage of all aspects of requirements in the test design.
Defined functional test cases based on technical design/functional design for verifying accuracy of developed features.
Documented testing results & performed root cause analysis to initiate corrective action for meeting quality objectives.
Led manual, compatibility, performance and security testing for web applications.
Deployed expertise in test planning, test design, test strategy & execution in addition to Agile/Scrum methodologies.
Conducted Test Planning, strategized system testing & methodologies and developed system integration test cases
Formulated scalable automated test frameworks and test suites across technologies for the entire product portfolio.
Rendered assistance to conduct design/code inspections & performed manual testing encompassing all functionalities
Stakeholder Management & Webpage Development
Collaborated with developers and QA leads to enhance testing performance, automation, and tools.
Automated and resolved defects for developing an end-to-end testing solution
Devised processes for high-quality releases with clearly defined test phase entrance and exit criteria
Scripted detailed test scenarios via advanced test automation frameworks like Cucumber/BDD frameworks, etc.

Professional Experience

Paychex, Rochester, NY
Role : QA Engineer in Test
Duration : Dec 2021 – Present
Project Names : Live Report & Quick Report

Paychex, Inc. is an American provider of human resource, payroll, and benefits outsourcing services for small- to medium-sized businesses. With headquarters in Rochester, New York, the company has more than 100 offices serving approximately 670,000 payroll clients in the U.S. and Europe.

Application: Live Report & Quick Report is a web-based application, it supports financial service like payroll, asset and liquidity management, HR, and benefits outsourcing services for small- to medium-sized businesses.

Responsibilities:
Participated in peer reviews of software requirements, designs and test procedures.
Documented test plans and test cases corresponding to business rules and requirements.
Experience in writing test plans, test cases/scenarios, test strategy and analyzing test results.
Good understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle and role of QA.
Performed System, UAT, Functional, Cross Brower and Retesting.
Work closely with Test Lead during the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) by ensuring full test coverage of the assigned test cases.
Maintained and executed test cases and test scripts using Quality Center/ALM.
Preparation of test cases based on requirements using HP Quality Center and involved in internal and external test case reviews.
Reported & tracked the bugs, performed E-mail notifications to the developers using the Quality Center.
Tracked the defects using HP Quality Center and generated defect summary reports
Experience in using Selenium Web driver, Eclipse, Java and TestNG frameworks in creating test scripts, Annotation, Parameterization, Data providers, Test suites and HTML reports.
Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behavior and step definitions & developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber.
Involved in GUI testing, functional testing, Regression testing, Load testing, End to End testing, Cross Browser testing, User Acceptance Testing and Database testing.
Strong experience in data validation and manipulation in SQL Server databases using SQL queries
Provided back-end testing for data validation using complex SQL Queries joining multiple tables.
Developed complex SQL scripts for Oracle database using SQL Developer
Wrote and optimized test cases to maximize the success of manual software testing with consistent, thorough approaches.
Debugged code and located root causes of problems by reviewing configuration files and logs.
Proposed improvements to development and testing processes to positively impact usability, function, and performance.
Collaborated with developers and project managers to assess program capabilities, features and testing demands.

Cedar Gate Technology, One shore driver, CT
Role : Quality Assurance Analyst
Duration : May 2019 – Nov 2021
Project Names : Intelligence System for Advanced Analytic Computing

Application: ISAAC– Web based application- designed to analysis hospital records and find out leakage

Responsibilities:
Participated in release planning, sprint planning, retrospective and daily scrum for agile scrum development.
Extensively worked throughout the defect life cycle from opening to closure using JIRA and ALM.
Developed Behavior Driven Development (BDD) scripts with Cucumber and written step definitions for behavior.
Used Gherkin Syntax to test the behavior of the Application (BDD) using Cucumber with Selenium (WebDriver).
Involved in planning, preparing, creating, debugging and running automated test scripts in Selenium WebDriver using Java, Maven, GIT, JUnit and TestNG framework.
Developed Data driven, Keyword driven test framework with Page Object Model approach.
Used TestNG, Apache POI frameworks to develop test suite and Data Driven Testing.
Cross-Browser Testing was involved for browser compatibility.
Analyzed automated test results, maintained and sent reports to the management
Conducted different type of testing (smoke, black box, functional, integration, UI, data, interface, regression, UAT, etc.) for Web and Client-Server based applications.
Performed mobile app and mobile web testing for Android and iOS devices.
Developed and executed test for usability testing, interface testing, low level resource testing, service testing, and compatibility testing for mobile devices.
Developed Oracle SQL Queries to validate data from the database tables and performed Back-End Testing.
Developed an automated test framework in Selenium and deployed source code to GitHub
Used Jenkins for continuous integration and development.
Reviewed along with the team all necessary documents and ensured that all scripts and documents are updated.
Prepared test strategy and test schedule for new, upgraded application and services.
Identified, tracked, resolved all defects and ensured resolution prior to implementation of software.
Supported and worked with team to prioritize work requests and reported issues/results on a daily/weekly basis.
Coordinated with management, development team, operations and clients for any outstanding issues and ensured the implementation of software in the correct environment.
Presented drawings to project managers and incorporated recommended changes.
Kept the project on schedule and within budget while serving as project leader
Led project scheduling and budgeting to successfully and quickly complete engineering projects.
Verified construction documentation conformed to quality assurance standards and client requirements.
Documented meeting minutes and distributed to staff to facilitate follow-up and permanent record.

BARNES AND NOBLE, NEW YORK, NY
Role : QA Test Engineer
Duration : Oct 2017 – Apr 2019
Project Names : Online Sales Acceleration (OSA)

Barnes & Noble, Inc., a Fortune 1000 company, is the bookseller with the largest number of retail outlets in the United States and a retailer of content, digital media, and educational products.

Application: Web based application -designed to manage Sales/Billing – worked on multiple versions of sales, billing applications that aim to ensure customer satisfaction and effectiveness of sales, and billing functionality.

Responsibilities:
Designed and developed Test Plan, Test cases, and Test Scripts.
Analyzed the Functional Requirements and Design Specification documents.
Worked closely with software developers, business analysts and other project management personnel involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Attended design review conference meetings with off-site team.
Communicated with developers and QA Team members to resolve issues.
Manually performed Positive, Negative, Integration, Boundary, Sanity, Functional, Cross Brower, Regression, UAT and End-To-End Testing for billing applications.
Used HP Quality Center to ensure efficient documentation of QA activities.
Performed Back-End testing by verifying the data in the Microsoft SQL Server Database.
Managed the Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).
Participated actively in team meetings with Functional/Development Team for fixing bugs.
Reviewed along with the team all necessary documents and ensured that all scripts and documents are updated.
Prepared test strategy and test schedule for new, upgraded applications and services.
Identified, tracked, resolved all defects and ensured resolution prior to the implementation of the software.
Supported and worked with team to prioritize work requests and reported issues/results on a daily/weekly basis.
Coordinated with management, development team, operations and clients for any outstanding issues and ensured the implementation of software in correct environment.
Wrote and optimized test cases to maximize the success of manual software testing with consistent, thorough approaches
Debugged code and located root causes of problems by reviewing configuration files/ logs.
Collaborated with developers and project managers to assess program capabilities, features and testing demands.
Produced and maintained consistent technical documentation.

References:
Available upon request

KAZI ZAHIDUR RASHID
QA Engineer in Test
Contact this candidate