Sushma Kurella

Summary:
Test Automation Engineer with 9 years of experience in Software Testing including Frontend and Backend.
Hands-on experience in developing automated tests for Rest API using RestAssured and UI using Java (OOPS), Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Maven.
Good knowledge in Database (Oracle, Aurora using AWS services), Jenkins, GitHub, Source Tree, Splunk.
Designed Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test Cases, developing Test Scripts followed by Defect / Bug Tracking and Debugging.
Well versed with all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Specialized in identifying the apt tests for automation, Defect Management and Analysis.
Mentored a small team of engineers. Have experience in leading projects.
Passionate to take ownership and being SME in order to deliver Quality Products

Technical Skills:
Test Frameworks: TestNG (Selenium WebDriver)
Languages: Java
Web Services: REST Assured
Project Methodologies: Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Project Build Tools: Maven
Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA
SCM: Github
Cloud: AWS
Databases: SQL, Aurora
CI / CD Tool: Jenkins
Logs / Debug: Splunk, SSH (Server logs), APM

Professional Experience:

Lending Club Aug 2014 - Present
Sr QA Engineer / SDET
Responsibilities:
Supporting the Business to take Go-No Go decision for production release in terms of quality
Creating automation test suites using Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG on all 3 layers - UI, Web Services (RestAPI) DB (Oracle/Aurora), Web Based (Cypress using JavaScript, Selenium Webdriver using Java, TestNg and Maven) and REST API / Web Services (monolith and AWS using RestAssured)
Automation testing for DB (SQL and Aurora) and emails through Exact target using iBatis framework
Expertise in debugging issues using splunk and apm dashboards, server logs and help developers address bugs / defects based on severity
Identifying the apt tests for automation, creating and reviewing test plans, track automation progress and setup new jobs for new feature
Using Browser Stack for cross browser testing
Monitor Jenkins jobs (continuous Integration) for regressions and make automation fixes if needed or report bugs / defects if any.
Maintaining production acceptance tests to run before flipping live traffic.
Key responsibility for testing (regressions) signoff for all the features or releases to production.
Achievement - Reduced manual testing efforts by 25% by automating the required functionality and making quality releases.

Zed Ventures Feb 2014 – Aug 2014
QA Analyst
Responsibilities:
Involved in creating and executing Test scenarios based on User and Functional requirements.
Involved in the creation of Test Plan and estimates with respective to Agile / Scrum methodology.
Implemented unit testing test cases by record and configure using Selenium IDE.
Developed automated scripts for performing Regression Testing through Selenium Web Driver.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical paths in the application and automated it by using Selenium with TestNG and Java.
Used Selenium IDE to record, playback and debug individual test cases.
Used QC for managing test cases and for defect management.
Involved in team meeting to review testing status, issues, and defects.
Interacted with Business Analysts and Developers in requirements analysis, design reviews, testing

VISTEON Jan 2011 – May 2013
Quality Engineer

EmbedUr Systems June 2010 – Dec 2010
SDET

Rockwell Collins Sep 2009 – Feb 2010
QA Engineer

SSS Software Developers Oct 2006 - May 2009
Design Engineer

Education Details:
Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering

Certifications:
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
Contact this candidate