Chandra Verma
Email: ad1zy2@r.postjobfree.com Mobile : 416-***-****

Highly skilled and dedicated Test Engineer with years of experience in managing and delivering product for a wide range of clients. Thrives in fast-paced environments and is committed to delivering projects on time, within budget, and to the highest standards. Adept at communicating effectively with clients, developers, and stakeholders to ensure management of all QA activities in a tight timeline with conflicting priorities.
Designs and develops the overall testing strategy and framework, ensuring effective test coverage and efficient test execution. Test architecture, test strategy, communication skills, performance testing, tools and frameworks.

Technical Skills
1.Full project and QA lifecycle and process experience in both Agile and hybrid projects. End-of-end translation of functionality, business knowledge and system knowledge into effective test planning, management, execution, and automation to deliver a quality project/ product.
2.Experience with Selenium, Silk Web Driver, HP/Mercury testing tool suite, QTP, Playwright, Bugzilla, JMeter, JIRA, Postman, Web load, API Testing, Cypress, etc.
3.Perform testing in Azure DevOps, AWS, GitHub, Java script, C#, ReactJS, .NET, Java, multiple browser/platforms, HTML, CSS etc.
4.Accessibility testing for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) compliance requirements. Expertise in accessibility testing tools like WAVES, JAWS, NVDA, WCAG2.0 AA
5.Experienced in evaluation and selection of the Automation tool and framework, preparing Test Automation strategy and plan, Automation framework design and implementation.
6.Defect management includes the identification, prioritizing, logging, tracking, and triaging of issues.
7.Experience with SQL and able to create SQL scripts, ORACLE DB
8.information retrieval packages Knowledge and understanding of testing methods in an object-oriented environment.
9.Experience in writing manual and automation test scripts.
10.Identify common problem areas (UX and technical) and provide feedback to the team.
11.Experience testing Commercial Off-the Shelf Applications (COTS)
12.Experience with HTML 5, WAI-ARIA tags, UX and front-end development
Analytical Skills

1.QA process improvements, risk assessment, metric development to achieve greater coverage and efficiency.
2.Experience testing custom implementations and COTS implementations.
3.Experience generating test data through DB queries/DB model analysis.
4.Work closely with product owners, developers, and stakeholders to understand product goals, and develop comprehensive, strategic test plans.
5.Oversee the execution of manual and automated tests, ensuring adherence to established standards and methodologies.
6. Lead the effort in defining, implementing, and maintaining the testing strategy, ensuring alignment with organizational goals.
Interpersonal Skills
1.Stakeholder and team management for effective communication and collaboration.
2.Change management and negotiation with teams to negotiate project timeline, testing scope and resource assignment.
3.Excellent coordination and organization skills to manage all QA activities in a tight timeline with conflicting priorities.
Leadership Skills
1.Lead, mentor and provide guidance to QA team members ensuring best practices are followed and knowledge is shared across the team.
2.Review and approve test plans, test cases, and automated scripts prepared by team members.
3.Foster a collaborative environment, ensuring clear communication and timely resolution of issues.
4.Engage in hiring and training activities to build a highly skilled and motivated QA team.
Certifications & Education
1.Pillars of Azure Architecture -Microsoft Azure
2.Design for security in Azure -Microsoft Azure
3.Product Management Essentials -University of Maryland
4.Blockchain Platform- University of New York Buffalo
5.Project Management Foundations
6.Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, India

Professional Experience

Feb 2023- Till date Lead QA Consultant Freelancer, Toronto

Working as lead QA with a live shopping app where people buy and sell collectibles through live auction shows and live drops.
Oversee testing strategy, test plans, test execution, UAT planning, selection of testing tools and testing framework.
Oversee the design and execution of manual smoke, usability, and regression tests, ensuring all critical paths are covered.
Lead the initiative in developing, maintaining, and executing automated tests using JavaScript-based frameworks and tools, ensuring a high level of coverage and reliability.
Work with Product Management, and other stakeholders to define product requirements and KPIs, identify and manage dependencies, analyze test results, review issues and escalate challenges.
Maintaining of test artifacts in JIRA, participating in Requirements/User story grooming, and stakeholder demos.
Experience planning and organizing testing efforts for both large and small systems.
Experience coding automated test scripts to produce sets of automated tests cases.
Coordinating across multiple work streams and programs to ensure E2E testing is proper planned and executed.
Analyze test results including survey data and feedback on bugs and work with stakeholders to identify root causes and next steps.
Experience testing Commercial Off-the Shelf Applications (COTS)
June 2022-Jan 2023 Senior Product Test Engineer Consensys Software, New York / Toronto
Consensys (https://consensys.net) is world’s largest product company working in areas of blockchain technology. I was lead QA for a product called Infura (https://www.infura.io/) which is the leading infrastructure platform providing scalable and easy-to-use APIs and cloud solutions for blockchain and decentralized application developers. I led a team of QA for release management and product development functions for this product and was also hands on in this role.
The key function was planning and executing testing for large transaction volume in fast networks for Web3 functionality, API, layer 2 networks, distributed databases in cloud, product security, transaction verification/integrity and multichannel secure connectivity.
Key tools used for testing are Postman, Datadog, Jira, Playwright in a CI/CD environment.
My team also did continuous benchmarking and implemented and suggested product improvement in coordination with customer teams and internal dev teams.
Increased velocity of testing by 30% with process changes and turn around time by 2-3X in a globally distributed team structure.
Involved in testing a very large upgrade in global Ethereum platform which reduced computation workload requirement by 90%.
Performing test using Information Management principles, concepts, policies, and practices.
Performing accessibility testing to verify Accessibility for Ontarians with Disability Act (AODA) and related regulations and standards.
Experience testing Commercial Off-the Shelf Applications (COTS).
Generate detailed test reports, summarizing test activities, results, and metrics for stakeholders and senior management.
Clearly communicate test progress, results, and any potential issues to product owners, team leads, and stakeholders.
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git), and a strong understanding of the Agile development process.
Nov 2018-June2022 Senior QA CaseLoad Software, Toronto, Canada
Caseload (https://www.caseload.com/) was a legal tech startup now owned by Constellation Software which has products for SaaS based case management for various justice and social ministries/ welfare departments at state and federal level across North America. They provide industry leading highly configurable CMS (Case Management Software) and Community with fully integrated features such as workflow design, scheduling and calendaring, e-filing, and reporting. I was leading the QA team which was primarily responsible for new release testing and major feature upgrades.
Leading and managing testing for the release of product features, development of test plans, test cases and automated test scripts.
Performing test using Information Management principles, concepts, policies, and practices.
Performing accessibility testing to verify Accessibility for Ontarians with Disability Act (AODA) and related regulations and standards.
Full life cycle testing for API using Postman and Swagger tool.
Planning, Implementation, managing automation and manual testing of the web application.
UAT planning and leading initial UAT execution in Agile Environment for the production readiness.
WCAG2.0, ADA compliance testing and security testing for the application using browser extension tool such as Wave.
Experience testing Commercial Off-the Shelf Applications (COTS)
Participating in a new e -filing product design and testing on web and mobile platform.
Collaborate with development, product, and support teams to assure quick turnaround on issues raised by customers.
Aug 2008 - Jul 2012- Lead Quality Engineer / Business relationship management, IIROC, Toronto

Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC), Toronto is the national self-regulatory organization which oversees all investment dealers, trading activity in debt and equity marketplaces of Canada. IIROC as a national regulator was developing a comprehensive system to detect any irregular market activity in Canada and lead investigations to prosecute illegal trading activity. This multi-year Canadian National program is called Surveillance Technology Enhancement Program (STEP). I was lead QA on this National program.
Leading and coordinate the functional regression testing in STEP covering all aspects of checking new release functionality,
Data conversion from STAMP to FIX for multiple feeds,
GUI tool testing for real time alerts, market spread, quotes, and order, trade messages, and report generation, reference data from the market and news items.
Successfully launched multiple phases of Go Live in STEP program without any quality issues.
Review requirements, providing feedback on completeness, testability, Gap Analysis and other risk areas, review change requests and provide level of effort estimates.
Assist in the maintenance of test environments including user accounts, application config and build deployments Environment: Linux, ORACLE.
Aug 07- July 2008 Sr. Quality Analyst Loyalty group (AIR Reward Miles), Toronto, ON
The Loyalty Group (www.loyalty.com) is a privately held division of Alliance Data Systems in Dallas, Texas and provides loyalty marketing services to enterprises in retail, financial services, grocery, petroleum retail, travel, and hospitality sectors globally.

Air Miles is a Canadian rewards program, with over 11 million active collector accounts within approximately two-thirds of all Canadian households. Cash Rewards or Dream Rewards are redeemable with hundreds of rewards partners across Canada.
Develop Test Strategy in accordance with project scope.
Design, develop and execute manual and automation test scenarios.
Document software defects, using a bug tracking system, and report defects to software developers.
Create, and manage automation test suite for E2E testing and full regression testing.
Assist with change management process.
Performing test using Information Management principles, concepts, policies, and practices.
Performing accessibility testing to verify Accessibility for Ontarians with Disability Act (AODA) and related regulations and standards.
Contact this candidate