PROFILE
About * years of experience in the area of Software Testing with good understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution, Defect Reporting and Tracking. Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements, Tracking changes and maintenance of Test Requirements. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
May 2022 – present QA engineer
Toddle-your teaching partner
•Conducted comprehensive manual testing for various software applications, including web applications.
•Developed and executed test plans, test cases, and test scripts for functional and non-functional testing.
•Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure testing requirements were well-defined and met.
•Collaborated with the development team to review code changes and ensure test coverage is maintained.
•Worked closely with designers and developers and to identify, report, and verify software defects, ensuring their timely resolution.
•Participated in daily stand-up meetings and sprint planning, ensuring alignment with Agile development practices.
•Created and maintained detailed test documentation, including test plans, test cases, and test execution reports.
•Conducted API testing using tools such as Postman and conducted integration testing.
•Contributed to the implementation of CI/CD processes using Jenkins, resulting in improved software quality and faster release cycles.
•Executed performance testing using tools like JMeter to optimize system performance.
•Started Learning and working on POC test automation using Cypress and selenium reducing manual testing efforts and increasing test coverage. April 2021
pune, india
Junior Quality Analyst
SplitVision Technologies Pvt. Ltd
•Creating Test Cases according to requirements and execute the test cases and attend Scrum meetings .to discuss the progress of the project.
•Performing regression testing, integration testing, browser testing, mobile testing and smoke testing once in every week.
•Identified, documented and reported bugs, errors, and other issues. Contribute to improving the QA process and quality standards.
•I was responsible to deal with the existing products to meet the new preferences.
•Log and manage bugs and performance issues with development team.
•Consistently recognized for excellent problem solving and analytical skills and Worked collaboratively with QA and development team. Pooja Biradar
QA Engineer
ad20mv@r.postjobfree.com 898-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/pooja-biradar-21812214b/ Hadapsar, Pune, India SKILLS
SDLC,STLC
Testplan & Testcases
Defect life cycle
Project management software Click
Up
Maven
API testing
Basics of Cypress Automation
Testing
Git Commands
Analytical and Problem-Solving
Skills
QA Techniques & Methodologies
Defect tracking tool JIRA
Performance Testing
Eclipse IDE
TestNG
Basics of Selenium
Jenkins
Basics of AWS Cloud
Soft Skills (Communication skills,
Teamwork, Time
Management,Positive Attitude, )
EDUCATION
hyderabad, india B.Tech(ECE)
TKR college of engineering and Technology
hyderabad, india Intermediate
Narayana Junior College
hyderabad, india SSC
Oxford High School
CERTIFICATES
Vector India Pvt ltd
Embedded Systems
Great Learning Academy
Project Management
Great Learning Academy
Software Testing
QSpiders
Manual & Automation Testing
Great Learning Academy
Effective Communication
CertiProf
Scrum Foundation Professional
Certificate
LANGUAGES
English
Marathi
Hindi
Telugu
INTERESTS
Software Testing, Automation Testing, Travelling, Reading books, Music DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the particulars and information furnished above are correct to the best of my knowledge and I undertake to inform you of any changes therein immediately. Pooja Biradar
Pune
Contact this candidate