Valeria Zubet
Austin, TX *****
Mobile: 224-***-****
Email: ad22jm@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/valeria-zubet

QA Automation Engineer

SUMMARY
Dedicated QA Automation Engineer with 4+ years of experience in web application testing. Proficient in JavaScript, Cypress, Playwright, Postman, Xray, Confluence, Jira, and Bitbucket Pipelines. Seeking to contribute my expertise to a dynamic team in an agile environment. Excellent interpersonal skills, communication skills, proven team player with an analytical bent to problem-solving and delivering under high-stress environment.
Greencard Holder.

TECHNICAL Skills:
●Programing Languages: JavaScript, Python
●Test Automation: Cypress, Playwright, Selenium
●API Testing: Postman, REST
●Tools: Bitbucket, Xray, Jira, Confluence
●Cloud: AWS
●Methodologies: Agile, Scrum

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Pretransition Technology Group, Remote USA 08/2019– Present
QA Automation Engineer

●Develop and maintain automated test scripts for a web-based application using JavaScript and Cypress.
●Reduced the time required to complete regression testing by 60% by implementation of test automation.
●Collaborate with cross-functional agile teams to ensure product quality and timely releases.
●Write detailed test cases in Xray, documenting test steps and expected results.
●Utilize Postman for API testing and validation of data interactions.
●Utilized SQL queries to perform database testing, ensuring data integrity and accurate information retrieval.
●Perform regression testing and user acceptance testing to identify and report defects.
●Conduct exploratory testing to discover critical issues not covered by automated tests.
●Integrate automated tests with Bitbucket Pipelines for CI/CD.
●Actively participate in daily stand-up meetings, sprint planning, and retrospective sessions.
●Report and track software defects and enhancements in Jira, ensuring clear communication with the development team.
●Designed test documentation including test plans, and knowledge sharing within Confluence.

EDUCATION
●State University of Moldova, Bachelor's Degree, 2018

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate