PRASHANTHI PALADI
QA Engineer *: ad22od@r.postjobfree.com : 972-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

* ***** ** ******* ********* experience in planning, coordinating and testing of Web - based, Client Server and Mobile applications.
Experience in all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Bug life Cycle and Methods like Waterfall and Agile.
Experience in creating automated test suites (Selenium +Web Driver + Java+ TestNG) from scratch and maintaining the existing one's
Proficient in developing, estimating, documenting and executing test cases manually and generating automated scripts using Selenium IDE, WebDriver.
Proficient in various Testing types such as Integration, System, Functional, Regression, Sanity, Smoke, User-interface (GUI), Data base, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Ad-hoc and Performance Testing.
Experience in doing automation testing for Mobile application using Appium tool and Perfecto mobile software, which involves IOS and ANDROID platforms.
Solid experience on API Testing and Web Service testing using tools like Postman, SoapUI and REST ASSURED.
Expertise in building frameworks for Compatibility and Cross Browser Testing with Selenium Grid.
Experience in setting up build and Continuous integration, have enabled teams to start using build automation and Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins/Hudson, managed Code quality.
Comprehensive knowledge in Web Services testing using SOAP and REST JSON XML web services using SoapUI, Soap Pro, Postman, Rest Assured and tested both XML and JSON formats. Well versed with SOA architect and WSDL/WADL.
Proficiency in Defect management, including Defect creation, modification, tracking, reporting using industry standard tools like HPALM and Jira.
Experience in database testing using SQL queries on RDBMS databases like Oracle, SQL Server.
Experience with source version control tools such as Subversion (SVN), TFS & Git.
Proven leadership skills of managing, developing and motivating teams to achieve their objectives and implementing new process that improve efficiency and productivity.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver/IDE/GRID, JUnit/TestNG, Cucumber, Appium, Postman, SOAPUI, REST ASSURED
Language/ Script
Java, JavaScript, Python
Web development
HTML, XML, CSS, Angular Versions
Methodologies
Agile (Scrum), Waterfall, TDD, BDD
Bug Tracking Tools
HP Quality Center/ALM, JIRA
Build/ CI Tools
Ant, Maven, Jenkins.
Platforms
Windows, Android, iOS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

QA Automation Engineer
Sam's Club Bentonville, AR Oct 2022 – Till Date
Participated in daily stand-up meetings, Sprint Planning and Retrospective meetings.
Implemented Data Driven with Page Object Model - Hybrid automation framework with Selenium WebDriver.
Performed Smoke, Functionality, Integration, System, Regression tests, user interface testing, usability testing, based on Analysis, and understanding of the requirements, non-functional specifications, and end-user needs.
Writing and executing test scenarios, test cases and test scripts using JAVA, Selenium WebDriver and TestNG with a good analysis of the element locators and web driver methods
Used XPath in the context of Selenium in order to pick out page elements in a robust manner by using XPath Siblings.
Designed and Developed UAT Regression automation script and Automation of functional testing framework for all modules using Selenium and WebDriver.
Prepared automation test framework (TestNG and Maven). And worked on acceptance testing using Cucumber.
Develop Test procedures, modify existing procedures to accommodate new changes for Window, Web and Mobile (iOS platforms) based applications using automation tools like Selenium Web Driver, Appium, and AUTO IT.
Tested API calls through web service (Postman) and validate response using Json code.
Contributed to the Continuous Integration pipeline running component builds, creating and running Deployment jobs on individual stages on Jenkins, and running automated and manual functional tests.
Performed web service testing with REST ASSURED by validating request and response for XML and Json files of Restful services.
Write complex queries and joins in SQL, ORACLE to retrieve transaction details at order and items levels from multiple tables and conduct validation to verify that downstream system stores correct information.
Used and monitored JIRA to log, track and close defects as and when developers provide fix.
Used Git as code repository to manage code reviews.
Presented the project status/results on daily and weekly basis in the Project Meetings - Agile.
Tools Used: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Appium, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, Postman, JSON, REST ASSURED, Oracle, Jira, Git, Agile, Windows.

QA Automation Engineer
Remco Auto Insurance Austin, TX Jan 2021 – Sep 2022
Reviewed business requirements and technical specification documents and Analyzed use cases, functional requirements to write detailed Test plans and Test cases.
Involved in implementation of Test Automation Framework build using Selenium WebDriver and Maven technologies under Java platform utilizing industry leading harness design patterns and approaches core Java programming skills using Eclipse.
Used BDD with Cucumber, Java and created feature files with scenario and scenario outline.
Created data-driven automation scripts for testing REST API Web Services using REST Assured.
Created automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber.
Extensively used Page Objects design and page navigation framework for readable test script and easy maintenance from developer perspectives.
Wrote and executed automated test cases using Selenium WebDriver to automate manual testing solutions.
Created Automation script using Selenium WebDriver. Executed scripts on different browser and different platform.
Test Automation Framework using Cucumber BDD.
Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Worked on Web services using POSTMAN exclusively on obtaining the needed information using the URL approach.
Using Postman to develop REST API based automation for our backend services every sprint.
Implemented Appium scripts to test IOS and Android platforms.
Involved in writing automation scripts for mobile native applications using Appium, Core java and Selenium.
Contributed to the Continuous Integration pipeline running component builds, creating and running Deployment jobs on individual stages on Jenkins, and running automated and manual functional tests.
Worked closely with Agile Scrum team from several domains to ensure product testability while running Regression tests in Selenium WebDriver.
Responsible in executing Selenium test scripts on different browsers and checked for compatibility.
Tested the application in highly dynamic environment with sprint team using Agile Methodology.
Used JIRA for Test Management, for Functional Test Automation.
Provide all data validation through SQL Queries UNIX commands to perform Back-end Testing.
Tools Used: Java, Selenium WebDriver, JavaScript, Maven, Cucumber, Postman, Appium, Jenkins, REST ASSURED, Page Object Model (POM), Eclipse, Agile, JIRA, Oracle, GIT, Windows.

QA Automation Engineer
First Financial Bank Cincinnati, OH Apr 2019 – Dec 2020
Actively involved with SCRUM and sprint meetings, managing product backlog, removing obstacles to progress, re-allocating resources where necessary, prioritizing and review milestones and accomplishments.
Performed Data-Driven testing by developing Java based library to read test data from Excel & Properties files.
Performed SOA / web services testing using SoapUI, wrote adaptors to test / invoke web services.
Used automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using Selenium.
Created performance testing environment and installed all the necessary components of LoadRunner on the different machines
Performed API Level testing for web services, enhanced the Test harness and developed many Test suites using XML.
Manage Automation project with Maven Build tool. Used Maven for building the Web driver project.
Executed system, integration, end-to-end, and user acceptance test (UAT) test cases.
Extensively used the LOG4j to log regular Debug and Exception statements.
Involved in setting up continuous integration system using Jenkins and working knowledge with cloud based code repository system like GitHub.
Developed automation test cases, executed these test scripts from test lab and logged defects in JIRA
Coordinated the walkthrough and kickoff meetings with developers and project managers.
Tools Used: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, SOAP UI, XML, Log 4j, GitHub, Oracle, Jenkins, Jira, Agile, Windows.

QA Engineer
Optimized Solutions Hyderabad, India Oct 2016 – Dec 2017
Worked on implementation of Test Automation Framework build using Selenium WebDriver.
Converted automation scripts to new framework using Selenium WebDriver, Java and TestNG.
Reviewed use cases, design documents, business requirements, etc. and developed test scripts, executed test cases, and documented defects using Microsoft test manager.
Monitored resolution status of the bugs and verified them fixed in new releases.
Performed API testing in BDD framework using Cucumber agile projects.
Worked with End-to- end testing for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Worked on Selenium GUI Object/element verification is done through XPath, CSS Locators.
Implemented OOD & Java collection frameworks to retrieve the list of values from web page for validation.
Developed and executed various manual testing scenarios and exceptionally documented the process to perform functional testing of the application.
Determined system defects based on expected outcome of testing performed.
Used Maven for building the WebDriver project.
Created Feature File Scenario Outline with Cucumber framework and wrote Acceptance test using BDD.
Documented software bugs and wrote test reports by using Microsoft Test Manager and Team Foundation Server.
Performed Regression Testing at various phases of development life cycle for impacted existing functionality.
Involved in testing of services using SOAP/REST services using SOAP UI.
Developed Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to track requirements on a monthly basis for senior management.
Execution and maintaining test cases in Jira.
Tools Used: Java, Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber, TestNG, Page Object Model (POM), Maven, Jenkins, Git, Jira, JavaScript, Windows.

QA Engineer
Mroads Hyderabad, India Jun 2015 – Sep 2016
Involved in gathering business requirement, studying the application and collecting the information from developers, and business.
Developed Automation scripts in Selenium WebDriver to test new functionalities added to the application.
Developed Data Driven framework with the Page Object Model pattern to retrieve test actions, test data from Excel files and SQL Databases.
Designed and executed the Automation Test Scripts using Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Performed SOA Web Services Test (SOA Test) on project operated within agile environment, with 2-4 week sprints, daily scrum meetings, burn-down charts, task weighting, pair programming, refactoring, presentations and review, Tested Web services (SOAP, WSDL) using SOAPUI.
Worked on Selenium GUI Object / element verification using XPath and CSS Locators.
Prepared test plans, test cases, test scenarios, test data and test scripts with schedules & dependencies for functional, UI, integration, database, usability, Performance and regression testing.
Used RESTClient and POSTMAN to perform API Testing.
The bugs detected are recorded and notified to developers and managers using JIRA.
Performed Backend testing by extensively using SQL queries to verify the integrity of the database
Used GIT as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code reviews.
Prepared UAT report and shared this with the scrum master in order to discuss the progress and completion of User acceptance testing.
Tools Used: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, SOAPUI, XPath, POSTMAN, JIRA, SQL, GIT, Agile, Windows.
Contact this candidate