Ramita Chauhan ad23pu@r.postjobfree.com 408-***-****
Accomplished Quality assurance professional with strong Manual and Automation Testing skills. Extensive 10 years of experience in web testing and mobile testing. Committed to ensuring that quality standards are upheld to promote optimal customer satisfaction. Key Skills:
● Hands-on experience in Mobile apps, Web & Device Testing.
● Worked on various IOS and Android Platforms testing.
● Experience in Automation testing using Selenium Web Driver.
● Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, Regression Testing,Backend Testing, Black-Box Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, GUI Software Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Cross Browser/ Cross Platform Testing, UI Validation, WebServices. ● Experienced in data validation using SQL Queries.
● Ability to adapt to new environments quickly, strong team player, good communication, enthusiastic learner, confident, sincere and committed. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Google - Chrome: July 2022- Sep 2023 : QA Engineer San Jose
● Worked on Site Rating of chrome module. Chrome Autofill testing of various region sites like US,BR and MX.
● Google Password Manager testing for various modules
● Affiliation Testing on Mobile and Android :Testing to find out the credential sharing affiliation between android apps and websites
Visitors Coverage: March 2020 -July 2022 QA Engineer Santa Clara
● Worked as an integral part of the QA team at Visitors coverage. Participated in Sprint planning, Requirement creation and test case documentation along with website testing on desktop and mobile testing environments.
● Create test plans and test cases of various website features for desktop and mobile. ● Perform functionality, compatibility and mobile testing of various insurance plans and the changes in them periodically.
● Complete website and application testing on various android platforms ● UI and interface testing for all features on various platforms like IPAD, android, phone and desktop
● Regression testing using Selenium automation suite along with Java Client: TIVO Inc(now Xperi) : Sep 2014 to August 2019 QE Tester : San Jose
● Successfully handled the device testing on set top boxes and various mobile platforms. ● Worked with the compliance and certification team and handled device testing including set top boxes and mobile platforms.
● Responsible for testing applications, those, with the team to make sure applications are working as expected.
● Worked in the release QA team as a primary member. Was involved in managing the complete lifecycle of test-ing using the Scrum methodology.
● Accessibility Testing, Pay Per view testing, Build Validation, Software Upgrade Testing. ● Was involved in active testing of all the apps on the Tivo Platforms. Various apps used were Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, and IFTTT.
Tavant Technologies, Bangalore India March 2010 to Dec 2013 Sr QA Engineer
● Expertise in manual testing and Mobile Application Testing and iPAD Testing. ● Involved in performing System Testing like Functional Testing, GUI Testing, Compatibility Testing, Smoke Testing, Regression Testing for mobile handsets and web based applications.
● Good exposure of testing applications on a wide range of mobile handsets of different vendors including iPhone etc.
Project NACCO
● NACCO is a warranty domain application. NACCO materials handling group use the Tavant Warranty management system.Tavant has prepared SLMS (Service life cycle management system) for NACCO. This application is mainly being used by the dealers, administrators for transferring the trucks filing warranty claims.
● Authored test cases for the new functionality and change requests.
● Selenium Automation using Web Driver and Java.
Education: B-Tech in Computer Science from Punjab Technical University (2005)
Contact this candidate