RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
Name: Ronald T. Zaragoza
Applied Position: Civil Engineer
Education: B.Sc. Civil Engineering
STI West Negros University - 2003
Contact No.: +639*********/+966*********
E-mail Address: ad246c@r.postjobfree.com
Aramco SAP Nos: 80007388
CBT Reg. Nos.465902959
Validation Nos.:717134938
EPM Log ID: ZARAGORT
Badge Nos: 8791657
QMS ISO 9001:2015 Lead Auditor (QCI/IRCA, ULN:532715)
Saudi Council of Engineers Member (960645)
ACI member IND13-785
SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE:
Have an experienced more than 16 accumulated years in Civil construction, assigned in Civil, Building works, and Steel Structural and erection in Oil & Gas EPC Mega project, petrochemical, chemical industries and Local project. Has work on as Civil supervisor and inspector included reviewing of scope of works, IFC drawings, methodology, technical documents, material submittals, site inspections, monitoring of site activity and progress, hand-over documents, coordination of on-going project, ensuring adherence to safety regulations, coordinates to interface discipline and reporting to immediate manager. Ensure management/administrative position in the field of Engineering and be utilized particularly in evaluating, applying quality standards for construction engineering techniques, procedures & criteria using applicable codes, standards & specifications with self-motivated to consistently provide first-class results in line with stringent targets and deadlines.
PROJECT INVOLVES:
JFGP PKG3-Utilities, Sulfur, and Interconnecting System BI/JO Nos. 10-143**-****, JAFURA K.S.A (September 30 to date)
Jizan Refinery & Terminal Project, JRTP/EPC-2 Mega Project, under BI-10-01055-002 Jizan K.S.A. (July 12, 2015 to January 17, 2020.)
Combine Cycle Facility Project under BI-10-00614 EPC Package 5 Shaybah, K.S.A.
(Aug.10,2014 to March 23,2015)
SADARA Tank Farm EPC Mega Project, Petro Chemical Plant, Jubail Industrial City 2
(Dec.21,2013 to June 19,2014)
Wasit Gas Program NGL Fractionation Project (WFC) Package 4 under BI-10-00302- 0002 Jubail K.S.A. (June 08,2013 to Dec.12,2013)
Upgrade Sour Gas Piping Project at Shedgum Gas Plant under BI-10-00868 Shedgum Refinery Plant, Southern Area Gas Project. (July 18,2011 to April 23,2013)
Bulk Plant Project at Eastern Region Areas, Additional Capacity, Phase II under BI-10- 00612 (Nov.23,2010 to July 14,2011)
Bulk Plant Project at Western Region Area, Additional Capacity Phase II under BI-10- 00610 (Feb.27,2010 to Nov.20,2010)
Poly Carbonate EPC Mega Project KY-8501, at Jubail 1, Saudi Kayan (March 10, 2008 to Feb.24,2010)
Waste Water Treatment Project, at Petro Rabigh, Saudi Aramco (Aug.18,2007 to March 05,2008)
RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Sept.30, 2023
–
Present
July 12, 2015
to January 17,
2020
PID – Civil Inspector – DNV Germanischer Lloyd Industrial Services Saudi Arabia Co. Ltd, SAUDI ARAMCO – JFGP PKG3-Utilities, Sulfur and Interconnecting System
(Jafurah Project) BI/JO Nos. 10-143**-****
Responsible within the project as follows.
Review Scope of work, IFC drawings, technical specifications and contract documents- that may arise during the projects and validation of inspection assignments documentation other civil and building related functions.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to develop and implement engineering solutions that meet project objectives.
Review engineering deliverables and initiate appropriate corrective action.
Proficient in material testing, reviewing construction documentation, and ensuring adherence to safety regulations.
Review Civil & Building quality procedures, method statements and look ahead schedule.
Verify and document that all materials/equipment received for the project are in conformance with the approved submittal, are handled and stored appropriately, and are acceptable for use in the project, check for damaged and defective materials and address Schedule, coordinate, and document all required inspections, clearly document, correct, and re-inspect all non-conformances prior to covering up work. Making sure no overdue inspections are holding works for contractor/subcontractors.
Prepare, schedule, coordinate and monitor assigned engineering project.
Interact daily with contractor to interpret their needs and requirements and represent them in the field.
Conduct detailed inspections to ensure compliance with design specifications and quality standards.
Providing technical guidance and mentoring to junior engineers and technicians.
Cooperate and communicate effectively with project manager and other project participants to provide assistance and technical support in line of quality requirements.
Routine surveillance to ensure the civil and building construction will be brought to mechanical completion in accordance with approved project schedule.
Conduct Focus Assessment for non-conformance and provide corrective action.
Collaborate with project management team including contractors and engineers, to resolve quality-related issues. Utilize expertise to identify and address potential issues, ensuring projects meet regulatory requirements.
Generate details inspection reports, documenting findings and making recommendations for corrective action.
Attend, Kick-off meetings with contractor for new activities, including review of progress to quality plan and look ahead schedule.
Ensuring compliance with industry standards, regulations, and safety guidelines. QA/QC Civil/Steel Structural Inspector – HHI-Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. Ltd, SAUDI ARAMCO EPC MEGA Project - Jizan Refinery & Terminal Project, JRTP/EPC-2 under BI- 10-01055-002 Jizan K.S.A.
Responsible for activities within the project as follows.
Review Scope of work, IFC drawings, Project quality plan, technical specifications and contract documents (Schedule Q)-that may arise during the project execution. RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
Review of Material specification according to project requirements and receiving inspection.
Track and document quality control processes, maintaining comprehensive records.
Monitoring and implementation of QMS Procedures, PQP, ITP & method statements and reporting deviations from management system. Demonstrate a keen eye for precision and a commitment to upholding the integrity of civil engineering projects.
Provide detailed reports to management, highlighting quality assurance measures and project status.
Inspect various Civil/Building/Steel Structure and Fire proofing in accordance with Saudi Aramco Standard Specification and Procedures.
Inspect structures using engineering skills to determine structural soundness and compliance with specifications, according to code of standards, IBC, ACI, ASTM, AISC and ASSHTO.
Collaborate closely with project teams to address and resolve construction issues promptly. Conducts Quality Control Inspections on site activities, workmanship and materials received on site to ensure their compliance with the contract requirements.
Assists the QA/QC engineer in auditing and inspecting subcontractor’s materials, plant and works that are being executed, fabricated or manufactured at site or out of the site.
Controls all non-conformances reports (NCR) and ensure corrective actions are taken, root causes are analyzed, and preventive actions are well placed and communicated.
Issues Corrective Preventive Action Requests (CPAR) to all (NCR) and ensures closure.
Develops and maintains the QA logs/trackers on site and maintains the calibration register.
Ensures the inspection of quality samples/mock-ups are carried out in line with the project requirements. Keeps proper traceability of these benchmarks for future reference.
Visits laboratories to ensure proper testing and inspection for materials and assures that all the measuring tools, testing devices are suitable for use and calibrated in a timely manner.
Supports Project QA/QC Manager for all site related audits, both internally and externally.
Assists in preparing the weekly / monthly reports related to QA/QC.
Maintains archives for quality testing and inspection records such as, concrete pouring, cubes testing, curing, inspection requests, calibration certificates, lab test reports, and other related quality scope of works.
Ensures that all project records are identifiable, retrievable and secured against deterioration or loss, and provides help and guidance to site document control team.
Carries out the snagging inspections towards the project finishing phase and follows- up for the close out of the same.
Prepares project handover documentation/deliverables under guidance and supervision from Project QA/QC manager.
Prepare written reports documenting Civil/Building/Steel structural and Fire proofing, QA/QC inspections, non-compliance notices, and corrective actions.
Responsible for monitoring conformance to quality, performance, specifications, and/or code requirements by performing inspection duties.
Performs daily field inspections and maintains inspection test records for soil, structural concrete, asphalt, steel structure and fire proofing.
Conduct detailed inspections to ensure compliance with design specifications and quality standards.
Responsible for the setting of goals of the group and for coordinating design issues, ensuring shop drawings/submittals are approved, resolution of quality related issues, and maintaining the quality manual.
Preparing quality acceptance records for interface hand-over.
Provide early warning/Proactive for potential quality problems to avoid further delay of project completion.
Provides input to documentation for area and structure turnovers. RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
June 08, 2013
to
March 15, 2015
Participates in punch lists, testing, walkthrough and PMC.
Performing compliance records for project hand-over. Gulf Mas Engineering & Contracting Est. (Manpower supply) P.O. Box 1000, Ras Tanura K.S.A.
Company and Project Involves
SEPCO, Shandong Electric Power Construction Group Saudi Arabia LLC
Combine Cycle Facilities EPC Package 5, Shaybah K.S.A.
Position Held: QC Civil Supervisor
Inclusive date: Aug.10, 2014 to March 23, 2015
Daewoo Engineering and Construction Co.
SADARA Tank Farm Project EPC, Petro Chemical Plant, Jubail Industrial City 2
Position Held: QC Civil Supervisor
Inclusive date: Dec.21, 2013 to June 19, 2014
SK Engineering and Construction, Jubail Khursaniyah K.S.A.
Wasit Gas Program NGL Fractionation Project, (WFC) Package 4 under BI-10-00302- 0002, Jubail K.S.A.
Position Held: QA/QC Civil Inspector
Inclusive date: June 08, 2013 to Dec.12, 2013
Responsible for construction activities within the project as follows.
Review quality requirements, standard specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.
Responsible to develop and supervise the quality control and quality assurance procedures and ensure all the engineering and construction works are up to the project specifications requirement to ensure that the delivery of design & construction is carried out as per the engineering standard practices and conform with the quality management system.
Responsible for leading ongoing site works as per approved shop drawings and submittals such as Method Statements, Inspection and Test Plans (ITPs) and material submittals.
Preparing and control of project quality system management documentation prior to project commencement, reviewing quality inspection procedure and related document requirements as per project scope and specification. Lead and document quality control meetings with the project team and provide written minutes.
Attending weekly Quality meeting with the Client Project Inspection Division, to discuss the necessary corrective and preventive action for those concern quality issues.
Conduct daily/ weekly quality meetings with all QC inspectors to achieve desired quality outcomes in a timely manner by reinforcing activities that are being constructed in conformance with project-specific standards, and constructively confront non- conformance.
Coordinate their activities, monitor performance and progress.
Develop and implement project-specific quality controls
Analyze and investigate product complaints or reported quality issues to ensure closure under company guidelines and external regulatory requirements. RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
Aug. 18, 2007
-
Apr. 23, 2013
Responsible for the setting of goals of the group and for coordinating design issues, ensuring shop drawings/submittals are approved, resolution of quality related issues, and maintaining the quality manual.
Proficient in material testing, reviewing construction documentation, and ensuring adherence to safety regulations.
Track and document quality control processes, maintaining comprehensive records. Ensure essential data is recorded and inspections are properly documented.
Communicates effectively with management and staff alike.
Meet and deal effectively with others.
Maintains and enhances sound relationship with clients and subordinates.
Provide guidance/direction to the field engineer, inspectors and contractors.
Coordinate their activities, monitor performance and progress.
Identify, define and resolve field problems.
Exercise supervision over the engineer of all disciplines assigned to the project or portion of the project.
Inspects materials and work progress for conformance to specifications to meet as per standard.
Verifying the technical specification and inspection of compliance certificates of various construction materials.
M.S. Al Suwaidi Industrial Services Co. Ltd
P.O. Box 991, Jubail Industrial City 31951 K.S.A
Company and Project Involves
Upgrade Sour Gas Piping Project at Shedgum Gas Plant Saudi Aramco
Shedgum Refinery Plant, Southern Area Gas Project.
Position Held: QA/QC Structural Inspector
Inclusive date: July 18, 2011 to April 23, 2013
Bulk Plant Project @ Riyadh Bulk Plant Eastern Region Areas, Saudi Aramco o Additional Capacity, Phase II under BI-10-00612
o Position Held: QA/QC Civil Inspector
o Inclusive date: Nov.23, 2010 to July 14, 2011
Bulk Plant Project at Western Region Area, Saudi Aramco o Additional Capacity Phase II under BI-10-00610
o Position Held: QA/QC Civil Inspector
o Inclusive date: Feb.27, 2010 to Nov.20, 2010
Poly Carbonate EPC Project KY-8501, at Jubail 1, Saudi Kayan o Position Held: QA/QC Civil/Building Inspector
o Inclusive date: August 18, 2007 to Feb.24, 2010
Responsible for construction activities within the project as follows.
Review reference documents, ITP, Standard Specification and Procedure, Scope of work, Quality Control Procedures.
Ensure the correct implementation of the approved Inspection Test Plan according to Clients requirements.
RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
Receiving materials for Civil, Steel Structure and Building according to approve submittals and compliance on standard and specification.
Witness testing for Pre CPT Test for stone column.
Conduct inspection of all type of Concrete works, earth works, building architectural works, grouting works, underground services and structural steel works in line with approved ITP’s. Develop and implement project-specific quality controls.
Random check using surveying equipment to verify vertical and horizontal alignment, location of structures, elevation of pipe and other utilities, verifies placement of reinforced steel, embedded items, concrete quality, and placement of form work.
Inspect culverts, manholes, sumps, and foundations during and after construction for structural quality, in conformance to project specifications.
Witness field density tests for soil, fresh concrete tests on concrete at site.
Prepare all necessary documents and attachments for the inspection and testing requirement.
Conduct Site inspection and co-ordinate to construction to implement the work completed in complies with code in accordance with specification.
Coordinate with client for inspection activities issued RFI (Request for inspection) for witness/hold point.
Monitors and inspects a variety of facility installations to ensure compliance with project documents, including minor and major RCC structure, in Building architectural works of Sub Station PIB and OMB.
Checks the preparation of foundations.
Checks the correct preparation of reinforcements and embedded items.
Checks formworks, supports elevation and coordinate as per approved IFC reference.
Monitor curing for concrete structural.
Checking of moisture on foundation surface.
Witness DFT of bitumen coating for foundation.
Inspection of Metal Stud, insulation board and Gypsum board at Sub Station.
Conduct levelling inspection for panel plate and floor.
Witness during application of putty and coating thickness for internal and external surface.
Witness leak testing and applying of membrane for water proofing.
Check the conformity with the Quality Control Plan and obtain the relevant documentation.
Witness the CMU installation inside building.
Direct reporting to superior any problem encountered on the job site and preparing necessary reports for corrective action.
Involving, earthwork, pipe rack support foundation, equipment foundation & access plat form, foundation, crude storage tank, gravity sewer sump and concrete pavement, asphalt paving, road construction, trench line and other civil miscellaneous works.
Develop and support capital projects engineering/construction activities related to civil
& Structural design structures, earth works, building and foundations in accordance specification ASTM, ACI, AISC & Uniform building code.
Monitor and implementation of quality control and safety measures. Local Project RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
June 06, 2005 to
July 30, 2007
Oct.06, 2003 to
May 27, 2005.
Silay City Engineers Office
Silay City Local Government Project
Under Construction and Maintenance Division.
Position Held: Construction & Maintenance staff (Local Government Casual employee) Duties & responsibilities:
Preparing material take off and request according to concern for drainages, road repair canals and other barangay’s and city issues.
Prepare cost estimate and quotation as per plan detailed / per site inspection
Supervise and verifying concern complains from the various barangays.
Compiling of plans for requesting structural permits.
Monitoring works flow and manpower activities on the job site
Carries out day-to-day operations related to the civil engineering for site services function to ensure that work processes are implemented as designed and comply with technical specifications, engineering standards, and other established policies, processes and procedures.
Compiling job specs and supervising tendering procedures.
Prepare daily and weekly report @ evaluation to give full information to the Head Department Engineer.
Prepare daily schedule of works flow @ manpower activities
Give Specific and concise instruction to the foremen in charge on the job site.
Carry out the works at site as per daily construction program given by the Construction Head Engineer.
Scheduling material and equipment purchases and deliveries for maintenance concern requested.
Maintenance of public market and school buildings facilities.
Supervise of road asphalt repair and drainages clogging.
Perform other function delegated by immediate superior. Medshopped Design and Construction Co.
Housing and Land Development Project
Position held: Site Civil Supervisor
Duties & Responsibilities:
Responsible for implementation civil construction works for housing and roads activity.
Undertaking surveys and checking all plan details including elevation and coordinates before site implementation.
Preparing material take-off for the project use as per requirements on the housing project.
Ensuring projects meet agreed specifications, budgets or timescales.
Performs work assignments and give clear instructions and specific objectives
Preparing of weekly work schedule, tools and materials.
Monitoring work flow and manpower activities on the job site.
Problem solving according to site condition and modification.
Inspection delivered material for the necessary compliance according to required speciation of house constructed.
Responsible for monitoring and inspection of ongoing civil works, such as survey to established horizontal and vertical control points, excavation of foundation backfilling and compactions, installation of forms and reinforce rebar’s concrete placements, water curing process, concrete masonry unit’s installations and plastering
Conduct daily accomplishment inspection for weekly billing. RESUME
Ronald T. Zaragoza
Dec. 28 to 30,
2023
May 17,2015
Feb. 15,2015
Nov. 24,2014
March 24,2014
March 6,2014
Sept 27,2013
Dec 2, 2013
Jan 29,2005 to
April 30, 2005
Sept. 23,2003
TRAINING AND SEMINARS:
QMS ISO 9001:2015 Lead Auditor Training Course Certified by CQI-IRCA, United Veritas Certification (UVCERT) in association with Robere & Associates (Thailand) Ltd.
(Online class & Exam)
ACI Technical Seminar on Hydrophobic and pore blocking admixture for concrete. At Gulf Meridien Hotel, Al-khobar K.S.A.
ACI Technical Seminar on Hydrophobic and pore blocking admixture for concrete. At Gulf Meridien Hotel, Al-khobar K.S.A
ACI Technical Seminar on Non-destructive Testing & Concrete Applications. At Gulf Meridien Hotel, Al-khobar K.S.A.
ACI Technical Seminar on Innovative Fire System for Instrument in Refineries and Petrochemical Industries, At Gulf Meridien Hotel, Al-khobar K.S.A Life Critical Training HOT WORKS
HSE Daewoo E&C SADARA Site Construction, Jubail K.S.A. QA/QC Inspector Quality Awareness Forum
Mapua Engineer Alumni AL-Khobar, K.S.A.
ACI Technical Seminar on Ways to achieve sustainable, durable and long service life concrete structure, Dr. Mader ACI President Eastern province K.S.A. Gulf Meridien Hotel AL-Khobar, K.S.A.
Welding area, GAS Arc
Silay City Skill Training Staff & Teacher guest
Silay City Skill Training Project. Philippines
Seminar on Vertical Structures and Soil Investigation Engr. Perfecto Padilla & PICE Staff
WNC PICE, Philippines
CHARACTER REFERENCE:
Engr. Rayed Al Jarah Engr. Cezar A. Manuyag
JFGP Lead Project Engineer JFGP SMP/PID SR. Civil Engineer Utilities, Sulfur and Interconnecting System Utilities, Sulfur and Interconnecting System Email: ad246c@r.postjobfree.com Email: ad246c@r.postjobfree.com Tel Nos.: +966 13668-555x2403 C.P.Nos.: +966*********
Contact this candidate