Yasemin Koc
Software QA Engineer
Mobile: 469-***-**** ad26h3@r.postjobfree.com Orlando, FL

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
●5+ years of experience in Information Technology with Manual and Automation testing of web-based applications.
●Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases and test Scenarios in DDT (Data Driven Testing), and BDD (Behavioral Driven Development) with Cucumber Automation Frameworks by using Selenium WebDriver.
●Gained hands-on experience in designing, developing, and implementing Page Object Model pattern-based automation testing framework utilizing JAVA, Maven, Selenium Web Driver, JUnit, and Cucumber from scratch.
●Performed Unit, end-to-end, functional, and integration testing using TestNG.
●Implemented test plans, test scenarios and QA methodology, Quality standards, Procedures, Test strategy, Test Plans, Test execution, and Traceability matrix, all of which are based on business requirements.
●Strong practical knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts in JAVA.
●Significant knowledge and skills in RESTful API and utilizing HTTP requests to GET, PUT, POST, and DELETE data using POSTMAN. Also, I have considerable experience in automating APIs using Java’s REST Assured libraries, which involve JUnit & Hamcrest Assertions in conjunction with Deserialization.
●Extensively worked on the backend, data warehousing and decision support systems with Relational Database Management Systems such as Oracle and MySQL.
●Utilized Git, which serves as a distributed version control system, as well as GitHub, which functions as a remote repository.
●Practical knowledge of the Defect Life Cycle process, using project management tools such as Jira.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
METHODOLOGIES
Agile (Scrum)
LANGUAGES
Java, SQL, Gherkin
TESTING TOOLS
Selenium WebDriver
FRAMEWORKS
Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG, Page Object Model (POM), Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Data-Driven Development (DDD) Test Driven (TDD)
TEST MANAGEMENT
Jira
BUILD TOOL
Maven
API
RESTful API, POSTMAN, REST Assured
DATABASES
MySQL, JDBC
DEPLOYMENT
Git, GitHub
CI TOOLS
Jenkins
OS
Windows, Mac OS
IDE
Eclipse

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: Ellucian Reston, Virginia
Title: Software Quality Assurance Engineer 11/2021 – Present
Responsibilities:
●Created a Full Stack Automation (E2E) Framework (Selenium/JDBC/Restful library) that is a Hybrid of Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and Data-Driven Testing.
●Designed and implemented BDD Automation Framework with Page-Object-Model using Cucumber Feature files, Runners, and creating verifications by JUnit.
●Extensively utilized Web Element locators like XPath and CSS selectors to locate complex web elements and handle synchronization for Selenium WebDriver.
●Used Maven to construct the project and handle its dependencies. Ran tests through Maven commands and integrated them using Jenkins.
●Obtained extensive experience in UI/Front-end Testing by Selenium using custom locators and utility methods.
●Applied OOP concepts of Java (Encapsulation, Abstraction, Polymorphism, Inheritance) to the framework for more reusable, maintainable, and easy-to-read tests.
●Utilized Maven-Cucumber-Master-thought Reporter for HTML report of test results to be understandable by both technical/non-technical team members.
●Developed and implemented Test Plans, Test scripts, and Test Cases for both Manual and Automated Testing.
●Gained efficiency in Project Management by Jira and Version Control by Git together with GitHub repository.
●Applied Agile/Scrum process with Dev Team attending scheduled ceremonies (Sprint Planning, Standup, Review, and Retrospective meetings).
●Operated Jenkins which enabled the accomplishment of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, carried out tasks in the background, and evaluated pass or fail conditions within the QA setting.
●Created a test database (using SQL dev) from scratch and connected the test database to the Cucumber Framework using the JDBC driver.
●Employed external jars and Apache poi API to extract test data from Excel spreadsheets.
●Performed Parallel and Cross-Browser/Cross-Platform Testing using resources available locally.
●Carried out API Testing using POSTMAN REST Assured library. Contributed to a generic automation framework developing web services (REST/Soap) and database layers using Java, Inheritance, JSON, and JDBC.
Client: K Health New York, NY
Title: QA Automation Engineer 07/2019- 11/2021
Responsibilities:
●Involved in studying requirement documents and obtained knowledge required for the understanding of project goals.
●Took part in Agile Ceremonies such as Sprint Planning, Sprint Grooming, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, and Sprint Retrospective meetings.
●Created and implemented a Behavior-Driven Development Framework (BDD) using Java, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, JUnit, and Cucumber, designing step definitions and feature files with Gherkin language.
●Examined the test results of the automated test scenarios, generated a Cucumber HTML report that included screenshots of each failed scenario, and logged defects in Jira.
●Participated in Sprint Planning meetings, providing estimated levels of effort. Additionally, I attended Sprint Retrospective meetings to offer feedback and discuss ways to enhance the team's productivity. Whenever necessary, I raised concerns and provided suggestions and feedback during the Sprint.
●Collaborated with Test Lead to update and develop Test Plan and Requirements Documents.
●Developed and executed database testing using advanced SQL queries manually through MySQL.
●Conducted back-end testing by composing and executing queries to confirm that data is accurately populating in relevant tables. I also manually cross-checked the data with front-end values to ensure its correctness.
●Generated wide-ranging test cases to provide the end-to-end functionality testing of the application and collected the test data.
●Utilized Jenkins CI/CD tool to main and update automated Smoke and Regression test suites.
●Worked with the Business and UAT teams to assess validation scenarios for the User Acceptance Testing phase and implemented all test cases into the UAT environment.
●Effectively used HTTP requests with Postman and RESTful API to GET PUT POST and Delete. Binding automation knowledge with APIs, creating corresponding common elements, functions, step definitions, and feature files with the help of Rest Assured library to automate API.

Client: Sirena Marine Manufacturer Istanbul, Turkey
Title: Senior Sales Support Specialist 10/2009 -7/2014

●Conduct business development and strategies to obtain new customers.
●Responsible for managing and updating account information on all customers.
●Annual budget preparation including Sales Budget, After Sales Services budget, Equipment budget.
●Providing support for sales and all cross-functional teams - Oracle CRM and ERP usage, ad hoc
reports etc.

Client: Tisan Engineering Plastics Istanbul, Turkey
Title: Tools & Analytics Specialist 02/2006-07/2009

●Serve as the primary administrator for Customer Relationship Management software for sales.
●Build and maintain profitable relationships with current and prospective customers.
●Create customer groups within CRM to align business by channel, products, regions &amp, geographies.
●Develop and improve the performance standard for sales, Product and Quality groups by creating
critical performance indicators.

EDUCATIONAL HISTORY
●Sakarya University, Turkey
Master’s Degree: Master of Business Administration-MBA
●Karadeniz Technical University, Turkey
Bachelor’s Degree: Bachelor of Science-BS / Physic
Contact this candidate