BISHNUPRIYA MAHARAJ

E- mail: ad27pq@r.postjobfree.com Visa Status: L2S Visa
Mobile: +1-484-***-**** LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/bishnupriya-maharaj-39461b104

Summary: As a dynamic Software Testing Engineer professional with a decade of comprehensive expertise in ensuring the quality and functionality of software applications. Proven track record in designing and implementing effective testing strategies, managing test cycles, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software solutions. Proficient in various testing methodologies, automation frameworks, and tools. Adept at identifying and resolving complex issues to optimize product performance. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills coupled with excellent communication abilities. Committed to maintaining the highest standards of software quality throughout the development life cycle.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Having 10+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance, with emphasis on Functional, Regression,
Smoke, Exploratory, UAT, System, and Integration testing of Web, Mobile, eCommerce-based applications.
Expertise in Functional Automation, Web Services Automation.
Expertise in all phases of Test Automation including Tool evaluation, Requirements gathering, Analysis and
Design test automation frameworks, Script development, Script scheduling and Test report analysis
Experienced in Test planning, Preparing Scope, Estimations and Test Summary Report.
Extensive experience with different automation tools such as Cypress, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber,
Experienced with different SDLC methodologies such as Waterfall, V Model and Agile Process (Scrum
Methodology).
Built and Maintain Keyword driven, and Data driven frameworks using Selenium WebDriver and Mocha using Cypress.
Implemented Page Object Model and Page Object Factory design patterns using Cypress and Selenium.
Implemented BDD development processes and prepared automation framework using for BDD Cucumber
and BDD Spec Flow.
Handing on experience in writing test cases using Java script in Cypress.
Performed Web Services Automation using HTTP Client, Rest Assured and Rest Client API to integrate with
Cypress.
Performed SQL DB Automation and Read Excel file using Cypress.
Experienced with Project Management tool and Agile management tools like JIRA, RTC, AzureDevOps.
Having experience in CI/CD approach using Jenkins and AzureDevOps, Responsible for creating Build and
Release Pipelines.
Experienced in Data base testing by writing and executing SQL Queries through Cypress.
Experience in leading a Team (6 members) and in trained them on Cypress
Experience in Client Interaction, Coordinating with Global QA teams.
Strong in Interpersonal, Communication and Presentation skills
Proficient with HTML, CSS, XPath.

CERTIFICATION:
ISTQB - Foundation Level ISTQB
PMO certification level1
AWARDS:

Outstanding contribution award for Fidelity project from NTTDATA
Spot award and EIP award from scholastic project NTTDATA
Keane pin award from NTTDATA for Landauer project

Technical Skills:

Automation Framework s
POM, Hybrid, Keyword, Modular, Data Driven, TDD, BDD (Cucumber and SpecFlow)
Automation Testing Tools
Selenium, QTP/UFT, Cypress
Automation Domain
Web UI, API/Web Services, Cross Browser Testing, Mobile Apps Testing
API Testing tools
POSTMAN
Agile Management Tools
JIRA, RTC, AzureDevOps.
Test Management Tools
HP ALM, TEST RAIL
Code Editor
Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ Idea
Continuous Integration
Jenkins
Databases
MS-SQL Server, Oracle

EXPERIENCE:

Worked as a Freelancer from Aug-2019 to till date.
Worked as a Team Lead in NTT DATA Global Delivery Services Limited, Bangalore from Aug-2009 to Jun-2015
Worked as a QA Engineer in Prodigy System and service (P) Ltd, Hyderabad from Sep-2008 to Jul-2009.

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN:

Project #1
Project : ServBetter Testing Type : Automation and Webservice
Client : ServBetter Methodology : Agile methodology. (JIRA)
Tools used : JIRA, POST MAN, Cypress Duration : Oct 21 to Dec 23

Project Description:
Service Partner: Service provider, business or individual seller providing a particular service. Candidate or a Jobseeker for Recruitment and Job portal is always an individual seller. Customer: individual or business buyer requiring a service. Recruiter or a recruiter agency for Recruitment and Job portal is always a business customer/buyer.

Role & Responsibilities:

Understanding Customer Requirement Specifications.
Preparing Test Scenarios.
Designing Test Cases & Test case Review.
Created and ran functional and load tests on web services prior to implementation.
Design Automation framework using Cypress and run script on Cypress test runner.
Writing Automation script in Visual studio code, execution and analyzing test reports in Cypress Test Runner.
Involved in Functionality, Regression, and acceptance testing
Use Gitlab for project repository and used Jenkin as CI tool for execution.
Managing the team and assigning task.
Defect Reporting and Tracking.
Preparation of test plan, DSR and WSR for the team.
Preparing the test estimation details.
Participated in scrum meetings which includes sprint planning, sprint
reviews and Backlog refinements alone with team to achieve application
quality as per the requirement and acceptance criteria.
Perform End-to-End integration tests using API's and web services (POSTMAN).
Participated in scrum meetings which includes sprint planning, sprint
reviews and Backlog refinements alone with team to achieve application
quality as per the requirement and acceptance criteria functional Defects reporting in JIRA.

Project #2 :
Project : DAIMLER Testing Type : Automation and Webservice
Client : BEIJING CHINA Methodology : Agile methodology
Tools used : QC (10.0), Bugzilla, Agile methodology, Front End : Asp.Net, C# .Net
RTC, Selenium with cucumber Back End : SQL SERVER 2008

Project Description:
Daimler China intends to implement a Remarketing Management System within the integrated Company Car Management System to address the growing volume of vehicle to be remarketed and integrated / automated workflow from planning to handover for company cars, buyback cars and take back cars to reduce manual efforts and increase efficiency.

Role & Responsibilities:

Understanding Customer Requirement Specifications.
Worked on enhancing the Automation Framework to reduce the execution
period of Automated scripts using selenium.
As a senior QA engineer, worked along with 10 members agile scrum team
to achieve the sprint goal/product goal
Participated in scrum meetings which includes sprint planning, sprint
reviews and Backlog refinements alone with team to achieve application
quality as per the requirement and acceptance criteria
Perform End-to-End integration tests using API's and web services
Creating test data based on test specifications and documenting the test
results
Creation of test scripts in response to customer requirements, functional
test scenarios, test case design, Defects reporting and execution of test
cases in RTC/HPQC.
Preparing Test Scenarios.
Designing Test Cases & Test case Review.
Involved in Functionality, Regression and acceptance testing.
Managing the team and assigning task.
Defect Reporting and Tracking.
Preparation of test plan, DSR and WSR for the team.
Use Gitlab for project repository and used Gitlab runner as CI tool for execution.
Preparing the test estimation details.
Worked on Automation frameworks for web applications with customized
library functions including Data-driven, Keyword-driven, TestNG, Maven with Selenium-JAVA which reduced manual testing efforts and 75 % of Automation Coverage of Regression suite

Project #3 :
Project : Net Benefit Fidelity Testing Type : Manual and Automation
Client : Fidelity Methodology : Agile methodology.
Tools used : ALM,RTC, AQT, JIRA Duration : Dec 13 to Jun 15

Project Description:
Provide practical education and easy-to-use tools and useful information that you can use to easily consolidate and manage all your retirement savings, Pension, health, and benefit over time.

Role & Responsibilities:

Understanding Customer Requirement Specifications.
Preparing Test Scenarios.
Designing Test Cases & Test case Review.
Analyzed recorded and modified client-server traffic using an HTTP monitor.
Created and ran functional and load tests on web services prior to implementation.
Created MOCKS for web services testing.
Collaborated closely with clients during testing process.
Involved in Functionality, Regression, and acceptance testing
Managing the team and assigning task.
Defect Reporting and Tracking.
Preparation of test plan, DSR and WSR for the team.
Preparing the test estimation details.

Project #4 :
Project : Scholastic Testing Type : Automation and Webservice
Client : Scholastic (USA) Methodology : Agile methodology.
Tools used : Manual, QC (10.0), QTP Front End : Asp.Net, C# .Net
Back End : SQL SERVER 2008 Duration : Oct 11 to Dec13

Project Description:
This is an e-commerce web-based application enabling teachers and parents to place online orders for books/non-books/eBooks for students/kids. The academic year for the students starts from the month of September of the year. The application for parents is known as PCOOL i.e., Parent-Clubs online ordering and for teachers are known as TCOOL i.e. Teacher-COOL.A teacher has to register on the TCOOL application to be able to create an account. Upon registering, the teacher acquires an activation code that is unique to each teacher. This activation code is used by the parent to associate their kids to the corresponding teacher. The teacher has the ability to select the catalogs for the class and set the expiry for each of the catalogs. A parent has to register on the PCOOL application to be able to exploit the benefits of the COOL application online and shop for their kids from any part of the world. Upon registering, the parent is requested to add kids to their account. Each kid has to be associated to a teacher with the activation code received from the school or using the Find a Teacher capability offered in the COOL application.

Role & Responsibilities:

Understanding Customer Requirement Specifications.
Preparing Test Scenarios.
Designing Test Cases & Test case Review.
Designing RTM, DT, FVT
Involved in Functionality, Regression, Integration and System Testing using QTP.
Execution of Test Case & Functional Testing of Application using QTP.
Defect Reporting and Tracking.

Project #5 :
Project : Comet Testing Type : Manual
Client : Landauer (USA) Methodology : Waterfall model.
Tools used : Manual, QC (10.0) Front End : Asp.Net, C# .Net
Back End : SQL SERVER 2005/2008 Duration : Aug 09 to Sep 11

Project Description:
Landauer products are for radiation monitoring and precise dose measurements in any environment with potential exposure to low and high-energy photons, beta particles, electrons, and neutrons, as well as radon gas. Landauer offers a full range of dosimeter services for both routine and special monitoring applications. Landauer is the market leader in measurement of radiation levels. Radiation labs, Hospitals, Military facilities, nuclear facilities anybody who stands a chance of being exposed to radiation, and the organization having a responsibility to keep the level of radiation under check. Landauer manufactures badges and equipment that reads the badges. Point to note is that the badges are not sold but given free of cost. The badges that are received back (after usage) are read in their labs – and the information on dosage is sold.

Role & Responsibilities:

Understanding Customer Requirement Specifications.
Preparing Test Scenarios.
Designing Test Cases & Test case Review.
Designing RTM, DT, FVT
Involved in Functionality, Regression, Integration and System Testing.
Execution of Test Case & Functional Testing of Application.
Defect Reporting and Tracking.

Project #6 :
Project : Vierbicher Associates Testing Type : Manual and Webservice
Client : Vierbicher Associates Inc. (USA) Methodology : Waterfall model.
Tools used : QTP (9.2), QC Back End : SQL SERVER 2005
Framework : Hybrid Framework (FDMA + KEYWORD DRIVEN) Front End : Asp.Net, C# .Net
Duration : Sep 08 to Mar 09
Project Description:
Vierbicher Associates is a team of professional engineers, planners, community development specialists, surveyors, GIS specialists, water resources and environmental scientists. We are committed to providing the highest level of skill and expertise to clients in the Upper Midwest.

Role & Responsibilities:

The test cases were written for the navigational, GUI, functional, usability and data validation testing.
Creating and Enhancing the Automation framework (Hybrid framework )
Used extensive power of descriptive programming for effective reusability of functions and optimizing the object repository in QTP.
Understanding customer requirement specification.
Creating Library functions using QTP
Updating Library functions using QTP to make sure the functions are in sync with the application.
Involved in database testing (SQL SERVER 2008) for store procedure, DDL,DML and DCL statements,
Writing test case for database testing,
Creating library function for store procedure and database connectivity,
Rework on Library functions using QTP in case of any valid review comments by other team members.
Modifications or Rework to existing test cases whenever there is a change or enhancement in functionality of the application
Logged defects in QC, tested and maintained trailing history of the defects found in the software.
Prepare the customization result.

DECLARATION:

I hereby declare that all the particulars made above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place:
Date:
(BISHNUPRIYA MAHARAJ)
Contact this candidate