SHAHNAJ SULTANA
ad29ii@r.postjobfree.com 703-***-**** 513 N, Armistead Street Apt # 103 Alexandria VA 22312
Citizenship Status: US Citizen (Active Public Trust Clearance)

Professional Summary
Dedicated and motivated QA Engineer with 8 years of experience in the IT industry with emphasis on Software Quality Assurance Testing. Active team player with excellent analytical, problem solving, communication, planning, and organizational skills.

●Experienced in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Waterfall and Agile methodologies, and Scrum model.
●Experienced in writing Test Cases, Test Scenarios, developing and maintaining Test Scripts, analyzing Test Results, creating defect report and test status submission, and interacting with development team members in fixing defects.
●Experienced in testing Desktop applications, Web based applications and good experience in Core Java, Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts.
●Proficient in using test automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver/IDE to develop automation testing scripts for web and client server applications.
●Experienced in Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Test Driven Development (TDD), and Hybrid frameworks using Cucumber, TestNG, and Page Object Model (POM).
●Expertise in developing automation scripts in BDD format using Cucumber and proficient in writing cucumber scenarios in GHERKIN format.
●Experience in using Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, Java and TestNG frameworks in creating test scripts, Annotation, Parameterization, Data providers, Test suites and reports.
●Expertise in different types of testing such as manual testing, integration testing, system testing, smoke testing, regression testing, ad-hoc testing, and functional testing.
●Hands on experience in writing core java and expertise knowledge of Object-Oriented Concepts.
●Used different Rest requests including post, put, get, delete to validate the proper response, validate response body, time, header etc., created the Rest API test cases in postman.
●Good experience with browser compatibility testing and cross platform web testing.
●Experienced in the development of Data driven, Keyword driven and Hybrid Automation frameworks in Selenium WebDriver. Proficient in documentation of deliverables in testing process such as Test Plan, Test Scripts, Test Summary, Defects in HP Quality Center/ALM & JIRA, Azure DevOps.
●Experience in supporting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) activities with users and end users Knowledge of Oracle database and writing SQL queries.
●Knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Development Tools like Jenkins.
●Experienced working independently as well as collaboratively and cross-functionally as part of a Scrum team.
●Knowledge of scheduled release, changes and configuration management.
●Excellent technical, analytical, organizational, communication and problem-solving skills and ability to understand and quickly adapt to changing environments.

Technical Skills

●Testing/Test Management Tools and Other Tools: Selenium, Eclipse, JIRA,Azure DevOps, Confluence, Zephyr, GitHub, Bitbucket, Microsoft Office, ALM, Adobe Photoshop
●Languages/Web Technologies: Java, SQL, Gherkin, RDBMS.
●Web Browsers & Servers: Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome

Professional Experience

QA Analyst/Engineer 06/2022-Current
CITIBank Irving, Texas
● Created, executed, and maintained manual test cases and automation test scripts, contributed to and supported the maintenance automation test framework
● Write Test Cases, Test Scenarios, develop and maintain Test Scripts, analyze Test Results, create defect reports and test status.
●supported the maintenance of the automation framework
●Performed on web based and desktop applications as well for Microsoft office 365, excel,ppt and word.
●Attended Change Request Meetings to ensure products and changes are fully documented for further Test changes
●Followed Agile Methodology to emphasize real-time communication over written documentation and to minimize risk by implementing software test effort in short time sprints or iterations
●Managed and Conducted Defect Review and Test Execution Status meetings with cross-project team members
●Created Test Cases, Test Scenarios and ensured traceability to Business Use Cases and according to application
●Used Azure DevOps for Test management, logging defects and writing test cases in the Azure test plan.
●Coordinate with the Test Coordination Center to set up and follow up on daily, weekly, and monthly reports
●Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab, Defects) for various projects
●Worked with behavior-driven development (BDD) approach using selenium- Cucumber/JUnit to write and execute automated test Scripts
●Implemented Object Oriented Programming (OOP)concepts
●Extensively used Java for test case automation.
●Used different Selenium methods to handle alerts, popup, dropdown, check box, radio button, and dynamic calendars in Selenium WebDriver.
●Participated in daily Scrum meetings, daily QA team meetings, grooming sessions, Sprint planning, demo session and retrospective, azure wireframe review and quaterly PI Planning.
●Performed Backend validation in Microsoft SQL server database and write SQL queries
●Developed positive and negative test cases.

QA Analyst/Engineer
10/2019-06/2022
DOL Washington, DC
●Managed various testing activities throughout the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) for multiple projects
●Followed Agile Methodology to emphasize real-time communication over written documentation and to minimize risk by implementing software test effort in short time sprints or iterations
●Created Test Cases, Test Scenarios and ensured traceability to Business Use Cases and according to application
●Used Jira for Test management, logging defects and write test cases in the Zephyr plugin
●Involved in writing and implementation of the test plan, and various test cases for UAT
●Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab, Defects) for various projects
●Created Test Plans and Scenario which describes the features and functions to be tested
●Worked with behavior-driven development (BDD) approach using selenium- Cucumber/JUnit to write and execute automated test Scripts
●Implemented Object Oriented Programming (OOP)concepts
●Extensively used Java for test case automation.
●Prepared Traceability Matrix to show the test coverage requirement vs
Test scripts
●Used different Rest requests including post,put,get, delete to validate the proper response and create rest API’s test case in postman.
Quality Analyst
09/2017 - 08/2019
Maryland Health Benefit Exchange Baltimore, MD
●Performed Ad-hoc, Smoke, Functional, System, Integration, and Regression testing during different stages of the application development
●Involved in the creation of a hybrid automation framework using Page Object Model (POM) approach and Cucumber to implement Behavior Driven Development (BDD)
●Created test cases to be used in testing business applications to verify that business requirements are incorporated into the system design
●Executed browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium WebDriver
●Conducted quality assurance activities such as peer reviews of test cases, test scenarios, and test case execution results.
●Used Jira to log bugs encountered during Regression Test and followed-up with developers until all issues were resolved
●Supported User Acceptance Testing (UAT) activities with users and end-users and assist in creating issues log based on outcome of UAT
●Used different Selenium methods to handle alerts, popup, dropdown, check box, radio button, and dynamic calendars in Selenium WebDriver.
QA Tester
06/2014 - 08/2017
Intuitive Blacksburg, VA
●Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression, System, Integration testing
●Tracked and logged bugs using JIRA and presented bug reports at weekly status update meetings
●Involved in the design and implementation of the automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven) and Apache POI API
●Experienced with cross-browser and compatibility testing to test whether the web application is working as desired in different browsers and environments
●Involved in the enhancement of a Hybrid framework with TestNG followed by Page Object Model (POM) design pattern using Java and Eclipse
●Generated test reports using TestNG test script execution and captured error screenshots
●Prepared Requirement Traceability Matrix to ensure the adequate coverage of the test cases
●Used Slack for team collaboration and communication
●Used Trello for checking user stories and Scrum progress
●Helped creating and executing automated tests based on acceptance criteria and test plans
●Executed complete manual testing using Quality Center/ HP ALM and marked test cases with test status
●Worked with development teams to track, report, and fix defects
●Performed Backend validation in Oracle database and wrote SQL queries

Education

Bachelor’s Degree on Science
01/2005

Certifications
Scrum Master
Contact this candidate