SAMUEL H. ARUNDALE, JR.
linkedin.com/in/hal-arundale
ad2bjs@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 720-***-****

Professional Summary

20+ years’ progressive managerial and technical experience in the IT field, with particular accomplishments in quality assurance, data testing and data analysis.

Recognized ability to work with diverse business partners, customers, vendors, and cross functional team members

Consistent success testing and analyzing data problems with minimal error rates, strong presentation and communication skills, self-starter, eager to learn

COMPUTER SKILLS

SQL Manager
MTM/TFS
Rally
UNIX
XML

Postman
Quality Center
JIRA
Quick Test Pro
Azure

EDUCATION
B.A. Psychology
Mesa State College, 1994

PROFESSIONAL Experience

Sands Digital Services June 2022 – October 2023
Sr. QA Engineer
Worked as a Sr. Quality Assurance Engineer
Worked remotely with multiple Agile teams to support Sands Digital Services projects
Lead testing efforts for several scrum teams
Coordinated testing efforts for onshore and offshore testing efforts
Trained new QA resources and contractors on the applications as well as company procedures
Reviewed Product Specification documents
Created test case structure that could be used across all projects
Manually tested delivered projects and defects
Utilized Bloom to create GRPC calls to assist testing
Managed stories, requirements and test cases using Jira and Zephyr
Attended all Agile Ceremonies

Wheels Up June 2021 – JUNE 2022
Sr. QA Engineer
Worked as a Sr. Quality Assurance Engineer (Contract through Motion Recruitment)
Worked remotely with multiple Agile teams to support Avianis flight management software
Lead testing efforts for Schedule Board scrum team
Trained new QA resources on the applicating as well as company procedures
Tested new enhancements and defects
Worked with other test leads to ensure features are tested end to end to avoid testing gaps
Managed stories, requirements and test cases using Azure Dev Ops
Attended all Agile Ceremonies

Circadence December 2020 – April 2021
QA Engineer
Worked as a Quality Assurance Engineer.

Worked remotely with multiple Agile teams to support Cyber Security training software
Tested new enhancements and defects
Supported new releases by regression testing areas affected
Managed stories, requirements and test cases using Azure Dev Ops
Attended all Agile Ceremonies

Vail Resorts October 2020 – December 2020
QA Engineer
Worked part time as a Quality Assurance Engineer through Boulder QA.

Worked with Promotions team to test new email sends
Tested content and images
Worked with Promotions team to resolve found issues

Charter Solutions January 2020 – February 2020
QA Engineer
Worked as a Quality Assurance Engineer.

Worked with Developers and Stakeholders to add include QA in Agile processes.
Tested internally developed agricultural dealer software application
Managed stories, requirements and test cases using Azure Dev Ops
Attended all Agile Ceremonies

Charter Communications May 2019 – December 2019
Sr. QA Engineer
Worked as a Senior Quality Assurance Engineer (Contract through Apex Systems).

Tested Internal Content Management System
Lead testing for CRM scrum team
Coordinated QA process to include more of an end to end process for new projects
Managed stories and requirements using Jira
Built and maintained test cases using ALM
Attended all Agile Ceremonies

DaVita medical group January 2019 – March 2019
Sr. QA Analyst
Worked as a Senior Quality Assurance Analyst (Contract through Skybridge Resources).

Tested the data Migration for DMG’s National Data Warehouse.
Tested database structure and source to target row counts using SQL Developer.
Validated workflow mappings using Informatica.
Attended daily scrums and sprint planning sessions as well as weekly status meetings.

Chipotle Mexican Grill January 2017 – January 2019
Sr. IT QA Engineer

Managed the testing effort around Internal Restaurant support applications.
Conducted manual testing of the customer facing UI and database testing using SQL Manager.
Automated regression scenarios using webdriver IO.
Executed API testing using Postman
Managed and performed release validation process.
Coordinated and performed integration testing with other teams to ensure smooth release processes.
Worked with developers and Business Analysts to break down requirements into user stories and test cases.
Managed test cases, defects and user stories using Rally.
Worked with Jr Developers and QA to better understand team processes and procedures.
Attended and participated in all scrum ceremonies.

Accenture mortgage cadence September 2014 – January 2017
Sr. QA Specialist

Led the testing efforts for Mortgage Cadence Document Center applications and partner connections.
Created and executed manual test cases in MTM to support new requirements.
Executed API testing using Postman
Managed regression test repositories from release to release.
Implemented an automation strategy using TestPlant automation tool.
Lead offshore resources in day to day operations.
Logged defects and time management using TFS to support agile development effort.
Attended daily scrums and sprint planning sessions as well as weekly status meetings to support the Agile process.

Level 3 communications May 2014 – September 2014
QA Analyst 3
Worked as a Quality Assurance Analyst 3 (Contract through Synergy Systems).

Created manual test cases to support new requirements.
Coordinated testing effort with offshore resources.
Logged defects and time management using Rally to support agile development effort.
Attended daily scrums and sprint planning sessions as well as weekly status meetings.

McKesson Healthcare November 2013 – April 2014
QA Lead
Worked as a Quality Assurance Lead for McKesson Healthcare (Contract through Apex Systems).

Managed testing effort for the Hospital conversion team:
Created manual test cases to support new requirements.
Manually tested databases using SQL Developer.
Led production releases with external customers during Go Live effort.
Logged defects and time management using Rally to support Kanban agile development effort.
Attended daily scrums and sprint planning sessions as well as weekly status meetings.

Med Assets (Aspen Healthcare Metrics) April 2012 – November 2013
Senior Quality Engineer
Worked as a Senior Quality Engineer for Med Assets (Contract through Verity Professionals).

Manually tested hospital data processing systems for in house client use including system updates for ICD-10 conversion including Tibco Navigator system.
Attended design sessions with business clients and development.
Created manual test cases in Rally to support new requirements and change requests.
Performed database validation using SQL Server Manager Studio. Re-wrote regression suite to improve the regression process.
Logged defects and time management using Rally to support agile development effort.
Attended daily scrums and sprint planning sessions as well as weekly status meetings

McKesson Healthcare November 2009 – April 2012
QA Analyst
Worked as a Quality Assurance Analyst for McKesson Healthcare (Contract through Apex Systems). Testing consisted of front end manual and automated testing of in house developed electronic prescription writer applications and back end validations. Testing included ICD-10 upgrades within EPW application.

Tested electronic prescription writer application.
Created manual test cases to support new requirements.
Performed database validation using SQL Developer.
Built new automated test cases using Quality Center and Quick Test Pro to support the regression effort.
Logged defects in Caliber and time management using Rally to support agile development effort.
Attended daily scrums and sprint planning sessions as well as weekly status meetings.

Digitech Systems Inc June 2009 – November 2009
QA Analyst
Worked as a Quality Assurance Analyst for Digitech Systems Inc. Testing consisted of front end testing of in house developed applications.

Tested scanning capture applications as well as configured different Windows operating systems to install on and test against.
Reviewed requirements and wrote test plans/cases in Test Track.
Logged defects in Test Track to be reviewed by development.
Attended daily and weekly defect status meetings.

WESTERN UNION September 2008 – December 2008
UAT Analyst
Worked as a User Acceptance Testing Analyst for Western Union (Contract through Insight Global). Testing comprised of testing front end money transfer and registration paths.

Tested new user registration application as well as order paths for money transfers in several languages.
Reviewed and developed test cases in Quality Center.
Communicated with both the business clients as well as the developers to determine validity of new defects and record in Quality Center.
Attended bi-weekly defect tracking meetings.

THE PARENT COMPANY May 2007 – August 2008
QA Engineer
Worked as a Quality Assurance Engineer for The Parent Company. Testing comprised of testing front end GUI E Comm system as well as backend web based systems and related databases. Partner order testing. Black box testing of new employee business applications.

Tested a new business application designed for new product setup.
Communicated with overseas developers to develop functional test cases for several release stages and stored in TestLink.
Performed unit, system, integration testing as well as release validation for all stages of the project.
Attended daily scrums to provide status and raise issues.
Testing included manual GUI testing, Oracle database validation using SQL in TOAD and partner testing using UNIX, comparison testing using the existing application results against the results from the new application. Defects were recorded using JIRA tracking tool.
Contact this candidate