Jana Chatani
ad2dfe@r.postjobfree.com
904-***-****
Jacksonville, FL

Software QA Engineer
SUMMARY:
3+ years of experience in Quality Assurance and Software testing.
Strong knowledge of QA methodologies, tools, and technologies.
Proficiency in creating test plans, comprehensive test cases, and executing test scenarios based on requirements and specifications.
Experience in identifying, documenting, and tracking defects using JIRA.
Strong understanding of Software Development Life cycle and Agile methodology.
Conduct thorough API testing to ensure the reliability and functionality of web services, using tools such as Postman and Swagger.
Develop and execute SQL queries to perform data validation, integrity checks, and data transformation.
Extensive working experience in the medical field, understanding of healthcare regulations to inform testing processes.
Continuous learner with a commitment to staying updated on the latest industry trends and best practices.
Apply well-established organizational, analytical, and communication skills to contribute to the success of a dynamic team and organization.

TECHNICAL SKILLS AND TOOLS:
Operating Systems: Windows, macOS, Android, iOS, Linux
Methodologies: Agile/Scrum
Technologies: HTML, CSS, JS
Web Services: REST API’s
Database: MySQL, Oracle
Testing Tools: Postman, Swagger, ADB, Charles Proxy, Chrome Dev Tools, Figma
Mobile Testing: Android Studio, ADB, AVD
Test Automation: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, BDD, IntelliJ Idea, Jenkins
Version Control: Git/GitHub
Project Management: Jira (Xray), Confluence, Slack

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Software QA Engineer
Softproquest, Santa Clara, CA 04/2020-Present
Actively participated in Agile Scrum development process, including daily stand-up meetings and sprint planning.
Collaborated with the Product Owner and the Engineering Team to clarify requirements and acceptance criteria.
Assisted in creating comprehensive test plans and test cases for multiple software projects, utilizing a traceability matrix to ensure adequate test coverage.
Executed test cases and conducted different types of functional and non-functional testing to ensure product quality and user satisfaction.
Identified and tracked software defects and participated in bug triage meetings.
Conducted Figma prototype validation for web and mobile applications.
Wrote complex SQL queries, to validate frontend test results.
Performed API testing for RESTful web services to verify data integrity and API.
Used Charles Proxy for API and mobile testing.
Worked closely with the automation team, converting manual test cases into Cucumber/Gherkin format leveraging BDD principles.
Provided Xpath expressions to assist with automation efforts. Analyzed Cucumber reports in Jenkins.
Tested Mobile applications using real devices/emulators/AWS Device Farm, using ADB and Logcat to create detailed bug reports.

Laboratory Manager
Angel Kids Pediatrics, Jacksonville, Florida 04/2015 – 01/2020
Supervised waived laboratories and all diagnostic results for seven pediatric primary care offices, providing oversight of blood work, imaging, and microbiology specimens such as cultures.
Imported test results in patients’ medical records.
Implemented and maintained a bidirectional electronic interface between EMR, main hospitals and laboratories.
Communicated with providers and patients regarding treatment and plan of care.
Triaged phone calls from patients, assessing the urgency of needs and implementing appropriate responses.
Maintained current knowledge of ICD 10 codes and promptly and accurately maintained all billing practices to secure appropriate reimbursement.
Reviewed and updated electronic medical records. Experienced in the use of Office Practicum, Cerner, and EPIC.

General Anesthesiologist and ICU Attending Physician
Sternberk Hospital, Czech Republic
03/1993 – 02/2002
Served as an anesthesiologist in acute care hospital, providing medical care for OB/GYN, general medical, vascular, and plastic surgery, orthopedics, trauma, ENT, and urology for adult and pediatric patients, experienced in general and local anesthesia including spinal and epidural anesthesia and peripheral blocks.
Managed care of patients in ICU including treatment for trauma patients, post-surgical care, pain management, and oversight of life support protocols for patients in critical condition.
Participated as an attending physician, providing supervision for medical residents during their anesthesiology and critical care rotations.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION:

Advanced Software Quality Assurance Testing Course, Los Altos, CA, USA
Doctor of Medicine, Palacky University Olomouc, Czech Republic
Board Certification Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine
Contact this candidate