Objective:
An accomplished and qualified software professional looking for the position of QA analyst in an organization where I will get an opportunity uses all my skills and knowledge to benefit the organization.

Professional Summary:
Close to 10 years of industry experience as a QA Engineer with solid understanding of Manual Testing and Automation testing.
Performed Web Application and Web Services testing in the Automotive, and Financial domains.
Strong understanding of QA principles, QA processes use cases and software development life cycle (SDLC) such as Waterfall Model, AGILE (SCRUM).
Expertise in preparing Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Scripts for manual testing based on the User Requirements, System Requirement documents
Excellent skills in Manual and Automated testing on Client/Server and Web-based applications.
Experienced in creating Test plans and Writing Test cases, scenarios and executing Manual Test Casesalong with Project Management tools JIRA, Smart Bear and TFS.
Experience in testing applications on Mobil, iPad and Google glass.
Extensive experience in SQL queries for verification and validation for backend testing using SQL Server Management Studio.
Extensive knowledge of languages like C++, VB, LINUX, Java script for Assembly Operations along with 1 year experience in project development using visual studio and SQL database.
Proficient in using Bug Tracking tools and Bug reporting tools like HP Quality Center, TFS, JIRA and Application lifecycle management (ALM) for identifying, analyzing, and documenting.
Worked very closely with Customers, End users to resolve any product and business process related issues by testing at Assembly Plants at GM
Experience in Database Testing using SQL queries, Jason statements on SQL and Mongo.
Maintain close interaction with developers and business analyst to solve technical issues.
Experience testing assembly line complex software on ROCKWELL, SIEMENS and MITSHUBUSHI ladder logic.
Experience testing software on real time conveyor at GM plant site.
Experience in proving live customer support.
In vehicle testing
Experience testing Mobile app on Android, IOS devices.

Technical Skills:

Operating System
Linux, Unix, Windows 7, Windows XP, Mac OS x, GOOGLE GLASS.

Programming languages
Java Script, LINUX, C++, Java

Testing & Bug tracking Tools
HP Quality Center, ALM, JIRA, RSLOGIX5000, SIEMENS7, MITSHUBUSHI, HMI, CONVEYOR, WIRESHARK.

Mongo, Oracle, MySQL, MS Access, SQL Server 2008, Oracle SQL Developer
Other Tools
Putty, MS Office Suite, MS Visio and Recordit, Azure, CAN
Browser
IE, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari

Professional Experience:

Volkswagen Group Of America, January 2022– Present
Senior Test Engineer

Working on Testing App’s on different mobile devices (Android, IOS) and testing portal website. Stay connected to your VW at home or on the go with myVW Web or Mobile App. myVW simplifies the ownership experience, connecting you to your vehicle no matter where you are.

Responsible for downloading new build from firebase and testing app on mobile devices.
Testing US and Canada apps on mobile devices
Write Test Cases, customer requirements, manually testing the products and logging bugs in JIRA, Zephyr.
Perform backend testing by running SQL and SQL Database.
Create checklist for all the new features testing in Integration, UAT for US and Canada.
Agile one week sprint.
Assigned for Live customer support.
Production support.
Using Postman tool to send various statuses to Vehicle
Provide live customer support
Testing Electric and Gas vehicles

Swisslog Logistics, January 2021– December 2021
Integration Test Engineer

Swisslog delivers data-driven & robotic solutions for your logistics automation alongside reliable, modular service concepts. Collaborating with forward-thinking companies,
This company is committed to setting new standards in warehouse automation to provide future-proof products and solutions.
As part of the KUKA Group, Swisslog customers trust the competence of our passionate employees more than 14,000 people working across the globe.

Carry-Pick System Director-

Responsible for executing the test plan so that every feature is tested and potential issues identified before product delivery.
Responsible for doing Site testing(SAT), Which involves doing complete system setup and collaboration with other teams.
Testing host and client message exchange using post man.
Responsible for troubleshooting KUKA robots for testing Rack induction, rack removal, Put away inventory and pick tasks.

Auto Store System Director-

Responsibilities:

Responsible for executing Auto director system in Medline warehouse in Auburndale
Experience in writing and executing simple SQL queries to setup hardware testing environment (Conveyor systems or other automation equipment)
Experience testing hardware and software
Warehouse automation, Material Handling, Distribution Center industry experience
Experience writing Selenium scripts

RouteOne, Farmington Hills, MI September 2017– 2020
Senior Software Test Engineer

RouteOne “Provide systems and services of choice for dealers and finance sources in the vehicle financing industry.”

Credit Application: Work a deal where your customers are – start on the lot or the showroom floor and finish at your desk, or wherever the deal takes you! Because it is web-based, not only does the RouteOne credit application system work on just about any computer with a browser, it also works on most mobile and tablet devices too.
EContracting: RouteOne’s Aftermarket Rating and Contracting is a complimentary service you can use to conveniently add protection products - with or without a menu - to your eContracts. Save time, avoid duplicate data entry, and create an efficient, electronic contract submission workflow..
Wet signature Contracting: This is Canada based Project.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for making test plans and executing the test plan so that every feature is tested and potential issues identified before product delivery.
Write Test Cases, customer requirements, manually testing the products and logging bugs in JIRA, Zephyr.
Perform backend testing by running SQL and SQL Database.
Create checklist for all the products for Acceptance testing for Alpha build on assigned feature as Epic testing.
Create a scenario for Province Tax changes.
Agile one week sprint.
Assigned for Live customer support.
Production support.
Responsible of doing deal calculation for different Finance source.
Worked on Various Simulation tool to create desired Data.
Getting training to write selenium test cases.
Using Postman tool to decision deals.
Provide live customer support
Writing selenium test script

eFlex Systems, Rochester Hills, MI September 2012– 2017
Senior Software Test Engineer

eFlex Systems is a leading Software company with wide range of products to track and optimize Assembly Line Process. Their Products are eFlex Assembly, Track and Trace, JEM, Vision and Kitting. Performed Manual testing on the products installed at GM powertrain plat in Pontiac, MI and GM Navistar plant OH.
Eflex Assembly: Optimize your production line management efforts with eFlex Assembly, our flexible assembly line planning and management software and hardware solution, to quickly react to market and product changes, improve quality and reduce waste.
Eflex Track and Trace: eFlex Track & Trace is a manufacturing traceability and quality control software solution which enables users to store, retrieve, and report part status in a manufacturing environment.
Eflex Vision: eFlex Vision is an image storage software solution that provides an integrated environment for managing and retrieving all manufacturing process images.
Eflex JEM, JEL, OEE, Kitting

Responsibilities:
Responsible for making test plans and executing the test plan so that every feature is tested and potential issues identified before product delivery.
Write Test Cases, customer requirements, manually testing the products and logging bugs in JIRA and SmartBear.
Perform backend testing by running SQL and Mongo Query against Mongo Database.
Create checklist for all the products for Acceptance testing for Alpha build.
Test products in real assembly environments by testing eFlex assembly at GM powertrain, Pontiac.
Test all products on Rockwell, Siemens and Mitsubishi PLC (program Logic Controller)
Involved in agile environment Sprint Meeting.
Tested Product Hand Scanner and High Resolution Cameras and Conveyors.
Used Google Glass as technology demonstrator for use in manual testing
Environment: JIRA, SQL Server Management, Putty, and LINUX

Tweddle Group, Charter Township of Clinton, MI January 2012 – October 2012
QA Engineer (Mobile Testing)

Tweddle is a leading international automotive communications & publishing solutions firm. It has revolutionized the owner's information kit process. Tweddle Group was the first company to replace and enhance printed owner materials with a customer-friendly User Guide, DVD and mobile phone applications. Company's clients include: Chrysler, Ford, Toyota, Mitsubishi, Mini to name a few. This Project involved testing of mobile applications for iPhone, Android and Blackberry.

Responsibilities:
Created the test plan and wrote Test Cases to test functionality and interfaces of the mobile application for iPhone, Android phones and Blackberry.
Involved in uploading the mobile application builds through Jenkins and testing them on iPhone, iPad, Android phones and Blackberry.
Used the TFS for logging and resolving the defects.
Used the Android virtual Device (AVD) Manager to create the emulators for testing the mobile applications.
Used the iPhone emulators for application testing.
Attended the daily Scrum meetings in the Agile environment to discuss all the outstanding Issues till their resolution. Conducted defect triage meetings with the required parties after defect analysis to prioritize defect resolutions.
Worked on test scripts to handle changes in the objects while testing GUI Application in the testing environment.
Responsible for writing SQL queries for accessing data from the MySQL database
Involved in End to End testing of business rules on the Web based application
Extensively interacted with the Developers, Database designers and Business Team to resolve the defects.
Created of Test Plans including UAT, SIT, E2E, and Regression.
Developed Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to track business requirements during the QA Testing Phase.

Environment: TFS, SQL Server Management.

Education:
Master Degree (MA) - Banaras Hindu University - Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India
Microsoft certification in C# visual studio.

Link
https://www.linkedin.com/in/malika-singh-8b4a9061

References:
Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate