Awais J Ahmed
Woodbridge, VA ***** ad2eyi@r.postjobfree.com

QA Automation Engineer

•9+ years of experience in IT industry as a QA Automation Engineer/ QA Tester with expertise in Automated Software Quality Testing & Manual Testing of Web based and Client-Server applications.
•Experience includes development of automated regression test scripts using Protractor, cypress and jasmine, mocha framework with Java, JavaScript, Scala and JSON
•Experience with software automation testing tools like JAVA, Java Script, Selenium Web driver/RC/IDE/ Grid, QTP, OOPS, JUnit, NUnit, ANT, TestNG, Cucumber, Gherkins, Maven, GitHub, and Jenkins
•Experience in Web UI Testing using Selenium Web Driver, Protractor, Cypress, and UI Testing with Cucumber BDD Framework.
•Experienced in defect management, defect analysis, and defect reporting using HP ALM/Quality Center
•Proficient in writing Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios and Test Summary Reports for both Manual and Automated Testing.
•Experience in Restful Web-Service and Micro services testing through Postman and Ready API.
•Experience in performing different types of testing like Smoke, Functional, Integration, Regression, API Testing, GUI testing, back-end testing System, Security Testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
•Experience in manual testing and automated testing using different tools like QTP/UFT, Selenium (Web Driver) using Java.
•Experience in mobile testing using APPIUM in both IOS and Android applications using simulator and emulator.
•Experience in programming languages and script like Java, JavaScript, and HTML, Oracle, CSS, Shell Script and MS SQL server.
•Created CI/CD pipeline utilizing Jenkins, Maven and Kubernetes.
•Experience in Testing API using Rest Assured and Karate Framework.
•Experience in writing shell scripts for running cron jobs on Linux and UNIX based systems.
•Experience in testing code developed in TDD / BDD environments.
•Extensive knowledge in Python, SQL and Java.
•Expertise in bug tracking process, familiar with bug reporting and tracking using bug tracking tool like Bugzilla, Quality Center.
•Experienced in Core Java and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Concept and used Java for many Test Case Automation.
•Expertise in Bug tracking and reporting using Jira, ALM Quality Center and Rational Clear Quest.
•Experience in java script based technologies like NodeJS, angular.js, web driverjs, protractor, mongodb, Grunt.
•Experience in working with cloud technologies like AWS and Microsoft Azure.
•Experience in working with GIT as a Version Control and GitHub for the remote repository.
•Experienced in white box testing in End to End testing with Chai and Mocha.
•Experience in RESTful API testing framework in NodeJS using Open source Mocha and Chai frameworks.
•Extensive experience working and testing in different ETL technologies like Informatica, Datastage.
•Experience in ETL Data Warehousing, database testing using Data Stage for Workflow process.
•Extensively worked on data warehousing and decision support systems with relational databases such as Oracle design and database development using SQL, PL/SQL, SQL PLUS and TOAD
•Excellent Communication skills and good experience in working in stressful team environment and with a good planning, analytical and problem solving skills.
Education: Bachelors, in Information and Technology from Lahore School of Economics Punjab in 2011.
Certification: 1-Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) 2021
2- Certified security+

Responsibilities:
Attended daily Scrum/Agile standup meetings with the team to discuss status.
Lead and tracked the Automation defects and deliverables.
Creating a framework using cypress for UI Automation.
Used cypress dashboard services to gain insights of test runs.
Performed API Testing using Cypress Automation and Postman.
Write coding in Java, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Responsible for back-end API testing with SOAP UI and coding in groovy and Java.
Involve implementing automation testing using Cypress, Protractor, and Selenium Web Driver.
Worked on API based applications on LEGACY (mainframe) and CLOUD platforms.
Develop UI and performed validation using Server Controls in ASP.Net with C#.
Created web service projects, test suites, and test cases using Ready API.
Developing shell scripting and python codes depending on the test requirement to support on backend framework.
Develop and executed test scripts using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, analyzed test results and created defects.
Mobile Automation Testing for Mobile App of Client, identify the Mobile Platform like IOS, Android by using Appium.
Automated Restful services using Rest Assured API using java by following the TDD/BDD framework model
Tested custom win controls developed in C#.Net for compatibility and system integrity.
Automated the API services using Karate DSL framework for Unit Testing, Integration Testing and Regression Testing.
Use Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Worked with Perfecto Mobile for testing applications on different Versions of Android & iOS Mobile devices.
Use Cucumber – Gherkins scripts to write BDD (Behavioral Driven Development), Mocha and significant Functional.
Build CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins, Selenium Framework and Ansible.
Using testing tools like Quality Center, Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), Visual Studio, and Team Foundation Server (TFS).
Creation of EC2 roles, policy document in AWS using AWS Identity and Access Management
Use Rest Assured and Postman for Rest API Testing.
Used GitLab to manage the UI Automation Code
Write and executed automated tests in Typescript/Playwright for a browser-based application
Use Jira for defect management and Git/GitHub for code management.
Tested many features in an agile environment using Django, HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript.
Assist to involve in UI design and development using ASP.NET, HTML5, JQuery, and AJAX.
Perform automation tests using JavaScript, Jasmine and Protractor to perform UI testing.
Work with Dynamo DB, S3, SQS and other AWS services.
Involved in testing data validation and automation for MongoDB and Db2.
Perform Rest web services API test using Ready API for automation and Postman as a manual tool.
Understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOPS) and skilled in developing automated test scripts in Selenium.
Prepared test matrices based through defect status in Quality Center/ALM. Performed NUnit testing to run all the test cases.
Insert Assertions like XPATH to validate the data against the database data in the response XML.Perform Data Driven Testing.
working on multiple OS platforms, including Linux, Mac, Windows, Android, and iOS
Working with various test management tools like Quality Centre, Zephyr and defect and bug management tools like Jira.
Validation of data transformations and perform End-to-End (E2E) data validation for ETL system
Created Test Plans, SQL scripts for verifying the ETL process as part of the Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW).
Wrote SQL queries for data verification and Oracle SQL statements for Back-end Testing.

Responsibilities: Involve in Agile testing, reviewed the stories and participated in Daily Scrum and Release Planning meeting.
Worked on Automating Web Application Testing using Selenium Web Driver with TestNG Framework.
Worked on Object Repository, Developed VB Script function libraries for QTP, UFT automation.
Developed and implemented Page Object Model based on automation testing framework by using Java, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, Cucumber (Gherkin), Maven.
Used Visual Studio code to write the JavaScript/Typescript/python to run them using Protractor integrated terminal
Involved in functional testing of SOAP & RESTful Web Services using SOAPUI Tool Used Java to run Cucumber feature and scenarios and generating report daily basis.
Proficient in test automation frame works using tools Karate, Selenium, Soap UI.
Automate REST API and testing using a JAVA automation framework Junit testing.
Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, JavaScript, BDD, Jbehave, Serenity, SVN and Maven.
Used Azure DevOps to log bugs and track tasks.
Validated the API response with the GCP cloud data in data store.
Configure and manage web apps deployments in Azure cloud.
Used the Automation tool with the Perfecto Mobile for real device hand set testing.
Implemented Page Object Model Automation framework with C#.NET, Selenium WebDriver.
Performed API testing, using Postman, RESTful library for web-services.
Automation Code version management using GitLab.
Assist to involve in API Testing using REST Assured library and POSTMAN.
Used SOAP/REST services using SOAP UI, Groovy Script to test the services.
Worked in writing test cases in Azure, CICD in AzureDevOps and etc.
Conducted Integration, Functional, Regression, UAT, Manual, and End-to End testing.
Development of company s internal CI system, providing a comprehensive API for CI/CD.
Used Git as a version control tool to push the code to the GitHub interface.
Developed Automation scripts for Mobile Native applications (iOS, Android) and Web apps, and API Testing’s.
Worked on a billing system, a cash management module and enhanced the encrypting standards that are required for the application.
Performed manual testing for testing the UI web application in IE Browser, Chrome, and Firefox.
Participate in meetings as part of the agile process.
Perform RESTFUL web service testing using Rest Assured framework with java and validate JSON formatted data.
Designed Test plan for release projects and wrote test cases in Ready API.
Query MongoDB to verify the data in the database.
Created Test Cases and submitted bug reports using JIRA/ZEPHYR tools.
Use GSON for serialization and deserialization.
Worked on Operating Systems like UNIX\WINDOWS and Strong Database (Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL, and MS Access) testing skills using SQL.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with the testing team, developers, and other stakeholders to understand project requirements.
Involved in various stages of development of the project starting from the project planning until production and maintenance using agile methodology.
Develop a test automation strategy and plan that aligns with the overall testing objectives
Validate EDI Claim Process according to HIPPA compliance.
Automating the Manual test cases using Selenium WebDriver, using JAVA.
Configuring TestNG Framework to execute Selenium scripts.
Work in Automation tools like selenium, protractor, QTP (Quick Test Professional), load and performance testing tool JMeter and Mobile Automation testing tool Appium.
Develop and execute automated performance and load tests using tools like JMeter or Gatling.
Perform Functional, Regression, Integration, and Data driven testing using Unified Functional Testing (UFT).
Working with J2EE-based applications and created an automation suite for regression testing using UFT.
Execute automated regression tests as part of the build and release process.
Execute test cases manually to identify defects and ensure software functionality.
Integrate automated tests into the CI/CD pipeline to enable continuous testing.
Performed Defect Root Cause Analysis, interacted with related Team, and tracked defects in Bugzilla.
Worked on HIPPA Transactions and Code Sets Standards according to the test scenarios such as 837 healthcare Transactions.
Involved in HIPAA/EDI medical claim analysis, design, implementation and documentation.
Designed and developed REST API test automation using confidential karate framework.
Created a framework from scratch using API testing tool called Karate for REST API Testing
Validating the Restful API Using Java, Apache Http Client and XML, JSON Parsers.
Designing & implementation of Automation Frameworks including TDD, BDD, data driven, keyword driven, and hybrid using Selenium Web Driver and JavaScript.
Properly set up windows and Linux computers for client testing and web serving
Used Maven to create a taste suite and create technical and managerial reports.
Analyzing the User Stories, New Features/Enhancements in JIRA.
Integration of automation batch run jobs with Jenkins.
Performed Regression testing activities in Test environment and Production support environment.
Logged issues into HP Quality Center.
Involved in backend testing of the application by executing SQL commands.
Used Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) for all the source code maintenance among the whole team members.

Responsibilities:
Actively participated in Daily Scrum Meetings, Sprint Grooming, Sprint Planning sessions as well as Sprint Demo meetings and Retrospective.
Performed User Acceptance testing (UAT) exclusively in an agile environment.
Participated in development and implementation of test automation framework build using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven technologies under Java OOPs concepts.
Creating the automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver with C# and java language
Analyzed and documented business requirements and specifications, developed test plans, test cases.
Participated to develop automation framework using Maven building tool and TestNG framework as well Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms
Proficient in testing tools such as QC/ALM, JIRA, test Rail, and defect tracking software such as Bugzilla, Element-tool, Mantis.
Designed the test scripts and analyzed the results in various levels of the application including integration, regression, functional and acceptance testing using Selenium.
Involved in creating page objects based on Page Object Model (POM) structure, developing reusable functions in Java
Used Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on a nightly or needed-basis automatically.
Assessed and analyzed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures and Test reports.
Involve in (Black box, Functional, Integration, ad-hoc, Backend, User acceptance, Smoke, Security, Regression) testing.
Worked with cross functional team and in cross-platform skills in UNIX, Linux, and Windows.
Generated Test Reports using TestNG test script execution and created the error screenshots.
Participated in ceremonies, like Daily Stand-Up meeting, Sprint Planning,
Automated Regression test cases for different Applications using UFT/QTP Automation tool Developed Manual test cases following user cases for specific functional requirements and verified if product is matching the client requirements.
Involved in executing SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures, functions and packages for backend testing.

Professional Summary
Professional Experience
JP Morgan Chase, New York, NY Dec 2020 to till
QA Automation Engineer
Jefferies Investment Bank, Dallas, TX Sep 2018- Nov 2020
QA Engineer/ Test Automation Engineer
NC Department of Health and Human Services – Raleigh, NC May 2016- Aug 2018
Manual and Automation Tester
CVS Health, Richmond, Virginia Mar 2014- Apr 2016
QA Tester
Contact this candidate