Steve Vainshtein 310-***-****
**** ****** *** #*** ad2gm2@r.postjobfree.com
Los Angeles, CA 90048

Professional Summary

QA Analyst/Engineer with over 20 years of progressive experience within Software Testing and Information Technologies including:
●Comprehensive knowledge of Quality Assurance manual and automated test procedures, and protocols for Client/Server, Web Based and Mobile Applications within Waterfall and Agile SDLC.
●Experience in defining testing milestones, team roles and tasks, along with creating project test plans and test cases.
●Experience in test planning, test design, test & automation strategy, and test execution.
●Accustomed to working in complex, project-based environments.
●Experience working in a distributed product-team environment.
●Articulate with interpersonal, intuitive, technical, analytical, and problem-solving skills.

Technical Summary

Macintosh, Windows 95/98/NT/2000/ME/XP/Vista/Win7Win8/Win 8.1/Win10, MS-MCE, DRM, ActiveX, MS Visual Basic, ColdFusion, SoapUI, RESTClient, Postman, Swagger, JSON, Android SDK, Droid Explorer, Endtest, Web Performance Load Tester, Rational Visual Test, QA Run, QA Director, Xcode, Endtest, Selenium IDE, Poster, Firebug, Fiddler, Hudson, Jenkins, Putty, Slack, Browserstack, Applitools, Spinnaker, Pycharm, SourceTree, Visual Studio Code, Gherkin, GitHub, Git, Fastly, Darkly, Intranet, Infranet, ASP, REST API, ASPX, ASP.NET, MS.NET, VB.NET, Visual Studio.NET, VSS.NET, SVN, XML, Telnet, Web Enable, Clear Quest 1.1, TeamTrack, Bugzilla, Adminitrack, Jira, Asana, Confluence, Testlink, Testrail, MySQL Workbench, SQL, MS SQL Server, Oracle, Toad, Sybase, MS Access, MS Query, SAP GUI, Camtasia, FullStory, Split.io, Zeplin, Figma, AWS S3 bucket, Datadog (RUM), CI/CD.

Experience

Visual Supply Company, San Francisco, CA October 2022 – June 2023
Staff QA Engineer

●Responsible for managing and mentoring off-site testing teams.
●Worked remotely with a U.S. based team, communicating effectively via Slack, Zoom, Email, Confluence and Jira.
●Utilized Jira and Confluence on a daily basis to create, track, organize issues and share information.
●Provided support for on-site problem resolution, including monitoring contractor's quality performance, and engaging in proactive improvement initiatives.
●Conducted team status and planning meetings to facilitate open communication.
●Developed test plans that detailed testing scope, strategy, high-level test requirements, and required resources.
●Managed the defect tracking and identified functions in the application to be tested based on importance and prioritized based on deadlines.
●Created analytics from Datadog (RUM) logs for Desktop/Mobile performance, usage and error management.
●Worked on improving the defect tracking process.
●Reviewed feature designs and provided feedback to the development team to improve product quality and testability.
●Established software quality standards for life cycle, documentation, development methods, testing and maintenance.
●Examined technical documentation and reviewed automated test cases.

Sidecar Health, El Segundo, CA March 2021 – June 2022
Sr. QA Engineer

●Established a test strategy for Sidecar technology platform comprising of various APIs, Mobile and Desktop applications.
●Worked on the Claims/Expenses team and worked independently on a team responsible for the Admin platform with strict HIPAA compliance.
●Worked with the product team in reviewing user story requirements and provided timely feedback, identifying underlying test cases, and collaborated with the team members in design, and implementation of both manual and automation test plans.
●Performed black-box and grey-box testing.
●Executed functional, integration, system, regression and edge case tests.
●Wrote and executed API test cases in Postman for unit, functional, integration, end-to-end and regression tests in JSON.
●Worked off sub-asks from stories in Jira to track/complete API test cases and test execution.
●Responsible for building test suites for REST API’s new features and regression cases.
●Created SQL queries for data validation from UI and API test cases and performed data analysis and debugging.
●Maintained and executed API requests through Swagger.
●Validated policies uploaded to the AWS S3 bucket.
●Designed and implemented application testing procedures for multiple environments.
●Worked on automated test processes and validated story acceptance criteria.
●Examined technical documentation and reviewed automated test cases.
●Paired with developers for code-review sessions.
●Wrote and managed test cases in TestRail test case management tool.
●Assisted with prioritization of testing tasks based on goals and risks of projects and ensure testing milestones, activities and tasks are completed as scheduled.
●Managed release behind feature flags using Darkly.

GoodRx, Santa Monica, CA November 2018 – May 2020
QA Analyst/Engineer

●Worked closely with project and development managers to define the testing approach, test coverage and execution within sprints.
●Effectively performed within very fast SDLC and releases.
●Provided QA support within multiple teams for Desktop, Mobile Web and Mobile applications.
●Maintained and deployed Desktop, Mobile Web and Mobile test builds to staging and production environments through Jenkins.
●Ran automation tests through Jenkins for Desktop and Mobile Apps.
●Monitored and investigated automation test results in Jenkins, Browserstack, Applitools and Spinnaker.
●Responsible for code release within multiple teams.
●Wrote test plans, developed, maintained and executed manual/automation test cases.
●Wrote feature file test cases in Gherkin and worked with SDET’s to update automation scripts.
●Executed functional, integration, system, regression and edge case tests.
●Created PR’s in GitHub to check in feature file test cases to be automated.
●Wrote procedures and tools tutorials for staging and production deployments.
●Handled multiple releases within the week, or within a day.
●Trained and provided onboarding for new QA personnel.
●Oversaw an offshore QA team for additional testing support.
●Performed root cause analysis of production issues.

Red Bull, Santa Monica, CA October 2012 – September 2018
Sr. QA Analyst

●Worked closely with project managers to define the testing approach, test coverage and execution.
●Created traceability matrix to rack test completion against test cases.
●Worked with project managers to define the optimum test automation framework.
●Helped to implement a cloud-based automation testing tool for Desktop, Mobile Web, Mobile Apps and API – Endtest, which utilizes Selenium engine for Web and Appium engine for Mobile testing.
●Used Xcode's IOS simulator to test mobile websites across multiple devices.
●Worked with configuration managers to extend continuous integration by including automated test coverage.
●Maintained and deployed test builds to the staging and production environments through Jenkins.
●Worked with DevOps on building a CI/CD pipeline for multi-level automation tests and continuous integration running them in different environments.
●Implemented a CI/CD pipeline using Endtest, Slack and Jira.
●Developed, maintained and executed manual and automated test cases for Web and Mobile based enterprise business solution Apps for the U.S., Canada and South America markets.
●Managed smoke and core functionality automated test suite/cases for numerous projects.
●Utilized JIRA’s Zephyr plugin for test management and test executions.
●Held DBA responsibilities for creating new Distributing Partners for the U.S. market using the SAP UI corresponding to a CRM database.
●Tested the data loaded from various source systems to SQL server.
●Provided testing support for global Mobile Apps from Red Bull HQ in Austria.
●Managed and maintained customer service tickets for all business solution Apps for the U.S. market.
●Managed error logs for global Mobile Apps from Red Bull HQ in Austria.
●Performed root cause analysis of production issues.

Prosum, Los Angeles, CA September 2011 – August 2012
Lead QA Engineer - Contract for Blockbuster/EchoStar

●Developed and executed Mobile test cases using the Blockbuster video streaming functionality and design documentation, as well as standards and guidelines set by cellular phone carriers for functional testing.
●Executed manual functionality and backed tests for multiple Android phones and tablets.
●Utilized Android SDK tools and Droid Explorer for front-end Mobile testing and log retrieval.
●Provided system and functionality testing support between multiple devices while corresponding to the Blockbuster webstore which included Mobile, Facebook and CE devices.
●Promoted to Lead QA in support of the testing effort for the Blockbuster App on Facebook with 2 QA Engineers.
●Defined the testing approach and testing tools for Blockbuster App on Facebook.
●Developed Test Cases for testing the Blockbuster App on Facebook including all supporting internet browsers and operating systems. Testing included Functionality, Data Validation, Integration and Regression tests.
●Supported all phases of testing and test case execution for the Blockbuster App on Facebook.
●Worked with offshore and in-house developers to isolate and resolve Mobile defects.
●Worked closely with project and product managers to understand business requirements needed to drive the analysis and design of quality testing.

Q Talent Acquisition, Los Angeles, CA June 1, 2011 – August 9, 2011
Sr. QA Analyst – Contract for FOX

●Developed Test Plans, Test Cases, and Test Scenarios for a client-server scheduling platform supporting multiple FOX Networks and affiliates.
●Provided manual testing support for client-side application.
●Executed functional, integration, system and regression test cases.
●Defined test cases and test procedures from prototypes, technical specifications, requirements documents and use cases.
●Participated in outlining the testing activities scope during the entire iteration of a development lifecycle.
●Managed an in-house bug tracking system.
●Wrote and executed API test cases in SoapUI for unit, functional and integration tests.

eHarmony, Santa Monica, CA July 2010 – April 2011
QA Engineer - Contract

●Developed Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, and Test Data for Web-based and Mobile platforms for eHarmony services.
●Provided sole QA support for Facebook’s Matching Application to allow eHarmony user intake from external sources.
●Provided manual and automated testing support for Web and for Mobile API’s utilizing Selenium IDE.
●Executed black-box and white-box testing for Web, Web-Service and Mobile API’s utilizing SoapUI and RESTClient.
●Tracked, tested and monitored test data in application server logs.
●Maintained and deployed test builds to the QA testing and staging environments through Hudson.
●Actively participated in daily Scrums, Project planning and Retrospect meetings.
●Managed and tested small projects within ongoing sprints.
●Participated in defect management processes including identifying, documenting and following through on bugs through the defect life cycle.
●Participated in code and specifications walkthroughs as well as reviews.

Napster, LLC. West Hollywood, CA March 2007 – March 2010
QA Engineer

●Supported QA Managers by taking ownership of product quality within Waterfall and Agile SDLC process.
●Developed Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, and Test Data for stand-alone and web-based digital music platforms.
●Pursued thorough functionality and regression test cases execution cycle to minimize any introduced errors from subsequent releases to further improve user's experience.
●Conducted Integration, System, Functional, GUI, Regression, Smoke, Database Validation and Mobile Devices testing.
●Successfully achieved milestones within multiple team structures and as a sole QA engineer on numerous projects.
●Worked closely with project managers, business analysts, other development groups, DBA’s and team members to understand business requirements needed to drive the analysis and design of quality testing.
●Supported new build deployments to multiple QA environments.

●Participated in daily Scrum meetings to discuss and update the status of ongoing tasks with, development, DBA, design and business team members.

CinemaNow, Inc. Marina Del Rey, CA March 2005 – December 2006
QA Manager

●Responsible for implementing all QA standards, process and testing tools from ground up for a top Web-Based Video On Demand company.
●Managing and testing all promotional project assignments from Marketing on a weekly basis.
●Provided testing strategies and testing support for VOD service, including content distribution, digital rights management, targeted advertising, as well as pay-per-view and subscription services.
●Wrote and executed load tests utilizing Web Performance Load Tester.
●Increased stability and reliability of existing production systems through regular bug reviews and escalating major issues for a faster solution turnaround.
●Met with Project Managers on a regular basis to maintain up to date status of projects, managing simultaneous projects – this involved delineating project deliverables & timelines, along with allocating and managing project resources.
●Managed an outsourced and onsite QA team of two and managed one permanent QA Engineer.
●Worked independently on multiple projects for handheld media players, set-up media boxes, media extenders and HD TV compatibilities in streaming and downloaded content.
●Direct communication with development teams.
●Responsible for setting up and maintaining a testing lab environment.
●Provided all SQL validation from manual and automation testing.
●Systematically supported all aspects of project(s) testing as needed.

Rhino Recruiting - Consultant for Hot Topic Inc., City of Industry, CA June 2003 – March 2005
Sr. QA Analyst - Contract

●Responsible for all phases of testing Hot Topic’s Intranet based retail applications developed in ASP.NET and VB.NET, and Internet Warehouse Management Systems integration support.
●Implementing testing strategies and QA methodology.
●Worked independently on multiple projects.
●Direct communication with development and project management teams.
●Test planning and preparation for new Intranet applications.
●Responsible for managing the build process to test, staging and production server environments.
●Responsible for generating SQL scripts for database analysis and validation.
●Performing GUI, compatibility, performance, acceptance, load/volume, regression, and functionality testing of the product.
●Generating test plans and test cases.
●Training support for Hot Topic’s Distribution Center Returns Dept. staff on new Intranet applications.
●Writing technical and non-technical documentation.
●Responsible for tracking bug/defects using an in-house bug tracking database.

Compuware Corporation, Woodland Hills, CA December 2001 – June 2003
Consultant, QA Engineer

●Customer consultation in QA methodology and defect tracking practices, input to project test plans, test design, review test procedures and test execution.
●Provided onsite QA support for all phases of testing during short and long-term contracts.
●Provided automation test support, solutions and automation scripts using Compuware QA Center testing tools.
●Defined implementation of methods, practices and standards for the development of state-of-the-art software applications.
●Implementing quality assurance methodology for potential Compuware clients.

Popcast Communications Corp., Los Angeles, CA October 2000 – August 2001
QA Manager

●Promoted to QA manager February 2001, initially hired in a lead QA capacity.
●Oversaw the QA Project Assignments as handed down from CTO, Director of Engineering and Project Management - this included managing a team of 6 testers.
●Tested for ASP pages for dynamic or customizable content to be displayed in a browser, from user account pages to media such as audio or video files that are stored online, which permitted for managing user-owned content or objects that they created online such as video albums or a bandwidth-on-demand webcast.
●Performed data verification, generated SQL scripts for database analysis and validation.
●Defined team members’ roles and tasks.
●Defined testing milestone dates and criteria: alpha/beta/gold.
●Systematically supported all aspects of project(s) testing as needed.
●Responsible for maintaining the bug-tracking database for all bug submitted – utilized automated testing using Rational Visual Test, black box and gray box testing, performed limited stress testing using Rational Visual Test.

Education

City College of San Francisco – Bachelor of Science Business program 1985-1986
San Francisco State University - Bachelor of Science Business program 1990

Languages

English and Russian

Previous job references available upon request.
Contact this candidate