JIBRILE .B JEMAL
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
● Highly skilled and dedicated Automated Software Tester with expertise in TestNG and Selenium Framework, adept at ensuring the quality and reliability of applications by conducting comprehensive testing on staging and production servers.
● Proficient in creating efficient and effective test cases, test scenarios, and test plans during new feature implementations to validate software functionality and identify defects.
● Proficient in automating manual migration processes using bash scripts, streamlining workflows, and improving overall efficiency.
● Demonstrated expertise in conducting Performance Testing using JMeter, assessing system responsiveness, scalability, and stability under varying loads.
● API testing using REST Assured, both manually and automated, leveraging Postman to validate API functionality and data integrity.
● Experienced in utilizing Jira for bug tracking, effectively documenting and prioritizing identified issues, and coordinating with development teams for timely resolution. .
● Well-versed in writing detailed test cases and preparing comprehensive test plans during new feature implementation to facilitate smooth and systematic testing processes.
● Adopted at closely collaborating with DevOps teams, providing valuable insights, and resolving issues related to Selenium Test suites, thereby promoting continuous integration and continuous deployment practices.
● Proven ability to design and implement Page Object Model using Selenium and Java, enhancing test maintainability and reducing duplication of effort. WORK HISTORY
QA Engineer, 11/2022 - Present
CapitalOne, DC, Washington DC
● DAnalyzed requirements, organized and supervised formal reviews of development documentation (requirements and design documents, system test plans).
● Developed test plans and test strategy documents.
● Involved in peer reviews of the team's test plans and test cases.
● Identified problems, risk rating, problem reporting and referral to appropriate person or team.
● Maintained Traceability Matrix for requirements to test cases and created a data load.
Address: : Silver Spring, MD, 20905
Phone: : 240-***-****
Email: : ad2hra@r.postjobfree.com
SKILLS
● Testing/performance Tools:
Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven,
Jenkins, Appium, Cucumber,
Web Services Testing tool:
● SOAP UI, POSTMAN, RestAssure
Developer IDE:
● Intellij IDEA, Eclipse,VScode
Database:
● PostgreSQL, MySQL Server, Oracle, DB2,
MS Access
Application Web Servers:
● Apache, Tomcat, JBoss, WebLogic Server
Operating Systems:
● Microsoft Windows, Ubuntu, Redhat
Linux, Linux/UNIX and MacOS
Bug Tracking Tools:
● JIRA,, HP Quality Center
● Version controls, Git, GitHub, Jenkins.
● Programming ( Java, Python, Bash,
Linux/Ubuntu ),
● Software development process,
Agile and Waterfall
● Recorded the deviations found during the development cycle and communicated to the client counterparts.
● Analyzed test results reports and test cases results and determined causes, and created detailed and comprehensive defect reports.
● Participated in the test environment setup ensuring that the facilities, test tools and scripts are in place to successfully perform the required testing effort by the Regression Team.
● Configured HP ALM in Agile environment.
● Created, executed Test Sets and maintained documentation of test results using HP ALM.
● Monitored and tracked defects/risks and managed through resolution using JIRA.
● Performed complex queries for data validation in SQL statements.
● Facilitated enhancement and maintained the current Test Environment in Eclipse using Java.
● Enhanced regression test cases to implement complex testing scenarios, increased permeation of functionality testing, and increased code coverage using Selenium WebDriver.
● Performed functional test automation and execution processes in a web environment using data-driven development with Selenium WebDriver.
● Enhanced the current Hybrid Framework using Selenium custom functions, for functional and regression automation testing.
● Monitored the bugs as and when developers fixed the bugs, communicated Testing Status to the management and to the Test team using conference calls.
● Coordinated the UAT testing by guiding the users during UAT.
● Attended QA daily meetings, proposals for resolving the conflicts.
● Prepared Weekly reports and build status reports.
● Used to set up troubleshooting sessions to resolve the issues Environments: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Unix, JQuery, MS Excel, Java, Python, XML, HP ALM, JIRA, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Oracle, SQL Server, Toad, C, C++, MS Visio, Soap UI, MS Word, Windows..
QA Engineer, 08/2021 - 11/2022
Verizon, TX
● Worked with Business Analyst and Product Owner to write agile formatted stories.
● Collaborated with team members to create a test plan for the project.
● Performed quality assurance reviews on all System Development Life Cycle.
● Involved in Planning, Scheduling, Tracking, Reporting Status and Managing Issues.
● Involved in preparing Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).
● Performed defect management using HP ALM/Quality Center.
● Created SQL statements for backend database validation.
● Involved in data mapping of the project requirements, queried the database using SQL queries for data mining, data analysis and data modeling.
● Developed regression scripts using Selenium.
● Automated regression test cases using the Selenium & JUnit.
● Executed Automated tests in appropriate test regions in support of unit, integration, functional, and regression testing using Selenium.
● Designed and developed automated scripts which involved Functional Regression, Integration test cases using Selenium.
● Created mock up data for REST API Testing with JSON data validation.
● Reported to all team members with Daily Status to track the updates in testing.
● Environment: Selenium, Quality Center/ALM, JSON, Java Eclipse, JUnit, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Windows, UNIX, SQL, Java, J2EE, HTML, Oracle, XML, Asp.Net, Java Script, C/C++, C#. QA Analyst, 06/2019 - 07/2021
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services., MBaltimore, MD
● Provided both technical and day-to-day automation efforts, this entails leading through all phases of engineering automation projects including requirement's collaboration, test architecture, test design, execution, and reporting.
● Developed Automation engineering strategies incorporating tools, test design, test data preparation, test execution, result analysis and maintenance smoke and regression test suites after every sprint deployment.
● Tested HIPAA regulations in Facets HIPAA privacy module.
● Proficiency in EDI 4010 to EDI 5010. And involved in conversion and mapping HIPAA ICD 9 to ICD 10.
● Involved with Agile Methodology, Used Eclipse IDE for test environment and Java scripts for development.
● Coordinated with team members, developers, test execution team and project managers the proper Defect management strategies and defect tracking in JIRA.
● Detected, reported and classified bugs in JIRA.
● Wrote SQL queries in order in order to obtain test reference data, detect data caching issues and ensure data consistency, a large number of defects were detected by performing back end testing in this project.
● Involved all types SQL queries like select, insert, update, and delete records.
● Involved in executing the SQL Queries for Data Validation.
● Involved in Compatibility testing in different browsers to avoid customer drop off on sites.
● Involved in Mobile Application testing, Test Mobile Apps for Android and iOS as well.
● Created function libraries, Environmental variables and associated projects using Java and Selenium.
● Created custom Xpath for identifying Dynamic Objects and used them in Selenium.
● Created property files to store all the Xpath, file path, test site URL and use them in the Selenium.
● Developed test scripts using Selenium Web Driver, ample use of Firebug to map HTML pages and Selenium NG(Next Generation) to document reports, test results, Use of "Parameterization" techniques for a "Data Driven" test.
● Successful completion of the project was done in record time and at client satisfaction.
● Extensive web service call debugging and traffic analysis using Fiddler Web Debugger and incorporating the analysis in test data creation and SoapUI script development.
● Extensively developed scalable Web Service automation projects using SoapUI Pro.
● Developed SoapUI setup script, tear down script, test step assertion evaluation script in Groovy script
● Involved in VB script programming standards.
Automation Test Engineer, 10/2016 - 06/2019
Zoomdata Inc., Reston, VA
● Writing test scripts from user stories, and use cases using selenium with core java.
● Created page object automation framework using Java 8 /9/11 consistently.
● Preparing and executing batch test suites using TestNG and JUnit frameworks.
● Implemented TestNG with allure to generate test result reports in different formats like HTML, XML and Graphical and linked to Bamboo.
● Setup and configured testing environment using Docker container and images.
● Setup and configured testing environment using AWS centos
/Linux/Ubuntu instances.
● Upload and Download server backups from AWS S3 repository and perform data migration.
● Troubleshoot build issues in CI/CD tools such as Bamboo and Jenkins as continuous integration tools in different projects.
● Working in user story improvement and preparing high level test scenarios, test suites and test plans.
● Participating in agile processes, daily stand up, sprint planning, grooming and retrospective meetings.
● Defined automation & CI/CD roadmaps to migrate applications to DevOps standards.
● Develop and maintain deploy jobs for application code deployment across all environments using a wide range of Automated tools
(Jenkins, GitHub, Sonar-Qube, Ansible, Terraform, Docker & Docker-compose).
● Logging and validating issues based on priority level and analyzing customer reported bugs.
● Executing CRUD operations through restful web service and validated the test results.
● Automating service operations,application installation using shell scripting
● Running smoke, integration, and regression suites in a continuous integration pipeline.
● Performing app upgrade and data migration testing using different database dumps/metadata stores in every release cycle.
● Configured CI/CD pipeline from scratch using the following automation tools (Jenkins, GitHub,docker,S3,ECR and EC2)
● Automated part of CI/CD pipeline using Ansible as a configuration management tool.
● Implemented Restful API with API gateway and DynamoDB to serve as CI functions
● Created a ChatOps automated utility CLI to deploy, restart, stop and destroy testing EC2 servers.
● Integrated CI/CD status monitoring to Slack
● Adopted Infrastructure as a code and automation concepts such as Jenkins job DSL and Jenkins pipeline to enhance CI/CD efficiency
● Integrated Git, bitbucket and jenkins and troubleshoot
● Created a multi branch pipeline and managed microservices branch to build, test independently.
● Implemented Continuous Integration using Jenkins and GitHub to build and deploy artifacts to testing.
● Generate reports with Sonar-Qube to cover Code quality for potential bugs, code coverage, coding rules.
● Environment:
Confluence, Jira, Oracle, PostgreSQL and MongoDB, Selenium, TestNG, Java, Intellij, Agile, Maven, Bamboo, GitHub, Bitbucket EDUCATION
Computer Science
University of Computer ENGINEERING - Ethiopia
CERTIFICATIONS
Test Automation Developer - Certified @CloudSheger
.
Contact this candidate