UBLIS JACOB N
No: */***, SRB NAGAR, *TH STREET, KOLATHUR, 600099
908-***-**** ad2n5g@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
To work and succeed in a stimulating and challenging environment, building the success of the company while I experience advancement opportunities.
Profile Summary
Extensive 2.3+ years of diversified experience as a QA Tester Client\Server, Web based Applications using Manual and Automation testing Techniques with emphasis on Functional, System, and Regression Testing.
Experience in GUI Testing, Functional, Regression, Integration and User Acceptance Testing.
Expertise in Test Case Design, Test Execution, Defect Management, Defect Tracking.
Experience in Functional Testing, User Acceptance testing, Regression Testing, System Testing, Sanity Testing.
Excellent experience in Black box Testing.
Expertise in Problem solving and creating Bug Reports using Bug Tracking Tools.
Versatile team player with good communication and problem-solving skills.
Hands on experience in Selenium Web driver and TestNG unit framework.
Experience in Data Driven Framework, POM and Cucumber.
Good knowledge in writing x-path and other locators.
Handling Alert popup, Dropdowns, radio button, Screenshots.
Handling Mouse and keyboard actions.
Knowledge in API Testing.
PostMan and Rest Assured.
Handled Jmeter
HTTP Request, API Request, JDBCRequest.
Technical Skill Set
Testing Methodologies : Manual Testing, Automation Testing, API Testing. Testing Tools : Exposure in Selenium, Creating testing flows in MS Power Automate, Jmeter, PostMan, RestAssured.
Bug Tracking Tool : Jira
Programming Languages : Exposure in Java, SQL
RPA : Microsoft Power Automate
Education
Course / Degree School / University Grade / Score Year Bachelor Of Computer Applications Madras Christian College 64 2020 Projects
METALLICA
Description
Metallica is an e-commerce merchandise site selling different products like T-Shirts, Posters, Jewels, Vinyl Club Subscriptions, Gift Certificate, Pre-Order products, Contests tickets etc., to the User. Roles and Responsibilities
Requirement gathering, Test Planning and Test case creation for each Sprint. Doing the sanity test of the website functionalities on Daily manner. Created test cases for manual testing and executed it as per test requirements, performed execution of test cases manually to verify the expected results.
Creating automation test suit for repeated test scenarios. Updating and maintaining the existing automation test. Analyze and find out the Production issues reported by live customers. Support on testing seasonal features other than Sprint tickets. Production test support after each release.
The current sprint tickets are assigned through Jira. The tickets will include Bugs, New feature to be added to the site, updation of the current feature etc.,
Regression testing - Doing the regression and End to End testing on half of the month once and validating the Order details in SFCC and TOMS.
Site Monitoring - Creating automation script for monitoring the site. Running the Automation script daily helps us with calling out any failures to the Client easily.
Ship method testing involves testing the Shipment cost for the domestic and international addresses. Tax testing involves testing the Taxable amount for the taxable and non taxable domestic and international addresses. Grand Circle Corporation [GCC]
Description
OAT is part of the family of travel companies owned by Boston based Grand Circle Corporation, offering group Adventure travel to Africa, the Arctic Asia, Central and South America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. O.A.T has also been recognized for leadership in tourism and in philanthropy. Roles and Responsibilities
Requirement gathering and Analysis.
Ability to define BDD from functional requirements. Preparation of test plan and test cases.
Involved in DataBase testing for User data validation. Ability to test content related behaviors using SFCC. Building a robust BDD framework with POM.
Preparation & Execution of automation scripts.
Involved in test case execution and found critical defects. Involved in triaging bugs and finding the root cause of the issues. Gibraltar : Manual Testing
Description
Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory and headland, on Spain's south coast. Government of Gibraltar main website. Roles and Responsibilities
Requirement gathering and Analysis.
Ability to define test cases from functional requirements. Preparation of test plan and test cases.
Involved in test case execution and found critical defects, reporting defects. Bugs/Issues are logged and set priority/severity of the issue and assigned to the developer. Will retest the issues once it gets fixed.
Achievements & Awards
Quarterly Award Achived quarterly award for performing well and supporting the project. Personal Information
Date of Birth : 20.12.1999
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Mother Tongue : Tamil
Language Proficiency : English and Tamil
Father’s Name : V M Nithyanandam
Mother's Name : Sheela Janet
Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Contact this candidate