Eapa Choudhury
QA Automation Engineer
ad2p3f@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Adaptable professional with nine years of work experience and proven knowledge of leadership, problem-solving, and prioritization. Aiming to leverage my abilities to successfully fill the QA Automation role at your company.
Experience
QA Automation Engineer New york, New York
Mount Sinai Hospital Sep 2021 - Oct 2023
● Utilized SQL queries for back-end database validation tests.
● Developed automated test scripts in Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven to test web applications.
● Identified program deviance from standards and suggested modifications to ensure compliance.
● Modified existing software to correct errors, allowed it to adapt to new hardware and to improve its performance.
● Conducted historical analyses of test results.
● Used JIRA to track software development life cycle processes. QA Automation Engineer New york, New York
Grasshopper Bank Mar 2019 - Mar 2021
● Developed automated test scripts in Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven to test web applications.
● Performed API testing using Postman, SoapUI and Rest Assured.
● Identified, analyzed and documented problems with program function, output, online screen, and content.
● Provided feedback and recommendations to developers on software usability and functionality.
● Developed end-to-end UI automation tests using Cypress.io toolset.
● Installed and configured virtual machines with multiple operating systems for cross browser compatibility testing.
● Visited beta testing sites to evaluate software performance. QA Automation Engineer New York, New York
Sportsrocket Oct 2016 - Jan 2019
●
● Used JIRA to track software development life cycle processes.
● Utilized SQL queries for back-end database validation tests.
● Developed automated test scripts in Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven to test web applications.
● Performed API testing using Postman, SoapUI and Rest Assured.
● Documented all the automation test cases, results and defects found during execution.
● Participated in Agile sprint planning meetings, daily standups and retrospectives.
● Monitored performance of web applications under different load conditions using JMeter.
●
Software QA/Mobile Engineer BridgeWater, New Jersey Synchronoss Jun 2014 - Oct 2016
●
● Reported defects found during testing into a bug tracking system such as JIRA for further investigation by developers.
● Performed root cause analysis of reported bugs by tracing back through code changes made over time.
● Documented results of various tests performed throughout the entire Software Development Life Cycle.
● Reviewed user interface designs for usability issues prior to development efforts beginning.
● Participated in code reviews with development teams to provide feedback on overall code quality from a QA perspective.
● Evaluated and recommended software for testing and bug tracking. Education
Pace University New York, NY, US
Master of Science (M.S.) Computer Information Systems May 2019
Contact this candidate