DEMITRI BOYD

Los Angeles CA ***** Cell: 949-***-**** Email: ad2pus@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/demitri-boyd

Software QA Engineer

Profile
●5+ years of hands-on experience in Software QA testing of both Mobile and Web-Based Applications using Manual Procedures and Automated Tools on all stages of SDLC in Agile environment.
●Good knowledge of black and gray box testing (backend validation of test results via SQL queries, RESTful API calls).
●Framework automation JS/TP(Playwright, Cypress, Selenium, Cucumber BDD, POM pattern, exposure CICD Jenkins).
●Result-oriented engineer, attentive to details, effective communicator with “can do” attitude and positive mindset.
●Quickly adapt to fast-paced environments locally or remotely, enjoy being a team player, or work independently.
●US Resident (Green Card Holder)

Skills
Language: TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Gherkin, JQL/CQL, SQL.
Database: Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB.
Environment: Windows, macOS, UNIX/LINUX VMware/Ubuntu, Android, iOS, watchOS, Wear OS.
Web Services: REST API (Postman, Swagger, JSON, XML, Newman), DevTools, BrowserStack, New Relic.
Test Automation: node.js, Cypress, PlayWright, Mocha/Chai, VSCode, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, IntelliJ IDEA, Cucumber/BDD, CSS/jQuery Selectors with pseudo-classes, xPath and CY/PW native locators, Shell/Bash CLI, Git/GitHub, Jenkins.
Mobile Testing: SDK/ADB, AVD, Android Studio, XCode, TestFlight, AppCenter, AWS Device Farm, Charles Proxy.
Management Tools: Jira, Xray, Confluence, Figma, Optimizely, QAlity, Bugzilla, Google Workspace, Trello, TestRail, Azure DevOps.

Work Experience
ZERO-IN Software Corp Concord, CA
Software Quality Assurance Engineer June 2018 – Present
●Actively participate in SDLC and STLC of multiple software development projects for Web and Mobile applications.
●Follow Agile methodology by engaging in daily Scrum, bi-weekly Sprint Planning with Product Backlog Grooming and Bug Triage, Sprint Review with Demo, and Sprint Retrospective meetings.
●Perform different types of testing: Static, Exploratory, Ad-hoc, Functional, Smoke, Integration, Re-testing, Sanity, Regression, System, E2E, Release, and Non-Functional such as Cross-Platform/Cross-Browser Compatibility, Globalization/Localization, Accessibility, GUI apart from it Mobile(Networking, Interruption), dB, API and UI Automation.
●Analyze BRD and PRD, use cases, features, user stories with acceptance criteria, functional and design specs to derive comprehensive test conditions based on Test Analysis and identify test data to run test scenarios.
●Utilize management tools and design techniques to develop QA docs: test plans, checklists, test scenarios, test suites, test cases, bug reports, summary reports, Test Metrics, Compatibility/Traceability Matrix to ensure adequate coverage.
●Examine and suggest UI/UX improvements under ATDD to team/stakeholders to come up with better strategy for UAT.
●Nail down software defects with concise and clear reports, monitor status until its full resolution during Bug Life Cycle.
●Experience writing robust code for JavaScript and TypeScript with static and dynamic data types using arrays, loops, functions, promises, objects, class inheritance with constructors and methods following OOP Pattern.
●Contribute to Playwright and Cypress frameworks for dB, API, UI automation of test scripts for Smoke and Regression suites in Cucumber format with Jenkins jobs, prior played part in maintenance of Java-based framework using Selenium.
●Craft CSS selectors and XPath locators applying predicates and axes for semantic expressions.
●Exposure of high-level to Jenkins CICD with pipelines parameterization, staging, build steps, triggers and post actions.
●Leverage Git and GitHub for version control and centralized storage of script code with configs and other artifacts.
●Participate in root cause analyses, involving verification of logs in Unix/ Linux environment using shell/bash commands in terminal, PuTTY SSH client, Vi built-in editor, WinSCP file transfer between Server and local system.
●Test web services (REST API) using cURL, Postman with Swagger, automate ETE tests into collections, use CSV and JSON files with multiple values for Data Driven Testing, familiar with Postman CLI and its CICD flows.
●Use Newman to generate Allure reports and XMYSQL to connect Postman with dB for data validation over API calls.
●Run back-end testing by executing SQL queries in relational DBMS to validate data populates at appropriate table fields using join statements, aggregate functions, clauses, and operators to verify data integrity with front-end values.
●Mobile App Testing on emulators, simulators, and real devices utilizing XCode with TestFlight, Android Studio with AppCenter, ADB commands and Charles Proxy breakpoints to collect and analyze logs and act on builds manipulations.
●Master mobile build Installation, Upgrade, Uninstallation, Location(mock geolocation with spoofers), Deep Link testings.
●Took part in accessibility testing, adhering to POUR principles, utilize DevTools for Rendering, DOM/CSS validation, use TalkBack/VoiceOver, Narrator Screen Readers, analyze Lighthouse, AXE and WAVE to comply WCAG standards.

Education
Certified Prompt Engineer with Generative AI.
2016 Informational Technologies - MTSAC, Walnut, CA.
2014 Bachelor’s degree in Management, State University, Krasnodar.
Contact this candidate