RAMSHA JAHAN
816-***-**** ad2spe@r.postjobfree.com Leander, TX 78641
www.linkedin.com/in/ramsha-jahan-b57b7a24b

SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER

SUMMARY
3+ years of strong hands-on experience in web and mobile-based application testing.
Working knowledge of Agile/Scrum and waterfall methodologies to accomplish project milestones and meet demanding timelines.
Experience writing test documentation: test plans, suites, and test cases.
Experience in different testing methodologies like Black box, Grey box, smoke, Functional, Regression, GUI, System, Installation, and compatibility testing.
Created easily reproducible bug reports and tracked them until satisfactory resolution.
Strong organizational skills and great attention to detail.
Analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude.
Ability to learn new technologies and challenging concepts quickly and implement them.
US Citizen.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Platforms: Windows, Linux, MAC OS
Mobile Platforms: Android, iOS, Windows Phone
Testing Tools: Chrome Development Tools, Browser Stack, Postman, Android Studio, Xcode, Capado
Databases: MySQL, DBeaver, Maria DB
Test Automation: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Visual Studio Code
Web Related: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Other tools: JIRA, Zephyr, Confluence, Coggle,
EXPERIENCE:
Software QA Engineer Kodeploy Sept 2020- October 2023 Irvine-California
Participated in strategy sessions with management and technical teams to develop effective and cost-efficient testing processes and procedures.
Conducted standard functional and qualitative testing types of web and mobile applications in multiple browsers and across operating systems.
Created test documentation from scratch: Test Suites/Cycles and Test Cases in Zephyr using Gherkin.
Performed Back-end testing to ensure data consistency on the front end by writing and executing SQL queries.
Conducted RESTful API testing in Postman.
Performed comprehensive regression testing of new builds and provided feedback to QA manager/Developer team.
Performed Usability testing to detect accessibility issues in the application.
Communicated with remote teams using Slack, Microsoft Teams, Skype, GoToMeeting
Conducted Collaboration with the QA team through GOOGLE Cloud services (Google Drive, Google Docs).
Reported Bugs in JIRA with further tracking and validation of files issued by developers and performing a duplicate search in JIRA using advanced search and JQL.
Executed test cases and verifying actual results with expected results.

EDUCATION AND TRAINING:
Bachelor of Science
Journalism University of Karachi Pakistan
Contact this candidate