THOMAS GULSEVER
QA AUTOMATION ENGINEER SDET

CONTACT

Naperville IL 60564
Ph: 815-***-****
ad2v49@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
CAREER SUMMARY

TECHNICAL SUMMARY

IoT
Selenium WebDriver
Jira
TestNG/Junit
Node.js
Appium
Cucumber/ Gherkin
Maven
Jenkins
GitHub, GitLab
JAVA and JavaScript OOP concepts
SQL, HTML
Windows, MacOS
Agile, Waterfall
Data Driven Development and Behavior Driven Development frameworks.
JMeter
API Testing
Rest Assured
Karate
Postman
Regression Testing
Smoke Testing
Functional Testing
●I possess 10 years of experience in Software Automation Testing, encompassing both Waterfall, Agile. And SAFE environments. This extensive background has equipped me with a versatile skill set, enabling effective and adaptive testing strategies in diverse project management frameworks
●Experience in testing Internet of Things (IoT) devices and systems.
●Strong hands-on experience in Automation Tools, including Selenium WebDriver, WebDriver IO, TestNG, Junit, Appium Mobile testing, Docker, Node.js, Visual Studio, WebStorm, IntelliJ, Cucumber BDD using Java, C# and JavaScript programming language.
●Database testing with writing SQL queries to validate complex content and automate using JDBC library.
●Backend Testing using Swagger document Postman/Rest API and the Rest-Assured library, validating request and response in XML and JSON for REST-API
●Smoke, Functional, Back-end, Blackbox, Regression, End to End Tests.
●Preparation of test automation framework using Page Object Model design pattern.
●Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) experienced in defining and implementing.
●Hands on experience with Behavior Driven Development and Data Driven Development.
●Proficient in IoT technologies, including sensors, wireless communication protocols, and cloud-based platforms.
●Familiar with IoT security concepts, such as authentication, encryption, and access control.
●Experienced using GitHub and GitLab as a version control system & JIRA as a project management tool.
●Excellent interpersonal skills and written communication skills, proven team player with delivering under high stress environment with resource constraints.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

The Chamberlain Group Oak Brook, IL
QA Automation Engineer December 2020-Current

ENVIRONMENT: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, Junit, Cucumber, Jenkins, Java, HTML, SQL, GitHub, Windows10.

Experience with testing smart access solution devices using IoT technologies, including sensors, gateways, and cloud platforms.
Proficient in developing and executing test cases for smart access solutions that ensure high quality and performance.
Skilled in using a variety of tools and technologies for testing and debugging, including Jira, Selenium, Cucumber, and API testing.
Experience working in an Agile development environment, including participating in daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and sprint retrospectives.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including developers, product managers, and designers, to ensure successful delivery of smart access solutions.
Continuously learning and staying up to date with the latest IoT technologies, trends, and best practices in the industry.
Developed BDD framework based on Cucumber and implemented POM in IntelliJ IDE using Java and automated them using Selenium WebDriver.
Created automated scripts for REST API testing using Rest Assured and Karate framework.
Developed test scripts using Selenium, Java and TestNG and JUnit annotations to execute and run the feature files.
Used Jenkins Continuous Integration tool for automatic build process and running regression tests.
Identified bugs, logged them into Jira, monitored their progress and verified their fix.
Merged branches via GIT and pull requests via GitHub per release management process to minimize risk to releases.

Charles Schwab Cooperation California, CA
QA Automation Engineer September 2020 – December 2020

ENVIRONMENT: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, SQL, JAVA, SQL Oracle, Jenkins, Windows 10.

●Involved in preparation and analyzing of Manual and Automation Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Scripts.
●Attended Sprint Plan Meetings, Daily Standup Meetings and reviewed user stories in Agile Environment.
●Worked on developing the automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver with Data-Driven Framework.
●Integrated TestNG with Selenium WebDriver and Java using Eclipse to generate test execution result.
●Performed multi-browser testing in order to secure compatibility with various web browsers.
●Performed End-to-End Testing manually and was associated with User Acceptance Testing.
●Used Jenkins for Continuous Integration for daily Smoke Test.
●Performed Regression Testing for every modification in the application and new builds.
●Reviewed test cases according to assigned requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from Oracle SQL Database accessed through AWS.
●Used Apache POI to read data from Excel sheet for test Automation.
●Provided mentoring to Functional Tester how to use Selenium WebDriver.

Discover Financial Services Riverwoods, IL
Senior QA Automation Engineer February 2018-August 2020

ENVIRONMENT: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, Junit, Cucumber, Jenkins, Java, HTML, SQL, GitHub, Windows10.

●Involved in manual and automation UI, Functional, Regression Testing and User Acceptance
Testing phases.
●Developed BDD framework based on Cucumber and implemented POM in IntelliJ IDE using Java and automated them using Selenium WebDriver.
●Created automated script for REST API testing using Rest Assured framework.
●Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework and sending the automation reports
over mail.
●Created dynamic/customized XPath to locate elements uniquely.
●Extensively worked on creating Feature files and Gherkin scenario/scenario outline using Cucumber
framework.
●Developed test scripts using Selenium, Java and TestNG and JUnit annotations to execute and run the feature files.
●Used Cucumber Tags in feature file for regression, smoke and end-to-end test execution.
●Performed Data driven testing using Data tables and read external files by using Apache POI in Cucumber framework.
●Used Jenkins Continuous Integration tool for automatic build process and running regression tests.
●Identified bugs, logged them into Jira, monitored their progress and verified their fix.
●Merged branches via GIT and pull requests via GitHub per release management process to minimize risk to releases
●Converted Business requirements and System requirements documentation into test design products, Test Scenarios, Automation Test Scripts.
●Discussed with Business analyst and developers while developing an integrated Test Plan covering
the main functions of the designated parts of the application.
●Responsible for identifying test cases for Manual and Automation with Selenium WebDriver for
Smoke Test, Functional and Regression Tests.
●Actively participated in SCRUM meetings and reviews.

SSM Health Saint Louis MO
QA Automation Engineer January 2014 – January 2017

ENVIRONMENT: Selenium WebDriver, SQL, TestNG, GitHub, Firefox, Chrome, Java, Windows/ IOS.

●Performed Functional Testing to identify various critical points in the application and
automated it by using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG.
●Performed Data Verification Testing by writing SQL queries to resolve data discrepancies.
and maintain data accuracy.
●Developed Smoke and Regression Test suites.
●Performed Functional and Regression Testing after each modification and enhancement by using
Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
●Tested extensive Back-end Testing using SQL queries to retrieve the data from the database and checked data integrity.
●Conducted Black Box testing to strategize new projects requirements for functional
behavior and performance.
●Merged branches via GIT and pull requests via GitHub per release management process to minimize
risk to releases.
●Performed browser compatibility testing web application on different browsers like Firefox and
Chrome.
Contact this candidate