UMA SINDU KOMMINENI
ad2vuq@r.postjobfree.com 669-***-**** Visa Status- US Citizen
Professional Summary
● 9+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance. Actively participated and contributed in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with expertise in Requirement Analysis, Test Plan formulation, Test Design, and Test Automation.
● Proficient in Agile Scrum Methodology.
● Expertise in Black Box, Performance, Ad hoc, User Acceptance and Security Testing
● Experienced in Oracle RDBMS scripting with PL/SQL for reporting, ETL pipeline building as well as data validation
● Proficient in all phases of test life cycle from test planning to defect tracking and managing defect life cycle.
● 6+ years of experience in coordinating testing effort, responsible for test deliverables, status reporting to management and issue escalations.
● Good experience with automation tools like Selenium which I have used on a broad mix of browsers viz: Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari and operating systems like Windows, Linux and Mac.
● Professional experience in designing Test Cases and Test Scripts for Windows, Java and UNIX environments
● Developed and maintained Test Scripts in VB, analyzing bugs and interacting with development team members in fixing the defects.
● Experienced in using HP Quality Centre in conjunction with UFT and ALM tooling
● Expertise in iOS testing including XCode across all OS versions
● Experienced in mobile testing on Android using ADB Technical Summary
● Testing Tools: HP Unified Functional Tester (UFT), HP Quality Center 10.0/9.0, JIRA, Bugzilla, XCode, ADB, Selenium 2.0/1.0 WebDriver/RC, ALM, Jira
● Operating System: iOS, Android, Windows 95/NT/XP/2000/ME, UNIX, MS-DOS
● Scripting Languages: VB Script, Javascript, HTML 5, XHTML, UNIX Shell
● Programming Languages: Java, Python, C, C++
● RDBMS/ Database: PL/SQL, MySQL/T-SQL, Sass
● Documentation: Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and Outlook), Google Docs
Tech Mahindra, Mountainview, CA (REMOTE) Sep 2017 – present Client: YouTube( Google)
Role: Sr. test engineer
Responsibilities:
● Worked closely with TPM’s and helped in creating functional requirements
● Used PL/SQL extensively to create scripts for data validation and reporting
● Built ETL pipelines importing test data and defect tracking data for dashboarding
● Created Test plans and Test cases from given functional requirements
● Handson experience in various payment billings and entitlement
● Responsible for Blackbox and Whitebox Testing
● Coordinated with developers, users and various members of the team to discuss issues, resolve defects and set priorities.
● Performed testing on iOS, Android and Web platforms for YouTube app
● Experienced in debugging using ADB commands and providing pertinent error logs
● Performed blackbox and regression testing in staging environments
● Bug triage of all P0 bugs and reproducibility tests
● Experienced in testing for international locales on Android, iOS and Web
● Performed accessibility testing on feature requests Inforeva, Irving, TX Mar 2016 – Sep 2017
Client: Cognizant
Role: Test engineer
Responsibilities:
● Conducted review meetings to help the team understand Business Requirement and Functional Specification.
● Work closely with Business Analysts and conduct weekly status meetings walkthroughs.
● Responsible for defining the Test plan, analyzing the Test scenarios.
● Used HP Quality Center for preparing the Test plans and HP UFT for testing
● Designing Test Cases, executing Test Cases and Defect Logging.
● Performed data-driven testing using Selenium WebDriver.
● Reported the defects in the Quality Center automated tool and coordinated with the QA Lead and developers.
● Interacted with developers, users and various members of the team to discuss issues, resolve defects and set priorities.
● Performed automated Regression testing using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
● Performed Black Box Testing (Unit and Integration Testing).
● Created Requirement Traceability Matrix in Excel.
● Used SQL for data integrity testing, captured the SQL statements from the application execution and manually checked the results.
● Comply change management requirements and manage the change request/modification request in the Quality Center. Invesco Pvt. Ltd. – Hyderabad, India May 2013 – Nov 2015 Role: Tester
Responsibilities:
● Analyzing the system requirements for the future needs and thus design & develop performance test scripts
● Create, develop & Implement QA process and procedures
● Assisted in creating test plans, estimations, development and execute the business workflows
● Involved in preparing Requirements Traceability Matrix
● Reviewed the requirements and the Use Case Diagrams to write Test Cases/Test plan that would test various Scenarios
● Communication with senior level management & Client on details of the System performance
● Worked extensively in the QTP integrated environment (Object Repository, Object Identification, Parameters, Synchronization, Actions, Descriptive Programming.
● Involved in creating and executing SQL to validate the data at the Back End
● Document performance test results after each release and present them to development and business teams for reviews and sign-off. Education
MBA. Finance / Siva Sivani Institute of Management Aug ‘11 - May ‘13
B.Tech. Computer Science / JNTU University
Aug‘07- Jun’11, Hyderabad
Contact this candidate