CURRICULUM VITAE

E-Mail: sinha_ ad2wtu@r.postjobfree.com
E-Mail: praphull_ ad2wtu@r.postjobfree.com
E-Mail: ad2wtu@r.postjobfree.com
Mob. 009***********/ 008*********
Skype: psinha2003

PARAPHULL KUMAR SINHA (Sr.QA&QC Mechanical Engineer)

Objective : Seeking a position to utilize my skills and
Abilities in Fabrication & construction industry Industry.

My Strength : Generally 12 Hours Continues Job in the field & Strong
Physically Fit

Summary of Experience :

More than 22 years experience in the field of QC Inspection and NDT/Welding Inspection.

Inspected pressure vessel, Heat Exchanger, Filters and columns, Crude storage tanks, Reactor and Spheres.

Fabrication and Installation of all pipelines, vessels,Exchangers and structures.

On-stream Inspection and Documentation in the field of refineries, gas plants, fertilizers and petrochemical.

Welding Inspection on the repair of Pressure vessels, Exchangers, Pipelines and associated items.

Verifying welder qualification and Procedures relevant to specific job needs.

Good practical, theoretical knowledge in the interpretation of drawings, Working knowledge of International codes, specifications and QA/QC procedures

Familiar with various welding process like SMAW,SAW,GTAW,FCAW and MIG/MAG.

Familiar with International codes and standards such as ASME/ANSI,ASTM,AWS and API.

Interpretation of RTfilms,Evaluation of VT,MT,PT,UT reports and witnessing of destructive testing of specimens and Hydro testing/pneumatic testing.

Monitoring pre heat and post weld heat treatments of pipe lines and pressure vessels.

Professional Experience :

8) : M/S. TUNA ENVIROTECH PRIVATE LIMITED
4F-05,Global Foyer,Golf Course Road,
Sector-43, Gurugram-122002

Designation : Sr.QA&QC Mechanical Engineer

Duration : 24 april to till date

7) : M/S. FABTECH PROJECT (ISGEC HITACHI ZOSEN LTD)
Dahej- Gujarat

Designation : RCM

Duration : July 2022 to 20 April 2023

(6) : M/S. EMIRATES GLOBAL OIL & GAS SERVICES
LLC.,ABHU-DHABI

Designation : Sr. Inspection Engineer

Duration : Feb.2016 to March 2021

(5) : M/S. G. R. ENGG. WORKS LTD.,
ASME – U Stamp & ISO 9001
Certified Company Tarapur, Mumbai (INDIA)
Designation : Sr.QC Mechanical Engineer

Duration : october 2012 to feb.2016

Company Profile :

Company Engaged in Design Engineering, Manufacture & Supply of Heat Exchangers, Distillation Columns, Pressure Vessels, Reactors, LPG Horton Sphere, Knock out Drums, Mounded Bullets and Special Fabrications for Oil & Gas Industries, Refineries, Petrochemical, Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Fertilizer, Power plant & Engineering Industries.

(4) : M/S. Eram Engineering Company W.L.L
ISO 9001 Certified Company
Omran Center, Suit # 04, Bin omran
P.O.Box- 20795, Doha- State of Qatar

Designation : QA&QC Mechanical Engineer

Duration : 14th Feb. 2007 to may 2012

Project (A) : M/S IBERDROLA MESAIEED A CCPP PROJECT
(QATAR)
Period : Feb.2007 to August 2008
Designation : QA/QC Mechanical Inspector (piping)

Duties and Responsibilities:
It is a 2000 MW power plant project.
Monitoring / witnessing all the welding, Fabrication & Erection related activities as per client approved Inspection & Test plans, Quality control procedures.
Inspection of incoming materials and reviewing test certificate as per code
Inspection of piping materials identification as per isometric drawings.
Witnessing of activities like PQR,Welders qualification tests and preparation of PQR records and WQT certificates.
Stage wise inspection before, during and after fabrication.
Review of radiographic films, witnessing UT, MPI, DPI, Hardness, PWHT and review of test reports.
Preparation of Daily welding reports .
Witnessing of weld repair activities as per client approved WPS.
Line walk and Punch List preparation before hydro test.
Review of Hydro test packages.
Witnessing of Hydro testing, Pneumatic testing as per client approved procedures.
Reinstatement of Piping systems after completion of all hydro testing activities.
Verification Mechanical completion Package / Inspection record book.
Issue of Non-conformance reports & verification of corrective / Preventive action.
Knowledge of painting inspection activities.
Liaison with client inspectors for inspection of Hold and witness Point.
Attend construction & client meetings.

Project (B) : ASTALDI ARABIA LTD
M/S QATOFIN LLDPE PROJECT (Mesaieed- QATAR)

Period : September 2008 to August 2009

Designation : QA/QC Piping Engineer

Duties and Responsibilities:
It is an expansion project of Qatofin LLDPE Project (Linear low density poly ethyiene)
Many piping under ground and above ground covering this project minimum size 2” to maximum size 48” in different materials like carbon steel, LTCS, Stainless steel, Super duplex Stainless steel RTR Piping & GRP / GRE Piping.
Preparation of welding procedure specifications (WPS), Procedure Qualification records (PQR) to various code like ASME / AWS and different process like SMAW/GTAW.
Conducting welder performance qualification as per ASME IX And AWS D1.1.
Daily visual inspection on completed weld joints, fit up inspection and offer for the same to client and submitted reports.
Co ordinate with NDT sub contractor for NDT activities like Radiography, Magnetic particle inspection, Liquid penetrate inspection and Ultrasonic inspection.
Interpretation of the Radio graphed films and submitted report to the client.
Review the client Quality control for welding procedure, piping specification, Prefabrication,erection and testing procedure & procedure of welding consumable handling and storing.
Attend the meeting with Clint & construction to solve the problem of technical’s, Isometric drawings. & any modification.
Review the test package for any Punch item “A”, Before hydro test.
Verify the test Limits in P & ID, isometric drawings for Hydro test / Pneumatic test..
Review test package for clearing punch item “B” to Reinstatement. & commissioning.
After commissioning hand over all test package, Data to client.

Project (C) : M/S ORYX G.T.L SHUT DOWN PROJECT
(Raslaffan-QATAR)

Period : September 2009 to 10 December 2009

Designation : Plant Inspector / Welding Inspector

Duties and Responsibilities:
It was three month shut down
Inspection,fabrication,repair,modification and part fabrication of tank,
vessels under pressure and boilers which include, but are not limited to.

Witness and evaluate non-destructive examination such as
dyepenetrant examination, magnetic particle examination, radiographic
examination and ultrasonic examination as per the approved quality
control plans.

Review and approved of quality control plans by including intervention points.

Verification where applicable of material certificates against the

applicable material specification and identification of new material of
construction and witnessing the transfer of cast/heat number.

Visual examination of material cut edges and heat affected zones.

Approval of welders, welding operator’s qualification, welding and NDT Procedures.

Monitor welding activities during execution and perform inspection as per the QCP and sign of the intervention points as the work progresses.
Examine heat treatment records for compliance with the applicable code requirements
.
Ensure that the painting/coating inspection and testing activities on pipelines/equipments are performed and completed as per the specifications.

Perform final inspection.

Review repair packages and ensure all relevant documentation has been signed of as required
.
Sign of the certificate of fabrication/repair/modification.

Witness pressure testing of equipments.

Certify the integrity of the equipments.

Performs other job related duties as assigned.

Identify non conformities and review corrective actions.

Carried out extensive welding inspection and UT scanning for various types of NDT like visible dye penetrate, wet fluorescent penetrate, magnetic particle inspection, wet fluorescent magnetic particle inspection on Reactors, vessels, Heat Exchanger, Tanks and Pipelines.

Stage wise inspection of repair activities during fit up and welding and ensure the compliance with required standards.

Evaluation of the welding joints by visual and NDT .

Quality control activities related to Shut down and maintenance of Refinery at various occasions.

Handled Holiday det ector for coating inspection, echo tip hardness tester for checking hardness in base metal, Heat effected zone (HAZ) and weld areas.
By using boroscope to find out internal corrosion and pitting of smaller dia pipe tubes.

Skin temperature measurements device also used to measure the temperature of the heat exchangers.

Project (D) : M/S MANCO INTERNATIONAL CO. WLL
QATALUM PROJECT (MESAIEED-QATAR)

Period : 15 December 2009 TO 20 feb. 2010

Designation : QA/QC Engineer ( Mechanical)

Duties and Responsibilities:
Inspection and documentation of Structural & Piping

Preparation and implementation of the Quality procedure in the project.
Preparation of WPS,managing for the testing of Procedure Qualification, Welder Performance test, Preparation of the PQR.
Preparation / reviewing the QAP and implement it at site, Stage wise from start of project up to finish project.
Evaluate and approval of Qualification of welder, NDT technician and QC Inspector and super wise to them for better job.
Reviewing the material certificates, visual and dimensional inspection of material, weld joints and assemblies and up keeping the quality records.
Reviewing / preparing the procedure of welding,NDT, Hydro test as per approved QAP requirements.
Developing the welding procedures from welding manual and monitoring the welding performance and quality.
Preparation of procedures and arrangement for hydro testing.
Preparation of blasting & Painting procedures, inspection and documentation.

Project (E) : M/S BLACK CAT ENGINEERING&CONSTRUCTION
WLL
QATAR PETROLEUM PROJECT (DUKHAN-QATAR)

Project: EPIC of Smokeless Flare and Auto. Blow-Down System & New Control Room at FSP (Fahahil Stripping Plant) . at Dukhan

Period : 15 march 2010 TO .May 2011

Designation : QA/QC Inspector ( Mechanical / Piping)

Duties and Responsibilities:
Inspection and documentation of Piping

Review NDE activities (RT, UT, MT, &PT)
Material identification and verification against MTC’s. And to monitor and inspect Fit-up and welding of pipes spools.
To prepare periodical reports on the progress and quality of work. And to monitor contractor QA/QC activities and to maintain records.
Before welding, inspection of welding equipment, base and filler materials. Inspection of piping fit up, visual inspection of piping as per drawings and after welding, as applicable
NDT examination.
Conversant with ASME Section V, Section VIII Div.I, Section IX & ASME B 31.3.
Witnessed PMI of welded joints (alloy steel) and maintaining weekly requirement as per client.
Reviewing pipeline & Tie-in test packs and to witness hydrostatic test & pneumatic test as per Project pre-appraised specifications.
Liaison and problem solving skills with the ability to work in multi-discipline environment.
Ability to effectively deal with people in all level of operation

Project (F) : M/S TEKFEN CONSTRUCTION AND INSTALLATION
CO.INC.
Project: LDPE3,QAPCO Plant (MESAIEED-QATAR)
Period : August 2011 TO .may 2012

Designation : QA/QC Inspector ( Mechanical / Piping)

Duties and Responsibilities:
Inspection and documentation of Piping / Equipments

(3) : M/S. QUALITY INTERNATIONAL CO. LTD,
(L.L.C.) FZE (UAE.)
ASME – U Stamp & ISO 9001
Certified Company FUJAIRAH, U.A.E.
Designation : QC Engineer
Duration : 2006 Jan. to Dec.2006

(2) : M/S. G. R. ENGG. WORKS LTD.,
ASME – U Stamp & ISO 9001
Certified Company Tarapur, Mumbai (INDIA)
Designation : Inspection Engineer
Duration : March 1998 to Dec.2005

Company Name (1) : M/S Star Sintered Ltd.
Phase, 11 Noida, U.P. (INDIA)
Designation : Inspection Supervisor
Duration : 1994 – 1998

Company Profile :

Company Engaged in Design Engineering, Manufacture & Supply of Heat Exchangers, Distillation Columns, Pressure Vessels, Reactors, LPG Horton Sphere, Knock out Drums, Mounded Bullets and Special Fabrications for Oil & Gas Industries, Refineries, Petrochemical, Chemical, Pharmaceutical, Fertilizer, Power plant & Engineering Industries.

Work Responsibilities :

1) Preparation of QAP. Review of WPS and PQR. Carry out welder qualification test, inspection of incoming material and material identification, liaison with third party surveyors like Lloyds / EIL / CEIL / PDIL / BVIS / DNV / TUV / H&G
Toyo/Bax council / Veloci Etc.

2)Undertake familiarization with project and discipline specific inspection documentation to ensure understanding of contract requirements interpret codes, Standards and project specifications to clarify ambiguities and consolidate elements to ensure contract requirements are met.

3)Liaise with internal and external concerned parties to co-ordinate presence at inspection and tests to be conducted.

4)Carry out the more complex quality function activities, such as procedure qualification tests, to ensure word conforms to standards. Take action consistent with no conformances system when abnormalities detected and defend findings.

5)Complete relevant forms and prepare reports on inspections and tests undertaken for inclusion in, and maintenance of, inspection records. Prepare regular section inspection activity report.

Project Experience:

Project : M/S Indian Oil Corporation LTD.
LPG, Bottling Plant Kashipur (U.P.) India
Equipment : LPG / Propane Horton Sphere (2 nos)

Capacity : 14000 M.T

Size : 18 meter x 70 thk

Period : 1999-2000

Project : M/S Reliance Petro Chemicals LTD.
Jamnagar Refinery Complex (Gujarat) India
Equipment : LPG / Propylene Horton Sphere (12 nos)

Capacity : 14000 M.T

Size : 18 meter x 50 thk

Period : 2000-2001

Professional Qual. : Institution of Mechanical Engineer
(Passed 1994)

ASNT Level-II : In Liquid Penetrate Test, Magnetic Particle Test, Ultrasonic test and Radiography Test

Academic Qual. : Bachelor of science with mathematics

Computer Literacy : Windows-98, 2000, MS-office 2000 in (word, Excel,
PowerPoint & Internet).

Courses Attended : H2S Awareness & Escape
Enhanced site supervision workshop
Safety training observation programmed
Safety Induction training
Permit to work system ( PTW)
Confined Space Entry
. AWS

Personal Information:
Name : Paraphull Kumar Sinha
Father’s Name : Shri Deo Krishna Sinha
Present Address : As below

Permanent Address : P.K.Sinha
Vill + Post. – Madhubani,
Dist.- Ballia (U.P.)
PIN- 277208
PH.- (009***********)
Passport no. : N9080078

Date of issue : 31-03-2016

Date of expire : 30-03-2026

Place of issue : LUCKNOW

Date of birth : 10 / 07 / 1971
Marital Status : Married
Language Known : English & Hindi

Latest’s contact no. : +919*********)

Declaration: -
I hereby declare that the Information furnished above is true And best of my knowledge

Date:

Place: Ballia (U.P)
(PARAPHULL KUMAR SINHA)
Contact this candidate