Ekaterina Bolotova
Leading Software QA Test Engineer / Senior Automation Test Engineer
Jersey City, NJ +1-201-***-**** ad2xz5@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Experienced and ISTQB certified Leading QA/Test Engineer with over 15 years of proven success in the testing field. A highly adaptable and proactive professional, implementing effective strategies to optimize test efficiency and enhancing product quality.
• Strong knowledge and experience in all stages of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project Life Cycle in Waterfall and Agile frameworks, and experience in a Scrum environment development with off-shore, on-shore and cross-functional teams.
• Creating UI test frameworks for regression testing (Page Object, Allure)
• 500+ Test Cases and Test Scenarios with maximum test coverage for UI and API frameworks (Selenium Web Driver, Java, TestNg, JUnit, DDT, Maven, BDD, Cucumber, Gherkin, Rest-Assured, WireMock, TDD, Bash)
• Proficient at writing SQL queries for Oracle databases to retrieve, test and analyze data
• Create API Collections in web services testing (RESTful API) using Postman
• Proven ability to find root causes of the defects, report, and track issues with test management tools: Jira/X-ray plugin/Confluence, Bugzilla, TestRail/RTC IBM (Rational Team Concert), Azure DevOps
• Risk Analysis advocate focused on product value and customer satisfaction
SKILLS
●Computer languages: Java, SQL, HTML, XML, Bash.
●Bug tracking system: JIRA Xray plugin, Bugzilla, TestRail.
●Test Frameworks: Selenium, TestNG, JUnit4, JUnit5, Rest-Assured, WireMock, BDD, Cucumber.
●Version control systems: Git, GitHub, GitLab.
●Build Tools: Maven
●Requirement and project management system: JIRA, SharePoint, Confluence, RTC IBM, Azure DevOps.
●Software: IntelliJ IDEA, Postman, SQL Developer, Azure Databricks.
●CI: Jenkins, TeamCity.
●OS: MS Windows, Mac (OS X), Linux.
●SDLC: Agile, Waterfall.
●Fluency in English and Russian.
EXPERIENCE
Senior Software Test Engineer on The Atlantic Magazine project
RE-PARTNERS - New York, USA (09/2022 – 04/2023)
●Performed functional, regression, acceptance testing of Atlantic site, publishing tools (Ollie, Hattie) and Atlantic application on mobile devices on multi browsers (Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Edge) and multi-platforms environment (iOS, Android), using SauceLabs.
●Tested Google Analytics via web console for web page and via Android Studio for mobile application.
●Created Test Cases, Test Suites for functional manual and automation testing.
●Participated in test automation (Java, Selenium WebDrvier, TestNg).

Software Testing Engineer Lead on UBS WMPC projects
EPAM SYSTEMS – New-York, USA (10/2021 – 08/2022)
●Worked with 4 projects to define strategies and approaches for testing, analyzing requirements and creating Test Strategy, Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Closure documentation.
●Planned, estimated, and performed smoke, functional, regression, acceptance and portability.
●Designed, developed, executed automation tests, reviewed, analyzed execution results and maintained of frameworks and automation suits using Java, Selenium, DDT, Rest-Assured, WireMock.
●Reported and tracked tool’s readiness to release, coordinate and obtain sign-off from Key Stakeholders.
●Worked closely with teams for analyzing defects and issues. Organized and coordinated reviews, meetings with stakeholders or team members if needed.
●Monitored the compliance of test processes in the teams with the processes established in UBS.

Leading QA Engineer / Senior Test Automation Engineer on State Street projects
SRIINFOTECH SP.Z O.O/ RANGE SOFT - Gdansk, Poland (10/2016 — 09/2021)
●Managed team of 5 people: identified risks, distributed tasks, tracked progress, motivated team members, coordinated activities with other teams, problem-solving, reporting, tracking of documentation readiness.
●Analyzed requirements, designed Test Cases, Test Suits and performed static testing of requirements, functional, business, integration, system, acceptance, and regression testing.
●Created automation tests for API using Rest-Assured and file format: JSON, XML, manual API testing using Postman, OpenAPI (Swagger) specification.
●Designed, developed, implemented and maintained test automation framework and automation tests using Page Object Model, Java, Selenium, BDD, Cucumber, Gherkin, DDT, Maven, TestNG, JDBC, SQL, Jenkins.
●Executed automation tests and suites locally, in Kubernetes / Docker Compose, VM, VirtualBox, reviewed and analyzed execution results.

QA Test Team Lead
OILSPACE INC - Moscow, Russia / London, UK (11/2003 – 12/2013)
●Managed team of 11 people: planned testing activities, distributed tasks, tracked progress, and motivated team members. Organized test processes and defect management in the team.
●Analyzed requirements, designed Test Cases, Test Suits and performed testing of requirements and functional, business, integration, system, acceptance, regression testing, database testing using SQL.
●Created automation tests for API using Rest-Assured and file format: JSON, XML, manual API testing using Postman.
●Designed, developed, implemented and maintained test automation framework using Java.
●Implemented test cycle processes and procedures, managed test cycle and improved procedures.

QA, Test Analyst
SCALA EPICOR - Moscow, Russia (11/2001 – 10/2003)
●Analyzed requirements, performed functional, business, integration, system, acceptance, regression testing.
●Investigated and analyzed of client’s issues.

CERTIFICATES
ISTQB CTFL (Certified Tester Foundation Level)
ISTQB CTAL (Advanced Level Test Manager)
ISTQB CTAL (Advanced Level Test Analyst)
EDUCATION
Hudson County Community College Jersey City, NJ
Associate of Arts, Business Administration
Expected Graduation Date: December 2024

Moscow State Humanitarian University named after M.A. Sholokhov Moscow, Russia
Masters of Applied Arts and Sciences
Contact this candidate