GODFREY WAYA
Dallas, TX 469-***-**** ad2yz6@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/godfrey-waya
Software QA Engineer
SUMMARY
● Professional Quality Assurance Engineer with 4+ years experience in a software testing industry working with web-enabling technologies.
● Create and Execute QA test plans, and test cases based on business workflow and user stories in Zephyr
● Conduct test suites for smoke, regression and functional testing in different phases of SDLC.
● Monitor bug solutions, effort and track successes.
● Leveraging my one year of experience in automation testing solutions.
● Proficiency in Java, Selenium, and associated automation technologies.
● Knowledge of object-oriented programming concepts, coding standards, and automated testing techniques.
● Ability to develop efficient and maintainable test automation frameworks.
● Basic Understanding of Functional and Regression Test Automation.
● Good knowledge on Selenium suite of Tools (Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium WebDriver and Selenium Grid).
● Knowledge of Java Programming (Data Types, Variables, Operators, Flow Control Statements, Methods (Built-in as well as User defined), Exception handling, File Handling, Excel file Operations, Database Operations and OOPS concepts)
● Good knowledge on Element Locators, Inspecting Elements and Selenium WebDriver API Commands or Methods.
● Ability to create & execute Test cases using Element Locators and Selenium WebDriver API Commands.
● Analytical forward-thinking Scrum Master offering demonstrable success leading all phases of diverse technology projects, years of computer information systems and finance experience.
● In-depth understanding of the SDLC and Agile Scrum testing methodology.
● Highly experienced in Defect Life Cycle Management. Proficient in various types of testing: Usability, Acceptance, GUI, System, Boundary, Regression, Integration, Cross Browser, Sanity, Smoke, Mobile Compatibility testing.
● Business strategist: plans and manages multimillion-dollar projects, aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage, and bottom-line gains.
● Excellent communicator: leverages technical, business, and financial insight to communicate effectively with enterprise c-suite executives and their respective teams.
● Known for ability to produce high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.
TECHNICAL AND SOFT SKILLS
● Function Test Automation Tools: Selenium.
● Programming Languages: Java.
● Testing Frameworks: Test-NG.
● Test Management: Jira, Zephyr, Confluence, Rally/Agile Central..
● Mobile testing using Android Studio, Xcode and performing beta testing using Test Flight app.
● API: Postman API.
● Database and Tools: MariaDB, PostgreSQL, DBeaver, Oracle SQL.
● Platforms: Windows, MacOS, Android, iOS.
● Web Related: HTML, CSS, Java Script.
● Chrome DevTools, Coogle Mind Map, Zoom, Teams, Slack.
● Amazon Web Services: S3, EC2, Lambda, Elastic Load Balancing, ElastiCache, Auto Scaling, Step Functions.
● Microsoft Office – Project, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access.
● Data Analysis, DevOps, System Integration, Systems testing, reporting and analysis.
● Good decision-making ability to organizational strategy.
● Demonstrable understanding and experience in working as Scrum Master.
● Ability to work on a team to facilitate, enhance product delivery.
● Knowledge of OS, databases, networks, mobile and cloud technologies.
● Analytical skills, Critical Thinker, and excellent time management skills
● Work well under pressure
● Written Communication Skills, Attention to detail and problem solving
● Risk and Time Management, Analysis and Research. WORK EXPERIENCE
Software QA Engineer
Kodeploy 08/2019 – Present
● Developed automated test scripts for web-based application using Selenium, Java, and associated technologies.
● Created detailed test plans and test cases to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the software
● Work closely with business and technology teams to determine testing requirement
● Create user stories and test cases in Jira
● Execute QA test plans and test cases based on business workflow and user stories
● Conduct test suites for smoke, regression and functional testing in different phases of SDLC
● Report status and provide recommendations on improving QA methodology and Test Environments
● Monitor bug solutions, effort and track successes
● Analyze failures and collaborate with Software Engineers to ensure the root cause is investigated
● Use SQL queries to analyze data in relational database, prepare data for testing and validate data integrity
● Performing API testing using Postman
● Perform User Acceptance testing in a staging environment and post-release verification
● Provide project and or release estimates for QA efforts and QA resource requirements
● Providing weekly testing status reports of production issues
● Interactively participate in release planning, sprint kick-off, sprint review, and retrospectives.
● Client: Bank of The West, Grapevine, Texas.
● Client: Huntington National Bank, Columbus, Ohio Delivery Associate
Diligent Delivering System 09/2018 – 08/2020
Worked with different clients, including Toyota/Lexus, to help rejuvenate the use of agile, specifically Scrum and SAFe, into the parts delivery value chain. Provided businesses with solutions for day-to-day execution and implementation of agile and scrum.
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS PROJECTS
● ISTQB Certified Tester (CTFL)
● Certified Software QA Engineer
● AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
● Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE) 11g
● Project Management Professional (PMP)
● Certified SAFe Scrum Master (SSM)
● Professional Scrum Master (PSM)
Contact this candidate