Summary
Professional experience of *+ years in effectively generating ideas and supporting building data tools to effectively automate analysis processes and repetitive tasks. Ability to design, code, and test new software or modify existing software to add new features. A broad knowledge of Linux, Windows, and Mac based operating system technology. Technical Expertise
DOMAIN SKILLS
Programming languages C, C++ JavaScript, XML, HTML, VB Scripts Enterprise DB2, TCP/IP, FTP
Operating Systems Linux, RedHat, Windows
Framework QTP, Selenium, Web Services
Professional summary
Professional Experience
FMS Pvt. Ltd Kerala, India
Quality Assurance Lead
Total 6 years of experience as a QA Engineer & worked with several projects
4 years in manual, automation testing, designing test cases, test scripts, documentation and execution.
Tested several surveys manually both screener and main surveys in several projects.
Performing system integration testing on all the questions and running end-to-end tests.
Involved in daily/weekly meetings to track status, defects and resolve all project related issues.
Performed data analysis at the end of survey testing.
Worked with members of the application development, product management, and QA teams to ensure high-quality applications.
Performed integration, functional, and regression testing while creating 1200+ regression tests in Java using the Selenium/WebDriver framework. Lead Software Engineer
Managed and executed software testing lifecycle.
Performed extensive load testing using JMeter to ensure application stability.
Developed and implemented Selenium Test Automation Framework to facilitate scripting, scalability, modularity, process definition, reusability and maintenance. Sachin Kurian
fd
Email: ad3292@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1 (945) 272-646
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sachin-kurian-b1b5842a7 US Permanent Resident
Page 2
Supported software testing with script design to automate processes.
Assisted tech support team with software testing and troubleshooting techniques.
Facilitated automated software testing with well-written and implemented test scripts. Mobile Application Lead
4 years of experience in Mobile (Android & iOS) testing.
Helped users resolve access issues for web-based, laptops and mobile applications.
Tuned applications based on customer feedback and testing, enhancing performance.
Interacted with business users on system requirements to make mobile application modifications.
Education
DEGREE UNIVERSITY
Master of Technology: Signal Processing CUSAT, Kerala, India Bachelor of Engineering: Electronics and
Communication
Anna University, Tamil Nadu, India
Accomplishments
DOMAIN DETAILS
Internship All India Radio, India
Publications IEEE Journal certification: “Recognition of Electronic Disguised Voices by the means of
MFCC”
Contact this candidate