Jira
Postman
Redmine-Defect tracking tool
Selenium
API Testing
Manual / Automation Testing
Android App Testing
Web Based Testing
Basic understanding of Database
SQL
Basic understanding of Linux
commands
MS- suite
Seven Swears
Dr Wheelz
Mr Garaz
TML
OOHHMM JEEVAN
Renu
Chaurasiya
Betviva
DTRAC
Docowin
Pammsoft Pvt Ltd - Test Engineer
Pune- 06/05/2021 - Current
Role Summary
Methodical QA professional with 2.10 years of experience in optimal testing strategies. Open and clear communicator with good multitasking skills and experienced QA with a background in writing manual and Automated test cases. Certified in Manual and Automation Testing. Skills & Responsibilities
Good knowledge of SDLC and STLC.
Analyzing the Requirement specification documents and functional specification document.
Evolving Test plans and preparing test cases.
Design Manual test cases as per requirement and Functional specification documents.
Implementing the integration and system testing as the requirement of test cases.
Having domain experience in E-commerce, Mobile App and Web- based Applications.
Testing the application by using various testing methods such as Functional, Regression, Retesting and black box testing. Validate, verify, communicate and resolve bugs through careful, thoroughly documented testing.
Experience in Automation tool using Selenium Webdriver, Esclipse. Recent Projects
Docowin (Application and Website) - Docowin is a clinic based project for doctors and patients. In this project, patients can book the appointment for the clinic and then doctor can guide them online. Responsible for Functional testing, Usability testing, Compatibility testing.
Identifying and logging issues on Redmine.
Writing and executing Test cases.
Conduct demo to the Client and solved their queries. Identify the test scenario to be automated.
Experienced in preparation of automated test script using selenium. Executing the test cases and debugging.
Seven Swears (Application and Website) - Seven Swears is an online Matrimonial Portals. This portal will enable the user to search according to their own certain criteria of qualities as the portal will provide them with a search utility function.
Responsible for Functional testing, Usability testing, Compatibility testing.
Identifying and logging issues on Redmine.
Writing and executing Test cases.
Amravati University - 2019
M.SC - Computer Science
GPA: 61.41%
Amravati University - 2017
B.C.A - Computer Science
GPA: 58.78%
PRAJAKTA
GUHE
Education
973*******
Contact
Mobile
ad36h0@r.postjobfree.com
Email
Karve Nagar, Pune
Address
Career Objective
To build a challenging career with honesty and loyalty by translating my experience, knowledge, skills and abilities into value for an organization.
Experience
Technical Skills
All Projects
Contact this candidate