ALEEM SALEEM
908-***-**** ad36h2@r.postjobfree.com jersey city, NJ

SUMMARY
Solutions-focused QA engineer with 7+ years of experience in testing across the full software life cycle including design, implementation, testing, operations, and maintenance. Experience working in an Agile development environment and participating as a Scrum team member in daily scrum, sprint planning, and retrospective meeting. Hands-on working experience with test processes, methodologies, tools, and technology, including automation testing, functional and integration testing, performance testing, back-end testing, API testing, etc. Demonstrated knowledge of software engineering best practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control, build and release processes, continuous deployment, and test suite development and maintenance. Proven track record of testing large scale flexible systems, with deep expertise in industry-standard automation testing tools and test automation frameworks, such as Cypress, Selenium, Cucumber with BDD, Maven, and Page Factory for Page Object Model (POM).
AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Agile & Scrum Methodologies
Software Development Life Cycle
Software Test Life Cycle
Test Automation Frameworks
Functional & Regression Testing
GUI & Back-end Testing
User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
Restful API Testing
Android & iOS Mobile Apps Testing
Test Scripts, Cases & Scenarios
Oracle / SQL Databases
QA Automation
Cypress / JavaScript Automation
Continuous Integration
Process Improvements

SKILLS & CORE COMPETENCIES

Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes such as HP Quality Center, Clear Quest, JIRA, and IBM rational suite
Proficient in testing applications in different software and hardware configuration platforms
Skilled in writing test cases and test scripts manually and automatically
In-depth understanding of Software Test Life Cycle (STLC) and Defect Life Cycle
Experienced in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) using Java and implemented Inheritance, Polymorphism, Encapsulation, Abstraction, and Java Collections
Proficient in writing complex SQL queries to access data from multiple tables using joins to perform database testing in Oracle and SQL server platform.
Excels at identifying areas of improvement, ensuring the highest efficiency and excellence level.
Combines leadership abilities and relationship-building skills to engage stakeholders at all levels and enable data-driven decision-making.
Detail oriented with an ability to impart knowledge across the team to enhance productivity of the team.
Ability to work independently as well as part of a collaborative team on multiple projects and priorities.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to interact with developers, product owners, business analysts, and project managers regarding testing status, maintaining detailed QA documentation, and understanding project requirements.
Solid analytical, logical thinking and problem-solving skills with ability to identify root cause, troubleshoot issues and determine appropriate solutions.
WORK EXPERIENCE
CYPRESS AUTOMATION TEST ENGINEER & Scrum Master SHAF INC – WAYNE, NJ
NOV 2020 – PRESENT
Actively involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Build and enhanced automated test framework using Cypress with Java Script.
Participated in release planning, sprint planning, daily scrum, and retrospective in agile scrum environment.
Designed and developed Test Plan, Test Cases, and Automated Test Scripts.
Facilitated Release Planning Sessions: Collaborated with team and business owner to determine what will be release and when it will be release.
Performed Smoke, Functional, Integration, System, User Acceptance, Regression, Positive, negative, and GUI testing.
Developed Java Script programs to enhance the test framework.
Ensure automated script works properly by locating elements using CSS Selectors and Page Object Model (POM).
Developed Java Script code for collections including objects, Arrays, Functions etc.
Created cypress projects in command line, and Bit Bucket repository to manage codes.
Developed test cases and performed integration testing of the combined software modules and tested as a group.
Performed End-to-End testing considering all interfaces and subsystem for functional and non-functional testing.
Performed cross-browser testing for the web interface.
Performed Restful API testing using Rest Assured.
Performed query operations on Oracle to do data validation. Used standard SQL functions and commands to develop SQL queries.
Developed and executed complex SQL queries to create and modify test data.
Generated status reports and Defect reports and presented them in weekly status meetings.
Interacted with developers and business analysts to assessed functional requirements.
Followed up with the developers on defects status on a daily basis and generate reports for management.
Write manual test cases in ALM.
In team SCRUM MASTER role, I was responsible for handling Daily Stand Up’s, Sprint Refinement Sessions, Sprint Demo, and Sprint Retro.
Making sure all the stories are completed in same sprint unless there is any blocker or big point story.
Collaborated with Product Owner to refine and prioritize the product backlog ensuring alignment with business goals and customer needs.
SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEER WELLS FARGO BANK – CHARLOTTE, NC
MAY 2020 – OCT 2020

Participated in release planning, sprint planning, daily scrum, and retrospective in agile scrum environment.
Communicated with Developers, Product owner (PO), Business Analyst (BA)Technical Project Managers and Product Managers to understand fast changing project requirements.
Designed and Developed Test Plan, Test Cases, Test Scripts and performed Manual testing on the entire Application.
Performed Smoke, Functional, Integration, System, User Acceptance, Regression, and GUI testing.
Developed and documented Standard Testing Procedures for Manual Testing.
Executed the Test Scenarios, analyzed the actual results against the expected results to each GUI objects.
Performed sophisticated Regression, Functional, User Acceptance, and Integration Testing.
Developed automated scripts using java in Selenium Web Driver with maven, cucumber, and Test NG.
Performed test automation Development using test framework that implements Page Object Model (POM), cucumber feature files, and Test NG configuration files.
Used Continuous Integration Tools (Jenkins) for automation script run in nightly basis and to provide quick feed back to the developers.
Implemented Maven for Project building, and Git for code management repository.
Submitted the defect reports, and communicated issues to business, engineering, and management using JIRA.
Worked extensively on performing Mobile web and native App testing for Android, and IOS.
Developed complex SQL queries to validate data in databases for Oracle and SQL Server.
Worked closely and independently with various teams including development and management.
Led 2-3 junior QA team member for smaller or part of project to achieve results.
QA TESTER CITY NATIONAL BANK – NEWARK, NJ
JAN 2018 – APR 2020
Analyze, design and build testing procedures that deliver the client’s goals and provide our clients with maximum value.
Managed the Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) of requirements and test cases.
Analyzed the Functional Requirements and Design Specifications documents to ensure that the system met all of the technical and business requirements of the applications.
Manually generate and implement templates for Test Plan, Test Cases, and Test Scripts and performed Manual Testing on the entire application.
Developed automated scripts for functional and regression testing utilizing HP's Quick Test Pro (QTP).
Responsible for application features and preparing several Test plans and Test cases, Test scripts for Unit, Integration, System, User Acceptance, Functional and Regression testing.
Worked closely with software developers, business analysts, Sys Admin, and other project management personnel involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Performed back-end testing by verifying the data in the Oracle Database.

AUTOMATION TEST ANALYST PFIZER – NEW YORK, NY
APR 2017 – DEC 2017
The Asset Management system is to keep track of all the software and Hardware assets which Pfizer uses for managing the global business.
The business flow consists of scanning hardware, building client data, engagements, building database and maintenance.
Working mode - Agile process and scrums. Reporting Daily progress in Rally and discuss during the sprint's Story Grooming, Demo and Retrospective meetings.
Develops automation test strategy generated scripts to perform automated testing cycles using Selenium Web Driver, Java, TestNG & Apache POI following Page Object Model Design (POM) design Pattern.
Used Gherkins Syntax to test the behaviors of the Application (BDD), using Cucumber with Junit,
Maven, Selenium (Web) and STS (IDE) with java language
Implemented Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Concepts using Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading and Collections
Identified web elements with dev-tools for Selenium, developed script with Java.
Wrote functions for business logic, enhanced, synchronized, and debugged scripts to save.
time for regression tests and Functional tests
Provided Demo’s to Product Owners at the end of every Sprint
responsible to work on enhancement of the Automation framework

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

SOFTWARE TESTING TOOLS

Cypress
Test Project
Selenium WebDriver
TestNG
Junit
Apache POI
Gherkin
Cucumber
Firebug
Extent Reports
HP-Quality Center
ALM
JIRA
Appium

ENVIRONMENT

Windows 10 Pro
Selenium
Cypress
Postman
JavaScript
Typescript
Swagger
Bitbucket
ReactJS
IOT
Agile
POM
Test Cases
Test Scenarios
QTP
Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM)
SDLC

DATABASES

Oracle 10g/11g
Microsoft SQL Server
MS Access
DEVELOPMENT TOOLS

VS Code
Eclipse
NetBeans
Oracle SQL Developer
TOAD
Maven
Git
Jenkins

OPERATING SYSTEMS

MS DOS
Windows
Mac OS
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION

CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER SCRUM ALLIANCE

2022
BACHELOR'S SCIENCE IN COMPUTER SCIENCES SOUTH ASIA UNIVERSITY – PAKISTAN

2007
WORK STATUS
US CITIZEN
Contact this candidate