Satyandra Manandhar
Email: ad39y8@r.postjobfree.com
Cell : 937-***-****
OBJECTIVE
I am seeking a challenging opportunity to apply my quality assurance expertise in a dynamic institution that is committed to continuous improvement and to providing high calibre solutions to meet customer needs and requirements.
Professional Summary
Skilled QA Engineer with over 9 years of experience in Quality Assurance and Software Testing
Experience on both Web-Based and client server Applications.
Strong knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Extensive knowledge of QA Standards methodology, QA framework, and QA process.
Strong analytical and QA testing skills
Experienced in Manual testing with tools such as Quality Center (ALM), JIRA, SWAGGER, POSTMAN and SOAPUI
Excellent Knowledge of Waterfall and agile models of SDLC.
Created test Plans, Test Scenarios, Test Cases according to Business, Functional and User Requirement Specifications and Writing Test Scripts and Reports.
Extensive experience in designing Test Scenarios & converting them to Test Cases, generating, maintaining and analyzing tests.
Experience in developing and maintaining Test Scripts, analyzing bugs and interacting with development team members in fixing the defects.
Proficient knowledge in various types of Software Testing such as Black box testing, System Testing, Negative testing, Performance Testing, Smoke Testing, Regression Testing, ETL Testing, System Integration Testing, End to End Testing etc.
Well versed with defect tracking tools Quality Center/ ALM, and JIRA. Used Soap UI, Swagger Postman for web testing.
Participated in bug meetings with developers to validate the severity of the bug. Manually retested the application for smoke testing and regression testing.
Strong skills in Back-End testing using SQL queries to ensure data integrity.
Good understanding of Health Insurance portability and accountability act (HIPAA) 5010 version.
Strong knowledge of HIPAA 5010 EDI transaction such as 270/271, 276/277, 834, 835/837.
Good understanding on International Classification of Diseases 10 (ICD10), conversion from ICD 9 to ICD 10.
Excellent communication and analytical skills, ability to learn quickly and apply knowledge effectively.
Worked independently and in a team environment and able to establish excellent relations with clients and team members. Work extremely well under pressure.
Excellent team player, self-motivated, quick learner and trouble-shooting capabilities.

Technical Skills:
Defect Tracking Tool: HP ALM/ Quality Center, Jira
Languages: SQL
Web Technologies: XML, HTML
Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, UNIX
Professional Experiences

Software Quality Analyst
CareSource - Dayton, OH Sep 2018 to Nov 2023
CareSource is a nationally recognized and a leading healthcare coverage provider in the healthcare industry in providing member-centric health care coverage. I had an opportunity to work on multiple projects/teams. Enterprise Reporting Application developed on a .net framework, SSRS framework. The application is used to produce reports to meet contractual and state obligations. The application is used to provide reports to the providers of various markets who have contracts with Care Source. I worked as a Software Quality Analyst in testing various PowerBI dashboards and Excel Dashboards.
Validating the dashboards produced against the database. Tested and verified the Source to target mapping documents, data dictionary etc.

Responsibilities

Worked with team members, developers and department managers to develop, maintain, implement and execute the quality assurance process
Developed routine tests and coordinated the testing efforts for all assigned applications and code base
Assisted in the requirements gathering process
Coordinated, Worked and assisted the UAT team/ Business Owners and End Users on their UAT and certification testing.
Formulating detailed Test Plan using HP Quality Center (QC), after analyzing functional and software requirement artifacts.
Created and executed numerous Test case based on the functional requirement of the project.
Performed numerous manual testing of the application.
Obtained and documented business and system requirements
Provided requirements to development teams and participated in collaborative design sessions
Created and documented test cases for all requirements
Managed and executed testing for all test cases include integration, certification, user acceptance, system, regression, end to end and load tests
Monitored, measured, and reported metrics based on the results of all tests
Measured, evaluated and tested new or enhanced features, software programs and software development procedures to verify that the tool functions according to the business user requirements.
Verified quality standards and test procedures for program design and product evaluation in order to economically and efficiently attain high quality software
Followed Company established quality assurance practices, quality controls and documentation procedures
Developed and maintained manual test plans for user interface, functionality, system and "ad-hoc testing"
Executed regression tests, functional tests and data tests
Performed Back-End integration testing to ensure data consistency on front-end by executing SQL statements on the Database
Contributed to maintain, review test cases of various project team.
Tested PowerBI Dashboards and Excel Dashboards.
Reported, Tracked and determined the priority of reported bugs promoting quality achievement and performance improvement
Collated and analyzed performance data and charts against defined parameters
Ensured tests and procedures are properly understood, carried out and evaluated and that product modifications are investigated
Monitored performance by gathering relevant data and producing statistical reports
Conducted various tests on the application to make sure it is performing properly and as expected by the business users.
Completed tests to determine weaknesses in software code
Reviewed new or modified enhancements in the application, including documentation, diagram, and flow chart, to determine that the application is performing according to user requests and standards and conform to guidelines
Recommended software improvements or corrections to developers
Identified program processing errors
Identified differences between established standards and user applications and suggested modifications to conform to standards
Conducted compatibility tests
Conducted performance load testing
Wrote documentation to describe program evaluation, testing, and correction
Evaluated proposed software or software enhancement for feasibility

QA Analyst
Cigna Healthcare - Hartford, CT Nov 2016 to July 2018
Cigna Healthcare is a global health insurance company. Cigna was implementing FACETS system that could initiate all the necessary procedures, standardizes and validates the data according to HIPAA regulations. I worked as a Tester for testing different ETL packages built on SSIS and Informatica. I was involved in various projects from testing the load from various different sources to the EDW, creating flat/xml/dat/csv files and sending it to various parties (state/internal) etc.

Responsibilities
Developed Test Plans, test scripts and executed the test scripts for data load to EDW
Thorough out the project in various iterations/Sprints – conducted system testing, integration testing, functional testing and integration testing.
Developed complex SQL queries for querying data against different data bases for data verification process.
Prepared the Test Plan and Testing Strategies for Data Warehousing Application
Developed ETL test scripts based on technical specifications/Data design documents and Source to Target mappings.
Extensively interacted with developers, business& management teams to understand the OPM project business requirements and ETL design document specifications.
Participated in regular project status meetings and QA status meetings.
Extensively used and developed SQL scripts/queries in backend testing of Databases.
Written test cases to test the application in Quality Center (ALM)
Defects identified in testing environment are communicated to the developers using Quality Center – Defects module.
Prepared daily status reports with details of executed, passed, and failed test cases and defect status.
Tested a number of complex ETL mappings, mapplets and reusable transformations for daily data loads.
Creating test cases for ETL mappings and design documents for production support
Setting up, monitoring and using Job Control System in Development/QA/Prod
Extensively worked with flat files and excel sheet data sources. Wrote scripts to test the flat files data in the databases,
Scheduling and automating jobs to be run in a batch process
Effectively communicate testing activities and findings in oral and written formats
Worked with ETL groups and Acquisition team and business analyst for understating mappings for dimensions and facts
Extracted data from various sources like Oracle, flat files and DB2 server.
Worked on issues with migration of Data from development to QA-Test Environment
Extensively tested several Business Objects Reports.

Environment: Windows, MS Office, JAVA, TOAD, .NET, HP ALM/QC, UAT, GUI, SIT, Jira, Agile.

QA Tester
Health Plan Services,
Tampa, FL Sep 2014 –Sep 2016
HealthPlan Services (HPS) is the nation’s largest independent provider of sales, benefits administration, retention, reform and technology solutions to the insurance and managed care industries. The new application also allows the Providers to track and manage the status of a health benefit claims. As a QA, I was involved in testing Claims Processing (EDI 837), Health Care Benefit Enrollment and Maintenance (EDI 834), ETL packages.

Responsibilities:
Followed HIPAA implementation guides for preparing the EDI files. Worked on EDI Transactions (834, 837, 835) for the test scenarios.
Participated in requirement walkthroughs and creation of test plan
Involved in preparing Test Cases based on business requirements.
Authored and executed Test cases for Claims and Customer Service Workflow manually.
Validated the data in the database using SQL scripts.
Followed Workgroup for Facets Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) standards for testing that need to comply with the HIPAA guidelines.
Maintained Traceability matrix and Test Matrix
Maintained various versions of Test Scripts. Performed Sanity Testing and Smoke Testing in Agile environment.
Investigating software bugs and reporting to the developers using HP ALM Defect Module.
Involved in testing the Claim Processing (EDI 837) and Health Care Benefit Enrollment (834).
Involved in automation testing of web applications using Silk Test and Rational Robot
Involved in FACETS Implementation, involved end to end testing of FACETS workflow, Claim Processing and Health Care Benefit Enrollment and Maintenance Module.
Working very closely with Production Support team in testing all the Emergency Change Requests/Tickets opened by the developers to validate the code change which was tested and verified in UAT environment before pushing the code in Production.

Environment: Microsoft Office suit, SQL, SIT, UAT, TFS, .NET, C#, Silk, HP ALM/QC, Agile Scrum.

Education
Bachelor of Business Studies, 2009
Tribhuvan University, Nepal
Contact this candidate