Satvinder Singh
(US Citizen)
Phone: 301-***-**** Email: ad3bks@r.postjobfree.com
Summary

Automation QA Engineer (SDET) with diverse IT experience – Finance, Healthcare, Mortgage, Banking (primary and secondary), Broadcast Media, Utility and Retail Sites.
Hands on Experience in leading and implementing SDLC and testing in Cloud AWS, Azure, GUI, Database, ETL, Big data, Hadoop, White Box / Black Box, Progression, Regression Testing of Client/Server, Stand-alone, APIs and Web based applications testing on Windows and Unix platforms.
Trained in Snowflake to handle all aspects of data and analytics.
Have experience in ETL/ Database Testing in various domains including Banking, Health Care, Finance.
Have experience in Page Object Model.
Involved in identifying Test Automation Scenarios and assigning them to the team.
Attended Backlog grooming, Sprint Planning, Daily Scrums, Sprint Retrospective meetings to ensure product development with quality.
Handled ETL Testing projects individually.
Experienced validating XML Schema/ XMLs and XML Parsers.
Well experienced in Database/Backend testing of RDBMS, Postgres, Snowflake and writing queries.
Highly accomplished as a QA Engineer and Test Developer (SDET) with record of accomplishments, managing complex IT projects, and exceeding expectations.
Executing test automation scripts/cases, identify/log issues, and provided support during issue resolution process.
Analyzed and identified suitable opportunities for test automation.
Provided technical leadership to a team to build automation framework for media application which improved the efficiency of the development of automation for scripts.
Experience in build tools such as Maven, adding dependencies and maintaining pom.xml file.
Experience in developing scripts in HTML, XML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript.
Worked very closely with the Dev Ops team in Agile methodology for deploying and building the Automation Scripts in Continuous integration (CI)using Jenkins.
Demonstrable understanding of code repository strategies, code promotion strategies and recovery using (TFS).
Profound experience in performing UAT, Back-end, ETL Testing and Business Validations.
Extensively used test management tools such as JIRA, Service Now and QC for test Management.
Experienced data validation by writing complex SQL queries and debugging logs on UNIX servers/host machines.
Experienced in leading offshore teams and coordinating on regular basis.
Good understanding of Software development life cycle (SDLC), Product development life cycle (PDLC) with thorough knowledge of Release-cycles and Patches.
Expertise in System, Component Integrated, Unit, Regression, Iteration and Parallel Testing with Defect Co-ordination / Tracking / Reporting and in-depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Expertise in testing Client/Server, GUI and Internet / Intranet based business applications including development, documentation and maintenance of Requirements, Test Plans, Scenarios, Cases and Scripts.
Skilled in Manual and Automated testing using HP (/Mercury), IBM (/Rational) and open-source QA Tools.
Proficient in testing Java, C++, HTML, IBM ILOG JRules, IBM BPM-Lombardi, TIBCO, AUTOSYS, VB, .Net (VB/ASP), VB scripting, JavaScript, Python and Oracle applications.

Technical Skills
Methodologies AGILE, Waterfall
Web design HTML, DHTML, JSP, XML, ASP.NET, React
Programming Languages Java, Python, C#, SQL, PL/SQL, Visual Basic, .Net,
Automation Tools Selenium WebDriver
Frameworks Pytest, TestNG, JUnit
Scripting JavaScript, Typescript, VB Script, UNIX Script, JSON Editor, Cucumber, Pytest
Databases MS SQL Server, Rapid SQL Server, Oracle, Hadoop, PostgreSQL, Snowflake
Operational Systems Windows 7 & 10 Enterprise, UNIX, Linux, BASH, GIT
Testing Tools QC, QTP, UFT, SoapUI, Ruby Mine, Selenium, Swagger UI, Protractor, Postman
Test Reporting Tools Quality Center, JIRA, Bugzilla, TFS, Trello, Service Now, VSTS, Azure

Education
BSc in Computer Science, University of Maryland, MD 2001

Professional Experience

Freddie Mac, VA October 2021 – Till Date
QA Lead / Automation Engineer

Worked on Idea Work Bench application to create/manage Notebook servers hosted on AWS.
Verified synching Modal is working properly, the NBS created in Kubernetes- iweb Kubeflow (Enterprise Editions) flows to Idea Workbench (in house applications) on regular basis.
Performed data validation on the Server, Projects, Snowflake DB.
Closely went through the Data Model and created much needed ER Diagram to understand the Relation of various tables/fields (Parent/Child/Orphaned Records).
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to implement continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines.
Responsible for creating test scenarios for user stories and creating automation test suites using Python Selenium WebDriver.
Created Python Classes, methods and Pytest framework using IDE Pycharm.
Implemented robust test automation strategies using pytest framework, significantly reducing manual testing efforts by 50%.
Ensured that data can be successfully loaded into a Pandas DataFrame from various sources (CSV, Excel, SQL databases).
Checked for correct handling of data types during the loading process.
Verified the correctness of sorting operations on the data.
Checked if sorting is consistent and preserves the relationships within the data.
Installed all the libraries needed for the Database connections
Used SQLAlchemy to connect to a database and execute SQL queries..
Used SQLAlchemy to execute SQL queries and Pandas to update the data.
Used SQLAlchemy to insert or update data in the database.
Ensured handle database credentials securely and avoid hardcoding.
Tested ETL processes thoroughly, before applying changes to a production database.
Verified the correctness of Business Object Reports, designs and layouts against the provided specifications.
Confirmed that report elements (tables, charts, graphs) are aligned with business expectations.
Validated the accuracy of data presented in reports by comparing it with the expected results.
Checked for data aggregations, calculations, and filtering.
Tested the functionality of various reporting features, such as drill-downs, sorting, filtering, and exporting options.
Ensure that users can interact with and manipulate the reports as intended.
Developed and maintained comprehensive test suites using pytest fixtures, parametrization, and markers to ensure extensive code coverage and reliability.
Integrated pytest with continuous integration (CI) tools- Jenkins CI/CD pipelines, streamlining the testing process and enabling faster feedback loops.
Conducted performance testing with pytest-benchmark, identifying critical bottlenecks and optimizing code for enhanced system performance.
Collaborated closely with development teams to establish testing standards, participated in code reviews, and provided test data for test-driven development (TDD) effort.
Executed test cases and reported bugs, ensuring high-quality software deliverables.
Mentored junior team members in Selenium best practices and coding standards.
Performed data clean, determined orphaned records and fixed data integrity.
Created complex queries, joined several tables to maintain data integrity.
Performed automation testing using Carat Tool developed using Python for Data validation between multiple databases sitting on different servers- On Premises (BDAP) with the Cloud (Snowflake).
Performed dataflow mapping in application and Snowflake tables based on selections and scenarios.
Tested in both Prod and Non-Prod Environment (VM Ware Client).
Executed full suite of test scenarios and individual methods using @pytest.mark.skip/Ex.fail capabilities.
Completing Training and gave KT to the newly hired Dev/ BA for the application/setup and needed accesses.
Provided updates in Agile daily meeting work done on previous day/ Planned for today / and if any impediments.
Created Jira tickets for the defects.
Created PPT Slides/Pie Chart of the defects categorized by application pages for the higher management.
Provided valuable input to the team in agile Retrospective meetings.
Regularly met with Scrum master to help him to organize defects/ Stories in Jira Boards accordingly to the Sprint.
Created Stories / Sub Task and assigned Story points.
Handled multiple Projects concurrently and managed time to meet deadlines for all the initiatives.
Performed validation on XPATH- followed XML Schema/XPATH to check source attributes in xml and then compared them to the data in target tables.
Verified data row count and data to find flaws and glitches in data migration and reported to the team.
Configured config file for the ODBC and Snowflake connections to enable the system to ingest input from database and perform comparison locally.
Performed deep analysis into found issues and helped dev team to debug by providing analysis/details about the found issue.
Discussed issues in the technical discussions and made suggestions for the possible reasons of failures such as Database, Platform, UI etc.
Performed API testing from browser Dev tools, confirmed the core issues.
When performing actions in the application checked the dev tool- request/ response failures/ payload.
Check the application failures in log file and provide exact location of problem to the dev team.
Confirmed that data returned by the API for the application is accurate and meets expectations.
Performed setup/ software Installation and ran the application locally to test the latest code before getting deployed to the servers.
Helped other testers to do local setup of the working application and wrote step by step document to help onboarding resources.
Very active communicator and always kept healthy and friendly environment in the team.
Performed extensive API testing request/response check using Postman.
Extensively used POST and GET APIs to send and receive data.
Performed complete End to End Testing by verifying UI then Calls in Dev Tool (Network), then DB.
Verified API cookies are sent with request and response contains same cookie along with the expected data.
Monitor APIs, while application is running and provide exact details of the issues in APIs.
Provided details of the issues to the dev team for Front End/APIs/DB/failing Calls (Dev Tool) to make dev fixing easier and efficient.
Participated in mid-sprint/ End of Sprint Demo and showed discovered issues along with the working application.
Made sure the application is working with no issues on Front End/ API/ DB and the performance is as expected.
Identified positive and negative test scenarios, security testing, performance testing, and edge cases.
Determined which tests / features are critical and need to be prioritized.
Verify that API endpoints return the expected responses for valid input.
Test error handling for invalid or missing parameters.
Validate the correctness of status codes, response headers, and payload.
Performed extensive Data Validation in Snowflake and wrote complex queries.
Created DDLs and made sure tables/ columns/ fields are properly working.
Held Application Demo sessions for the Management.
Helped Developers debug the issues and provided all the needed support.
Wrote out of box testing scenarios to check application robustness.
Extensively used Jira to log defects and retest Process.
Performed regression testing at high level after each deployment.
Utilized downtime to analyze overall testing process and how to make improvements.
Created sql Test data in various tables for the developer.
Moved data from Prod to Non-Prod and Maintained data integrity.
Used VLOOKUP, to find / prepare data for Bulk data testing.
Created/ Massaged/ updated data to have all the Testing scenarios covered.
In touch with developers throughout the day for the critical defects effecting release.
Provided run through of the test to dev to understand how bug appears.
Maintained friendly environment in the team to attain goal of defect less/high quality application.
Always brought positive energy in the team.

Jellyfish, VA June 2021 – October 2021
Senior QA Engineer
BOAFIT/Mylicon

Performed testing on Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Safari, IOS, Android.
Automated using Codecept JS Framework, maintained/Updated JS scripts.
Performed extensive content testing in Drupal and created Jira tickets for defects.
Created/updated content/data in Drupal.
Performed testing in CkEditor, Wiziwag and verified the changes in content are reflected on the site.
Tested site contents/features for various regions, countries, and languages.
Tested different languages and Translation functionality.
Performed testing on the Majento Dashboard for contents, sales orders and cron jobs updates.
Verified placed orders on the store portal reflects in Majento,
Performed End to End Testing and reported Defects in Jira.
Provided valuable input in Backlog Grooming/Sprint Planning/Daily Scrums/Retrospective meetings.
Tested newly added functionality to the BOAFIT Site and reported the defects.
Performed concurrent testing with Dev, while Dev is in Debug mode to help Dev identify core problems in the code.
Performed extensive testing on Securing data, identified Masking issues and retested fixes.
Used Google Docs and Slack extensively for communication in the team and setup groups chats when testing in progress to make communication efficient.

BGE, MD Jan 2020 – June 2021
Senior Test Consultant
BGE- ChatBot

Worked on Artificial Intelligence Chat Bot Project using Botium framework.
Performed complete Botium framework/Selenium setup on Visual Code.
Cloned, configured, and executed test cases and created Test Data in flat files.
Updated scripts in Package.json files and made sure dependencies are correctly defined.
Performed Browser and Headless testing.
Worked extensively on NodeJS, NPM, Git, and performed git pull/push, merge, commit commands.
Installed selenium using npm commands.
Performed complete setup of Nodejs, installations using npm and npm init.
Used nodejs framework for front end as well as backend scripting.
Ran/Updated Azure Pipelines for continuous integration to trigger build using ubuntu and YML file.
Wrote commands in Ubuntu Linux for the pipelines.
Worked on the Botium Framework for the Chatbot project.
Created Test data for Chatbot and utterances files.
Ran commands in Linux to complete framework setup.
Used nodejs for server side scripting and testing.
Wrote and debugged code for errors identified when running the test.
Estimated, prioritized, planned, and coordinated quality testing activities.
Extensively worked on Reporting Outages and Bill Payments.
Created Test Suites, Test Plans, Test Cases on Microsoft Azure develops.
Wrote Protractor framework to perform end-to-end testing.
Wrote configuration and Spec files.
Executed Test Cases in Azure and reported Bugs.
Accessed User Stories in Azure and linked the defects and Test cases.
Accessed GIT through Azure and cloned the Master Folder.
Used Protractor Framework with JavaScript and extensively used Visual Code.
Initiated Git Pull requested everyone to sync local with updates.

BGE Application
Performed cross browser testing for Chrome, IE, Firefox, Safari, IOS, Android.
Tested applications deployed on Azure in Test/Stage/Prod.
Performed End to End Testing and reported Defects.
Analyzed/identified/Automation Scenarios for user stories.
Provided valuable input Backlog Grooming/Sprint Planning/Daily Scrums/retrospective meetings.
Validated XML/Schema/Parsers.
Tested newly added functionality to the BGE Site and reported the defects.
Checked on Context Id’s for the functionality issues and provided to the Dev team to check logs.
Ran concurrently test with Dev, while Dev is in Debug mode to help Dev identify issues.
Performed Webservice testing, verified the data in Service Requests is as expected.
Performed extensive testing on Securing data, identified Masking issues and retested fixes.
Performed JAWS testing to make sure client with special need can read/understand contents.
Tested Covid19 Emergency changes on the BGE Site (Late payments fees/Disconnection Suspension, Payment arrangements etc.)
Used Microsoft Teams for communication and setup groups chats when testing to make communication efficient.
Performed testing on Mobile Apps for iPhone and Android.
Worked on multiple OPCOS and made sure, changes to the functionality are reflecting all across.

Environment: Protractor, JavaScript, Cucumber, Selenium, CI/CD, UNIX, Linux, Windows, Oracle, SharePoint, Agile Scrum, Azure, Cloud testing, Cross Browser, iPhone, IPAD, Android, Web Services, REST APIs, XML Spy, QC, Postman API, Windows.

Discovery Communications, MD Oct 2015 – Dec2019
Senior QA Tester
Tested Commercials/Programs/Break format/Schedule/Templates. Reviewed quality specifications and technical design documents. Estimated, prioritized, planned, and coordinated quality testing activities.
Extensively worked on Service Now.
Tested and verified employee data coming from downstream such as Identity (IDN) come to the Service now for New Hires, Terminations and Data Updates.
Tested the various components of system, Integration, functionality, User Interfaces and Security of the web application. using Selenium Web driver.
Developed Data driven frameworks using Selenium with Java.
Executed test automation scripts/cases, identify/log issues, and provide support during issue resolution process.
Attended Backlog grooming, Sprint Planning, Daily Scrums, Sprint Retrospective meetings to ensure product development with quality.
Experience in validating XML and XML Schema, XML Parser.
Worked on IE, Firefox, and Chrome Driver.
Experience in writing CSS Selectors, XPath expressions to identify web elements.
Designed automation test plan, automation test suites and implemented them using JAVA.
Involved in providing KT for the on-board resources.
Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API.
Tested the responsible person at Service Now can Process the requests and complete the request.
Tested the updates and email Notification with desired formats are sent/ received by requested agent.
Created EC2 instances. Setup servers for AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud computing and created/ launched instances in AWS. Perform configuration on AWS Cloud Computing (Security Setup, configure instances/Adding Storage etc.). Trained other team members on Amazon Web Services.
Verified the list of the Thumbnails are successfully migrated to the AWS-S3 bucket.
Verified Thumbnails are migrated to the AWS S3 bucket in correct path and are viewable/ downloadable.
Verified S3 bucket path with the API in prod.
Verified object Ids are playing in Hive Video and the thumbnail displays as were in S3 bucket.
Actively Participated in Agile grooming session and provided valuable input.
Provided LOE for testing end to end.
Used S3 bucket as repository to store metadata.
Stored websites/data on S3 bucket and accessed/retrieved data when needed.
Used csv/flat files for the output of objects and corresponding metadata on a daily basis for an S3 bucket.
Used Swagger UI for API Testing in JSON format
Sent Requests in Parameters form such as callsign, start date, end date etc.
Verified the generated Curl commands.
Verified the generated response in Response Body with the changes and expected updates.
Verified the JSON updated format, new field addition and assignment of values.
Migrated data from various data Sources using Swagger to Hive QA for testing,
verified the count/data migrated by GCR-Migration-API from Data Source matches to the data successfully migrated in Target location.
Used Jason Editor Online to view data and is as expected.
Performed API testing at the messaging layer and verified the request/respond received.
Tested REST-based Web services with output data in CSV, JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) and Really Simple Syndication (RSS).
Ran Regression/Smoke test scenarios on getting the drop, developed web pages and wrote shell scripts. Perform extensive Interface testing on the Discovery newly developed single complex systems capable of ingestion of data and placing on the Schedule.
Created commercial breaks on Program and made sure, the commercial breaks are accurately slotted. Uploaded the XML files to the Discovery On-air System, containing Data of the commercial breaks and Advertiser/Agency/Brand information.
Wrote Unix Scripts to automate testing and make testing more efficient. Accessed Log files to check for the errors and reported to the Dev team for the fix. Performed test result validation, usability, stress testing and ensured that the software met the system requirements. Analyzed and defined existing data for completeness & testability.

Rights Logic (Rights Out and Rights In)
Contracts are created for ‘Rights Out’ and ‘Right In’. ‘Right In’ is when the Rights are bought and ‘Right Out’ when the rights are given out for the show to run on the channel.
Made sure contract has all the information as required and they are accurate. Made sure that the TV channels, VOD, Free TV etc. are all categorized in the expected category and dependencies between Media rights and transmission are met.
Tested on the shuffling of the Tree Nodes between the Media Right and Transmission (Packages) and Business Rules requirements are met for the Channel, VOD etc., Created Issues and cards in Trello. Designed and customized board in Trello according to the need of the Project.
Worked closely with Business Owners and Project manager to make sure the project doesn’t have outstanding issues and is flawless. Wrote and executed very detail level testing on Right Logic to make sure all the contracts are properly defined, spread and broken across Right Logic application and user can access by searching the main key word and values as defined in the dropdowns and filters.
Met with Business Owners to provide details on testing strategy and performed demos while testing. Worked late hours to complete Testing activities and involved with offsite Team to resolve issues.
BTS (Broadcast Trafficking System) offshore Project based in Italy- Cloud Testing
Worked with the offshore team located in Italy and London, worked in Italy hours from US. Held weekly checkpoint calls to keep updated on any advancements and changes happening offshore to the requirements.
Pushed offshore team to create Plan for release and wrote Test Plan accordingly. Wrote regression and new functionality test cases. Application was migrated to Cloud. Performed rigorous testing on migrated application on Cloud and made sure nothing is broken.
Wrote test cases for cloud testing for version 6. Quick Learner, was given major projects to be understood and test in short time, completed task before time. Worked directly with directors and VPs on the major projects and provided status updates to higher management. Handled multiple projects simultaneously and completed on time.
Deal Builder/Ideal Report Testing
Report Testing- Migration (JBvOSS to Docker (Tomcat server)). Tested crystal reports generated based on the selection of criteria. Tested reports on JBOSS Server, then the same reports are tested after it is migrated to the Dockers on Tomcat Severs.
Verified there is complete migration of front end and all the data is migrated to the Dockers. Verified data in Tables and changes to DB. Modified the URLs in Tables so that the report gets generated and available at the required location (URL). Met deadlines and reported issues to the developers.
Presented Report generation and showed where and how the reports failed. Exported the reports to various output formats, Excel/PDF/RTF and compared reports with tools and manually.
Reported Issues to Developers in very understandable information, by providing all the steps, screenshots, criteria selections in excel document. Wrote queries in SQL and compared Report Data with DB.
Identity (SAP/Sail Point/ServiceNow Project)
Data Testing (DDT). Worked on Identity Project (IDN), for verifying the Data Flow. Made sure the Data flow is accurate, the data is pushed from SAP to SailPoint to Services Now on Cloud.
Closely went through the Provisioning Flow Diagram for Fieldglass->Success Factor->IDN->SAILPOINT->Profiles.
Met deadlines of the Tasks assigned on Microsoft Planner. Verified the data is transferred and available on different interfaces and is accordance to the mapping of fields as designed. Met with the Team every morning and updated on the testing status.
Took a data dump from Prod (SAP) and from Identity (Sail Point) every morning and verified the data is completely and accurately transferred to downstream interfaces. Held Skype Meetings and presented testing data and demo to the team of issues discovered.
Configured Softerra LDAP Browser software for Active Directory (AD) access and mapping. Created Test Plan, Test Scenarios for the Testing and presented the documentation to the Team.
Verified that the User has been created in SailPoint IDN system
Created Request Tickets and verified Request is opened for user with Request Number shown on Form.
Verified that User has role that allows Backend access to open Request.
Verified that Scheduled Task form closes, and Requested Item and Request are automatically closed.

DMC Project
Created Screening Rooms for testing and uploaded the Prod video files. Ran DB query in QA Environment.
Installed and configured Bash on PC. Launched Bash terminal and fired Curl commands.
Launched Rabbit MQ and verified in Queue tab number appears for dmc transcode increments. Tested and made sure that the user can view the DMC video using Chrome and IE for both in DMC and Hive. Tested .wmv files conversion to .mov files for compatibility.
Performed testing on the migration of audio and video files from DMC System to Hive System for centralization and simplification effort. Played videos to test files conversion from .wmv to .mov and made sure they are playable in the Chrome as well as IE browser.
Performed Cross Browser testing on various Browsers with different resolutions.
Performed Mobile testing on IOS and Android phones.
Tested the IOS(IPhone/IPAD) app is fully functional, and all the requirements are met.
Tested IPhone for the Resume/Play functionality while network is switched from Wi-Fi to cellular and vice-versa.
Performed stress testing on IOS devices by downloading large video files and verified system does not crash.
Performed testing on multi-tasking of IOS by playing/downloading on videos files on IPhone at same time and noticed behavior (crash/time/hanging etc.)
Environment: J2EE, PowerBuilder, UNIX, Linux, TOAD, SharePoint, Agile Scrum, Softerra LDAP Browser, MySQL, Oracle, Windows 7, AWS, Cloud testing, Cross Browser, iPhone, Python, IPAD, Android, Trello, AWS, Web Services, PostgreSQL, REST, XML Spy, QC, CFG, Oracle, Postman API.

Fannie Mae, Reston, VA Apr 2014 – Oct 2015
Senior QA Analyst/Tester
OOR Data Center (Out of Region) Disaster Recovery
Performed business/system requirements analysis and review. Perform Shakeout testing and created/tracked issues for the failed test cases. Created Change Requests and Incident Tickets for Prod testing.
Wrote and executed test cases and performed Regression testing on the fixed application and closed resolved CR’s. Used Water fall Methodology. Used XML Spy to validate the XMLs.
Performed Black box testing and made sure there are no issues in the application.
Performed Data Driven testing. Used enormous data and conditions and verified the results are as expected.
Tested Multiple Interfaces and made sure the data is correctly flowing from one interface to another.
Performed Whitebox testing and performed JUnit testing.
Created classes and packages for testing. Went through the code and ran the scenarios and made sure there is no issue in code. Identified issues in the code and updated the Development team to fix them.
Tested large number of applications including testing in Prod (baseline testing) and then testing on the server built in alternate location. Updated SharePoint with the data to be readily available to report to the management.
Performed test result validation, usability, stress testing and ensured that the software met the system requirements. Created Scripts in Ruby to automate manual test scripts. Worked with Ruby and Cucumber to develop BDD Test automation.
Wrote and Executed SQL Queries to validate the business rules and verify the accuracy of the data.
Developed test Scripts using Core java and Test NG test case using Eclipse IDE.
Proficient at creating and executing SQL Queries involving multiple tables using join statements and validated at against Web UI.
Using Jenkins for nightly build execution and then it sends emails if the build fails to QA team.
Implemented BDD framework which allows non-programming QA engineers to write new automation tests.
Performed Functional cloud Testing for Web based applications which are established as Web based POS to test web application on different browsers and Implemented Page Object framework.
Developed Keyword Driven and Data Driven framework to retrieve test actions and test data from SQL databases and excel files.
Responsible for web services testing using REST protocols, deciding Service Endpoints, creating GET, POST, PUT, DELETE and requests, validating JSON.
Reported and tracked defects through Jira.
Wrote Unix Scripts to automate testing and make testing more efficient. Accessed Log files to check for the errors and reported to the Dev team for the fix. Ran SQL queries to make sure the data in Prod is accurately replicated into data in contingency
Contact this candidate