SELINA AKTHER

**** **** **** **** ******** VA *0112
Cell :703-***-**** ad3bkb@r.postjobfree.com
Active Public Trust Clearance
In: https://www.linkedin.com/in/selina-akther-077a22295
SUMMARY
●Over 7+ years of IT experience, working as QA Engineer Manual Tester 508, Automation Tester and Test lead, have exposure to different types of testing.
●Experience in full software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Quality Assurance Life Cycle (QALC) analysis Agile-Scrum, SAFe, design, development, testing, implementation.
●Attending Agile -Scrum Planning Meetings, Sprint Grooming Meetings, Sprint Review Meetings, Walkthrough Meetings, and Sprint Retrospective Meetings.
●Extensive experience in designing Test Cases, Test Scenarios, Test Scripts and Test reports of manual and automated tests. Test reports and documenting Manual and Automation Tests.
●Experience in writing and development of test cases, test scripts and test procedures.
●Identifying and tracking performance issues and defects during testing.
●Extensive experience in performing different types of testing including Black Box, System, Functional, Integration, Regression, Smoke, GUI, Database and User Acceptance Testing.
●Testing skills include Sanity, Black Box, User Acceptance, Smoke, System Integration, Backend Database, Performance, Stress, Regression, End to End, Security, Cross Browsers and Cross Platform Testing.
●Strong experience in developing scripts for Functional, Integration and Regression Testing using Selenium. Involved in complete software testing lifecycle owning the test deliverables from start to end through the entire SDLC and experienced in methodologies like Waterfall, Iterative and Agile (SCRUM).
●Extensive and diversified experience in Information Technology with emphasis on Quality Assurance, GUI, Web, and Client/Server based Commercial Applications.
●Expertise includes Test Plan formulation, writing Test Cases for Functional, and Performance testing.
●Familiar with Behavior driven development using Cucumber.
●Experienced with open-source automated testing tool including selenium, TestNG, Cucumber.
●Skilled in creating functional automated testing script using java core and selenium library.
●Extensive experience in working agile scrum environment using Jira.
●Test Artifacts: Test Case, Test Plan, Traceability Matrix, User Stories, Requirement’s docs, mobile testing, cloud testing, 508 Compliance Testing.
●Excellent communication skills, team player and hard working.
●Passionate worker to contribute individually and as part of a team.
●Ability to learn modern technologies quickly with good analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent communication, analytical and presentation skills.
● Successful in meeting deadlines and handle pressure coordinating multiple tasks.

SKILLS
· Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, Positive Testing
· Project/Test Management: Jira, ALM, VSTS, Azure
· Java, Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG
· Agile
· Requirement
· Scrum SAFe
· Positive Testing
· SDLC/STCL

· Functional, Stories
· Internet explorer, Windows Server
· AWS- Testing
· MS Excel
· Outlook
· Azure, ALM,Jira
· Windows 11, 10

EXPERIENCE
United States Agency OF International Development
Washington, DC
QA Engineer 06/2020 to Current

Development Information Solution (DIS) existing systems to build one overarching application to meet USAID needs. Users will be able to perform all their regular portfolio management tasks entirely within DIS. The system will have four (4) workstreams, which are the building blocks of the system, encompassing USAID’s programming processes. Each workstream will be developed and deployed in sequence.

●Reviewed Test Documents in coordination with client, development team and other complex matrix teams and stakeholders including functional teams and business analysts.
●Facilitated sprint planning, Daily stand up, Sprint Review and Retrospective meetings using Agile Methodology.
●Responsible for all steps of the ongoing Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) including but not limited to, requirements analysis, test planning, writing, and reviewing test cases, executing test cases, bug logging, tracking, and closing.
●Track defect/Bug/Task using Jira confluence and generate defect summary report.
●Perform and executing Functional, Regression, Integration, End to End Business Process, User Acceptance, Interface, Smoke, Data driven, Ad-hoc, Usability, Security and User Access controls, Compatibility, Reports, Back end/Database, Data Conversion, Independent Verification, Validation and Browser Compatibility testing.
●Create Test cases for new releases, test scripts, test data, validations test cases, generic test cases and 508 compliance test cases for different software applications.
●Protected team from over-commitment, worked with Product Owner to manage backlog, and prioritize resolution of defects/bugs.
●Evaluated and assessed team performance relative to Agile principles, evaluated and assessed existing Agile processes, ceremonies, techniques, and methods in the spirit of continuous improvement, value delivery and establishment of Agile standards and best practices.
●Develop, review, and execute functional test cases in Jira.
●Used Apache POI methods for writing to excel sheets in java.
●Implement automation using selenium Web Driver, JAVA, Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG, and Maven.
●Used Behavior Driven Development (BDD) framework/Cucumber to write acceptance tests for web application.
●Used Jenkins to create and run deployment jobs.
●Created automation framework in test complete Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber.
●Work on functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium Web Driver.
● Involved in implementation of Test Automation Framework build using Selenium Web Driver, TestNG and Maven technologies under Java platform utilizing industry leading harness design patterns and approaches.
●Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
●Developed Test Frameworks in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and when necessary, and potentially execute Unit Test Automation (Java /TestNG).
●Developed Automation framework using Selenium Web Driver.
●Utilizing CSS selectors, IDs, XPaths and other locators to determine web elements.
●Using Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework. Once the script got over, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
●Validating API/Web services via using Postman, to validate responses 201,200,400,500.
●Use an ANDI tools for 508 Testing for Focusable elements /graphics-images/ link/buttons/ structures/ color contrast/ hidden content.
●Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from SQL Server.

Environment: Eclipse, Selenium, Agile, Oracle 11g, ALM, Azure, JavaScript, WebDriver, Cucumber, SoapUI, JMeter, TestNG, CURAM, MAVEN, Linux, UNIX.

Virginia Department of Transportation
Richmond VA
QA Engineer 02/2017 to 06/2020

●Analyze business and functional requirements, technical specifications, and unit test results to write test cases, test scenarios.
●Analyze Business Requirements/Features and prepare Test Plan, Test Step and Test Cases.
●Ran regression tests in the morning/night based on deployment timings and then gather reports and reach out to tech leads in case of any queries or failure in tests.
●Write test plan and test strategy documents for specific release and projects.
●Participate actively in system specification and defect report, weekly status meetings and inform rest of the team and take actions accordingly.
●Coordinate with developers, business analysts, project managers and fellow testers to resolve defects.
●Design and execute test scenarios for manual Test case and run Manual Testing for sprint.
●Created and managed test cases and detailed test procedures for administered software tests.
●Expertise in creating Selenium Web-driver instances, locating HTML element on web page, run, record and conclude test results using testing framework.
●Experienced in designing Page Object model (POM) using Selenium WebDriver.
●Skilled in creating data driven, keyword driven and hybrid framework creation.
●Expertise in creating test scripts using TestNG, Junit for Data Driven testing (TDD).
●Expertise in TestNG annotations and assertions and used TestNG.xml to run Selenium tests and get TestNG reports.
●Experienced in using Maven build management tool to manage framework dependency jar files.
●Experienced in developing BDD scripts with cucumber and writing step definitions for behavior.
●Set up test data for test scenarios and test cases in system, regression, and user acceptance test regions.
●Preparing requirement analysis, test plan and test scripts every release on the based business requirements and functional requirements documents.
●Create UAT test cases for business community based on user roles & privileges.
●Responsible for preparing defect reports for status call meeting of each project.
●Working on User Acceptance Test environment and directly dealing with end user and businesspeople.
●Responsible to prepared Test result reports with capturing necessary screen shots, data validation and test scenarios.

Environment: Eclipse, Selenium Grid, Agile, TestNG, Jira, JavaScript, WebDriver, SoapUI, JMeter, maven, Linux, UNIX

department of transportation
Washington DC
QA Analyst 11/2015 to 02/2017
●Analyzed the user/business requirements, functional specs and use case documents and created Test Scenarios, Test Data, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Traceability Matrix according to Business and Functional Requirements.
●Involved in complete project Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and in Software Testing Life cycle (STLC).
●Proven track record in a highly dynamic AGILE/SCRUM environment and participated in scrum and sprint meetings.
●As a Functional/Automation Tester, responsible for development and maintenance of Automation Frameworks, tools and solutions.
●Review and evaluate design documents for functional and automation testing.
●Performed Functional Testing, Sanity Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing and System Testing.
●Developed Test Cases and executed all test cases based on the technical specifications and business requirements.
●Created documents such as Test Results, Test Cases, Defect Reports and Traceability Matrix.
●Defects were reported, tracked, reviewed, analyzed, and compared using Quality Center.
●Use Jira to write and execute test cases and reported the defects.
●Performed back-end testing and verified the data stored in the database with the help of SQL queries.
●Interacted and worked with the developers and BA to solve the problems encountered in the test scenario run.
●Followed (Agile & Scrum) Testing Methodology.
●Attended project meetings, release meetings, and QA status meetings.

Environment: Eclipse, Selenium, Agile, TestNG, Jira, JavaScript, WebDriver,, maven, Linux, UNIX

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

National University
• Master of Science in Software Engineering (Accomplished)
Metropolitan University
• Bachelor of Science in Law in Justice (Accomplished)
CERTIFICATIONS
Scrum Master Certification
Security plus Certification
ASTQB Certification
Contact this candidate