NAME : MAADHAV B
Email : ad3biw@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile : +1-614-***-****
Senior QA Automation Engineer/SDET

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Senior QA Automation Engineer with 9 years of experience in software testing.
Proficient in SDLC Software Development Life Cycle & STLC Software Testing Life Cycle methodologies such as Waterfall and Agile/Scrum.
Automation testing of Client Server and Web applications in various domains like Retail, Logistics Healthcare and Banking.
Expertise in implementing Waterfall / Agile and SCRUM Methodology by analysing requirement specifications and responsible for developing Test Objective, strategies, Scope, Test procedures and Test Matrices.
Extensively involved in UI Automation by using Selenium Web Driver, Java, SOAPUI Testing, Backend SQL Testing, Web application Testing.
Well versed with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Logging and Tracking Defects in all the phases with major responsibilities.
Experienced in using finder mechanisms like CSS, XPath expression, Link text, Partial Link text and name to find the Web Elements.
To ensure the accuracy, reliability and integrity, Data Validation is done intensively like Input validation, format checking, boundary testing, integration testing and consistency
Developed automation test scripts for POS application by using QTP tool.
Skilled in using Selenium APIs such as Take Screenshot for Capturing Failed test cases and reporting them through Bug tracking tools.
Experienced dealing with Ajax requests in Selenium Web Driver using Synchronization.
Designed and implemented different automation frameworks like Keyword Driven Framework, Data Driven Framework, and Hybrid Framework.
Experienced using Accessing Forms, tables, link, Keyboard Mouse Events, Uploading File using Selenium Web Driver.
Experienced in using Apache POI to read data from external sources to feed locators into the test script.
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Experienced in using Test Management tools such as QC, Rally, JIRA bug reporting tools to track test progress, execution, and deliverables.
Skilled in Automation Testing (QTP), Functional Testing, Performance Testing (Load Runner).
Used JMeter to measure the performance of client/server applications and to do load testing.
Identify areas for collaboration with other teams to improve overall quality. Implement initiatives with peers to enhance testing capability and efficiency.
Used AutoIt for captcha testing and also Robot class to handle windows pop - up.
Involved in design and implementation of Selenium Web Driver Automation Framework for Smoke and Regression testusing TestNG.
Expertise in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional Testing using the TestNG annotations like Groups, Parameter, Data Provider.
Experienced with Cross-Browser and Compatibility Testing to test whether the web applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
Worked on Selenium Grid for running the Automation Test script on Different Platforms and Browsers.
Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run parallel testing by creating Groups and categorizing test cases.
Tested SOAP/Restful Web Services by understanding the WSDL/HTTP methods, driving the parameters from property files and scripting.
Experienced in testing REST Web Services, handled JSON Request and Response using JSON simple and rest assured libraries.
Developed Test Scripts to implement TDD (Test Driven Development), BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Maintained the Selenium and JAVA automation code and resources in source controls like SVN, GIT over the time for modifications and new features.
Performed Continuous integration automation using Jenkins and scheduled the tests to run at specific time.
Generated test logs using Log4 j for various log levels.
Experienced in preparing test data for positive and negative Testing and identified critical bugs in the product early in the test execution cycle.
Possess good knowledge of Core Java and Object-OrientedConcepts (Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception Handling and Collections).
Experienced in Back-End Testing to ensure data consistency on front-end by writing and executing SQL (on-prem services), GQL (cloud platform) queries.
Expertise in performing manual testing and mobile application testing using Appium.
Used Emulators (Android devices) and Simulators (IOS devices) to implement mobile testing.
Configure, maintain, and administer testing tools or environments. Develop and execute automated and performance testing for assigned projects to ensure the delivery of high-quality software products on time and within budget and worked across functional (development/testing, deployment, systems/infrastructure) DEVOPS and project teams to ensure continuous operation of build and test systems.
Extensively used Mobile Automation Tools Utilizing advanced mobile testing tools, our QA team conducts thorough cross-browser and cross-platform testing to ensure seamless functionality and consistent user experiences. This comprehensive approach encompasses functional testing, User Interface (UI) testing, performance testing, regression testing, continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) practices, and robust security testing, guaranteeing the delivery of high-quality mobile applications.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Development Methodologies: Agile/ Scrum, Waterfall, CI/CD, DevOps
Artifacts: Test Plan, Test Case, RTM, Test Summary Report, Bug report
Automation Tools: Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid, Quick Test Pro, Cucumber, JUnit, JMeter, TestNG, log4j,WinSCP, Soap UI, Jenkins/Docker,GIT, GCP.
Frameworks: Data Driven, Hybrid Testing Frame work, Page Object Model.
Bug Management Tools: Rally, Quality Centre, JIRA, Bugzilla, VersionOne.
Programming Languages: Java, Java Script, HTML, XPath, CSS, Soap, WSDL, Restful.
Database/Database Tools: SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, SQL, GCP(DataStore), GQL.
Operating Systems: Windows, XP, UNIX
Utilities: Eclipse, GIT, SVN, Firebug, Fire Path
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
CARE SOURCE,OH May 2022 – Till Date
Senior QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Extensively worked on API based applications on LEGACY (mainframe) and CLOUD platforms.
Drafted Test Plan which included Testing objectives, Testing phases, scenarios, and test environment after a thorough analysis of the business rules.
Developed Test Plan, including testing objectives, testing phases, scenarios, and test environment, after a thorough analysis of the business rules.
Tested applications developed in Java with TestNG by following BDD approach.
Built JBehave stories to perform automation on web-services for on-prem, CLOUD based applications for web-services using REST Assured Libraries and executed them on JIRA by using JBehave Plugin.
Used Selenium Web Driver to test UI based applications and tested the API calls by using REST Assured.
Developed and executed White box test cases of the Java API using TestNG framework and Eclipse as IDE.
Automated SmokeFunctional test cases using Selenium Web Driver, TestNG and Java (Eclipse IDE).
Maintained separate suite for regression and ran them before every release making sure the existing functionality is not impacted.
Incorporated OOPS concepts to the automation framework for both API and UI applications.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium Web Driver API) on Continuous Integration tool Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
Extensively used web-services such as SOAP/REST services to test the applications manually and henceforth performed automation on those services by using JAVA through BDD approach.
Validated the updates on backend by using ORACLE and DB2 databases performing various queries.
Validated the stored procedures in Oracle to check if the API has all configurations w.r.t DB append running.
Used Google Cloud Data Store (GCP) to store the data on cloud platform and validated the entities, columns which were extracted and loaded to the Data Store.
Validated the API response with the GCP cloud data in data store.
Used GCP Pub-sub and validated the message published to the Topic which was extracted from the Legacy Db, and ensured the message was consumed by the data store.
Used Legacy systems MAINFRAMES to process an order all the way to closed status by running batch jobs.
Validate the logs, exceptions generated by the webservices by using WINSCP.
Used Git as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code reviews.
Created POM to store the project data and configured their details using Maven to build the project.
Effectively used JIRA as Project Management tool to keep a track of bugs, day-today activities.
Coordinated with technical support associates to fix proprietary software issues.
Conducted backend Testing to validate the response against webservices by using SQL queries on ORACLE/DB2database.
Attend various meetings like Sprint planning, Backlog grooming, Daily Stand-up, Retrospective as a part of AGILE methodology.
Utilized various test tools for automation of test cases Generate test reports and performed extensive Web Services testing using SOAP UI.
Obtained the responses for RESTFUL webservices in JSON format and used JSON VIEWER to obtain the response in a desired format.
Lead E2E, SIT testing with various teams and scheduled monthly show-cases with business to ensure that all the business use-cases are covered.
Used Data driven framework to fetch the data from external sources and keyword driven framework to perform actions.
Used Excel Spreadsheets and Apache POI to process the spreadsheets in Application Framework and used Auto IT to upload files in Windows.
Used Appium tool to perform mobile testing using android mobile studio.
Experienced in using JMeter to measure the performance of client/server applications and for performing load test.
Performed Smoke testing on the applications whenever there is change in environment.
Involved in UAT phase to execute the scenarios by working with Business partners.
Validated the response time w.r.t service stored-procedure and logging during Performance testing.
Provided Production Support during Peak holiday support and each Release for validating the services and Performance of the application.
Scheduled CICD pipeline using Jenkins for a sanity check on the build and thereby based on results approved the build, to deploy to QE environment.
Gathered the necessary Tech-Specs and project related documents from Confluence Page.
Used Docker containers to deploy the applications using Docker Image file.
Used Selenium Grid to execute test cases in parallel on different target machines.
Reported defects to developer and discussed about the issues in daily status meetings.
Interacted with the Subject Matter Experts (SME) and Business Analyst to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather requirements.
Environment: Selenium Web Driver, Java, TestNG, Jenkins, Maven, SOAP UI, Mainframes, WinSCP, ORACLE/DB2, Atlassian Confluence, GIT, Agile, XPath, Jira, Eclipse, JBehave, JMeter, JavaScript, MSWord, MS Excel, PL/SQL, SQL, Jenkins/Docker (DevOps), GCP.
BNY MELLON, Pittsburgh, PA Jan2021 – Mar2022
Senior QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Drafted Test Plan which included Testing objectives, Testing phases, scenarios, and test environment after a thorough analysis of the business rules.
Developed Test Plan with a Test Strategy for the System Testing. Instrumental in creating design and frame work for automation.
Tested applications developed in Java with TestNG framework.
Used Selenium Web Driver for writing test scripts for regression test coverage.
Developed and executed White box test cases of the Java API using TestNGframework and Eclipse.
Automated Smoke&Functional test cases using Selenium Web Driver, TestNG and Java (Eclipse IDE).
Worked on creating test case for Object -driven framework for Selenium Web Driver.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium Web Driver API) on Continuous Integration tool Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
Coordinated with technical support associates to fix proprietary software issues.
Conducted backend Testing using SQL queries to validate data for database.
Attend the BRI (Business Requirement Identification) meeting to understand the business Requirements.
Worked on Project Management toolsJira/Version One.
Utilized various test tools for automation of test cases Generate test reports and performed extensive Web Services testing using SOAP UI.
Obtained the responses for RESTFUL webservices in JSON format and used JSON VIEWER to obtain the response in a desired format.
Created POM to store the project data and configured their details using Maven to build the project.
Executed the automated regression test cases during every release and executed the daily regression test suites.
Used Data driven framework to fetch the data from external sources and keyword driven framework to perform actions.
Used Excel Spreadsheets and Apache POI to process the spreadsheets in Application Framework and used Auto IT to upload files in Windows.
Used Appium tool to perform mobile testing using android mobile studio.
Used UI Automator viewer for android devicesand Appium inspector for IOS devicesto locate elements for mobile testing.
Experienced in using JMeter to measure the performance of client/server applications and for performing load test.
Verified, edited and update test data in new or existing systems before Testing.
Used Selenium Grid to execute test cases in parallel on different target machines.
Implemented BDD (Behaviour-Driven Development) to run automated acceptance tests using Cucumber toolwhich has a gherkin format and files like feature file, step definition file and test runner file.
Performed regression tests daily by scheduling jobs, configurable with GIT by using Jenkins, and based on test results approved the build requests.
Reported defects to developer and discussed about the issues in weekly status meetings.
Interacted with the Subject Matter Experts (SME) and Business Analyst to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather requirements.
Environment: Selenium Web Driver, Java, TestNG, Jenkins, Maven, SOAP UI, Agile, XPath, Jira, Eclipse, Cucumber, Appium, JMeter, JavaScript, MSWord, MS Excel, PL/SQL, SQL, Windows.
CITIBANK, FL Nov2020 – Dec2021
QA and Automation Test Specialist
Responsibilities:
Worked in the Agileenvironment with frequently changing requirements and features set.
Conduct thorough and independent end-to-end Compliance review testing across AML, Sanctions, KYC, Training, and Risk Assessment functions with minimal supervision.
Developed and maintained automated regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming language and TestNG Framework.
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse IDE and TestNG framework.
Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Used Selenium WebDriver APIs for writing test suites and test cases for testing functionality.
Extensively used Selenium (data-driven, XPath locator) and WebDriver to test the web application.
Created the test data and request for the test data dependent with the other applications to be used in the testing activities for the current release.
Created Data Driven scripts for huge chunks of data by using @DataProviderannotation of TestNG framework.
Used Hybrid framework which is a combination of both keyword and data driven framework to automate the test scripts. And worked on acceptance testing using Cucumberto check the basic functionality of the application.
Performed back-end validations using SQL statements against MySQL Database.
Used Page Object Model (POM), UI Mapping, Selenium Manager, Data Driven using CSV, CSS Selectors as a part of Framework. Based on page library, developed Selenium test cases in Java using TestNG framework.
Used TestNG framework to perform cross-browser and group testing and made use of different annotations.
Implemented and worked on Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) agile methodologies completing releases ahead of schedule.
Utilized various test tools for automation of test cases to generate test reports and performed extensive Web Services testing using SOAP UI.
Verified the deviation and throughput of the application with maximum number of users by performing load testing using JMeter.
Performed mobile testing manually by using Perfecto mobile and used Appium for automation of android devices using android studio(emulator) and Xcode(simulator).
Declared the mobile platform and version along with the desired app in the Desired Capabilities class for performing mobile testing using Appium.
Performed Smoke, Functionality, Integration, System, Regression tests based on Analysis, and understanding of the requirements, non-functional specifications, and end-user needs.
Used GITfor code repositories and Maven for the dependencies.
Used JIRA to track the tasks and issues, attended daily status meetings to update the status of work.
Used Git as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code reviews.
Actively supported compliance activities and contributed to remediation efforts throughout the organization.
Extensively worked on Web Application Quality Assurance such as designing test cases, conducting functional and non-functional testing, identifying and documenting bugs, and collaborating with developers to enhance the overall quality of the web application. As part of compatibility testing, executed the workflow manager web application related test cases on different browsers different Operating Systems.
Performed Back-End Testing, database table manipulations of relational database systems by writing complex SQL queries manually.
Environment: s: Selenium WebDriver, Jenkins, SOAP UI,Maven, Cucumber, BDD, TestNG, Page Object Model (POM), Appium, XPATH, Eclipse, TDD, Agile, GIT, SQL, Jira, JMeter, Windows.
TCS, Hyderabad, India Jun2018 – Sept 2020
QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Worked as a QA Automation Engineer for Confidential Point of sale (POS) system.
Worked under Agile methodology in the whole development life cycle.
Implemented the POS testing for POS sale payment transaction at application level.
Performed the sale transaction, payment which includes cash validation, card validation, Gift card validation at the application level for POS systems.
Performed payment gateway testing by making use of payment processors and web-services testing which validate the bank details of the customers.
Used SOAP UI tool to validate the response for webservices by making use of assertions.
Performed QA Automation testing, Integration and Regression testing activities for new releases in an End-to-End environment for Point-of-Sale application.
Attended defect review meetings and discussed issues with the developers and business owners.
Involved in Test Effort estimation for upcoming and present releases.
Performed functional testing of various components of POS system.
Performed integration testing of POS system with hardware peripherals.
Led the Configuration Tools team to manage the configurations of the stores nationwide.
Worked on the test design and automated test cases and validated the test results for the Google Wallet mobile application from the NFC enabled phones on the POS application.
Worked on the test design and test execution for different modules of Confidential loyalty program.
Worked on the test design and test execution for the Mobile Point of Sale application.
Performed mobile testing by using Appium to design the test scripts for both Android and IOS devices.
Used different types of virtual devices (Emulator & Simulator) and real devices for Testcases Validation of mobile testing.
Involved in User Acceptance Testing, GUI Testing, and Regression testing of different modules of the application.
Worked on the optimization of the overall regression suite which reduced the number of test cases by 25%.
Performed backend testing, wrote SQL to compare the UI results with that in the database.
Simulated various transactions and verified the POS transactions, payment processing, cash management and reporting features.
Performed positive and negative testing according to the test scenarios.
Prepared Daily Defect report (from Bugzilla) and Test status report (from Quality Centre) for stakeholders.
Used LoadRunner to do functional as well as load testing of SOAP Web-services. Also used various types of timers to reduce the delay between each request thereby solving overloading problems.
Performed the automation of test scenarios for functionality, GUI and Regression testing using QTP.
Execution of the test scenarios and scripts and review of product functionality.
Provided accurate and timely testing status reports to the QA Lead and Project Manager.
Used Bugzilla tool for defect tracking.
Responsible for UAT to store operations and business users.
Extensively worked with Quality Centre for test case execution and reporting purposes.
Environment: Quality Centre, QTP, Windows XP, MS Word, MS Excel, NCR POS, LoadRunner, MySQL, SOAP UI SQL,Bugzilla,Agile.
Tekismargh, Hyderabad, India
AWS Devops engineer & QA test lead Aug 2015 – May 2018
Responsibilities:
Created Features and Scenarios with Cucumber Gherkin and developed ATDD/BDD tests using Cucumber.
Utilized Selenium Web Driver for open-source web and device testing, executing scripts on different browsers/environments.
Proficient in writing Java-based Selenium Web Driver automation scripts for enterprise applications.
Experienced in AWS, including creating instances, provisioning, and managing EC2 instances with security groups.
Transitioned to using Chef Recipes for AWS instance automation and configured ELBs, launch configurations, and S3 operations.
Used Jira for Stories/Defect tracking, Control-M for job management, and HPSM, Resolve, and HIVE for various tasks.
Developed Cucumber eCuke JVM scripts in Java, created Jenkins jobs for automation, and generated step definitions using Ruby/Java.
Engaged in Agile processes using Jira, Watcher, Splunk, Grafana dashboards for production issue detection.
Participated in group discussions for Automation Improvement Options and kept continuous knowledge update on AWS features.
Implemented Selenium automation with Selenium Grid, TestNG, and Maven, and incorporated Galen Framework for functional and layout testing.
Environment: Manual Testing, AWS, Rally, SVN, MS Excel, Cucumber, Jira, Java

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS:
Bachelors in Computer Science, completed in 2015, from SRM University, Chennai, INDIA .
Contact this candidate