Alish Kurbanov
Mobile phone: 650-***-****
E-mail: ad3ee5@r.postjobfree.com
Frisco TX,
Zip code: 75035
US Citizen
LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alkurbanov/
Not Willing to relocate. Remote roles or Onsite in DFW TX

QA ENGINEER / QA TESTER / QA ANALYST
OBJECTIVE:
To obtain a position in an organization where I can utilize my technical skills and experience in Manual Functional, End to End, Front End, UI, UAT, System testing.

EDUCATION & TRAINING:
2011 Certified as a QA Engineer at Portnov school, CA
2011 Testing Mobile and Web Applications, Los Altos, CA
2003 Bachelor’s degree. Specialization: Economy and Management at Tashkent Institute of Textile and Light Industry.
Country: Uzbekistan

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

PROFILE:
12 years of total experience in testing including desktop, native, web-based, and mobile applications: iOS, Android, Windows
Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as Agile and Waterfall
Well versed in Software QA Methodology, tools, and SQA techniques
Analyze technical documentation
Performed UI, Functional, Usability, Acceptance, Regression, Performance, Module Integration, System testing.
Types of testing: Black box, Gray Box
Created test documentation such as test cases, check lists, matrix
Write easy-to-follow bug reports and verify them fixed in new releases
Good analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills
Communicate effectively with developers, management, and peers to locate and resolve the issues.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Platforms: Mac, Windows
Mobile Platforms: iOS, Android OS, Windows Mobile
Testing apps written on HTML, HTML5, XML, C#, C++, Phyton, Java
Networking: TCP/IP, FTP, HTTP, Proxy debugging: Wireshark, Charles
API Testing: Postman, SoapUI
Bug Tracking: Rally, Jira, HP Quality Center/ALM, QA Symphony, Azure, V1
Tools: Android SDK, XCode, MS SQL Server Management Studio, IBM Studio, Device Anywhere, Splunk, CMS
Browsers: MS Internet Explorer, Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera
Applications: MS Office: MS Excel, MS Word, MS Power Point
Environment: SDLC/Testing Life Cycle understanding - Agile, Waterfall
Code hosting platform: GitHub, GitLab
Automation: Ranorex, Appium

WORK EXPERIENCE:

May 2022 –PT / SchoolRating.by / QA Engineer / Remote
Schoolrating.by is the school ratings portal operating in Republic of Belarus. It is the leading nonprofit providing high-quality information that supports parents pursuing a great education for their child, schools striving for excellence, and communities working to diminish inequities in education.
Writing test cases, finding bugs, providing remediation strategies.
In corporate with PM, BA, Devs, and all people involved in the project.
Performed manual testing.
Tech stack: JEE, MySQL, REST API, Angular
Tools involved: Jira, Postman, SQL
Agile Environment, Daily Stands up. Web and Mobile Testing.

July 2021 - April 2022 / Medtronic / QA Engineer / Remote
Testing nLink application
nLink is used by RTG field, and patient support teams, to securely store patient data and efficiently manage the Patient Therapy Journey. It also provides a central location to securely store patient data such as: Patient Consent, Patient Notes, Reference Documents (ex. X-ray, MRI, Fluoroscopy, Patient Management Worksheets, Pain Charts, etc.
Creating test cases, finding bugs, reporting results, participating in deciding of application functionality
Hybrid methodology, SQL, Azure, V1, Postman API, Test cases, ALM, Back-end testing, Healthcare, IOS Devices

October 2020 – December 2020 / Abbott / QA Tester / Dallas TX
Executing written by developers existing automation Ranorex scripts for iOS medical devices using laboratory equipment, iOS Software connection testing with medical devices.
Test Cases, Agile, Jira, Healthcare, Ranorex

January 2019 – June 2020 / Cinemark / QA Engineer / Dallas TX
Testing Cinemark mobile application on iOS, Android and www.cinemark.com website.
Responsible for testing all functionality including front-end and back-end testing, Functional, Regression, Smoke, UI
Working close with POS team testing all payment transactions
Writing test cases, finding, and reporting bugs
Environment: Agile - 2 weeks Sprint, Daily stand ups
SQL Management Studio, Azure, Android Studio, API Postman
Tested application written on C#

September 2018 – January 2019 / IBM / State Farm Project / QA Tester in System Team / Dallas TX
The” Drive & Save” mobile application connects with a Bluetooth beacon device.
Your trips record automatically if you have Bluetooth and Location Services turned on. The app lets you analyze your driving, compare your scores to drivers nearby, and lets you save money on your auto insurance.
End to End testing, API testing, AWS, IBM Data Studio (SQL), iOS Mobile Phones, Telematics.

May 2016 – September 2018 / Ziosk / Sr. QA Engineer / Dallas TX
Payment and Loyalty software on Pay at the Table devices in restaurant market.
Agile Environment, Scrum
Mobile (Android)
Functional, UI, Usability, Regression, Back End, Network testing, API testing
Gift Card, Coupons, EMV, NFC payments, Order Entry testing
Communicate with Business/Systems Analysts and Developers to understand/clarify requirements.
Identify, report, and manage defects in Jira defect tracking system.
Provide testing status reports per Project requirements and provide input to the Project Plans and Processes
Provide regular updates to the Product Owner
Participate in systems requirement reviews and team meetings.
Jira, Wireshark, Android, ADB, SDK, Meteor server, MS SQL Server Management Studio,
Testing application written by developers on C#, C++
Bamboo to track changes, CMS, Splunk, API, POS system integration with: Aloha, Micros, Squirrel, Xpient.

July 2015 – May 2016 / ADT Security / QA Engineer / Dallas TX
Residential Securities software applications based on Sales Force platform.
Waterfall Environment
Web/Mobile testing (Windows OS, iOS, Android)
Testing time management, schedule and setup tracking system based on Salesforce platform.
Analyzed and reviewed business and system requirements
Coordinated testing with multiple departments for system wide integration testing.
Create test cases according to business requirement, execute them in QC.
Analyzing test case failure.
Functional testing, regression testing, user acceptance testing.
Reporting defects in a concise and clear manner.
Creating test execution summary report at the end of day & end of sprint.
Testing application written by developers on .Net, Phyton
Jira, HP QC, ALM, Mobile, Web, Android, iOS, Appium, Selenium, Test cases, SQL, CMS

April 2014 – April 2015 / Boardvantage Inc (Nasdaq) / QA Web and Mobile Software Engineer / Menlo Park CA
Web/Client-Server and Mobile testing of a secure SaaS enterprise application for corporate boards used by client company directors, executives, and various staff teams. The service is used through desktop browsers and iPads, enabling paperless board meetings. Features include document processing, digital signatures, mobile device sync, voting, surveys, approvals and much more.
Performed manual functional and integration testing against different mobile apps and devices (iOS and Android). Verified backwards compatibility and support of our apps with each new server release. Monitored real-time server log files for errors and using proxies to observe request to and response from the server. Reported, assigned, monitored, and verified bug activity throughout the project's in SDLC. Agile Environment
Tested web-based applications written on Flex, Java, JavaScript, HTML 5, C#, Python
Performed cross-browsers and cross mobile devices testing
Reviewed the Product Requirements and Functional Specifications for various modules
Defined and executed: Functional, Regression, Smoke, GUI and Security manual testing against weekly, milestone, or on-demand (developers) builds
Utilized Charles and Firefox add-ons (Firebug, etc.) for inspecting HTTP traffic and elements
Researched software defects to make them reproducible. Filed bugs using Jira
Daily monitored of bug-tracking system for resolved/fixed issues
Worked closely with the development team to troubleshoot and resolve build issues
Performed integration and system testing, exploratory and ad hoc testing
Analyzed software bugs, provided follow ups and interacted with the developers on getting the problems fixed.
Participated in the requirement discussion meetings, provided feedback on inconsistencies and open issues
Wrote test cases using Jira for different modules and functional areas (logging in/out, creating users, standard print outs, sharing data, giving permissions, creating surveys, calendar events, approvals, online editing, online meetings, e-signatures etc.)

October 2012 – September 2013 / Breaktimestudios / QA Mobile Software Tester / San Francisco CA
Agile Environment
Performed various software testing activities at all stages of the application development including smoke, functional, A/B tests, regression, user acceptance, back end testing.
Daily meetings with QA and developer team members to discuss new features/functionalities. Developed and defined process for submission checklist. Successfully orchestrated delivery of quality projects on time to market.
Provided valuable feedback to the PM as necessary
Involved in functionality, regression, user acceptance, smoke, usability, GUI and Social integration testing
Performed Black Box and Grey Box testing
Utilized Jira and HP Quality Center bug tracking systems for reporting software anomalies and for monitoring their resolution status
Wrote, implemented and verified test cases.
Back End testing using SQL Queries
Worked with marketing to verify functionality using TrialPay, TapJoy and PlayHaven
Jira, Charles, SDK, XCode, HockeyApp

March 2011 – May 2012 / Crowdstar / Mobile QA Tester / Burlingame CA
Agile Environment
Participated in testing mobile standalone games and social mobile web-based games.
Learned requirements of the games for the various platforms including Android, IOS, Facebook and the different standards that each platform required
Performed positive, negative, functionality, regression and release acceptance testing on different devices including Android, Kindle, iPad1, iPad 2, iPhone 4, iPhone 3G, iPod 3rd, 4th generations
Kept track of the new requirements. Re-tested the applications against the new requirements.
Reported bugs using Jira bug-tracking system, track defects, resolve issues with the developers
Back End testing using SQL Queries
Device Anywhere web service for Android platform.
Designed Test cases and other documents in Google Spreadsheet.
Obtained various debug logs from both IOS and Android devices by using XCode, ADB
Participated in meetings with QA and developer team members to discuss new features and functionalities. QA
FUNCTIONAL SOFTWARE QA TESTER
WEB MOBILE QA ENGINEER
QA ANALYST
QA TESTER
Contact this candidate