Inna Vestal
Scrum Master of Software QA Engineer
Houston, TX, 77063 Cell: 832-***-**** Email: ad3e07@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/inna-vestal-b0804712
SUMMARY:
Experienced QA Engineer skilled in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) and testing methodologies. Proficient in defect tracking, test case preparation, execution, and reporting status. Strong knowledge of Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Specializing in GUI, cross-platform, and cross-browser testing, mobile platform testing, API testing, and database validation.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Bug triage and validation based on severity and priority levels.
Proficient in GUI testing, cross-platform, and cross-browser testing (Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge).
Experienced in mobile platform testing using Browser Stack (Windows, Android, iOS, Android Studio). SQL queries for data retrieval.
Strong project leadership and coordination skills, including Business Required Documentation (BRD).
Expertise in Agile methodologies, STLC, and DLC, CI/CD implementation.
Ad-Hoc, Exploratory, Functional, Usability, Smoke, Regression, Database, and UI/UX testing.
Skilled in tools such as writing GraphQL script and REST API in Postman, DBeaver, MariaDB, Chrome Dev/Tools, writing SQL queries, JIRA/Zephyr.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
META/Facebook AI Austin, TX
Scrum Master Team Lead for Tasks Triage and Analysis Oct 2021 – Present
Liaison representative in the team to speed up task review, and ticket closure. Deliver an operation process and project quality by establishing better team communications.
Debugging expert collaborating with Technical, Legal, and Global Contract Teams. Effective cross-functional communication and partnership.
Conduct on-site technical training and shadowing to enhance team debugging capabilities. Thorough root cause analysis on complex technical issues across multiple platforms, collaborating with cross-functional teams to identify the underlying problems and propose effective solutions.
Initiate and lead quality improvement initiatives by analyzing recurring issues, suggesting process enhancements, and implementing preventive measures to reduce the frequency of defects and streamline the contract and technical debugging processes.
Collaborate with technical leadership to define and refine the triage and debugging strategies. Participate in regular meetings to provide insights into the effectiveness of existing processes and propose strategies for continuous improvement.
Develop and maintain metrics and reports on issue trends, response times, and resolution rates.
Present these reports to management and stakeholders, providing valuable insights into the overall health of the platform and areas for further optimization.

SIGS.DEV/Test Pro Internship Houston, TX
QA Test Engineer Mar 2020 – Oct 2021
Agile/Scrum environment testing web and mobile Intranet applications.
Test plan implementation, test suite preparation, and execution.
Proficient in Exploratory, Functional, Usability, Smoke, API, Regression, and Database Validation Testing.
Skilled in SOAP and REST API testing using Postman.
Expertise in MySQL database queries.
Localizing issues for web Developers using console logs.

Calumet Specialty Product Partners LP Houston, TX
Audit POC in Operation, SAP implementation Nov. 2016 – Feb. 2020
Audited operations and SAP implementation for Automation/Industrial Int'l Customers.
Identified and resolved gaps in Supply Chain workflow post-SAP implementation.
Collaborated to build and optimize new processes.
Developed, managed, and analyzed weekly distribution of “Open Order Reports” for upper management, and CSR and Procurement Teams system to operate faster.
Identified gaps in the system, cleaned up SAP, and improved KPI, validated and improved the EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) ordered process by providing clear visibility based on created matrices & pivots.
Fixed errors and gaps, worked with a team, cleaned up the system, chased arrears, resolved claims, and created RMA.
Responsible for the execution of Canada Territory, helped increase revenue, and became a problem solver for Customers.
Established plan for invoice uploading into ARIBA, OI Portal, claim investigation, and process.
Developed client relationships at all levels, displayed excellent listening skills, and maintained a positive attitude in the face of adversity.
Defined and obtained a clear understanding of client needs.
Resolving/Tracking/Forecasting and catching gaps/mistakes in the system.

Weatherford Int’l Houston, TX
Int’l CSR in Sales of Tubular Running Service Jun 2014 – Nov 2016
Managed multimillion-value quotes, stock availability, sales orders, and pricing information.
Collaborated with various departments for seamless order processing.
Working with various departments, such as Quality Control, Engineering, Tractability team (Document Control), PDM, Procurement, Planning, Logistics, and Customs (TCG).

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
Int’l Academy of Science, Institute in Management, Business, and Law
Bachelor of Business Administration in Higher Economic Education. Ukraine, Slavyansk’s
LANGUAGES
Ukrainian, and Russian – both are natively fluent.
Contact this candidate