BIJALBEN S PATEL
QA Automation Engineer ad3ffd@r.postjobfree.com 704-***-**** Visa: Green Card PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
* ***** ** ************ ********** in IT in Testing including Automation, Implementation, Integration, Conversion, Migration, Development, Customization, Testing, Troubleshooting and building of QA Automation Framework. Extensive experience in all stages of STLC & expertise in Functional &Regression testing methods for Web based applications in SIT and UAT phases.
Experience in working with open source tools such as Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver, Selenium Grid, SoapUI, POSTMAN, REST ASSURED, Cucumber, Appium, TestNG, JIRA and Eclipse. Experienced in developing selenium automation framework using JUnit/TestNG and developing ANT/Maven targets to execute automation suites.
Profound knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concept. Experience in writing automation scripts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD) Cucumber, Gherkin, Features, Scenarios, Scenario Outlines, Steps, and Step Definitions.
Extensive experience in developing Test Plans, Test Strategy, Test Cases, Test Matrixes, Requirements Traceability, Test Reports and documentation of Manual and Automated Tests. Expert in integrating Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) on Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for nightly batch run of the script.
Experience in developing framework using TestNG, Page Object Model, and Page Factory. Experienced in developing BDD (Behavior Driven Development) and TDD (Test Driven Development) scripts with Cucumber and writing step definitions for Gherkin based features. Ability to validate GUI and system functionality on desktops as well as mobile devices running with Android and iOS with the help of Appium tool integrated with complex architecture and Mobile Browser, Mobile Native Application Testing, Mobile Cloud Platform.
Maintaining Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to make sure that all the requirements are covered in the Test Cases. Proficient in writing Appium automation scripts in JAVA for mobile application and execution the tests on simulators or emulators.
Expertise in Automation Testing, Manual Testing, Smoke Testing, GUI Software Testing, and Backed End Testing, Black - box Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, and Regression Testing. Expertise in SOA testing (Designing and implementing solutions) with REST and SOAP based web services Experience in Web Services testing using SOAP UI, POSTMAN. Providing required input data to request XML & get the required data from response XML & use the response data from another request XML using SOAPUI. Experience in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven Experienced with various types of testing like GUI testing, Web testing, Regression testing, User Acceptance Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, End to End Testing, Unit Testing. Proficient in using project management tools such as ALM/Quality Center, JIRA to track bugs, link defect and execute manual/automated test cases and report results.
Experience in creating Requirements Traceability Matrix to ensure comprehensive test coverage. Ability to adapt to new environment quickly, strong team player, good communication, good analytical and computation skills, enthusiastic learner, confident, sincere and committed. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Testing Tools Selenium WebDriver/IDE/RC/Grid, TESTNG, Cucumber, SOAP UI, Postman, REST Assured Frameworks Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM) CI/CD & Build Jenkins, ANT, Maven
Databases MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server
Defect Tools JIRA, ALM
Programming Languages Core Java
Markup Languages HTML, XML, XPath, CssSelector
Operating Systems Windows, UNIX, LINUX
Mobile Testing Tools Appium.
Utilities IntelliJ, Eclipse, GIT, SVN
MS Office Tools Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visual Studio PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Thread Bank Rogersville, TN
01/2023 - Present QA Automation Engineer
Follow and contribute to Agile/SCRUM activities (daily stand-ups, retrospectives, iteration planning, estimate/reporting, acceptance criteria definition).
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium WebDriver & created Data Driven framework using TestNG.
Developed modular & robust automation framework using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG and Java. Implement BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Testing with Cucumber-JVM and Selenium WebDriver to ensure the code reusability and code maintainability and cut down the script development time in half. Performed white-box testing, integration testing and regression testing on the application. Evaluation and implementation of Robot Framework to create Selenium WebDriver automation test suite. Defining the automation architecture to ensure appropriate interoperability of technology stack. Used Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically. Integrated our automation executions with our CI process (Jenkins) so our scripts are executed each time a build is kicked off.
Designed, Developed, Executed and Maintained Automated Test Scripts using by BDD (Behavior Driven Development), testing framework with Cucumber.
Performing Cross-platform, Functional, Regression testing, UI testing for mobile app using Appium test automation framework.
Involved in testing Web services with tool called REST ASSURED. Use Jenkins as a continuous Integration tool to schedule and run the automation test scripts and promote build from DEV to QA
Tested API calls through web service Postman, REST ASSURED and validate response using Json code Improved testing time by 25%, collaborating with Test Automation to plan effort for each release. Creating object repository of respective web pages, test utilities for wait statements, screenshots and to read/write from files.
Written Core Java Coding and automated more than 250 unique Test Cases for both Frontend and Backend. Performed Web Service testing using Advanced RESTClient and validated GET, PUT/POST Methods and HTTP status. Maintained the JIRA defect tracking system, including submitting and triaging defects to the application developers along with the release of defect aging reports.
Involved in GIT branching strategy in proportion to release management. Interacted with the Development team and the Environment team in prioritizing the defect list and validating known bug fixes.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Jenkins, Cucumber, XML, WSDL, Appium, JSON, REST ASSURED, POSTMAN, HTTP, JIRA, GIT, Agile, Windows.
James River Insurance Chapel Hill, NC
09/2021 – 12/2022 QA Automation Engineer
Responsible for creating and maintaining automation acceptance test suite using Selenium. Also responsible for converting automation scripts to new framework using Selenium Web Driver, Java and TestNG. Performing the role of QA Test Automation engineer in a fast-paced Agile (Scrum) team. Reviewing requirement documents, system documents to ensure technical accuracy, completeness, and compliance. Designed Automation Test Scripts using Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG and Maven. Responsible for implementation of Hybrid Test Automation Framework build using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven technologies under Java platform utilizing industry leading harness design patterns and approaches. Involved in creation of automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber. Worked on distributed test automation execution on different environment as part of Continuous Integration Process using Jenkins.
Involved in preparing the functional test cases using test design techniques data validation concepts Equivalence partitioning, boundary value analysis.
Prepared test data document and Involved in generation of bug and test case execution reports. Prepared manual & function test cases on web based application as per requirements. Worked on the Android module of the project where I was responsible for automating the app using Appium. Used Appium tool, for mobile testing in Android, IOS and other mobile applications. Responsible for evaluating all identified and entered defects encountered during testing in Pivotal tracker. Performed manual procedures for functional testing of Web services Involved in Manual Testing to check the basic functionality of the modules under test.
Participated in creating Test Plan, test cases, log/tracked defects based on business requirement utilizing Pivotal tracker and JIRA.
Created JavaScript (.js) using describe, it, promise, resolve, reject, done, expect and assertions for REST API Validations like POST, PUT, GET and DELETE.
Created 125 Backend Java Test Scripts to validate REST API Web Services for Mail Broker containing different templates for customer receiving emails.
Automated more than 355 new unique Manual Test Cases for both Frontend and Backend of the application. Executed Test Scripts in different env like Dev, Int, Stag, UAT and Prod using multiple browsers like IE, FF, and Chrome. Using Jenkins Continuous Integration Tools, trigger Cron Job to run daily sanity smoke test scripts in different environments like Dev and QA Environment.
Tested extensive backend testing using SQL Queries to retrieve the data from the database and checked data integrity. Developed Selenium with Java scripts in TestNG for parameterization using Data Provider annotation. Involved in Maven configuration for running servers and scripts after the build. Performed web services testing with REST ASSURED and Postman by validating request and response for XML, JSON files.
Used JIRA for defect tracking. Based on priority/Severity of defects coordinated with dev team and make sure bugs were fixed on time.
Working closely with the Developers in the review and modification of the product and its specifications using Agile-testing methodology.
Environment: Java, Selenium, JavaScript, TestNG, Maven, Cucumber, SQL, Jenkins, Appium, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Power point, REST ASSURED, Postman, JIRA, Microsoft Office Excel, Agile, Windows. Frantz Diamonds Roanoke, VA
10/2019 – 08/2021 QA Automation Engineer
Proactive participant in weekly AGILE team meetings and updated team lead and manager on status of testing. Prepared Test cases for positive and negative test scenarios as referred in the user stories keeping in mind the Boundary Value Limitations, Equivalence classes.
Worked in the agile environment with frequently changing requirements and features set. Prepared Test Plans, Test Scripts and Test Cases based on functional specifications and user requirements. Developed and maintained automated regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming language and TestNG Framework.
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse IDE and TestNG framework. Used Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Implemented Page Object Model Automation framework with Java, Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber. Involved in integrating the test suites to Jenkins to execute them automatically after every successful deployment. Designed test cases based on the use-cases and the complex business logic defined for each web-service or a message. Designed and Developed UAT Regression automation script and Automation of functional testing framework for all modules using Selenium and WebDriver.
Created the test data and request for the test data dependent with the other applications to be used in the testing activities for the current release.
Part of the team that is responsible for developing and maintaining Test scripts in Eclipse using Java and Selenium WebDriver for Functionality and Web UI testing.
Developed Business Driven Development (BDD) based test automation for one of the internal web applications using Java, Cucumber and Gherkin.
Performed the Mobile Testing for Mobile App of Client using Appium. Used Appium libraries to automate the application on both Android and IOS platforms.
Extensively worked in locating a web element using ID, name, class name, CSS selector and XPATH. Created an XML suite of automated test cases using Selenium WebDriver. Used Maven as Build Management tool and used Jenkins tool for continuous integration of the builds. Used SQL Queries to verify the data from the Oracle database. Worked on Web services using POSTMAN exclusively on obtaining the needed information using the URL approach. Used Log4j as the logging framework to direct logging information into a file during the build execution. Maintaining the Selenium and Java automation code and resources using GIT for Source Control Management. Worked with developers to update the defects, resolve them and track their status using JIRA. Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Appium, Jenkins, Maven, SOAP UI, POSTMAN, SQL, Oracle, GIT, Jira, Agile, Windows.
Acute Informatics Gujarat, India
01/2017 – 09/2019 QA Automation Engineer
Involved in gathering business requirement, studying the application and collecting the information from developers, and business.
Developed Automation scripts in Selenium WebDriver to test new functionalities added to the application. Developed Data Driven framework with the Page Object Model pattern to retrieve test actions, test data from Excel files and SQL Databases.
Implemented Appium scripts to test IOS and Android platforms. Involved in writing automation scripts for mobile native applications using Appium, Core java and Selenium. Contributed to the Continuous Integration pipeline running component builds, creating and running Deployment jobs on individual stages on Jenkins, and running automated and manual functional tests. Worked closely with Agile Scrum team from several domains to ensure product testability while running Regression tests in Selenium WebDriver.
Designed and executed the Automation Test Scripts using Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver and TestNG. Performed SOA Web Services Test (SOA Test) on project operated within agile environment, with 2-4 week sprints, daily scrum meetings, burn-down charts, task weighting, pair programming, refactoring, presentations and review, Tested Web services (SOAP, WSDL) using SOAPUI.
Prepared test plans, test cases, test scenarios, test data and test scripts with schedules & dependencies for functional, UI, integration, database, usability, Performance and regression testing. Worked with the automation team in creating a Maven based framework for the application which was tested using more than 400 scripts.
Used RESTClient and POSTMAN to perform API Testing. The bugs detected are recorded and notified to developers and managers using JIRA. Performed Backend testing by extensively using SQL queries to verify the integrity of the database. Used GIT as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code reviews. Attended the cross-functional team meetings to review the requirements and giving helpful suggestions to make sure that projects passed the quality that is expected by clients. Prepared UAT report and shared this with the scrum master in order to discuss the progress and completion of User acceptance testing.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, SOAPUI, XPath, POSTMAN, JIRA, SQL, GIT, Agile, Windows. AIMDek Technologies Gujarat, India
11/2015 – 12/2016 Manual Testing
Analyzed and Reviewed the Business requirement document and Technical specification document to understand the scope of testing.
Executed Test Cases and verified Actual Results against Expected Results. Bugs traced & reported to the developers. Conducted the System, Integration and Regression of the web application. Planned and executed Test Phases including Smoke, Functional, System, User Acceptance (UAT), Accessibility, Integration, Regression, Re-testing, Error guessing, Exploratory, Ad-hoc, Boundary value Analysis and Equivalence partitioning Participate in product Walk through meetings and defect meeting and suggest improvements for product and QA testing effort.
Prepared weekly status reports on test case execution, defects, RTM. Tracked progress of defects through to resolution. Environment: Manual Testing, QC, MS Excel, Windows.
Contact this candidate