Hari Babu (ISTQB)
QA Analyst
Email: ad3glo@r.postjobfree.com
Ph. No: 978-***-****

Professional Summary:
Around 7 years of IT experience as Lead/Senior Quality Engineer in software development life cycle (SDLC).
Well experienced in Retail and Financial domains.
Good experience in Integration Functional, Regression, End to End Testing.
Expertise in creation, execution and maintenance of Test Cases and Test Scripts.
Experience on various POS systems - JumpMind Commerce, JDA POS, Oracle XStore POS
Proficient in Test Case Execution and Defect Management and conducting triage calls
Maintained the bug reports for internal evaluation of the product using JIRA.
Proficient in writing SQA test documentation such as test plans, test cases and test matrices.
Well experienced in manual testing using HP Tools like Quality Center (ALM), Testrail.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop and maintain test automation scripts, reducing testing time and increasing team productivity.
Highly focused, self-motivated, team player with strong professional and executive experience in multiple domains with multiple responsibilities.
Experience of conducting testing session with internal and external teams to conduct E2E, Certification testing.

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems
Windows, Unix/Linux
Reporting Tools
SQL Report Manager, SVN, and GIT.
Database
MySQL, Oracle, Postgresql, Sql developer
Defect Tracking Tools
Bugzilla, Quality Centre, JIRA
Testing Area

Regression testing, functional testing, System integration testing, Database testing, white box, black box.

Professional Experience

Project: Store Commerce April 20 – Present
Role: Lead/Senior Quality Engineer
Client: Petco
The POS projects involve testing different environments of registers and mobile POS systems. Testing includes store related transactions which includes Credit, Debit, Cash, EMV, Gift Cards, E-Gift card transactions and backend integration process - Cash Office. Project implementation will contain the new enhancements in POS system along with existing functionalities. The point of sale (POS) is the time and place where a retail transaction is completed. It is also the point at which a customer makes a payment to the merchant in exchange for goods or after provision of a service. After receiving payment, the merchant may issue a receipt for the transaction, which is usually printed, but is increasingly being dispensed with or sent electronically.
Involved in complete POS Migration, POS Payment Migration, Omni Channel, Mobile POS, Loyalty Benefits, Loyalty Programs, Store Credit Cards application & Redemption Projects.
Responsibilities:
Tested various critical functions of the Jumpmind Commerce POS, JDA POS systems such as Loyalty Promotions, Payments, Returns, Reports, Cash Balancing etc
Developed and execute project plan to support their Point of Sales (POS) system.
Tested the various mobile POS applications to supports different business units.
Responsible to have conduct complete testing methodologies in Payment Migration, Mobile POS, Petco Credit Card projects.
Extensively involved in Scrum Methodology (Agile) and Waterfall to align with project needs and approach.
Create and present Traceability Matrices.
Responsible to test various card brands such as Visa, Master card, American Express, Discover and Gift Card, E-Gift card related transaction.
Contributed towards writing test strategy analyzing the requirements and tracing with the test plan.
Developed Test Plans, Test Cases, and scenarios, Validation Plans, Validation Procedures, Test Data and Test Summary Reports using Testrail
Work with onshore and offshore testing analysts to ensure testing of functional areas is complete, tracked and on-schedule.
Helped and involved in creating the test strategy and test cases which will cover entire requirements.
Facilitate Quality Assurance meetings, maintain agenda, QA issue prioritization and resolution facilitation.
Experienced in IBM Order Management system to process POS Orders.
Provide demos to business team and conduct UAT and Pilot validations for every POS release.

Environment: JIRA, SQL Server, Agile, Scrum, Symmetric DB, Postman, Register, Printer, Scanner, Pinpad, Back Office

Project: Store Systems Jan 18 – Mar 20
Role: QA Analyst
Client: TJX Companies Inc
Responsibilities:
Tested various critical functions of the Oracle XStore POS system such as Payments, Returns, Reports, Cash Balancing etc
Developed and execute project plan to support their Point of Sales (POS) system.
Tested the various mobile POS applications to supports different business units.
Responsible to test various card brands such as Visa, Master card, American Express, Discover and Gift Card, E-Gift card related transaction.
Contributed towards writing test strategy analyzing the requirements and tracing with the test plan.
Developed Test Plans, Test Cases, and scenarios, Validation Plans, Validation Procedures, Test Data and Test Summary Reports using HP Quality Center.
Work with onshore and offshore testing analysts to ensure testing of functional areas is complete, tracked and on-schedule.
Environment: POS, Jira, Oracle Store POS, Lead Register, Register, XCenter, XAdmin, Printer, Scanner, Pinpad

Gain America Inc Aug 16 – Dec 17
QA Software Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Involved in writing Test plan based on Business Requirement Documents and System Requirements Specifications.
Involved in reviewing requirement specifications and design specifications.
Performed functional testing manually and constructed positive and negative test scenariosas per requirements.
Created and executed test cases and test scenarios according to establish plans, documented problems in tracking tool, retested software corrections to ensure problems are resolved.
Performed Manual Testing on different modules of the application.
Performed Positive and Negative testing using valid and Invalid data on Development and performed testing in Database Environments on SQL and Oracle.
Involved in testing the new functionalities based on test cases and coordinated with development team in fixing the issues.
Created and maintained manual test cases using Jira.
Executed the tests and reported the defects and bugs in JIRA.
Involved in raising and tracking defects on Quality center.
Interacted with developers to report data related bugs and re-tested the fixed issues.
Participated in Design and Code review meetings.
Used agile methodology to come up with test scenarios and test cases.
Extensively used SQL statements to query the Oracle Database for Data Validation and Data Integrity.

Environment: Manual Testing, Core Java, SQL, HP QC, Jira, GIT, HTML, CSS, Firebug, Fire path, JavaScript, XML, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Agile scrum and JUnit.
Contact this candidate