Sowjanya Chettaboina Email: ad3kh5@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-603-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Around 2+ years of IT experience as a QA Engineer in Software Testing, proficient in Client/Server and Web based applications.
Hands on experience and profound understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), including the following: Requirements gathering, risk analysis, project planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management, and reporting.
Expertise in various Testing methodologies like Functional Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing, White-box Testing, Black-box Testing, Grey-box Testing, Accessibility Testing, Database Testing, Migration Testing, Performance Testing, Client-Server Applications, and Web-design Applications.
Expertise in reviewing and preparing Requirement Documents, Test Scripts and Test Cases as well as all test deliverables.
Experience in reviewing and modifying User Requirements Specification (URS) and Functional Requirements Specification (FRS).
Thorough knowledge in reviewing current operating procedure and developed new Standard Operating Procedures SOP.
Good experience in selenium web driver with Ruby and Java with Junit/ TestNG
Great experience on ruby cucumber automating testing framework design & development.
Excellent knowledge of Risk Assessment, GAP Analysis and Vendor Audit as well as Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Good Experience in automation testing framework designing & coding using UFT/ QTP, Ruby, Cucumber with selenium and Java, Cucumber with Selenium
I have great knowledge in writing test cases and analyze the business flow, functionality to write test cases to meet business requirements and to follow business standards.
Automation testing in designing and developing frameworks on QTP using VB script, Ruby Cucumber using WATIR-Selenium, Java/ Cucumber using selenium web driver for data driven/Hybrid frameworks and maintenance.
Proficient in software issues identification and documentation.
Proficient working on manual testing, API testing using Postman and I have good knowledge in automation testing for testing client-server, web-based and Database applications.
Hands - on experience in the preparation of Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Reports, Requirement Traceability Matrix. Strong knowledge in Python, Java Programming, Struts, MuleSoft, Shell scripting, bash, PostgreSQL and Selenium WebDriver.
Experience in testing cross-browser and compatibility testing to test whether the web applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
I have good technical knowledge in web application language like HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, Java, Python and PHP.
I have good knowledge in normalized databases to work with data, I can run select, update queries to perform some tasks like backend testing using PostgreSQL.
I have good knowledge and experience on AWS like S3, Dynamo DB, Cloud Watch, lambda …etc.
I can independently create test plans and test procedures for new products.
I can quickly learn and understand a system architecture, including firmware, software, and hardware components.
Configured Continuous Integration environment, using Jenkins to kickoff daily builds and automation suites Jenkins, Maven, Python & Git.
Good hands-on experience on various test management tools like Jira.
Ability to perform compatibility testing with different browsers like Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari and with different operating systems like Windows, Android, Mac OS.
I have strong experience with MS Office applications Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc.
I can work on different Operating systems such as Windows, Ubuntu/Linux, and Mac OS.
Ability to work on Azure develops to deploy CI/CD pipelines and Git version control as code repository.
I can work with various IDEs like Visual Studio Code and Eclipse.
I worked over 18 months as a mentor for undergraduate students and I have great leadership skills.
I have strong interpersonal management, communication and problem resolution skills and ability to work with the team.
Ability to work independently with a minimum of supervision and be able to manage multiple project assignments and competing priorities under aggressive deadlines and pressure.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY:

Testing Tools
Selenium, Appium, Cucumber, JMeter, Junit, TestNG, Postman
Bug Tracker
Jira
Programming languages
Python, Ruby, Java (with Struts & MuleSoft), PHP, JavaScript
Databases, Cloud
PostgreSQL, My SQL, AWS, Azure
Web Technologies
HTML5, CSS3, XML, jQuery, JSON, JavaScript, Ajax, Bootstrap
Version Controller
GIT, CI/CD, Jenkins
Operating System:
Windows, Ubuntu, Linux, and Mac
Office Tools
Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook
Browsers
IE, Chrome, Mozilla Fire Fox, Safari
IDE’s
Eclipse, IntelliJ, Visual studio code

EDUCATION:

Master of Science in Computer Science & Engineering. Rivier University, Nashua, NH

COURSEWORK:
Object Oriented Design, Computer Architecture, Information Technology, Software Quality Assurance (SQA), Networking Technologies, Database Management Systems (DBMS), Java Programming, Computer Security, Computer Architecture, Data Mining, Multimedia and Web Development.

Key Skills:
Adaptability – I am very curious and Willing to learn the new things and I show more interest to take new challenges to make the adjustments in work environment.
Attention – I would like to analyze the problems and pay the attention to solve the problems in detail to check the errors and inaccuracies.
Communication – I have great communication skills to interact with other teams and management team.
Creativity – I have my own way to solve the issues with good and accurate results. I will manage my time handling the hard situations in cool manner.
Decision making – I can choose the best choice from all alternatives to make a good decision. I can observe the problem to resolve in all ways and take the decision.
Leadership – I had good leadership skills, where I worked in previous workplace. I can lead with diplomatic manner, straight forward talk and respect with each and every-one suggestions and decision.
Multi-tasking – I have ability to manage the multi-tasking in my prioritized workplace, when I have multiple things to accomplish, I will be able to focus on the accurate solution right away.
Positivity – I can create a plan before starting the work. In my way there is perfect plan and attitude makes positivity in workplace.
Self-Motivation – My self-motivation is my strength, I can help others in solving problems.
Time-management – I can manage my time with accurate results to finding the solutions.

Professional Experience:

Client Name: BI Labs Inc January 2022 – Current
Job Title: QA Engineer
Expertise in different phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including methodologies like Agile and Waterfall. Actively involved in Scrum Methodology for the project from requirements through delivery of the project.
Executed functional, integration, and regression testing of the website.
Carried out regular meetings and walkthrough with development team members, and Project Manager to better understand system functionality to improve quality.
Explore different phases in the lifecycle and then created the system in a way that the riskier claims could be easily identified and monitored.
Performed Gap analysis and was involved in analysis of the technical specifications of the current system and the infrastructure needs.
Organized program leadership meetings for the top management to discuss the issues, risks and assign actions to specific work stream owners.
Planned and defined system requirements to Narrative Use Cases and Use Case Scenarios using the UML methodologies. Created Use Case Diagrams, Activity Diagrams and Flow Diagrams.
Created testing environment and setup test data needed to reproduce issues and execute test cases.
Ability to perform Compatibility testing with different browsers like Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari and with different operating systems like Windows, Android, Mac OS.
Created Test Summary Report and submitted to the project management for easy tracking.
Tracked and documented defects, quality metrics, and worked to ensure bugs are resolved in a timely manner and met the project schedule.
Carried out UAT by developing test plans, test scenarios, test cases, test data to be used in testing based on business and user requirements, technical specifications and/or product knowledge.
Hands-on experience with all levels of testing like Integration, Regression, Smoke, Sanity, Functional Testing, System testing and UAT.
Working on Python with selenium & bash/shell scripting for scheduling automated jobs and process some functionalities.
Worked on the preparation of Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Reports, Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Conduct test case reviews, provide project related status reporting, coordinate all release planning, and lead the testing team through all project phases.
Involved in front end automation scripts writing with Java and Selenium and also worked on Back End testing using SQL scripts to validate data in back end, I can write select, update, delete queries based on the usage requirement.
I worked on mobile testing as well to validate UI and functional testing on mobile.
I used postman for API testing, and I worked on many APIs to test several functionalities and registration testing on several services.
I worked with business analysist to get the requirement and analyze the functionality for application.
I analyzed the flow with team and wrote the test cases to meet the business rules.
I tested the application from end to end to cover all my test cases.
Involved in Back End testing using SQL scripts to validate data in back end, I can write select, update, delete queries based on the usage requirement.
I used to work on manual testing, API Testing and I have some knowledge in automation testing. I worked on both regression testing and smoke testing.
Worked on Azure develops to deploy CI/CD pipelines and Git version control used for code repository.
I worked on several IDEs like VS Code, Intelligent, Eclipse …etc.
I used to guide and monitor my team and work with them to deliver the product with quality in each time.
I have good communication skills to co-ordinate with team to discuss about business flow, functionality, stories, and defects.
I have excellent problem solving, analytic skills and critical thinking skills.
I am self-starter and actively participate within the team.
I have great team player and I can work with fast pacing projects.
I have great leadership skills and communication skills to work with team and give updates to management.
Environments: Java, Python, Selenium, Postman, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, PostgreSQL, VS Code, AWS, Azure, Git, IDEs.

Academic Projects:

Project Report Billing System (Software Quality Assurance):
Description:
I worked on the Billing System project, For easy bill generation purpose.
In this project the bill generation employee adds the customer purchases item costs and update the bill and generate the overall bill for the customer purchase items.
I worked on the automated billing negation software testing.
I worked on the mathematical calculations and operations and whenever the user provided the input values.
I worked on the user selective option about bill automatic software which will show the customer total bill details.
The above all mathematical calculations are used by McCabe’s Complexity Metrics Report, Unit level test paths, Halstead’s Metrics Report, Object-Oriented Metrics Report.
Application Functionality:
1.I tested the application on various functionalities like Add customers details on this project, by manual entry of enrollment form details with several test cases based on form requirements.
2.I tested adding customer purchase items to generate bill based on items selection.
3.I tested on edit the items selected like remove items and add items based on customer preference, this will help me to cover all test cases.
4.I tested generating bill report based on customer selected items and price per each selected items are valid and number of items they purchased during their visit.

University Library Database Management System:
Description:
I worked on the University Library Database Management System for maintaining books.
In this project we will use books category, availability, rent history, members details.
I worked on the library management system to build database structure with required tables and their mapping.
I used front end technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP to display the library webpage to access users.
I used PHP for backend and PostgreSQL as database.
Application Functionality:
1.I built the front-end application to display home page with menus to select different options like
a.Login/Signup (Members can login/ New members can register)
i.Manage Account (Update their profile information)
ii.Rent History (It displays all the history with dates)
b.Search (Search the books using name/ID for availability)
2.For backend to make connection from front end to database I used PHP & PostgreSQL and I built tables & functions to store & manage the data.
3.For security purpose I used encryptions as well.
4.By using python with selenium web driver, I made automated script to run the application testing for demo purpose which is a great add to my project.

Reference Links:

1.LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sowjanya-chetaboina-78553524b/
2.GitHub: https://github.com/chettaboinasowjanya
Training & Certificates:

1.Selenium Basics: https://olympus1.mygreatlearning.com/course_certificate/GNDGXCOO
2.Selenium with Python: https://olympus1.mygreatlearning.com/course_certificate/EOZFPAVE
3.Selenium Project with Python: https://olympus1.mygreatlearning.com/course_certificate/KFZXPVWZ
4.Software Testing Tutorial: https://olympus1.mygreatlearning.com/course_certificate/ANFXIKIE
5.SQL Projects for Beginners: https://olympus1.mygreatlearning.com/course_certificate/VIRHQAOF
6.QR code in Python: https://olympus1.mygreatlearning.com/course_certificate/GMRCXBGD
Contact this candidate