ARINAS IKRAM
QA Automation Engineer
Chantilly, VA
571-***-****
US citizen
ad3log@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
As a QA Engineer, over 5 years of A dynamic and an achievement-oriented QA Automation Test Engineer /Quality Analyst with 5 years of experience in various domains including health, airlines and food service. proven ability in designing and creating automation frameworks using Java, Selenium, Cucumber, Junit, TestNG, Maven, and Jenkins.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
●experience specializing in Software Quality Assurance
●In depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC)
●Experienced different methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall, specifically SCRUM.
●Good at using automation tools such as Jenkins, Postman, TestNG, JUnit, Cucumber, Selenium.
●Proficient in using Selenium WebDriver/IDE to develop testing scripts for web applications.
●Well versed with identifying web elements using CSS selectors, Xpath expressions and the other locators in Selenium WebDriver.
●Experienced in the development of different types of frameworks such as Data driven, Behavior Driven, and Hybrid frameworks.
●Solid knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concept.
●Extensively used Java, and SQL programming languages for automation.
●Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
●Extensive experience in TestNG annotations, grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods, and Test Suites in Selenium WebDriver.
●Extensive experience in Test Estimation & Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) and creating Test Cases, Test Scripts,
●Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, Regression Testing, Backend Testing, Black-Box Testing, API Testing, Functional Testing, Positive/ Negative Testing, System Testing, GUI Software Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Cross Browser/ Cross Platform Testing, Boundary Value Testing.
●Solid knowledge on Maven and Ant for build management tool, Jenkins for continuous integration.
●Expert using agile project management and bug tracking tool JIRA, Trello, and Bugzilla.
●Proficient in using GIT and GitHub to store projects in remote repository and have knowledge to use SVN and Bitbuckets.
●Participated in Bug Life Cycle, tracking and retesting bugs during testing until bugs are resolved
●Ability to adapt to new environment quickly, strong team player, good communication, positive discipline, good analytical and computation skills, enthusiastic learner, confident, determined.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
General Dynamics Information Technology, Washington DC— QA Automation/Manual Engineer
August 2022– May 2023
Responsibilities:
●Worked with agile methodology.
●Attended meetings with the development team to understand technical design and architecture
●Executed Manual and Automation Tests and created defect reports using Defect Tracking Azure Devops.
●Prepared and maintained the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure adequate coverage of the test cases
●Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG framework.
●Used Locators to find the web element especially XPath and CSS Selector, and TestNG Annotations.
●Implemented Selenium automation test scripts using Java as a programming language.
●Created framework, specified dependencies inside POM.xml file and used this XML files to execute test cases.
●Used different XML files to run tests on specific functionalities as well as Regression, Smoke.
●Performed parallel testing, executed test cases simultaneously on different platforms.
●Performed Manual and Automated Smoke, Functional, Regression and Integration testing.
●Utilized Oracle Database and SQL Queries to perform Backend testing. Compared and Verified tables with company database server.
●Used Excel and Apache-poi to perform data driven testing in Selenium with TestNG.
●Utilized GitHub to store projects in the repository.
●Worked with developers regarding defects, participated in tracking, reviewed and analyzed bugs.
Environment:
(QA, Stage, Stage clone Java, Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber (BDD), Gherkin TestNG, GitHub, Eclipse IDE, Maven, Agile HTML, X-Path, CSS Selector.
Alliance Tek Solutions, Chantilly, VA — QA Automation Engineer
Dec 2017 – July2022
Responsibilities:
●Analyzed business requirements, created Test Cases and Test Scripts.
●Worked with agile methodology specifically Scrum.
●Worked in a Development (Scrum) team, attended to Scrum Ceremonies such as Daily Scrums, Sprint Planning, and Sprint Retrospective.
●Implemented and maintained Java codes for testing web applications using Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber.
●Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression, Backend, Database and API testing.
●Created the Automation framework to execute test cases on different platforms by following a Hybrid model and using Selenium WebDriver.
●Involved in coding and design of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (Cucumber and Maven).
●Performed tests using Cucumber Features in BDD format, wrote Test Scenarios in Gherkin Language with Gherkin Keywords and implemented Java codes for each and every steps.
●Setup and used Jenkins for scheduled and automated test execution.
●Used different types of methods in Selenium to handle Alerts, Pop-ups, Windows, Tables, Calendars, and Frames.
●Executed test cases and created bug reports and tracked until the bug is resolved using JIRA as an Agile Project Management Tool.
●Used Maven as a Build Management Tool, GIT as a Version Control System, and GitHub as a Source Repository.
●Worked with Postman as an API Development Environment, wrote Java codes to automate API testing.
●Performed Backend testing to validate data using SQL as a language and Oracle Database.
●Executed SQL Queries in database to compare data, implemented test scripts to automate database testing.
Environment:
Java,SQL, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber (BDD), Gherkin, JUnit, Jenkins, GIT, GitHub, Eclipse IDE, Maven, Agile, Scrum, Postman, Apache poi.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Testing Tools
Selenium IDE/WebDriver
Languages
JAVA, JSON, GHERKIN, SQL, JavaScript
IDE
Eclipse, SQL Developer
Test Framework
Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG, BDD, Protractor
Build Tool
Maven
Processes
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Azure Devops
Continuous Integration Tools
Jenkins
Data Bases
Oracle, MySQL
REST API Testing Tool
Postman

EDUCATION:
Bachelor’s degree:
Major: Pharmacy

Courses / Training:
Syntax Technologies:
Graduated from Syntax Technologies Coding program that specializes in Test Automation, Data Analytics and Data Science.
Contact this candidate