Profile
Seasoned QA Engineer with over eight years of experience in establishing
and enhancing Quality Assurance practices across diverse industries, including media, healthcare, project management, and retail. A results- oriented professional known for automating testing processes, raising quality standards, and optimizing product reliability. Proven track record of collaborating with cross-functional teams to improve UX/UI and drive monetization strategies.
Employment History
Automated Test Engineer at Chive Media Group, Austin JULY 2023 — JANUARY 2024
Handled all testing on multiple sites and mobile apps that previously had no formal testing strategy. Developed and improved processes, standards and practices that increased velocity and raised the overall quality of our products. Transitioned us from informal manual testing to full automated coverage with Selenium and Java.
Achievements:
● Built comprehensive automated test coverage from the ground up for two websites with Selenium in Java
● Eliminated QA bottleneck with a regression suite that performed days of manual testing work in minutes
● Spearheaded effort to greatly improve performance and reliability on our two mobile apps, reducing crash rates from 20% to <1%
● Collaborated closely with product manager to develop a monetization strategy for a site that had none before
Quality Assurance Engineer at Reliant Immune Diagnostics (MDBox), Austin
SEPTEMBER 2017 — DECEMBER 2022
● Ultimately responsible for all quality on a telemedicine platform that incorporates mobile and web apps, at an early stage startup that had no QA and very little development process in place when I arrived. Worked to continually refine these along with handling day to day QA responsibilities of test case writing and execution, bug reporting and regression planning. Created automated UI tests with Cypress and REST API tests with Postman.
Achievements:
● Designed and implemented testing workflow and strategy from the ground up at an early stage startup
● Trained and mentored new QA testers
● Implemented and refined agile development processes
● Served as the point of contact between engineering and non-technical teams and provided technical assistance for them
● Collaborated with product and UX teams to prioritize bug fixes and feature development
Quality Assurance Associate at Accruent LLC, Austin APRIL 2016 — SEPTEMBER 2017
Performed all types of testing for a team that built a mobile app from the first sprint to general release. Highly skilled in finding bugs and defects, as well as pointing out potential issues before they happen. Achievements:
● Made a large overhaul of QA standards and best practices for my team
● Led and contributed to standup, grooming, sprint planning, and retro meetings on an Agile team
● Implemented Agile and Scrum methodologies on a newly created team.
● Wrote and maintained a large library of test cases
● Spearheaded the implementation of performance testing then transferred that knowledge to my team
● Served as release manager for our patches and monthly releases IT Support Specialist at Home Depot Austin Tech Center, Austin JANUARY 2015 — APRIL 2016
Highly effective in troubleshooting, researching and repairing application errors. Excellent verbal and written communication skills for customer service and incident documentation.
Achievements:
● Ranked in top one percent of all agents in performance metrics
● Created over 20 new knowledge base articles, edited many more
● Coached and trained new agents
● Achieved one of the best closure rates in my department
● Discovered workarounds to new software bugs as they arose Education
University of Texas at Austin, Bachelor of Journalism
• Photo Editor at The Daily Texan, supervised a staff of 20 photographers
Austin Community College, Computer Science and QA program
● Coursework in software testing, programming in Java and C++, SQL and networking
Previous Work Experience
Professional photographer, as staff photojournalist at The Daily Texan, The Round Rock Leader and other freelance and commercial work. Published in The Washington Post, New York Times and others.
Contact this candidate