TB
Tati Bakir
Professional Summary
Highly skilled and results-driven QA Automation Engineer with 6 years of extensive experience in the software quality assurance industry. Proficient in designing, implementing, and maintaining automated systems for back-end and UI, ensuring product quality and a seamless user experience. Well-versed in a wide range of automation tools and technologies, including Java, Docker, RestAPI, Jenkins, Cucumber, and Selenium. Expert in crafting automation frameworks and test strategies to expedite release cycles. Thorough experience in black, white, and grey box testing, encompassing test case development, testing plans, and use case identification. Proficient in the complete software development lifecycle
(SDLC). A dedicated professional committed to staying updated with industry trends and best practices. Strong communication skills for effective collaboration with team members, stakeholders, and management
Work History
Credit Karma - QA Automation Engineer
San Francisco, CA
01/2021 - Current
Monitored API consumption and API error rate and identified issues and resolved conflicts.
●
Developed and executed multiple SQL queries to validate data integrity in the SQL backend.
●
● Configured Jenkins to consistently execute the automation test scripts. Reported system bugs and regression testing results to the development team to ensure that the software meets all specifications.
●
Executed detailed manual testing, database testing, compatibility testing and identified issues, monitored defect resolution process, ensured on time delivery of quality output with no critical defects.
●
Automated existing test cases, system testing, functional testing, integration testing, stress testing and usability testing.
●
Monitored the CI/CD process, ensured the latest version of the code was deployed and verified the bug fixes and feature implementations.
●
Maintains and updated test documentation, test plans and test cases and used defect tracking tool - JIRA to manage application defects.
●
ad3nq7@r.postjobfree.com
628-***-****
San Francisco, CA 94103
Skills
Programming Languages/OS
Java, Gherkin, XML, HTML, CSS, SQL,
Unix/Linux, macOS, Windows
Project Methodologies
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, SDLC, STLC,
Bug Life Cycle
Defect Tracking/ Build tools / Version
Control/ CI Tools
Maven, Jira, Trello / Azure DevOps,
Jenkins, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket
Automation Testing Tools
Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber,
TestNG, JUnit, Rest Assured, Apache
POI
Frameworks
BDD (Behavior Driven Development),
TDD (Test Driven Development), POM
(Page Object Model), Data Driven, Page
Factory.
Discover - QA Automation Engineer
San Francisco, CA
02/2018 - 01/2021
Implemented automated test scripts and tested back-end services using Postman.
●
Established team collaboration in troubleshooting application issues and successfully increased test coverage by 35%.
●
Developed automated scripts and tested web applications using Cucumber, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Java to ensure high quality products.
• Reduced manual test cases from 48 to 4 by scripting test cases, decreased elapsed time on automation from 45 minutes to 5 minutes, increased software defects detection rate to 99%.
• Executed security compliance and penetration tests to discover vulnerabilities, monitored and reported results to engineering team.
• Developed responsive, data driven automated test scripts using Selenium WebDriver in Java.
• Created bug reports and documented the entire test cycle and test analysis results.
• Worked with DevOps and Configuration Management to ensure end- to-end deployment process runs efficiently.
• Developed test automation frameworks using Core Java, JUnit and TestNG. .
• Performed exploratory tests to validate new features and updated functionalities.
• Conducted cross-browser testing in multiple environments to ensure optimal performance.
• Provided accurate estimates of test coverage and effort for verification and validation activities.
●
Contact this candidate