RENAGULI
QA AUTOMATION ENGINEER
470-***-****
ad3rdl@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/rina-i-aa97052a3
Green Card Candidate
I have 6 years of experience in Manual and Automation Testing. I am good at Web Application and API Testing. I have hands on experience of Java, Selenium WebDirver, Karate API, Cucumber and TestNG, JUnit, MySQL, TestRail, LambdaTest. CAREER SUMMARY
Ø Strong knowledge in Test Automation with Selenium and other testing tools. Ø Strong knowledge in Regression Testing and End-To-End Testing process. Ø Familiar with Retail Industry and Home service industries. Ø Experienced in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), and project management methodologies like Agile Scrum. Ø Experienced in Scrum ceremonies: Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective meeting.
Ø Strong knowledge in Manual and Automation Testing in multifunctional environment. Ø Strong knowledge in Page Object Model, Page Factory, Maven, Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, JUnit, Cucumber, Jenkins, Postman, Karate API. Ø Automated the Test cases using Java, Maven, Selenium WebDriver, Karate API and Cucumber.
Ø Strong knowledge of Java OOP features while maintaining Framework for the Java based Testing Framework with JUnit.
Ø Experienced TestNG parallel execution of tests, classes and suites with XML file. Ø Developed test cases based on Acceptance Criteria using Gherkin language on Cucumber.
Ø Automated API test cases using Karate API framework. Ø Tested RESTFUL Web services using POSTMAN,
Ø Verified HTTP Status Code for various API request. Ø Intensively used different HTTP method like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH for data validation and assertion.
Ø Experienced in SQL Back-End Testing using Oracle SQL. Ø Used TestRail for maintaining manual test cases for various functionalities. Ø Used LambdaTest to execute manual and automated test cases on various devices and environment.
Ø Experienced in working with version control systems like GIT and used source code management client tools like GitLab.
Ø Used Jira as defect management tool and as bug tracking tool to identify defects and communicated with developers and tracked the defects through their entire life cycle. Ø Strong interaction with developers, managers, and team members to coordinate job tasks. 2
Ø Established good Relationship with developers, designers, customers, and management.
Ø Developed Test Case based on business and functional requirement. Ø Maintained Maven project written on Java to develop and execute tests. Ø Executed Test Cases, including Manual, and Functional Tests. TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Languages Java, SQL, Html, CSS
Automation Tools Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, JUnit, Maven, Cucumber, Postman, REST Assured, Karate API, TestRail, LambdaTest
Management Jenkins, Jira
Databases Oracle SQL
Repository System Git
Testing Framework TestNG, Junit, Karate
Continuous
integration
Jenkins, GitLab
Build tool Maven
Parallel Testing Parallel Testing
QA Automation Engineer Frontdoor.
MEMPIS, TN
JUNE 2020 – PRESENT
RESPONSIBLITIES:
Ø Developed Automation Scripts in Selenium and JUnit framework. Ø Responsible for maintain Automation Framework using Selenium/Java. Ø Implemented Test Automation Framework based on Page Object Model, Java, and Selenium & JUnit.
Ø Experienced in testing processes, creating, implementing testing strategies. Ø Run Karate API framework before every deployment. Ø Automated API test cases with Karate API framework. Ø Developed automation script for testing MyAccount functionality. Ø Executed test cases in LambdaTest.
Ø Analyzed weekly based automation test report from TestRail. Ø Experience testing in RESTFULL web service testing using Postman. Ø Validated JSON formatted data, using different http method. 3
Ø Intensively used different HTTP method like GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, PATCH for data validation and assertion.
Ø Verified HTTP Status Code for various API request. Ø Validated API test case with Postman manually before automation. Ø Responsible for Regression Testing before releassing new features into Production environment.
Ø Automated new features and functionalities for Web Application. Ø Guaranteed Zero defect leakage to production.
Ø Detected and reported Defects related to MyAccount and cross domain. Ø Familiar with End-to-End testing process.
Ø Familiar with development process and the development lifecycle of Epic and Stories. Ø Responsible for executing Cross-Browser Testing. Ø Implemented Test Automation Framework on Lambda Test by Gitlab scheduler. Ø Strong experience in the various functionality of web application and Home Service industry.
Ø Familiar with analyzing failed test case, debugging and fixing the issue. Ø Used TestRail report and analyzing execution result. Ø Experienced in using GitLab as a source repository system to share code within the offshore and onsite team.
Ø Executed same test cases on multiple browsers.
Ø Familiar with creating defects and bugs using Jira Tool. Ø Actively took part in daily stand-up meetings, Sprint planning, Sprint retrospective and Sprint reviews meeting.
Ø Executed Test Cases and identified defects continuously. Ø Executed Test Cases to compare the actual result with expected results in accordance with functional aspects of the applications.
Ø Attending daily transition and scrum meetings to discuss about project related activities. Ø Participated daily basis and weekly basis meeting to discuss the upcoming changes in the code work flow and other major issues.
Ø Familiar with working in Agile (Scrum) methodology in offshore and onsite team. Environment and Tools: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Junit, GitLab, Eclipse, Jira, IntelliJ, Microsoft Team, Lambda Test, TestRail, Karate API framewrok. Test Automation Engineer ShopRunner
CHICAGO, IL
MAY 2017 – APRIL 2020
RESPONSIBLITIES:
Ø Participated in daily Scrum/Agile meetings to understand the development progress and refine Test Cases.
Ø Configured Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber and Maven tool and created Automation Scripts in Java.
Ø Strong experience in the various functionality of web application and Retail industry. Ø Familiar with analyzing failed test case, debugging and fixing the issue. Ø Responsible for maintain Automation Framework using Cucumber/Java. 4
Ø Used Gherkin scripting language for developing Automation Scripts on Cucumber Framework.
Ø Detected and reported Defects related to cross domain (Personalized product recommendation).
Ø Performing daily Smoke Test Manually on different browsers (e.g.: Firefox, Safari and IE) Ø Executed Test Cases, including Manual, and Functional Tests. Ø Report bugs and errors to development teams and follow up with developers. Ø Implemented Test Automation Framework based on Page Object Model, Java, and Cucumber.
Ø Used Maven build tool for managing repository.
Ø Integrated Cucumber with Extended report to generate Test Execution result. Ø Executed Functional, Positive, Negative Testing. Ø Experienced using Jenkins as Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment tool. Ø Responsible to execute Cross-Browser Testing (Executing Test Cases against various browsers like Firefox, Chrome and Safari etc.).
Ø Executed Browser Compatibility Testing (Chrome, Safari) of a Web based application. Ø Experience in Back-End Testing with SQL queries using JDBC Ø Verified test results by writing SQL queries for accessing data from the MySQL database.
Ø Wrote SQL queries to test performance Database Testing for the Application. Ø Used log4j for debugging Automation Script and getting report. Ø Used defect/ test management tools like Jira.
Ø Implemented Selenium Web-driver to run Regression Tests on multiple platforms and browsers.
Ø Developed Automation Scripts in Selenium for Smoke Test and Regression Testing. Ø Responsible in creating Test Scenarios, Test Case execution and maintaining defects using Jira Tool.
Ø Responsible for attending daily scrum meetings to discuss about project related activities. Ø Experienced working in Agile (Scrum) methodology with a cross functional team. Ø Involved in Scrum meetings with the Development and Product Management team and analyzed and developed product stories.
Ø Report bugs and errors to development teams and follow up with developers. Ø Tested checkbox, radio button, dropdown using XPath and other locators. Ø Attended daily meeting to report the status about defects. Ø Worked closely with the QA team and implemented Agile methodology. Environment and Tools: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, TestNG, Junit, API, Hamcrest, REST Assured Library, Postman, Git, Eclipse, Jira, IntelliJ, MySQL, Excel, Windows, Cucumber.
Contact this candidate