Sirisha Gujjarlapudi
Sr. QA Engineer/ Analyst
Email ID: ad3s5h@r.postjobfree.com
Contact:614-***-****

Summary:
Over 12 years IT experience in Software Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Testing and Delivery.
Exposure to all stages of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle), STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle) and Defect Management Life Cycle.
Experience in developing and executing Test Plans, Test Scenarios, RTMs, Test scripts, Test cases and Test reports based on business and functional requirement specifications in agile environment.
Proficient in Business Functionality, Regression, Integration, Unit, System, GUI and User Acceptance Testing.
Proficient in writing SQL queries for DB testing using SQL Server and Toad for MySQL
Experience in using SOAP UI, Postman for web service testing, REST API testing.
Expertise in Black box and White Box testing techniques.
Experience driving Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Experience in testing web based and workflow related enterprise applications in HR, Quality, Banking and Finance domains.
Worked on Bugzilla, JIRA, TFS for defect reporting and tracking.
Experience in building C#/.Net, JAVA automation scripts with Selenium, GitHub and Jenkins.
Good Knowledge in writing Postman and Rest Assured scripts for API testing.
Hands-on experience with all levels of testing viz., Integration, Regression, Smoke, Sanity, Functional Testing, System testing and UAT.
Experience in Automation testing using QTP/UFT, Tosca, Selenium and squish.
Experience in doing automation testing for Mobile application using Appium tool and Perfecto mobile software, which involves IOS and ANDROID platforms.
Performed functional testing of web services using SOAPUI and RESTful web services. Added assertions to validate the XML or WSDL file.
Maintained the Selenium & JAVA automation code and resources in configuration management tools like GitHub/SVN repository over the time for improvements and new features.
Responsible for developing the scripts to support Jenkins (Continuous Integration) of the scripts with the build server.
Good Experience on Analysis testing, Automation testing tool (Tosca, Lisa, Jerkins, QTP)
Experience in application development using PYTHON, Django, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Oracle, MySQL, NoSQL, PostgreSQL and SQLite.
Took initiative to convince the customers in having proper user story refinement meetings before the sprint planning meetings, and stressed the need for having a low level detail in the acceptance criteria that would help the testers to write the test cases and automation scripts well in advance. This helped the overall project implementation process in providing high quality deliverables to the customers well within the timelines which ultimately helped in building great confidence in our teams and relationship with the customers.
Involved in Identifying and documenting the test strategy and test plans, execution of test cases in agile environment Writing and executing test automation scripts.

Core Competencies:
•Performing QA tasks to ensure the code works as per the Business Requirement Specifications (BRD).
•Worked on Program change requests (PCR) in the monthly release format.
•Identifying, analyzing defects, questionable functions, errors, and inconsistencies in software program functions, outputs, online screens, and content.
•Creating test cases and test data based on Business requirements.
•Reporting software defects in a clear and concise manner and monitor their progress.
•Documenting, tracking, and communicating test plans, test results, analysis, and unresolved problems.

Academics:
QIS Engineering College, J.N.T University, with First Class in the year April 2006

Technical Skills:
Operating Systems : Windows 7, Windows 2000, UNIX and IOS
Languages : Java, Shell Scripting
Testing Tools : QTP, SoapUI, Quality Centre, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber
Testing Reporting Tool : Jenkins 2.346
Source Code Mgmt Tool : Github
Framework : TestNG, Nunit,Junit
Test Management Tools : TFS, DevOps, JIRA, Bugzilla
Databases & Tools : MySQL, SQL Developer, SQL + & TOAD
Web Services : SOAP and REST APIs, Postman, Rest Assured
Client / Server Technologies : Servlet, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, JSON

Professional Experience:

Client: Cyber Soft Technologies, Houston, Texas (Hybrid) Jan 2022 - July 2023
Role: Sr .QA Engineer

Project Name: Primero edge

Description: Primero edge provides you with an entire school nutrition department in one centralised system. It’s an ideal solution for users looking to streamline their operations and helps students get the most out of their meals. Primero serves districts and state agencies across united states.
Responsibilities:
•Analyzed System specification documents, Business requirement document and developed Test Cases, Test Scripts and Test procedures based on business requirement documentation for the testing of application software and reviewed with the clients.
•Using C# as a programming language and Visual Studios as IDE for automating the Test Suite with Selenium WebDriver and TestUnit framework.
•Developed automation using Page object model (POM).
•Design and development of BDD framework.
•Worked as a testing advocate on the team and monitored automated tests, successfully running in a CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery) pipeline making sure that the average pass percentage of the integration tests is above 90% before every sprint release to internal production environments tracking the release readiness of the features.
•Participating in daily scrum meetings to discuss the application features, test cases and related issues.
•Implemented test scripts manually using Postman for API testing
•Worked closely with the business and development team to review the requirements.
•Participate in a full testing lifecycle including Functional Specification documentation, use cases Documentation, Identifying and documenting the Test strategy and Test plans, execution of Test cases in Agile Environment.
•Created process control guidelines for QA testing process and documented process for obtaining project team and stakeholders sign off.
•Track and report testing activities, including testing results, test case coverage, required resources, defects discovered and their status, performance baselines, etc.
•Used TFS for creating, tracking, and analyzing the bugs.
•Gather all the necessary information for testers to complete the project within the scheduled timelines.
•Maintained the project status report daily and provided it to the team management and project manager.
•Executed SQL queries to validate integration app frontend and backend integration business rules manually, performed integration against Oracle database.
•Conducted Cross Browser Testing to check the compatibility of the Application with different Browsers.
•Responsible for testing EDMS (Enterprise Data Management System) controls on Imports and Exports.
•Gather all the necessary information for testers to complete the project within the scheduled timelines.
•Maintained the project status report daily and provided it to the team management and project manager.
•Attended defect triage and project status meetings weekly with other teams to provide testing updates.
•Interaction with key developers to resolve the defects effectively.
•Weekly Activities involve Creation of Status reports, Time sheets, Utilization reports and Productivity Metrics.
•Actively involved in daily sync up meetings with development team, business system analyst, project manager, senior test team lead in the project.
•As a Team Lead, Took initiative to convince the customers in having proper user story refinement meetings before the sprint planning meetings, and stressed the need for having a low level detail in the acceptance criteria that would help the testers to write the test cases and automation scripts well in advance. This helped the overall project implementation process in providing high quality deliverables to the customers well within the timelines, which ultimately helped in building great confidence in our teams and relationship with the customers.
•As a Team Lead,Involved in Identifying and documenting the test strategy and test plans, execution of test cases in agile environment Writing and executing test automation scripts.

•

Environment: C#, SQL Server, TFS, Microsoft Windows JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, SSRS

Client:Universal Health Services. Inc, Philadelphia, PA(Remote)Sept 2020 – Nov 2021
Role: QA Engineer

Project Name: NOHS portal App

Description: As part of this project, USHS configure the activities, programs, Challenges, rewards in the portal and test them in application. There were couple of clients associated with this app and who configure all the programs challenges and rewards, for which the testing is performed in backend. This is mainly health-based application to track the health activities.

Responsibilities
Analyzed System specification documents, Business requirement document and developed Test Cases, Test Scripts and Test procedures based on business requirement documentation for the testing of application software and reviewed with the clients.
Participating in daily scrum meetings to discuss the application features, test cases and related issues
Worked closely with the business and development team to review the requirements and maintained them in the Quality Center.
Participated in a full testing lifecycle including Functional Specification documentation, use cases Documentation, Identifying and documenting the Test strategy and Test plans, execution of Test cases in Agile Environment.
Created process control guidelines for QA testing process and documented process for obtaining project team and stakeholders sign off.
Track and report testing activities, including testing results, test case coverage, required resources, defects discovered and their status, performance baselines, etc.
Automated functional, & Web and intranet application regression scenarios using Selenium WebDriver, Maven & Jenkins & Data Tables.
Created Test scripts to mimic user interactions using Actions, CSS, XPath Element Locators and WebDriver methods, related separate classes to store locators and methods using Page Object model of test scripts.
Reviewed various reports prepared by Test engineers and Log project related issues in the defect tracking tool were identified for the project.
Performed Parameterization using Data Driven testing using TestNG in Selenium Web Driver for regression testing & imported test data from Excel for the same.
executed SQL queries to validate integration app frontend and backend integration business rules manually, performed integration against Oracle database.
Documented bugs and worked with the development team to resolve issues.
Performed API and Web Services - WSDL testing using SOAP UI to test integration application.
Scheduled and facilitated test case reviews with peers, Developers, and Business Analysts.
Interacted with developers to resolve the severity, priority bug issues, which would affect incoming generating functionality in Production.
Prepared Test Plan, Test Scripts, Test Cases for Integration and UAT testing.
Used HPALM tool for writing test cases and for maintaining test results.
Used JIIRA for creating, tracking, and analyzing the bugs.
Gather all the necessary information for testers to complete the project within the scheduled timelines.
Maintained the project status report daily and provided it to the team management and project manager.
Attended defect triage and project status meetings weekly with other teams to provide testing updates.
Interaction with key developers to resolve the defects effectively.
Weekly Activities involve Creation of Status reports, Time sheets, Utilization reports and Productivity Metrics.
Actively involved in daily sync up meetings with development team, business system analyst, project manager, senior test team lead in the project.

Environment: Java, Oracle, Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, TestNG, Maven, HP ALM tool, IIS 6.0, Microsoft Windows XP, Web Services, Soap UI

Client: Flagstar Bank, Troy, MI Aug 2018 – Aug 2020
Role: QA Engineer

Project Name: SLoaD

Description: Flagstar Bank is a bank headquartered in Michigan. It is the primary subsidiary of Flagstar Bancorp, Inc., a bank holding company. It is one of the largest residential mortgage servicers and is on the list of largest banks in the United States. SLoaD is a decisioning system for default loans in the Home Mortgage area. This application will give an option to the borrower to modify the existing loan based on the hardship reason and provides a depends on the temporary or permanent hardship by changing the loan terms or changing the interest rates.

Responsibilities:
•Reviewed and Analyzed the System Requirement Specifications (SRS) and design documents.
•Performed Functional/Regression testing, Integration testing, System testing and User acceptance testing.
•Involved in all meetings, defect scrums throughout the development life cycle (Planning, Development, Testing and UAT).
•Coordinate with QA Manager to develop Business scenario Test Cases for functional testing.
•Written Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, and Test Scenarios for the Quality releases and Maintenance releases in Agile Environment.
•Modified test scripts and added new functions according to the enhancements.
•Performed the front-end and backend Queries to view successful transactions to validate the data using SQL.
•Automated Regression and Functional test suites developing test code and enhanced using Eclipse IDE, WebDriver and Junit framework using Java language, TestNG (Annotations) framework for scripting.
•Created Test Cases using Element Locators such as CSS, XPath, Chrome path and WebDriver methods - Actions such as Move To, alert. Switch .to, Select, Assert & Verify
•Stored all locators and methods in separate classes using Page Object model in Selenium WebDriver to maintain the test suite.
•Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML ids, CSS Selectors and XPATH in Selenium.
•Ran the scripts on multiple environments (QA, preprod) to validate those requirements were met.
•Performed Data Driven and cross-browser testing on various browsers and browser versions using Selenium.
•Imported existing IDE scripts to WebDriver, enhanced the scripts and ran the scripts in various environments.
•Worked as a point of contact and guided on onshore and offshore technical testing teams with business and technical inputs.
•Used HPALM for Mapping the Test cases with the Requirements.
•performed extensive Web Services testing using SOAP UI and REST API.
•Generated weekly test progress reports and shared with project management team.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Oracle, Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, TestNG, Maven, IIS 6.0, Microsoft Windows XP, Web services - SOAP UI, XML and Quality Center, JIIRA, GitHub.

Client: Bed Bath & Beyond Inc, Union, NJ Oct 2017- Jul 2018
Role: QA Automation Tester

Project Name: ATG-BBB
Description: This is a web application which contains the products related to the business. The end users search for the products and proceed to checkout after providing the shipping, billing details. The end user also has the advantage of utilizing the BBB coupons, gift cards to get discounts on the cart items. After placing the order user is given the order number and expected delivery date.

Responsibilities
Followed Agile testing methodology, participated in daily SCRUM meetings and testing each SPRINT deliverables.
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse IDE and TestNG framework.
Extensive testing experience in testing applications in development environment.
Conducted Automation/Manual testing using the Standards, guidelines and structured methodology in testing the application using Java.
Manual Testing experiences, documented Test Plan, Test Case using MS Word/Excel.
Used web-debugging tools like XPath, Firebug and Fire path to locate elements.
Designing and executing the automation scripts using Selenium-WebDriver.
Used GIT and Stash to re-modify files and for software development.
Involved in testing Web services (SOAP and REST) and XML with tool called SOAP UI, for the local WSDL / with URL and created Test cases, run them to do security testing.
Continuous monitoring of jobs and analysis of the failures on Jenkins Environment.
Responsible for reporting and tracking the defects using JIRA.
Performing Functional, Regression, GUI, and Integration testing using Selenium with Java.
Determined system defects based on expected outcome of testing performed.
Identified defects and interacted with developers to resolve issues.
Maintain Daily, weekly and project status report.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Oracle, Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, TestNG, Maven, IIS 6.0, Microsoft Windows XP, Web services - SOAP UI, XM

Client: Sterlyn IT Solutions, Hyderabad, India July 2009 - Feb 2012
Role: QA Engineer

Responsibilities
Identified test cases to automate. Automated those test cases using Selenium WebDriver and C# technologies.
Worked with Developers, Architects, and business team in AGILE environment.
Performed System, integration, functional, and UAT.
Integrated Selenium WebDriver into C# backend server to enable the transformation of a complex web application running in Chrome to native mobile apps.
Developed an extensive test suite and performed tests in local environments using Coded UI.
TFS-MTM (coded UI and exploratory testing) for automating tests for regression testing.
Reviewed test plan/use cases/test cases with QA Manager and product owner.
Performed Coded UI automation testing for the application using Microsoft Test Manager.
Worked on Team Foundation Server (TFS) and Microsoft Test Manager (MTM) to effectively manage the product life cycle.
Used Microsoft team foundation server (MS TFS) for defect management tracking purposes Logging defects.
Connected existing systems by using Restful Webs Services.
Generated automated scripts using C# and Visual Studio 2012 using QTP.
Participated in a fully scalable mobile application using WEB API, C#, Entity Framework and SQL Server.
Participated in status meetings to report issues. Communicated with developers through all phases of testing to prioritize bug resolution using Quality Center.
Worked on data driven testing using SoapUI - Groovy, data source loops.
Developed, maintained, and executed load and stress test with JMeter.
Implemented and supported sprint planning and retrospective activities by providing technical support for sprint cycles and testing with Rally tool.
Used Git to checkout code for testing and creating release package for submission to production.
Baseline and Regression tests were scheduled and performed on every Release and build.
Interacted with end users and investigate issues related to the QA.
Prepared detailed test plan for this feature. Created the test matrix and test scenarios by reviewing the functional spec.

Environment: Selenium, C#, SOAP UI, Coded UI, Visual Studio, SQL, TFS, Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), JMeter, Rally, Git, Groovy, UNIX, Java, Oracle

Client: Satyam Technologies, Hyderabad, India May 2006 – June 2009
Role: Test Engineer

Responsibilities:
Prepared Effort Estimation.
Export SQL data to Excel for test issue log analysis.
Responsible for solution copy to test server and solution tracking
Performed Database testing, Integration testing and Security testing
Prepared issue logs and responsible for issue log tracking.
Proactive Interaction with Dev team and dev lead for impact and issues resolution
Performed System, GUI, Functional
Environment: Visual Studio .Net /1.1/ SQL Server 2000/2005 IIS, Window XP/2000, IE 7.0/8.0
Contact this candidate