PRANAY SAHA
CoochBehar, West Bengal ph. no: +916*********
Gmail: ad3un3@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/pranay-saha-781a22175/ PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
JAVA, Selenium
CORE COMPETENCIES
API Testing
JIRA, Gitlab
Postman, SQL, SQA
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Perfios Software Solutions Private Ltd
Test Engineer (DAA) 19 May 2021- Present
Having 2 Years of experience in Manual testing, Database testing, Mobile testing, Automation testing.
Working on Banking domain which is UI based and Customized based for Corporate Bank, Retail Bank, International Bank.
Well rounded exposure in all of SDLC, STLC and Defect Life Cycle. Experience in deriving Test Case based on business requirements and technical specifications.
Knowledge in different type of testing like, Regression testing, Functional testing, End to End testing.
Working in GitHub to analyzing and resolving the bugs. Participated in product release and review.
Experienced with Agile Methodology.
CERTICATION
I have done certification on Manual and Automation Software Testing from QSpiders. PCS Global (Summer Internship certification)
Manual & Automation
Agile Methodology, Scrum
Test Case Design
UI, Mobile testing
Seeking a job opportunity as a Software Testing Engineer in an enterprising environment. To learn and function effectively in an organization where I would be able to utilize my capabilities to deliver the bottom line and in the process add the value to the organization and my career.
I wish to work with a diverse team that strivers towards contributing to the company's vision and goals.
PROJECT DETAILS
Understanding the Requirement and Functional Specifications of the application. Part of Development team, involved in regression as well as On-promise task. Activity involved in multiple testing, requirement tools and found many of existing bugs which helped in improving the quality of the product. Testing all the sheet and Attributes as per the logics. Prepared and Execute Test Cases as per the system requirements. Involved in the communication with other team members in order to understand the deferent processes and in resolving the issues at the earlier. Participating actively in Scrum and Sprint planning. Understanding the Financial Statement and Requirement in the Specification of the Excel sheets.
Worked on Scanned statement and required tools and data as per the Financial statement and years.
Involved in the communication with other team members in order to understand the deferent processes and in resolving the issues.
Verified all the sheet and Attributes as per the logics. Project 1: Kubera (Insight Product)
Roles and Responsibilities:
Project 2: Cam (Insight Product)
Roles and Responsibilities:
EDUCATION
English, Hindi and Bengali
PERSONAL PROJECT
2018 - 2020 Techno India College of Technology, Kolkata (WB) Smart Switch System and by this system an user can control any electronic devices. Vehicle Theft Detection System using GSM and GPS.
Master of Computer Applications- (MCA)
2015- 2018 Siliguri Institution Of Technology,Siliguri (WB) Bachelor of Computer Applications- (BCA)
LANGUAGES
Contact this candidate