Varsha Supe
ad3ybz@r.postjobfree.com
412-***-****

Professional Summary
Around 4+ years of experience in SQA (Software Quality Assurance) including Manual and Automated testing with tools such as JIRA, Testrail, Selenium WebDriver, Java, BDD, TestNG, and Postman.
Involved in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) implementing Waterfall, Agile/Scrum methodologies.
Experience with a comprehensive understanding of all phases of the Test Life Cycle, including requirements gathering, test planning, and scheduling, testing, defect tracking, and reporting.
Expertise in Manual Testing, Smoke Testing, GUI Software Testing, Backed end Testing, Black-box Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing and Automation Testing.
Experience in backend testing and writing SQL queries, Joins using SQL Server, and Oracle.
Defined and tracked bugs using JIRA.
Tested APIs manually using Postman
Proficient in writing Selenium Webdriver automation scripts in JAVA using Maven automation testing for Web Applications.
Extensive experience in Quality Assurance (QA) automation, specializing in BDD framework.
Experienced in writing and executing SQL queries to perform Data Validation and back-end testing of databases to check the integrity of data.
Excellent Written, Analytical Skills, and Verbal Communication skills with a customer service-oriented attitude and worked with the offshore team as an onsite coordinator to provide updates daily.
Flexible, multi-tasked, responsible, enthusiastic, and project-oriented team player with excellent written, verbal, presentation, interpersonal communication, and leadership skills to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs.

Technical Skills
Testing tools
Selenium WebDriver, Appium, TestNG, Jenkins, BDD, Cucumber, Behave, Postman, JMeter
Web Technologies
HTML, DHTML, CSS, XML, XPATH
Defect Tracking Tools
Testrail, Spira, Jira
Languages
Java, Java Script, Python, SQL
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome & Safari
Operating Systems
Windows, UNIX, and Linux

Professional Experience
Smith Micro Software – Pittsburgh, PA
Software QA Engineer
February 2021 – June 2023

Responsibilities:
•Tested mobile application on Android and iOS platforms.
•Developed Test Cases and test Scripts based on the Functional Requirement Specifications.
•Worked in Agile and Scrum to manage the deliveries of the requirements.
•Attended daily Standup meetings with team members of the Web team and developers to evaluate the project's progress.
•Wrote SQL queries and performed Back-End Testing for data validation to check the data integrity during migration from back-end to front-end.
•Created a Traceability matrix to keep track of changes in requirements to that of the testing efforts.
•Performed UI, functional, regression, and Smoke testing on the front-end application.
•Tested APIs manually using Postman.
•Data Validation and testing using SQL.
•Created and executed automated test scripts using Selenium WebDriver using JAVA.
•Involved in testing software compatibility under various Internet Browsers using BrowserStack.
•Logged the defects identified during testing. Tested new features and reported bugs and created test plans as directed. Tested features and reported bugs with the content such as missing content and graphical errors.
•Validated the response for the Restful APIs using custom assertions using Postman
•Wrote various SQL queries to validate data inserted, deleted, and updated in the database
•Coordinated with onsite and offshore teams to better understand client needs and provide quality deliverables.
•Preparation of Test Reports (Test Results / Summary Report).

Environment: Agile, API, UAT, Selenium, TestNG, JAVA, JavaScript, SQL, Jenkins

Napoleon IT – California, CA
Software QA Tester
Jan 2019–Dec 2020

Responsibilities:
Effectively participated in everyday Agile/Scrum stand-up meetings and participated in Iteration planning and retrospective meetings.
Familiar with programming Fundamental Object Oriented Programming (OOP).
Designed and developed automation scripts using Selenium Web Driver, Java, and Cucumber.
Ran the Automated Regression suite and analyzed results and file bugs.
Performing API testing using Postman.
Performed Automation testing and black box testing methods -Functional, Integration, System, and Acceptance testing.
Actively participated in agile development processes, contributing to sprint planning, daily stand-ups, and retrospective meetings, ensuring efficient test automation implementation using BDD.
Written positive and negative test cases based on requirements, specifications, flow charts, and process diagrams and executed them.
Written SQL queries in the database to validate reports against the database.

Environment: Agile, UAT, Cucumber, Jenkins, Selenium WebDriver, SQL, Oracle, Windows, MS Office

Education:
Bachelors in Computer Science
Government College of Engineering, Pune, Maharashtra, India
Contact this candidate