UCHENNA 619-***-**** San Diego California ad3zh6@r.postjobfree.com

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
QA Testing and Dev tools – Prometheus, Jenkins, GitHub Repo, Rally SW, Spec flow, Cucumber, Spring Boot, Docker, Kubernetes, Argo CD.
Methodologies – Agile, Microservices,
Languages – Intermediate SQL, PostgreSQL JavaScript, Java & C#
Web Technologies - HTML, XML, React
Microsoft tools - MS-WORD, MS-EXCEL
Databases - Apache Cassandra, PostgreSQL & Oracle SQL Developer

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CVS Health Richarson, Texas Aug2021 to Present
SDET Automation Engineer /Manual Test Engineer/Analyst
Ecommerce enterprise applications realized using microservice architecture enable CVS to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably.
Experience with automation, continuous integration, and configuration management practices.
Contract testing - Perform both Automation and Manual testing by isolating each microservices and checking whether the HTTP requests and responses that the microservice transmits conform to a common understanding documented in the acceptance criteria.
Integration testing – performed integration testing to observe the interactions between different modules (or classes) the same subsystem, to ensure that they work together as intended. Validation of data transformations and perform End-to-End data validation for ETL & BI systems.
Component Testing – Performs component by isolating and validating and evaluating the performance of each component of a microservice application without integrating other services. The purpose of component testing is to check whether the service solves the problem it was made to solve.
End-to-end testing – Performed E2E testing to observe the business Logic behavior as an order placed by the end user traverse different touchpoints until the order is successfully fulfilled.

Environment: Microservices, Prometheus, Security, MVC, Grafana, Jenkins, GitHub Repo, Rally SW, Cucumber, Spring Boot, Docker, Kubernetes, Argo CD, YMAL, Spring framework using Spring Boot, REST and XML and Cassandra

WOLTERS KLUWER -APTUDE COPPELL, TEXAS Aug2017 – Jul2021
QA Automation Engineer and Manual Test Engineer/Analyst

Experience in Azure DevOps and good knowledge of CI/CD tools like Azure Repo, Azure Cloud.
Participates in architectural design and discussions, development and implementation of test automation frameworks using, Selenium, Cucumber/ Spec-flow, Java, Intermediate level knowledge of Python, C# Automation experience and Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and Test-Driven Development (TDD) experience (Using Spec-flow/Cucumber). Using C# as the binding language. Implemented Page Object Model, REST-API, Postman, Entity Framework, Azure SQL Query.
Perform functional API & API Web Services testing using Spec-flow with BDD and Postman for manual Testing. Uses Rest-Sharp for automation testing which includes writing assertions to validate business logic.
Worked closely with functional team members to understand the business scenarios and transaction functionality to develop unit and integration test scripts.
Performed CRUD test scenarios (create, retrieve, update, delete) and REST methods (Get, Put, Post, Delete) and ability to distinguish differences XML and JSON testing for response codes.
Performed backend processing and data validation utilizing SQL: validating database stored procedure, jobs, and triggers, utilizing queueing systems, reviewing logs to confirm the software is working properly.
Participated in product design reviews, backlog refinement, etc. to provide input on testability of functional requirements, product designs, and estimating/planning.
Ensured adequate and comprehensive testing is completed for all aspects of the application.
Involved in the review of requirements with business analysts and technical specialists.
Documented and coordinated test plan, test scenarios, test scripts.
Drove to improve, optimize, and identify opportunities throughout the software development lifecycle and across Data Platform via Automation. Leverage industry best practices, tools, technologies, and processes to achieve Quality engineering excellence.

ENVIRONMENT: SELENIUM, AZURE CLOUD, TestNG, C#, AZURE REPO, Azure SQL, POSTMAN, TestNG, CUCUMBER, TDD and BDD, SPECFLOW

JDA/Judge Groups IRVING, Texas Oct2015 – Aug2017
QA Automation/Manual Test Engineer
Enterprise applications enable JDA to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably.
Experience with automation, continuous integration, and configuration management practices.
Perform data analytical testing for the BI systems such as API, API Web Services, UI, testing using Jenkins/Azure-Repo, and C-Sharp and or Java, Spec-flow, Postman within the CI/CD system for both manual and automation, include writing assertions to validate business logic, Knowledge of Path and Query parameters, use of symbolic parameters to drive test data through API tests.
Validation of data transformations and perform End-to-End data validation for ETL & BI systems.
Intermediate in ETL data validation developed using SSIS ETL environments.
Intermediate knowledge on ETL and BI processes
Environment: Selenium, Maven, Jenkins, GIT, TestNG, C#, JIRA, Protractor

Allied Health Services Inc., Euless, Texas Nov2010 – Oct2015
QA Automation/Manual Tester/QA Lead
This project verifies Uniform user controls, to the extent that a stakeholder is accessing a variety of underlying systems, and the contextual information and navigational controls are presented consistently and provide for consistent actions in all relevant systems.
Uniform safeguarding data security and integrity as data moves from system to system such that only authorized people and programs may view, manipulate, create, or alter the data.
Responsibilities:
Participates in designing, development and implementation of test automation frameworks using, Selenium, Appium, Cucumber/ Spec-flow, Java, C#/Java, Page Object Model with Page Factory
Participated in designing, development, and implementation of test automation frameworks.
Working with all stake holders to ensure that the quality metrics are reviewed, closed, & agreed upon.
Performed Simple to complex database Queries using SQL command.
Ensure adequate and comprehensive testing is completed for all aspects of the application.
Involved in preparing Test Plan and Test Cases based on the function specifications.
Planning and scheduling several milestones and tasks like alpha and beta testing.
Set Quality standards for the teams in various new testing technologies in the industry. This may include finding new strategies for automation testing and day to day work processes like agile and scrum.
Environment: Selenium, Maven, Jenkins, Azure-Repos/GIT, TestNG, C#, JIRA,

EDUCATION:
University of Texas at Dallas 2023-Present
Master of Science in Information Technology and Management
Ongoing work towards Master of Science degree in Information Technology and management.
University of Texas at Dallas
ELECTRICAL AND COMPUTER ENGINEERING
Degree: Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering.
Contact this candidate