Professional Summary
Senior Software QA Engineer with six (6+) years of experience in manual testing, and automated testing using Selenium WebDriver and Java
Expert in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC) in Agile and Iterative Methodology
Highly experienced in full system development lifecycle experience, including designing, developing and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes fueling swift corrective actions, significant cost savings and quality product.
Experienced in Smoke, Functional, Integration, Regression, Cross-Browser Testing, User Acceptance testing on many Client/Server and web applications.
Proficient in designing and reviewing User Stories, Test cases, Test Scenarios, Test Scripts, and Test Plans of both manual and automated tests.
Extensive experience in working with the Automation Engineering team to automate test scripts using Selenium WebDriver, enhance the scripts, use explicit wait, and synchronize the scripts.
Practiced in working on enhancing the Automation framework using Maven, Cucumber, and TestNG
Skillful at processes to automate and run the test suite using Selenium WebDriver.
Proficiency in Back-end testing of application by developing and executing complex SQL queries.
Hold excellent interpersonal, written, verbal communication skills and strong analytical, problem solving, decision-making skills.
Expert in API testing using RESTful web services, Postman.
Always open to adapt and learn new tools, techniques and approaches.

Skills Summary

Manual & Automation Testing
Test Plans & Cases
JIRA & Confluence
SQL Queries
Selenium WebDriver
Java
Cucumber
TestNG
Junit
GitHub
Jenkins
Maven
Team Leadership
API Testing
Postman
RESTful API
AWS
Sauce Lab
ALM
Interface Testing
Object Oriented Programming.
Mobile testing (manual).
Black Box Testing.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Capital One Bank New York
Senior Test Automation Engineer November 2022- Present
Auto loan application that provides client account information like account summaries, account details, monthly statements, auto payments and reports.

Responsibilities:
Actively contributed in Agile Scrum development including Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, and Retrospective meeting
Functioned with Product Owner (PO) and Business Analyst (BA) to ensure user stories are clear and consistence
Established test cases in Gherkins and implemented cucumber to automate them
Developed automated scripts using java in Selenium Web Driver with maven, cucumber, and Test NG
Implemented test automation Development using test framework that implements Page Object Model (POM), cucumber feature files, and TestNG configuration files
Used Continuous Integration Tools (Jenkins) for automation script run in nightly basis and to provide quick feed back to the developers
Employed Maven for Project building, and Git for code management repository
Submit the defect reports, and communicate issues to business, engineering, and management using JIRA
Performed Backend Testing by developing complex SQL queries
Performed mobile app and mobile web testing for Android and iOS devices
Resolve the risks, issues, and defects with the coordination of the group members and external team members
Work independently in multiple projects and effectively communicates with the stakeholders
Managed and Maintained test suites on the Sauce Labs platform, optimizing test execution and reporting
Implemented monitoring and alerting using AWS to ensure system health and performance

Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS), Miami, FL
System Test Analyst December 2019 – October 2022
EHR (Electronic Health Record)– Web based application designed to have customer and practitioners in mind to offer effective patient management. The application helps managing customers, practitioners, and other entities including pharmaceuticals and hospitals to offer customer friendly access.

Responsibilities:
Involved in project analysis, design and implementation
Analyzed the Business Requirement specifications
Performed different types Manual Testing to check the flow of the application
Conducted database testing, passing SQL queries to the Oracle
Participated in QA team meetings and walkthroughs for weekly QA testing review
Identified defects and interacted with developers to resolve the issues
Created the Test Cases as per Business requirements and Use Cases
Verified functionality of software during all stages of the development lifecycle
Provided testing Estimates and resource plans based on Functional and Technical specifications
Created User Acceptance Testing (UAT) Test Cases for production testing
Analyzed and document test results, including re-testing of all previous failures
Utilized Tableau to create data visualizations and dashboards for effective presentation of analytical findings
Managed data analysis tasks using Excel, including data cleaning, manipulation, and visualization to support decision-making processes

Delta Airlines Atlanta, GA
Test Automation Engineer January 2018 – November 2019

Worked on the company’s internal software that kept track of the delayed flights on a daily basis, the costs associated with it and client reimbursement.
Responsibilities:
Involved in project analysis, design, implementation and all phases of STLC.
Performed different types of Manual Testing to check the flow of the application
Conducted database testing, passing SQL queries to the Oracle
Designed and developed Test plans, Test Scenarios, Test Scripts and Test Cases corresponding to the test requirements in order to maximize verification coverage of system variables
Conducted System, Integration, Functional, Ad hoc, Smoke and Regression testing
Validated the backend integrity and reports accuracy
Managed test documentation and defects using JIRA
Enhanced, Modified and Maintained new & existing test cases/test scripts to enhance test performance as needed for manual and automated testing with in-house tool.
Communicated with developers and QA Team members to resolve issues
Manual Accessibility test with section 508
Troubleshoot and correct documents for 508 compliances
Perform all Technical standards in Section 508 and met with WCAG 2.0/2.1 Using JAWS, NVDA, VOICEOVER, INSPECT, CCA (Color Contrast Analyzer) and WAT (Web-accessible tool) ANDI etc
Execute PDF file testing, and Audio testing, Video testing, Web Content testing using JAWS/NVDA and various other tools. Experienced in mobile accessibility testing iOS, and Android using Voiceover and Talkback.
Managed test documentation and defects using JIRA.
Join the meetings with developers to describe the expectations, issues, and recommendations for resolving same in bug reports.
Retest products after fixes have been implemented to ensure that issues have been properly addressed.
Use Evinced and Evinced Mobile Flow Analyzer to Perform MA and Web testing.


Education
Bachelors in Computer Science and Engineering.
Contact this candidate