PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over ** years of working experience as QA Engineer (Software QA Analyst, Tester-Manual & Automation) in the Software Development Industry. Hands on experience in developing test strategy, test plan, test cases, analyzing Requirements, BRD, FRD, SRS documents and in developing automation and manual test script and Framework on different plat-form like client server and web based applications and became a Professional with excellent creative, flexible with proven analytical skills over 18 years of US and overseas working experience.
Knowledge of using tools Selenium IDE and Selenium WebDriver, BDD Framework-Cucumber, HP Quick Test Professional, Quality Center/HP ALM, JIRA, EXCEL.
Experienced in writing and developing Test Plans, defining Test Cases from various Project Artifacts, and logging & tracking Defect throughout Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experienced in creating, modifying and enhancing both Manual Test Cases in HP Quality Center (QC) and Test Scripts created by Automation tool HP Quick Test Professional (QTP) and Selenium WebDriver with TestNG Framework
Working & testing knowledge of Java, JavaScript, PHP, hands on experience on HTML, CSS as well.
Extensive experience in writing detailed Test Cases for Web, Online Portals and Client-Server apps
Experienced in performing Backend Testing by writing and executing SQL queries against Database
Expertise in using main components of HP QC/ ALM - Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab & Defects
Creation & Maintenance of Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM), Test Matrix & Gap Analysis
Project Administration & Customization experience of HP Quality Center for companies & projects
Expertise in Defect reporting, tracking and documenting using HP QC/ALM & JIRA.
Sound understanding of entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Methodologies - Agile, Scrum, Extreme Programming (XP) and Waterfall.
Practical testing experience of Black-box, White-box, Backend, Functional, Regression & Smoke Testing using both Manual and Automated Testing techniques, Expertise in Usability Testing and heuristic Analysis.
Deep insight in determining testing priorities & schedule and meet critical deadlines within Test plan
Experienced in interacting with Business Analysts, Developers and Technical Support to help them base line the requirement specification.
Hands on experience in e-commerce site from testing aspect and meeting test deliverables.
Hands on experience in working DevOps, CI-CD and Jenkins, SCM tool Git.
Effective team collaboration and strong communication skills - written & verbal, passionate about learning new tools and technology and implementing them

COMPUTER & TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating System & Language
Windows XP, 7, 8 & 10, VBScript, HTML, CSS, Java, PHP.
Tools: Manual & Automated
Selenium WebDriver, HP Quick Test Professional, HP QC/ALM, JIRA, Excel
Development Process & Methodologies
Waterfall, Agile-Scrum, XP, SDLC, STLC, BLC
Microsoft Tools
MS Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, SharePoint
Database Testing
SQL, Oracle, SQL Developer, Join, Having, Group By, Set
Operator, Aggregate Functions etc.

EXPERIENCE

Queens Public Library, Jamaica, Queens
Position: QA Engineer-Automation Lead, Duration: September 2018- November2023.
RESPONSIBILITIES AND EXPERIENCE
Creation and Execution of Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Data for Queens Public Library Systems following Waterfall Model. Design and execute Test Cases to verify Reliability, Accuracy and Compatibility of application.
Analyze business flow of the application as well as review business manuals and Business Requirement Document (BRD) in order to summarize system-specific business rules and other operating conditions and communicated with BA and developers and participated in different meeting to understand the requirement & acceptance criteria
Actively working Testing phase and Development process of the Project and execute Manual Test Cases using HP ALM and manage the documents and defects using JIRA and MS SharePoint as well.
Experienced in Using Git to manage/analyze stories & project documents and versions.
Execute tests on programs created by LAMPS and integrated Drupal/PHP development with VTLS Virtua 2016 in ILS (Integrated Library System) and execute Queries and verified the different Historic documents, programs and Books etc. using tool SOLR And also worked with Drupal/PHP dev team and execute tests on web and mobile applications developed and integrated with REMEDY IT Service Management System.
Responsible for extensive testing of different modules of the web-based application and the whole testing life cycle for the various modules of the application and participating in User Acceptance Testing (UAT), coordinated and supported the end users during testing session.
Extensively using HP ALM version 12.52 for production bug tracking and Test & Defect reporting tool.
Attended weekly twice in QA Status Meeting and updated the status to Dev Lead and review the defects and Test Status and attended different types of meetings and walkthroughs, discussed the outstanding defects, informed
the QA Manager with the update test status etc.
Design and build automation framework for the application following best practice of QA automation procedure from the scratch. Developed Regression Suite following Page Object Model (POM) using Java, Selenium WebDriver and Modular driven Framework with TestNG for the QPL Project.
Used Java OOPs concept and Methods to produce efficiency & scalability in automation Framework and also performed Devices & Browsers compatibility testing for QPL to optimize the site on real devices.
Worked in HR Management tool KRONOS for Queens Public Library- Pay calculation, Time- punch-in, punch-out, Accruals, Exceptions, etc. within the Union, Non-union, Full Time & Part time employees and ensure the functionalities of KRONOS Workforce Central Time Keeping System and its integration with SAP.
bbayonline.com, NYC
Position: Position: Project Manager- Quality Assurance, Duration: February2018- August 2018
RESPONSIBILITIES AND EXPERIENCE
Developed quality strategies for products and led the Tests in the development and execution of software test plans and analysis of test results. Analyzing various documents and Use Cases to prepare the detailed Test Plan.
Prepared quality documentations and reported by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing the information.
Worked closely with cross functional teams, especially software engineering team and UI/UX designing team.
Organized and led multiple manual and automation QA teams of the project, Managed QA tasks in full SDLC.
Participated in daily Standup Sessions, regular Sprint Planning, and Review Meetings.
Led tool selection and implementation project for manual side of QA.
Implemented, trained and served as administrator of the HP ALM tool, developed QA procedures and established quality assurance methodologies/standards in accordance with overall development and product releases.
Planned and monitored execution of the work assignments for the Quality Assurance Team.
Participated and managed the full software development life cycle for testing activities. Managed Test Execution, test monitoring, Status Reporting, documentations, data management and validation.
Manage social media planning and execution for marketing strategies and Community Management.
Department of Education, NYC
Position: QA Tester, Duration: March 2017- December 2017
RESPONSIBILITIES AND EXPERIENCE

Analyzed Modification Requests (MR) and Enhancement Requests (ER) to create new & modify existing Test Artifacts - Requirements, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Plan
Involved in creating Test Plans for the project according to business & technical specifications with the QA Lead and feedback from Project Manager.
Designed and executed Manual Test Cases, Test Scenarios in HP ALM with MS Excel and
Worked with Product Managers, Analysts, and End-users to define & document Test Acceptance Criteria in Test Plan, Tests within HP ALM.
Created, reviewed & executed Test Cases based on Functional & Use Case Specifications
Performed Manual Testing to verify software functionality & business process meet business requirements and recorded all execution steps in HP ALM
Worked in Testing Module of HP ALM Create Test Cases in the Test Plan Module, Execute the Test in Test Lab Module and Reported defects in the Defects Module
Performed Database Testing validating data by writing SQL queries using SQL Developer
Gathered QA tasks and follow ups from Daily Standup Meeting and by working with Scrum Master & Project Manager in planning, executing, monitoring & controlling test activities
Performed Usability Testing, prepared users' experience matrix as well as User Acceptance Testing (UAT) of DOE web Application.
Developed and executed Manual Test Cases for End-to-end Testing as defined in Test Plan

Tory Burch, New York, NY.
Position: QA Analyst Duration: February 2015 to December 2016

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Review and analyze the Project Documentations Software Requirements Specification documents (SRS), User Stories, creating and developing Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scripts and interact with Development Team.
Planning and defining Testing approach, providing advice on prioritization of testing activity in supporting of project schedules and test scenarios.
Study the project documentations and Software Quality Assurance activities including Functional & Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, Integration Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Compatibility Testing of Web based Applications.
Experienced in B2B cloud based sales force technology Demandware,
Develops manual test cases and configurations needed to meet testing of business requirements, performed Manual Testing using HP ALM version 12.5 and Automated Testing using tool SELENIUM WebDriver with Java.
Applied Black Box & White Box Testing technique to verify the behaviors and functions.
Established Continuous Integration (CI) practices and standards for the Project and build jobs to support development needs using Jenkins.
Develop the Test scripts using Data Driven framework with TestNG.
Communicating with Test Leads, QA Manager, Developers and Project Manager to resolve the Testing Issues and Defects.
Develop timeline by providing estimates, work with Project Manager to identify project risks, define exit criteria for each testing cycle.
Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) working from Scratch to Implementation phase in Agile-Scrum methodology.
Proven ability to work in both independent and team environments with superior problem solving, analytical, presentation, good inter personal skills and self-motivated team player.
Analyzing skills with a desire to learn and adapt to new technologies and tools.
Excellent problem solving skills with strong technical background having the ability to meet deadlines, work under pressure and quickly master new technologies.

DISCOVER FINANCIAL SERVICES, Riverwoods, IL
Position: Software Quality Assurance Analyst Duration: July 2013-December 2014

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Gathering Requirements in Requirement Phase, analyzed requirements and developed detailed Test Plan and identified the priority functions to test.
Experience in requirement gathering and analysis, data analysis, data mapping, functional design, quality assurance/Testing and documentation.
Developed Test Plans, Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Traceability Matrix, Test Status Reports and Test Execution Metrics.
Developed and Executed the Test cases to ensure the functionality of the Application and performed Functional Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, Integration Testing and also involved User Accepting Testing(UAT) and Business Acceptance Testing(BAT).
Involved in writing Complex queries using SQL for Data Integrity checks.
Participation in Requirement / Use Case analysis, risk analysis and helping Configuration Management Team.
Created Test Cases and reviewed them with the Test lead.
Executed all the Test Cases in the Testing Phase and maintained them and documenting the test queries and result for future references.
Retested the modifications, once bugs are fixed after reinstalling the application.
Helped in creating robust regression Suites using QTP
Generated Reports and Graphs and Reported the bugs to developers using JIRA.
Generated Problem Reports for the defects found during execution of the Test Cases and reviewed them with the Developers. Worked with Developers to identify and resolve problems.
Assisted Team members in knowledge transfer of the Application.
Involved in Defect Review meetings with Business Core Team and Developed use-case Analysis.

CITIGROUP, Long Island City, NY
Position: QA Test Analyst Duration: August 2011 – June 2013

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Worked with development, product management and QA management to solicit feedback on Manual Test Cases & Automated Test Scripts
Analyzed system requirements and developed detailed Test Plan, identified the priority functions to test.
Experience in requirement gathering and analysis, data analysis, data mapping, functional design, quality assurance/Testing and documentation for Performance goals.
Developed Test Plans, Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Traceability Matrix, Test Summary Reports and Test Execution Reports.
Provided realistic testing estimates to ensure appropriate timelines and delivery to production
Mapped Test Scenarios to business requirements & defined Entry & Exit Criteria for test execution
Worked with Developers, Project Managers, Business Analysts to continually enhance the service & testing offered by QA across the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Used HP Quality Center (QC) to report test outcomes from Test Lab modules by collecting, analyzing, interpreting, summarizing and displaying after execution
Applied Structured Query Language (SQL) querying & technical skills to write & execute complex queries against a relational database (RDBMS) for Citi Assist Loan & SLC module and also tested the functionality of share point.
Reported Defects using defect tracking system HP Quality Center (QC) and verified fixes
Followed up on outstanding defects to determine the impact on maintenance releases of code and created Impact Analysis Reports
Analyzed and understood complex workflows and processes of Web Citi Forward modules and developed innovative & robust approaches for automation framework in Quick Test Professional (QTP)
Logged & reported defects in Quality Center (QC) and managed through to resolution by working with appropriate development and business resources.

HORIZON- BCBSNJ, Newark, NJ
Position: QA Tester Duration: November 2009 – June 2011

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyzed Modification Requests (MR) to create new & modify existing Test Artifacts - Requirements, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Plan
Involved in creating Test Plans for various projects according to business & technical specifications with the QA Lead and feedback from Project Managers
Designed and executed Manual Test Cases, generated Automated Test Scripts and Test Scenarios in HP Quality Center(QC) with MS Excel and HP Quick Test Professional (QTP)
Worked with Product Managers, Analysts, and End-users to define & document Test Acceptance Criteria in Test Plan, Tests within HP Quality Center (QC) and in MS SharePoint
Created, reviewed & executed Test Cases based on Functional & Use Case Specifications
Created Test Scripts for Regression Testing of Web modules using HP Quick Test Professional (QTP) & VBScripting language by Actions, Functions, Share OR, Recovery Scenarios, Optional Steps, Objects
Performed Database Testing validating data purse from Web transactions & business rules by writing SQL queries using SQL Developer
Inserted various Checkpoints such as Window/Dialog Box existence, Object properties verification, Bitmap verification using HP Quick Test Professional (QTP)
Gathered QA tasks and follow ups from Daily Standup Meeting and by working with Scrum Master & Project Manager in planning, executing, monitoring & controlling test activities
Performed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and End-to-End Testing of Horizon My Way HSA, Web Member & Provider Portals modules
Automated Sanity & Smoke Test scenarios and executed across different development environments
Wrote & enhanced Test Cases and Test Scripts to meet new functional requirements as per the new business requirements on MHH (My Health Horizon), My Way HSA, HRA modules & business process
Developed and executed Manual Test Cases for End-to-end Testing as defined in Test Plan

EDUCATION:

Bachelor of Business Administration - 1996
Master of Business Administration- 1997
Accounting & Information Technology,
University of Chittagong, Bangladesh
Work Authorization: US Citizen
Contact this candidate