SHAHID MAHMOOD
QA Analyst

EMail: ad4cju@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 919-***-****

An experienced and results oriented quality Engineer with 8 1/2 years of experience in software business requirement analysis, developing test scenarios, test cases, data preparation, test case execution and reporting. An expert in smoke and sanity testing for SIT and UAT environments. Solid experience of software development life cycle (SDLC) and QA test cycle including the development and execution of the test plans. Also experienced in working with offshore teams, a hardworking and go-getter type individual who meets the target dates, and successfully demonstrated the following skills:

1.Hands on Experience IBM Rational tools for Collaborative Lifecicle Management.
2.Experienced writing SQL queries to fetch data according to the test requirement for Backend Testing.
3.Hands-on experience on QTP and Selenium.
4.Hands-on experience on Quality Centre (ALM).
5.Experienced in the development and execution of the Test Plans, based on the principles of manual testing.
a.Experienced in testing Web Services using XML requests & responses.
b.Experienced in representing data using XML & JSON formats.
c.Knowledge using SOAPUI to test Web Services.
d.Knowledge on querying database using basic SQL queries with DB Visualizer to
verify data.
6.Software defects logging, maintenance and tracking.
7.Excellent team player with good interpersonal & communication skills.
8.Proven expertise in adapting to quick changing environments with minimal learning curve.

Operating Systems and Tools

Operating Systems Windows 7,10, 11, Vista, XP.
Microsoft Microsoft office Tools, Word, Excel, Power Point.
Software Methodologies Waterfall, and Agile.
QA Tools Splunk Tools, Quartz, IBM Rational tools, Bugzilla, Automation, HP Test CommonLook PDF Validator, CARS, Center/ALM, JIRA.
DB Tools Oracle Database
Web Service SOAP UI, XML, JSON
Education
Associates degree in Commerce.
Punjab Board of Technical Education.
Professional Experience
TCS USA
Client: Kaiser Permanente
Lake Oswego Oregon.

QA Anylist Oct 2020 to Jan 31, 2024.
1. Managing the Kaiser Permanente DMP project.
2. DMSS (Document Shared Service)
Document Management program create, store and delivers high volume personalized documents to members, employer group, brokers, and provider via online and traditional print/mail channels.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

Process the JSON fille fulfillment.
PSP and HP Extreme composition
CARS archive
HPUB workflow
oExtending the use of HPUB online ordering and inventory system also serve as platform for sending document file to outside vendors for printing and mailing.

Perform PDFs ADA validation using Adobe Acrobat Pro with CommonLook PDF validator.
PDFs old and new file comparison Epic Letters.

Project Management April 2020 to Oct 2020
Cognizant –USA
Client: Kaiser Permanente
Lake Oswego Oregon.

Managing the Kaiser Permanente DMP project.
Demand management project is forecast the project and resources.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE PROJECT
Establishing the QA team and nurturing them with the testing process and concepts
Review and Analysis of business requirements with Business Analyst and Solution Architect
Preparing the test plan and test estimations in line with the overall project timelines
Preparing the critical business test scenarios and ensuring team understands the flow before execution
Contributing in sprint planning discussions and daily scrum stand-up with Product owner and Scrum master
Managing the IBM rational tool dashboard for QA test execution
Managing the overall test delivery for DMP implementation with System testing, Integration testing and Regression testing on Test, Dev and Prod environments from inception.
Participating with business teams supporting UAT
Coordinating with Product Owner/ Scrum Master and Development leads to understand the new customizations and upcoming sprints
Ensuring the test documentation is maintained in structured pattern to support the project audit requirements on SharePoint
Managing the automation team helping them understand the functional flow of DMP modules and ensuring they complete the regression scripts
Organizing the demonstrations for business users, providing an insight of the DMP modules and functional flows
Socializing and participating in the business test executions, helping them to understand end to end workflow
Chairing the defect triage with development team and business analyst
Publishing the daily status reports and end of test closure reports with business and stakeholders and seeking the testing sign-off before go-live
Providing the insights and inputs on testing progress during weekly project governance cadence with client leadership, stakeholders and business teams
Responsible towards end to end test delivery of DMP.

Environment: Windows 10, Web Application, HP Quality Center 11.5, Selenium, JIRA (Atlassian),
IBM Rational Tools.

QA Analyst Dec 2016 to April 2020
DXC Technology- USA
Client: Kaiser Permanente
Lake Oswego Oregon.

Working as a member of the QA team in America’s largest non-profit Health Care Organization to verify DMP(Demand Management Portal) Project and create a dynamic, to navigate web application for Managers, Administrator, Business Consultants, and Leader to allocate and manage resource in there origination in an intuitive and efficient way that cuts time, validate data efficiently, allocates time for test services planning, reports totals based on the specified requirements. DMP project is testing in Agile Methodology. My responsibilities working with as QA lead DMP project, include the following activities:
Create Test plan using ERD and DFD documents.
Create Test cases from user stories.
Upload Test cases on Quality center.
Performed Functional and non- Functional testing.
To verify backend test data.
Attend daily scrum meeting.
Host defect meeting with Developer, Business consultant and Scrum Master.
Communicate with offshore team.

Environment: Windows 10, Web Application, HP Quality Center 11.5, Selenium, JIRA (Atlassian), Oracle 11,
REST Web Services,

QA Analyst April 2015 to April 2016
CSC- USA
Client: Kaiser Permanente
Lake Oswego Oregon.

Working with Project Formworks as “Claims Functionality’ for the “Claims Connect Program” in Kaiser Permanente. The scope of the Claims Connect program includes defining and establishing a shared service operating model for Claims operations across all regions. My responsibilities include the following activities:
Preparing the Test scenarios and Test cases from the business requirement documents and storing them in Quality Center.
Performing smoke and sanity testing for SIT and UAT environments.
Executing test Cases in SIT environments for claim Connect web base application.
•Verify the data accuracy for EDI, Test the Core Claim processes including Mailroom, Intake, using EDI processing.
•Verify ICD-10 Code compliance requires vs. ICD-9 Code.
Verifying defect fixes in production environment.
Performing data extraction from the data base into Ms Excel for SIT.
Extract data for batch processing of Claim and non claim functionality, by the offshore team.
Attend daily defect meeting with developer and business people.
Participating in daily defect estates meeting with business and development team.

Environment: Windows 7, Web Application, HP Quality Center 10.0, HP QTP 11.0, Oracle 11,
REST Web Services, Formworks System, CARS, DMS.
Contact this candidate