OYEWOLE WAHEED BABATUNDE
APPLIED FOR: SNR. CIVIL QA/QC ENGINEER & ARCHITECHTURAL
EXPERIENCE: 13+ YEARS
Mobile: +974********, E-mail:ad4g3j@r.postjobfree.com Snr. Civil QA/QC engineer/Inspector & materials inspector, with strategic expertise prioritizing projects, planning workflow and managing employees to achieve operational goal. Resourceful individual with 13+ years of active experience managing efforts within deadline-driven environments. Diplomatic individual with strong leadership and decision-making skills.
Ability to work in fast-paced environment.
Ability to interact with the office team and construction team - excellent communication skills (in English), both verbal and written.
Effective report and technical specification writing skills requirements and techniques Proven expertise of planning, design, construction and maintenance of public works projects Sound ability to interpret Structural and architectural drawings Could operate effectively with Microsoft office tools namely Ms Word and Ms excel etc. Efficient management and organizational abilities
Have good problem solving with analytic thinking
Open minded to work in complex environment and projects PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCES:
1. February, 2023 till Present: SNR. QA/QC Engineer Company:
Project: Procurement and Construction of ESW (North Field South) Onshore Project
Client/Consultant (PMC): QG (Qatar Gas)
Location: Ras Laffan, Qatar
2. August, 2018 to Jan. 2023: SNR. Civil QA/QC Engineer/ Architectural Company:
Project: AL-Saad Hotel Apartment (2B+G+5) and Residential Building
(2B+G+10F) & (2B+G+M+3F)
Consultant (PMC): HAI, House of Architecture & Interiors and AL WAHA Engineering Consultant
Location: AL-SAAD & ERKYAH & FOXHILL Lusail, State of Qatar P E R S O N A L S K I L L S
P R O F E S S I O N A L S U M M A R Y
3. January, 2017 to July, 2018: Civil QA/QC Engineer/ Inspector Company:
Project: Construction of Roads Linking QN090 (AL BAYT Stadium Road) Consultant/Client: Ashghal Qatar
Location: AL-Khor Doha, (State of Qatar)
4. January, 2015 to Dec, 2016: SNR. QA/QC Engineer/ Architectural Company:
Project: NPP (New Port Project Qatar)
Consultant/Client: AECOM/ Ministry of transportation & Communication Location: Mesaieed Doha, State of Qatar
5. January 2014 to December 2014 : QA/QC Engineer/Inspector Civil Company: CGC Telecom Company Qatar W.L.L
Project : EPIC (Construction of Sub Station)
Consultant (PMC)/Client: Qatar Petroleum (QP)
Location: Mesaieed Doha, State of Qatar
6. November, 2012 to Dec. 2013: QA/QC Inspector Civil Company: Carillion Construction Company WLL
Project : Building Construction (Doha Downtown Maheireb) Location: Doha State of Qatar
7. April, 2010 to Oct. 2012: QA/QC Inspector Civil Company: MEC Group of Company WLL
Project : Maintenance and Construction Villas and Roads Location: Sharjah UAE
8. July, 2005 to March. 2008: Civil Site Engineer/Inspector Company: Prodeco International Company Nigeria
Project : Construction of Resident and Commercial Facilities Location: Oil & Gas Free Zone, Port-Harcourt
Duties & Responsibilities:
Accountable for the quality and quality of every activity, precise knowledge of all aspects of engineering construction relating to Civil, Architectural, and Structural discipline interfacing the multidisciplinary processes.
Responsible for QA/QC documents of the complete project, including certificates, calibration, test results, inspection requests, non-compliance reports and site instruction/observations, permanent materials delivered, and other important QA/QC documents.
Develop and determine all standards to perform inspections and tests on all procedures, oversee all testing methods, and maintain high-quality standards for all processes.
Review the quality of all materials at the site, ensure compliance with all project specifications and quality, and collaborate with the department for all material procurement and quality materials
Supervise the effective implementation of all test and inspection schedules, ensure adherence to all procedures, and coordinate with various teams to perform quality audits on processes.
Monitor an efficient system, record all project activities, and analyze all processes to ensure all work meets quality requirements.
Manage all work methods, maintain knowledge of quality assurance standards, monitor continuous application for all quality assurance processes, and recommend corrective actions for all operations.
Develop a method statement for the activity, including risk assessment, job safety environmental analysis, and Inspection
Monitoring and Supervision for the precast concrete work such as steel reinforcement, Formworks and Concrete Pouring for Foundation Footings, Manhole, Protection Slab and Oreedo Chamber JRC 14. etc.
Providing guidance and advice to the Project Manager on significant changes to the quality management system that have a direct impact on site operations.
Facilitating Root Cause analysis process for site level NCRs and ensure corrective action and preventive action are acceptable and approves NCR prior to input in QMS.
Processing, evaluating and submitting on time, completed Non Conformance Reports (NCRs), Corrective Action Request (CAR), Inspections and audit reports to Project QA/QC Manager
Providing supervision, direction and training to all QC team under his/her supervision.
Check & monitor progress/approval reports status daily, weekly and monthly, track storing, loading and delivery to the project site.
Inspection of all construction activities at job site if conformed to quality and procedure prior submitting any inspection request to avoid rejection during consultant inspection.
Monitor the quality control indicators and alert sub-contractor site engineers in cases of deviation and propose corrective measures to be applied.
Review Drawings & Specifications, Laboratory Test Results, Inspection and test plan, and Method Statements for implementation.
Assuring Safety as a part of each employee's job, active participation to the safety program is a condition of each employee's employment in order to achieve safer working environment.
Inspection during casting of concrete i.e. ready mixed concrete slump cone test, temperature test, delivery notes if conformed to specification, sample cubes, concrete application to structure if conformed to quality standard and procedure, and prepares field record of concreting for approval by consultant.
Inspection for all construction activities such as: Foundation excavation, Soil investigation Test, Compaction test, waterproofing works, Steel reinforcement & concrete work for raft, footing, Columns, Beams, Slabs, retaining wall, Core walls, Water tanks wall, Swimming pool as per approved design drawings
Witnessing of Material testing at the third-party laboratory (Gulf lab, Arab center, Exova, Jafco factory, Simsima block factory, chain link, Saad al kaabi)
Witnessing the site concrete testing as per approved Mix design (grade, slum, temperature, batching time and arrival time)
Carried out of Soil testing with third party (PLT, FDT, MDD, OMC etc.)
Witnessing of Pre-Engineering Building materials raw sampling and testing (PEB, purling, plate, pipe, rod etc.)
Witnessing of PEB fabrication and welding, NDT, visual inspections, and dimension)
Ensuring that the HSE requirements are observed in the execution of all Project activities.
B. tech. (HND) in Civil Engineering (Osun State Polytechnic Iree of Nigerian).2010
National Diploma in Civil Engineering (Osun State Polytechnic Iree of Nigerian) 2005
National Examination Council (NECO) 2002
Primary School Leaving Certificate. 1994
:
ISO 9001: 2015, Quality Management System Training (Q.H.S.E)
ISO 14001: 2015, Environmental Management Training (Q.H.S.E)
Driving License
RLIC Valid Gate Pass
Diploma in Quality Management (ALISON)
Diploma in Project Management {ALISON)
Diploma in Six Sigma {ALISON}
ISO Management System Audit Techniques {ALISON}
Diploma in workplace Health and Safety {ALISON}
Health and Safety in Construction {ALISON}
Health, Safety and Environment {HSE}
Cost Control Engineer {CCE/CCP}
Primavera P6
Permit to Work {PTW} certified By QP
Occupational Health and Safety Academy {OHSA )
S U M M A R Y O F Q U A L I F I C A T I O N
P R O F F E S S I O N A L T R A I N I N G C O U R S E S
Contact this candidate