Harjeet Bajwa
** ****** *****, ******** *** *B*
ad4gqz@r.postjobfree.com 647-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/harjeet-bajwa

OBJECTIVE: Quality Engineer/Analyst position.

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

8+ years of experience in software testing in web/mobile applications and backend services, with over 4 years of expertise in financial domain
Possesses Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and Engineering, MCP Certification in Microsoft SQL Server 2008: Database Development, Certification in Selenium WebDriver with Java
Experience in reviewing specifications and creating test plans, test scenarios test cases and test data
Highly skilled in project management (Agile/DevOps) methodologies and STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle).
Expertise in DevOps using tools like Jenkins, GitHub, Selenium-Java, JavaScript, Appium, Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ, TestNG, Maven framework, Log4j and allure reports.
Experience in testing web services using postman, soapUI Pro(ReadyAPI)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in working collaboratively with internal and external clients
Able to work independently and resolve issues quickly to acquire best solutions
Quick learner, organized, team player, self-motivated and with strong skills in meeting deadlines in fast paced environments

TECHINCAL SKILLS

Tools and Applications: JIRA, HP ALM, Selenium Web Driver, Appium, TestNG, Allure, Maven, Brazil, Jenkins, Git, Github, Log4j, Cucumber, Eclipse, Android Studio, Visual Studio, ReadyAPI, SoapUI, UFT, QC, Bugzilla, Bootstrap, CSS, NodeJS
Programming Skills: Java, C#, C++, VB, JavaScript and HTML
Software Development
Methodologies: Agile, DevOps, SDLC, Waterfall,
Technologies: Manual Testing, Automation Testing
Operating Systems: MS Windows, MacOS, Linux, MSDOS,
Styles: CSS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

QA Automation Engineer Nov 2021 – Apr 2023
Tangerine Bank, Toronto, ON
Performed manual and automation testing using Selenium, Appium, Maven, Allure, TestNG and Java/JavaScript.
Tested various APIs using postman to validate major HTTP request methods (GET, POST, PUT and DELETE) and response results.
Scheduled automation job runs for mobile and API test suites using Jenkins to catch bugs as early as possible before the regression cycles for increased time efficiency.
Managed defects, retests, regression under all supported environments in JIRA to ensure timely and successful application delivery.

Quality Assurance Engineer II Feb 2021 – June 2021
Amazon, Toronto, ON
Lead a team of 6 QA analysts overseas in a fast-paced work environment while meeting deadlines and never compromising on quality.
Performed UI automation using automated tools and programming languages (Selenium, Appium, Brazil, Allure, TestNG, and Java/JavaScript) to address areas such as functional testing, regression testing, negative testing, bug retests, database impacts, software scenarios and usability.
Triaged defects and constantly followed up with dev teams for timely bug resolutions.
Scheduled/attended various HLD/LLD review, BDR review, sprint planning and scrum meetings.
Created test plans and test data to ensure full coverage of the new features.
QA Automation Engineer Apr 2019 – Jan 2021
Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto, ON
Quickly learnt the new business and automated test scenarios for the latest module in the Project.
Collaborated and participated in test execution and updated the status of the releases to the leads.
Developed Test scripts for API functional testing using ReadyAPI, front end using Selenium/Java
Enabled the smoke test execution on every commit.
Software Test Engineer May 2018 – Oct 2018
Metex Inc., North York ON
Performed UI automation testing for desktop, web and mobile applications using Java/JavaScript programming
Reviewed API specifications and executed tests on HTTP request status code, Header, JSON schema, Filter/parameters (equivalence and boundary tests, wrong and null parameters tests).
Documented software defects, using a bug tracking system, and reported defects to Software Developers
Linked test cases to requirements, defect management and metrics reporting to cover technical requirements.

QA Analyst Dec 2011 – Feb 2018
Simi Accessories Corp., Etobicoke ON
Created test cases, performed manual and automation testing for updated features on simiaccessories.com
Actively managed and participated in requirement analysis and tested newly built websites and apps using system, functional, sanity, smoke, adhoc, exploratory, black box and UAT testing, verified bug fixes
Performed various duties of web admin using cpanel, HTML, CSS and JavaScript, fetchED data using SQL queries from database, performed Search Engine Optimization using sitemaps, google search console, analytics

EDUCATION

B. Tech - Computer Science and Engineering 2005
Punjab Technical University

CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES

Selenium WebDriver with Java Basic to Advance + Frameworks 2019
SQL Server 2008: Database Development 2012
Contact this candidate