Anastasia Eliseeva
Software QA Engineer
Charlotte, NC ad4ht8@r.postjobfree.com 980-***-**** LinkedIn Dedicated Software QA Engineer with over 3 years of experience in testing web and mobile applications. Proficient in creating comprehensive test plans, cases and scripts, contributing to a 15% improvement in bug identification. Always strives to contribute to the development of high - quality products, thereby helping the company achieve its strategic goals of creating exceptional products that delight and serve its users. Work history
Software QA Engineer, Bricktime ~ Remote, 05/2023 - Present Application for planning faster for users.
● Executing manual and automating test cases and scripts.
● Conducting thorough functionality, exploratory and GUI testing for web and mobile applications on different platforms, including smoke and regression tests, achieving a 95% application stability rate.
● Following Agile methodology, participated in daily SCRUM meetings to collaborate with the team regarding current sprints in order to meet project deadlines, weekly test planning.
● Performing backend validation by testing of API requests using Postman.
● Designing, maintaining, and executing quality assurance test strategies and test cases using TestRail.
● Assisting in web and mobile development and maintenance.
● Testing the evaluation of Android and iOS mobile applications, emphasizing functionality, resulting in a 30% enhancement in app performance metrics using Android studio, Xcode, Charles proxy.
● Collaborating with the team using Jira for logging bug reports over 200 defects, verifying bug fixes, and testing new features.
Software QA Tester, QLink ~ Remote 09/2020 - 04/2023
● Developed and executed manual test cases, test plans from detailed business and technical requirements, resulting in a 95% alignment with project objectives.
● Performed comprehensive functionality and user interface for both web application and mobile version across various platforms, including regression and smoke testing, resulting in a 30% improvement in post-releases system reliability.
● Participated in review meetings of products design, business and functional requirements.
● Created approximately 400 positive and negative test scenarios annually based on requirements.
● Carried out SQL queries to retrieve data and validate test results.
● Collaborated with engineers, QA team, product developers, project managers throughout SDLC. Auditor, Agricultural Bank ~ On-site 12/2015 - 06/2020
● Independently and collaboratively audited business processes, identifying and addressing over 1000 shortcomings and violations.
● Carried control activities and audits, analyzing identified issues and proposing strategies for their elimination.
● Registered result of more than 50 inspections and audits, actively contributing to the development and monitoring of action plans to eliminate recognized deficiencies and violations. Skills
Regression testing Functional testing Smoke UI Exploratory testing JavaScript SQL MySQL Workbench HTML & CSS Cypress Mocha Node.js Postman JSON Android studio Xcode
Charles proxy Postman API Git GitHub Action Jenkins VS Code Jira Confluence Trello Figma TestRail Notion
Education
● Bachelor’s degree in Economics, State University of Economics - 2007. Certifications
● HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, API for software development courses, Code The Dream
Contact this candidate