SRIVALLI TUMMA

Quality assurance Manager Sr. QA Engineer Lead

848-***-**** ■ ad4h8h@r.postjobfree.com ■ New Jersey

PROFILE

Experienced and result-driven Quality Assurance leader with over 15 years of experience in establishing, improving quality review process, procedures and documentation. Hands on manager with proven ability to direct and implement quality programs, reducing defects and improving overall efficiency and productivity to support development and release of business applications to improve customer satisfaction and market reputation. Adept in cross-functional collaboration, driving QA initiatives across development/project teams and stakeholders to deliver stable/reliable software for seamless workflow management.

PROFESSSINAL SUMMARY
Highly proficient at developing and implementing test strategies, test plans and test scenarios and quality methodologies and managing Manual & Automation QA teams (Onsite & offshore) to support development & release of business applications involving dynamic, business-critical and highly regulated environments with sensitive patient’s data, predominantly in HealthCare and various domains such as Media and Digital Health.
Adaptable, quick learner with excellent knowledge and implementation skills in complete SDLC and STLC in Agile - Scrum, Scaled Agile, Iterative, Kanban and Waterfall.
Proficient in understanding BRD’s, Functional Specifications, Design Documentations and applying Testing Methodologies/creating Test Plans, Test Automation Planning, Developing and Execution of Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, Requirement Traceability Matrix, Defect tracking and Custom Report Generations.
Leveraged existing and emerging QA technologies, uncovering defects and directing test strategies to improve quality and hands-on test executions of software products.
Expertise in Functional, System, Regression, Black-Box, Integration, Mobile, GUI, Backend, Smoke, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), End to End, Sanity, Ad-hoc and System Integration Testing.
Experience working with open-source technologies and cloud services (AWS, Microsoft Azure) and source control, branching and CI/CD pipelines (GitHub, Microsoft Azure DevOps).
Experience in testing both SOAP and REST services using SOAP UI, Postman and tested both XML and JSON formats.
Manage builds and releases for cloud solutions/Platform-as-a-service with Microsoft Azure, AWS.
Experience in startups and able to work effectively in a fast-paced environments.
Demonstrate a strong work ethic, integrity and commitment to quality. A collaborative problem solver with excellent analysis, attention to details, adaptability, debugging and multi-task skills with fast-paced, schedule driven development.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Test Management Tools:
JIRA, Azure DevOps, VSTS, Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), ALM HP Quality Center, TestRail
Automation QA Tools:
TestRigor, Qyrus, HP ALM, UFT, QTP, Soap UI, Postman, Selenium WebDriver
Defect Tracking Tools:
JIRA, TFS, Mingle, Mantis, Bugzilla, HP Quality Center (QC)
CI/CD:
Azure pipelines, GitHub, GitHub Actions, Jenkins
Cloud Technologies:
AWS, Microsoft Azure, AWS IAM, AWS CloudWatch, AWS Cognito, SAAS, Datadog
DBMS / Query Tools:
Table Plus, TOAD, Aqua Data Studio, SQL Yog, Amazon RDS
Project Methodologies:
SDLC, Agile-Scrum, Iterative, Kanban, Waterfall
Operating Systems:
Windows variants, MacOS, Apple iOS, Android, UNIX
Databases:
MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Oracle 9i
Languages:
SQL, PL/SQL, Java, JavaScript
Version Control Tools
GIT, SVN, TFS, Azure DevOps Server
Collaboration Tools:
Confluence, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Wiki, Trello, SharePoint, Go-To-Meeting, Zoom
Web Technologies:
HTML, XML, CSS, REST services, JSON
UX/UI Tools:
FIGMA, Miro, Balsamic, Zeplin
Other Tools:
Text Pad, Putty, Web Services, WinSCP, FreshPaint, RevenueCat, StoryBlok, AppsFlyer, Iterable, Sendbird, BrowserStack, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Types of Software Testing:
Manual, Automation, API, Functional, Integration, System, Regression, Smoke/Sanity, Adhoc, Exploratory, Parallel, UAT, Mobile (Ios, Android)

WORK EXPERIENCE

Caraway Health
QA Manager (Remote)
November 2022 – Present

Caraway is a digital healthcare company for Gen Z that provides integrated mental health, reproductive and physical healthcare services all in one place.
•Provide QE technical leadership and participated closely with Development & Product leadership to refine clean designs, stories, accurate scoping/prioritizing with acceptance criteria for feature validation to meet project deadlines with high quality.
•Developed a QA team for this startup company including interviewing and training(coached/mentored) which resulted in being directly responsible for 2 direct reports (onsite & offshore) & provided direction for standardizing/ prioritizing bug reporting process in a dynamic, fast -moving environment.
•Identified and eliminated at least 50% of flaky tests to enhance the reliability of test outcomes to ensure consistent stability to the software delivered.
•Participate, provide input in Sprint planning with regards to testing, analyze to help story point individual stories during backlog refinement sessions, measure QA team capacity for each individual using various charts to help set expectations.
•Defined, developed, executed and maintained Integration, Regression and End to End testing and tracked metrics and milestones.
•Explored and evaluated suitable testing tools and technologies for Mobile (iOS & Android) & Web apps that enhanced QA team productively and efficiency.
•Regularly reviewed and refined the QA processes to ensure continuous improvements.
•Work with QE’s in getting automation set developed for E2E, API to increase automation test coverage for each quarter.
•Ensured the reliability of the software releases by conducting thorough Regression testing, achieving a 25% decrease in software defects.
•Participate in Mid Sprint checkpoint and provided visibility into testing metrics/defects that helps leadership adjust priorities and take right decisions.
•Co-ordinate and provide IC (individual contribution) to Product team with UAT testing.
•Ensured software usability by conducting and executing usability testing, resulting in a 30% increase in user satisfaction rating.
•Participated in the release management and coordinated the App stores Production roll-out to mobile apps and ensure post deployment checkouts are complete.
•Help triage and collaborate with Product and Clinical Care teams to develop product training methods in triaging the support issues by implementing a thorough Root cause analysis for all high severity release issues detected.
Skills: AWS, AWS Cognito, React, React Native, GitHub, CI/CD, PostgreSQL, Mobile App, Web Application, Xcode, iOS/Android, TestFlight, Google Play Store, Datadog, RevenueCat, SendBird, FreshPaint, Iterable, AppsFlyer, Postman, BrowserStack TablePlus, Qyrus, TestRail, JIRA, Snowflake, HIPPA, Agile Scrum.

Business Wire
Sr, Quality Assurance Team Lead (Remote)
June 2022 – November 2022
Business Wire is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure.
•Actively participated in the walk-through discussions about the upcoming features with the business stakeholders and Product owners.
•Set standards with the Product teams to understand the value of well written requirements/user stories.
•Concurrently supported multiple Product development teams following Agile methodologies.
•Mentored QA Engineers through example and constructive guidance by providing test resources and project schedules and communicating with other technical/product leads.
•Participate in Daily Stand-ups, discuss progress and help resolve impediments team faces.
•Led projects and supported the testing team by creating/reviewing/executing test plans.
•Worked as a liaison between IT and Business, ensuring smooth QA/UAT/Production testing activities are performed.
•Prepared Client Press releases for delivery over the wire and maintain the high quality of BW’s newsfeed.
•Participated in Scrum of Scrums and provide insight into QA activities.
•Supported the quality of the patented inhouse news-delivery technology.
•Developed E2E automation scripts for functional test cases using TestRigor and ran them during the bi- weekly release Regression cycles.
•Documented/Maintained and assigned the verification tasks for (Onsite & Offshore QA team members) for Tests and Production deploy verifications on Confluence.
•Participate and led QA team in the Production roll-out and ensure verifications on the Production environments.
Skills: Amazon Web Services (AWS), React, Ant Design, CSS, Next.js, JIRA, Confluence, TestRail, Monday.com, Lucidspark, Zeplin, TestRigor

AmerisourceBergen
Sr. Quality Assurance Team Lead (Remote)
March 2015 – June 2022

IntelliDose TxM (HITRUST certified), a web-based application for Chemotherapy Treatment Plan Management- which delivers complex chemotherapy regimens in a highly regulated patient safety for Oncology practices.
Lead the team, developed and executed test scenarios for successful delivery of important, time sensitive business features, beta testing and releases to production.
Performed Integration testing and SSO using JSON with Precision Medicine Exchange.
Conducted daily/weekly calls with the QA team for clear communication/coordination, Test Effort Estimation.
Facilitated the team to continuous improvement by evaluating the existing Manual test script coverage and worked with the QA Automation team to keep Automation Smoke test suite in check for interim releases.
Monitored logged issues, defect triaging along with Root Cause Analysis with Product Development teams to prioritize defects/risks to keep QA deliverables on track for timely resolution.
Trained in Agile and Scaled Agile software development principles and practices.
Identify and resolve conflicts between new functionality and existing automated Regression test suite.
Worked with architects, product owner & delivery leads to come up with a solution in delivering minimum viable product.
Worked with UroChartEHR (CCHIT certified), a healthcare application used by Urologists for ambulatory patients and involved in testing efforts towards UroChartEHR release for reliable Meaningful Use 3 Certification and extensively contributed towards CQM (Clinical Quality measures) 2019 Attestation for MIPS reporting.
Single – handedly led the testing process of successful sunset of meridianEMR product and verified migrated practices/customers data to UroChartEHR.
Continuous testing and verification of regulatory features- Multum monthly & CPT quarterly updates along with meridianEMR 2018 Attestation of CQM.
Skills: C#, ASP.Net, Typescript, SQL Server, MySQL, Aqua Data Studio, SQLyog, Microsoft Visual Studio Code, Coded UI, Salesforce, TeamCity, WinSCP, Webservices, TFS/Test Manager, JIRA, VSTS, Azure DevOps, Azure Pipelines, JSON API, XML, HL7, SoapUI, HIPPA

HealthTronics IT Solutions – Livingston, NJ
Sr. Software QA Analyst /Team Lead
April 2013 – February 2015
meridianEMR is a CCHIT certified Urology-specific EMR ready to connect whole practice with discrete, accessible and insightful Urology data.
Joined as a Sr.QA Analyst and quickly managed day- to- day activities of QA team (Onsite & Offshore) and coordinated work closely with stakeholders to ensure timely deliverables.
Lead/execute test scenarios and extensively participated in Conversion testing (from PostgreSQL to SQL Server), System, Feature/Functional, Integration, Regression, Ad-hoc, Sanity and Beta testing.
Ensured 100% test coverage across modules, review existing test cases & test plans.
Participate as a key stakeholder in efforts to implement an efficient/repeatable QA process across team.
Collaborated with the Product Managers, Development teams to prioritize assignments and ensure coordination of testing efforts to ensure overall quality of the software by executing and maintaining QA Project Dashboard and QA Impact Analysis.
Test development and execution of the scripts for verifying the HL7 messages which allows PM (Practice Management) systems, Lab systems, hospital systems to exchange information through the Interfaces.
Actively created and executed the Test Scripts for MU certifications including CCD/CCDA, DIRECT messaging projects developed under short Agile Sprint cycles using Agile Scrum methodology.
Developed/Executed functional Test scripts for various parts of e-Prescribing (Surescripts - NEWRx, Refills) EPCS, Benefits and History services and made it ready for certification readiness by deadline with quality work.
Skills: Java, Swing, Mingle, Postgres, SQL Server, SFTP, HL7, XML, Aqua Data Studio, SharePoint, Salesforce, TeamCity, HP UFT, REST services, HIPPA

Aetna – New York, NY
QA Manager
April 2008 – September 2010

ActivePHR is powered by CareEngine® System, a patented evidence-based clinical decision support technology that immediately processes new member-entered data and informs members about actionable opportunities to improve their health. ActivePHR provides members with an evolving, comprehensive picture of their health.
Managed a four-member software QA testing team in developing and implementing quality-assurance on ActivePHR project.
Participate in all reviews necessary to ensure quality in the product- requirement & design.
Defined, developed and maintained test cases and employed a “Test-to-break” approach on testing initiatives and clarified ambiguous requirements to ensure the effectiveness of all test plans.
Improved the documentation of QA testing practices to enhance their repeatability, saving time and cost. Identified the test scripts and evaluated what to include in the next run at the end of each release.
Managed the day-to-day Quality Assurance duties for assigned projects, supervising QA staff assigned to the project.
Lead defect review calls and Point of Contact (POC) for all external test teams ensuring they have builds and needed direction to provide efficient test coverage
Validated XML request and response using SOAP to get subscriber/Dependent information in request and get user in response.
Involved in Back-end, Usability and in Automation of the web applications (Commercial and DTC-Direct to Consumer) using QTP.
Developed/executed Functional test cases for UAT test and maintained QA project Timelines.
Report on team progress in a clear, concise manner and provided a Go/No Go Decision to determine release readiness of products or product features.
Skills: C#, Microsoft .NET, WES, SOAP, Mantis, WSDL Service Tool, Internet Explorer 6/7, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, SNAGIT, SharePoint, Oracle 9i, Aqua Data Studio, SQL Server, QTP

ActiveHealth Management – New York, NY
Sr.QA Analyst/ Team Lead
September 2006 – March 2008

PHR (Electronic Health Record application) is a private and secure online tool where you can keep your health information in one safe location. PHR has a patented, evidence-based clinical decision support technology which is regularly maintained & updated by a team of Physicians.
Promoted to Sr.QA Analyst from a QA Analyst role within two months of hire and recognized for developing excellent test scripts and rapidly discovering defects.
Perform and validated through Manual Testing, GUI, Functional, System and Integration testing.
Primary liaison between QA Team and Stakeholders who are both technical and nontechnical (Medical directors).
Created/Executed UAT Test Cases on the Scenarios provided by the Clinical Team and coordinated the activities with them.
Prepared Daily Execution & Weekly Defect Status Reports and presented progress updates with the project manager, developers and with Stakeholders.
Performed Web Services Testing using Tunnelier.
Extensively used Page, Text Area, Standard Output Value checkpoints to customize the QTP scripts.
Involved in the creation of Automation framework (Data Driven).
Validate Claims (ICD’9s, NDC, CPT codes) according to HIPPA compliance.
Skills: C#, Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0, WSE, Mantis, QTP 10, Tunnelier, Internet Explorer 6/7, Aqua Data Studio, SNAGIT, SharePoint, Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2005

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS

Masters in Computer Applications (MCA)

2003

Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900)

2021

Google Agile Project Management

2024
Contact this candidate