Sobha Koltur
ad4ke1@r.postjobfree.com
732-***-**** (m)
Work Authorization: US Citizen
ISTQB Certified Tester

SUMMARY:

Over 16 years of experience in QA of Client/Server, Mobile, and Web applications
Expertise in different domains such as Retail, Ecommerce, HealthCare, and Banking
Extensive experience with all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and
Development/Enhancement and Maintenance of application
Experience in Agile, Kanban SCRUM and SDLC methodologies
Expertise in analyzing and reviewing User/Business Requirements, Functional Requirements,
Dataflow diagrams, Data Model and Visio documents
Extensive experience and adept in translating requirements into test plans and test cases
Extensive experience in performing various types of testing such as Build Validation and Verification, Smoke (Sanity), Functional, Integration, System, Regression, Ad-hoc (Exploratory), Cross–Browser, Positive and Negative, Boundary Values Analysis, User Interface and User Acceptance testing
Adept in Black Box testing, White box testing, defect reporting and tracking and Quality Assurance Documentation such as test plans, test case, test reports, user guides and test procedures.
Heavily involved in Third party tag testing such as Facebook, Pinterest, Google Analytics, Floodlight, SnapChat, and Opinion Lab
Expert in Analytics testing
Involved in defect triage meetings, Root Cause Analysis, support technical team with complete information to speed up defect fix turn around, identify impacted areas for fix around testing to avoid unwanted bugs.
Experience in documenting the testing process using MS-Office tools including Word, PowerPoint and Excel
Extensively worked on different Operating Systems like UNIX, Mac OSX Windows
NT/95/98/2000/XP
Experience in Cross Browser testing on IE, Safari, Firefox, Chrome, Mobile, iPad
Expert in Release Management cycles
Strong experience with backend Services(API) Testing using Postman
Experience in feeds testing
Expert in SEO testing and Sitemap testing using Screaming Frog
Experience in coordinating with DEVOps team related to environmental issues.
Provided support with weekly releases, hotfixes, and sanities
Proven experience using test management and defect tracking systems such as HP Quality Center (ALM), Jira, Bugzilla, FogBugz and Team track
Solid SQL skills, can write complex SQL Queries, functions, triggers and stored procedures for Backend testing and end-to-end testing
Organized, Coordinated and conducted training on testing best practices, BCC, Drupal, Analytics, Third Party tags, Tealium Data Layer testing to all testing teams.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Experience in managing the Onsite and Offshore teams
Ample experience in team co-ordination, mentoring and nurturing teams and client co-ordination and client interfacing
Involved in estimating the test effort for big size projects
Possess excellent analytical skills combined with good communication and organization skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Testing Tools/Others
HP ALM, HP AGM, HP Quality Center, HP QTP, Load runner, Test Director, Win Runner, SQA Robot, Rational test manager, Cycle Manager, STR, E-tool, SpecFlow, Screaming Frog, XRAY, Postman, Rich Results Test
Operating System
Windows (All Flavors), UNIX, Solaris and Linux, Mac
Databases
SQL Server, Oracle 9i, Sybase, DB2, MS Access, Lotus Notes 5/6
Bug Tracking Tools
Test Director, Quality Center, Clear Quest, Bugzilla, InfoMan, JIRA, FogBugz
App servers
Web logic 4.5/6
Web Servers
IIS, Apache
Languages
Visual Basic 6.0, .NET, Java, Servlets, HTML, JavaScript, ASP, SQL, People Soft CRM, React, Next JS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Qualitest
QA Lead April 2023 – To date

Client: Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.
Hertz Global Holdings, known as Hertz, is an American Car Rental company which operates the Hertz, Dollar and Thrifty vehicle rental brands in approximately 10,200 corporate and franchisee locations throughout North America, Europe, The Caribbean, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Australia and New Zealand. The Hertz Corporation is one of the largest worldwide rental companies, and the Hertz brand is one of the most recognized in the world. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, Ultimate Choice, Carfirmations, Mobile Wi-Fi and unique vehicles offered through the Adrenaline, Dream, Green and Prestige Collections set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, The Hertz Corporation owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen, operates the Firefly vehicle rental brand and Hertz 24/7 car sharing business in international markets and sells vehicles through Hertz Car Sales.

Responsibilities:
Writing test plans, test cases in JIRA Zephyr and executing the test cases
Heavily involved in API services testing using postman
Involved in deriving QA Plan and assisting on QA estimations for larger program plan
Lead in daily Scrum meetings for QA activities
Participated in MFE functional testing with white label platform
Coordinate and Lead Off-shore team with their day-to-day operations
Report QA Metrics to management on weekly reports
Sending Regression plan to QA team for weekly release
Reviewing defects/issues with team
Coordinating with developers on the issues raised by QA
Working closely with DEVOps to resolve environmental issues
Participating in defect review meetings as needed
Escalating the release blockers with Project Manager/BA and working with dev to resolve them
Make sure to complete the tasks within the time frame
Retail Digital Marketing/e-commerce Bed Bath & Beyond. Union, NJ QA Lead March 2015 – March 2023

As a Lead QA Analyst, I was responsible for working on several e-commerce applications and managing the offshore QA team of 5 for enhancing the user buying experience and improving the site performance. I was primarily involved in:

www.bedbathbeyond.com
www.bedbathbeyond.ca
www.buybuybaby.com
www.harmonfacevalues.com

Some of the recent projects on the e-com products:

SEO enhancements: I was heavily involved in SEO testing which includes SEO elements title, Meta title, description, canonical, alternate tags, Meta Robots and structured data for different page types. In addition, did sitemap testing by crawling PLP, PDP and brand Page URLs through the screaming frog and analyzed the results and SEO Import/Export for bulk updates of data.

Extensive testing in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) with all Sitemaps including Category PLP, Brand PLP, PDP, ever living PDP, Product Reviews, and store.

Micro service API testing using Postman and browser. This includes store API, product API, and PLP API.

Progressive Web Application testing including server-side rendering and Next JS page testing.

End-to-end testing up to Order Confirmation page to make sure order flow is working fine and tags are firing fine.

Supported weekly releases, hotfixes and sanities. Also, gave sprint demos and UAT demos to business and product leaders.

Frontend Optimization (FEO) for BedBath, Baby, Canada and Harmon sites - which is a key larger platform migration from legacy Web 2.0 to new Web 3.0. Modern web 3.0 uses state-of-the-art technologies that include but not limited to React Native Front End, Google Cloud Platform with Cloud SQL and APIGEE API technologies.

Third-Party tags – I was responsible in validating Facebook, Pinterest, Google Analytics, Floodlight, SnapChat, Opinion Lab and many other tags to make sure they are triggering as expected.
Adobe Analytics with Tealium tag management - I was involved in testing migrating 47 third-party tags from Ensighen to Tealium including the Adobe Analytics tag. Which is another largest milestone project we have completed very recently. Also, did App analytics testing by using Charles proxy tool.

Heavily involved in Product and PLP feed testing in lower and prod environments.

Same Day Delivery – Add a new delivery service option for same day delivery on e-commerce orders in selected markets.

Responsibilities:
Analyzed Solution Specification document, Functional document, detailed design document to prepare detailed test plans and test scripts for different scenarios.
Actively participated in daily Scrum stand ups, Discover, grooming, sprint planning and retrospective meetings.
Wrote test plans, test cases, and executed the test cases
Actively logging all identified issues/bugs in JIRA for each Sprint
Actively participated in defect debugging with developers.
Review of deliverables, test cases, test execution and defects.
Front end optimization throughout the site was validated with SEO, Omniture and Third-party integrations.
Performed extensive testing on SEO, PLP, PDP pages for Bedbath sites
Expert in crawling the site URLs via Screaming Frog and validating the results
Heavily involved in Structured Data testing using Rich Results Test tool
Coordinated with offshore resources to manage sanity and regression efforts for weekly release.
Having hands on experience in Agile SCRUM and SDLC methodologies
Participated in Sprint Planning for every Sprint.
Involved in retrospective meetings for each Sprint
Involved in deriving QA Plan and assisting on QA estimations for larger program plan
Developed and executed SQL queries in database as part of testing process.
Led in daily Scrum meetings for QA activities
Coordinated and Led Off-shore teams with their day-to-day operations
Sending Regression plan to QA team for weekly release
Reported QA Metrics to management on weekly reports
Executed automation scripts and analyzed results to improve the quality
Actively participated with DEVOps team to resolve environmental issues
Reviewing defects/issues, troubleshooting, and debugging on priority basis
Heavily involved in validation on Sandbox, QA, Stage, Preview and production environments.

Environment: IBM Rational Suite, Tealium, JIRA, RM Tracker, Omnibug, Selenium, Screaming Frog, React Native, Google Cloud Platform

HealthCare Software TriZetto, A Cognizant Company. Union, NJ
Sr. QA Engineer August 2007 – March 2015

As a Senior QA Analyst, I performed software testing and quality assurance of TriZetto’s healthcare products. I was heavily involved in web-based testing for a suite of products, which are EAM, FRM, RSM, CDM, and PDEM that are developed in the framework. In addition, I was involved in windows-based testing for RAM and SSM products. Over 7 years in the company, I was Involved in all phases of development and tested these products from incubation to a fully matured state. Millions of healthcare providers use these products, and we release new features, Compliance and defects on a quarterly basis. In each release, I was involved in validating all the products, package, and release to the customers. We strictly follow Agile Scrum methodologies in releasing the products. On a rotation basis, I acted as a SCRUM master for a couple of releases. I am responsible for managing the QA environment and SQL Server databases.

Responsibilities:

Framework Installation on daily basis.
Database restores and backups on SQL Server.
Participated in daily SCRUM meetings and Sprint meetings and release planning meetings.
Packaged the code and released products to clients
At the end of every sprint, demoed the product features to all stakeholders
Prepared test plans and test cases using HP ALM 11.52 (earlier, Quality Center)
Used a blended approach of manual testing and automation
Coordinated and managed offshore teams in Minsk, Belarus and Pune, India

Environment: .NET, SQL Server 2008/2012, HP ALM 11.52, HP AGM, HP QTP, TFS, HP Quality Center, Team Track, FugBugz, Spec Flow

Concierge (Retail banking)/PIR Citigroup, Long Island City, NY
Quality Engineer January 2006 – July 2007

Concierge application is designed to provide a unified user experience to reduce the time and cost in user training, which will inherently increase efficiency in the financial centers. The user can access several applications to carry out daily duties. Concierge provides a unique interface for all the modules: Customer Relationship View (CRV), Problem Inquiry and Resolution (PIR), Servicing and Account Opening (SAO). It will provide a reusable core of business routines that can be utilized across multiple service channels. The Concierge will empower Citibank NA employees with easy-to-use intuitive tools and processes efficiently provide customers with the opportunity to fulfill their financial goals through a consistent, best-in-class experience.

Responsibilities
Communicated and worked with Test Designers, Business Analysts and Management
Execute test cases, report findings and gave feedback/recommendations to the designer’s team
Identifying and analyzing the Test Case Design Flaws and sending the reports to the Test Designers.
Identify, document and track defects, anomalies and potential improvements identified during testing.
Executed test scripts using WP analyzed the results and reported the bugs using Test Director
Provided timely updates to STC on testing, status and scheduling issues
Defining the performance goals and objectives based on the client’s requirements and inputs
Prepared Performance Test Strategies and Performance test plans.
Created and assigned task list, checklist, estimations and deliverables.
Used Load Runner andVuGen for generating the automated test scripts.
Inserted Transaction and Rendezvous points to calculate transaction response time under load.
Scheduled & conducted meetings with clients & Team Members

Environment: Manual Testing, Test Director, Mainframes, People Soft, Quality Center, Infoman, Excel, CWS, Citismart, NBS

EDUCATION:

Certificate in Software Testing Techniques from Brandeis University, MA
Certified by ISTQB
Completed course in C++ from Boston University, Boston, MA
Bachelor of Science from S.V. University, INDIA
Contact this candidate