Thomas Williams
Rockford, IL
ad4ki9@r.postjobfree.com - 779-***-****
Authorized to work in the US for any employer.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Shipping and Receiving Manager
Sems and Specials - Rockford, IL
1991 – 1995
Started as a parts cleaner and packing products for shipments.
Other duties also consisted of loading and unloading trucks.
Company grew larger and I was promoted to manager.
Mostly the same duties but also in charge of quality and inventory

Carpentry
Numerous companies - Rockford, IL
1995 - 2008
Started framing houses. Went onto roofing, siding, plumbing, flooring, drywall, decks, and fences.
Will-Bid Construction
2009-2012
Started my own business doing restorations and remodels in the Rockford area.
Mainly worked on the Garrison School restoration and numerous homes in that area.
Market crash finally caught up with me and I had to shut down in 2012.

Assembler, Visual Factory, Quality Manager
Barnes International - Rockford, IL -
2013 - 2022
Started and worked as an assembler for a year. Worked with CAD in the visual factory department to create description tags and labels.

2014 I was placed as the In Process QA manager. Duties included reviewing current Fab and Mechanical in process procedures and updated as needed. Creating new IN Process for both departments and performed inspections on certain items that we were having issues with out in the field.

2017 I was placed as the Vendor Supplier QA Manager. Duties included creating inspection processes. Created guides on how inspect special items for our filtration systems. Created inspection forms. Inspection set up in Syteline. Creating Material Review Reports. Communicating with vendors regarding nonconformances. Assisting vendors with root cause analysis and corrective actions. On site vendor audits.

2018 I was added to our safety committee. I would perform random reviews of our facility and document and report safety issues.

2021 I continued to perform my duties as QA Manager and Visual factory Manager and was added to our mechanical and manufacturing engineer team.

2022 I was added in as manufacturing engineer apprentice.

Experience in AutoCad, Word, Excel, Power Point, Syteline, Teams, & One Note.

Laid off due to budget cuts.

Cook
Mulligans Bar and Grill – Rockford, IL
2023 – Present

EDUCATION
Harlem High School - Machesney Park, IL
1988 - 1991
Contact this candidate