Julie Kim Software QA Engineer
Location: New York, NY 10005
Phone: (347) 277- 9466
Email: ad4l3k@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https: //www.linkedin.com/in/julie-kim-41a173195
SUMMARY
Overall, 7 years of experience with SQA Projects related to testing Mobile and Web products. Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Methodology. Comfortable working as a member of the integrated team as well as independently. Analytical skills and attention to detail. US Citizen.
SKILLS
Platforms: Web (Windows, macOS, Linux) and Mobile (iOS, Android OS)
Testing Tools: Chrome DevTools, Android Studio, ADB, Xcode, Wave, Andi
Management: Jira, TestRail, qTest
Testing Types: UI Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, Sanity,
Smoke Testing, 508 Compliance Testing
Other: Troubleshooting Debugging, Networking (5G testing), Prod Server,
Pre-prod Server, Qualcomm Software (QXDM, QPST, PCAT, QFILL)
WORK EXPERIENCE
Software QA Engineer InfiniSource Consulting Solutions, Inc. Remote January 2023 – Present
Develop and execute test cases according to the business requirements
Participated in retrospective meetings to identify areas for improvement in the testing process
Conduct functional, regression, usability, smoke, and 508 compliance testing
Tracking and reporting defects in the Jira bug-tracking system.
Interact with developers, product managers, and other stakeholders to identify and resolve issues and ensure timely delivery of high-quality software.
Software QA Engineer Verizon Wireless Basking Ridge, NJ April 2020 – October 2022
Participated in cross-team meetings with developers and design architects to understand functional requirements and base-lined functional tests.
Designed and executed test cases to identify and resolve errors during transfers.
Performed UI, sanity, system, and regression testing for mobile applications.
Flashed and upgraded Qualcomm MTP devices for 5G testing using Qualcomm tools
Collected logs during the testing of Qualcomm MTP devices using the QXDM
Software QA Engineer Astra Brooklyn, NY Sept 2016 – April 2020
Performed manual testing on web and mobile (iOS, Android) applications
Wrote and executed manual test cases in TestRail for web-based applications.
Identified, researched, and reported multiple software issues to the Jira defect tracking system.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and prioritize tasks for each sprint.
Participated in planning meetings with the development team and suggested additional testing ideas to improve test coverage.
EDUCATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Printing, The Tashkent Institute of Textile and Light Industry, Republic of Uzbekistan
Contact this candidate