Inga Chetrari

Greenville, SC ***** - 407-***-**** - ad4l9s@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Software Quality Assurance Tester with other 5 years of dealing with testing and support in both desktop and web-based environments. Analyzed pre- and post-development applications to isolate and resolve performance errors through cooperation with development and technical support teams. Dedicated to superior debugging services through exceptional communication, prompt and precise diagnosis and effective solutions.Highly-motivated employee with desire to take on new challenges. Strong worth ethic, adaptability and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. Hardworking employee with customer service, multitasking and time management abilities. Devoted to giving every customer a positive and memorable experience.
Skills
Software Compatibility Testing
Testing Script Development
Java/Selenium
Risk Management
Troubleshooting and Resolution
Unit testing
Bug Tracking and Resolution
Web Technologies
Version Control Systems: Git
iOS and Android Testing
Performance Testing
Test Plans and Test Methodologies
Defect Tracking and Reporting
Agile Scrum Methodology
JIRA/Confluence
Windows, UNIX/LINUX
JavaScript, HTML, CSS
REST API(Postman)
SQL knowledge (MySQL, Oracle)
User Acceptance Testing
Experience
Premium Soft Labs November 2020 to Current
Software QA Engineer
Phoenix, AZ
Performed Rest API testing using Postman: verified API requests and validated response data following Restful protocols
Developed and executed SQL queries to verify the proper insertion, deletion and updates, and ensure data integrity throughout the front-end and back-end
Tested functionality, performance and compliance of each product against design specifications to maintain strong development standards and high customer satisfaction.
Wrote and updated manual test cases for team use, maintaining optimal organization for maximum productivity.
Completed unit and regression tests on software and individual modules.
Monitored and facilitated bug resolutions to optimize software.
Created and optimized automated testing tools for repetitive tasks.
Developed comprehensive test plans, strategies and scripts to ensure quality of software applications.
Analyzed requirements documents and identified areas for further testing.
Conducted automation testing using Selenium WebDriver.
Created and maintained database of common and known testing defects.
Produced test scripts for new automated software testing rounds.
ZeroIn Software April 2019 to October 2020
Manual QA Engineer
Concord, CA
Manually tested the mobile application on IOS and Android platforms
Performed interruption testing (push notifications from other applications, connecting/disconnecting hardware, alarms, low battery)
Performed compatibility testing on real devices as well as on emulators and simulators
Generated and extracted diagnostic reports of mobile services using ADB commands (screenshots, screen recordings, and collect logs)
Performed cross-platform testing of the mobile application using Android Virtual Device Emulator
Device Farm, and real devices
Performed Functional, UI, Integration, Networking, Smoke, and Regression testing for new builds
Reported and prioritized bugs, tracked defects, resolved issues using Jira application
Tested functionality, performance and compliance of each product against design specifications to maintain strong development standards and high customer satisfaction.
Completed unit and regression tests on software and individual modules.
Participated in daily stand-up meetings (Agile Scrum), software walk-through meetings, took part in bug triage meetings to evaluate and prioritize fixes
Analyzed test results to detect issues and track root causes.
Created test data for validating scenarios based on functional requirements.
Managed resource allocation and networked to manage planning and operations in testing cycle.
Monitored virtual server environment targeting testing and backend servers.
Performed testing to determine functionality or optimization.
Stellar Group August 2017 to August 2019
Junior QA Engineer
Chisinau, Moldova
Tracked software bugs and detailed information regarding findings and resolution techniques in documentation.
Monitored and facilitated bug resolutions to optimize software.
Simulated software production environments to allow for enhanced testing.
Provided continuous process improvement and preventive and corrective actions to facilitate operational efficiency.
Worked with off-site teams to complete timely tests and facilitate smooth product releases.
Functionality of the final product meets the user's requirements
Filed JIRA bugs and enhancement requests
Wrote and updated manual test cases for team use, maintaining optimal organization for maximum productivity.
Participated in sprint planning, demo, daily stand-up, defect review, and other meetings
Education and Training
Udemy March 2020
Associate of Science: Computer Engineering
Los Altos, CA
Coursera January 2017
Course: Manual Tester
CA
College of Finance And Banking June 2006
Bachelor of Science: Finance and Insurance
Chisinau, Moldova, Moldova
References
References available upon request
Contact this candidate