Career Objective
Looking for Software Functional Testing Engineer position in a well-known organization which gives me an opportunity to exhibit my technical skills and giving scope for career and financial growth. Professional Experience
QA Engineer-Manual(App Tester)
AppSuccessor Media Private Limited
Sep 2023 – present
•Analyzing users stories/use cases/requirements for validity and feasibility.
•Perform end to end testing & compatibility testing.
•Analyse test results to predict user behavior, identify bugs and suggest solutions to minimize problems.
•Prepare documentation on user behaviors and test results.
•Create standards and procedures for developers to follow. Education
MCA
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University = 90%
2021 – 2023
B.Sc. Hons. Electronics
Delhi University = 80%
2018 – 2021
Senior Secondary
CBSE = 89%
2017 – 2018
Secondary
CBSE = 81.7%
2015 – 2016
Skills
Manual Testing (1. Knowledge on SDLC, STLC and Defect Life Cycle. 2. Knowledge on Test Plan, Test cases. 3. Knowledge of writing, reviewing and executing Test Cases. 4. Knowledge of Smoke, Functional, Integration, and System Testing. 5. Knowledge of Regression, Compatibility, Sanity, Performance Testing. 6. Good knowledge in white box testing, black box, grey box testing. 7. Knowledge of Bug Life Cycle & agile methodology.)
Automation Testing (1. Good Knowledge on Selenium automation Tool which includes –Selenium IDE(Mthods- get getCurrentUrl, getTitle, getPageSource, getText,getTagName,getSize,Web Driver.) 2. Good Knowledge of java programming. 3. Basic knowledge of oops concept,Inheritance,polymorphism,String,loops, Parameters. 4. Data driven Testing.)
Jira My SQL Java
Amisha
ad4not@r.postjobfree.com
959-***-****
Certification
Software Testing (Croma
Campus)
Python for Data Science
(NPTEL)
Computer Architechture and
Organization (NPTEL)
Introduction to programming
in C (NPTEL)
Software Engineering (NPTEL)
Projects
Orange HRM
•It’s a Human Resource Management application (LOGIN PAGE testing) Automation Exercise
•It's a Human Resource Management Application
Roomsoom
•It’s a website to make house hunting easy
Student Management System
•A student management system is designed to record, analyze, and manage information in a school. These systems are updated by teachers and school administrators on a rolling basis to better serve the needs of the greater student body.
Co-Curricular Activities
Electro-Zeal-19, Maharaja Agrasen College
Volunteer
Organised an event
Volunteer
Declaration
I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Contact this candidate