Yilmaz Aslaner

Software QA Engineer
ad4ouu@r.postjobfree.com 407-***-**** Orlando, Florida

PROFILE SUMMARY

Quality Assurance Engineer with over 5 years of experience in Software Manual and Automation Testing of web-based applications.
Equipped with outstanding knowledge and implementation skills in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Developed a quality-focused approach with a proactive "test to break" approach and a deep understanding of the Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts.
Designed and created automation frameworks using Java, JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, and Jenkins tools.
Actively participated in all Scrum ceremonies, such as Daily Scrum, Grooming, Planning, Demo, and Retrospective.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Hilton Hotels McLean / VA
QA Engineer May 2021 – Present

●Improved the Hybrid Framework's design, incorporating Page Object Model (POM), Cucumber, and Maven archetypes, resulting in a streamlined, code-optimized, navigable, and easily maintainable framework adopted across the entire project.
●Effectively performed Back-End testing through SQL and the JDBC library.
●Developed automated test scripts using Java in conjunction with tools such as Selenium WebDriver and TestNG, enhancing testing coverage and efficiency.
●Managed code storage in Jira and leveraged Jenkins pipelines to execute Smoke Suites.
●Accurately established a robust automated API testing framework using Postman, reducing API defects by 50% and enhancing API reliability by 20%.
●Engaged in Grooming, Sprint Planning, Demos, Retrospectives, Daily Stand-Ups, and Defect Reviews, actively contributing suggestions and feedback when needed during the Sprint.

United Postal Services Atlanta / GA
QA Engineer May 2018 – May 2021
●Assessed and examined user stories and participated in daily scrum, sprint grooming, sprint planning, and sprint retrospective, and developed test scenarios, test cases, test data, and test reports.
●Created and implemented a Behavior-Driven Development Framework (BDD) using Java, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, JUnit, and Cucumber, designing step definitions and feature files with Gherkin language.
●Utilized Cucumber Framework (Selenium/JDBC/Restful/Apache POI, Cucumber library) for Data-Driven Testing and improved the test coverage.
●Conducted functional testing per user stories and performed integration testing and system testing using Selenium WebDriver automation scripts.
●Successfully managed and maintained Selenium and Java automation code and resources in source control systems like GIT for updates and new features, creating and improving test scripts using Selenium WebDriver to handle changes in objects in the GUI of the tested application.
●Performed API Testing using POSTMAN and REST Assured library, contributing to a generic automation framework developing web services and database layers using Java, Inheritance, JSON, and JDBC.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Methodologies: Agile (Scrum)
Languages: Java, SQL, Gherkin, JavaScript, JSON, XML, HTML
Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber
CMS: Salesforce
Frameworks: Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG, Page Object Model (POM), Behavior-Driven Development (BDD), Data-Driven Development (DDD), Test Driven Development (TDD)
Build Tool: Maven
API: RESTful API, Postman, REST Assured
Bug Defect Tool: Jira,Gitlab,Azure DevOps
Database: MySQL, JDBC
Deployment: Git, GitHub
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins
Contact this candidate