TONY SMITH SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER
Powder Springs, GA 30127 Cell: 404-***-**** E-mail: ad4pge@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
PROFILE
Software QA Engineer with hands-on experience, collaborating with software developers and product managers to prevent defects and reduce the level of risk of inadequate software quality. Performing functional, UI, end-to-end, smoke, regression and API testing on Mobile and Web platforms. Strong knowledge of SDLC testing methodologies, processes, and documentation. Disciplined and loyal individual with great attention to the details. US Citizen.

SKILLS

Platforms: macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS, Android
Browsers: Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge, Opera
Web testing: Chrome DevTools
Mobile testing: Android Studio, Xcode, ADB, UNIX, BrowserStack
Test management: Jira, TestRail
Database: MySQL
Testing types: Regression, Smoke, Functional, Exploratory, Blackbox, Sanity

WORK EXPERIENCE

SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER at CafeDaria (Powder Springs, GA) 02/2023 – present
●Employ rigorous testing methods for web and mobile applications, track issues with Jira, and execute test cases with TestRail.
●Proficient in black-box, functional, UI, smoke, and regression testing, and experienced in compatibility testing across multiple platforms and devices.
●Utilize Jira to track, report, and escalate issues, collaborating cross-functionally to quickly resolve defects and improve product reliability.
●Develop, maintain, and execute comprehensive test cases using TestRail, resulting in significant improvements in product quality and reduced time-to-market.
●Contribute actively to daily stand-ups and sprint planning, ensuring timely delivery of high-quality products that meet project milestones and deliverables.

Manual QA Tester Intern at Screenia (Powder Springs, GA) 11/2022 – 01/2023
●Developed and executed test cases and test suits in TestRail according to the requirements.
●Reported bugs and tracked reported issues in Jira until resolved.
●Performed cross-platform, functional, UI and regression testing for a mobile app.
●Used Charles Proxy to log the data traffic.
●Took part in daily stand-up meetings to discuss the findings and upcoming sprints.
●Advocated the customers in order to achieve the best possible user experience.
●Found a major privacy violation issue and escalated to the product team.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
Software Testing and Quality Assurance Training, Careerist.com
Bachelor of Science in Business Management at American Inter-Continental University, Atlanta, GA
Bachelor of Arts in Mass Media at Clark Atlanta University, Atlanta, GA
Contact this candidate