* ** **
ANTONIO L. SABALBERINO
QA/QC Manager, QC Engineer, Civil Engineer or Equivalent
Email address: ad4pxb@r.postjobfree.com, ad4pxb@r.postjobfree.com Mobile Number: 096******** or 095********
Viber Account: 096********
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering,
Divine World University,
Tacloban City, Philippines, 1987-1992
ELIGIBILITY
Passed the Board Exam for Junior
Geodetic Engineer
License No. 03288
SKILLS
MS Word and Excel,
Autocadd,
Project Costing and Estimate
(Qty.Surveyor), Project implementation,
Supervision and Monitoring,
Project Planning & Scheduling,
QA/QC works (Documentation,
Monitoring, Inspection, QC auditing
and Project Close-out), survey works
and other civil / plumbing related
works.
MEMBERSHIP
Philippine Institute of Civil Engineer
Member Saudi Arabia (Eastern
Province Region)
Saudi Council of Engineers – Member,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Personal Information
Nationality: Filipino
Date of Birth: August 15, 1968
Civil Status: Married
LANGUAGES
Arabic (basic – working level), English and Tagalog SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Working for more than 30 years of accumulated experience from local and international companies, 14 years & 8 months of it are international experience in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Have experience in vertical, horizontal construction such as villas, apartments building and high-rise buildings, mosques, warehouses, schools as well as underground facilities / infrastructure works, and in Oil & Gas construction (Industrial). For more than 3 decades in the construction industry, was goes on to Quality Department for 17 years and 6 months then the rest was on Construction department as site / project engineer. 2 of 11
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
I. Santa Clara International Corporation, Hi-way 54 Plaza, 986 Edsa, Mandaluyong City, Philippines QA/QC Head, May 18, 2023 – to Present
PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project #1: 11.3 MW Tumauini Hydro Electric Power Plant, Tumauini Isabela Position: QA/QC Head
Inclusive Dates: May 18, 2023 – to Present
Location: Antagan 1st, Tumauini, Isabela
Owner: Philnew Hydro Power Plant
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Report directly to QC Manager.
2. Ensure that Material sourcing had been done as SCIC Manual. 3. Ensure that all Material to be delivered on site are approved by the client. 4. Ensure that all Measuring and Testing Equipment used on site are calibrated from approved Testing / Calibration Laboratory.
5. Oversee that all activities on site / off site are properly inspected by designated QC Engineer or Inspector. 6. Oversee that all Drawing used on site are the latest revision isuued by the QC Document Controller. 7. Ensure timely clos-out of NCR, SOR and Audit Findings. 8. Ensure submittal QC reports as per client requirement. 9. Monitor Material testing conducted on site and off site. II.Gulf Asia Contracting Co. LLC, Al-Khobar, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia QC Inspector – Batch Plant, Sept. 7, 2022 – March 13, 2023 PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project #1: North Jeddah Bulk Plant (NJBP)
Position: QC Inspector – Batch Plant
Inclusive Dates: Sept. 7, 2022 – March 13, 2023
Location: North Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Owner: Saudi Aramco
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Report directly to QC Manager.
2. Ensure that all Concrete Mix Design are approved. 3. Ensure that Concrete supplier are approved by the client. 4. Ensure that all Asphalt Mix Design are approved. 5. Ensure that Asphalt supplier are approved by the client. 6. Conduct Batch Plant inspection as per requirement of the client. 7. Check and ensure that all concrete delivered on site are as per project requirement, fresh concrete inspection for ingredients as well as the concrete slump and temperature are properly checked prior to leave the Batching Plant
8. Check and ensure that all Hot Mixed Asphalt are as per project requirement, and temperature are properly checked prior to leave the Batch Plant.
9. Witness concrete compressive strength test at third party laboratory. 10. Conduct Batch Plant inspection as per SATIP requirement. 11. Coordinate regularly with the PID for their RFI signature. 12. Update RFI log-sheet as well as test report record. 3 of 11
13. Check and monitor calibration certificate of Laboratory and Batch Plant tools and equipments. III. Meralco Industrial Eng’g. Services Corp. (MIESCOR), Meralco Ave., Ortigas Center, Pasig City, Philippines
QAC Engineer – Civil Oct. 1, 2021 – July 28, 2022
PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project #1: Development of Real Substation
Position: QAC Engineer – Civil (Project Based Contract) Inclusive Dates: Oct. 1, 2021 – July 28, 2022
Location: PAN Phil – Highway, Real, Calamba City, Philippines Owner: MERALCO
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Report directly to QAC Lead.
2. Ensure that all materials installed on site are approved and inspected by client representative. 3. All activities must be properly documented through RFI’s and must be approved by client representative. 4. Monitor all testing conducted on site and on Third Party Laboratory. 5. Issued NCR and SSR if there is non-conformance on site. 6. Updates logsheet for RFI’s, NCR, SSR, Concrete monitoring, FDT and other documents that required by client. 7. Monitor the closeout of NCR’s.
8. Conduct internal Punch List in preparation for handing of project. IV. ZAID AL HUSSAIN BROTHERS GROUP, Riyadh City, K.S.A. QA/QC Manager, May 8, 2018 – May 7, 2020
PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project #1: Site Development of Regional Park – Phase II Position: QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: May 2018 to 19 June 2019
Location: Jubail, K.S.A
Owner: Royal Commission
Consultant: BECHTEL
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage to implement and rectify consultants comment in order to have Approve Project Quality Plan. 2. Preparing some documents in preparation for submittal 3. Reviewing approved drawing as well as Specification for familiarization of the Project requirement. 4. Ensure all QC Engineers and Inspectors that they are conducting their duly assigned responsibilities to avoid any violations from the client.
5. Manage the QC team to raise all the RFI’s on time and as per schedule mentioned in the request. 6. Ensure that all necessary QC documents are updated and in proper filing system. 7. Ensure that all test report to be on file and reported properly to the client. 8. Ensure that all materials delivered and to installed on site are approved by the client and inspected. 9. Ensure that all changes on site through approved TQ’s and FCD’s must be properly highlighted and updated in the IFC drawing.
10. Ensure that all QAN’s to be close in order to avoid escalating it to Non-conformance (NCR). 11. Ensure that all CAN’s, NCR must be closed within the given time for closeout. 12. Ensure that all QC Engineers with the cooperation of site engineers are monitoring and conducting the REAL CARD prior to start any new activity.
4 of 11
Project #2: King Abdullah International Gardens Project Position: Propose - QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: 20 June 2019 to 07 May 2020
Location: Riyadh, K.S.A
Owner: Riyadh Municipalities
Consultant: DAR
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage to implement and rectify consultants comment in order to have Approve Project Quality Plan. 2. Preparing some documents in preparation for submittal 3. Reviewing approved drawing as well as Specification for familiarization of the Project requirement. 4. Ensuring to implement the Project Quality Plan. 5. Managing the Quality Department for all the required task and responsibilities as per client requirement. 6. Ensuring that all non-conformance report (NCR) had been closed on time, and properly documented. V. AL- OBAYAN TRADING & CONTRACTING EST., Abquiq City, K.S.A. QA/QC Inspector, November 2016 – November 2017
PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project: Civil Works Related to Switchyard Modification at Hawiyah GOSP 2-3 Location: Hawiyah Gas Plant, Hawiyah, K.S.A
Owner: SAUDI ARAMCO
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Ensure to implement the Approved Project Quality Plan. 2. Ensure that all materials in the Batching Plant are tested regularly as per Aramco Standard. 3. Provide reports to QC Manager as well as to the PID Engineer of the client. 5. Ensure that all necessary QC documents are updated and in proper filing system. 6. Ensure that all RFI’s had been inspected and replied on time through QMIS. 7. Ensure that all LBE had been addressed and closed on time to avoid escalating it to NCR. 8. Ensure that all materials delivered and to installed on site are approved by the client. 9. Ensure that all material delivered on site must be inspected as per the material approval. 10. Ensure that all non-conformances on site must be issued with corresponding INCR (Internal NCR). VI. AZMEEL CONST. CORPORATION, Jubail Industrial City, K.S.A. QA/QC Manager, September 2005 - May 2016
PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project 1: Aramco Home Ownership Project, Phase I (Aramco Housing - Jubail) Position: QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: May 2015 to May 2016
Location: Mutrafiah Dist., Jubail Ind’l. City, K.S.A Owner: SAUDI ARAMCO
Consultant: AECOM
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage the implementation of approved QA/QC Program. 2. Ensure that all ITP’s and MS’s (Method Statement had been approved prior to start the work. 3. Checking Material Approval Request prepared by Material Engineer prior to submittal for client approval. 5 of 11
4. Ensure that all materials to be delivered and installed on site must be as per material approval. 5. Managing and monitoring the Technical Submittal tracking-sheet for materials and other technical Submittals and approval such as test report, drawings, technical queries 6. Give instruction to Document Controller regarding filing and documentation system required by Client. 7. Ensure that all activities on site had been inspected with the client or followed as per approved ITP. 8. Ensure that all Request for Inspection (RFI) had been submitted on time as per agreed by client on site to avoid any delay in inspection and preparation of documents. 9. Conduct QC Toolbox Meeting to Subcontractor and site engineers, supervisors and foremen prior to start any new activities on site, in order to have proper orientation. 10. Ensure to timely close any NCR’s / Site Instructions issued by client representative. Project 2: EPC of Jeddah Gate – E3
Position: QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: February 2014 to April 2015
Location: Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Owner: EMAAR
Consultant: H.A.K. Archt’l. & Eng’g. Consultants
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage the implementation of approved Project Quality Program. 2. Ensure that all ITP’s and MS’s (Method Statement had been approved prior to start the work. 2. Ensure that all materials delivered and installed on site must be as per approved material approval, through material submittal which was submitted to the client. 3. Ensuring that all activities on site shall have “Inspection Request” (IR) and inspected properly and follows as per approved IFC Drawing.
4. Give instruction to QA/QC engineers to have monitoring and surveillance of day to day activity on their respective field of discipline. 6. Coordinate with the client’s QC team, for some matters to be discuss, clarified or assistance.
5. Managing and monitoring the record of Technical Logsheet Status of Material, Vendor and drawing transmittal / approval as per client / consultant documentation procedure / system. 6. Issue Internal NCR to the Construction group who is violating or not following the approve Method Statement in performing certain activities.
7. Conduct External QC Audit for our suppliers and subcontractors as required by the client. 8. Maintaining the records for Technical submittal / approval and other QC documents for upcoming QC Audits. 9. Close out of Audit findings, NCR’s which was issued by the client while the project is on progress. 10. Manage to prepare Handover Dossiers, Operation Manuals and any other Project Close-out Documentation system required by client (EMAAR).
Project 3: EPC of Jalmudah Multistorey Family Apartments (Contract No. 10-1475-IF-069) Position: QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: February 2012 to February 2014
Location: Jalmudah District, Jubail, Indt’l. City, Jubail, K. S. A Owner: Maaden Infrastructure Company
Consultant: AECOM
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage the implementation of approved Project Quality Program. 2. Ensure that all materials delivered and installed on site must be as per approved material approval. 3. 3. Ensure that all ITP’s and MS’s (Method Statement had been approved prior to start the work. 4. Ensuring that all activities on site shall have RIN (Request Inspection Notice) and inspected properly and follows as per approved IFC Drawing.
5. Give instruction to QA/QC engineers to have monitoring and surveillance of day to day activity on their respective field of discipline.
6. Coordinate with the client’s QC team, for some matters to be discuss, clarified or assistance. 6 of 11
7. Preparing / Checking the material submittal and technical queries for Maaden approval. 8. Managing and monitoring the record of Technical Logsheet Status of Material, Vendor and drawing transmittal / approval.
9. Maintaining the records for Technical submittal / approval and other technical documents as per AECOM / Maaden documentation procedure.
10. Prepare Handover Dossiers, Operation and Maintenance Manual and any other Project Close out Documentation which was required by Marafiq, Royal Commission prior to final handing over. Project 4: P & C of Jubail Technical Institute (JTI), Phase-IV (Contract No. 028-C26) Position: QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: February 2011 to February 2012
Location: Jubail Tech’l. Institute, Jubail, K. S. A. Owner: Royal Commission for Jubail & Yanbu
Consultant: Bechtel
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage the QA/QC department in preparing the documents for general requirements of the project and to implement the Project Quality Plan.
2. Implement and check documentation system of all documents and drawings as per RC standard. 3. Ensure that Method Statement and ITP’s already approve prior to start the work. 4. Ensure that all inspection, testing and HPR’s done accordingly. 5. Manage the QC engineers in their respective field of discipline to monitor all the on-going activities, if it’s done as per approved drawing as well as the material.
6. Coordinate with the RC representative if in case some issues regarding the quality that needs to be settled out. 7. Reporting directly to the Project Manager if some matters to be discuss regarding quality. Project 5: Construction of MA’ADEN Ras Az-Zawr Village (Contract No. 08-1095-IF-029) Position: QA/QC Manager
Inclusive Dates: February 2009 to December 2010
Location: Ras Az-Zawr, Saudi Arabia
Owner: Maaden Infrastructure Company
Consultant: Worley Parsons
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Manage the QA/QC department in preparing the documents for general requirements of the project, and to implement the Project Quality Plan and Procedures. 2. Give instruction to QA/QC engineer to kept on monitoring and surveillance of day to day activity on their respective field of discipline.
3. Ensuring that all activities have their own respective RIN which is generating from all discipline, and to make sure that all materials installed in site are all approved, testing had been done as per IFC drawing or clients specification.
4. Coordinate with the clients QC team, for some matters to be discuss, clarified or assistance. 5. Report to the Project Manager for some matters to discuss or highlight regarding quality matters. 6. Preparing the material submittal and technical queries for Maaden approval. 7. Managing and monitoring the record of Technical Logsheet Status of Material, Vendor and Drawing transmittal / approval.
8. Maintaining the records for Technical submittal / approval and other technical documents as per Maaden documentation procedure. 9. Manage to close out all NCR’s and CAR’s issued by the client. Project 6: Construction of Royal Commission Housing Units, Phase-IV (Contract No. 815 – C03) Position: SR. QA/QC Engineer (Civil)
Inclusive Dates: May 2008 to January 2009
Location: Jalmudah Dist., JIC, Jubail-K.S.A.
7 of 11
Owner: Royal Commission for Jubail & Yanbu
Consultant: Bechtel
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Assist the QC Manager in preparing / gathering the documents for general requirements for the project. 2. Lead other QC engineers in implementing and following the approve QC manuals, as well as guiding them the proper way conducting the surveillance works on site. 3. Report to the Project Manager for some matters to discuss or highlight (in the absence of QCM). 4. Prepare the material submittal and technical queries for Royal Commission approval. 5. Check / monitor the quality of work, if it is done as per plan, specification and everything regarding QA/QC matters.
6. Prepare Hold Point Release for Pay item that need to be itemized. 7. Check and update the working As-built drawing as per Field Directives issued. 8. Maintain the records for Technical submittal, Technical Queries, Field Directives, Hold Points 9. Release and other document as per Royal Commission Documentation procedure. Project 7: P&C of Site Development and Housing for JIC & JTI (Phase-1) (Contract No. 098 – C23) Position: SR. QA/QC Engineer (Civil) Inclusive Dates: Sept. 2005 to April 2008 Location: Al Khaleej Rd., JIC, Jubail-K.S.A.
Owner: Royal Commission for Jubail & Yanbu
Consultant: Bechtel
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Assist the QC Manager to implement the QC Plan and Program. 2. Report to the Project Manager for some matters to discuss or highlight (in the absence of QCM). 3. Lead the other QC engineers in following and implementing QC Plan and Program. 4. Check / monitor the quality of work, if it is done as per plan, specification and everything regarding QA/QC matters.
5. Coordinate with the inspector (client's representative) for activities that needs inspection or testing. 6. Prepare Hold points, Inspection request, pouring request/card and other document needed as per Royal Commission requirements.
7. Prepare daily, weekly and monthly "QC report" in compliance with the client requirements. 8. Review NCR’s, inspection reports and any QC related task /framework of the project. VII. LINEAR CONST. CORPORATION, Quezon City, Philippines QA / QC ENGINEER (Civil), Project Engineer, November 1998 - June 15, 2005 PROJECT INVOLVEMENTS:
Project 1: Land Dev't. and Housing of “NHA-CALAUAN HOUSING PROJECT" Position: Project Engineer
Inclusive Dates: November 1998 to May 2000
Location: Brgy. Dayap, Calauan, Laguna
Owner: NATIONAL HOUSING AUTHORITY
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Give instruction to the foreman for the schedule of work for the day/week. 2. Evaluate/monitor the accomplishment and report it to the Project Manager. 3. Prepare schedule of work including manpower, equipment and materials. 4. Inform the Inspector for the activity that needs inspection or their presence before any work start. 5. Coordinate with the surveyor for the vertical and horizontal of underground facilities. 6. Monitor daily activity at site in order to achieve the target duration. 8 of 11
Project 2: Const. of School Building – Three (3) units, (3) storey w/ 8 classroom buildings Position: Project Engineer
Inclusive Dates: June 2000 to March 2001
Location: Brgy. Dayap, Calauan, Laguna
Owner: NATIONAL HOUSING AUTHORITY
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Supervise/check exact orientation of the building, earth works. 2. Prepare bar cutting list and give it to foreman for his reference. 3. Prepare material take off, manpower and equipment requirement. 4. Evaluate accomplishment of work and report to the manager. 5. Coordinate with the inspector regarding the testing of some activities. 6. Check and monitor day to day activity of the project. Project 3: Pipe laying of Water mainline –Contract # ATD 21, (200 - 600dia. Pipe) Position: Safety Engineer
Inclusive Dates: April2001 to October 2001
Location: Capitol Hills Drive & Alpha Drive, Quezon City Owner: MANILA WATER SERVICES, INC
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Prepare all the necessary permits as required from the Municipality and residents. 2. Conduct tool box meeting with all the personnel of the project. 3. Instruct to safety officer to timely check and monitor the proper use of safety gears of all personnel 4. Check and monitor safety signage @ every site area to be in correct position as per MWSI safety standard. 5. Maintain the "zero safety violation" for good reward on the program. Project 4: Land Development of Golden Hills Subdivision, Phase-2 Position: Project Engineer
Inclusive Dates: January 2002 to October 2002
Location: Brgy. Loma de Gato, Marilao, Bulacan
Owner: DOLMAR PROPERTY VENTURES, INC.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Coordinate with the surveyor regarding the boundaries, vertical and horizontal control. 2. Prepare schedule of work for manpower and equipments. 3. Explain/discuss with the foreman for the details of Earthwork (cut and fill) activity. 4. Coordinate with the inspector for the activities that need testing or inspection before commencement. 5. Evaluate accomplishment of the project and report it to the Project Manager. Project 5: Pipe Replacement @ Gen. Luna, Dimanlig & Bonifacio Sts., Antipolo City Position: QA / QC Engineer (Civil)
Inclusive Dates: December 2002 to June 2003
Location: Antipolo City
Owner: MANILA WATER SERVICES, INC.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Report and assist the QC Site Manager in implementing the QC Program as approved by Manila Water Services Inc.
2. Coordinate with the client Field Engineer for the inspection of work such as pipe installation, leak testing (by pressure test), service connection / tapping, backfilling and surface restoration. 3. Witness the compaction test for filling materials, sub-base and base coarse. 9 of 11
4. Check and monitor the temperature of asphalt primer and asphalt for restoration work. 5. Assist the QC Manager in conducting external audit with the asphalt supplier. 6. Check and monitor on site for the expiration of all the tools, equipment and measuring devices which need calibration as required in the contract.
Project 6: Construction of Lobby Canopy @ MIA Pre-Departure area Position: QA / QC Engineer (Civil)
Inclusive Dates: January 2004 to March 2004
Location: MIAA Terminal 2, Paranaque City
Owner: MANILA INT'L. AIRPORT AUTHORITY
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Report to QC Manager for some QC concern on site. 2. Prepare material submittal for clients approval. 3. Request Material Inspection from clients Material Engineer. 4. Request inspection for activities which need client inspection as per approve ITP. 5. Check quality of work especially welding, framing and painting works. 6. Ensure that the roofing materials (poly carbonate) should have same specs. as per plan. 7. Prepare final inspection for some areas which is already finish in order to open the area for public use. Project 7: Land / Site Development of Gran Seville Subdivision Position: QA / QC Engineer (Civil)
Inclusive Dates: March 2004 to June 2005
Location: Brgy. Banlic, Cabuyao, Laguna
Owner: STATELAND PROPERTIES, INC.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Report to the Project Manager and QC Manager regarding the schedule of inspection on site. 2. Assist the QC Manager in doing some QC works on documentation and inspection work on site. 3. Report to QC Manager for some Non-conformance work happened / observed on site. 4. Coordinates with the Site engineers regarding the inspection and on-going activities which is required by the client in weekly basis.
5. Prepare QC weekly inspection report of the Project. 6. Check material delivery as per material approval which was done by Material Engineer and approved by the client.
7. Conduct surveillance work for all on-going activities. 8. Checking the quality of works for road network, drainage system and lot grading. VIII. CONSTANT BUILDERS & DEV’T. CORP., Makati City, Philippines Project Engineer, July 1996– Sept 1998
PROJECT INVOLVEMENTS:
Project 1: Rehabilitation of Concrete Pavement @ Marcos Highway Position: Project Engineer
Inclusive Dates: July 1996 to March 1997
Location: Sitio Puting Bato, Antipolo City
Owner: Dept. of Public Works & Highways
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Monitor the stripping of existing asphalt & concrete pavement. 2. Coordinate with the surveyor for horizontal and vertical control of the Road. 10 of 11
3. Monitor the daily activity of personnel and equipments. 4. Prepare bar charts for the schedule of works.
5. Prepare request for inspection and testing from the owner's representative or inspector. 6. Check quality of work for concrete pavement, sidewalks, drainage as well as curbs and gutter. Project 2: Land Development and Housing Construction of Laguna Creek Subdivision Position: Project Engineer
Inclusive Dates: April 1997 to September 1998
Location: Majada-out, Calamba City
Owner: CONSTANT BUILDERS & DEV'T. CORP.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. Assist the Project Manager to supervise the daily activity of personnel and equipments.. 2. Coordinate with the surveyor regarding the vertical and horizontal control of the project. 3. Prepare weekly schedule of manpower, equipments and materials. 4. Evaluate accomplishment if its done as per schedule. 5. Check and monitor quality of work on road network, drainage system, lot grading. IX. STAFFLINK MANAGEMENT AND CONSULTANTS, INC., Makati City, Philippines Field Engineer, February 1993 – May 1996
PROJECT INVOLVEMENT:
Project 1: Housing Const. @ San Rafael Exec. Villa, Shapell Annex IV & Sunnydale Subdivision Position: Field Engineer
Inclusive Dates: February 1993 to May 1996
Location: Bacoor and Dasmarinas, Cavite
Owner: SHALIMAR BUILDERS & REALTY, INC.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
1. In- charge for lay –out of housing units.
2. Report to the Project Engineer for the schedule of work and disseminate it to foreman. 3. Monitor excavation or earthwork activity.
4. Assist in preparing bill of materials for takeoff. Seminars and Trainings
Computer-Aided Design & Drafting (CADD)
CaDVision Engineering Technologies
Manila
December 2001 – February 2002
Workshop on PRIMAVERA (P3 Course 601)
International Philippine School, Al-Khobar,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
27 February 2009 – 10 April 2009
ACI Concrete Const. Special Inspector Seminar
Bright Horizon
Al-Khobar, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Nov. - December 2012
QA/QC Quality Management Systems Training Course
Conducted by: Atef Abdelmoghny – Ph.D
11 of 11
Sponsored by: Azmeel Contracting Company
Karan Hotel, Al-Fanateer, Jubail Industrial City,
Kongdom of Saudi Arabia
February 1 – 6, 2014
QA/QC Internal Audit Course
Conducted by: Atef Abdelmoghny – Ph.D
Sponsored by: Azmeel Contracting Company
Karan Hotel, Al-Fanateer, Jubail Industrial City,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
December 21 – 25, 2014
Training Workshop on Primavera P6:
Computer-Aided Project Planning & Scheduling
Conducted by: PICE-EPSA
Al Andalus International School
Al Rakah, Al Jenobia, Al Khobar,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
November 13 – 27, 2015
Character Refferences
Hassan Hassanein Ali
VCOO for Construction, Azmeel Const. Corp. (Jubail, KSA)
+966*********
Mahmoud Hussain
Proj. Manager for Jubail Area, Azmeel Const. Corp. (Jubail, KSA)
+966*********
Sajid Barey
Project Manager, Ma’aden Infrastructure Co. (Jubail, KSA)
+966*********
Ibrahim Al Masdar
Contract Supervisor, Royal Commission (Jubail, KSA)
+966*********
Leonilo Padron
Civil Engr. / Surveyor – GCR Consortium, Clark Pampanga
+639*********
Contact this candidate