Resume
Gandhimathi Muthuselvam
Mobile: +1-919-***-****
ad4qma@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
Striving for excellence as a QA Automation Engineer Professional, I aim to solve business problems using the latest technology, leveraging my analytical abilities and testing skills to their maximum potential for both organizational and personal growth

Professional Summary
With over 8 years of experience in the IT industry, I am an Automation Engineer specializing in Software Quality Assurance, proficient in both manual and automated testing of Web-Based and client/server applications. Skilled in Manual testing and adept at Automated testing using Selenium WebDriver (Java), I have extensive experience in designing and implementing automation scripts, particularly with Selenium WebDriver and TestNG. My expertise spans various testing types, including Black Box Testing, GUI Testing, Data Driven Testing, Back End Testing, Integration, Regression, Sanity, and Functional testing. Additionally, I have hands-on experience integrating Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) into Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins for nightly batch runs. I am well-versed in working with both Waterfall and Agile (SCRUM) methodologies.

Technical Summary
Testing Tools (Automation)
Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, SOAP UI, Postman
Programming Languages
Core Java, SQL, Python
Web Services
SOAP, Rest
Database
SQL, MySQL, Oracle
Browsers
Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome
Tools
Git, SVN
Integrated Development Environment
Eclipse
Bug Tracking/Project Management Tools
Jira
SDLC
SDLC, STLC, Bug life Cycle
SDLC Methodologies
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
Documentation Tools
MS Office

Professional Experience
Working as a QA Automation Engineer in Ark Infotech LLC From Mar-2015 to till date.

Project Profile
Title 3P Order Orchestrator, Albertsons Companies, USA
Organization Ark Infotech LLC
Environment Selenium, Selenium Web Driver, Test NG, Cucumber, REST Assured,
MongoDB, Oracle, Jenkins, Maven, POSTMAN, SOAP UI, Git, Agile, Scrum
Duration Sep-2021 to till date.

3P Order Orchestrator is the suite of applications to orchestrate orders from marketplaces like Door Dash, Instacart, UberEATS and Grub Hub Etc. Customers order deli/food menu from marketplace, 3P Order Orchestrator receives the order and sends it to Store associates to accept/cancel the order. Once the store associate accepts the order, this application sends the order status to marketplace about the status of the order to notify customer and marketplace. Once the order is prepared, then the store associate updates the order status in UI then the 3P Order Orchestrator send push notification to driver/dasher to pick the order and to deliver it to the customer.

Responsibilities: As a QA Automation Engineer, I am responsible for:

Creating an automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using Cucumber (Gherkin Language, BDD (Behavior Driven Development)) and Page object (POM) driven approach.
Running Selenium automation scripts and updating the scripts according to enhanced requirements using selenium WebDriver.
Using Cucumber BDD framework in writing the automated test scripts.
Performing regression testing of application based on requirements in Selenium using TestNG.
Developing MongoDB and SQL Queries for testing various database validations.
Using POSTMAN for manual API testing and REST Assured library for automation.
Performing functional testing of Web Services using POSTMAN Tool.
Performing Web Service API testing using SOAPUI
Performing backend/database testing to ensure data validity by running SQL queries.
Using Maven build tool to perform build and maven dependencies.
Developing automation framework to test SOAP based Web Services using TestNG.
Creating whole test framework using Selenium WebDriver for further test creation and execution.
Maintaining and executing Maven build files for running automated tests.
Participating in daily meetings and weekly meetings for reviewing progress and addressing issues and concerns.
Executing automated Test Scripts through Maven and used maven for building WebDriver project.
Using GIT as version control tool/
Creating and reviewing test cases to maximize the potential for automation Test execution.
Creating RTM Matrix, ensured the Test Planning, Testing Strategy, Test cases, Flows are capturing and covering all the Functional/Non-Functional requirements.

Title Health Rules Connector/ Health Edge, USA
Organization Ark Infotech LLC
Environment Selenium, Selenium Web Driver, Test NG, Cucumber, SQL, Jenkins,
Maven, POSTMAN, SOAP UI, Git, Agile, Scrum
Duration Sep-2019 to Dec-2020.

Health Rules Connector is an enterprise integration layer that provides real time and batch process to all Health Rules data and functionality. This application allows Health Rules to easily integrate with a wide variety of other systems, partners and exchanges. The healthcare provider submits the claims documents to exchanges to receive funds from Insurance companies. Health rules connector deployed in Insurance companies to receive the claims documents from exchanges and automatically approve and settle the claims. This application integration with networks and exchanges, via real-time web services, sends and receives EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) files and performs batch jobs to automate the claims settlements.

Responsibilities: As a QA Automation Engineer, I am responsible for:

Developed and Maintained automated Regression Test Cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java Programming Language.
Used Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) to connect to database source and utilized SQL for verification of data and validation from the MySQL Database.
Executed Selenium GUI Object/element verification through different Locators (XPath, CSS, id, Link text).
Created Postman Collection for API Test Execution for Validating Request and Response.
Performed Web Services API Automation testing and verified various request/response using Soap UI and POSTMAN and Rest Assured Library.
Implemented Page Object Model Design Pattern with Java, Selenium Web Driver
Implemented Selenium test script in the POM automation framework.
Conducted Smoke, Functional, Regression, Integration, User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Data validation testing.
Identified test cases to automate and automated them using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Implemented JIRA as a project tracking tool/Defect tracking/Test case Management tool.
Created RTM Matrix, ensured the Test Planning, Testing Strategy, Test cases, Flows are capturing and covering all the Functional/Non-Functional requirements.
Developed Selenium scripts in TestNG for parameterization Developed data driven test scripts to check the same functionality with multiple sets of data.
Implemented Jenkins tool for continuous integration of the builds.
Developed Selenium scripts in TestNG for parameterization Developed data driven test scripts to check the same functionality with multiple sets of data.
Used GIT as version control tool/
Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and sanity testing of various releases.

Title Cards and Utility Processor / PNC Bank, USA
Organization Ark Infotech LLC
Environment Selenium, Selenium Web Driver, Jira, SQL, MS Office, Agile, Scrum,
Quality Center
Duration Mar-2015 to Aug-2019.

Cards and Utility Processor is a credit card processing product for managing different types of credit cards products. This application provides credit card, prepaid card and multi-currency Prepaid card services through RESTAPI Endpoints. It also has web applications to offer online services to card holders and banks backend employees to maintain and to manage credit card transactions.

Responsibilities: As a QA Automation Engineer, I am responsible for:

Developed automation scripts for automating Functional and Regression testing using Selenium WebDriver
Automated test cases for UI Testing using Selenium.
Used Eclipse to have integrated development environment
Automated all Test cases using selenium Web driver
Developed Test cases from business use cases, test data and Selenium scripts for UI testing.
Performed Back-end testing with extensive use of SQL Queries.
Reviewed database test cases according to assigned requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from SQL Server.
Sent daily/weekly status report and involved in review test document.
Analyzed testing results, identified issues and reported to the developers and project managed through JIRA.
Developed test scripts for Manual test cases using JIRA
Created RTM Matrix, ensured the Test Planning, Testing Strategy, Test cases, Flows are capturing and covering all the Functional/Non-Functional requirements.
Performed bug tracking and work progress in Jira.
Participate in all Scrum calls, Sprint Planning Reviews, Daily stand up meeting and Retrospective meetings.
Executed Test cases and participated actively in system testing and regression testing for the Web Based application as well as the Windows based application.
Used GIT as version control tool/
Analyzed business requirements, business rules, created test plan and test cases for projects.
Reviewed and updated Requirements Traceability Matrices (RTM) that satisfy all required project's test conditions.

Education: Master of Science (Physics) - 1999 Madurai Kamaraj University, India
Bachelor of Science (Physics) - 1997 Madurai Kamaraj University, India
Communication Address: Ellicott City, MD.
Contact this candidate