JERAMIE B. BIÑAS
QA ANALYST
Contact About Me
Experience
Internships
Expertise
Reference
Phone
Email
Address
+639**-***-****
Test Engineer for almost 10 years of experience in manual and agile testing environments. Strong collaboration with the team and developers to deliver project milestones. Good history of discovering and resolving defects. Ensures to deliver tasks in a stipulated time with quality and an expedited manner.
Support the team for every sprint in test planning. Defect logging with proper documentation on how to replicate the issue. Work strongly with developers to track and resolve testing impediments. Lead the team in QA Testing.
Production Support.
Mentor and guiding loaned QA Testers in the team.
Update planning and execution through JIRA.
Managed Team shared folders and test evidence.
Data mining thru Snowflakes and SQL.
QA Engineer
Associated Broadcasting Company TV5 Philippines Novaliches, Quezon City April 2012 – May 2012
Yondu Inc. June 2021 – Present
Engr. Ryan C. Revilla
Accenture, Inc. January 2014 – August 2020
QA Analyst
Maynilad Water Services, Inc., NRW Engineer
QA Engineer
Agile Testing Expertise
Waterfall Testing Expertise
Test Planning
Test Script Creation
Test Execution
Regression Testing
Defect Logging
Functional Testing
MySQL Data Mining
HP Application Lifecycle Management
Team-oriented
JIRA
Snowflakes
Postman
ad4ry7@r.postjobfree.com
Batasan, Inaon, Pulilan, Bulacan
Phone
+63-917-***-****
Support the team for every sprint in test planning. 1 – 2 weeks sprint agile testing exposure.
Conducting 15 minutes daily stand-up meeting to keep the team on track. Created test cases and conducting peer reviews for new business requirements. Updating continuously testing documentation.
Data mining thru SQL queries.
Worked systematically with off-shore and on-shore team members to coordinate our testing.
Defect logging with proper documentation on how to replicate the issue. Work strongly with developers to track and resolve testing impediments. Support on-shore UAT tester in data mining.
Provide feedbacks once the sprint is done thru review retrospectives. Provide FAQs documentation for the testing environment Mentor new software testers in different testing procedures and company policies to maximize their performance.
Education
2008-2013 Bachelor of Science Major in Electronics Engineering Bulacan State University
Contact this candidate