Ramanuja Kuppili(Padmaja)
QA Engineer

Cell: 949-***-**** Email: ad4s84@r.postjobfree.com

Summary:
Over 6+ years of experience in Software Quality testing which includes Manual and Automation testing, Functional, Integration/System, Regression, Performance and User Acceptance, API, ETL testing of Client/Server and Web Based and Mobile applications.
Work Authorization: US Citizen

Specific testing expertise includes:
Extensive experience with Software Quality Assurance Testing on GUI based Client-Server & Web Based applications using Manual and Automation testing procedures.
Performed Cross-platform, Functional, Regression testing.
Tested mobile web applications and responsive websites using operating system platforms and device types.
Involved in various stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experience in Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Black Box Testing, System Testing, Browser Compatibility Testing, User Acceptance Testing and Installation.
Excellent Knowledge of Agile (Scrum) and Waterfall Testing Methodologies.
Strong experience in documentation of detailed test plan, test scenarios, test cases, test suites etc.
Solid Backend Testing experience involving writing and executing SQL Queries.
Extensive experience in writing SQL and PL/SQL scripts to validate the database systems and for backend database testing.
Experience in REST API Testing, BDD (Behavior Driven Development), XML, Postman, Unix Servers
Automation of testcases using Selenium Web driver, TestNG, Page object Model (POM)
Developed Automated testcases in Cucumber frame work with Gherkin Language
Configured Selenium Grid to execute the scripts in cross browsers
Experience in using defect tracking tools for bug reporting and status reporting.
Very strong analytical and presentation skills, quick learner, problem-solving techniques, proven leadership qualities with emphasis on individual and team effort backed by excellent communication skills.

Technical Skills
Operating System
Windows, Mac OS, Unix
Mobile Platforms
Android, IOS
Tools
SOAP UI, Postman, Azure Dev Ops, Git Hub, Bit Bucket JIRA, Zephyr, Quality Center (ALM), Confluence, Test Link, Android Studio, Java JDK, Node.js, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Jenkins
Test Automation
Selenium Web driver, Cucumber
Methodologies
Agile, SDLC, Waterfall
Technologies
TSL, HTML, XML, CSS, Java, Python
Databases
Oracle, SQL Server, MS-Access, My SQL, D Beaver, Mongo DB
Others
Toad, Share Point, Microsoft Teams, Slack

Professional Experience
Duration : Apr’20-Feb’23
Environment : Java, Selenium, Gradle, IntelliJ, GIT Hub, CI/CD Pipelines, Mobile, SQL Server, Jira, ADO, Jenkins
Role : QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
Performed meetings with business analysts and end clients to review functional technical requirements and translated business requirements into quality assurance testcases.
Attended daily scrum meetings with the team lead and developers and executed daily tasks based on Agile methodology.
Assisted in writing test strategy to perform exploratory, functional, integration, regression and Mobil testing
Performed RESTful API webservices testing using Postman
Understanding of log analysis and the ability to troubleshoot issues by reviewing log files.
Exposure to IntelliJ /Git hub /Jenkins/CI/CD pipeline process.
Imported API collections and created API testing test cases and executed them.
Automated regression and functional test suits by developing multiple test cases and test suits using selenium web driver with Java script.
Participated in BDD (Behavior driven development) approach using selenium, Gherkin, cucumber.
Extensively used project management tool like JIRA and ADO
Wrote several complex SQL queries for the data verification and data quality check.:

Client : INFOR, Lake Forest, CA
Duration : Occt’18-March’20
Module : Pegasus and Expedia interfaces
Environment : Linux, Tomcat, Apache, VB.Net, QC, MySQL
Role : QA Engineer

Pegasus is an interface which converts proprietary messages into a generic format. The Expedia Quick Connect solution (EQC) is an interface that allows hotel properties to communicate changes in rates and availability automatically to Expedia, hotels.com and affiliate websites.
Responsibilities:
Analyze the Business requirements and work with the Business Analysts from offshore
Upon the approval of the use cases, work on developing test cases for the functionality
Report and track the defects till closure using Quality Center
Perform database testing for the integration between the interfaces.
Installation of subway in Linux and windows machines, document the installation for support and Production.
Execute the test cases and document all the test results,
Tested Booking XML files, rates and availability migration among various interfaces by using SOAP UI.
Perform the daily build and deployments.
Performed regression testing on these modules.
Performed backend/sql test for Insert, Update and Functions.

Client : Soft Brands, Lake Forest, CA
Duration : Feb’16 - Mar’18
Module : Corporate Account Receivable Systems
Environment : Windows, Tomcat, Apache, VB.Net, WebLogic, SQL Server, Quality Center
Role : QA Analyst

CARS is an account receivable system which is being used by the hospitality industry. The client (Red Roof Inn) provides the requirements, and the development team works on the developing the systems. For this the team performs functionality testing and the load testing.

Responsibilities:
Upon the approval of the Use cases, work on developing test cases for the functionality.
Report and track the defects till closure using Quality Center.
Tested Lockbox and Fidelio file process of client, worked on data conversion.
Performed the daily and tagged builds, helped and supported the UAT.
Help in getting a final approval of the quality of the code by the QA Manager.
Performed integration testing with CORE, CRS module.
Worked with offshore team.
Performed Backend testing by writing sql statements and joins.
Research and evaluate alternative approaches and recommend efficient and cost-effective solutions.

Education
Masters Degree in Mathématics, Osmania University, Hyderabad, India.
Diplôma in Computers Science, Hyderabad, India.
Database management Programming, IVC, California
Automation certification, TestPro, California
Contact this candidate