Tatiana Soloveva
(No Sponsorship Required, Granted Asylum)
Chantilly, VA 20151
571-***-****
ad4tyy@r.postjobfree.com
https://github.com/tatiana-softwaretester
EXPERIENCE
Essence Labs, Lewes, DE — QA Engineer
June 2023 – PRESENT
Software Testing of web based and mobile applications (manual testing and automation testing).
● Writing and implementing Test Cases, Test Scenarios and Test Scripts using Zephyr Scale.
● Creation and updating test documentation.
● Review and analyze requirements, specifications, and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.
● Using Figma to review app design and user flow.
● Performing testing of hybrid (Flutter) mobile applications on iOS and Android.
● Performing API testing using Postman.
● Performing Functional, GUI testing, Exploratory testing, Smoke Testing, Regression Testing and End-to-End testing.
● Creating Bug Reports using Jira and creating Test Reports using Zephyr Scale.
Hyperion Tech Solutions, Arlington, VA — QA Engineer August 2021 – May 2023
Software Testing of multiple web based and mobile applications (manual testing and automation testing).
● Tested products through all stages of development and administration by verifying that user requirements are being met and products are in compliance with the quality process.
● Wrote test plans, test scenarios and test cases as required using Zephyr Scale, MS Excel and Confluence.
● Created automation test scripts using Python, Selenium WebDriver and PyTest.
● Identifying, analyzing, and documenting defects/bugs utilizing JIRA as defect tracking tool.
● Using SQL queries to perform data validation and backend testing of MySQL database.
● Conducted extensive REST API testing for web services using Postman and Requests (Python).
● Used Jenkins to execute Smoke Testing and Regression Testing Suites.
● Tested applications compatibility on different platforms SKILLS
● Selenium WebDriver, PyTest,
Allure
● Postman, JSON, Requests
● DBeaver, MySQL
● Jira, Zephyr Scale
● AWS, BrowserStack
● PyCharm, Cypress, Sublime
Text
● Jenkins
● Git, GitHub, Slack, Salesforce
● MS Windows, mac OS, iOS,
Android
● Confluence, MS Office, Google
Docs
● Firefox, Google Chrome,
Internet Explorer, Safari
● Agile/SCRUM, Kanban
● AutoCAD, Archicad,
3ds Max
LANGUAGES
● Python, JavaScript, SQL, CSS,
HTML
(Windows, Mac OS), browser versions (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari and Chrome) and Mobile Devices (Android, iOS) manually and by using BrowserStack.
● Interacted with developers and business analysts on a daily basis regarding bug reviews.
● Participated In daily SCRUM meetings and assisting in Sprint Retrospective meetings after each sprint.
● Effectively communicated project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.
● Was responsible for test productivity metrics and test reports. Metrological Center, Moscow, Russia — Jr. QA Analyst January 2014 - July 2021
● Performed testing of various electronic devices.
● Writing reports on the results of the testing.
● Distribution of devices after testing to the customer or for repair. EDUCATION
● Moscow State University of Civil Engineer, Moscow, Russia — Bachelor’s of Science in Civil Engineering
● Novocherkassk Agricultural College, Novocherkassk, Russia — Engineer Technician
● Interregional Institute of Education Development, Rostov-on-Don, Russia — Bachelor’s of Science in
Software Engineering
● IT Simple Center, McLean, VA - Automation Software Testing with Python
Contact this candidate