Harini Kundoor
Email: ad4ulv@r.postjobfree.com
Location: Overland Park, Kansas Contact # 361-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Senior QA Engineer with 8 years of experience in Manual and Automation testing. Experienced in all phases of Software Testing life cycle (STLC), developing Test Plan, deriving Test Scenarios, Test Cases and developing Automation test scripts using Selenium.
Experience working in domains including Retail, Healthcare, Insurance and Telecom domains.
Expertise in entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Test Development Life Cycle (TDLC) in Agile and Waterfall environments.
Strong knowledge in implementing Waterfall and Agile (Sprint/Scrum) methodology by analyzing requirement specifications and responsible for developing Test Objective, Scope, Test Procedures and Test Metrics.
Experience in performing Smoke, Functional, Integration, System, Regression, Re-testing, Positive, Negative, GUI testing, Database testing, ADHOC, Exploratory and User Acceptance testing (UAT).
Experience in developing scripts for Automation using Selenium Web Driver, Selenium IDE, Selenium Grid, Test NG, POM framework.
Experience writing programming scripts for Automation testing using Java, C#.
Experience with Cross-Browser and Compatibility testing to test whether the applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
Experience in locating various GUI elements using ID, Name, Class Name, XPath, CSS, Link Text, Partial Link Text to create scripts for automation.
Experience in using build management tools Maven and ANT to manage dependencies and configuration Management tools GIT and used Stash as repository.
Experience in API Testing/Web Services testing using SoapUI, Ready API and Postman tools. Validated request and response XML, JSON files for SOAP and RESTFUL Web Service calls.
Experience working on different HTTP methods including GET, POST, PUT and DELETE operations for Creating, Updating, Deleting and to Get the details.
Validated different status codes from service response as part of API Testing.
Performed Positive and Negative Testing using API’s and Validated Request/Response JSON files and compared with Data base results and also checked Response time.
Experience working on Mobile Application Testing and developed Test Plans and executed Mobile Test Cases.
Developed test scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios and features for BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Experience writing SQL Queries using SQL Server, Oracle Server and SQL Developer for data validation.
Experience using Test Management tools VSTS, Azure DevOps, Microsoft TFS, Microsoft Test Management tool (MTM), ALM, Test Rail, Octane, JIRA as Test Management, Defect Tracking and Reporting tools.
Experience and knowledge in Microsoft Azure tools such as Azure DevOps.
Strong knowledge in continuous integration (CI/CD) tools like Jenkins and good experience using Sauce Labs.
Quick in becoming skilled in new areas of knowledge and good in decision making to complete the task successfully with no rollovers.
Good Interaction and communication with Project Managers/Product Owners, Business Analysts, Test Architects, Developers and other QA Team members.

Software Certifications:
OS Requirement Analysis and Management Summary, Agile Traditional (vs) Agile Project Management, Test Driven Development Introduction and Red-Green Refractor, Requirement Elicitation Techniques, TDD Dependency Injection, TDD Database and Web Pages, Requirements Management, Requirements Documentation.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Methodology
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, SDLC, STLC, Bug Life Cycle
Artifacts
Test Plan, Test Case, Test Scripts, RTM, Test Summary Report, Bug Report
Automation Tools
Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid, Sauce Labs, TestNG, Log4j, JMeter, Cypress, SoapUI, Ready API, Postman, Rest let Client, Talend API
Project Management Tools
HP Quality Center, ALM (Application Life Cycle Management), JIRA, Rally, Version One, MTM (Microsoft Test Manager), VSTS/TFS, Test Harness, Test Rail, Octane
Test Build and Integration Tools
Maven, Ant, Jenkins, SVN, GitHub.
Frameworks
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model, BDD, Cucumber.
Programming Languages
C, C++, Java, C#, Python, HTML, XML
Database/Database Tools
SQL Server, Oracle Server, MySQL, SQL Developer
Packages
Eclipse, Intellij, .Net framework, Visual Studio, Microsoft 365 Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, OneDrive, Outlook
Operating Systems
Windows, MAC

Education:
Bachelor’s in Engineering, CBIT, Hyderabad (2009-13)
Master’s in Engineering, Texas A & M University, Kingsville (2015-16)

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Client: Charter Communications / Spectrum June 23- Jan 24
Job Title: Senior QA Engineer
Location: St Louis, Missouri

Responsibilities:
Participating in Sprint meetings including Planning, Grooming, Scenario Review calls with Architects, Test Case Review calls, Project Hand-Off calls, Review, Retrospective and Bug Triage meetings.
Experience writing, reviewing and executing Test Cases, writing SQL queries to fetch the data from data base and validating results.
Identifying Test Scenarios and Test cases analyzing and understanding the requirements.
Communicating with Business Analysts for any questions related to functionality or User stories.
Preparing Test Cases and Test Data ready before the code deployment to QA environment.
Creating Test Plan documents, adding new release related test cases and also Regression test cases and executing test cases from Test Plan and preparing Report summary.
Performing Test Case execution after code deployments and make sure working as per user stories and raising defects if there exists any issues.
Validating Defects and performing Re-testing for test cases failed in previous execution.
Providing Sign-off to user stories once validation is completed.
Providing Live Presentation on the projects every Release to the Team members and do Hand-Off calls.
Performing API testing using Postman for different projects and validating request and response JSON and comparing the data with Database.
Coordinating with multiple teams including SPS for Payment related issues, Amdocs (CRM) for Billing related and SM2 tickets, Agent OS, NBOP, RSSX during testing.
Hands on experience working on D2C portals i.e., Spectrum Mobile APP(MSA APP) and Spectrum.net applications.
Environment:: Test Rail, Octane, Jira, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Junit, CI/CD tools, Jenkins, GIT, Postman, Splunk, Amdocs(CRM), NBOP, RSSX, Oracle Server

Aug 17- May 23
Client: UPMC Health Plan
Job Title: QA Automation Engineer
Location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Responsibilities:
Participated in all Sprint meetings including Planning, Grooming, Review, Retrospective, Demo, Backlog Grooming, Test Case Review and Daily Scrum meetings.
Developed scripts for Smoke and Regression testing for Web services and Web Application testing for .Net application and including tools Selenium.
Performed functional testing for the front-end application using Selenium WebDriver.
Performed Web Service testing using different API calls including GET, POST, PUT, DELETE operations for retrieving, inserting, updating and archiving the data.
Worked on SoapUI tool for Web Service testing/API testing also used POSTMAN and RESTLET Client.
Performed TDD (Test Driven Development) to write clean code that works.
Assessed and Analyzed User stories and automated testing situations using various tools.
Mapped test plans to User Story requirements.
Created Smoke tests to ascertain that the crucial functions of the application works after each build deployments and also implementing Regression tests to detect bugs after enhancements and configuration settings of the application.
Worked with various types of testing includes Smoke testing, functional testing, Re-testing, Regression testing, and Web Service Automation testing.
Worked with Regression testing for each and every sprint release, analyzing the failed tests and fixing the failures based on the issue (CM/ DB / Service/UI), filing bugs and validating defects.
Performed Functional testing as per user stories from VSTS and also performing Integration testing and System testing.
Wrote automated Data driven test scripts using Selenium WebDriver to carry out functional, data driven, Integration, Smoke and Regression testing.
Worked with different applications for testing the services manually including DHC for Monolith services and Swagger for Microservice API calls
Developed test scripts both for smoke as well as for Regression tests following the sprints for multiple projects.
Conducting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to ensure that the developed systems satisfy the needs of Business clients as specified in functional requirements.
Designed, developed and implemented User Acceptance Test Cases and Test Plans.
Participated in Planning and execution of QA/UAT Testing, retested UAT defects and updated comments in JIRA.
Maintained Regression test scripts for each build including Lab and QA.
Developed and executed SQL queries to fetch the data for verification and validation and performed database testing.

Client: JCPenney, Plano, Texas Oct 2016-July 2017
Job Title: QA Automation Engineer
Projects: CAM/Loyalty/Browse

Responsibilities:

Involving in the System analysis of business requirements, test planning, Analyzing the User stories, Test case development and test execution.
Assessed and Analyzed User stories and participated in Sprint planning, Spring grooming, Scenario Review sessions, Defect Triage Meetings, Sprint Retrospective Meetings & Scrum Meetings, and developed Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Scripts, and Test Reports.
Reviewed product requirements, functional and design specifications to determine and prepare automated test cases.
Used Azure DevOps to log bucks and track tasks.
Good knowledge and proper understanding of Azure Data Factory such as mapping data flows, Pipelines.
Designed and Developed test automation Artifacts(scripts, functions, scenarios, processes) for simple to complex scenarios and automated testing situations using various tools like Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNg, QAF, and analyzed Test Results.
Participated in peer review with team and developers to review test cases/test scripts.
Created Smoke Tests to ascertain that the crucial functions of the application work after every build deployments and also implemented Regression tests to detect bugs after enhancements and configuration settings of the application.
Performed Functional testing as per user stories from Jira and also performed Integration testing and System testing.
Performed BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions and managed the framework dependency jars using Ant.
Maintained the Selenium & Java Automation code and resources in source control like GitHub, Jenkins for continuous integration using Selenium Grid and Sauce Labs and ALM and Jira to log and track the defect raised.
Executed Regression scripts on both production and test environments, analyzed the failures and raised defects accordingly.
Verified Integration of various components in the application and executed end-to-end testing.
Responsible for Writing SQL Queries for testing purpose.
Coordinated Offshore and Onsite modal and took on leadership responsibilities, influence the direction of the automation effort, and its schedule and prioritization.
Prepared Daily and Weekly status reports to keep track of the progress.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, ALM, Jira, Git, Stash, Jenkins, ANT, TestNG, Java, QAF framework, Cucumber(BDD), Gherkin, Microsoft Office, HTML, CSS, Oracle DB, Sauce Labs, Mobile, Tablet, Desktop Testing, Yoda RWD(Responsive Web Design), Agile, API Testing, SoapUI, Ready API, Postman.

FTD, Hyderabad, India May 2013-Nov 2014
Job Title: QA Analyst

Responsibilities:
Reviewed requirements documented by Business Analyst for thorough understanding of the application.
Involvement in System test plan preparation and Requirements Streamlining.
Involvement in preparation of Test Procedures, Test Scenarios, Cases and Test Data.
Actively participated in Business calls and code reviews.
Responsible for GUI and Functional testing using Black Box testing techniques.
Developed Automation test scripts defining scenarios and procedures to test the application using Selenium Web Driver and BDD framework.
Created Automation test scripts using element locators and Selenium Web Driver methods.
Followed version control standards using GIT.
Enhanced Test cases using Java programming features and TestNG Annotations.
Worked on Data driven testing, Cross browser testing and parallel test execution.
Involved in all phases of product development.
Performed Load, Performance testing using JMeter.
Written SQL Queries to do the query about the product details.
Generated test reports, defect reports in Quality Center.
Involved in user acceptance testing by providing test data for users.
Performed Regression testing for different applications in latest builds.
Prepared Functional test plan and designed the test cases based on requirements.
Provided the support for Production deployment of every release.
Contact this candidate