Gowri Patibandla
703-***-****
ad4vy3@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/gowri-patibandla-a4961121

Summary:
I have 16 years of experience in Information Technology as QA Engineer
Experience in Preparing Test Plan, Test cases and Test cases execution for Web based and Client/Server applications.
Experience in System testing, Regression and User Acceptance Testing
Experience in use of software testing tools Jira, Bugzilla, ALM
Good experience in HealthCare on CCA/QNXT, Claims, Files validation
Good experience in Health Insurance on Medicare line of business, IVR testing
Experience in end-to-end testing of Retail systems, Telecom VOIP, Mobile/Wireless Applications
Expertise in Manual Testing/mobile application testing using simulators and emulators and also with real time devices.
Experience in performing Backend testing by creating/executing SQL Queries for Data Validation.
Experience with Agile and Waterfall Methodologies
Widespread experience in Maintaining Test Matrix, Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), Application deployment, Defect reporting, Replication of problems & Generation of bug report throughout the entire Defect Life Cycle.
knowledge on Windows Server, Active Directory, IIS, LDAP, web services xml, SOAPUI and Microsoft Exchange Server
Adaptable to work both as a team member as well as independently. Ability to proactively comprehend problems and resolve them with minimal supervision.

Technical Skills:

Testing Tools

Jira, ALM, SOAPUI, UFT/QTP, SharePoint
Programming Languages
C, C++, Java, VB, .NET, SQL, PL/SQL, XML

RDBMS & Databases
Oracle, SQL Server, Sybase, Informix, MS Access
Packages
Toad, DB Visualizer, Ms Visio, Visual Studio, MS Office
Release management Tools
CVS, MS Visual Source Safe, Clear Case
OS
Windows, UNIX, Susie Linux, Sun Solaris

EDUCATION:

Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science from Nagarjuna University

Professional Experience:

Senior QA Analyst
Gainwell Technologies, Irving, TX
December 2022 –December 2023

Pharmacy Medicaid Management Solutions project is to support Gainwells core Business/legacy system Rxweb Application to provide more efficient flexible tools and provide even greater administrative efficiencies to its members and providers, claims and Finance. Gainwell configures Rxweb Application to represent different LOB’s or programs.

Responsibilities:

Understanding Requirements in User Stories and Prepared test cases
Conduct peer reviews on Test cases, Writing Test cases.
Tested Claims Processing, Member, Provider Enrollment and Claims modules in RxWeb Application
Tested CR’s for new enhancements understanding requirements.
Maintaining test scripts, test execution in Azure DevOps tool
Participated in Team meetings, Daily Scrum Calls.
Communicate with project manager(s) for assigned project on testing status, issues, risks, etc.

Environment: .Net, Windows, Chrome, Oracle, Java, Azure DevOps

Test Lead
Kaiser Permanente, Burbank, CA
August 2017 – October 2022

KPIF Systems (Kaiser Permanente Individual and Family Plans) off Exchange project is to support the Individual and Family Line of Business using KPIF Sales and Renewal systems. KPIF Sales tools support new sales and Renewals for the KPIF line of Business. The sales tools consist of the Decision Support Tool (DST), Sign me Up (SMU), and Application Management tool (AMT), Apple Cloud. These tools require periodic content Updates, legal or regulatory Compliance changes and Operational enhancements in order to continue selling KPIF plans in the off-exchange channel.

Responsibilities:

Developed the Test Plans, Test Scenarios and Test Cases using Software specifications document.
Attended requirement review meetings. Analyzed user requirements and provided feedback to the Business Analysts
Conduct the peer review meetings for Test plan and Test Approvals.
Involved in walkthroughs, reviews and defect status call.
Conduct peer reviews on Test cases, Writing Test cases.
Worked on KPIF sales tools Decision Support Tool (DST), Sign me Up (SMU), and Application Management tool (AMT) to support new sales and Renewals for the KPIF line of Business.

Worked on Apple CLOUD online web tool used by the consumers/users to submit applications online to purchase Kaiser Individual and Family Health Insurance. This online tool provides the consumers with variety of KP health plans (Medical and dental) that are available for the current year (OE period/SEP) to generate and submit application on the consumers behalf and provides support in account and case management

Validated ACA Renewal KPIF Extract files

Tested CR’s for maintenance and enhancement of KPIF Sales tools to support KPIF line of Business and to ensure User Acceptance Testing is completed.

Participated in Team meetings, Daily Status Calls.

Effectively train, motivate and mentor QA team and knowledge transfer to new members

Communicate with project manager(s) for assigned project on testing status, issues, risks, etc.

Environment: .Net, Windows, Internet Explorer, Oracle, Java, HP ALM, Jira, Rational

QA Analyst
LA CARE HEALTH PLAN, DOWNTOWN, LA
Mar ’2016 – July’ 2017

CSP Plus project is LA Care to replace its core Business system/legacy system with Trizetto QNXT to provide more efficient flexible tools and provide even greater administrative efficiencies to its members and providers. LA Care configures QNXT to represent different LOB’s or programs. CSP/QNXT project is Medical Integration testing scope of Provider module, member module, CCA module, Claims and Finance module. Validation of member, provider and claims module on enrollment/eligibility, provider files, claims processing in CCA or QNXT
Worked on Call Center Applications on HealthCare services with IVR CTI, VOIP for different call flows (Members, Providers, Claims, Eligibility, Benefits, Health information) for provider member Insurance Healthcare plans

Responsibilities:

Developed the Test Plans, Test Scenarios and Test Cases using Software specifications document.
Conduct the peer review meetings for Test plan and Test Approvals.
Extensively involved on planning Gather requirements (Attended requirement review meetings Analyzed user requirements and provided feedback to the Business Analysts.)
Conduct peer reviews on Test cases, Writing Test cases.
Worked on LA Care CCA (Clinical Care Advance) application. CCA provides efficient healthcare services between members and providers who provide their care. CCA enables users to view provider information, member information, authorizations (inpatient/outpatient cases) and generating letters to members and providers associated to cases for different LOB and programs.
Tested member, provider and claims module on enrollment/eligibility validation, provider files, claims processing in CCA or QNXT
Tested Call Center applications on HealthCare services with IVR CTI, VOIP to ensure User Acceptance testing is completed

Created Queries and generated the reports, validated the data for different call flows.

Conduct Daily status Defect Calls.
Effectively train, motivate and mentor QA team and knowledge transfer to new members
Communicate with project manager(s) for assigned project on testing status, issues, risks, etc.

Environment: .Net, Windows, Internet Explorer, Oracle, Java, HP ALM

QA Analyst
Avaya
August 2010 to February 2016

North West Telephony Infrastructure project supports contact center clinical centers and member services in North West region using IVR for different call flows (Claims Management, Eligibility, Benefits, Health information) for provider, member Healthcare Insurance Plans using Avaya IP phones and Genesis framework CTI Call Routing as defined by agent skills and Genesis Agent Desktop application for contact center agents to handle calls and for calls processing with carrier grade VoIP.
Real time monitoring of IVR Agent Interactions, evaluations and calls history. CCPM, CCPulse generates contact center historical and real time reports with call statistics for different thresholds and metrics and tracking agent’s performance. Through WFM it provides managing work force for organization and adherence to work schedules.

Responsibilities:

Understand and collaborate on requirements. Participated in requirement review meetings.

Prepared test scripts interacting with business users to understand the requirements

Coordinating with business users on requirements gathering, other teams on data requirements, defects

Tested Call Center applications in Kaiser Permanente on HealthCare services for Telephony Infrastructure projects with IVR CTI to ensure User Acceptance testing is completed
Tested different modules on Insurance Health plans Claims, Eligibility, Benefits, Eye care &Nutrition, Dental, Health Information, and Pharmacy, Customer support using IVR for contact center clinical and member services and validating the call flows.
Tested CTI call routing based on routing skills defined by Genesis and calls data with Genesis contact center Agent Desktop applications. Testing member and provider Health plan services for Health care using IVR, CTI, and GAD for clinical centers.
Tested WFM (Work Force Management) solution.

Tested employees work schedules in Organization and tracking adherence

Tested calls handling by contact center Agents make calls, answer calls, calls processing call Transfer, call hold, Conference call using Genesis Agent Desktop in addition to carrier VOIP.

Created Queries and generated the reports, validated the data for different call flows.

Generated Call Center historical and real time reports for different thresholds and call metrics, Agents Evaluations and Contact Center agents Performance for call centers.

Maintaining test scripts, test execution, defects in Quality Center.

Participated in defect calls, UAT meetings to meet testing timelines

Environment: Windows, .Net, IVR, SOAP UI,XML, Genesis CTI, Genesis Agent Desktop, VOIP Phones, soft IP Phone, Quality Center

Sr QA Tester
Verizon, Irving, TX
August 2008 to July 2010

Verizon is a leading provider of Telecom Solutions to major Telecommunication companies worldwide. Retail E2E Customer experience project covers the entire business process flows from the initial point of sale through to all of the downstream systems and outputs (IVAPP, NCOG, NOCV, SOP/SOM/SOPDOE, SPOT, DOTCOM, and COFEE). Retail COFEE (Converged Front End Engine) is a high-performance windows-based front end system used by consumer, business and small business customers. SPOT and DOT Com are web based Applications for order management, customer care and billing.

Also worked in Verizon IT Real Estate Portfolio Asset Management System (PAMS) developed to
Maintain centralized Portfolio Asset Management System for VZ Telecom, VZ Wireless, and VZ
Business, and VZ International owned and leased property records and in Project tracking system
(on PTS TM, SP+, DC Applications) designed to provide a single framework and repository to track
all projects managed by the VSO Real Estate organization and in Project North to maintain an
Equivalent RE structure in north system for frontier employees & properties.

Responsibilities:

Prepared Test cases (PAMS, PTS applications) based on BRD and design

Uploaded test scripts, executed the scripts, analyzed the results and reported the bugs in Quality center.

Participated in System, Regression, and UAT.

Performed UAT, regression testing after the defects were fixed
Prepared test status reports, bug reports.
Involved in walkthroughs, reviews and defect status call.
Tested CR’s for new enhancements understanding requirements.

Responsible for E2E testing covering the go flow from the initial point of sale through all the downstream systems

Worked in E2E Testing for Front end System Retail Cofee, web based Ordering Applications Dotcom and Spot in E2E Customer experience project

Requirement Analysis, Prepared test cases, execution and Involved in External and Internal reviews.

Retested specific defects for E2E Customer experience and troubleshooting environment/code/data issues until resolved

Maintaining execution status report, trained new team and on call support.

Actively Involved in Software Development Life Cycle and Test Life Cycle

Co-ordinate with support teams to ensure availability of necessary resources (Hardware, Software, Environment etc.) to perform QA activities as per the plan

Environment: .Net, TFS, Windows, Oracle, XML, WSDL, SQL, Java, Quality Center

Communication Organizer
Ericsson

Communication organizer Product supports features call handling (make call, drop call, call waiting, call forwarding,) using soft phones and Avaya IP Phones, activity management, call status display, contacts management, instant messaging, Emailing and maintaining Contacts of users .

Responsibilities:

Prepared test scenarios as per business or functional specifications.

Installing applications on Windows server and client machines.

Installing, Configuring telephony server using UNIX commands.

Tested business telephony features in Lab using VOIP, analog phones and in simulation environment using soft phones using protocols like H.323

Maintain the requirements, test plan, test scripts.

Extensively worked on web applications, client server applications for system, regression testing.

Preparation of Test Scripts and coordination of all testing activities including defect tracking and issue remediation using Quality Center
Maintaining contacts using Active Directory and email, Instant messaging, invitation using exchange server.

Call trace for business telephony features.

Participated in team meetings, defect status calls, knowledge transfer to new recruits

Environment: .Net, Windows 2000/2003, Suse Linux 8, MS Exchange Server, Active directory, IIS

QA Tester
Verizon, Tampa, Florida
June 2007 to July 2008

BAAIS is a Broadband Activation Assignment and Inventory Services), an OSS application under Network is in the business of identifying and delivering supply chain solutions at the lowest total cost to our customers by leveraging our engineering, systems, design, and consulting expertise. It performs capacity & inventory management, provisioning & allocation algorithms and automated activation functionalities for Broadband Services offered in Verizon.

Responsibilities:

Developed the Test Scenarios and Test Cases using Software specifications document
Conduct peer reviews on Test cases, Writing Test cases.
Wrote test cases and test requirements based on document specifications/design specifications

Prepared test data based on exact definition of defect and opposite definition of defect

Proposed and verified Solutions for Faults found during Testing Applications tracking, and troubleshoot defects

Tested CR’s for new enhancements understanding requirements

Executed shell scripts in the UNIX background using Unix commands. Verified the log files, error files to troubleshoot

Execute SQL Queries and analyzing the database results

Using Mercury Quality center to manage the requirements, test scripts and also defects

Investigating software defects and interacting with developers to resolve technical issues using Quality center

Co-coordinated with Project Managers, Business Analysts and System Analysts to set up the pre-validation and validation environment to execute the scripts.

Environment: C++, UNIX, XML, Informix, Clearcase, SQL, Mercury Quality Center

Wipro Technologies, India
Jan’04 – Apr’07

Radio Access Configurator
Client: Nokia

Radio Access Configurator (RAC) Application OSS product for Network Configuration Management in GSM/GPRS Networks. The RAC is mainly used for Configuration Management (CM) of Base Station Subsystem (BSS). Radio access configurator (RAC) product is used to configure and monitor the features of mobile network elements .RAC Applications helps in efficient plan-based management and Network interaction, database and network consistency maintenance.

Responsibilities:

Analyzing business requirements, functional specifications of the product for Radio Access Configurator product for Configuration Management of Base Station Subsystem and to configure and monitor the features of mobile network elements MSC, BSC, HLR

Prepared Test cases for RAC Product based on BRD and design

Uploaded test scripts, executed the scripts, analyzed the results in Quality center.

Tested mobile application using simulators and emulators and also with real time devices

System Testing and Regression testing for verifying functionality of RAC for database and network consistency maintenance
Tracking the defects using Rational Clear Quest tool
Maintain the requirements, test plan, test scripts, test execution result
Actively Involved in Software Development Life Cycle and Test Life Cycle
Knowledge transfer to new recruits, participated in defect status call and project meetings
Co-ordinate with support teams to ensure availability of necessary resources (Hardware, Software, Environment etc.) to perform QA activities as per the plan
Environment: C++, HP_UX, Oracle, Java, Apache tomcat, Mercury Quality center, Clear Case

Devices & Connectivity
Client: Ericsson

Devices & Connectivity aims at AXE Switch operation and Maintenance. AXE 810 Switches Serves mobile switching centers (MSC), base station controllers (BSC), HLS, Location based services and MSC servers connected to media gateways supporting Mobile features like Outgoing calls, missed calls, International calls, Blocked calls, Announcements, Instant messaging SMS, MMS.
The modularity of AXE Switch makes it possible to add new functionality in an easier way for the next generation networks

Responsibilities:

Worked at client’s location Italy, involved in testing activities

Preparation of Test Cases, Test Data, Test Scripts according to the Business Requirements, functional specifications

Tested mobile application using simulators and emulators and also with real time devices

Tested features like Call Processing, Call Maintenance, Hand Off, Cell Power, Origination and Termination Calls, New Features and Regression testing of Software for AXE Switch operation and Maintenance Serves mobile switching centers (MSC), base station controllers (BSC), HLS, Location based services and MSC servers

Configure the network on Solaris using Ericsson’s proprietary language

Developed and updated the test Cases according to Users requirements
Simulating the Calls using Winfiol tool by connection to SEA session in Ericsson Lab environment
Tracking, analyzing, and reporting defects using defect tracking tool
Maintain the requirements, test plan, test scripts, test execution resul
Investigating software defects and interacting with developers to resolve technical issues.
Responsible for weekly status, attend the bridge meetings showing progress and future testing efforts, assigning tasks to team members and trained new team .

Environment: C, C++, Sun Solaris, Clear Quest
Contact this candidate