Kathlyn Miller-Francis
ad4v89@r.postjobfree.com • 626-***-****
QA Automation Engineer LinkedIn • Monrovia, CA
Highly skilled Automation Test Engineer with 1 year experience in designing, developing, and executing automated test scripts. Committed to ensuring software quality and reliability through comprehensive testing methodologies. Skilled in collaborative teamwork and independent problem-solving, dedicated to delivering top-notch software quality. Seeking a challenging position to utilize technical expertise and drive continuous improvement in a dynamic organization.
Areas of Expertise

Functional Testing
API Testing
Bug Advocacy

Smoke Testing
Gherkin (BDD /TDD) CI/CD

Regression Testing
Test Case Design
Version Control
Technical Proficiencies
Programming Languages and Libraries: Java, Apache POI, Rest Assured, Chai.js, Python, C#, C++ Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, XML, JSON
Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, TestNG, Junit, Cucumber, Jenkins, Postman, Cypress
Documentation and Version Control: Jira, Bugzilla, Git, GitHub/Bitbucket, Bugzilla, Azure, AWS, Tableau, Salesforce Project Management: Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Release Management Database: SQL, Oracle, DB2, MS Access
Professional Experience
QA Automation Engineer - TestPro 07/2023 – Present
Internship for Manual Testing and SDET
Portfolio Link: https://github.com/KathlynMF/A51-QA-Automation-Framework

Successfully verified features using manual testing and automation procedures to support releases. Applied SQL for comprehensive database testing, ensuring data accuracy. Proficient at designing and formulating Test Automation Frameworks from scratch for Smoke and Regression testing with focus on the Functionality of the Web Application. Proactively identified, tracked defects, and updated defect status in JIRA. Defined test automation strategy, test scenarios created test plan (Scope, approach, tools, environment, and schedule) based on project scope, business, and functional requirement specifications.

●Conducted rigorous manual and automated testing for web and mobile applications, ensuring robust quality assurance standards with Python.
●Demonstrated expertise in test case design, execution, and effective defect tracking.
●Developed and executed comprehensive test cases using Jira and TestRail, contributing to effective test planning and execution.
●Create end-to-end test plans, execute and manage all activities in the plan to ensure that all the objectives are met and that the solution works as expected.
●Familiarity with debugging tools, such as IDE debuggers, gdb, core dumps, backtraces
●Successfully completed internships in both manual and automation testing at TestPro, significantly enhancing proficiency and practical skills in software testing.
●Collaborated with seasoned QA professionals on diverse testing projects, gaining valuable insights and contributing to successful project outcomes.
Professional Training
TestPro QA Bootcamp, (07/2023 - 11/2023)

Page 1 2

Licenses & Certifications
AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification, AWS training and certification, 10/24/22
Studying for International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB) Foundation certification
Education
Bachelor of Science in Information Systems
California State University, Northridge, Los Angeles, CA
Page 2 2
Contact this candidate