Summary
PROFILE SUMMARY:
QA ENGINEER - SOFTWARE TESTER
To achieve a challenging position in Software Testing and Ǫuality Management in an Organization,where acquired skills will be utilized towards Organization growth and advancement. Exceptional skill in SǪL-based environments. Proven to understand customer requirements & translate into actionable project plans. Having a strong hold on mathematics,analytics and logical reasoning. Knowledge of Python modules. (NumPy,Pandas, Seaborn,matplotlib) .
Having 4 plus years of experience in Manual Testing & Mobile Application Testing,Desktop Application Testing,Windows & Web based Application Testing.
Having Good knowledge in Database testing using MY SǪL.
Having Good knowledge of API Testing using Postman.
Good understanding of SDLC,STLC and Agile methodology.
Have actively of different levels of Functional Testing(Component testing,Integration testing and System testing).
Experienced in identifying Regression test cases,Smoke testing and Sanity test cases.
Experienced in Test documentation preparation - Test Scenario,Test case,Test Data and Defect Report.
Experienced in Test Plan, RTM.
Intermediate level experience on MY SǪL.
Detecting bugs and classifying them based on severity,priority and defect follow-up till closure.
Working experience in Mobile Testing.
Well, acquainted with all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC). Experience
SOFTTECH ENGINEERS PVT. LTD. Noida, Uttar Pradesh Test Engineer 10/2023
PROJECT HISTORY:
*AAI (Airport Authority of India):
*Responsibilities:
*Developed and executed QA test cases, scripts and procedures for software maintenance. Assessed application patches and updates at development, testing and quality assurance stages. Tested functional and compatibility of new programs or updates in comparison to existing applications. Resolved technical issues and forecasted troubleshooting complications during software trials. Fixed identified issues to improve workflows.
Windows & web based applications testing.
Tested software to assess optimal in-project deployment. Recommended changes and corrections to developers for optimal software performance and usability. Completed in-depth usability testing on Windows, Android and iOS mobile devices. API Testing using Postman Tool.
BSW SOFT PVT. LTD. Bengaluru, Karnataka
QA Engineer 01/2020 - 10/2023
Ankit Rajhans
+917********* ad4yn9@r.postjobfree.com New Delhi, Delhi PROJECT HISTORY:
(1).Admission Provider:
Description: Admission Provider is designed and developed for admission of children in nearby schools. For the admission process users must create his profile as well as his child’s profile. He must upload Requirement documents like Child’s Birth certificate, Child’s photograph, Parent’s Photograph, Proof of Residence Document. He must mention or enters the location in the ` application then he was able to see the schools based on their boards like CBSE, ICSE, State Board & many more. Also has the filter option for it. Thus, users can directly apply for the admission for their children. This application helps users to save their time for admission procedures & users don’t need to stand in a big line for the admission of their child processes.
*Responsibilities:
Designed functional test cases, sanity test cases identification.
Manual Testing – Functional Testing, Sanity testing, Regression and Re-Testing.
Functional testing on m-site.
Regression testing, Defect analysis, reporting defects, defect follow up.
Test report generation. Co-ordination with client team.
Providing status report on daily, Weekly basis to the client team.
* Mobile Testing (Android & IOS),Desktop application testing,Windows & web based application testing.
(2).Crush&Craft Description: It’s an E-commerce site. This project consists of multiple modules like Customer login, Product Module, Event Module, Basket & Payment Module. Here Customer registered themselves through his email id. Inventory department executive can track the order and allocated order to nearest vendor and update the states.
*Responsibilities:
Understanding the business requirements & preparing clarification log.
Test data identification based on business logic.
Making test cases and execution of those test cases for different functional modules.
Designed detailed level test scenarios, system integration test cases.
Performing functional testing, regression testing, Ad-hoc testing, re-testing, system testing.
Reviewing test case designed by team member.
Regression testing, Defect analysis, reporting defects, defect follow up.
Assisting in test planning and pass-fail criteria.
Works on API Testing.
Test report generation.
* Mobile Testing (Android & IOS),Desktop application testing,Windows & web based application testing.
Co-ordination with client team.
Providing status report on daily, Weekly basis to the client team. Providing project status report on weekly basis to the higher management.
Reporting and tracking of bugs using JIRA and handling quality assurance.
Worked on multiple projects & delivered to clients Skills
Manual Testing, JIRA,MYSQL,API Testing, Mobile& Windows Test Education
Maharishi Dayanand University, Rohtak (Haryana ) Rohtak, Haryana BCA 08/2017
Contact this candidate