Subhashini V.
QA Automation Engineer
Email: ad4yv0@r.postjobfree.com
Ph #: 302-***-****
Professional Summary:
Over 8+ years of experience as QA Engineer delivering high Quality and Scalable web applications in a high user-traffic environment
Expertise in various types of testing like Software Automation Testing and Manual Testing
Extensively worked with Selenium IDE, RC and Web Driver, Grid for testing web applications.
Good knowledge of Java Development and proven experience in using Java for Automation.
Hands on experience in SQL to execute different types of queries to compare data against source of truth.
Hands on experience using SSIS to extract data from various sources like files, Tables into SQL Tables and run SQL Queries to Test the Data.
Designed and created Test Suites using different frameworks like Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Page Object Model and Hybrid Framework for Java based applications.
Worked Extensively with JUnit &TestNG Testing Framework. Have implemented cross browser testing and data driven testing using @parameters and @DataProvider annotations.
Implemented test automation for handling popup windows and alerts using WebDriver and Alert interface class.
Executed test scripts in headless browser like HtmlUnitdriver and PhatomJS.
Used AutoIt, Selenium Actions API in automation for Mouse movements, Keystrokes, Window control manipulations and print pop-ups.
Have the ability to perform switch over to elements in iframes using WebDriver.
Ability to perform Compatibility testing with different browsers like Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari and with different operating systems like Windows, Android, Mac OS.
Experienced in using Apache POI to read the data from external sources in order to feed test data sets into the test scripts.
Experience in testing Web Services-SOA architecture, JSON, XML transactions, SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, and REST using various industry standard tools like SOAPUI, Postman and Rest Assured.
Used SoapUI and JSON Path assertions to verify the API response.
Experience in testing Mobile Applications using Android Studio and Real Devices to test the Android and iOS applications using Appium.
Experience in Writing Features, Scenario Outlines for Cucumber BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) framework and automating BDD scenarios using Cucumber Runners.
Created complete solution for continuous integration tool such as Jenkins from code checkout from GitHub to regression report generation.
Hands on experience of developing test plans and strategies of testing web applications and e-commerce situation.
Expertise in Integration, Functional, Regression, System testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Quick learner and good team player.
Ability to meet tight deadlines in a timely manner.
Expertise in Problem solving and Bug Tracking Reports using Bug tracking Tools.
Extensive experience in working on multiple projects concurrently.
Suggested probable risk and risk mitigating strategies along with creative solutions to the management team.

Technical Skills
QA Management Tools
JIRA, Test Rail, MS Office, MS Excel
Automation Tools
Selenium WebDriver in Java, Selenium, Eclipse
Automation Frameworks
Data driven framework by using Page Object Model design pattern with Page Factory, TestNG.
API Testing
Rest Assured API Automation, POSTMAN, Soap UI Tool, Soap API Automation .
Logs and Reports
Extent Reports, Log4j for logs
Version Control
Git, GitLab
Languages
Java, JavaScript,XML
Build and CI Tools
Jenkins, Maven
Methodology and Processes
Agile

Education: Master’s in Computers Science

Professional Experience:

Client: Comcast Sep 2021 - Present
Role: Test Engineer

Responsibilities:

Analyzed Business Requirements and prepared detailed test cases for the Application under Test (AUT).
Used Visual Studio to develop & debug the code.
Written BDD (Behavior Driven Development) tests using Cucumber and JavaScript
Automated UI and Functional test cases of the web application using WebDriver IO
Used GitLab to manage the UI Automation Code
Participate in scrum meetings like daily standups, story acceptance and sprint planning
Interact with developers and BSA to understand the requirements clearly and discuss/explain the defects found in the application.
Working on automated test scripting using tools such as Selenium
Testing in an Agile development environment using tools such as JIRA, Confluence to develop/execute functional and regression test scripts.
Create Test cases for both positive and negative and store them in Quality center.
Fine tune performance scripting using tools such as Rational Performance Tester and Jmeter
Working with Web services testing using tools such as SoapUI, REST and API.
Performing API testing using Postman.
Used ‘Atlassian JIRA’ for Defects management.
Environment: JavaScript, WebDriver IO, JIRA, Node.js, Visual Studio, Xpath, CSS, POSTMAN, Windows.

Citi Bank, New York, NY Sep 2019- Aug 2021
QA Automation Engineer

Roles and Responsibilities:
Reviewed the Product Backlog, Functional Specifications Document and Technical Documentation.
Interacted with the Project Manager, Business Analysts and Developers to understand the application design and functional specifications.
Implemented Hybrid automation test framework with Selenium WebDriver, Java and TestNG.
Used Apache POI to read data from external sources and provide them as parameters to the locators in the test script.
Used Firebug, Fire Path to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CSS Selector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags.
Tested broken links and inter application links (page redirects to respective URL's) in development, test and production environments.
Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run parallel testing by creating Groups, and categorizing test cases.
Performed Selenium Synchronization using Explicit & Implicit waits.
Wrote test cases to handle Popups windows and Alerts using WebDriver and Alert interface class.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium Web Driver& created Data Driven framework using TestNG.
Performed Cross browser compatibility testing on Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers using TestNG suites.
Worked on Capturing Screenshots on Failure or Pass to analyze the test failure reason. Coordinated with application team to ensure resolution of all issues and completion of work on time.
Wrote XPATH expression for identifying dynamic object and handled Ajax requests using Synchronization.
Created test reports generated out of TestNG and captured the error screenshots.
Dealt with Accessing Links & Tables using Selenium WebDriver and Java collections framework.
Used Jenkins tool for continuous integration of the builds.
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions in Gherkins format.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database and Used SQL queries for retrieving data from database for executing user specific test cases.
Involved in Web services testing using SOAPUI Tool. Validated request and response XML. Added assertions to validate the XML in Web services, SOAP and RESTFUL service.
Performed mobile testing using Appium on Android devices.
Used real devices and emulators to carryout mobile testing on native and browser (Web) applications.
Schedule and prioritize work and plan a sequence of testing activities that accomplish the planned targets. Set priorities and provide reports to the management.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium GRID, Eclipse, Oracle, HTML, XML, GIT, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, Postman, Rest Assured, JIRA, Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, Cucumber, Appium, Appium Inspector.

Client: Infosys Solutions. Aug 2013– May2016
Hyderabad, India.
Role: Manual Tester

Responsibilities:
Developed Manual/Functional Test conditions and Scripts based on the requirement documents.
Generated Test data for various types of testing to valid data, Invalid data, Partial data and bad data testing.
Gathered Test environment requirements and wrote Test Plans and Test Cases.
Worked closely with the QA manager, developers and SQA engineers to understand needs, preferences, workflows, priorities and to execute test strategies.
Used Quality Center (HP QC) as a bug tracking system.
Involved in team of User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Executed the Test Cases to verify actual results to expected results.
Used Quality Center for requirement analysis, scheduling and generating test cases.
Defects were tracked, reviewed, analyzed and compared using Quality Center.
Generated Reports and Documented and Communicated test results on daily bases.
Actively participated in Daily Stand up meetings and weekly meeting.
Environment: Manual Testing, HP Quality Center, UAT, Microsoft Office Tools, Windows.
Contact this candidate