Galina Ilchenco
Ranco Cordova, CA
Mobile: 408-***-****
ad4yum@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/galina-ilchenco-b3a57a15/

SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER POSITION

SUMMARY:
15+ years of experience testing desktop, mobile, and web-based applications
Experienced in building up QA teams from ground-up
Excellent understanding of Software Development and QA methodologies
Deep knowledge of Agile and Waterfall development methods
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Strong management, organization, documentation, and communication skills
Passion for software quality

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Platforms: Mac OS, Windows, Linux/Unix
Mobile Platforms: iOS, Android
Test Management/Bug Tracking: Jira, Bugzilla, Testrail, Testlink
Test Automation Tools: Selenium Webdriver with Java, Junit, TestNG, JBehave
IDEs: IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, BBEdit

EXPERIENCE:
May 2022 – Present
Senior QA Engineer
Afero, Los Altos, CA
Performed end-to-end tests of Afero’s proprietary firmware for various IoT products. Tests included black-box (user-level) and grey-box (e.g. manipulating input voltage while monitoring log output.)
Developed test cases (in TestRail), created integration and regression validation runs for critical functions.
Executed test cases for diverse features on a wide range of consumer IoT devices.
Published detailed test reports and feedback to improve product quality, escalated bug fixes and supported hotfix releases.
Created device profiles in JSON formats utilizing BBEdit.
Created and executed Jenkins runs to build the IoT device profiles.
Created and enabled OTA updates for supported IoT devices.

September 2020 – May 2022
Software QA Lead
CK-12 Foundation, Palo Alto, CA
Managed day-to-day operational tasks by team of 11 off-shore QA Automation and Manual test engineers to ensure the delivery of high-quality web-based educational software with an aggressive timeline.
Facilitated meetings with the development teams, product managers, content developers, and other stakeholders to share and reach alignment on planning, testing, shipping, and managing tactical weekly release operations.
Conducted daily triage meetings to analyze and monitor software anomalies and defects utilizing Bugzilla bug tracking system.
Developed and maintained test documentation including test plans, test cases, acceptance checklists, and requirements traceability matrices to establishing quality processes throughout the entire development cycle.
Mentored test engineers on testing strategy, standards, tools, and processes.
Directed improvement of test automation framework used for regression and new features testing. Evaluated new tools and processes to enable the development of complex test automation system.
In addition to leading the effort, directly contributed to design and implementation of automated testing infrastructure, maintaining formal frameworks, suites, standards, processes, and reporting.
Participated in functional and automated testing of the application on various browsers and operating systems.

March 2016 – July 2020
Senior QA Engineer
Freedom Financial Network, San Mateo, CA
Client-side testing: Designed, built, and deployed automated tests utilizing Selenium WebDriver and TestNG (with Java) for web application.
Verified software functionality across a matrix of browser configurations, OSes and mobile devices.
Server-side testing: Validated API response data (utilizing Postman for testing HTTP request/response).
For Salesforce application create and execute automated test cases using JBehave in conjunction with Selenium WebDriver/Java for functionality, regression and smoke testing.
Database testing: Created SQL queries to perform data verification tests.
Project coordination: Coordinate with scrum team and development counterparts in overseeing bug tracking, test prioritization, test automation, and releases of the front-end of the company's website.
Participate in product-deliverable reviews, and provide input on project requirements including scope, design, timelines, and potential problems.

Jan 2015 - Jan 2016
Software QA Manager
Yuzu, Inc., Mountain View, CA
Build MacOS QA team from the ground up – including defining QA processes, evaluating the necessary hardware, and hiring a team of QA Engineers (Blackbox and Whitebox).
Defined end-to-end QA processes, created and maintained QA Wiki page, created templates test case and test plans used throughout the team.
Represented QA team to Development, Design and Product teams, and maintained relationships and communication with all groups.
Planned and executed all aspects of testing and delivering the first macOS version of Yuzu product.
Developed automated XCUITest suite for iOS app using Swift 2.0/Xcode.

May 2012 - Jan 2015
Senior QA Engineer
Barnes & Noble Digital Education Div, Palo Alto, CA
Actively participated in creating and shipping the first incarnation of Yuzu – the next generation SaaS package for the education marketplace with studying tools and course information management for various platforms.
Developed and implemented test plans and test cases for the Library area.
Performed Smoke, Functionality testing for Course and Terms Views areas.
Closely involved in the design and review of Accessibility functionality.
Actively utilized Xcode for debugging software failures and conducting performance testing on iOS platform.
Utilized ADB and DDMS tools for debugging purposes and logs collection on Android platform.
Sole tester responsible for e-Commerce (Marketing) Website for Yuzu product, verifying the UI and functionality of the site on various Browsers/Platforms systems.
Used Selenium WebDriver to create automated testcases for Sanity, Functionality and Regression tests of e-Commerce site.
Tested the migration of e-Commerce site from the physical environment to the Amazon Cloud.

2011 – 2012
Platform QA Engineer
Lab 126, Cupertino, CA
Documented, designed, and developed test plans for platform functionality of Android-based wireless consumer devices (Kindle Fire).
Analyzed business requirements, software requirement specifications to create test cases for manual and automated testing.
Actively working with the core platform team to ensure the device quality and core API functionality.

2007 – 2010
Senior QA Engineer
Dell, Inc., Sunnyvale, CA
Tested proprietary Mobile Music application on Dell’s branded Android-based products. Responsible for creating Test Plan and Testcases based on specifications provided by Dell’s US UI team. Coordinating and supervising the testing process accomplished by Dell’s China-based testing group.
Drive the testing of the backup, restore, and PIM data synchronization processes for Dell’s mobile internet device. Conduct the functional application testing in various PC platforms on Windows7, Windows XP, Windows Vista OS, and Device Component on Android system.
Utilize PHP scripting and SQL queries to develop and maintain the interactive internal QA website to support the managerial coordination of the testing efforts across locations and departments, and provide the snapshot of testing process at any particular moment of the testing cycle.
Test automation experience includes creating Perl scripts to automatically install new test builds and execute smoke test within a software emulator, as well as analyzing log output.

2005 – 2007
Software QA Lead
ZING Systems, Inc., Mountain View, CA
Responsible for testing Client software for Zing mobilizing digital media devices to support a full suite of live, wireless and digital streams with integrated playback and playlist management.
Leading the team of 5 individual contributors to test the proprietary Client software for Sansa media device from end to end to ensure the software quality and on-time product delivery to the partners.
Conducted system functionality testing for ZingAgent Media software: analyzed functional specifications, developed and executed test cases, produced problem reports, suggestions, system test logs, and test incident reports. Performed functional testing across PC, Mac and Linux, tested compatibility with iTunes, Winamp, and Windows Media Player software.

2003 – 2005
Senior QA Engineer
Macromedia, Inc., San Francisco, CA
Participated in functional specs reviews, provided feedback on deficiencies or integration problems
Developed and maintained the Test Plans and Test Suites for FlashPaper (a virtual printer/Web Display Technology). Worked with the development team of 5 Engineers.
Reviewed the Test Plans with development to ensure all areas of code received the proper test coverage.
Developed “corner” test cases based on functional specs and technical designs, modeling essential real-life scenarios during the test passes.

2000 – 2003
Software QA Engineer
Digeo, Inc., Palo Alto, CA
Responsible for testing hardware, middleware, applications, and back-end services to support a full suite of modern interactive TV services including program guide, DVR, information services, games, digital music, photos, as well as other applications.
Developed and maintained test plans, test cases, and real-life scenarios.
Worked with developers and domain experts to provide missing and additional information not available through current documentation.

1996 – 2000
Software QA Engineer
WebTV Network, Microsoft
Palo Alto, CA
Tested proprietary WebTV Internet Browser, Internet Server, and Customer/Subscriber Database.
Defined the quality plan and test coverage for client-side software for all WebTV Telco products
Track and resolve dependencies with Service and DB groups to test features on the client
Created dynamic, highly productive and integrated QA group. Responsibilities included hiring, training and managing of the QA Engineers. Ensure that the product had the highest quality possible within the limitations of resources and schedule.
Provided hands-on leadership, work in cross-functional environment in the early stages of product definition and planning, meet critical deadlines, make reasonable and timely decisions.

EDUCATION & TRAINING:
2016 Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree, Udacity
2007 MBA, Ellis College of NYIT
2000 Microsoft Management Courses
1994 Computer Science, Diablo Valley College
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate