SWAPNA
E-Mail:ad4yq9@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 757-***-****

Experience Summary:

ASTQB Certified Tester, having 10+ years of Experience as a Technical Consultant in multiple domains focusing on Quality Assurance and Software Testing.
4+ years of solid experience as Lead QA in both manual and automation testing processes.
Extensive experience in implementing automation framework using Selenium/ WebDriver/ Maven /Test NG for www.samsung.com/us ecommerce platform.
Performed cross platform, Functional, Regression, UI testing for Mobile Native App, Web Apps and Hybrid apps using Appium test automation framework.
Implemented UI Automation viewer in Appium to inspect elements in mobile applications.
Strong testing experience on Cross platform (Android, IOS & windows) operating system.
Performed the Testing on the various mobile devices with a various platform (IOS, Android)
Lead the Design and Implementation of Test Automation Frameworks for Web, Mobile (IOS and Android), and API Testing, resulting in 30 % reduction in testing time.
Strong Experience on Android SDK logging tools.
Strong testing experience for Android Native app and web application.
Experience in Automated testing using Selenium IDE, Selenium Grid, Selenium RC, Web Driver and TestNG.
Experience with New Relic Tool to create PYTHON Synthetic monitoring scripts and integrate with PagerDuty alerts to keep track of Performance of the Application across multiple geo locations.
Expertise in using a common source code GitHub Repository to do latest code merges and trigger builds using Continuous Integration Tool JENKINS CI/CD to the lower Test Environments.
Hands on experience in testing of RESTful API and leveraging Postman.
Hands-on experience to Validate services built in JSON.
Hands-on experience with Adobe Analytic Tagging validations.
Extensive experience in all phases of SDLC processes & methodologies like Agile (Scrum) and Waterfall models.
Experience in Bug tracking tools such as JIRA, HP QC and Bugzilla.
Experienced in running QA Scrum calls to understand the status across sprint items and bottlenecks in the releases there by keeping the Stakeholders informed on the Risks involved and challenges across reaching the targeted deadlines of project readiness.
Involved in Configuring AEM template with compatible components,updated existing content as per the Figma mocks shared by Marketing Team.
Publish /Unpublish Pages with AEM workflows to Production.
Worked across PIM data updates and DAM assets updates for Prestigious launches of Samsung like Galaxy series every year .
For a Weekly Promotional basis updated multiple AEM pages and launched latest content as per Marketing Team needs.
Supported across SEO updates (Search Engine Optimization) as per the Marketing needs to improve website visibility to be on Top of the search engine results like Google.
Experience in Preparing Test Plan, Test Cases using Test Rail, writing Test Scripts by decomposing Business Requirements and Use Cases, and developing Test Scenarios to support quality.
Solid Back-end testing experience in writing and executing SQL Queries to fetch test data from SQL Server.
Worked closely with the UI/UX Team to understand the design and ensure the application is built and works as intended.

Educational Qualifications:

●(MCA) Master of Computer Applications from Osmania University in June 2007.
●(BSC COMPUTERS) Bachelor of Computer Science from Osmania University in April 2004.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Languages
JAVA, C, C++, Java Script, HTML
Database
Oracle, My SQL.
Content Management System
Adobe Experience Manager (CQ5)
Testing Tools
JIRA, HP ALM/Quality Center, Quick Test Professional – QTP, Selenium, Appium IOS/Android,New Relic Performance tracker.
Instant Messengers
CISCO Jabber, Web Ex, Slack, Knox.
DevOps Tools
Jenkins, GitHub

Work Experience:

Organization: Cyber Think Inc.
Client: Samsung SDSA, New Jersey.
Project: AEM 6.5 Service Pack 14 AWS Migration.
Role: Web/Mobile QA Engineer. June 2017 - Present
Project Summary:
Led the testing efforts for a large-scale migration project, successfully transitioning on-premises infrastructure to AWS cloud services.
As QA lead prepared Test plans to provide a holistic view across QA timeline, resource allocation, defect triage and coordinating across the status from global QA/QC/content teams and thereby providing risks and bottlenecks across the launch of Product to the stakeholders, and providing a QA Sign off.
Involved in reviewing /analyzing the risks and signing off across the Quality on weekly production releases and promotion launches. Set up live monitoring dashboards to keep track of the Application stableness post launches.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Conducted end-to-end testing, that includes Migration of the AEM Template/Components on the new servers.
Working on system testing as well as live network testing of various android smart phones and tablets as well as testing on Windows phone which have windows 8 OS.
Automated apps using Appium for different brands on Android devices like Phone, Tablet and TV.
Created test automation framework for android.
Configured Eclipse with various plugin like Android SDK, Android DDMS, Python, Java, Android ADT, POI API, Selenium.
Used Appium(android) to write mobile automation scripts.
Hosted Daily Stand-up / Retrospective Backlog Refinement/ Meetings.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to validate all the third-party vendor details are resulting in efficient data integration and transformation processes.
Performed Weekly and on Call-Deployment of application codes in GIT on to different Test Environments (DEV/QA and STG) using AWS environments.
Worked with Jenkins for Continuous Integration and Deployment of Code into Tomcat Application server
Designed and created test cases to validate various aspects of Kafka functionality, such as message processing, partitioning, replication, and fault tolerance.
Verify the integrity and accuracy of data streaming through Kafka topics and partition
Provided knowledge transfer sessions to the Offshore team when needed.
Led & managed quality assurance efforts across Global Teams for high visible Samsung.com Product Launches across Hand Held Phones and Home Appliances and Electronics.
Design Automation Test scripts using JAVA, selenium web driver post product launches to make sure the end user has a seamless experience in the purchase flow.
Created, prioritized and tracked user stories in JIRA as per the business needs, Coordinated & tracked QA status across weekly bug fixes or new enhancements.
Tested API services using Postman to compare promotional prices /stock flags /delivery dates for a product are rendered in the UI are as per the api rendered.
Prepared Test Plan, Test Scenarios and Test Cases and documented them in JIRA, Test Rail.
Expertise in developing Automation test script using Java Selenium WebDriver with Test framework using Test NG/Maven build tools for continuous regression testing, having a shared workspace in Git repository to have the team maintain the scripts while we have frequent prod Code deployments.
Involved in integrating the automated selenium scripts with Jenkins to run the builds on scheduled bases to make sure the regression suite is up and running and trigger the Pager duty alerts on any build failures
Analyzed the Jenkins build failures logs and coordinated with DEV team for resolution or have the QA team enhance/maintain the scripts if any change in elements.
Involved in generating test data like setting up inventory/prices/stock flags across a Product for lower environments using Curl command using postman.
Performed testing on backend transactions in the database using SQL queries.
Involved in testing JSON objects used across different models.
Involved in A/B Testing, Analytic Tagging, Created New relic monitoring scripts to keep track of the Performance across high traffic driven pages, reported the developers and category managers if any alerts are page down to have immediate fixes.
Ability to learn and adapt to new tools and technologies very quickly.

TECHNOLOGIES : Java, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, RESTful APIs, Spring Boot, React.js, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Git, IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Windows, Linux, AWS Code CI/CD Pipeline, Akamai, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Experience Manger.

Organization: GRMS IT Consultancy.
Client: Samsung SDSA, New Jersey.
Project: CMS Re-platform to AEM /Phase 2
Role: Web/Mobile QA Engineer JUNE 2016 - JUNE 2017

Project Summary:
CMS Re-platform Phase2 is a web transformation project of Samsung.com by migrating their content management system from TeamSite to Adobe’s Q5 platform. This involved re-designing the entire samsung.com/us website’s pre-purchase pages (~2500 pages) and support pages (~14,000) for all the electronic products offered by Samsung including the data migration of all the product information from TeamSite database to AEM database.
Development of CQ5 page components for the different page templates created and delivering them in authorable condition to the content authoring team. QA scope involved testing the CQ5 components, page templates, workflows and delivering them in authorable condition to the authoring team. Testing the PIM (Product Information Management) UI and functionalities developed which replaces the TeamSite.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Interacted with Architects, business analyst and developers on daily basis starting from BRD discussions and requirement gathering, testing, bug review and documentation for application developed.
Prepare test scenarios and test cases by understanding the use cases in the functional design documents.
Walkthrough of the test scenarios and test cases with the Business and development team.
Performed testing of the web application Samsung.com US site which includes Usability, GUI, functional, browser based, mobile device testing.
Test the page templates and CQ5 components (authorable & data driven components) developed Have done CQ5 Page creation, adding components and authoring them, publishing & approval
workflows testing and front-end testing of Samsung.com website once published.
Testing the PIM (Product Information Management) developed in AEM for functional as well as UI perspective.
Comparison of the new AEM page content with the existing pages in teamsite after the web transformation using tools.
Identified and isolated software project defects and reported them via JIRA Participated in Bug Triage calls and daily status meetings.
Execution of test cases in QA and UAT environments
Direct interaction with clients and closely working with clients on reviews and knowledge sharing sessions.
Interactive with Business and analyzing UAT issues and directing to Authoring or Dev team based on issue.
Expertise in Selenium automation using Selenium WebDriver, Test NG,JAVA & Maven
Designed and implemented different automation frameworks from scratch like Page Objects framework, Data Driven framework and TestNG framework for a number of projects
Expertise in writing Selenium WebDriver automation scripts in JAVA for highly transactional E-commerce websites
Maintained the Selenium & JAVA automation code in GITHUB Repository.
Excellent experience of Continuous Integration Tool-Jenkins and managing JAVA automation projects using them.
Technical environment: Jira, TeamSite, Adobe Experience manager (CQ5), Xenu link, Selenium, Continuous Integration –Jenkins,Git Hub Repository, Wave.

TECHNOLOGIES : Java, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, RESTful APIs, Spring Boot, React.js, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Git, IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Windows, Linux, AWS Code CI/CD Pipeline, Akamai, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Experience Manger.

Organization: GRMS IT Consultancy.
Client Name: Rokittech Inc.
Role played: QA Analyst December 2014 – May 2016

Roles & Responsibilities:

Reviewing and analyzing software requirements
Creating and executing test plans and test cases
Identifying, documenting, and reporting software defects
Collaborating with developers to resolve issues.
Ensuring that the final product meets the established quality standards.
Understand the different types of mobile apps (native, Hybrid, web) and different devices (iPhone, Android, Windows) from user perspective.
Used Android SDK’s, APK’s,Test Flight for validating various bets version of Gaming and Augmented Reality Apps .
Had exposure across testing applications on a wide range of mobile handsets of different vendors such as Nokia,iPhones,Samsung,LG, iPad,Tablets and many more .
Executed test plans to verify application functionality and User experience for various mobile applications ranging from Gaming Apps to Augmented Reality based Apps.
Log and regress all defects found during testing into appropriate defect tracking software involved in defect logging and retesting.
Implemented mobile automation framework using Appium .
Expertise in utilizing UI Automator viewer for Android devices and Appium inspector for iPhone devices to inspect elements in mobile Applications .
Presented Test Metrics and execution report to upper management on a timely manner that played a vital role during major project launches to Production.
Project 1 :

Roar Augmented Reality, Jersey City,NJ
Project Description :
ROAR, Augmented Reality (AR) Product
ROAR is an open Augmented Reality (AR) platform with sleek editor and supporting mobile viewer targeted for general public to rapidly create AR experiences harnessing the power of computer vision technologies. It offers very intuitive, simple to use web editor to create rich multimedia contents including 3D, Video, Audio, Image, Text, call to action buttons etc. and augmented into the real world around us that can be viewed through free ROAR IOS & Android mobile app viewer. ROAR blends the rich multimedia contents also known as virtual contents with the real physical objects around us to bring immersive user experience which can be shared with friends and families through social media integration.

Project 2 :

PUXERS, Jersey City,NJ
Client Name : Rokittech Inc.
Platform : Mobile Gaming using Unity.
Project Description :
PUXERS, Mobile Game Product
Puxers is an action-puzzler that is easy to play but hard to master. With a mix of fast-reaction gameplay, strategy, and numbers, Puxers is the perfect brainteaser that will keep everyone hooked for hours. Pull, shoot and rebound pucks to better combos and higher scores.

Project 3 :

WEI-Women Entrepreneur International, Jersey City,NJ
Client Name : Rokittech Inc.
Project Description :WEI,Web Based Product.
WEI is a social enterprise with the mission to build a sustainable model to empower and enable women entrepreneurs. We provide aspiring women entrepreneurs with business opportunities & end to end launch support through our global network of trusted partners. With tangible services such as building a business plan, securing funding, registering the company, legal and accounting activities, launching a website, and promoting their products, our success measure is truly driving a marked change to women who want to launch and grow their businesses.

Project 4 :

CBSS-Customer Billing Services System, Jersey City,NJ
Client Name : Verizon Wireless
Project Description :
Verizon Wireless is an American broadband and Communication Company providing wireless services to 119.450 million subscribers. Headquartered in New Jersey the company.
as formed as a joint venture of American Telecommunication firm Bell Atlantic (Renamed Verizon Communications) and Global British telecom Company Vodafone.

Project 5 :

CRM Bundle Offers-Customer Relationship Management,Chennai,India.
Client Name : Verizon Wireless
Project Description :
Strategically, CRM moves away from the complexity of frequent promotional or renewal discounts or other price changes. It Focus on program-based discounting by increased number of customers on contract. Project involves Testing the Fios Triple Play and Fios Double Play packages offered to existing Residential Customers and new Fios –High Speed Internet Packages to Small Scale business with No term packages and 2-year Term Packages.

TECHNOLOGIES : Xcode,Objective-C Language,Android Studio,Java,ARKit (IOS),AR Core (Android),Unity 3D cloud build,C#,SPRING.NET,Angular JS(JADE,Stylus,Gulp&NodeJS),MS SQL, AWS Stack(Besnstalk,s3,LAMBDA,RDS),JIRA,JEnkins

Organization : vRadiant Technologies,Hyderabad,India.
Role Played : QA Analyst October2011-December2013

Roles & Responsibilities:

Actively participated in the pre-testing that included review of the requirement documents, studying the use cases .
Writing Test Plan, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Matrix documents analyzing the Use Cases.
Responsible for manually testing the entire application for GUI, Functionality, Business Logic and Use case adherence.
For Regression testing, implementing the required checkpoints and updating them from time to time.
Created and managed Test Data for QA environment using MS Excel.
Create Test Case Databases for Regression Testing and execute Smoke and Regressions Tests prior to deployment.
Conducted End to End testing across banking website features like account login, account management, fund transfer, bill payments and transaction history, loan processing are working as expected.
Stayed updated on industry trends, testing methodologies and best practices in banking website testing .
Tested integration of banking systems with third-party systems, services and API’s including data exchange,error handling to ensure smooth interactions between different system components .
Generated test reports and communicated to stake holders and collaborated with development teams to prioritize and resolve issues.
Tested the compatibility of the banking website across different web browsers,devices and platforms,ensuring a consistent user experience for customers .
Contributed to a culture of continuous improvement by sharing knowledge,providing feedback, and actively participating in team discussions and initiatives.
Gained familiarity with technologies such as HTML,CSS,JAVA script and webservices (RESTful API’s)

Project 1:

Project Name: E-Banking
Project Description :
E-Banking System is web based and offers a full service such as personal, corporate, and international banking services in different areas. The system allows different users such as admin, bank employee and various customers to login and access for further usage and it provides information about various services offered by a bank. The main objective of this project is to create new branches, to create new users and banker employees along with the privileges. Admin is the key user, who has all the privileges for creating the Branches, Users and Banker Employees and along with all the other privileges. The retail user can check his account balance, request for check book, demand drafts, banker’s check, stop check payment, request for bank statement, etc. The user can also transfer funds to other accounts at the same branch, transfer funds to any of the accounts of the specified bank.

TECHNOLOGIES : Angular JS,JSON, JAVA,NET,Node.js, RESTful API’s,MS SQL Server,MS Office Tools,ORACLE CRM,Payment Gateways (PayPal, Stripe), Payment Processors (Visa, MasterCard) .
Contact this candidate