Miedo Donque
Los Angeles, CA
Immediately available for phone/video Interview
linkedin.com/in/miedo-d-7862342b

Recruiting Summary:
Miedo is a highly experienced RF field tester, holding a Bachelor of Science in Electronics and Communications Engineering from the University of San Carlos.
With a robust background in analyzing RF Signals fundamental, Miedo excels in identifying factors such as noise floor, interference, signaling, man-made obstructions, vegetation, actual RF survey indoor and outdoor and other elements that may affect RF signals from a wireless perspective.
Having served as an RF Engineer for Mesh WiFi Network Outdoor, Miedo specialized in system wireless connectivity from one radio to the network in Roaming WiFi capabilities on a dual Router system to ensure optimal performance latency and quality of the network minimum requirments for network efficiency to perform what is needed. He can optimized and trouble the network remotely and to actual site analysis as well in the field. .
Miedo's proficiency extends to utilizing Network Analyzers, Spectrum Analyzers as the primary tool for precise RF frequency tuning.
Moreover, Miedo has a rich history as an RF field data tester, specializing in 4G LTE and Data collection Drive Tests and Stationary test that involves data throughput speed, on embedded, mobile hotspot, and usb tethering for networks such as Verizon, T-Mobile, At&t and Sprint and Clearwire Network. With various cellphones or other mobile devices as modem/router from Samsung,Motorola,LG and Google phones.
Miedo's expertise also encompasses Reverse Engineering of GE MRI body coils, demonstrating exceptional problem-solving skills even without schematics diagrams and down to components replacements and installation or soldering.
Furthermore, Miedo is proficient in utilizing advanced equipment such as the BTS Master MT8222B (Anritsu) Spectrum Analyzer for RF optimization transmission coaxial cable PIM troubleshooting, showcasing a comprehensive understanding of cutting-edge technology in the field.

Education:
Bachelor of Science in Electronics and Communications Engineer from University of San Carlos

Skills:

Electrical Engineering
Transmission
Telecommunication
Data Collection
4G/LTE
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
Troubleshooting
Driving
Customer Service
Microsoft Office
Service Technician Experience
Electrical Experience
Time Management
Schematics
Security System Experience
Test Cases
5G NR FR1 FR2
Word processing
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Outlook
Assembly
Firmware
Document management systems.
Test automation.
English
Manufacturing
Software Testing
Mobile Phone Field Tester (5 years)
TCP/IP
Mesh and Field Area Network (FAN) (1 year)
QXDM (5 years)
ELT (1 year)
Samsung Google Motorola Mobile Devices (5 years)
Mesh Network FAN Optimization (1 year)
Quick Learner with common sense skills (10+ years)
Tera Term (1 year)
PuTTY (1 year)
Platform tools (1 year)
Bug2Go. Silent Log (3 years)

Professional Experience:
ArcLight Wireless, Inc. - Irvine, CA January 2023 to Present
Field Test QC Engineer Motorola
Field testing meanly on Motorola Cell phones and other mobile modem routers devices with a live network (Verizon and T-Mo)
DFIT (Domestic Field Interoperability Testing), In mobile drive testing and stationary situation in different
test cases to evaluate network and device signal performance for both data and voice or combine test cases, with a reliable reference device use as a comparison to determine both results from the DUT (Device Under Test). Mainly on data testing results refer on throughput speed that involves testing on Mobile Hot spot, Embedded apps, and USB tethering (NR or LTE) and voice on sound quality and failure on network connectivity while on drive testing over VoNR or VoLTE. Taking logs from QXDM tools or ELT depending on the chip set manufacturing. Samsung Phone pruning using QXDM PCAT.
Using XCEL formatted tables from the R&D to record in data collected from the field testing for reporting, in which the main tools used for speed test is from Ookla apps. Software installations or flashing on device may vary on the test cases and hardware versions requirements. With my previous experience with BTI solutions testing on Samsung and Google phones making this job much more comfortable in execution of the test cases which more familiar testing modem, hardware, data collections and troubleshooting in the field for NR either FR1 or FR2 and VoLTE as well. Including wireless sniffers using cellphones with preprogrammed python automation commands.
ESim activation and MHS sniffers on mobile phones with preprogrammed python commands.

Chargie EV - Los Angeles, CA September 2022 to October 2022
NOC Field Engineer
QA and troubleshooting on WiFi Network for EV (Electric Vehicle) charger on a Smart Meter from the Gateway (Digi Router SIM/eSIM (Cradle Point) /Modem/Switch) (TP-Link Access Point) down to the individual Charging Stations (Chargie Smart Meter) wireless connected over IP integration connectivity Alarm clearing as daily routine from Jira / Zoho Desk ticketing system with site analysis Root Cause
Analysis and Root Cause Solution as a daily troubleshooting routine
Site verification on Octopus Signal KPI's meter from a 4G 0r 5G cellular signal (RSRP & RSRQ Levels) survey and testing to determine the best signal to be recommended for SIM/eSIM card purposes.
IP configurations with the site remote mobile (GW) gateway and (AP) access points for network connections for identifications and system registration over IP, Network either single AP design or
Multiple AP or converting the client charger to a Gateway with a special feature on adding SIM/eSIM card slot to itself with the same firmware loaded on it as categorize as RFID gateway.
Firmware flashing with pre_program Python scripting language on each EV charger units (Smart Meter) and to be tested in the live network for connectivity for basic data with functionality test.
To verify, validation and testing before sending it out to the field for installations. Using Omada as network monitoring tools to check connectivity and status on each smart meter stations, including gateways as well.

PG& E National Energy Group – California January 2022 to July 2022
Field Access Network Optimization Engineer
RF Engineer for Mesh WiFi Network Outdoor on a dual Router system in a radio co - existence design, radio tuning, and optimization between 5.8 Ghz and 2.4 Ghz TropOS Radio ABB/Hitachi product for outdoor design on monitoring Electrical assets in a remote purpose for smart meter, electrical transmission and distribution switches, capacitor banks and all other assets connected from SCADA system.
Planning and Design Mesh Network includes Google Earth Pro radio link analysis from a gateway either a Fiber feed or Cellular Remote gateway design. Cluster analysis design to be able to meet KPI's needed for the Mesh network.
Optimizing the Mesh network base on KPI's minimum requirments that's involve radio channels channels configurations and strategic assignments in order to have appropriate links and connectivity route with very good clustering effects for a solid Mesh configuration between the frequency assignment on 5.8 & 2.4 Ghz band.
It's a hybrid position, 25% field jobs that involves RF site survey, Empirical testing if needed, verify and recommend installation antenna orientation and location that would be free from GO95 safety evaluation check before and after asset installations. Design verification on actual location for RF environment properties.
Optimize the network according to 4 major KPI's such as Latency, Packet loss, DL and UL throughput in order to make it Telecom ready for migrating assets from SCADA system. Some training for Signal Pro EDX design tool and I also try to introduce The ArcGIs Earth as extra design tools for RF coverage. My area is from Bakersfield up to Monterey Bay and all in between cities from that.
Daily meeting when working at home thru Microsoft or Zoom applications covered 75% as Hybrid worker. Coordinates inter departments personnel from the remote meeting following up emails and all other forms communication with the company allowed for communicating. Using SuprOs software on monitoring and optimizing the Mesh Network. Creating KMZ files from Xcel CSV data from my made design including radio links, path analysis and securing coverage Mesh area for strong clustering ideas. Analysing RF environments than could alter the RF signals such noise floor, interference, manmade obstructions, vegetation and other that could have cluttering effects on the RF signal at the RF wireless prospective.

BTI Solutions Inc. - Irvine, CA August 2020 to August 2021
Mobile Devices QA Field Engineers Samsung Google
RF field tester for newly design 5G Cellphone untested at the field, android phone which is not available in the market yet. Debugging on the latest software through the required test cases on a live cell site network in silent log mode, radio functionality, sanity, automatic features and stress testing on various devices for quality assurance purposes . Be able to flash software / binaries on latest software version that is required for testing from FTP server, coordinates and communicate on daily bases with the team lead for the required test cases in both drive testing and stationary situations.
Doing multiple phones for testing to compare results on each test cases that involved maximum throughputs reading UDP and TCP settings, RFL counts, handover, attached and detached to the network mode which includes data speed, voice quality and others messaging services through stationery and drive testing scenarios on a 5G NR (FR1, FR2) NSA SA 4G, VoLTE, CDMA, GSM, WCDMA and LTE Band network.
Important reports would be submitted on a failed test cases on phone crushes to improve the software design through PLM. Secure phone physical design, hardware, and software information. Using Telecommunications tools for testing like Qualcomm tools QPST, QXDM for log collection. Thor server for network throughout testing on a live network to monitored with precision at UDP, TCP, FTP and HTTP settings for the required test type. Angry GPS testing and all other applications to test live networks for location verification testing from the engineering software version. Test case like Sanity, DFIT, Stress test, drive test and all other are applicable to all Wireless provider from AT&t, VRZ and TMobile.

Southwest Medical Resources Inc. - Ontario, CA March 2015 to July 2020
MRI Body Coil RF Biomedical Engr / Tech
Reverse Engineering on GE MRI body coils without a schematics diagram. Down to board level and components repair and troubleshooting which includes basic mechanical parts to assemble.
Using Network Analyzer as main tools for RF tuning to a precise frequency as need to align with the working frequency that varies from .2T, .7T, 1T. 1.5T and 3.T MRI scanners and common basic electronics tools like Digital Multi Tester, Digital Power Supply and most basic hand tools as well for mechanical assembly S parameters RF levels adjustments and circuit components tuning and electronic testing with network analyzer on smith chart impedance load matching and maximizing load power transfer, minimizing resistance values, improve phase delay and SWR values . MRI actual coil testing on SNR levels on Axial, Coronal and Sagital images. Basic tools and small power tools for disassemble which mechanical and electrical components. Understand the circuit design and tracing capabilities without the circuit diagram which includes replacing components on the circuit board with manual soldering and test the finished product after repair or modifications as needed.

ThruNorthe - Los Angeles, CA January 2015 to February 2015
Tiger Team Lead Man
Testing & Repair AT&T Project (Telecom Contractor) Southern California TruNorthe Clear Cell Site all present alarms from the RBS faults up to the RF antenna system. Troubleshooting on RF Cables with PIM and Site Master Sweep testing for RSSI and VSWR problems Troubleshooting on RBS equipment’s and interface link with alarms clearing WAR ROOM Coordination at e-UTRAN support
AT&T site smart login, pictures and excel daily reporting.

SIM / Corrections.com February 2014 to July 2014
RF Optimization Engineer
RF measurements on power, sensitivity, quality testing and propagation field check with DAS on MAS coverage area for operation and maintenance with system health and network performance RF RSSI data collection all possible Telco signals for benchmark data on the covered area as reference
Drive testing with PCTel SeeGull test kit for data collection for the needed baseline and modified results to determine the network status on L3 and L2 data messages for CDMA and LTE signals CW @ RSSI 200 KHz data collection, GSM Blind Scan for Channel & BSIC detection data collection,
UMTS Blind Scan for Channel and PN data collection, Spectrum Analysis on signal present on area of responsibility. Scan all other data needed all for mapping and plotting to integrate with GIS tool.
Analyzed data collected from drive and walk testing for bleeding or overlap propagation on public places or area in which the signal is prohibited. Create analysis test reports gather from the field test and give recommendations how to modify and improve the RF propagation after problems identification during the field test.
BTS Master MT8222B (Anritsu) Spectrum Analyzer for RF optimization, CW verification for MAS on DAS (GSM, CDMA, EVDO,1XRTT, UMTS, LTE) RSSI level monitoring for MAS system and MACRO signal differential Solid Technologies DAS equipment integration and commissioning with power level adjustments as needed for RF optimization power settings (dBm or dB)
RF tuning with antenna tilt adjustments both mechanical, (RET) electrical as base on RSSI data collected and verified on site. Modify hardware attenuation in order to get the desired attenuation level needed based on the drive test result and redesign propagation and link budget due to adjustments needed
Alarm troubleshooting on both SW and HW ROU swap (Alliance and Titan ROU's) and checked linked budget design, propagation design and power supply site design for verification IP Access 239B nano3G UMTS radio commissioning, integration and installation (Femto Cell) into the system modem and router unit for testing both hardware and software configurations and verification with addresses
Call testing on all possible Telco's on service within the area covered for data, voice and text messages
EVDO, 1XRTT, GSM, UMTS, CDMA, LTE for field data test levels and actual value when it failed.
System evaluation and test validation with fine tuning base on field data testing results from drive testing, power meters and various UE's each generation results. Ability to identify issues and report to the RAN for better faster debugging actions to be implemented
Validation and Testing procedures for final acceptance that includes site inventory data collection in all hardware installed inside and outside of each site DAS head ends cabinet, router, switches, power supplies, cables and radios, RF transmission up to the Antenna.

TEKsystem - Irvine, CA October 2013 to November 2013
DAS Technician Installer
Cabling: Coaxial & Fiber installation based on floor plan blue print drawing with ROU installation location Site survey for location verification based on blue print design, basic scooping and material inventory check before the initial cable run and installation.

Mobile Net Services - Irvine, CA January 2013 to June 2013
RF Engineer
RF 3G CDMA Scripting Engineer
BTS to RBS migration scripts: CACP & CPS Ericsson Scripting CDMA Software
Test Frequency Scripts
Commercial Voice Scripts
Commercial Voice/ Daisy Chaining DOM Scripts for IP assignment modifications
CIQ Cell site design data base (Excel spread sheet), Templates data source for design information on each cell site on both data and voice
Test Frequency Scripts: Supply Test Frequency Scripts to bring RBS in service using the standard processes.
Commercial Voice Scripts: Supply BSSM scripts migrating commercial voice channels from Legacy
Metrocell to Ericsson RBS using the standard processes.
Commercial Voice/ Daisy Chaining DOM
BSSM Scripts migrating Commercial Voice channels to RBS and Configuring Ethernet on Legacy Metrocell
CPS Scripts for each EVDO Channel converting backhaul to Daisy-Chain. - EEGS on Metrocell
BSSM and CPS Scripts to enable EEGS Solution on Metrocell. - Any new 3G/EVDO configuration based on the requirements,
Post-Cut parameter update and site troubleshooting support.
Provide 24x7 Support and Troubleshoot any 3G Scripting related issue with the on field teams.
RF field data tester 4G LTE / Data collection Drive Test / Sprint and Clearwire Network 2.5
Perform data collection RF Drive Test activities on pre-defined sites within a specific geographic area to gather data for KPI status verification and analyze results with recommendation if needed for improvements based on the log-files of L2 and L3 messages
Using Qualcomm Test kits for 4G network for RSSI,RSRP,RSRQ data rate test
Site shakedown with soft and hard handoffs data test needed as follows:
*RTT (Returned Time Test) also called {Ping Test}
*System connectivity { random scripted test at QXDM} IRAT and RAT HO
*Site per sector PCI performance test { Packet Down Load & Packet Up Load}
*Software Testing tools used:
QPST,WireShark, Delorme Street Atlas mapping & Filezilla FTP server
*LG 4G Test phone settings required at field test debugging mode iDAS Walk Test cell site - AT&T Network
JDSU test kit - Walk data collection on LTE based on floor plan route with UE's and scanner kit by floors on Las Vegas major hotels and casinos
TEMS test kit
Basic kit connections for high band and low band UE's set up to the scanner and laptop

Samsung,LG DUT Phone Debug settings procedure as network requires For live testing and system program test per sector

Mycom North America California,(SE United States) Markets November 2010 to January 2013
Field Engineer I
2G GSM, 3G WCDMA & 4G LTE Cellsite equipments Integration and Commissioning
Integrate Ericsson 4G LTE equipment DUL LTE RBS 6601 and 3G WCDMA DUW30 to DAS system
Troubleshooting on Uplink and Downlink RF cables on RSSI levels with PIM testing and Site Master sweeping
Olympic Stadium, Home Depot Center, UCLA, USC, at&t store and hotels
Coordination with Switch support for proper activation, (at&t MPC MIC TIER III and MYCOM NIC supports)
RF Jumpers (Coax Cable) and, LMR cable modification if needed in testing and troubleshooting with Site Master Sweep and PIM testing
GSM 2206 Cabinets Complete New Site Installation
Commissioning and Integration, Reconfiguration base on RFDS data sheet and fault clearing on both GSM 1900 & 850
Moving RF Jumpers (Coax cable), LMR E911 cables, T1 interface cables, DC power cables with the modifications and reconfigurations requirement
E911 Test call for new GSM site build
Level 1 & 2 tester and trouble shooter for T1 extension for Node B (UMTS) both fiber and microwave connectivity with basic system architecture theory
Site survey includes measurements and hardware installation, scooping and evaluation report for new equipment allocation area for electrical and fiber optics cabling
Basic construction installation job running fiber cables, electrical cable and conduit pipes

Datalogix Texas - Los Angeles, CA July 2012 to September 2012
Project Manager Training
Daily planning in field scheduling and materials supply monitoring for project implementation.
Monitoring Electrical supplies to update inventory and purchasing plan. CM responsibilities like site survey on materials installed and site quality check on hardware installation inside and outside cell site. Check inventory part number list on each hardware installed on site by proper connections and installations quality
Attend daily bridge conference meeting for project progress report
Coordination with Field Engineers and Managers for scheduling and progress report send NTP, Site Scripts, RFDS
Closeout package preparation per site requirements with online Anritsu data sweep report process and cleared quality control reports list (punch list) for site final acceptance
Hold applicant interview
Time sheet approval and verification
T-Mobile Macro Sites completed - 20 Sites completed

Champion Sidecars Inc - Garden Grove, CA March 2003 to November 2010
Manager Production Quality Control Shipping
Performed Quality Control check for the finished product before shipping out includes electronics, electrical and paint job
Product monitoring along the production line for possible delays and problem to the weekly schedule requirements
Attended daily meeting for production updates and possible problems which cause delays
Daily reporting on issues that might affect the production line and shipping schedule
Daily shipping activity for using UPS Worldship software, DHL and FedEX online shipping system
Invented company daily product station process report sheet with time and progress status as well as inventory supply monitoring
Costumer service as needed
LTL weekly operations, scheduling and shipping
Driver as needed for operational company support
In house computer and network Engineer technician

RNE Alcatel – Philippines October 2002 to November 2002
RF Surveyor Engineer
To identify 3 cell rings candidates for tower location based on the RF Engineering map study within the range of the required RF plan, elevation and geographical situation needed.
Provide data needed of the selected area with the GPS precise coordinates and Panoramic Views

Lucent Technologies – Philippines January 2001 to May 2001
RF Transmission Survey Engineer
RF surveyor for tower location within the Municipal Building or Properties
Map study on strategic backhaul connectivity of the system
Basic data entry on Path Loss 5 on coordinates, tower and antenna height and possible man made objects and or any environmental obstructions that would affect the line of site propagation between sites connectivity
Basic scooping study based on the existing floor area layout available for the equipments installation to meet the minimum requirements including tower location and height calculation for RF cables plumbing design

Siemens (ETSI - Philippines) April 1997 to July 1999
Switching Installer
Integration and Commissioning Engineer
DECKLink (RLL) Radio Local LoopInstallation on Switching equipments, MDF frames and cables,
Power supplies with battery rack Blue print check for site preparation, scooping before installing equipments.
Integration and Commissioning on RLL on residential applications

Long, OK October 1991 to December 1994
JR Switchman
Central office switchman for testing and daily routine equipment maintenance and operations
Coordinate with cable splicer with repair/installation for testing, validation and acceptance
Surveyor supervisor for reserved house to house follow up for home service applications and area evaluation survey data report
Indoor and outdoor telephone set installation
Contact this candidate