Arina Baranov
413-***-**** ad507a@r.postjobfree.com Westfield, MA 01085
https://www.linkedin.com/in/arina-baranov/
Senior Software QA Engineer / Test manager
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A results-driven software QA engineer with 10+ years of experience and background in Computer Technologies with expertise in managing challenging projects and in effectively communicating with cross-functional multicultural teams to resolve quality issues. Certified in Software Quality Assurance and Testing, with a passion for delivering high-quality software solutions. Proficient in testing web and desktop applications, testing frontend and backend utilizing SQL scripts and Linux commands. Detail-oriented with a focus on delivering accurate and precise results.

SKILLS
Test management systems: Zephyr for JIRA HP Quality Center Bugzilla TFS TestRail
Project management systems: Jira Azure DevOps Server (TFS)
Relational and no-SQL database platforms: MSSQL Server Oracle MySQL PostgreSQL MongoDB
Technologies/Frameworks: Linux Jenkins GitHub Git SVN JUnit
Web services/API: SoapUI Rest WEB service client Postman
Programming Languages: programming background in C, C++, HTML/CSS, PHP, JavaScript, Python
Other tools: jconsole Putty SecureCRT Fiddler TortoiseSVN SmartSVN
Technical Proficiency: XML JSON logs verification backend and frontend testing SDLC Xpath
Test automation developer tools: Eclipse Selenium
Performance testing: Jmeter

EXPERIENCE
Senior Software QA Engineer
DataForest / Remote Jun 2021 – Feb 2024
Banking. Project: Banknotes and monetary system. Projects in telecommunications domain: BTS (ticketing track system), Itrack (workflow for requests), Sirius (software for managing equipment storage).
●Created test cases, test plans, Release notes in Testopia, created bug reports in Bugzilla, analyzed requirements, led multiple projects simultaneously, released applications in production successfully.
●Performed functional, regression, smoke, E2E testing, and monitored Linux logs in SecureCRT for testing purposes web client-server applications for BTS and Itrack projects and monetary system for foreign banks.
●Developed effective testing strategies, including E2E test strategies covering UAT testing, organized and managed UAT testing with customer business users from finances and infrastructure teams.
●Reduced regression testing time by optimizing, maintaining, and developing an automation testing framework using VBScript in QTP.
●Proficient in Salesforce testing within a dedicated project focused on managing equipment requests, showcasing adeptness in navigating and evaluating Salesforce functionalities. Leveraged extensive experience to ensure thorough testing of Salesforce configurations, workflows, and integrations, contributing to the seamless deployment and operational efficiency of the equipment request management system.
●Set up and improved Agile test processes for Scrum and Kanban projects for more efficient QA processes.
●Analyzed big data migration using SQL queries and Excel PivotTables.
●Demonstrated reliability and commitment by completing high-priority tasks and projects within a tight deadline.
QA Software Engineer
Allvue Systems / USA Oct 2020 – May 2021
Investments domain. Software solutions for the Private Capital and Credit markets
●Designed, maintained, and executed comprehensive functional, performance, security, and other tests across multiple software applications for different clients, ensuring robust and high-quality deliverables.
●Effectively managed concurrent and competing priorities, demonstrating organizational skills and the ability to prioritize tasks according to urgency and importance. Implemented efficient time management strategies to ensure timely completion of projects while maintaining high standards of quality and attention to details.
●Analyzed, documented, and tested requirements for diverse business scenarios to ensure that the software meets the specific demands of various stakeholders while maintaining consistency and reliability.
QA Software Engineer
Innovecs (IronSource) / Israel Dec 2019 – Sep 2020
B2B-solutions in Fin-tech, Cyber-security, Gaming, Ad-tech domain. Business platform application for monetization and distribution, that enables mobile content creators to expand their business within the App Economy.
●Was responsible for testing multiple web applications for in-app bidding including planning, requirements analysis, test design, test execution, defect tracking, reporting, monitoring, and controlling of testing activities.
●Provided engaging and informative demo presentations to business owners and the team, effectively showcasing new features and functionalities of the in-app bidding product.
●Was responsible for setting and improving testing processes on the project to optimize development cycle.
●Created scripts in relational and no-SQL database platforms: PostgreSQL, MongoDB for verification of backend.
●Ensured correct prioritization and timely resolution of the product defects submitted by the team.
Senior Software test engineer / Test manager
Infopulse (BICS) / Belgium Nov 2012 – Nov 2019
Java web applications with complex business rules for telecommunications: SMS – prices storage, PAM – alarms system, billing systems, Capacity tool, RDB.
●Developed SQL queries and scripts in MSSQL Server and Oracle for verification of backend.
●Conducted comprehensive testing of microservices architecture and threaded functionalities at Itrack project to verify correctness of transported data using XML files.
●Performed Linux commands to connect with servers and track logs to verify and proactively investigate errors and warnings in system logs.
●Coordinated teams from different departments during E2E development by communicating and presenting of test strategy and supporting E2E testing at UAT phase, ensuring productive collaboration between cross-functional teams that facilitated the swift identification and resolution of identified issues.
●Organized and managed UAT during each sprint providing stakeholders with comprehensive insights into the application's functionality and soliciting valuable feedback to ensure that web application follows the requirements, presented demo and supported business users.
●Developed and executed API test cases using SoapUI and REST WEB service client for verification of SOAP, REST web services covering positive and negative test cases, reduced regression testing time by optimizing and governing automated API scripts using SoapUI.

QA Sep 2011 – Nov 2012
The Frayman Group USA. Web application of risk management software for law firms, for resolving conflicts of interests. Legal domain
Software tester Jul 2010 – Sep 2011
RQL Ukraine / Ukraine, Kyiv. Applications for POS terminals. Hardware and software testing
Tester Aug 2009 – Jul 2010
Intenet Invest / Ukraine, Kyiv. Email service testing Mail.ua

EDUCATION
Master of Computer Engineering / System Programming, graduated with honors 2008
National Aviation University, Ukraine, Kyiv
CERTIFICATIONS
ISTQB Certified Tester, Foundation level, iSQI GmbH International Software Quality Institute - Nov 2013
Contact this candidate