Work Experience
Senior QA Engineer (ISTQB Certified)
ad50dt@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****
Dallas, TX, USA
With six years of QA experience, I excel in developing test plans using both manual and automated methods. My hands-on leadership style emphasizes quality progression and attention to detail from the project's inception. I am committed to enhancing testing processes, setting high standards, and facilitating root cause analysis. My strong communication and collaboration skills aid in leading project discussions on testing strategies and defect resolution. As a leader, I guide QA engineers, liaise with developers, analyze product requirements, and promote a quality-focused mindset. I successfully migrated our QA automation process from UFT to Selenium using Java and TestNG, resulting in an efficient regression test suite that ensures product quality. Krishna Krishnaprasad
QA Engineer
T-Mobile Dallas
-
Quickly learned new domain and business processes, demonstrating productivity in efficiently performing end to end testing Quickly acquainted with QA teams and cross-functional teams, actively seeking knowledge exchange to enhance understanding and effectiveness in the role
Applied the acquired knowledge in generation of test data and coordinated with developers in testing Worked with the frontend team to perform extensive API, backend, and SQL testing to enhance software system reliability. Executed automated test scripts developed in Tosca to streamline the creation of test data, thereby bolstering support for end to end testing processes
Leveraged QTest for efficient test management and execution Showcased adeptness in crafting test cases and overseeing the ticket lifecycle utilizing JIRA. Feb 2024 Mar 2024
Lead QA Analyst
AECON Toronto
-
Analyzed business requirements and acceptance criteria to craft and implement effective test plans and test cases, resulting in the delivery of high-standard software applications. Led geographically distributed QA teams of vendors and contractors. Collaborated with product managers to plan and scope user stories. Demonstrated flexibility in managing multiple QA project's, effectively prioritizing tasks to meet strict deadlines. Performed risk assessment and defined project objectives with stakeholders for each software release cycle. Demonstrated proficiency in preparing reports through creation of detailed analyses and summaries of testing results. Facilitated Agile Scrum ceremonies, emphasizing demo and retrospective meetings to enhance sprint execution strategies. Took initiative to share knowledge across other QA teams and influenced them to follow our best practices Developed a comprehensive execution plan to improve the efficiency of QA processes and procedures Led the design of a test automation framework using Selenium, Java, and TestNG, and developed automation test scripts. Using Swagger, I scrutinized API docs, validated endpoint behavior, and developed automated scripts for API testing with Postman and RestAssured.
Researched automation tools and frameworks and proposed a suitable framework align with the company roadmap. Promoted quality assurance integration in all projects stages, reducing bugs by approximately 20%. Performed cross-platform user experience and accessibility testing to validate products and ensured WCAG compliance. Demonstrated cross-functional skills through effective communication and teamwork, ensuring successful project outcomes. Boosted best practices adherence by 20% via stringent code management and review processes. Exhibited problem solving through effective troubleshooting of production bugs. Displayed adeptness in adapting and optimizing procedures within a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Utilized sound judgment in determining the severity and impact of software defects, effectively prioritizing tasks for the development team.
Mentored junior QA engineers on best practices, enhancing software quality. Oct 2017 Aug 2023
Certificates
Coordinated social events to boost team unity and performance. Core Skills
Manual Testing, Automation Testing, Selenium Webdriver, TestNG, Page Object Modal, Agile Development Methodology, User Acceptance Testing, Exploratory Testing, Regression Testing, Web applications testing, Mobile (iOS, Android) Testing, Black Box Testing, Software Development Lifecycle, Javascript, HTML, CSS, Chrome Developer Tools, User Experience Testing, Business Process Testing, REST API / web services testing, Java, RestAssured, SQL, SAP, Postman, SOAP, Github, Azure DevOps, Swagger, JSON, System Integration Testing, Software QA Methodologies Education
Calicut University
Master of Science Computer Science
ISTQB Certified Tester
Scrum Fundamentals Certified
Contact this candidate