Kalpana Tiwari
Sr Quality Engineer
Tosca Level * & Level 2 Automation Certified
Email: ad5476@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 614-***-**** Over 8 years of experience in Enterprise Software Quality Assurance (QA), automation and manual testing, managing test planning and strategy, Quality Engineering, Mobile App (iOS, Android) and Web Service testing, Salesforce (Exact Target Email & SMS) Mobile and Web Content Management, Back-end job flow testing using ESP scheduler, End to End ETL/Data Warehouse test and development using Informatics and related databased technology.
Work Summary
● 1.5 years as Sr. Quality Engineer, Procare Software, Denver, Colorado
● 6 months as Sr Quality Engineer, Progressive Commercial Insurance
● 2 years as Quality Engineer – Automation Engineer – Nationwide Insurance (Smart-Ride / Smart-Mile Telematics program)
● 1.5 Years as QA Analyst for Nationwide.com, Web Content Management, Mobile Web, and Digital Messaging (Email and SMS) at Nationwide Insurance Columbus OH.
● 6 Months State of Ohio ODJF as Web Development Analyst
● 6 Months as QA Analyst and Automation tester for Wendy’s Mobile App (iOS & Android) and Mobile Web
● 1 Year as lead QA Analyst for currency upgrade project using Linux, Oracle, Shell script, Basic Automation using Ruby cucumber, ESP Scheduler at Nationwide Financial Columbus OH Technical Skills Highlights
Methodologies Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
Certification TOSCA Automation AS1 Certified
TOSCA Automation Specialist -AS2 Certified
Operating Systems Mobile iOS/Android, Windows 2000/XP/7, UNIX/Linux, Special Software
and Cloud
BrowserStack, Azure DevOps, HP Quality Center, Jira Middleware RESTful Web Services, SOAP UI Pro Web Service Automation, API Databases/Tool No-SQL Mongo Database, Splunk, Microsoft SQL, JIRA, RRC, RTC Informatica 9.1/8, Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c, TOAD, Postgres, DB2
Languages HTML, SQL, PL/SQL, Ruby, Cucumber,
Software Package Kafka
ADA Accessibility Testing using NVDIA, ChromVox,
Code-Sniffer SalesForce (EaxctTarget – Email & SMS) Splunk (Log Analysis)
Tridion Web Content Management
CA Workstation (ESP Scheduler)
Work Status
● US Citizen
Professional Experience
Sr. Quality Engineer – Procare Software (Denver, CO) 08/2022 - Till date Overview: Procare is developing an innovative platform tailored for childcare centers and early education programs. Procare’s system allows for comprehensive childcare management, including organizing family information, tracking tuition payments, managing child sign-in/sign-out, and monitoring daily activities, etc.
● Verifying functionality on iOS and Android devices, as well as using BrowserStack to test various versions of these operating systems.
● Writing and executing test cases utilizing TestRail to ensure comprehensive coverage and accuracy.
● Testing API calls with Postman to validate integration and performance.
● Participating in weekly refinement meetings to continuously improve the development process. Managing weekly releases to maintain a consistent and efficient deployment schedule.
● Adhering to Agile methodologies to promote collaboration and iterative progress. Sr. Quality Engineer – Progressive Commercial Insurance (Cleveland, OH) 03/2022 to 08/2022:
Overview: Progressive Insurance is building a multi-line quoting platform for commercial lines for Business Owner Policy (BOP) and Business Auto Policy (BAP). The system is unique in its kind as it provides self-service for commercial lines to do online quoting for their business and get a bind-able quote e.g., nail spa, fleet tracking business or other small commercial business.
● The project involves all layers of modern architecture including Web Applications, APIs, and backend database.
● Working with the business leadership team to review requirements and design test suite
● Developing test strategy documentation and review/approval from all stakeholders
● Managing the test scripts, and test execution using Azure DevOps
● Deployment and test execution, end-to-end testing 2
● Restful API testing, Splunk Log Analysis, and Mongo DB query execution and verification
● Running regression test scenarios
● System Configuration and test data management for various business use cases
● Web Services / API automation testing
03/2020 to 03/2022: Quality Engineer – Nationwide Insurance (Columbus, Ohio) Overview: With Auto Insurance becoming more of a commodity, Nationwide is working on a Telematics solution to understand driver behaviors and driving history to better serve the insurance customer. The team is involved in working on Smart Ride and Smart Mile programs where through a mobile app we enroll customers with monitory customer driving history and provide discounts to good drivers.
● Develop Scenarios and features for various key functions e.g. Enrollment Device registration, cancellation, etc
● Developing test strategy documentation and review/approval from stakeholders
● Develop Test plan and execution
● Running regression test scenarios
● Leverage Kafka, and Postgres Database to manage automation and test data.
● System Configuration and test data management for various business use cases
● Vendor Web Services / API automation testing
SQA Analyst – Sedgwick Claims Management (Columbus, Ohio) 06/2019 to 02/2020
Overview: The project involved managing Workers Comp Management Health System which provides care services to injured employees to return to work safely.
● Developing test strategy documentation and review/approval from stakeholders
● Develop Test plan and execution
● Develop requirements management and manage overall product activities.
● System Configuration and test data management for various business use cases
● Performs functional, user experience, Regression, System Integration, User Acceptance 02/2019 to 06/2019 SQA Analyst – Ohio Department of Jobs and Family (ODJFS)
(Columbus, Ohio)
Overview: The project involves providing support for a support portal for workforce development, training and certification, carrier developments as part of the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services Ohio State.
● Analyze requirements carefully against the business use cases and review with all stakeholders for completeness and approval
● Developing test strategy documentation and review/approval from stakeholders
● System Configuration and test data management for various business use cases
● Performs functional, user experience, Regression, System Integration, User Acceptance
● Performs SOAP/RESTful Web Services automation testing using SOAPUI Pro
● Builds the XML and JSON request payload for RESTFul Web Services and testing, verification of web service response
● Manage production releases, verification, and communication with stakeholders 3 SQA Lead – Nationwide Insurance, Web Content Management & Digital Messaging - 10/2017 to 02/2019
Overview: The project involves building a Responsive Web Design for Nationwide.com using Tridion Web Content Management Solution. Build and support test automation suite, Building Responsive Web Design using content management design templates.
● Perform usability and digital content testing in various browsers and operating systems, mobile devices.
● Adopt Poly skilling culture at Nationwide, manage requirement gathering sessions and document requirements in tool (RRC & RTC)
● Manage three amigos, show & tell, test plan, and execution of scenarios
● Perform Customer authentication and key Policy Management function testing on Web
● Perform accessibility testing (ADA) using NVIDIA, ChromVox and Code-Sniffer tools
● Build and Design Component and Page Template and content publishing
● Lead business and user testing for Nationwide Mobile and Web testing
● Manage production releases, verification, and communication with stakeholders
● Additional responsibilities involve Email Template testing using Out Bound Messaging (OMS) and Salesforce (Exact Target) for National Billing Platform, Promise 2020, CLT Digital Direct and Smart-Miles Projects
06/2017 to 10/2017 SQA Analyst/POS Wendy’s – (Dublin OH) Overview: The project involves build deployment and testing of Wendy’s Mobile App (Point of Sale) and Mobile Web for Wendy’s Customer to place online orders, Menu selection, and online payment using various payment methods such as Credit Card, Debit Card, and Gift Card. Find the nearest Wendy’s restaurant using Google Maps.
● Understanding the requirement and developing test plans and test scenarios using Practitest
● Wendy’s App testing in various Mobile Devices and form factors
● Building a dependency matrix for each application component so that end-to-end dependency can be identified
● Writing Ruby Cucumber scripts that support the behavior-driven development (BDD) Framework.
● Used Ruby Scripting Framework to Automate Functional and Regression Testing.
● Performing Functional and Non-Functional testing on various Mobile Devices and form-factor
● Using JIRA for defect tracking and defect workflow management
● Conducts variance management by analyzing and verifying test results, providing status and progress reports
Environment: Oracle 11g, Toad, Practitest, Ruby Cucumber, Google Map, Mobile App (iOS, Android) 04/2016 to 04/2017 SQA Project Analyst/Tester : Nationwide Financial –
(Columbus OH)
4
Overview: The project involves migration of Nationwide Financial business applications and database Currency from UNIX to Linux and Oracle database from 11g to 12c. There are 12 applications being migrated including backend applications, databased and end-to-end testing, and migration of data. Staging test data for quarterly statement processing and running the end-to-end statement flow. Working with the retirement plan pension team for end-to-end testing and data flow.
● Developing test strategy documentation and getting review/approval from stakeholders
● Building a dependency matrix for each application component so that end-to-end dependency can be identified for smooth migration without blockers.
● Experience in writing automated acceptance tests in a behavior-driven development (BDD) style.
● Writing Ruby Cucumber scripts that support the BDD Framework.
● Used Ruby Scripting Framework to Automate Functional and Regression Testing.
● Automation of test scripts using Ruby to compare database tables, and DB objects to compare existing and newly migrated databases.
● Building test suite for application and review of the regression test suite.
● Review of Unix shell scripts, ESP Jobs, and database migration and performing impact analysis.
● Performs functional, Regression, System Integration, User Acceptance
● Coordination with external team’s test leads for dependencies and execution of test cases and managing decencies.
● Performance and non-functional testing
● Used SQL for fetching the data from the database using SQL queries, complex query join for relational data
● Tracks defects and life cycle management in the Quality center
● Identify gaps early and highlight them so that we catch gap early in the process and avoid rework later, saving cost
Environment: SQL, Oracle 11g/12c, Toad, Quality Control, Ruby Cucumber, Ruby Gems: active-record, net-ssh, net-scp, rspec, Unix/Linux, ESP, Informatica ETL
● TOSCA Level 1 and 2 Automation Certification
● Bachelor of Science,. University of Kanpur, India – 2000
● SQL, PL/SQL, Informatica,Oracle Database training
Contact this candidate