551-***-**** (Cell)
E-mail: ad557n@r.postjobfree.com
Mechanicsburg, PA

MIHIR BOMMISETTY

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Lives in Mechanicsburg, available for coming in person to the office.
More than 3 years of experience of in Information Technology
1+ year of experience as DEVELOPER with customer interaction and bug resolving.
Simultaneous testing experience in the field of software development as QA ENGINEER for 2+ years.
Manual/Automated testing skills using Waterfall/Agile software methodologies including 3 years of IT experience.
Involved in testing of Client/Server, web and client applications, CRM development and testing phases.
Experienced in Interface or API testing with Postman, SOAP, RESTFUL APIs.
Good knowledge in creating, modifying, and redefining existing manual testcases.
Worked on E-commerce applications, ERP applications such as M2M application and supply chain management.
Worked in testing concepts like web-based applications, Functional and User Acceptance testing.
Experienced in Bug tracking tools like JIRA, Azure applications.
Actively interacted with business analysts, developers, technical support teams and dealing with the requirements to make the deliveries on time.
Experience in developing SQL Queries, Implementing new features to the product and SQL queries for backend testing.
Experience in testing applications from JAVA platform.

Technical Skills:

Operating Systems : windows 95, 98, XP/2000/MS-DOS, UNIX
Languages : C, CPP, C#, JAVA
GUI : VB6.0
ERP : Mainframes, SAP
Databases : Oracle10, DB Visualizer, MYSQL, Postgres
Web Technologies : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, VB.Net, ASP.Net, XML
Package : MS-Office
Testing Tools : JIRA, ALM, Selenium-Web-Driver, Cypress, Rally

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
June 2023 – Present: QA Engineer
Project Title: Pennsylvania Child Support Enforcement System (PACSES)
Responsibility:
Requirement Analysis
Writing Testcases on change request
Manual testing of applications
Defect logging and reporting
Performed Functionality, Regression and UAT Testing.
Good experience in Waterfall methodology
Automated the process for repeated regression testing using scripts.
Prepared test plans, Test cases in MS-Excel and MS-Word
Involved in Functional, Unit, Integration, Regression testing, Load Testing & negative Testing.
Part of Project design review meetings to ensure all the requirements are fulfilled.
Active part of quick fixes of bugs for the post completion & implementation of project.
Worked actively with development team to resolve the defects.
Participated in status review meetings regularly.

Aug’ 2020 – Aug’ 2022: Software Developer
Project Title: Made2Manage
Responsibility:
Analyzing the Cobol code & developing the Open systems code to enhance the functionality of the logic without breaking the system functionality.
Worked on Case Intake & Case Management track in modules like DL&I, Quarterly wage, Enforcement modules.
Created Unit test for the tasks to test the implementation using SQL.
Developed SQL scripts to generate reports that has DL&I response data.
Developed batch Programs using MVC framework, tested the applications code during the development.
Writing the Stored functions to deal with the batches of data.
Developed the scripts to integrate the access of products across different screens.
Worked on Enforcement module to handle the data from different departments and to outbound files.
Developed batch programs to load and structure the data into tables for future use.
Maintained the quality of code by attaining 90% by resolving bugs, vulnerabilities, and code smells.
Created database queries including cursors, stored procedures, functions and views as per the requirements.
Been an active part of the team in planning, Integrations, Scrum meetings, retrospectives, and customer support calls.
Part of Project design review meetings to ensure all the requirements are fulfilled.
Active part of quick fixes of bugs for the post completion & implementation of project.
Dealing with the huge data to run across any number of records.

June 2019 – Aug’ 2020: Development Engineer
Project Title: Made2Manage
Responsibility:
Engaged with the development team and dealt with bugs to eliminate blockage to the newer versions of product to release in the timeline.
Interacted with the clients regarding bugs in the product and implemented latest version for them.
Worked as Selenium automation part of the child support regression scripts.
Applied new features that enhanced the product, while working on customer relation module in made 2 manage product.
Worked in Agile (SCRUM), Test Driven software methodology. Has experience in Object oriented Analysis and Development (OOAD).
Tested Customer Relation Module for the product Made2Manage.
Worked with SQL queries, Stored procedures, and its products.
Actively participated in Scrum meets to discuss the process and progress of project and used Azure to track the bugs and client use cases.

Qualification:
MSc/Stevens Institute of Technology
BTech/Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation

Certifications:
RPA, Robotic Process Automation is an automation tool which helps to make the process automated with RE Framework
CSA, Certified System Administrator by Servicenow

Wipro, Certified Java Professional

DBMS, Certification of learning DBMS by Oracle Academy
JAVA, Certification of learning JAVA by Oracle Academy

Research, IRJET Certification for the recognition of the publication of manuscript entitled Disease Detection of Plants
Contact this candidate