Suguna Chandran
Software QA Engineer

Phone 412-***-****

Email ad56xg@r.postjobfree.com

Address Pittsburgh, PA 15057

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Dynamic software tester with 3 years of experience in software testing – Manual & Automation projects. Involved in software testing with key emphasis on Web based applications. Proven expertise in ensuring software reliability and performance by conducting quality assurance and automated testing, including software test case development and execution, implementation of test plans and debugging. Excels at learning new software tools and best practices in software quality assurance.

SKILLS

Languages: Java, SQL, XML, HTML, CSS, JSON, Gherkin
Testing Tools: HP - Quality Center, Selenium WebDriver, Junit, TestNG, Cucumber, Rest-Assured, Restful API, Selenium GRID
Testing Frameworks: POM, BDD, KDF, DDF, Hybrid
Testing Build: Maven
IDE: Eclipse, IntelliJ
Defect Management Tools: Jira
Database: MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL
Version Control System: GIT, GitHub, Bit Bucket
Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile/Scrum
CI/CD: Jenkins
Other Tools: Postman, SOAP UI

EXPERIENCE

AUTOMATION QA ENGINEER — Cognizant Technology Solutions, MP2 PAS - American Automobile Association
October 2011 - October 2013
Test data Preparation, Reviewing requirement documents, Developed and executed test cases and Designed test plans, scenarios, scripts, and procedures
Identifying the Functional and Design use cases to prepare the test scenarios, test cases
Developed testing programs to address database impacts, software scenarios, regression testing, negative testing, error, and bug retests, and usability
Used bug tracking system and report defects to software developers
Planned test schedules or strategies within project scope and delivery dates
Followed existing test cases and created new test cases to support software and APIs
Prepared Test Result Report documents
Analyzing the results and generating the reports
Optimized test cases to maximize success of manual software testing
Created successful test scripts to manage automated feature testing
Developed custom frameworks based on Page Object Model pattern for easy maintenance of automation codebase.
Developed and implemented Selenium test Automation Framework to facilitate scripting, scalability, modularity, process definition, reusability, maintenance and reduced costs
And control sequence of execution and construct data driven tests
Collaborated with QA team to software quality through manual and automated testing
Operated under Agile and Scrum frameworks to complete releases and well-organized sprints
Developed automated test scripts to validate system functionality and performance using Java, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, and TestNG.
Used JIRA to track software development life cycle processes.
Performed API testing using Postman, SoapUI and Rest Assured.
Configured Jenkins jobs to run automated regression suites on a nightly basis.
Maintained version control system such as GitLab and GitHub for source code management purposes.
QA ANALYST — Pepsico - Pepsico Project Renew
January 2011 - August 2011
Manual Software Testing with OSP(Oracle solution practice) Application
Reviewed product designs and specifications to ensure they meet customer needs and industry standards.
Reviewing requirement documents
Identifying the Functional and Design use cases to prepare the test scenarios, test cases
Performed smoke testing, Functional Testing, regression testing and defect tracking in QC
Prepared Test Result Report documents
Analyzing the results and generating the reports.
Reported progress updates regularly during sprints and releases cycles for stakeholders visibility.
Performed manual testing as well as automated testing using Selenium WebDriver.

BUSINESS EXECUTIVE – LVB
April 2014 - July 2017

EDUCATION

GCP CLOUD ENGINEER BOOTCAMP
— UpGrad Global Academy, Pittsburgh, PA, Sep 2023
MCA
— Muthayammal Engineering College, Anna University
Tamil Nadu, India, Jun 2010
BSC IN COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY
— Sona College of Technology, Anna University
India, Jun 2007

CERTIFICATIONS

ISTQB –ISEB Certified Tester Foundation Level(CTFL)
OCJP External Certification
Received client appreciation for significant quality assurance deliverables in ‘PAS auto program.
Google Associate Cloud Engineer

LANGUAGES

English
Fluent

Tamil
Fluent

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

QA FREELANCER- APPAREL SPORTS WEAR — Functional Testing, Testcase Execution
India, May 2017 – July 2019
Assisted clients in achieving goals using collaborative processes and expert industry knowledge.
Managed and coordinated project timelines.
Provided excellent customer service through prompt response time and follow up communications.
Performed quality assurance testing on software applications prior to release.
Applied problem-solving techniques to address customer inquiries and resolve issues promptly.
Wrote reviews of sporting events for online publications.
Contact this candidate