Priyanka Joshi
South Plainfield
NJ *****
732-***-**** ad58oy@r.postjobfree.com Professional Experience:
● 4+ years of relevant experience as a QA Automation Engineer in Web Applications including Manual and Automation Testing with emphasis on Black Box, White Box, Functional, Unit, System, Integration and Regression Testing, GUI testing, Retesting.
●Strong knowledge with all phases of Software Test Life Cycle (STLC), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with proficiency in Test case and Test Scenarios Creation, Test Execution and Bug Reporting and Tracking.
●Experienced in using Test Management and bug reporting tools like Jira and BugZilla.
●Worked on Agile as well as Waterfall environments.
●Well versed in Page Object Model (POM) and Data driven Model (DDM) for test maintenance.
●Hands-on experience using Openpyxl to implement Data driven Testing and Page Object Model (POM).
●Experienced in providing the efficient locators strategy like XPath and CSS to run WebDriver script in stable condition.
●Extensive experience in Automation tools like Selenium WebDriver.
●Experienced in SQA (Software Quality Assurance) including Manual and Automated testing with tools such as Selenium WebDriver/IDE/Grid, Junit/TestNG, JMeter, JIRA.
●Tested API and Web Services using Postman and Rest-Assured.
●Well versed to automate applications using Rest-Assured java based library.
●Worked on Cucumber with Java and developed test scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, Behavioral features and step definitions for BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
●Visual Regression test cases were written and automated using CODED UI.
●Proficient in writing and executing SQL queries to perform Data Validation and Back end testing of databases to check the integrity of data.
●Hands-on experience with database testing including data verification, validation.
●Good communication skills, attention to details, eager to learn new things and adapt to changes quickly.
Technical Skills:
Programming Skills: Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JSON
Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver/IDE/RC, Cucumber, SOAP, SOAP UI, XPath,
REST, RESTAssured

Test Framework: Junit, TestNG, Data Driven Framework
IDE & Build Tools: Eclipse, Maven, VS code
Continuous Integration Tools: Jenkins, Hudson, TFS
Bug Tracking Tools: Jira, Bugzilla
Source Version Control Tool: Git, BitBucket, TFS
Databases: SQL Server, MS Access, Oracle, MySQL
Operating Systems: Windows, IOS, LINUX

EDUCATION:
● MS in Computer Science University of Illinois, Springfield Graduated May 2017 ● Bachelors of Electronics and Telecommunication Pune University May 2012
Fiserv, Berkeley Heights, NJ
March 2023 - November 2023
Sr. QA Automation Engineer
Description: Fiserv is a global fintech and payments company with solutions for banking, global commerce, merchant acquiring, billing and payments, and point-of-sale.
Responsibilities:
●Revamped the already existing framework for UI automation to achieve effective execution of automation.
●Developed tests to validate responses to valid as well as invalid scenarios using Page Object Model using Selenium webdriver.
●Used test scenarios to perform regression testing.
●Created a postman collection for newly developed products APIs which covered functional testing as well as regression testing.
●Automated and tested 100+ API’s by creating positive and negative test cases.
●Familiar with Kubectl commands to check logs and pods status.
●Worked in an Agile environment.
●Familiar with cloud base repository Github.
●Experience in using Jira, creating defects and stories.
ADP, Parsippany, NJ
September 2022 - February 2023
Sr. QA Automation Engineer
Description: ADP is a comprehensive global provider of cloud base human capital management that unites payroll, HR, tax, benefits administration and business outsourcing services.
Responsibilities:
●Automated API including handling of Bearer Token for basic authorization.
●Updated the framework with helper methods while developing Rest API automation scripts.
●Used automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using Selenium IDE.
●Created ad-hoc Regression Suites for companies' various features.
●Developed Positive and Negative test cases and executed test cases using Cucumber framework.
●Used Postman API to get a convenient, visual display of query results.
●Created automated script for REST-API testing using Rest Assured framework.
●Automated newly developed feature using XPATH to locate the web element in various features of the ADP application.
●Developed and maintained test cases in both lower environments as well as Production environments.
●Worked on Agile as well as Waterfall environments.
●Extensive experience in Automation tools like Selenium WebDriver.
●Experience in Automating, Configuring instances on AWS also familiar with EC2, cloudwatch services.
●Used S3 bucket for storage and backup on AWS.
Tekmark Consultancy (Motorola), Chicago, IL
November 2017 - October 2018
QA Tester
Description: Motorola is a mobile manufactured with the goal to design, create and deliver purposeful innovations to people across the globe. Motorola strives to provide innovative mobile phones and services to make everyday life easy and enjoyable.
Responsibilities:
●Manual and Automation Testing with emphasis on Black Box, White Box, Functional, Unit, System, Integration and Regression Testing, GUI testing, Retesting.
●Experience in using Test Management and bug reporting tools like Jira.
●Created automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber.
●Utilized Maven to manage dependencies for test execution, plug-ins and created profiles of grouped test cases to run sanity and regression testing.
●Created automation test scripts using data driven framework and Page Object Model to test the web applications using Selenium WebDriver with Java and Maven.
●Automated testing of RESTful web services using REST Assured in Java.
●Handled different authentication modes like OAuth and cookie based authentication.
●Tested API and Web Services using Postman and Rest-Assured.
●Assisted in setting up a continuous integration (CI) system using Jenkins.
●Working knowledge with cloud-based code repository systems like GitHub.
●Used SQL command to retrieve and manipulate data from the server.
Technologies Used: Java RestAssured, Postman, Selenium, Maven, Cucumber, Jenkins and Github
Hoopz Planet Info Pvt. Ltd., India
August 2012 - June 2014
Description: Hoopz Planet Info Pvt. Ltd. provides contextual digital marketing solutions. The Company offers solutions that enable auto discovery of information and content like blogs, web, articles, news, books, music, audio, video, maps, recommendations, experiences, and ratings.
Responsibilities:
● Automated testing of site using Selenium
● Manual API testing of backend services
● Manual testing of Android app
● Opening and tracking bugs using Jira
Contact this candidate