Shatila Upama
USA Citizen
ad59rj@r.postjobfree.com, 313-***-****
Summary
Over 6 year’s professional experience in testing with extensive knowledge of Software Manual/Automation Framework Design & Implementation using Selenium Tool.
Expert in all areas of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process in both methodologies waterfall and agile.
Good Knowledge in Software Verification and Validation based on Testing Methodology.
Experienced in writing Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Procedures and Test Scripts from Requirements and Use-Cases and executing manual/automation test.
Expertise in performing different types of Testing: Integration, Black Box, Smoke, Functionality, Integration, Stress, Volume, System, Regression Testing and Full Life Cycle Testing.
Experienced in logging defects and assigning the criticality of Defects, Root Cause Analysis, and Bug Verification utilizing HP ALM/Quality Center.
Proficient at creating and executing SQL Queries involving multiple tables using join statements and validated against Web-UI.
Good Knowledge of Object Oriented programming Concepts (OOPS) and Java Skills.
Good experience in creating test scripts using Selenium WebDriver, Selenium-IDE in Java and Mobile Applications.
Experienced in Functional, Regression and System testing using Manual and Automated testing tools - Selenium WebDriver.
Experienced in automating test cases using TestNG Annotations and Data-driven test using Excel.
Good working on Cross browser testing, browsers like Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome using WebDriver.
Experienced with all phases of project in development, testing and deployment and management of enterprise solutions.
Ability to learn & develop using new technologies quickly.
Strong communication, interpersonal and time management skills with good work ethics.

Use various skills such as Database, EO/IR systems, HP Quality Center, AB Testing, Defect Management, Integration, Java, and QA Management for manual testing.

Executed common back-end testing (REST API and Database testing)"

Education:
Bachelor of Computer Information System, Davenport University, MI

Technical Skills:
Testing Tools: Selenium Web Driver, IDE, GRID, Python, UFT, ALM
Build Tool: Ant, Maven
Version Control Systems: SVN, Git
Frameworks/ Open Source: JUnit, TestNG, MVC, Cucumber
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux/Unix
MS Tools: MS Visio, MS Project, MS Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, MS Outlook
Languages: Java, Python, C#, C, C++
Web/Application servers: Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere
Database: SQL Server, MySQL Server, Oracle
IDE: Eclipse

Work Experience:
Wells Fargo Mortgage
Software QA Engineer
Philadelphia, PA Mar 2021 to Present
Responsibilities:

Worked with developers and the testers to verify test cases.
Perform comprehensive manual testing on software applications to identify bugs and defects.
Performed Functional, Negative, Positive, Integration, Regression, End to End and User Acceptance Testing.
Performing API testing by utilizing XML nodes.
Used JIRA for tracking defects and notifying developers.
Involved in querying using SQL and updating records and validate database records as expected.
Involved in executing the SQL Queries for Data Validation, Record Counting and Non-Duplication Testing.
Developed and executed Automation Test Scripts using Selenium and Testing framework.
Setup Selenium GRID to run Selenium scripts on different browsers.
Designed and built automation framework for different web-based software products using Page Object Model (POM) Design to reduce code and for better maintenance.
Developed Hybrid Framework for web automation using Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven.
Implemented Test Automation Framework based on Page Object Model, Java, and Selenium & Testing.
Created and executed multi-action scripts based on test script/scenario flows.
Coordinated user acceptance testing with final users & prepared end user documentation for the new system.
Engaged in Agile ceremonies, including sprint planning meetings, daily stand-ups, and sprint retrospectives. Communicate progress and any impediments to the team.
Participated in Release Review/Requirement Analysis and Design review meetings.

Environment: Selenium Grid, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, TestNG, Maven, Git, Agile, JIRA, MySQL, MS Project, MS Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, MS Outlook, Windows, UNIX.

Andesa Services
Software QA Tester
Allentown, PA Jan 2019 - Feb 2021

Responsibilities:
Participated in analyzing the user/business requirements, functional specifications and use case documents to create the Test Plans and Test cases for System testing.
Involved in analyzing Requirements, System Specifications, Use-Cases and Technical specifications.
Verified the integration of various components in the application and executed end-to-end testing.
Involved in Integration, Functional, Regression, UAT and End-to-End testing.
Performed Test Execution and defect logging and tracking using JIRA.
Performed complex queries for Data validation in SQL statements.
Utilized Selenium automation to create robust and efficient test scripts for web-based applications. Ensure that tests accurately reflect workflow functionalities.
Used Selenium Actions class to handle mouse movements and hover-over actions on Web Elements.
Used firebug to identify object's ids, Name, XPaths, links in the application.
Wrote Selenium script for taking screenshot and also used action class to perform mouse movement.
Involved in Frameworks for Smoke Test and Regression Test using Hybrid Framework.
Facilitated enhancement and maintained the current Test Environment in Eclipse using Java.
Used Java as client library for Selenium WebDriver and developed Automation Framework using Junit.
Identified UI changes and their potential impacts to existing tests.
Tested compatibility of application/site with Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari.
Participated in Daily Scrum meeting, Stand-up meeting, walkthrough meeting, weekly assessment meetings with business analysts and developers.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing).
Participated in Release Review/Requirement Analysis and Design review meetings.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, TestNG,, Ant, SharePoint, JUnit, CSS,, SQL Server, MS Word, Windows, MS Project, Java, Eclipse, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Outlook, Internet Explorer, Safari.

Quicken Loans Inc.
Software QA Tester
Detroit, MI Feb 2017- Dec 2018
Responsibilities:
Supported Senior QA analyst manual tester in the development and execution of QA continuous process.
Wrote and performed test in Java API with RestAssured
Handled responsibilities of Regression testing to ensure efficiency in product delivery.
Involved in preparing Functional/regression Test Scripts in HP ALM under Test Plan and Review Test Requirements.
Developed Test Cases and Performed Manual Testing like Positive Testing, Negative Testing and Black Box Testing.
Recorded User action on GUI using ALM and performed Regression Testing on builds.
Created test cases and test procedures based on Functional Requirement.
Performed Manual Testing on different modules of the application.
Performed Integration, Functional, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Regression, Graphical User-Interface (GUI), End-to-End testing, Cross browsers testing.
Developed test scripts for Functional and Data driven tests using UFT on web based module.
Involved in Manual testing using HP Quality Center to develop test cases, test scripts, executing the scripts and logging into defects.
Tracked, reviewed, analyzed and compared defects using Quality Center.
Executed test cases and verified actual results with expected results,
executed SQL Queries to check the data table updates after test execution.
Validated the Target data with reference to the requirement documents.
Tested application on different web browsers and different platforms for compatibility.
Interacted with developers to resolve the technical issues.
Participated in regular walkthroughs and inspections.
Weekly status meeting with development and management teams.

Environment: Net, Test Foundation Server (TFS), Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), Unified Functional Testing (UFT), HP Quality Center (ALM)
Contact this candidate