Tamer Elsayed
QA Automation Engineer
Contact: 443-***-****
Email: ad5cob@r.postjobfree.com
Legal Status: US Citizen

To achieve a Software QA Analyst/QA Automation Engineer position that allows me to develop and utilize my extensive testing skills and knowledge while applying my experience to solve complex problems in a dynamically challenging environment. I am a fast learner, a problem solver, creative, and confident, I enjoy working and I perform both independently and as part of a team. In my current and former positions, I like to pursue opportunities that allow me to grow as a leader, develop creative project solutions, and contribute to organizational goals.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

o6 years of experience in manual testing experience with expertise in the design, and development of Software Quality Assurance & Test Automation. Excellent skills with Cucumber, TestNG as well as JUnit.
oProficient in Developing & implementing Test Automation Framework (Hybrid Model) using BDD approach, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Page Object Model, and Maven technologies under Java OOPs concepts.
oDeveloped test scripts to implement test cases, test scenarios, and features for BDD, and DDT using Cucumber.
oIn-depth understanding of Object-oriented (OOPS concepts) analysis design.
oAutomated API requests using REST Assured while Executing Test Scripts Over Jenkins.
oExtensive experience in client-server and web-based application testing including API Testing, and manual and automated software testing techniques.
oPerformed Manual and Automated API Testing of REST Endpoints using Swagger and REST Assured via sending requests using HTTP methods. Experience in database testing, manual, and automation using JDBC API.
oProfessional expertise in Smoke Testing, Backend Testing, Frontend Testing, Black-Box Testing, UA Testing, Functional Regression Testing, and Ad-hoc Testing.
oPerformed Cross-Browser and Compatibility Testing to test whether the web applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
oConversant in identifying the correct GUI elements for creating automation scripts using Selenium locators such as Name, ID, Link Text, CSS Selector, and XPath.
oPerformed DDT using Excel and SQL, and automation using Apache POI library.
oConfigured application framework using Excel spreadsheets and processed the spreadsheets using Apache POI.
oDeveloped and executed SQL queries to verify the proper insertion, deletion, and updates into MySQL.
oPerforming test on android devices using adb commands.
oExtensive knowledge of Quality Assurance standards, methodologies, and strategies with an understanding of the SDLC and STLC.
oWell-versed with various testing stages/levels/phases, testing types, testing techniques, and quality work products.
oEnthusiastic and self-motivated to learn new concepts in emerging technologies, proactive and able to work independently. Highly competent, motivated, results-oriented & a team player senior automation test engineer.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DIRECTV, CA QA Automation Engineer 08/2022 – 01/2024
Responsibilities:
oDeveloping test plans, test cases for both manual and automation testing scenarios.
oParticipated in Agile Scrum methodology and attended Daily Scrum, Sprint Grooming, and Sprint Planning and Sprint Review meetings.
oParticipated in designing and implementing Selenium WebDriver automation framework.
oDeveloped manual and automated test scripts in Java using Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber
oUpdating Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression, smoke and functional test cases.
oUsing DD framework along with Cucumber and TestNG to implement test as required.
oFollowing hybrid model of POM and BDD, using Java, Python, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber.
oDeveloped test scripts, performed RESTful API testing using REST-assured library, and performed API manual testing using Postman.
oCreate and implement adb command test cases for android based applications.
oFlash VPL devices with Nightly Builds or newly released production builds to preform test cases for fixed bugs and features added/updated.
oAutomated and executed Functional test regression test & smoke test.
oUsing GitHub for downloading/uploading the most recently update test scripts.
Environment: Java, Python, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, Agile, SQL, Maven, IntelliJ, GitHub, Windows, Jira, Confluence, New Relic.

Liberty Mutual, DE QA Automation Engineer 04/2020 – 08/2022
Responsibilities:
oWorked as a QA automation tester on several modules of the HRMS application.
oDeveloped test code in Java language using Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber framework.
oDeveloped automated test scripts in JAVA using Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber
oInvolved in designing and implementing Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (Cucumber and Maven).
oDeveloped an Automation framework by following a hybrid model approach of implementing POM and BDD, using JAVA, Selenium WebDriver, and Cucumber.
oPerformed BDD using Cucumber Features, Scenarios, and Step Definitions in Gherkin format.
oResponsible for writing and maintaining Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression and functional testing using the data-driven framework
oInvolved in designing an automation framework to be used in UI testing with Selenium WebDriver.
oSet up Jenkins for a scheduled automation test run that will trigger the Smoke Test script by receiving an email.
oDeveloped test scripts, performed RESTful API testing using REST-assured library, and performed API manual testing using Postman.
oDeveloped test scripts, performed database testing using JDBC, performed data validation and data integrity testing using JUnit assertions with Selenium WebDriver.
oExecute browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium WebDriver for testing UI for every new build release.
oAutomated and executed Functional test regression test & smoke test.
oDeveloped and executed test plans, test cases, and test metrics utilizing QA best practices and standards.
oParticipated in Agile Scrum methodology and attended Daily Scrum, Sprint Grooming, and Sprint Planning and Sprint Review meetings.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, Agile, SQL, Jira, Maven, IntelliJ, GitHub, Windows, Jenkins

Evolent Health, VA QA Automation Tester 06/2017 – 03/2020
Responsibilities:
oParticipated in developing and implementing test automation framework (Hybrid model) using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Page Object Model, and Maven under Java OOPs concepts.
oGenerated Test Reports using TestNG test script execution and created the error screenshots.
oExpertise in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods, and Test Suites for regressions and functional testing using the TestNG annotations like Groups, Parameters, Data Provider, and Tags.
oMaintained grouping of test suites, test cases, and test methods for regression and smoke tests using TestNG Annotations like Groups, Parameters, Data providers, and tags.
oDeveloped an Automation framework using Selenium Web Driver.
oUtilize CSS selectors, IDs, and XPaths to locate elements on Web pages.
oPerformed end-to-end testing of UI and the database to check data integrity using SQL Queries, Java and Selenium WebDriver.
oActively participated in Scrum team daily stand-up meetings, sprint planning, sprint demo, and all other sprint rituals and gave feedback to the team.
oPerformed API (Restful Web Services) testing using Postman, I have done my best to use Postman’s features to organize tests.
oWorked in an Agile environment, collaborating with other QA teams to meet deadlines and milestones.
oParticipated in Daily Scrum, Sprint Grooming, and Sprint Planning and sprint retrospective meetings.
Environment: Java, Automation Tester, Manual Tester, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Jenkins, Agile, SQL, Maven, Eclipse, GitHub, Jira.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

oTesting Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Junit, Rest-Assured, JDBC
oLanguages: Java, SQL, JSON
oFrameworks: Data-Driven / Behavior-Driven / Test-Driven / Hybrid
oMethodologies: Agile, Scrum
oRDBMS: MYSQL, Oracle
oBuild Management tool: Maven
oVersion Control tool: Git/GitHub
oCI/CD tool: Jenkins
oIDE: Eclipse, IntelliJ
oOperating Systems: macOS, Windows

EDUCATION

oBachelor of Education (Major: Biology)-Suez Canal University 2002
oProgramming for everybody: Certificate (Python), University of Michigan
Contact this candidate