Divya Email : ad5jrk@r.postjobfree.com
Senior Mobile Automation Test Engineer Phone : 940-***-****

Summary:
8+ Years of experience with expertise in requirements gathering, analysis, design, application testing and Automation.
Strong working experience on Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Waterfall and Agile Scrum model.
Total 5+ Years of experience in Mobile Automation Testing using tools like Appium.
Good experience in using automated test tools like Selenium, Protractor., Cypress
Expertise in performing different types of Testing: Black Box Testing (Functional Testing), White Box testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Acceptance Testing, Sanity Testing, Back End Testing, GUI Testing, Adhoc Testing and API Testing on web services (SOAP and REST).
Extensively used Selenium Webdriver API, Junit API and TestNG API to write test cases and automate all the test cases.
Experience in using Espresso with Xcode/XCUITEST to automate tests in parallel and priorities of the Test cases are set using Kotlin and XCUI environment.
Experience in testing native apps on iOS & Android devices manually.
Strong experience in Software testing in the areas of Web based, Client - Server applications, Mobile applications and Cloud (AWS) applications using Manual and Automation testing techniques. Well versed in Manual testing techniques and methodologies.
Extensive experience in using JUnit framework for Unit testing, Maven, and Ant for Project building tool, and worked with Jenkins/Hudson for Continuous Integration.
Experience in Mobile APP testing on Android iPad and iPhone, Emulator, Simulator to perform Mobile App testing, phone functionality and native app testing.
Good experience in using Automated tools like Ruby Cucumber test framework for Client/Server, Web and database applications.
Performed API testing using POSTMAN and SWAGGER to check the request and response of the web services manually.
Performed functional testing of the mobile web application manually and Selenium Driver.
Created and maintained automated test scripts for API scripting using Java/TestNG
Experienced in performing Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) automation using Jenkins tool for scheduling the jobs and expertise working on configuration management tools like GIT.
Experience in implementing different Automation types of Frameworks: Keyword Driven framework, Data Driven framework, BDD and Hybrid framework with Selenium Web Driver.
Design and execute features of ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development)/BDD using Selenium, Cucumber for Java and Ruby.
Experienced in Selenium Data-Driven and Protractor Framework with core Java programming.
Experience with various types of testing like GUI testing, web testing, regression testing, UAT, functional testing, system testing, integration testing, end to end testing, unit testing, mobile testing.
Implemented functional tests using Java, TestNG, Junit framework and CI/CD using cucumber framework.
Experience in writing SQL queries for back-end testing and validation of data.
Experience in reviewing business requirement documents and software requirement documents, test cases and their execution, also coordinated with developers to fix defects.

Education :

Masters - May 2021 - Texas A&M University-Commerce

Professional Experience

Client : Homesite Insurance - Boston, MA Feb 2023 – Present
Senior Mobile Automation Test Engineer

Responsibilities:

Implementing Selenium WebDriver and automated, executed scripts on different browser and different platform using java.
Perform Functional, Integration, Regression, Smoke, White/Black box, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and End-to- End Testing.
Working with API testing using tools like Soap UI Pro, Espresso tool, Advanced REST.
Using Appium, UIAutomator, Espresso for mobile test automation.
Testing Mobile application software on various mobile devices ( Android, Apple, Roku ) using simulators and emulators and with real time devices.
Developing Appium scripts for native Android/iOS Apps using Java.
Creating and maintaining list of white-box scripts failed during regression, approved, debugged, and fixed.
Developing manual test cases and automation script for Mobile Native applications (IOS, Android) using Appium, Java.
Working on Android and IOS platforms using Appium and XCode/XCUITest tools on real and virtual devices.
Development of automation scripts using Selenium web driver for usability testing on mobiles and tablets using Perfecto mobile add in by implementing X path and script one techniques.
Implementing the Appium framework for all the Perfecto solutions to provide the testers the flexibility of choosing the testing tool between Perfecto mobile and Appium.
Performing Integration testing of RESTful APIs by developing automated scripts using java Rest Assured framework.
Performing Cross-platform, Functional, Regression testing, UI testing for mobile Native app, web apps and hybrid apps using Appium test automation framework.
Developing automation script for Mobile Native applications (IOS, test) using Appium and have used Perfecto to perform extensive mobile testing.
Testing Mobile application software on various mobile devices using simulators and emulators and with real time devices.
Creating automated script for REST-API testing using Rest Assured framework.
Implementing Page Objects model automation frameworks using Selenium
Automating highly transactional web application using Selenium WebDriver Execution of automated Test Scripts through Maven.
Testing compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML ids and XPATH in Selenium.
Creating Data Driven scripts for adding multiple customers, checking online accounts, user interface validations, reports management, etc.
Extensively automated regression and functional test suites by using Selenium WebDriver with java.
Using BDD framework with Cucumber, Java and created feature files with scenario and scenario outline files.
Creating a framework from scratch using API testing tool called Karate for REST API Testing.
Automating Test cases in TDD (Test Driven Development), BDD (Behavior Driven Development), Keyword driven, Data driven and Hybrid framework
As part of compatibility testing, executed the workflow manager web application related test cases on different browsers different Operating Systems.
Implementing and working on Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) agile methodologies completing releases ahead of schedule
Performing REST API testing using SOAPUI and Back-End Testing database table manipulations of relational database systems by writing complex SQL queries manually.
Developing SQL queries to check the database automatically and check the data integrity by business standards of the company.
Using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration automation to configure and access the build process and Email integration to email the content of the build status.

Environment:
Selenium WebDriver, iOS, Android, Appium, Espresso, Perfecto, Katalon, XCUITEST, XCode, Swift, Java, Agile, Maven, JMeter, JBehave, JIRA, Junit, CI/CD, Cucumber, Gherkin, SQL, UFT, TestNG, SOAP UI,, Jenkins, GIT.TFS, SQL Server 2008, Linux, Microsoft Windows, UNIX, Visual studio, XML, XPath, HTTP, JSON.

Premier Inc, Charlotte NC
Senior Mobile Automation Test Engineer Jun 2021 to Feb 2023

Responsibilities:

Worked on automating RESTful API Testing using Postman to check Performance & API Response as a POC.
Involved in finding elements of Mobile Application by using UI Automation Viewer and Appium Inspector.
Performed Acceptance testing and UI functional testing using Perfecto with extension of Appium and Java as scripting language.
Created and executed automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver/Cucumber framework for Web App and Appium / Cucumber for Mobile App.
Developed automation script for Mobile Native applications (IOS, Android) using Appium, Java.
Used emulators and IOS simulators to perform the manual Mobile Testing.
Implemented mobile automation frameworks using Appium.
Created, maintained Automation Selenium Automation Scripts for the Scrum Stories.
Integrated Selenium RC with existing API to test framework.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium Web Driver API) on Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
UI Automator Viewer for recording screens and finding elements of the mobile screens
Involved in updating the projects progress and providing reports, charts to determine the estimation of projects using Rally.
Developed automation scripts to test Mobile applications IOS and Android platforms using Appium, Java. Proficient in using Appium Emulators and IOS Simulators to test the application virtually.
Performed data driven testing by using JDBC and Groovy script as a data source in SOAP UI and configured SQL queries to fetch data from the Oracle database
Written automated scripts for angular JS application using protractor and Java scripts
Responsible for UAT project planning like creating test scenario, test plans, and test scripts.
Used TFS to report bugs and to maintain product backlog items
Wrote VBScripts and Python Scripts for Functional and Regression Testing
Developed Data Driven framework to test several web pages.
Preparing test estimation of SOA testing activities for the Web services
Responsible for creating automation framework using POM- Page Object Model, and Data
Driven framework to test web applications
Developed Keyword driven framework to identify a set of Keywords and then associate an action (or function) with each of these keywords
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the Application and automated it by using Selenium WebDriver
Log defects using ALM,JIRA application and communicate the defect status updates to the responsible analysis and implementation teams
Involved in creation of automation framework in Selenium WebDriver
Used web-debugging tools like XPath, Firebug and Firepath to locate elements
Performed White Box/Black Box testing using for Web Services testing
Configured Selenium Grid to execute the Scripts parallelly on different browsers

Environment: Java, JavaScript, iOS, Android, Appium, Espresso, Perfecto, Katalon, XCUITEST, XCode, Swift, Visual Studio, TFS, MTM, TestNG, Junit, ANT, Maven, Apache Tomcat, HTML, XML, Quality Centre, LoadRunner, GitHub, Oracle, UNIX, Protractor, JSON.

DTCC - Coppell, TX August 2020 – May 2021
Selenium Mobile Automation Test Engineer

Responsibilities:
Worked in the agile environment with frequently changing requirements and features set
Prepared Test Plans, Test Scripts and Test Cases based on functional specifications and user requirements
Developed and maintained automated regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming language and Junit Framework.
Performed mobile apps testing on Android and iOS iPhone Devices.
Validated and tested on the web and native apps on iPhone, iPad and Android devices.
Developed the automation scripts for Mobile Native applications (IOS, Android) using Appium, Java.
Formulated test scripts to automate process of testing in mobile Automation.
Implemented Appium Scripts to test iOS and Android platforms
Created and executed automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver/Cucumber framework for Web App and Appium / Cucumber for Mobile App.
Involved in integrating the test suites to Jenkins to execute them automatically after every successful deployment
Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API
Performed Smoke, Functionality, Integration, System, Regression tests based on Analysis, and understanding of the requirements, non-functional specifications, and end-user needs
Implemented and worked on Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) agile methodologies completing releases ahead of schedule.
Created Data Driven scripts for adding multiple customers, checking online accounts, user interface validations, reports management, etc/
Executed Test Cases recorded in HP Quality Center manually to test the application for its functionality, system integration and verify the Exit Criteria
Actively participated in walk-through, inspection, review, and user group meetings for quality assurance with BAs, SMEs and Developers

Environments: Selenium WebDriver, iOS, Android, Appium, Espresso, Perfecto, Katalon, XCUITEST, XCode, Swift, Jenkins, Cucumber, SOAP UI, JMeter, Maven, Junit, Quality Center, Eclipse, XPATH, Java, HTML, CSS, agile, GIT, SQL, Oracle, and Windows.

Client: HSBC, India
Automation Engineer August 2018- December 2019

Responsibilities:
Involved in preparing the Test Plan and Test Cases based on the business and functional specifications
Utilized HP Quality Center (HP QC) as a bug tracking system
Involved in mapping the requirements to the test cases in QC
Analyzed test specifications and converted them into Manual Test Cases
Participated in Integration, System, Smoke Testing.
Involved in writing the SQL Queries.
Performed End to End Testing and involved in User Acceptance Testing.
Developed functional, UI, regression test scripts using Coded UI using C
Conceptualized, designed, and implemented automated functional API test cases using SOA test, and SoapUI
Involved in testing Web services and XML with tool called SOAP UI
Used this tool to locate WSDL file on internet, create Test cases, run them, do load testing, security testing
Used SOAPUI tool to test web services for Order History, Shopping cart, Account Creation and Shipment Tracking web services
Tested Enterprise SOAP and Restful Web Services using SOAP UI tool
Performed data driven testing by using JDBC and Groovy script as a data source in SOAP UI and configured SQL queries to fetch data from the Oracle database.
Developed test suite for all the Web service operations in the SOAP UI test tool
Responsible for back-end API testing with SOAP UI and coding in groovy and Java
Proficient in using Test Management tool HP Quality Center/Rally, ALM for Test Planning, Test Designing, Test strategy, Traceability matrix, Test Execution, Defect Tracking and Reporting
Created tests with Assertions like Schema Compliance, SOAP, XPath assertions using SOAP UI
Wrote VBScripts for Functional and Regression Testing
Identified the initial setup, input data, appropriate steps, and the expected responses in the manual test cases
Used Quality Center (HP QC) as a bug tracking system.

Environment:
Selenium, JavaScript, Cucumber, Soap UI, Jira, Quality Center, JAVA, XML, Manual testing, MS SQL Server, SQL, MS Office .

ZenQ, India March 2016- July 2018
Title : Test Engineer

Responsibilities
Proactive participant in team meetings and updated team lead and manager on status of testing.
Analyzing and understanding Business Requirement Document written and Use cases from SharePoint to design test cases.
Developing the Test Scripts, Test Conditions, Expected Results for one or more Test Plans, Including the Product, Regression, End to End, System Integration Testing. Develop, update and maintain the Testing Standards and Procedures.
Involved in the Execution of the Test Scripts.
Perform manual testing through all phases of development life cycle (Usability, Functional, and Regression Testing) using black box testing methods
Executed QTP for running regression and BAT test cases.
Wrote SQL queries to validate backend applications to ensure accurate results.
Verified the production logs file for checking exceptions after testing the application.
Coordinated with development team closely for issue resolution.
Manage Requirement Change Requests and implementing procedures for test changes.
Developed Test Cases for Back-end testing, integrating SQL queries to be used in running test cases.
Involved in informing the test lead of any issues that may affect the schedule, budget, or quality of the product or the testing process.
Performed Configuration testing on some hardware platforms.
Used Test Director for communicating between developers, product support and test team members.
Tracking, reviewing, and analyzing defects using Quality Center.
Provide guidance to development and project teams on appropriate approaches to testing delivered products, including test tool sets.
Attended project meetings, Off-Shore meetings, release meetings and QA status meetings.
Develop plan to identify, track and manage all issues and risks associated with responsibility areas with IT teams.

Environment: Java, maven, SOAP UI, Selenium, Waterfall, QTP, IntelliJ Idea, Firebug, HTML, SQL, SVN, JUnit, Quality Center, Jira.
Contact this candidate