QA Automation Engineer

Ramyashree Dhanaraja
ad5me4@r.postjobfree.com
336-***-****
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Extremely detail-oriented QA Automation Engineer around 5 years. Experience the diversity of challenges in the field of IT industry as a software tester and enhance my skills set in order to achieve greater heights and contribute towards organizational goals to succeed in every sphere of life.
Automation Testing Skills:
Having around 5 Years of Experience in QA Manual, QA Automation and QA API Testing.
Experience in cypress framework using JavaScript and node js.
Experience in Selenium framework using TestNG and Hybrid framework.
Diverse knowledge in dealing with various open-source tools like Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid,JUnit and TestNG.
Exposure to web-based application script design using different types of web element locators.
worked on Selenium WebDriver with the preferred Languages Java.
Getting all the test inputs and comparing outputs in a spreadsheet using Apache POI.
Expert in integrating Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) on Continuous Integration tools Hudson/Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
Hands on experience in Rest API testing using Postman and Rest Assured.
Good knowledge on cucumber BDD framework and AWS.
Implemented Automation Testing using Selenium Web driver (POM Framework).
Automated Test Scenarios in the FSCM Products (Accounts Payable, e-Procurement, Cash Management, Inventory, Cost Management, Global Components, e-Settlements, Contract Management).
Involved in FSCM Product Certification for Transition.
Good knowledge in Continuous Integrations tools such as Azure pipelines.
Experience in PeopleSoft Test Framework 8.54,8.55, ALM, AR, PSS Script.

MANUAL TESTING SKILLS:
Extensive experience in UAT, Functional, GUI, Regression testing.
Good knowledge in test setup and use case refinement.
Good Knowledge on SDLC Models, STLC, Test Levels, Test Types and Test design techniques.
Expertise on Defect Reporting, Defect Tracking and Defect Life cycle.
Experience in test case preparation, review process, prioritizes & execution of test cases.
Proficient in preparing Requirement Traceability Matrix for Test cases.
Quick learner with the ability to grasp new technologies, good communication skills, self-motivated, pro-active, task oriented and good team player.

Technical Skills:
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, Jenkins, Eclipse, VSCode, Node.js, Cucumber, Cypress, jira, QC/ALM, Postman.
Test Frameworks
TestNG, HybridFramework, POM, Cypress
Defect Tracking Tools
JIRA, Quality Control(QC)
Programming Languages
Java, JavaScript
Processes
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall, Iterative Incremental model
Continuos Integration Tools
GitHub, Git, Jenkins, Bit Bucket
RDBMS
MySQL, PostgreSQL
Operating System
MS Windows 10/ 7/XP/2003/2000, Mac OS, LINUX
EDUCATION:
Bachelors in Information Science & Technology from VTU,India in 2012

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Senior QA Automation Engineer OCT 2022 to FEB 2023
Client: MindQuest Technology solutions
Tool & Technologies: selenium WebDriver, cypress, jira, Git, Java, Javascript, Restful API, Jenkins, Postman, Node.JS,API Automation.

Responsibilities:
Worked on Web based patient management system, payments, health records and health providers.
Build and enhanced automated test framework using Cypress and Page Object Model concepts.
Developed JavaScript programs to enhance the Cypress test suite.
Used node.js version 16.14.2 for cypress.
Maintain several suites for handling the cypress tests to run in different viewports.
Developed test cases and performed integration testing of the combined software modules and tested as a group.
Tested Restful API’s using Postman, and Java with Rest Assured library.
Involved in testing the responses of REST API/web services like JSON, XML.
Reviewed API test cases according to assigned requirements and validate results by retrieving API responses from the database through POSTMAN.
Extensively used Selenium (data-driven, XPath locator) and Selenium WebDriver to test the web application.
Used Selenium WebDriver for writing test scripts for regression test coverage.
Implemented Page Object Model framework with Selenium.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.

Environment: Java, Selenium, Cypress, Javascript, Restful API, Jenkins, Postman, Node.JS.

QA Automation Test Engineer Jun 2015 to Nov 2016
Client: Oracle Pvt.Ltd, India
Tool & Technologies: selenium WebDriver,jira,Java,Git,TestNG,PTF,PeopleSoft,Agile process.
Responsibilities:
As a member of the agile team, worked on in-sprint automaton works and as a senior member worked on automation framework enhancement using Selenium.
Developed custom libraries for automation using JAVA &Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in creation of automation framework in Selenium WebDriver Extensively used Page Objects design and page navigation framework for readable test script and easy maintenance from developer perspectives.
Approver for UI and API PR review for all the scrum teams.
Responsible for creating and maintaining automation acceptance test suite using Selenium.
Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites.
Responsible for fixing the issues in pipeline failures on a daily basis.
Be an active contestant for all agile scrum meetings.

Software Test Engineer Nov 2012 to Jun 2015
Client: Aksa Tech Pvt,India
Tool & Technologies: HP/QTP,Manual Testing,selenium WebDriver,jira,Java,Git,TestNG,Agile process.
Responsibilities:
Development Reviewed functional requirement specifications.
Writing, Reviewing and Execution of Test cases and Test Scripts in QTP.
Written Descriptive Programming for dynamically changing objects.
Involved in developing of Automation Framework.
Reporting the bugs.
Involved in review test document.
Participated in regular project status meetings related to testing.
Created Java based scripts for Selenium WebDriver with TestNG as automation framework.
Responsible for in-sprint automation work which include UI and API automation Enhancement of automation framework which will reduce manual testing effort.
Reviewed functional requirement specifications.
Design and development of End to End Test scenarios, preparation of Test cases according to Requirement and executing the test cases.
Performed smoke, functional and regression testing.
Responsible for sending daily/weekly status report.
Involved in review test document.
Writing, Reviewing and Execution of Test cases and Test Scripts in QTP.
Written Descriptive Programming for dynamically changing objects.
Involved in developing of Automation Framework.
Contact this candidate