Nikhil Chowdary Polina
703-***-**** ad5p6d@r.postjobfree.com

QA Engineer for over 8+ in software Development Life Cycle & Software Testing Life Cycle
experience, that includes designing, implementing test plans, test cases, test processes, initiating test review meetings, Automation testing.
Expertise in working with Waterfall and Agile methodologies - SCRUM.
Good experience in performing root cause analysis (RCA) for defects during testing.
Experience in performing Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM)
Experienced in working with open-source tools Selenium (Selenium IDE and Selenium RC) JUnit, Eclipse, Cucumber
Experience in performing defect logging and tracking using the HP Quality Centre and JIRA and Version one for test Planning, Test Designing, Test Analysis, Test Execution, Defect Tracking and Reporting
Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, Black-Box Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, Positive/ Negative Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, UI Validation and Boundary Value Testing
Adeptness experienced in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) using Java and implemented Inheritance, Polymorphism, Encapsulation, Abstraction, and Java Collections
Experienced in creation of test suites for functional testing and executed various systems, performance, batch testing, UAT testing, integration, regression, and ad-hoc tests according to approved test plans and testing schedules.
Test plans and Executed Tests, developed detail Test Cases, Establish Test matrices as per QA process.
Coordinated with Support / Technical managers & teams globally and provided support experience individually or as a part of the team.
Good experience in testing both SOAP and REST services using SOAPUI, POSTMAN and Tested both XML and JSON formats.
Strong in writing SQL queries to perform backend data validations.
Responsible for testing the product using SQL Queries/ UNIX command for the DB check and server startup/new builds.
Experience in Database Testing using SQL Queries with multiple Databases- SQL Server, Oracle, and MySQL.
Working experience with defect tracking tools like Jira, ALM/Quality Center (QC) and Team Foundation Server.

Test Approaches
Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, SDLC, STLC, Bug life Cycle.
Types of testing
Manual Testing, UI Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Black Box Testing, White Box Testing, Functional Testing, Performance, Smoke, Sanity, API, and Unit testing.
Operating systems:
Windows, Mac, Unix, Linux, Android.
Testing tools
Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver, Firebug, Fire path, XPath, Maven, eclipse, Manual Testing, Appium (Android Testing), JMeter, GIT, Karma, Cucumber.
Languages:
Java, SQL, T-SQL, HTML, DHTML, XML, XSLT
Databases:
Oracle, MS SQL Server, and MySQL, PostgreSQL, Sybase, DB2
Data Access:
JDBC, Data Source, DB Utils
Web Programming:
Spring, Angular JS, Angular, Spring boot
Cloud:
AWS, Azure, PCF.
Testing Tools:
JUnit, SoapUI, Jasmin, karma.
Configuration Management:
CVS, Git
Others
Prime NG, Ngx-Bootstrap, RXJS, NGRX, Webpack, Babel, Gulp.
IDE:
Eclipse, IDEA IntelliJ, JDeveloper.

Client: GSA.gov
Role: Sr. QA Engineer Nov 2021- Till Date
Responsibilities:
Extensively involved in all stages of Testing life cycle, Test Driven Development methodologies, Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) using Agile methodologies.
Used JIRA as a bug tracking, issue tracking and project management software.
Expert in creating, maintaining, and executing automated test scripts using Selenium IDE, Web driver and Selenium Grid on cross browsers.
Experience in developing and maintaining Test Automation Frameworks like Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid and Cucumber (BDD/ATDD.)
Involved in performing Functionality testing, Validation testing, Negative and Positive testing, Integration testing, testing manually on the first release of the application.
Experienced with web services testing using SOAPUI tool. Testing the API's as well as validates the data returned thru web services responses.
Knowledge of XML, Schema, WSDL.
Experience with Service Oriented Architecture using SoapUI Pro tool to test web services.
Automated UI test cases by using Selenium, XPath, integrated with Java.
Analyze business requirements, Software requirement specifications to create test plan and test cases for manual and automation testing using Selenium Web Driver.
Worked on Cross Browser testing through Selenium WebDriver by testing the Scripts on different browsers.
Implemented Selenium Grid to run Regression Tests on multiple nodes and browsers.
Worked on Database/Backend testing and validated the data by writing SQL Queries and experience in working on Oracle and SQL Server databases.
Involved in Functionality, User Interface, and Regression testing during the various phases of development.
Experienced with SOA, Web Services, SOAP, Soap UI, RESTFUL, WSDL technologies.
Performed defect reporting and bug tracking using HP ALM and followed up with development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing).

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Grid, MySQL, Cucumber, Webservices, JSON, JAVA, DOM, Test Plans, Git, HP ALM Quality Center, Protractor, JMeter, Jenkins, SOAP UI, REST, Agile Methodology.

Client: Factory Mutual Insurance Company (FM Global), Johnston, RI
Role: QA Automation Tester Jan 2020- Nov 2021
Responsibilities:
Gathering requirement documents such as business requirements, design, and other related documents.
Reviewing the Test Basis, designing and documenting Test Strategies, Test Plan, Test Cases and executed test cases.
Responsible for writing and maintaining Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression and functional testing using data driven frameworks.
Developing test code in Java language using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG framework.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
Responsible for identifying test cases for manual and Automation with Selenium WebDriver for Smoke Test, Functional and Regression Tests.
Actively taking part in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven).
Created automated script for REST-API testing using Rest Assured framework.
Actively taking part in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology.
Actively taking part in designing of automation framework to be used in UI testing with Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in writing the feature files using Gherkin language.
Execute browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium WebDriver for testing UI for every new build release.
Set up Jenkins for scheduled automation test run and that will trigger Smoke and Regression Test Scripts.
Performing functional tests using Selenium WebDriver with data driven framework.
Developing automated test scripts in JAVA.
Created JMeter Test Cases to measure performance and functionality of web services and have good exposure on Performance using LoadRunner and JMeter.
Execution of automated test scripts using JMeter based on business/functional specifications.
Identifying, Reporting and Tracking Defects using JIRA test management tool.
Manually testing, verifying, and validating that the product meets user requirements.
Assisting QA lead in documenting User Acceptance Test report and reporting defect resolution.
Participate in Agile Scrum methodology and attend daily scrum, sprint grooming, planning and review meetings.

Environment: Agile Methodology, Java, HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, OAUTH2, jQuery, Angular 13, AWS, Hibernate, Microservices, Spring Boot, Restful, Soap, PostgreSQL, Swagger, Kafka, NGRX, Jasmin, karma, GIT, JIRA, PL/SQL, Eclipse, Visual Studio code, JUnit, Log4J, Maven.

Client: Verizon, Piscataway NJ Apr 2016 – Dec 2019
Role: QA Engineering
Responsibilities:
Analyzing business requirements, documenting business specifications, write Test Plans, Test Cases.
Working with development team to understand technical design and architecture for test planning.
Working with Waterfall method.
Executing Manual, Automated tests and reporting defects. Reviewing results of all tests and reporting into the defect tracking database, verifying the resolution of all defects for an assigned project.
Preparing Requirements Traceability Matrix to ensure the adequate coverage of the test cases.
Preparing documentation for testing signoff by various parties as required by the project plans.
Assigning, Monitoring and Tracking Tasks of Team Members.
Updating Test Plans and Test Cases periodically to manage changes in requirements.
Uploading test cases executed and logged defects in HP ALM/Quality Center.
Maintaining Requirements Traceability Matrix to trace the requirements to the test cases and ensure complete test coverage in the HP ALM/Quality Center.

Environment: Java, Quality Center, HTML

Client: Q2-Ebanking, Hyderabad, India Oct 2014 – Mar 2015
Role: QA Analyst

Responsibilities:
Created Test plans and Test cases based on business and functional requirements.
Interacted with business and development teams for requirements and test scenarios reviews.
Designed, executed, and maintained Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, automated test cases for regression test cases.
Participated in Smoke testing the functional use cases during production deployments.
Conducted White box and Black Box testing to strategize new projects requirements for functional behavior and performance.
Created test cases and executed these test cases to test the module functionality using test functions.
Facilitated the implementation of a Quality System which complies with FDA and other international regulatory
guidelines. Performed regression tests on various modified functionality.
Involved in executing all Selenium test scripts on the different browsers and checked for compatibility.
Regression test cases were automated using Selenium Web Driver, and Web Driver Backed Selenium.
Developed test scenarios for Integration and Regression testing across system releases.
Executed Test cases and participated actively in System Testing and Regression Testing of the application.
Performed backend testing of database by writing SQL queries for both internal & external data interfaces.
Used SOAP UI to test Web Services.
Used Quality Centre for defect reporting and tracking, and generated documents and reports for further analysis.
Defect reporting and re-testing the software as the defects are fixed.
Provided guidance to business for User Acceptance test scenario specifics based on executed Integration test cases.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, HTML, XML, Web Services, SOAP UI, TestNG, Quality Center, Maven, Oracle, SQL, Git, Windows

Master’s in information assurance and Project Management from Wilmington University.
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communications from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University.

Professional Summary
Technical Expertise
Professional Experience
Education
Contact this candidate