Dmytro Bugor E-mail: ad5rdu@r.postjobfree.com
Southampton PA 18966 Mobile: 973-***-****

SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
4+ years of experience in Software Testing with exposure to the full development cycle from requirements. Experienced in both Manual and Automation testing of the applications. Hands-on experience in developing and analyzing test plans, test strategy, and test cases. Proficient in test data preparation, weekly status reporting, and executing testing processes. Skilled in writing SQL queries for Back-end testing. Strong experience in cross-browser and cross-platform web testing. Ability to work well in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment. Excellent verbal, written, and analytical skills with the ability to work in a team as well as individually. Have the ability to learn new technologies quickly and implement them. Fluent in Ukrainian and Russian languages.
TECHNOLOGY & TESTING PROFICIENCIES:
Operating Systems : Microsoft Windows, macOS, iOS, Android OS
Test Automation : Selenium, Webdriver, Maven, TestNG, JUnit, IntelliJ IDEA
Bug Tracking Tools : JIRA, Trello
Languages / Scripting : SQL, Java, JavaScript, XML, HTML, DHTML
API : Postman, Charles Proxy, Chrome Dev Tools
Other : Android Studio
Browsers : Chrome, Safari, MS Internet Explorer
Version Control Systems : GIT, GitHub

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Software QA Engineer, PremiumSoft Labs., Phoenix, AZ 01/2022 – Present
Implemented techniques that allow the team to make sure all requirements are covered by test cases.
Proficient in developing and executing automated test scripts using Java, Selenium, Maven, and TestNG for web application testing.
Took the initiative to implement automated testing which decreased the execution time of regression and functional testing.
Utilized Page Object Model (POM) design pattern for maintaining test scripts, enhancing code reusability, and improving maintainability.
Conducted code reviews for team members, contributing to the overall improvement of automation code quality.
Coached the QA team in establishing and prioritizing automation objectives.
Estimated, prioritized, planned, and coordinated testing activities.
Contributed to the planning and execution of functional, regression, and acceptance tests.
Wrote detailed functional test cases and executed them in supported Chrome, IE/Edge, and Safari browsers.
Used Git as a Version Control System, and GitHub to host and contribute to the project.

QA Tester, Telecard-Pribor LTD., Odessa, Ukraine 04/2020– 01/2022
Created and maintained test data and other relevant software documentation.
Created detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases.
Organized test documentation to be easy to use.
Experienced in testing Web Services like REST API requests using Postman.
Developed and executed SQL queries to validate data integrity in the database (MySQL).
Identified problem areas and added them to a tracing system (JIRA).
Assisted with smoke and exploratory testing, as well as testing new feature story tickets and bug tickets.
Ensured work was delegated and scheduled based on priorities, and evaluated testing strengths and risks.

Supervisor, SMT Yuzhny LTD., Odessa, Ukraine 10/2005 – 04/2020
Control and organization of arrival/departure of the vessel and its loading/discharging.
Organization, planning, and control of the ship’s supply.
Carrying out crew shifts and treatment.
Calculation of disbursements.
Preparation and coordination of cargo documents (Bills of lading, and manifests).

EDUCATION:

Master’s degree in System Engineering, State University, Odessa, Ukraine 2000 – 2005

CERTIFICATION:
Oracle Database SQL Certified Associate
Contact this candidate