PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: Ameriprise Financial, Minneapolis, U.S. Apr. 2023 - Present
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Description: Ameriprise Financial, Inc. is a diversified financial services company and bank holding company. I meticulously design and execute test scripts to validate system functionality and scalability. Collaborating seamlessly within Agile teams, I integrate automated testing seamlessly into the development lifecycle, fostering efficiency and quality assurance.
Responsibilities:
Involved in tracking bugs using JIRA and finding the root cause of a defect to fix the problem. Involved in the entire QA process, well acquainted with all phases of SDLC and STLC and had experience in testing very complicated applications.
Identified test cases to automate. Automate those test cases using Selenium WebDriver and Java (Eclipse IDE).
Automation of API's using Postman and REST ASSURED, Automated the API's in Postman using JavaScript.
Design and execute features of ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development)/BDD using Selenium, Cucumber for Java, and Ruby.
Developed the Automation Framework from scratch and enhance it by using Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, Cucumber, Maven, Java, GitHub. Involved in Design and development of test plans based on high-level and detailed designs.
Responsible for implementation of Hybrid Test Automation Framework, Page Object Model using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven and Java. Developed manual and automated test cases to validate RESTful API web service.
Experienced in testing applications manually as well as using automated testing tools like Quality Center/ALM.
Responsible for developing manual and automated test cases and configurations needed to meet testing of business requirements.
Developed and executed test scripts using Playwright to validate the functionality and usability of web applications.
Worked in DevOps, installing, configuring, and integrating Automation scripts on Continuous Integration tools (CI/CD) like Jenkins for nightly test suite execution and working on knowledge on testing and configuring Amazon Web services (AWS).
Involved in Agile Methodology Sprint with daily status meetings.
Managing security groups on AWS Lambda and custom monitoring using cloud watch.
Collaborated with development and QA team to write highly detailed test plans and writing test cases using Quality Center.
Hands-on experience in working Cypress for angular application end-to-end testing.
Involved in testing compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML IDs and XPath in Selenium. Experience and exposure to cloud platforms like Amazon Web Services (AWS) Test Automation, CI/CD, and DevOps.
Implemented handset automation framework, scripting and execution Sanity, Regression, Stress and Boundary test cases for mobile applications using Device Anywhere Automation Tool.
Played a key role in production releases and perform UAT test of the system. Experienced in manual testing and automating SOAP and RESTful Web testing services using SoapUI, ApacheHTTP Client, and REST Assured.
Test REST Web testing Services APIs with open source tools and Ruby framework in a Linux environment.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Hybrid, JAVA and OOPs, Jenkins, MAVEN, Apache-POI, Eclipse, XML, HTML, SQL, XPath, GIT, Oracle SQL Developer, Agile/Scrum, Java and Selenium, MS Office suite, SDLC, STLC, JSON, JIRA, Windows XP, 7, 10, Browsers: Chrome, Firefox and IE.
Client: Best Buy, Richfield, U.S. Nov. 2022 – Mar. 2023
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Description: Best Buy is an American multinational consumer electronics retailer. I develop and maintain automated test scripts to validate functionality, performance, and security of software applications.
Responsibilities:
Maintained Traceability Matrix to track the requirements to the test cases to ensure complete test coverage in the Quality Center/ALM.
Worked in javascript-based technologies like Nodejs, angular js, cucumber js, and web driverjs.
Good working knowledge of major Operating Systems such as Windows and Mac OS.
Used GitLab to manage the UI Automation Code. Used Java and Rest Assured to test microservices created with spring boot.
Performed Back-end testing using SQL queries to make sure that data entered has been uploaded correctly into the database tables.
Implemented cross-browser and cross-platform web application testing with Selenium WebDriver
Performed Web Services Testing and XML validation by creating test case suite using REST ASSURED.
Involved in integrating the test suites to Jenkins to execute them automatically after every successful deployment.
Assisted and mentored the other testers with technical issues and automation scripts.
Implemented Wireless Handset Automation framework, scripting & execution Sanity, Regression, Stress & Boundary test cases for mobile applications on Android, Apple, RIM, BREW & WinM platforms on various Blackberry, iPhones & iPads using Device Anywhere Automation Tool. Experience in authoring load, performance, and endurance test scripts in LoadRunner.
Executed API testing using REST Assured, POSTMAN, RESTful, and SOAPUI to validate the functionality and reliability of RESTful APIs and SOAP web services. Creating core python API which will be used among all modules.
Responsible for creating test scenarios for user stories and creating automation test suites using Python, Selenium Webdriver, and Pytest framework. Basic understanding/experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes or other container orchestration
Involved in documenting and executing Test plans, Test cases and Test scripts based on baseline requirements.
Created and executed detailed test cases with a step-by-step procedure and expected results and maintained the test logs, test reports, test issues, and defect tracking using ALM. Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run the parallel testing.
ETL tools for healthcare data cleaning and analyzing datasets using Python and Pentaho DI tool.
Developed test scripts using Java in Selenium WebDriver, maven, cucumber, and TestNG. Implemented Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) using Jenkins for running the Smoke Test on a nightly basis automatically.
Developed BDD and TDD script with Cucumber and written step definition for Gherkin based features.
Created test scripts using Automation frameworks like Cucumber and Spec Flow. Understanding of Functional, load/stress and Regression Test Automation integrating tools like Jmeter / Appium/ TestNG/Maven with selenium.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Hybrid, JAVA and OOPs, Jenkins, MAVEN, Apache-POI, TestNG, Eclipse, XML, HTML, SQL, XPath, GIT, Oracle SQL Developer, Agile/Scrum, Java and Selenium, MS Office suite, SDLC, STLC, JSON, JIRA, Windows XP,7, 10.
Client: Qualcomm, Bangalore, India Jan. 2020 – Jul. 2022
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Description: Qualcomm is designing and manufacturing semiconductors and wireless telecommunications products. I have done product improvement including requirements elicitation, technical documentation and implementation as per AGILE methodologies. Implementation, reports development, overall Product Maintenance & Support.
Responsibilities:
Assisted Manager by providing automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation and JIRA reports.
Worked closely with other members of the development team through the full systems lifecycle including requirements Capture, Design, Development, Testing, and Deployment. Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
Reviewed business requirements and technical specification documents and analyzed use cases, functional requirements to create detailed Test plans and Test cases. Developed test suite, test cases, execute test cases and generate report in Postman.
Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviours and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber. Performed GUI, Functional and Regression testing by automated using Selenium, JUnit, Ant, and Jenkins.
Developed a page object model framework using Java, Selenium WebDriver API, Test-NG, Maven, and Jenkins.
Involved in test planning, Test Scenarios and Test Cases documentation along with some manual and automation testing.
Upgraded a legacy Java-based Jbehave framework to a modern Playwright Framework, ensuring alignment with business requirements. Designed, implemented, and thoroughly tested the new framework. Performed Restful API testing using Java Rest Assured, Cucumber, and JUnit. Uploaded test cases executed test cases and logged defects in Mercury Quality Center.
Environment: JAVA and OOPs concepts, HTML, XML, JAVA Script, Web Services, SQL Server, MYSQL, Selenium, Windows, SDLC, Agile, Browsers: Internet explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla, Firefox.
Client: Amazon, Hyderabad, India Sep. 2019 – Dec. 2020
Role: Software Test Engineer
Description:
Amazon.com is an American multinational corporation and technology company focusing on e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence. Execute test cases and analyze results to identify defects, performance bottlenecks, and areas for improvement.

Responsibilities:
Procedures by utilizing advanced tools and techniques. Expertly handled Postman and SoapUI for manual testing and implemented Rest Assured Java Library for efficient Automated API Testing.
Followed Agile testing methodology, participated in daily SCRUM meetings and testing each SPRINT deliverables.
Utilized AWS Lambda functions to perform serverless computing for test data generation and validation, reducing infrastructure costs by 30%. Conducted Sanity and Smoke testing on the new builds for basic functionality testing.
Worked closely with Development team, BA, and QA teams as well as Stakeholders and members of Management.
Designed, developed and implemented automated test frameworks using Cypress for web applications.
Worked with web service and back-end service/API tools such as Soap Service, HTTP Client, and Soap Client etc.
Involved in system integration and user acceptance testing (UAT) on later stages of SDLC.
Performed the testing of Restful Web service for mobile apps for the bank of west Using SOAP UI.
Evaluation and implementation of Robot Framework to create Selenium WebDriver automation test suite.
Prepared Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to trace test cases to functional requirements.
Automating Angular JS applications by using Protractor, NodeJS, ReactJS, Jasmine, and Karma using Javascript.
Wrote tests using Java web applications. Web controls testing - wrote automation to test the controls from end to end starting with invoking in Internet Explorer. Used GIT as repo for version control. Worked with merge conflicts.
Verified SQL queries against backend database to ensure test codes retrieve the right data on testing.
Strong Experience in Java Programming, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, TestNG, and Cucumber. Created automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver and Java and involved in resolving existing test script issues in Selenium WebDriver.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, XML, POSTMAN, Cucumber, Soap UI, agile, HTML, JavaScript, XML, JIRA, Eclipse, Restful, Web service, Mobile testing, SQL, Oracle, MS Office, Git and Windows.
Client: Natco Pharma, Hyderabad, India Jun. 2017 – Aug. 2019
Role: Test Engineer
Description: Natco Pharma is engaged in developing, manufacturing company in India, Engaging with intricate technical paradigms, the project emphasizes the optimization of testing processes, bolstering operational efficiency, and curtailing manual intervention.
Responsibilities:
Create Test related documents such as Test Plan, Test Scenario, and Test Cases throughout the STLC.
Interacted with the business analysis and developers in requirements analysis, review design documents, testing and documents which are developed in to Agile, scrum, and sprint environment.
Performed rigorous manual testing such smoke testing, Integration testing, Regression Testing, End to End Testing and System Testing. Actively participated Agile and scrum meetings, review and developed test scenarios.
Followed Agile Methodology to emphasize on real time communication over written documentation.
Performed Functionality testing during various phases of the application and analyzed the results.
Performed browser compatibility and configuration testing on various operating systems such as Blackberry OS, Android OS, IOS etc.
Documented Test plans, Test Cases and decided schedules for Test Case execution. Reviewed extensive SQL Queries with complex multi-table joins and nested queries. Performed negative and positive testing manually.
Participated in conducting System testing and End to End testing manually. Extensive UAT Testing Manually.
Performed Usability and Integration testing manually. Tested SOA processes and methodologies used to deliver Customer order application, New Web Application for quality standards interface to meet customer expectation.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, HTML, XML, SOAP UI, REST Services, POSTMAN, Mobile Testing, Jenkins, Cucumber, Maven, XPath, Eclipse, JIRA, Agile, Oracle, SQL, Windows.

ABOUT ME
ad5txy@r.postjobfree.com
507-***-****
Afraz Areeb Mohammad
QA Automation Engineer
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Seeking a senior-level position as a QA Automation Engineer, leveraging 4+ years of extensive experience in designing, developing, and implementing automated testing solutions. Dedicated to optimizing software quality, improving testing efficiency, and ensuring product reliability through the utilization of cutting-edge tools and methodologies.
Automation Testing Tools:
Python, Selenium (WebDriver, IDE, Grid), Protractor, TestNG, JUnit, Jasmine, Cucumber, SoapUI, Postman, Rest Assured, JMeter, APPIUM, XCode, Android Studio.
Frameworks:
Cucumber, Robot, Keyword Driven, Data Driven, BDD, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM), Cypress, Playwright, WebDriver IO
Utilities:
Eclipse, IntelliJ Idea, Visual Studio, GIT, SVN, Dev Tools, TOAD, and Putty.
Build, Integration & Collaboration Tools:
Maven, Jenkins, Confluence
Bug Tracking Tools:
JIRA, HP ALM & Quality Center, Bugzilla, Test Rail and PractiTest
Markup Languages:
HTML, CSS, XML
Programming tools/Languages:
C, Java, Java Script, Type Script, SQL, Groovy, Gherkin
Database:
Oracle, Oracle forms, SQL Server, Postgres SQL, MongoDB
Operating systems:
Windows, iOS, Android, Unix/Linux
DevOps Tools:
Splunk, New Relic, Ansible, Docker
•6+ years of working experience in Software Development and Quality Assurance Testing of web-based and client-server applications using automation testing techniques.
•Experience in Automated Software Testing using Rest assured, Cypress and Selenium.
•Procedures by utilizing advanced tools and techniques. Expertly handled Postman and SoapUI for manual testing and implemented Rest Assured Java Library for efficient Automated API Testing. Used CSS Selector to identify objects.
•Parallel responsive Functional/UI testing using Appium for automation on Android, iOS and Windows simulated as well as real mobile/tablet devices across any browser and any Windows/IOS systems.
•Developed Automated test scripts from Manual test cases for Regression testing based on the requirement documents using Quick Test Professional. Experience in creating /maintaining CI/CD pipeline for Automation Project using GIT/Jenkins.
•Worked on Web services using POSTMAN exclusively on obtaining the needed information using the URL approach. Performed Usability testing on all the GUI forms as an end user to make sure the application is user-friendly and easy to learn.
•Strong load test scripting skills using HP Performance Center and LoadRunner test tools.
•Worked with the SQL statements to extract data from SQL tables and verify the output data of the reports on the browser page. Find, isolate, document, regress, and track bugs through resolution via JIRA. Executed API testing using REST Assured, POSTMAN, RESTful, and SOAPUI to validate the functionality and reliability of RESTful APIs and SOAP web services.
•Worked closely with the Agile scrum team and Product owners to maintain a full understanding of the requirements. Implemented Automated execution of tests (nightly and need based) using Maven and Jenkins.
•Used Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically. Done SOA testing for Payments API's using REST ASSURED and Java framework for web services testing.
•Involved in documentation as to how to maintain and run scripts for future enhancements. Responsible for testing the application against different environments in QA, staging and production. Responsible for defect tracking, defect reporting and defect reproducing.
•Experienced in developing automated test scripts using Playwright, Selenium WebDriver, HP QTP, Java, Python, developing tests using TestNG, JUnit frameworks.
•Developed Manual and automated test cases to test the functionality of the application.
•Developed automated tests in partnership with developers for continuous regression testing and reducing manual testing using Selenium, TestNG and Maven. Designed and implemented Cucumber, Appium, Maven and Java based Framework from scratch.
•Evaluation and implementation of Robot Framework to create Selenium WebDriver automation test suite. Extensive experience in developing scalable and reliable Serverless architectures using AWS Lambda.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
EDUCATION
Masters from Minnesota State University, USA
Contact this candidate