BRIAN WELLER
Software Engineer
Email: ad5t3r@r.postjobfree.com
Voice: 727-***-****

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
10+ years of software experience, mostly SQA performed manually or with Automation tools.

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
University of Florida
B.A., Economics with significant math and science coursework

SOFTWARE/TOOLS
· Languages: Java, C#, XML,HTML, SQL
· Tools: Selenium Webdriver (Java and C#), Visual Studio Coded UI (C#), Quicktest Professional QTP, Rational Robot, SVN, Git, Jira, Eclipse, Junit, Nunit, Microsoft TFS.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

QA Engineer
Solstice Benefits, Plantation FL ( owned by United Healthcare), Remote
April 2023 to present
Started a Selenium C# Nunit project from scratch and trained 2 manual QA workers on Selenium. Used Git for source control, Jira for project management. Also started an experimental project with Microsoft Playwright using C#. Tested multiple web applications all used for health insurance.

QA Engineer
Medtronic, Mounds View MN (Remote)
February 2022 to February 2023
Testing .Net C# Windows applications manually and with automation. Automation framework was Microsoft Coded UI using C#. Project management, Test Management, and Source Control was all done using Microsoft TFS. I worked on the control software for a medical device used in heart surgery to correct heart rhythm problems.

QA Engineer
Thermofisher Scientific, Madison WI
June 2018 to January 2022
Testing .Net C# windows applications manually and with automation. I developed my own Selenium based test framework for the automated testing using Appium and WinDriver and modified the application under test to make it more easily automated, all coding I performed was C# including test scripts.. Implemented TestRail and trained staff how to use it. Used Microsoft Azure cloud for source control, running of automated tests. Used Jira for project management. Worked on 3 different scrum teams during this time in a software Research and Development group.

QA Engineer
SingleWire Software
June 2016 to June 2018
Testing a large scale cross platform emergency notification system. Approximately 50% automated web testing with Selenium using Java based language Groovy and the Geb framework. The Geb framework includes the use of Spock. Build process and automated tests run with Jenkins. Git and Gitlab for source control. Both automated testing and manual testing required the use of REST API’s for internal and external applications including Cisco Spark and Twillio. Some testing of various government data feeds for weather and disaster information. Some testing of hardware devices like Cisco IP phones, Android phones, and digital signage.

Senior Test Automation Engineer
Performance Gateway
June 2015 to June 2016
Testing a large scale Java web application serving the Automotive insurance and repair industry. I created my own automated test framework based on Selenium Webdriver and utilizing Java, Junit, Eclipse, and SVN. I used the Page Object Model design pattern. I performed substantial manual testing prior to writing the first automation scripts. The work environment is very fast paced and constantly changing with an Agile development lifecycle.

QA Engineer
Loop LLC
Sept. 2011 to Dec. 2014
Testing a very large scale .Net web application serving the Automotive sales, marketing, and service industry. I created my own automated test framework based on Selenium Webdriver using C#, Visual Studio, Nunit, and Git. I performed extensive manual testing in addition to the automation work. The work environment is very fast paced and constantly changing with an Agile development cycle. The company grew from 50 employees to over 200 while I was there.

SQA Automation Specialist
Pharmerica - Tampa, FL
June 2011 to Sept. 2011
Short term contract
Created automated regression tests for .Net web applications.
Created Visual Studio Coded UI Tests in VB.net and QTP scripts in VBScript

Software Engineer (in quality assurance department)
Systems Made Simple
Oct. 2008 to Feb. 2011
Dept. of Veterans Affairs contract
Testing of a system for enrollment of veterans into a healthcare system. My personal role was mainframe testing of a system called VistA, which VA employees use to enroll veterans. I also tested a web based application intended for veterans to enroll themselves. I tested both the UI and the Oracle database of the web based application.
At this position I received a Security Clearance with the Dept. of Veterans Affairs.

Automated Quality Assurance Engineer (May 2008 to Oct. 2008) Kowabunga! —
Clearwater, FL
Kowabunga! Is an internet company specializing in advertising networks. They design and operate networks which facilitate internet advertising. owabun aacogn I have been writing test scripts and doing functional testing, both automated and manual. Later in the product development cycle I will perfonn some load testing. The automation
tools being used are Visual Studio 2008 with the WatiN framework (C# scripts) and TestComplete 6 (Vbscript)

Automated Quality Assurance Engineer Level 2(May 2007-April 2008) GeographicSolutions — Palm Harbor, Fl
Geographic Solutions is provider of job seeker assistance web applications for state
Governments . One of their sites is www.employflorida.com which I was involved in testing. I was brought in as a senior expert in Rational Robot to improve test coverage and the speed of test execution. I was also responsible for mentoring and directing the activities of two other test engineers with limited Rational Robot experience.

Automated Quality Assurance Engineer (June 2006 — May 2007) Kforce — Tampa, FI, Kforce is a nationwide staffing agency. I worked on their internal systems in their headquarters located in Tampa, Fl. I was responsible for automated and manual testing of an application called Recruitmax (developed in house) and the integration of that
application with BizTalk middleware and Peoplesoft Financials. All automated testing was performed using Rational Robot. Robot scripts were hand coded and data driven.
Senior Quality Assurance Engineer (Feb 2006 — June 2006) Ceelox — Tampa, Ceelox is a startup software company specializing in biometric, primarily fingerprint sensor enabled applications. My position entailed being the sole QA tester supporting 5 developers and 4 separate products. One product was a .Net web service application for fingerprint authentication over the internet, one product was a windows client/server
application using an MS SQL database, and the other two products were standalone windows applications for fingerprint authentication on pc’s.

Senior Quality Assurance Engineer (Nov 2004 — Feb 2006) - FIT Systems — Bay Pines, Fl
FIT Systems is a contractor to the Federal Government, serving the Veterans Administration. I worked on site at the VA regional office in Bay Pines, FL with some travel to the Chicago area to visit another work site. The work consisted of manual and automated testing of a suite of 3-tiered applications for the processing of veterans benefits claims. I performed automated testing on the client side using Rational Robot
and manual testing using SQL queries and UNIX shell scripts for the middleware tier and the server tier. The client tier was windows, the middleware was Tuxedo on Solaris, and the database was Oracle 9 on Solaris. Contact Alton Faircloth at 813-***-****. The client side applications were Microsoft Visual Basie 6 and Microsoft Visual C++

QA Engineer (Feb 2004 — Nov 2004) - Sunbelt Software - Clearwater, Fl
I performed testing of anti-spam and anti-spyware products as well as a security vulnerability scanner. My work has so far consisted of a blend of 3rd level support, regression testing of new builds of existing products, and testing of new products during
development. Manager Greg Kras Tel: 727-***-****
Client only and client server applications written in Visual Basic 6 and VB.Net

QC Engineer (Nov 2003-Feb 2004) — Pilgrim Software — Tampa, Fl
Worked for a small software company doing Grey Box testing of a suite of Net web based applications aimed at the l-lealtheare market and FDA regulated industries, My work consisted of developing test coverage documentation and test plans as well as carrying out tests. The testing was manual and was geared towards functionality and
security, My group followed the Rational Unified Process with an Iterative development
lifecycle, Manager Paul Zancara, TEL, 813-***-****

QA Engineer (Contractor) (Nov 200l-June 2002) - Tech Data - Clearwater, FL
Involved in functional, performance and interface testing of`the following types of systems: N—tier database systems with web front ends using ASP technology, MS SQL database servers, and a mainframe backend.
Extensive testing using Mercury Interactive WinRunner and Loadrunner. I was the sole QA Engineer working directly with a team of developers.

QA Systems Analyst (Sept 2000-Oct. 2001) - Lucent Technologies- Tampa, FL
Performed quality assurance and best practices work on client-sewer and n-tier web based applications. This included functional testing, performance testing, and security testing. Handled the calculations and publishing of IT Quality and Performance Metrics
for all of Lucent Worldwide Services. This involved creating and maintenance of an Intranet web site using IIS 4 and FrontPage 2000. Performed automated testing with WinRunner 7.0, Handled software configuration management and defect tracking with
StarTeam 4.2 and Visual Source Safe, Functional Testing of systems designed with Business Objects 5.1 .
Contact this candidate