Madurranjani Kannan Karur
214-***-****
ad5uss@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Overall 7+ years of diverse IT experience in various Industries like, Entertainment, E-commerce, and Telcom, have handled, reported and tested various Data and application features for all sorts of premium Fortune clients.
Experience in all phases of software Testing Life cycles [SDLC], Bug Life Cycle, and methods like Waterfall, Agile etc.
Experience in preparing and maintaining Automation frameworks [ Keyword driven, Data driven, Page objects]
Proficient in Functional, smoke, regression, User Acceptance and API Testing
Proficient in using version control tools Git, bit Bucket.
Proficient in Python Scripting using Request, Panda and Numpy Libraries.
Experienced in understanding System and functional specifications, technical extensive experience in reviewing and Analyzing Business requirements, based on that have created test Plans, Test cases, Test scripts, estimation and requirement Traceability matrix.
Experienced in integrating Automated tests in to CI/CD pipelines [Jenkins]
Skilled in API Testing REST Assured and Postman
Good experience in writing Xpath to locate Web Elements Core Competencies
Automation Tools: Selenium (Web-driver), JMeter, TestNG, Eclipse Programming: Python 3, Robot Framework, Core Java, SQL, APIs: REST, JSON
Types of Manual Testing: Sanity, Regression, E2E and API Testing Frameworks: Page Object Model (POM), Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid Framework.
Project Methodologies: SDLC, STLC, Agile (Scrum), Waterfall, SAFE Operating System: Windows 11, Ubuntu 22
Networking Protocols: TCP/IP UDP, LLDP
Hardware: WDM
Certification: ISTBQ [In Progress]
Education
Masters Business Analytics IT - UTDallas, Naveen Jindal School of Management- 2017 Bachelors Computer Science Engineering - Anna University Chennai - 2012 UDEMY Certified
Python Coding Bootcamp Analyzed data using JMP,
Core Java Selenium used TestNG and Maven Frameworks. Experience
April 2019 - December 2023
System Integration Test Engineer -ADVA Optical Networking, Richardson, TX
● Proficient in writing Python scripts, using Robot Framework implemented using Requests, Panda, numpy Libraries.
● Created and monitored various nightly regression jobs on Jenkins.
● Familiar with JFrog, JProbe, Artifactory
● Have worked on orchestration based on linux
● Actively automated 500 + test scripts in features like Security, Webserver, LLDP[Link Layer Discovery Protocol] which run on 3 [cli, REST, Netconf]UI.
● Developed Test scripts to verify security features not limited to AAA [TACACS+ and Radius], Cipher management, with main focus on customer requirements.
● Experienced in Writing java scripts using selenium webdriver for testing our GUI
● Proficient in API Testing and have automated test scripts using REST Library using HTTP methods (GET, POST, DELETE, OPTIONS), used postman, RestAPI for manual Testing.
● Maintaining transparency and predictability for the release by sharing test summary reports at the end of each sprint,
● Conducted regular reviews of quality assurance metrics such as DRE (Defect Removal Efficiency), test automation coverage, functional test coverage, and alerts the QA leader to any critical dependencies, risks or constraints and also have recommended remediation steps,
● Part of an Agile Team and participated and reported status in daily Scrum calls, also acted out as a scrum master on rotation.
● Delivered a continuous regression test environment to validate ADVA-OS platform featured on WDM products.
● Worked closely with the Product Managers to obtain a thorough understanding of the application and the business being supported by the application,
● Worked closely with the Solution Architect/ Technical Lead to understand the technical approach, technical specifications, and non-functional requirements.
● Displayed proficiency in using the tools like JIRA, Polarian, also confirmed that the test cases are tied in with user stories.
● Managed test-set peer reviews, test plan reviews, execution of test runs, logs and also have actively seeked quick resolution for the bugs based on their severity.
● Participated in daily stand-up meetings, retrospectives, drives continuous improvement from conducting RCA (Root Cause Analysis) of production bugs.
● Offered UAT support as needed. Maintained primary ownership of the QA environment(s), test data creation and worked closely with other Test Automation Engineers and Performance/Load Testers,
● Collaborated with the DevOps engineering team to integrate the automated test suite into the CI/CD pipeline, also actively contributed to our global test team Git repository and also Gitlab
● Have Communicated dependencies, risks, constraints to the team and have actively seeked resolution,
● Worked with team members across multiple locations/timezones, October 2018 - December 2018
Associate Test Engineer - Ericsson, Plano, TX
● Have worked in testing the ATT integrated cloud platform in migration to their next version of Network cloud.
● Have created and deployed Docker containers for the simulation, and have regressed the tests scripts.
● Used T-SQL for Querying the SQL server databases for data Validation and data conditioning, also involved in Code review using review board of peers before checking in the code in to Git
● Written High Quality Python Scripts in validating the CRUD[Create, Update, Delete] validation operations on their security app.
● Worked in Agile Team, updating the defects and communicated effectively to collaborate with developers, stakeholders, and cross-functional teams in adapting the fixes by testing extensively and reporting the issues in a very minimal span of time.
● Experience working on jira for updating the documentation of the test scripts, and have created and tracked the issue for any informed decision June 2017 - June2018,
Data Reporting Test Analyst-PFSWeb Allen, TX
● Experience working with Java Selenium Automation framework (Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver and Selenium Grid),
● Automation Scripts developed and tested for UserInterface and Backend Using SQL Queries
● QTP is utilized for Web Based Application Testing
● Automated Regression Test cases using Selenium Web Driver, Jenkins and Maven, have used Xpath to find the elements on the web page.
● Assisted to develop test code in Java language using Eclipse IDE and TestNG framework to automate the smoke test cases.
● Utilized HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, XSD, XSL, XSLT, and JSON to maintain the front-end user interface.
● Designed structured User Interface UI automated Test cases using Selenium Web driver for web based software products used to perform software testing.
● Tested REST services using SOAP UI, Postman, and Rest Assured and tested both XML and JSON formats.
● Participated in development of Framework for Smoke and Regression Testing using Selenium WebDriver, Page Object Model, TestNG framework with Maven build tool in IntelliJ IDEA integrated with Jenkins tool for Continuous Integration.
● Followed Agile Scrum methodology, participated in daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint review, and sprint retro meetings, and tested each sprint deliverable.
● Managed Virtual flow of sales order for 6 major e-commerce clients like (Anastasia Beverly hills, scheels, chanel, Starbucks)
● Have provided on call support for the business operations teams for the inventory back end issues on a rotation basis also solved the tickets thats been raised by the clients.
● Have worked on projects which involves cross functional departments like sales, Digital Agency, omni-channel operations,and Warehouse order replenishment November 2015 - June 2017,
Workforce Quality Manager -AXS Dallas, TX
● Performed forecasting, capacity planning, scheduling agents for call center floor.
● Have used SQL queries to retrieve the call center data from their prosperity server and analyzed past three years of 50 + auditorium clients data across US and determined and improved the functionality and Quality of Call center
● Have created an EXCEL model by using inputs like call volumes, average call handle time, call wrap time, using statistical analysis.
● Provided intra day reports on staff attendance, reconciled attendance daily with employee timesheets against schedule time-in/time-out reporting, managed changes to scheduling, and ensured adequate daily resource coverage.
● Developed an effective {Phone selling technique involving answering inquiries from overs 100+ customer calls daily regarding 500+ entertainment venues about ticket availability, accessing digital ticket, addressing customer account issues and reselling options.
Contact this candidate