SUMMARY

**+ years of experience in software development of business applications in full SDLC.
8+ years of experience in leading mission critical projects representing QA, mentoring QA engineers, leading offshore QA team and delivering projects on time.
8+ years of experience in writing Test strategies, Test plans and test cases. Run bug triage and scrum meetings.
7+ years of experience in writing Web and Mobile App Automation using Selenium/Appium and Java/C#.
6+ years of experience
5+ years of experience with OOA&D, OOP, design methods like UML and Visio.
Self-motivated with great communication skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: C#, Java, Python, HTML, XML, JavaScript, SQL Server and Stored Procedures.
Development Env’t: Visual Studio 2015, Eclipse for Java development, Node JS
Methodology and design tools: RUP, Design Patterns, Rational Rose and UML/Visio
Tools: GitHub, AWS, SOAP UI, Postman, Fiddler, QC, Selenium, Appium, Jira, WTT, TFS, VSTS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MVM Plc Sep 2023 – April 2024
SDET
Project was an e-commerce web application to take clients request for a sewer service and provide an estimate period and cost based on their selected artifacts. It involves usage of gift cards: reloading, sending gifts & localize.
Responsibilities
Designed & implemented UI and API automation framework using Selenium web driver.
Created a test strategy for different features.
Planned, designed, and did end-to-end functional, Security and Backend testing.
Planned, designed, and implemented load testing and automated the process.
Enter bugs into Jira database and prioritize effectively. Run bug triage meetings.
Led 5 QAs and 2 SDETs in the team by providing code reviews, review test plans and related team tasks.
Wrote Selenium web Test Automation using Java.
Did an end-to-end UI functional, Security and Accessibility testing.

Environment: Java, VS Code, C#, Jira, Selenium, Postman, git, SQL

Amazon Plc Jan 2017 – Jul 2023
Lead QAE

Worked on OTA updates and Frustration Free Setup teams. These teams are middleware focused teams developing tools and services that got consumed across Amazon devices creating simple ways to set-up client devices with minimum or no effort from end users.

Worked on Supply Chain management system/app in AWS org owning to test the E2E and Automated testing both Functional and Backend/APIs.

Responsibilities:
Created test strategies and plans for a cross functioning system that involves 7+ teams both for front-end and back-end services that involve Data lakes.
Wrote Python based OTA Device Automation Framework to test OS/App updates.
Wrote test Automation on a TypeScript based Framework to test AWS Supply Chain.
Created a test strategy on how to test services and tools that serve all devices at amazon. This helps to scale the testing effort for the increasing number of devices.
Developed devices test lab that mimics user actions vs OS/App update use cases.
Created a captive portal environment to test Wi-Fi routing scenario on devices.
Introduced Wi-Fi throttling, Perf and security testing using Charles Proxy tool.
Wrote a JavaScript based tool that cleans S3 buckets and AppFlows to avoid failure due to storage limit. This tool helps to make releases simplified saving money and time.
Wrote a tool that summarizes active bugs and state of tasks in a sprint. This was a tool consuming data from an amazon internal bug/task management tool.
Led team of 6+ offshore Testers in India and China. Mentor and validate their work.

Environment: AWS, S3, NodeJS, DynamoDB, GitHub, Jira, Sim, Python, Java, ADB, shell, Charles Proxy

CapitalOne Investing Plc Dec 2012 – Nov 2016
Lead SDET

Project was developing & testing web services (SOAP & REST) consumed by applications serving >4m investors.

Wrote a Java Automation framework to test SOAP & REST webservices, UI and Mobile Apps across multiple platforms utilizing Appium (for Mobile) and Selenium web driver (Web App). Later migrated to .Net (C#).
Designed a test strategy for end-to-end functionality testing.
Worked as subject matter expert on security testing.
Utilize ETL testing to verify data coming from different sources has been extracted completely, transferred correctly, loaded in the appropriate format and assure high data quality (no duplicates and no data loss) is achieved before shown in the UI.
Led team of engineers (6+) to get projects done on time. Guide technically on deliverables.
Worked on CI/CD (creating Jenkins scripts, created environments …) in AWS.
Utilized Rest Assured to test Java REST and SOAP APIs
Worked on Node JS apps and created a test framework to test.
Created a Code coverage validation platform to make sure a set threshold is achieved.

Environment: SOAP & REST, NodeJS, AWS, GitHub, QC, VS, Selenium, Appium, Istanbul, gHooks, mocha & gunt
Microsoft Corporation Dec 2008 – Oct 2012
SDET

Worked on MS Support Services - a set of subscription-based capabilities for the distribution & controlled placement of Microsoft Support content and assets on multiple internet destinations.

Tested the delivery of MSS infrastructure to internal and external subscribers.
Developed test plan, test specification, Performance plan and automation plan.
Wrote test automation framework and created a test tool to test Service logging.
Did code coverage test, analyzed results & identified unused codes & missed test cases.
Ran security testing using CAT.Net, FXCop and introduced security code review process.
Did Stress & PLT (Webrunner using WRXml) testing and perform analysis.
Lead Product studio to TFS migration and wrote transition plan and reference manuals.
Lead the migration of MSS app to Azure (Cloud).

Environment: TFS, Visual Studio 2005/8, C# 2.0, Source depot, Product studio, WTT.

EDUCATION
M.Sc. in Computer Science, MUM, Fairfield, Iowa.
B.Sc. in Applied Mathematics, Addis Ababa University, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Contact this candidate