Yogita B Kaskar
ad5xjm@r.postjobfree.com +91-922**-***** Mumbai, India
SOFTWARE TESTING ISQTB CERTIFIED TESTER
SUMMARY
Over 15 years experience working as a Manual QA Engineer for Testing life cycle including preparation of Test Strategy,Test Plan,Test Cases,Test Summary report,Defect report .
5 years Automation Testing in BFSI and Loan Industry and Insurance Industry .Expertise in Automation testing tools as Selenium Web Driver,Cypress,Test NG, Cucumber,Python,Shellscripting JIRA,Maven,Jenkin
,SOAP,REST,POSTMAN,GitHub,VAPT
Expert in testing life cycle including Risk Analysis,Planning process,Test Design,Test execution,Defec t Tracking,Management and Test Reporting
Experience with Agile scrum,Waterfall,TDD Methodology .Presented Progress of Testing Process at Walkthrough and Inspection
Experience with Business functionality testing,End to End Testing,UAT,Regression Testin g,Performance Testing,Documentation and Reporting
Different types of functional and non-functional testings such as unit, integration, system, and acceptance testing.
Proficient with all phase of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Agile framework and STLC (Software Test Life Cycle) and ensured successful delivery of all testing metrics.
Adpet at identifying and reporting project bugs and ensuring resolution of the same by the development team in JIRA
Served as a liaison to the test implement team to ensure accurate testing, and regression testing.
Expertise in Analysis of Results and reporting suggestions and defects
Sound knowledge on C u c umber, Test NG Framework for Unit testing, Maven as Project building tool,Jenkin for continuous Integration
Web services testing SOAP UI,XML and WSDL .Experience in WEB Services testing like RESTAPI,SOAPUI and POSTMAN
Mobile testing using Android Studio and Appium
An independent thinker with high achievement orientation, whose roles have evolved through proven abilities and persistent high performance.
Report generation and taking screenshots while testing
MySQL Queries Test Case Development Quality Assurance Functional/Regression Testing Process Improvements Agile methodology Project Management Defect Management Automation Documentation Team Player
Software: C, C++, Java,Test Automation UI,JavaScript,Selenium,Cypress,Squish,QTP,Jenkins, JIRA,VAPT,TestRail,TFS,Git,SoapUI,Postman,REST, UNIX, Jmeter, Python, Appium,Android,IOS,Maven,Solaris, VC++, BREW, Embedded VC++, 3.0 (SDK Programming), AWT, SWING,Web Based application testing in Chrome,Mozilla and other browsers,database testing-SQL,BigBucket
,server,Oracle,SQLite
EXPERIENCE
Opendr Business Services Pvt. LTD., Mumbai – (March2023- May2023) Company has healthcare domain. Analyze User stories before starting the Sprint. Actively participitated in Agile ceremonies i.e. grooming session, Sprint Planning Meeting, Scrum Meeting, Sprint Review Meeting & Sprint Retrospective Meeting. Involved in handling client ticket.
Project Title : Opendoctor
Yogita B Kaskar
ad5xjm@r.postjobfree.com +91-922**-***** Mumbai, India CRM System for managing patient Order, Scheduling an Appointment for exam in different location CRM system to login multiple practice and referring user. Patient interface to enroll new patient and self- appointment Scheduling from patient. Validating real-time insurance coverage at the time of Appoint scheduling. Worked as a Senior QA in manual and Automation Testing
Yethi Consulting
Software Tester Dec2021-Nov2022
Worked as a Automation tester at the client side BFSI and Loan Domain
Experience in Finacle,Loans –SalesForce, Payment,Collection
Responsible for analysing Bussiness,Functional,Business Requirement Documents and preparing Complete TestPlan including System Test Plan,Integration TestPlan,QA Project Plan
Worked Data Driven testing using Selenium Web Driver,TestNG functions
Involved in Design and implementation Selenium WebDriver Automation Frameworks for Smoke and regression testSuits
Used Maven for WebDriver Framework
Involved in automation frameworks in selenium WebDriver using Behavior Driven Approach like Cucumber
Used Postman API to get convenient, visual display of query results.
Parameterised Testcases using different Annotation
Implemented PageObjectModel Automation framework for JAVA,Selenium WebDriver And Cucumber
Developed and executed SQL queries to verify Proper Insertion,Deletion and Update into the Supporting Database
Web Service Request Response Validations using POSTMAN and SOAP UI
Worked with Developer,Business Analyst and Project Manager to determine Requirements
Project Title: Kotak Mahindra Bank
Kotak mahindra bank LOS Loan System testing using SalesForce system and Automation of the Software .This product Will follow the Agile model for the SDLC
process. Giving Demo to a client, client training, requirement collection, Creating GAP sheet & with team checking all the development & deploy on the Production server Wohlig Pvt Limited
Software Tester, Sep2020 – Nov 2021
Web based testing in Automation Testing in Cypress,Selenium Java mainly into E-commerce Domain. Mobile testing,API testing. API testing using tools like SoapUI, POSTMAN etc.
Used Postman API to get convenient, visual display of query results.
Over one years of IT industry experience as Mobile application testing using APPIUM in the field of Android,IOS. Experience in Testing front end applications for Android and IOS phones
Used Selenium –Java and Cypress Automation for Web based Project
Analysis of nightly execution and prepare bug Report in JIRA
Strong in Database Testing and Writing the SQL queries.
Web Service Request Response Validations using POSTMAN and SOAP UI
Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Performance testing using Loadrunner and Jmeter
Excellent experience with source version control tools such as TFS&Git Yogita B Kaskar
ad5xjm@r.postjobfree.com +91-922**-***** Mumbai, India
Attended Daily Scrum Meeting and participated in weekly project status meeting and updated the testing Progress.
Project Title: SuratDream
This project is about E-commerce online Shopping of Garment Products .The user can See and Book,Order Different types of Product of Small,Medium,Large,XL sizes and Also can Transact it Online by all the mode of payments and Generation of Receipts .Client co-ordinate, understanding and managing client requirements, Following Agile module. Co-ordinate and discussion for requirement with project manager and developer. Giving Demo &
training to clients. Helping BA & marketing team at the time of client interaction TATA POWER COMPANY Mumbai, India
Software Tester, Nov2003 - June2019
Offering 16+ years experience. Accountable for end-to-end software testing responsibilities as part of 12-15 member team. Responsibilities include project planning and monitoring, SQA quality assurance, configuration management, DAR/CAR, risk management, issue/bug-fixing management, development of process templates such as QPM, OPD, OPF, QPM, &PPM. Reporting to Project Team Leader.
Ensuring all the assigned software development and maintenance projects are completed as per defined timelines, improved project productivity, project defect density and other critical project management & delivery elements.
Mainly into manual and automation testing of Softwares using Squish,Selenium-Java, Cypress . Testing Excellence
Understand customer requirements.
Attended Daily Scrum Meeting and participated in weekly project status meeting and updated the testing Progress.
Implemented and maintained Agile standards and methodology.
Analysis of nightly execution and prepare bug Report in JIRA
Review, creation and execution of test cases, test scripts and documentations related to functional, backend and integration testing based on the user stories.
Participated in walkthroughs and defect report meetings periodically.
Managed software defect information, interacted with Business users to fix severity and priority of issues.
Attend the bug triage meeting every day in scrum call
Authoring and executing test cases, checking and installing the required set-ups, conducting integration/immigration testing, bug-fixing and ensuring successful deployment of test cases.
Adopting various testing methodologies for functional/regression testing and re-testing of released versions.
Monitoring and reviewing all documentation such as requirement, design and test plans, ensuring updation of the documents as per guidelines as a Peer Reviewer, designing and implementing the QA processes.
Idenifying and reporting the defects and bugs to the team, resolving the issues and minimizing the project risk.
Analyzing the project data related to testing and audits and ensuring compliance with the company/client requirements and norms, presenting the analysis data to senior leadership teams for informed decision making.
Analyzing project management and other technical documents to deduce the process gaps and ensure 100% compliance.
Project Title: CMS, OGC,CCCOM,CCNCOM
CMS (Combat Management System) for the Indian Navy (Cochin Shipyard Ltd), created and executed Unit Test Cases,Integration Test Cases, PSAT (Acceptance Test Cases), TVPR, ITP and TVPR/ITP Reports.
OGC Server (WMS, WCS and WFS) Web based testing for TCS, executed test cases, tracked and reported defects, conducted regression/re-testing of released versions, reported bugs, indentified test scenariors and more.
CCCOM, CCNCOM and CCC project for client Defense Electronics Research Lab (DLRL).
TCT, Mission Management, Data Fusion, LIU, SC2-SMS, SC2-NMS, DDU, FCC MK-11, MRSAM, and AAD projects. Yogita B Kaskar
ad5xjm@r.postjobfree.com +91-922**-***** Mumbai, India
HEXAWARE LTD Mumbai, India
Software Tester, 10/2000 – 11/2001
Gained experience of working with VC++ and SDK programming while working on porting projects, debugged issues with emulators.
Completed the modules allotted such as the console, keyboard, field, collections, and calendar class among others.
Project Title: Porting on Windows SDK Platform on Goods Monitoring System Using Handheld Computers .The Project is based on Windows Based on the porting of Entire Code to Windows SDK Programming is Done also It is based on Goods transfers from various Godowns and Sent to the Different Malls and Shopping Centers Using Handheld Computers in United States
IIT-MUMBAI (DEPARTMENT OF ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING) Mumbai, India Project Engineer, 1/1999 – 7/2000
Joined as a Fresher and performed research on the subject of Wavelet transformation, worked on project – Transient Detection using Wavelet Transform and debugged and coded in the Java Applets.
Engaged in developmental work using Java, designed and implemented software for user specific data and processing.
Technologies:Java, AWT, SWING, C, and Sun Solaris Workstation.
Project Title: The Lab Coordinator and Lab assistance .Study the domain of Wavelet transformation And development of USer GUI in java Applet
EDUCATION
TERNA ENGINEERING COLLEGE (UNIVERSITY OF MUMBAI) Mumbai, India B.E – Electronics
CERTIFICATION
Certification of ISTQB
Certification in Audit CMMI Interpretation
TECHNICAL SKILLS
C C++ Java JavaScript Selenium Automation UI Cypress Squish QTP Python Jenkins JIRA TestRail TFS SQL SqlLite SoapUI Postman Oracle VC++ HTML .NET RFT Win Runner Load Runner
Web Testing Database Testing Mobile,Games and API testing Git BigBucket
Contact this candidate