DHANALAKSHMI.S
If unable to reach me, kindly reach me thro whatsapp +91-739******* ad602g@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhanalakshmi-chezhian-438a7b58 PRINCIPAL QUALITY ENGINEER
AUTOMATION PERFORMANCE TESTING SDLC FRAMEWORK PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFILE & VALUE
• Principal quality engineer with extensive experience in managing, leading and collaborating with a diverse muti-ethnic global team in manual and automation software testing for cloud-based enterprise systems.
• Competent in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC), SQA methodologies (Agile & Waterfall), various testing frameworks, evaluating test cases, identifying the gap details, reviewing features, analyzing functionality to identify common and complex software issues.
• Adept in managing projects, creating robust test documentation implementing new frameworks, processes, and technologies with good communication, interpersonal skills & high cognitive flexibility.
• Demonstrated success in leading a team of QA professionals, training new hires, client management and thriving in dynamic multi-cultural work environment. AREAS OF EXPERTISE
End-to-End System Testing Test
Script Creation and Test
Execution Performance Analysis
and Profiling Integration and
centralization Agile and SDLC
(Process management) System
Level Debugging Product
Delivery Testing Project and
team management Problem
detection and verification
Stakeholder management
Automation testing
CORE COMPETENCIES & TOOLS
Testing framework Manual & Automation Testing API testing Data driven framework Test driven framework. Test Tools Testrail Selenium 4.2 UX automation and API automation Postman. Scripts Java 14 ( spring boot ) C C++.
Repository Maven GitHub bitbucket source tree. Reporting /documenting tools JIRA (Zephyrscale) confluence. Database MongoDB SQL Server.
CI/CD, Cloud Azure cloud Jenkins.
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Minimized production bug escape ratio from 73 % to 15 % and facilitated the continuous improvement of automated build verification testing.
Augment customer retention and cost reduction by 15%. Employing integration and centralization techniques.
Proven success in stakeholder management, requirement handling, requirement management, process review, and leading projects
Automate test pipeline implementation and POC for build test verification for the release processes.
Received QA award for the best performance.
EXPERIENCE
Principal Quality Engineer (Sep 2021 – Present) at Concord Technologies Senior Engineer Testing (Mar 2020 – Sep 2021) at Concord Technologies
Utilize agile methodologies during regression test cycles, bug fixes, and closure.
Implement various bug types such as non-conformance (QA, QE, development activities), technical debt, and improvement opportunities.
Maintain RTM mappings for testing and test plans, test cycles, and test cases as part of the release process.
Mentored and onboarded new members and frameworks to facilitate continuous development.
Employ Azure apps insights for performance and security-related logging and exception monitoring and Azure metrics scheduler to monitor web applications.
Formulate a road map to address deliverables incrementally, communicate to stakeholders, obtain release approvals.
Resolved technical issues during software trials and predicted troubleshooting complications.
Develop automated software maintenance test cases, scripts, and procedures for quality assurance.
Execute automated tests for project deployment: Designed, executed, and maintained.
Utilize agile & scrum frameworks to complete releases on time and organize sprints effectively.
Improve team efficiency by using Agile software development methods.
Provided QA perspectives by monitoring the resolution of bugs, testing fixes, and helping developers to resolve ongoing issues.
Senior QA (September 2017 - Feb 2020) at Auxo Labs
Create and ratify requirements, along with testing the backend components via administration.
Implement test cases through a test trial using agile methodologies.
Provide daily status updates and troubleshooting for the services.
Collect requirements and SRS documentation along with the relevant QA activities.
Prepare and execute QA test cases, scripts, and procedures for automated software maintenance.
Automate test scripts for in-project deployments are designed and maintained.
Manage automated testing of products and features using accurate and successful test scripts.
Implement patches and updates at the development, testing, and quality assurance stages of the application.
Monitor and test bugs for developers and maintain documentation for future testing.
Create well-organized, efficient, and successful manual test cases for the entire team.
Reviewed configuration files and logs to troubleshoot code and identify root causes. QA Engineer (2015 - 2017) at Geazy Technologies
Design and implement systems to detect bugs and document test cases.
Perform and document risk assessment and test progress.
Implement automated tests, create test plans, identify software bugs, promote innovation and streamline testing processes.
Develop criteria for determining product quality and release readiness.
Research and evaluate the tested product's features and investigate innovative tools, technologies, and testing procedures.
Examine user interfaces for uniformity and functionality. PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
Senior QA Engineer (2012 to 2014) at Muthu Soft Labs. Test Engineer (2010 to 2012) at Infotrix technologies. Developer (2005 to 2006) at Aynara Technologies.
System Administrator (2002 – 2004) at National computer college PROJECTS HANDLED
Web Application: Referral Management.
UI Web application: CCW.
Artificial Intelligence: CAPTURE.
Platform Application: Next step, Bullhorn – Applicant Tracking System (ATS), Bullhorn – Customer Relations Management (CRM), Tamil Nadu Arasu cable Television Online Bill Payment System, Bay of Bengal Programme, M Trade, Tamil Virtual Academy, Feedback Management server.
EDUCATION
• MCA – Mater of Computer Application (Alagappa University).
• B.Sc – Bachelor of Science in Chemistry - Chellammal women’s college LICENCES & CERTIFICATION
• Selenium Automation with java at SLA soft logic - Feb 2020.
• Certification in Automation Testing at CAT.
• Preparation of ISTQB certification.
Contact this candidate