Meena Gaikwad
Email - ad63wm@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/meena-gaikwad-43a71a242
Cell - +1-508-***-****

OBJECTIVE: I am seeking a challenging position as a Senior QA Automation Engineer in a highly motivated, fast-paced, friendly environment that allows for career advancement and expansion in knowledge and skills. I am a senior QA Automation engineer with around ten years of experience. I am highly skilled in QA leadership, coordination, agile development methodologies, testing strategies, test plan creation, test execution, etc. I seek to leverage and employ the experience I have gained thus far as a multi-dimensional QA Lead to fulfill a senior QA role. I am a proven, hard-working team player with excellent analytical, organizational, and communication skills.

Professional Summary:
8+ years experience in Software Testing as an Automation Engineer (Selenium)/ Software Quality Analyst/ QA Tester in delivering critical solutions on various levels of Quality Assurance for Web-based and Client/Server-based applications.
Experience in full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Methodologies and Validations to ensure Quality Assurance Control.
Good experience in creating automation frameworks and developing, executing, and maintaining automation testing scripts with Selenium WebDriver.

Expert in Selenium Automation using WebDriver and Server. Heavy programming using Java and TestNG.
Conversant with Maven project build tools.
Expert in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) using Gherkin Language to write the acceptance criteria such as feature files, Scenarios, and outlines and performed the step decisions and runner classes using Cucumber.
Expert in integrating Automation scripts on the Continuous Integration tool Jenkins for nightly batch runs of the Script.
Extensive experience in software QA, performing manual and automated software testing, and writing test plans and test cases using various automation tools.
Experience in creating Test Plans, writing and executing Test Cases, Manual Testing, and automated Test Execution.
Extensive experience in GUI, Regression, Functional, Integration, System, User Acceptance (UAT), Sanity, Performance, Stress, Reliability, compatibility, Cross Browser, Security and Database Testing.
Good experience in Web Services testing using SOAP UI/Postman, XML. Providing required input data to request XML, getting the required data from response XML, and using the response data from another request XML using SOAP UI/Postman.
Proficient in overall Defect Management/Problem solving, including tracking bugs and reporting using HP Quality Centre, HP ALM, and Jira.
Experience using SQL Queries to ensure that data was entered properly in the right tables when the data was entered from the front-end screen.
Excellent understanding of waterfall model and agile methodology – SCRUM.
Excellent Communication with business owners and clients and involvement in every stage of project planning
Possess good communication skills, self-motivated, proactive, task-oriented, and a quick learner of new technologies. Mentors team members, leads and coordinates different groups, and trains recruits with business processes and methodologies.
Coordinated the test efforts of both onsite and offshore team members and managed the test efforts meeting the schedules and expectations
Possess Problem-Solving Skills, the Ability to Follow Industry standards and procedures quickly, and Master new concepts and Applications.
Involved in peer review meetings, requirement analysis, defect reviews with the development team, and training the team members.
Coordinated the test efforts of onsite and offshore team members and managed the test efforts, meeting the schedules and expectations.
Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision and perform as part of a team.

Technical Skills:

Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver/RC/IDE/GRID, Soap UI, Postman, Cucumber BDD,Katalon
Languages
HTML, CSS, Java, XML
Test Framework
TestNG
Project Methodologies
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Defect Tracking Tools
Jira, Quality Center, HP ALM
Build/ CI Tools
Maven, Jenkins
Packages
MS-Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access), MS-Project, JCI, Putty, FileZilla
Databases
Oracle, SQL Server
Operating Systems
Windows variants, UNIX

Education and Certification:
Bachelor of Arts in 2001
Certificate Diploma in Selenium Automation
Certified in Selenium Automation QA Tester from ISTQB
Jira and Confluence Certification from Udemy
WebServices Rest API Testing from Udemy
I attended various training and workshops for Selenium Automation /QA.

Professional Experience:
Nityo Infotech/Infosys In 2023
Wipro In 2022
Client: State Street, Boston MA 01760 July 2022 – Feb 2024
Role: Manual Tester and Automation QA
Responsibilities:

Designed manual and automated test cases in Jira and review with the QA Team and Development Team.
Executed the test cases manually and check the expected and actual results.
Executed the automation testing using Katalon.
Developed and documented complete testing process including accepted criteria of test cases and reviewed with QA team.
Responsible for reviewing the test cases of QA team members.
Used PL/SQL queries to check the results of the test cases in the various tables.
Used Bitbucket as central repository to perform Push, Pull, Stage, Stash, Status, Add, Clone and remove operations in local repositories.
Responsible for running the same tests on different browser versions as well as browsers (Chrome, Firefox).
Defects were identified, provided documentation and reviewed with development team for defect fixing.
Participated QA weekly, monthly and various other meetings and discussed enhancement and modifications.
Designed automated tests, created cases, and executed tests using Selenium WebDriver.
I exported test case scripts (Java-Selenium WebDriver) to Eclipse IDE and modified and executed the Selenium scripts.
Prepared Test Cases for GUI applications. Developed test scripts for data-driven testing using parameterization in QTP and an Excel sheet for test data and database queries based on the functionality.
Converted manual test scripts to automated test scripts in Quick Test Professional and enhanced the scripts by adding user-defined functions.
I worked on automated test scenarios for GUI, functionality, integration, database, boundary, security, and regression testing using Quick Test Professional.
Involved in testing the backend Database and retrieved the data from the tables using SQL.
I worked on the high-level framework, identifying the functional areas and creating different functions to make the scripts reusable in Quick Test Professional.
Prepared test scripts using Quick Test Professional with checkpoints and regular expressions for handling windows with different names.
Used Maven to help manage project builds, reports, and documentation across the network.
Created automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using a behavior-driven approach like Cucumber.
Created automation test plans and deployed test cases on Jenkins for a continuous integration test.
Used GitHub as a central repository to perform Push, Pull, Stage, Unstage, Stash, Status, Add, Clone, and remove operations in the local repository GIT.
Developed Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure an appropriate level of test coverage.
Involved in running Selenium automation scripts and updating the scripts according to enhanced requirements using Selenium WebDriver.
Responsible for running the same tests on different browser versions and browsers (Chrome, Firefox).
Participated in weekly QA and other meetings and discussed enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.

Technologies: Java, Katalon, Sauce Labs, Github,TestNG, Cucumber, Agile, XML, JSON HTML, Fire Path, Firebug, Jira, SQL, Windows XP, Putty, Filezila, Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, Jira, Eclipse, XPATH, GitHub, SQL, Agile and Windows.

Client: Country Financial, Bloomington, IL. Nov 2020 – July 2022
Role: Automation Engineer (QA)
Responsibilities:
Analyzed the Business Requirements Document, put input in the Test Plan, and prepared detailed Test Cases for new functionality.
Involved in test case review by the development team and product management and modified the test cases based on their feedback.
Designed and developed Page Objects using the Page Object Design Pattern and Selenium WebDriver.
Developed an automated test suite from scratch with Java and Selenium for periodic product testing.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it using TestNG.
Responsible for creating the functional testing framework using TestNG and Selenium WebDriver to automate the UI components.
Developed and executed White box test cases of the Java API using the TestNG framework & Eclipse.
Used Maven to help manage project builds, reports, and documentation across the network.
Created automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using a behavior-driven approach like Cucumber.
Created automation test plans and deployed test cases on Jenkins for a continuous integration test.
Used GitHub as a central repository to perform Push, Pull, Stage, Unstage, Stash, Status, Add, Clone, and remove operations in the local repository GIT.
Performed manual and Front-end Web-based Functionality testing for Smoke, Regression, Integration, and System testing.
Developed Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure an appropriate level of test coverage.
Involved in running Selenium automation scripts and updating the scripts according to enhanced requirements using Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in testing GUI front-end applications in Java and HTML.
Responsible for running the same tests on different browser versions and browsers (IE, Firefox).
Performed REST API Testing using HTTP java Test Client for SOAP/REST web APIs.
Tested request and response XML's based web services interfaces using Postman. Performed Web Services Testing and XML validation by creating a Postman test case suite.
Documented defects with high detail, accuracy, and informative recreation steps using HP ALM.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for the database and used SQL queries to retrieve data from the database and execute user-specific test cases.
Followed Agile testing methodology, participated in daily SCRUM meetings, and tested each SPRINT deliverables.
Participated in weekly QA and other meetings and discussed enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.

Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, HP ALM, Eclipse, Postman, Rest API, XPATH, GitHub, SQL, Agile and Windows.

Client: Flag Star Bank, Troy, MI. Sep 2019 – Oct 2020
Role: Automation Engineer (QA)
Responsibilities:
Analyzed the Business Requirements Specification, System Requirements Specification, and User Interface Specification documents.
Developed and executed Test Plans, Test scenarios, Test Cases, and Test Scripts for Manual and Automation Testing.
Developed and designed necessary test plans and scripts for functional and performance testing using Selenium Web Driver.
Created and Developed Automation test framework using Selenium WebDriver and executed TestNG Test Cases in Eclipse IDE.
Responsible for developing a test automation Framework using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG.
I worked on an automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to test cases on multiple browsers and platforms.
Using QTP/UTF, Performed Integration, Regression, End, Systems, and Backend testing
Developed automated test process using Quick Test Pro to create scripts for regression testing
Execute Test steps from test scripts, report the defects, and track them to the closure
Reviewed Test Cases and Test Scripts. Prepared Test data required for regression testing
Verified and validated the functionality of the product
Used Java as Selenium WebDriver's client library to design and develop an Automation test Framework using TestNG.
Developed Maven Build scripts to run Sanity Test scripts developed in Selenium WebDriver.
Proven success in establishing agile test practices, including acceptance test automation using Cucumber during acceptance test-driven development methodology.
Responsible for Integrating Selenium Tests with Jenkins for Continuous Integration.
I used the GitHub repository to run the Jenkins job for continuous integration.
Involved in GUI testing, integration testing, navigation testing, and regression testing using web and client-server applications.
Performed Regression Testing for every modification made in the application and new builds using Selenium WebDriver.
Wrote highly efficient and maintainable Java code to develop Page Objects using the Selenium Framework.
Involved in SOA testing for Payments APIs using Postman and Java framework for Web Services testing.
Tested applications in different browsers and versions, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Google Chrome, to simulate the production environment.
Analyzed test results, tracked the defects, and generated reports using the Quality Center.
Involved in back-end testing using SQL queries. Performed back-end testing on Oracle and SQL Server databases by writing SQL queries to ensure the contents displayed on the UI were correct as per requirements specifications.
Actively participated in stand-up meetings, walkthrough meetings, weekly assessment meetings, and daily bug triage meetings. Interacted with developers and business analysts to ensure the high quality of the application under test.

Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, TestNG, Jenkins, Cucumber, Postman, XPATH, XML, Eclipse, Quality Center, Agile, SQL, Oracle, Windows.

Client: Chewy.com, Dania Beach, FL. Apr 2018 – Aug 2019
Role: QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
Analyzed functional requirements and documented user specifications and business rules.
Involved in writing Test Plans and Test case documents.
Designed automated tests, created cases, and executed tests using Selenium WebDriver.
Developed automated script for back-end testing using Selenium IDE.
I exported test case scripts (Java-Selenium WebDriver) in Eclipse IDE, modified the Selenium scripts, and executed them.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it using Selenium.
Performed Regression testing for new builds and every modification in the application using Selenium WebDriver.
I worked on Selenium to create and execute test cases for functionality testing of a web app.
Involved in defining test automation strategy and test scenarios, created automated test cases and test plans, and executed tests using Selenium WebDriver.
Performed system-level integration and load and performance testing of the application.
Validated sites across browsers and operating systems and verified the accuracy of links, visual presentation, and alignment with design specifications.
Prepared a Report on all automation difficulties and test results for further application.
Developed and executed automation and manual test cases for functional testing of various application modules.
Verified the application on different web browsers such as IE, Mozilla, Firefox, and Opera.
Tested web-based applications on different operating systems, such as Windows XP, Vista, and UNIX. Also, tested the application for different Java versions.
Developed and documented a complete testing process with well-written test cases.
Performed data accuracy, validation, and integrity testing by querying the database using SQL queries to check the data table on the server.

Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Eclipse, HTML, SOAP, Quality Center, SQL, and Windows.

Client: Synovus, Columbus, GA. Jun 2015 – Mar 2018
Role: QA Tester
Responsibilities:
Involved in requirements gathering and setting up the QA Team.
Frequent interaction with the developer team and conduct meetings.
Worked with test cases and scripts and modified them to accommodate new changes to the software/applications.
Defects were identified, and documentation was provided to the development team for debugging.
Tested the application manually before automation for functional testing.
Performed Manual performance testing to identify various critical points in the application.
Created Test Cases, Test Plans, and Test labs using the Quality Centre.
Supported new and existing products by configuring and testing a website's software products and components.
Reviewed Designs and Specifications and created test cases based on content.
Tested applications Performed Regression and Integration Testing.
Devised test Procedures /Bug tracking mechanisms, Timelines, Schedules, Software standardization, collection and analysis of user requirements, and Black Box testing.
Tested complex PL/SQL queries.
Developed test scripts for manual/automatic tests.
Involved in document preparation and future releases.

Environment: Java, Manual Testing, HTML, Oracle, PL/SQL, Shell, Windows.
Contact this candidate