Evgeny Nagaev
Glendale, CA *****
628-***-****
ad64fi@r.postjobfree.com

SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER

Summary
Software QA Tester with 3+ years of experience in all phases of Manual Testing.
Knowledge and experience in Software Development Life Cycle in an Agile environment.
Hands-on experience in testing Web applications, Mobile Applications, and Test Automation.
Proficient in analyzing Business/System Requirement documents, writing, and executing Test Cases, Reporting, and Tracking Defects.
Experienced in testing API using Postman tools. Write and execute SQL queries to verify frontend test results against the database.
Ability to manage multiple projects and adjust to changing priorities. Enjoy working in a fast-paced dynamic environment.

Technical Skills
Platforms:
iOS, Windows, UNIX/LINUX, Android, XM
Programming:
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL
Database:
Oracle, MySQL, Amazon S3/S3 Browser
Test Automation:
Selenium Web Driver, IntelliJ, Cucumber/Gherkin, Git/GitHub
Web Services:
RESTful API, Postman/Newman, Swagger/OAS, Charles, Docker Desktop, MAMP
Testing Tools:
Chrome DevTools, ChroPath
Mobile Testing:
Android Studio, ADB/AVD, VSCode
Bug Tracking:
Jira, Xray, Confluence
Other:
Google Drive, Trello, Miro, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Teams, Slack, Dropbox

Work Experience
SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER
QA Tronix Inc 12/2020 - Present
Participate in testing of multiple web-based and mobile software projects working as a member of an Agile team, closely collaborated with the product management and developers.
Analyze requirements, created, and maintain Test Documentation using Confluence.
Develop and execut test cases, using Xray /Jira to monitor test executions, and capture results.
Execut Smoke and Regression testing for every new build.
Work closely with test automation engineers to contribute to creating Cucumber scenarios working with Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Java-based framework using Git/GitHub
Develop RESTful API tests based on Swagger documentation and execute them via Postman, using different types of variables (local, environment, global)
Automate API collections using JavaScript and run them through Postman collection runner.
Develop and execute SQL queries to validate frontend and backend data integrity (MySQL)
Develop, maintain, and execute test cases and regression scenarios for mobile applications.
Perform cross-platform testing of the mobile application using Android and iOS platforms.
Collect and analyze logs using ADB command tool for Android applications.
Verify fixed bugs and provide feedback at weekly Sprint Review meetings.
Report issues to JIRA and follow up on bugs until complete resolution.
Participate in formal and informal product design reviews throughout the software development lifecycle to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules, and potential software issues.

INTERNET MARKETING SPECIALIST
City Administration, Aikhal, Russia 02/2016 – 07/2020
●Updated content for SEO, producing promotional event commercials.
●Communicated with clients to address their needs and negotiated advertisement campaigns.
●Conducted competitor analysis, using various measures to increase web traffic.
●Collaborated with internal teams to enhance design, usability, content of websites.

NEWS ANCHOR/SPORTS REPORTER
Regional Broadcasting Network, Novosibirsk, Russia 2011 – 2013, 2015
Worked closely with the sports team to develop comprehensive sports coverage.
Performed on air news anchor work and special projects as assigned.
Set up, composed, and executes video shots.
Wrote, edited, researched. and coordinated sports programming and other content.
Ensured that all sports content met the company standards for journalistic integrity and production quality.

Education
Journalist, "Novosibirsk State Pedagogical University" Faculty "Institute of Philology, Mass Information and Psychology", Novosibirsk, Russia
Advanced Software Quality Assurance Testing Course, Los Altos, CA
Contact this candidate