Karuna Biswas
347-***-****
ad668z@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Over 15 years’ experience in IT industry with over 10 years of Software/QA Test Engineer, Manual, Automated & Mobile Testing on various operating systems and platforms using industry leading tools & techniques. I’m currently seeking an eminent opportunity where I can invest and be an asset by exploiting my years of extensive & professional experience.

EDUCATION & ACHIEVEMENTS
Bachelor of Business Administration
Airport Operations – Advanced (IATA)
SWAT (Student Who Advance Technology) member of the month awards

COMPUTERSKILLS
Operating System & Language: Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Win 95/98, UNIX, Mac OS, VBScript, HTML, SQL, J2EE, C++, .Net, Java, JavaScript.
Test & Defect Tracking Tools: Microsoft Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server, Selenium WebDriver, Apache JMeter, Enterprise Architect, IBM Rational ClearQuest, Silk Central, HP Quick Test Professional (QTP), HP Quality Center (QC), Jira, DeviceAnywhere.
Databases &Network: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Developer, SQL Server, TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP.
Microsoft Tools: MS Office, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, MS Visio and MS Projects.
Browsers: Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Chrome, Opera.
Mobile Technologies : Android OS, Apple iOS, Tablets, RIM OS, CDMA, GSM, LTE, 3G, 4G.

PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND
Over 15 years of experience in Software Quality Assurance/Software Testing area - Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies, Test Plan, Test Strategy, creation & execution of Manual & Automated Test Scripts for both Web-based & client server applications.
Development & maintain experience of Test Artifacts - Requirements Traceability Matrices (RTM), Test Execution Report, Test Cases and Test Scripts from Use Cases, Design Documents & Project Artifacts.
Experience in Web & Client based software/applications on various development & other technologies - XML, HTML, JavaScript, .NET, ASP.NET, Visual Basic, C++, Java, J2EE.
Expert in the use of Selenium WebDriver, HP QuickTest Professional (QTP), Apache JMeter, Team Foundation Server, Enterprise Architec, IBM Rational ClearQuest, Silk Central, HP Quality Center (QC) and HP LoadRunner.
Strong knowledge & possess experience in writing Test Cases, Requirements Analysis, Test Plans and reporting bugs and raising issues to team lead, QA manager, Project Manager and other teams.
Practical experience with writing SQL queries and Databases - Oracle, TOAD and SQL Developer.
Proficient with various environments & platforms - Windows XP, Windows 7, Microsoft Office suite, desktop management, file management, spreadsheet, and database management software.
Deep understanding with QA Methodology and QA Validations to ensure Quality Assurance Control.
Strong mobile telecommunications industry knowledge & experience with handset manufacturers, network equipment vendors, and/or mobile operators - wireless technologies, CDMA, LTE, 3GPP2, 3GPP, 4G, Oss.
Proficient in presenting Test Status Report to project teams and upper management that included test execution, coverage, system changes, issues, and potential impact analysis.
Experience working in a formal application development environment with an established Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Bug/Defect Life Cycle (BLC).
Expert in the use of Team Foundation Server, Enterprise Architec, IBM Rational ClearQuest, Silk Central, HP Quality Center (QC), HP QuickTest Professional (QTP), HP LoadRunner.
Performed Black-Box/Functional/GUI Testing, System Testing, Smoke Testing, Regression Testing, Load and Performance Testing of Web and Client/Server based applications by various testing tools.
Used software quality principles and systems knowledge to review & analyze functional requirements, architectural overviews & system specifications to ensure requirements are complete, accurate and testable.
Strive to apply best practices to utilize technology in the quality assurance process in a way that ensures the delivery of stable systems while reducing support.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in expressing ideas clearly to individuals and groups including the ability to effectively document procedures, processes and results.

WORKINGEXPERIENCE
Sr. Systems Engineer // Collins Aerospace // December 2014 – Present
Annapolis, MD
Job Responsibilities:

Analyze requirements to write or modify viable test cases and scenarios.
Update requirements and test cases in response to customer feedback.
Update compliance matrices for upcoming project proposals.
Lead test efforts for a variety of products and integrations.
Create/Edit Documentation for admin, end-user, and installation guides.
Create wiki pages for in-house documentation of common troubleshooting and configuration issues.
Install and configure software across single and clustered servers.
Install and configure native and Biztalk software integrations.
Test fat-client applications for Baggage and Passenger handling systems.
Test web software for Passenger, Baggage, and Operational flights databases.
Query SQL Database ensuring data are being recorded into the proper locations and integration is acting as expected.
Test software for Resource management systems.
Test integrations between multiple systems and services.
Accurately document and report defects using Rational Clearquest and Team Foundation Server (Microsoft Visual Studio).
Provide support and training for team-members on an ‘as-needed’ basis for testing.
Write and present end of test reports upon completion of test cycles.
Work with the development team and program manager to address critical issues in a manner that will satisfy the customer needs.
Help maintain the Testing Lab and provide support for other testers who have specific hardware requirements for their testing.
Troubleshoot software and hardware’s to isolate issues and resolve them.
Testing applications across multiple platforms such as Microsoft Windows, Windows Server, MacOS and Android.
Keep track of and manage test efforts for multiple different projects within the same time period (both Agile and Waterfall methodologies).
Write and present test readiness review (TRR) with Project Manager (PM), Test Manager, Business Analyst (BA), Change Management (CM), Developers and with Development Manager.
Write and present management release meetings (MRM) with Project Manager (PM), Test Manager, Business Analyst (BA), Change Management (CM), Developers and with Development Manager.

Software QA Engineer // Maryland Judicial Information System // January 2012 – October 2014
Annapolis, MD
Job Responsibilities:
Review product design documentations to ensure that requirements stated are correct, unambiguous, and verifiable.
Consult with product development (BA, PM) to evaluate system interfaces, operational requirements, and performance requirements of overall system.
Define test methods and create Test Cases/Scenarios, Test Procedures/Scripts & Test Data from Test Plans for new or updated software projects/documents to determine if the software will perform accurately and reliably according to documented requirements as well as established standards under both normal and abnormal conditions.
Create Test Notification forms, Test Readiness checklist, Execute Test Cases/Scripts to ensure that systems function as required. Log, triage & report defects into project defect tracking tools (Silk Central).
Escalate key testing issues/risks & provide feedback to QA Manager and other project stakeholders as appropriate (following Bug Life Cycle).
Prepare Test Summary Reports to describe program evaluation, testing and corrections.
Perform Sanity/Smoke, Functional, Integration, System/End-to-end, Usability & Regression Tests which involves End-to-End testing, ensuring that the integrated components of the application functions as expected. The entire application is tested in a real-world scenario such as communicating with the database, network, hardware and external systems/applications (Law Enforcement, Commissioners Tools, LexisNexis, etc.).
Maintain effective communication with Project Manager, Business Analyst and Performance team on project limitation, capability, performance requirement and hardware interface changes.
Assist with the development of a quality assurance and test framework that will be integrated within the project lifecycle.
Discover bugs by executing tests and immediately report Bugs to defect tracker, for developers using Silk Central tool by following Bug Life cycle as defined in the project.

Quality Assurance Analyst // MetLife // October 2009 - October 2011
Clarks Summit, PA
Job Responsibilities:
Designed, documented, and executed Manual test cases to validate functionalities within various applications versions from various Project Artifacts.
Performed mobile testing on live devices and used simulator called DeviceAnywhere.
Performed compatibility, functional and smoke testing on mobile devices including Blackberry RIM, Android, iOS and Windows Mobile devices.
Tested both Metlife’s mobile app and web app on all mobile devices.
Produced well-structured, documented and maintainable Test Cases for Manual Testing that supported the quality assurance Test Cycle within the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in Scrum environment.
Executed SQL queries in Oracle database to verify the accuracy of the data on Graphical User Interface (GUI), validate various business transactions, and verify data constraints.
Performed Backend Testing using SQL queries to retrieve data and verify domain data in DB.
Led in creating Test Artifacts - Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Cases and execution of Test Cases from Design Documentation (DD) and Functional Specifications (FR/SS).
Performed client/server, Black-box, Positive/Negative, and Relational Database Testing.
Maintained Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) to measure testing process, and created Test Data and Test Bed for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Developed Test Strategy & Test Plan to efficiently test mobile applications on various mobile devices - 3G/4G, smart phones, tablets, Mobile OS.
Responsible for satisfying application on android and iOS versions.
Analyzed test results, and documented defect/issues using test & defect tracking tool HP Quality Center.
Troubleshot with Business Analyst, Development and QA peer to replicate/identify and resolve issues arose during the Software Testing (STLC) phases.
Accessed Oracle database & wrote numerous SQL JOIN queries for data analysis & comparison.
Performed application testing on Android/iPhone devices.
Participated in Walkthrough, Inspections Reviews and User Group team meetings.
Used HP Quality Center (QC) to log & report Defects and managed through to resolution by working with appropriate development and business resources.

Quality Assurance Tester // Farmers Insurance // April 2008 - October 2009
Schaumburg, IL
Job Responsibilities:
Reviewed Business Requirement Documents (BRD) and the Functional Specifications to ensure what needs to be solved or improved in a new feature.
Wrote, developed and executed manual test plan, test scenarios and test cases using HP Quality Center (QC) to satisfy SDLC - Testing Phase and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Designed Manual Testing Strategy and performed Database Testing by passing SQL Queries and retrieved information from Database.
Reviewed System and Functional Requirements and extracted requirements to use in preparing Test Plans and Test Scripts.
Extensively used Quality Center (QC) to perform Manual Testing & logging and tracking Defects.
Analyzed and reported Test Execution Results to make sure requirements have been met and existing system requirements have not been broken.
Executed and analyzed manual and automated test scripts across multiple modules.
Enhanced the regression test suite to improve the code coverage, reviewed, maintained and created test coding standards and processes.
Interacted with developers and SME’s to minimize the cause of the defects.
Attended Daily Status calls with on-shore/off-shore development team and provided QA updates.
Conducted Integration Testing, System Integration Testing and Regression Testing.
Developed and executed SQL Queries.
Conducted Beta Test on the application to ensure that major bugs are not present.
Prepared and submitted work flow Test Cases for User Acceptability Testing (UAT).
Used Quality Center for entire management of test assets in the application.

Hardware and Software Specialist // The Minacs Group // Jan 2005 - Feb 2008
Orillia, Ontario, Canada
Job Responsibilities:
Conducted quality review of telephone representatives' performance.
Ensured quality service goals and standards are met and identify areas where improvement can be achieved.
Supported Apple CPU (both hardware and software including MAC OS).
Supported Wireless Multimedia team (Airport Express, Airport Extreme, Time Capsule, iPad and Apple TV).
Audited representatives' inbound and outbound phone calls.
Verified that representatives are providing up-to-date information and communicating effectively to callers.
Coordinated with department Team Leaders and Managers to ensure appropriate number of audits is performed.
Answer inbound calls and help clients with their technical issues over the phone.
Perform data entry services for the company in regards to punching in user information, call logs and successful sales.
Followed up calls and resolved user issues.
Transferred misrouted calls to appropriate departments.
Contacted Senior Advisor’s via telephone to gather data and to ensure users complaints gets resolved.
Contact this candidate