Alla Yeroshchenko
Automation QA Engineer
Redwood City, CA • ad6arr@r.postjobfree.com • 650-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/alla-yeroshchenko • US Citizen Experienced Automation QA Engineer specializing in quality assurance automation across diverse industries, including software development, business, and manufacturing. With over 20 years of experience in software development and a strong background in Computer Science, exceptional problem-solving and analytical abilities, consistently delivering creative and innovative solutions to complex challenges. Skills:
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, MacOS, Android, iOS Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Frameworks & Tools: Django, Bash, NumPy, Pandas, XML, JSON, YAML, Splunk, Git Databases: SQL, MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL
Testing Tools: Jira, TestRail, Zephyr, Selenium WebDriver, PyTest, Unit Test Work Experience
Software Development Engineer in Test
Align Technologies, San Jose, CA Jan 2021 – Now
● Engage actively in all phases of the software development process for the Invisalign system products, including planning, development, testing, and deployment activities.
● Automate tests for desktop Windows applications using Python for both API and GUI testing, aiming to maximize test coverage.
● Develop and maintain a robust automation framework to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the testing process.
● Utilize problem-solving and analytical skills to diagnose and resolve complex issues, propose effective solutions, and identify and provide feedback on the gap/anomalies in the requirements.
● Apply strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively within cross-functional teams in different time zones.
Software Development Engineer
Hitsan Inc., Odesa, Ukraine July 2016 – Mar 2018
● Developed and maintained modules for cost calculations, inventory management, and production operations.
● Incorporated modules to support new product types while maintaining consistency across the application.
● Provided ongoing support for the company's daily manufacturing and financial operations. ERP System Software Development Engineer
Independent Consultant, Odesa, Ukraine Sep 2005 – Mar 2018
● Designed and implemented custom applications to assist small businesses in automating processes, resulting in reduced errors and expenses, streamlined complex operations, and increased business efficiency and profitability.
● Administered databases, offered end-user support, and organized backup processes to mitigate the risk of data loss.
● Integrated ERP applications with banking systems, websites, and tax inspection applications.
● Collaborated with business owners, managers, business analysts, and accountants to establish custom business process requirements for operational support software. Professor’s Assistant
Odesa National Polytechnic University, Odesa, Ukraine Sep 2006 – Aug 2008
● Conducted practical classes for students in disciplines such as Fundamentals of Databases, C/C++ programming languages, and Informatics.
● Developed instructional materials for students.
Software Development Engineer
Institute of Super Compression Technologies, Odesa, Ukraine Dec 2000 – Aug 2003
● Developed algorithms for image processing and metrics using C/C++ programming languages. Education
Master’s Degree in Computer Science Sep 1992 – May 1997 Odesa National Polytechnic University, Odesa, Ukraine Upwardly Global 2020
Certifications
● Python 3: Deep Dive 2022
● Google IT Automation with Python Certification, 2020
● Security testing 2020
● Codility Golden Award Silver 2020
● The Modern Python 3 Bootcamp, 2019
● Python Programming for Testers 2019
Contact this candidate