ELENA KRYTSYNA
650-***-**** ad6b9x@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/elenakrytsyna/
CAREER SUMMARY
Experienced Lead QA Engineer / SDET with a keen eye for detail, particularly in insurance and education. Skilled in managing large-scale projects, I specialize in conducting thorough manual and automation testing that covers both functional and non-functional elements. I maximized in automating test cases for integration, end-to-end, and regression testing. With a strong background in project leadership and testing, I consistently strive for excellence and foster collaboration in dynamic environments.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools : JIRA, TestRail, Zephyr, TestLink,Confluence, Postman, Swagger UI, AWS Automation Frameworks : Cypress, Jest, Testim, Cucumber Programming Languages : Selenium, TypeScript, JavaScript, Python Databases : Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL Build/CI Tools : CircleCI, BrowserStack, GitHub, GitLab Operating System : Mac OS, Windows, Linux, Android, iOS Soft Skills : Active Listening, Collaboration, Organized, Analytic Skills, Self-Motivated PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Lead QA Engineer/ SDET Hippo Insurance (Palo Alto CA ) Jan 2020 - May 2024
● Leading QA efforts through test design, implementation, execution and support for new features, products and working with cross-functional teams to achieve such efforts, managing a team of 5 QA engineers in different zones.
● Implemented and supported end-to-end automation suites to optimize testing processes and enhance efficiency. Reached achieving a 95% test coverage and 25% reduction in critical bugs.
● Testing mobile app using Browserstack and real devices
● Designed and developed integration and end-to-end test frameworks for UI, using Testim, Cypress and JavaScript, and for back-end, using Selenium, TypeScript and Python.
● Conducted thorough back-end testing, using tools such as Postman, APIs, DB, and AWS S3 bucket to validate system functionality and maintain data integrity.
● Skilled in creating progress guidelines and training material, contributing to product development and QA progress enhancement. Experience in managing sprint releases and settings OKRs, while overseeing team and performance mentoring.
● Tracked and evaluated performance of the testing. Optimaxe process of testing.
● Collaborated closely with engineering, risk, and compliance teams to improve QA methodologies, implement best practices, and align product requirements with industry regulations
Senior QA Engineer Trucker Path (Mountain View) Nov 2017 - Oct 2019
● Led projects from scratch to completion, gathering requirements, writing test plans and test cases, setting up test
● environments, executing and closing tests
● Worked closely with developers in a fast-paced Agile environment, increasing test process efficiency
● Designed and implemented test strategy for multi-currency e-commerce launch
● Tested complex backend tasks that involves database testing using SQL and API testing using Swagger-UI/Postman
● Contributed to the overall quality of the company's resource management component by automating critical tests with Selenium using Python, achieving 90% coverage in pre-prod environments Senior QA Engineer Signatec (Novosibirsk Russia) Oct 2006 - Jul 2017
● Tested desktop applications using industry-standard tools and techniques such as exploratory testing to ensure the functionality, reliability, and performance of the applications.
● Conducted thorough back-end testing, using tools such as VWare, Postman, AWS and SQL, Selenium to validate system functionality and maintain data integrity.
● Creating test plans and test scenarios for new functionalities. Used Cucumber for support driven development.
● Familiarity with Agile methodologies, including daily stand-ups and sprint planning.
● Ability to develop comprehensive test cases aligned with business requirements.
● Thorough understanding of various testing types, including smoke, functional, UI, and regression testing. EDUCATION:
Master’s Degree of Mathematics and Computer Science (Novosibirsk State Technical University, Russia)
Contact this candidate