NAYEEM
Email: ad6c7b@r.postjobfree.com
PH: 507-***-****
Sr. QA Automation Tester
Professional Summary:
Over 10+ years of extensive experience as Automation Engineer and Manual Tester for client-server and web- based applications.
Strong understanding of SDLC, STLC and QA methodologies which enables me to actively contribute to Requirement Gathering, Test Planning, Test Cases, Test Data Set up, Manual testing, Black box testing and Defect Tracking.
Good Knowledge on Cucumber framework and writing Step definitions for Feature files written in Gherkin language
Maintained the Selenium and Java automation code and resources in source controls like GitHub over the time for improvements and new features.
Good Knowledge in OOPS (Object Oriented Programming) concepts using scripting language java.
Proficient in Application Lifecycle Management Tools like JIRA and ALM (Quality Center) including Defect Reporting and Tracking.
Automation tool and scripting experience for both front end and APIs (Selenium Web driver, C#, Java, JavaScript, Visual Studio, VSTS Coded UI, Cucumber, MS Test, Python and JMeter).
Created automated script for REST-API testing using Rest Assured framework.
Experience in working for cloud migration and data testing.
Proficient in both Manual Testing and Automation Testing using tools such as Selenium (Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, and Selenium WebDriver), TestNG, Eclipse.
Expertise in writing Test strategy, Test Plan Preparation and Implementation of Test Case Design, Test Tool usage, Test execution, Defect Management and Defect Tracking.
Experience working in Agile Environment and tested the application under SCRUM (Agile) Methodology and attended Daily Scrum meet for status reporting.
Extensive experience in Integration testing, System testing, Smoke testing, Regression testing, Performance testing, Functional testing.
Build and enhanced automated test framework using Cypress and Page Object Model concepts
Developed Data Driven Tests using QTP, HP ALM, QC and automated functional testing. Developed automated scripts and frameworks using Java and VB Script.
Performed Cross-Browser and Compatibility Testing to test whether the web applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
Good exposure to REST Assured and Soap ui Web Webservices testing using SOAP UI, postman.
Involved in testing Web services and XML with a tool called SOAP UI. Used this tool to locate WSDL files on the internet, create Test cases, run them, do load testing, security testing.
Good Understanding of various kinds of databases, Relational and Non-Relational.
Tested HIPAA regulations.
Extensive knowledge in developing applications in a single page (SPAs) using various JavaScript frameworks like AngularJs, Pure CSS and Bootstrap.
Providing timely resolutions to the incidents raised in Incidence / Change Management Portal.
Experience in working on Job scheduler and monitoring jobs for any issues.
Excellent Communication skills and ability to work either independently or in a team and to handle multiple tasks to meet deadlines and deliverables.
Technical Skills:
SDLC: Waterfall, Agile/SCRUM
Version control: GIT
Frameworks: Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM)
Language: Java, JavaScript, Angular.js, Angular
Test Management Tools: JIRA, Bugzilla, ALM, QC.
Cloud Technologies: AWS
Testing Tool: Manual, Selenium WebDriver, Test NG, Cucumber, postman, SOAPUI, UFT, Cypress, Selenium, WebDriver, TestNG Programming
Test Build & Integration Tools: Maven, Jenkins
Databases: SQL
Text File Tools: Excel, Notepad++

Professional Experience:
Ecolab, St Paul MN September 2022 to Present
QA Automation Tester
Responsibilities:
Implemented Standardized and Unified process throughout the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Reviewed Use Case Requirement, Functional Design Documents and Technical Specification documents and Developed Test Cases after analyzing the BRD’s.
Involved in Functional, Integration, Regression and End-to-End testing of the application against user requirements.
Maintained knowledge of Medicare and Medicaid rules and regulations pertaining to the Facets configuration and evaluated the impact of proposed changes in rules and regulations.
Performed Unit testing for using TestNG using JAVA.
Used angular-cli tool to configure the angular project and build it for development of Angular application using Angular 4.
Performed Cross Browser Testing on several types of browsers to run all the tests at the same using TestNG, Selenium Grid.
Extensive testing experience with Members enrollment, Member services, Premium billing, Provider management, Claims processing, Provider reimbursement and Claims adjudication.
Collaborated with the QA team to define test strategies and test plans for multiple projects. Conducted functional, integration, and regression tests to validate the quality of web application
Participated in walkthroughs for the evaluation of the test plan with the design and development. Worked with Selenium WebDriver with Java to write test scripts.
Involved end to end testing of Billing, Claim Processing and Subscriber/Member module.
Tested REST and SOAP Web services/ API’s using the client application such as POSTMAN to validate request and response.
Implemented Two-way data-binding in AngularJS which helps the application handle the automatic synchronization of data between the model and view components using typescript and angular
Developed frameworks from scratch using cypress to create and execute automated UI test cases using languages such as JavaScript, React JS, Node JS, HTML and CSS.
Drives the requirements management process across the software development lifecycle
Worked on both manual and Automation testing to troubleshoot systems by performing User Acceptance, API Testing, Positive and Negative testing, GUI, Feature & Regression Testing.
Wrote test cases in QC derived from the Design documents and generated a Traceability Matrix for testing purposes.
Worked on postman to perform API automation testing on Restful services.
Exhaustive Experience in Designing & implementation of Automation Frameworks including TDD, BDD, data driven, keyword driven, and hybrid using Selenium Web Driver, C#, JavaScript.
Participated in release meetings.
Developed and maintained end-to-end test suites using Cypress to validate web applications.
Experienced in Agile and Scrum methodologies, working collaboratively with development and QA teams
Actively participated in all the phases of the testing Life cycle (Planning, Designing, Development and Reporting and Results).
Developed and implemented EDI applications to process Health Care transactions as per the HIPAA implementation. Wrote SQL Queries like Join, Inner Joins, outer joins and Self Joins for Back End Testing.
Used Complex SQL queries using joins and subqueries to test the reports generated by the different modules as a part of back-end testing.
Used JIRA for reporting and tracking bug and generating reports.
Environment: Java, Unix, Web Services, Python, REST, SOAP UI, Automation Testing, SQL, JIRA, postman, Agile, Jenkins, Notepad++.

Cbre, Dallas, TX May 2019 to August 2022
Sr. Automation /Selenium Tester
Responsibilities:
Analyze the business and functional requirements and streamline the Testing Activities
Analyze the system requirements and develop detailed test plans and test cases and provide the documentation.
Responsible for analyzing Test Requirements.
Developing Test plan of the application as per technical specifications.
Involved in writing Unit and Regression Test cases for the Product.
Involved in scripting the Test cases for ACH payments, ACH Templates.
Create manual test procedures and automated tests using languages such as C#, Java, SQL, Oracle, VBScript, HTML, ASP.NET, Python, and JavaScript.
Created automated test scripts for validating the nightly product builds and regression testing.
Created Automation test framework using Selenium.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object's id, Name, XPath, link in the application.
Exported Test Case Scripts (Java-Selenium RC) in Eclipse IDE and modified the selenium scripts and executed. Prepared automation test framework.
Worked on Angular 2 and Typescript and also worked with Additional frameworks like Bootstrap for responsive design, less for preprocessing are used.
Created Test cases using Element locators and selenium webdriver methods.
Enhanced Test cases using java programming features and TestNG annotations.
Involved in Data driven testing, cross browser testing and parallel test execution.
Run tests by using Selenium remote control in different browsers.
Maintained Defects using Defect Tracking System in Test Director.
Participated in various meetings and discussed Enhancement and Modification Request issues.
Involved in preparing Test Plan, Test Cases, Test scripts, Summary-Reports.
Ensure traceability of test cases back to the Business requirements.
Involved in Integration testing System testing and Regression Testing
Performed all test assignments to ensure the application meets business requirements and client expectations.
Interacted with developers & various members of the project team to discuss and resolve defects and to determine their priorities.
Summarize test results in formula test analysis reports according to the documentation standards.
Participated in various meetings and discussed Enhancement and Modification Request issues.
Worked with Agile tech team which include Business analyst, Systems analyst, Developers, Scrum Master, Quality assurance Team and Product owner to enhance the existing application front end as well as server side implementation.
Involved in writing executing the SQL queries to query the database using SQL navigator.
Performed Back-End Testing, database table manipulations of relational database systems by writing complex SQL queries manually.
Coordinated with developers and record defects in JIRA to track until they are resolved.
Developed Selenium Automation framework - Created a hybrid framework (Keyword and Data driven) on Selenium using TestNG.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Python Java, J2EETestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Angular, GitHub, SoapUI, Groovy, JMeter, SQL, Oracle, Windows, Agile, XML, Unix.

Empower Retirement, Greenwood Village, CO October 2017 to April 2019
QA Automation Tester
Responsibilities:
Responsible for working within a team to create documents and execute Test Plan, Test Cases, and test scripts in support of a set of global tools, systems and databases.
Prepared Test Data and executed Test Cases from Quality Center.
Performed Regression testing on top critical workflows.
Designed SPAs (Single Page Applications) using AngularJS concepts of Directives, Services, Promises, Templating, Scope, Dependency Injection and two-way data binding.
Developing & maintaining automation test scripts using selenium web driver, TestNG in JAVA.
Utilized various methods like XPath, CSS Locators to identify objects/elements in the application.
Used Firebug to do web-based application testing with selenium for the commands and locator application.
Worked on postman to test Restful services.
Responsible for executing Selenium test scripts on different browsers and checked for compatibility.
Used Maven build tool to organize and automate build process.
Experience in Automated Software Testing using Rest assured, Cypress and Selenium
Used JIRA for logging, tracking and escalating bugs.
Experience in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with Maven.
Tested all the major functionalities with IE, Safari, Chrome, and Firefox browsers.
Attended scrum meetings as per Agile methodology.
Used Angular JS as the development framework to build a single-page application.
Provided weekly status reports, and daily status reports to the manager.
Environment: Java, Eclipse, Selenium web driver, TestNG, postman, Angular, Web Services Testing, SQL, Jenkins, JIRA, Agile, Excel, Notepad++

Zsoft Technologies - Hyderabad, Telangana March 2015 to July 2017
Software QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
Analyzed the Business Requirements Document, put input in the Test Plan and prepared detailed Test Cases for new functionality.
Used Maven to create test automation software build and execute Automation Test.
Performed continuous integration of the test cases periodically using Jenkins and configured it to email reports during a build failure.
QA Automation Engineer Company Name Location [Month Year] - [Month Year] Played a key role in designing and implementing a Cypress-based automation framework from scratch
Maintained the Java and selenium test source code and resources in the GitHub source control repository tool.
Worked with testing methodologies including functional testing, user interface testing, and regression testing using black box testing methodologies.
Involved in using HP ALM for Bugs tracking and bugs reporting.
Migrating some of the applications from AngularJS 1 to Angular 2 and componentizing the code as per the Angular recommendations for better testability.
Used test management tools, such as HP ALM to defect tracking.
Used Quality Center to execute the test plan, track execution against the plan during testing and manage defects from inception to resolution.
Connected to database to Query the database using SQL for data verification and validation. Created SQL views to aggregate data before moving to targeted databases from legacy databases to simulate results.
Performed vastly on agile processes and contributed all regarding scrum and sprint meetings.
Worked with Developers, Business analysts and Project managers to determine requirements (H/W specs,Test Cases, Test Data).
Environment: Manual, Java, Eclipse, Selenium, Web Services Testing, SQL, Jenkins, JIRA, Agile, Excel, Angular

QA Tester
Huda InfoTech Private Limited Hyderabad, India June 2013 to February 2015
Responsibilities:
Analyzed the SRS (System Requirement Specifications) and developed Test Suites to cover the overall quality assurance testing.
Analysis of Business and Requirement Specification and formulation of Test Plans and Test Cases in Quality Center for the Functional, Integration, end-to-end, Usability and smoke testing.
Performed the Manual Testing of the application before switching over to the automation phase.
Suggested improvements in test process by gathering and analyzing data.
Reviewed and analyzed Detail Designed Specification and Technical Specification documents.
Managed defect reporting and tracking using Quality Center.
Created, managed and executed Test Cases using Quality Center.
Performed Functional, Integration, System, GUI, Cross Browser compatibility, Ad- Hoc Testing.
Prepared Test Cases with the complete description of requirements, uploaded test cases and report results into Quality Center.
Performed Manual Testing to check flow of the application.
During testing life cycle, performed different types of testing like System Testing, Integration Testing and Regression Testing.
Created Test Execution Matrices during the test cycle.
Participated in QA Team meetings and weekly QA testing reviews.
Managed weekly management status reports and coordinated meetings between test team and development team to review defects.
Environment: Manual Testing, Quality Center, HTML, Java Script, Oracle, UNIX.
Contact this candidate