Adi Shraiter
LinkedIn Email: ad6cwu@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 857-***-**** Address: Boston, MA
QA Automation Engineer with expertise in Python.
I bring a strong foundation in building and maintaining complex automation infrastructures, and a proven track record identifying, reporting and following up on bugs.
I excel at collaborating with team members to achieve goals and address complex challenges. I am passionate about software development and engineering, and I am eager to apply my knowledge and skills to be part of the organization success and growth.
Experience
2022 - Present QA Automation Engineer, Rapyd
● Developed a comprehensive testing project for the company's SDK, encompassing both infrastructure and test suites. Achieved more than 90% coverage across various use cases.
● Managed testing coverage for a large-scale business unit, demonstrating responsibility and adaptability.
● Built, Maintained, and updated complex automation infrastructure.
● Collaborated closely with business and product teams to align testing efforts with project requirements.
● Actively reported and followed up on bugs to ensure they were appropriately addressed.
● Working with Python, Pytest, OpenAPI, Git, Postman. 2022 QA Engineer, Check Point Software Technologies
● Prepared thorough test plans and maintained tests in an Agile development environment.
● Conducted QA testing in accordance with project specifications, ensuring accurate testing processes.
● Ensured system functionality, security, and compatibility, maintaining high standards for product quality.
● Working with Jira, Zephyr Scale and networking protocols. 2020 - 2022 SOC Engineer, Modelity Technologies
● Monitored client security infrastructure to identify and report real- time threats and vulnerabilities, ensuring timely response and mitigation.
● Identified incidents and conducted thorough analysis and investigation of network-related incidents.
● Working with operating system and networking protocols. Education
2018 - 2022 Bachelor’s degree: Mechanical Engineering, Afeka College of Engineering, Israel
● Cumulative GPA: 3.7
● Dean's List 2020
● Elbit's Excellence Program
Additional Skills
Fast learner Team player Problem solver Goal-oriented Python Selenium Postman Documentation Jira Git Bitbucket CI/CD OpenAPI
Contact this candidate