Toriqul Islam
Queens, NY
973-***-**** ad6d28@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
●Senior Software QA Engineer with Six (7+) years of experience in manual testing, and automated testing using Selenium WebDriver and Java
●Expert in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC) in Agile and Iterative Methodology
●Highly experienced in full system development lifecycle experience, including designing, developing and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes fueling swift corrective actions, significant cost savings and quality product.
●Experienced in Smoke, Functional, Integration, Regression, Cross-Browser Testing, User Acceptance testing on many Client/Server and web applications.
●Proficient in designing and reviewing User Stories, Test cases, Test Scenarios, Test Scripts, and Test Plans of both manual and automated tests.
●Extensive experience in working with the Automation Engineering team to automate test scripts using Selenium WebDriver, enhance the scripts, use explicit wait, and synchronize the scripts.
●Practiced in working on enhancing the Automation framework using Maven, Cucumber, and TestNG
●Skillful at processes to automate and run the test suite using Selenium WebDriver.
●Proficiency in Back-end testing of application by developing and executing complex SQL queries.
●Hold excellent interpersonal, written, verbal communication skills and strong analytical, problem solving, decision-making skills.
●Expert in API testing using RESTful web services, Postman.
●Always open to adapt and learn new tools, techniques and approaches.

Skills Summary
Manual & Automation Testing
Test Plans & Cases
JIRA & Confluence
SQL Queries
Selenium WebDriver
Java
Cucumber
TestNG
Junit
GitHub
Jenkins
Maven
Team Leadership
API Testing
Postman
RESTful API
AWS
Sauce Lab
ALM
Interface Testing
Object Oriented Programming.
Mobile testing (manual and automation).
Black Box Testing.

JMeter.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

American Airlines New York, NY
Senior Software QA Engineer Feb 2021 – Present
A key member of the software development team as the lead QA for an internal software used to monitor passenger information on cancelled domestic flights.
●Participated in release planning, sprint planning, retrospective, and daily scrum for agile scrum development.
●Conducted formal and informal product design reviews throughout the software development lifecycle to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules and potential issues. Leveraged developer background to communicate effectively with software design team, quickly gaining their respect and becoming a valued, “go-to” team member on challenging test cases.
●Accomplished Smoke, Functional, Integration, System, User Acceptance, Regression, and GUI testing
●API testing that involves testing application programming interfaces (APIs) directly and as part of integration testing to determine if they meet expectations for functionality, reliability, performance, and security.
●Designed and developed Test Plan, Test Cases, and Automated Test Scripts as well as extensively working throughout defect life cycle from opening to closure using JIRA.
●Develop Behavior Driven Development (BDD) test cases using Gherkins.
●Established hybrid automation test framework with Selenium Web Driver using Java, Cucumber and TestNG
●Executed Continuous Integration Tools (Jenkins) for automation script run in nightly basis and to provide quick feedback to the developers.
●Worked on GitHub to maintain automation codes and repositories.
●Generated testing and defect reports and presented them in weekly status meetings.

Express Scripts Franklin Lakes, NJ
QA Automation Engineer Mar 2018 – Jan 2021
Worked on an internal application that verified Payments and invoices, claims summary, Claims Details, Patient search And shipping.

●Created Test plan, Test Scenarios, and Test Cases corresponding to the test requirements in order to maximize verification coverage of system variables.
●Participated with lead QA team for building up BDD Framework using SELENIUM, JAVA, CUCUMBER, TestNG, MAVEN.
●Interacted with Development, Requirement, CM Teams to ensure overall software quality.
●Conduct different type of Testing by executing Test Cases with required test set up. Type of Testing includes Smoke, Functional, Regression, Integration and Cross browser testing.
●Managed test documentation and defects using JIRA and Confluence.
●Developed, Enhanced, Modified and Maintained new & existing test cases/test scripts to enhance test performance as needed for manual and automated testing with in-house tool.
●Communicated with developers and QA Team members to resolve issues during the testing life cycle and product management.

Capital One Bank Stamford, CT

Junior QA Engineer Sep 2016 – Feb 2018

Bank’s core web application that provides access for clients to view account information consisting of account summaries, account details, monthly statements, balance transfers, accrued interest, check ordering, loan application, credit card applications, and financial services.

●Developed Test Plans, test Scenarios and Test Cases according to user stories, system and business rules.
●Participated in the Agile environment for Sprint Planning Retrospective, and also daily Scrum Meetings.
●Developed hybrid test automation framework using Cucumber, testNG, Maven, Page factory, and Java.
●Conducted different types of testing (Smoke, Black Box, Functional, Integration, UI, Data, Interface, Performance, Regression, UAT, etc.) for Client/Server and Web-based applications.
●Performed mobile app and mobile web testing for Android and iOS devices.
●Developed and executed tests for usability testing, interface testing, low level resource testing, service testing, and compatibility testing for mobile devices.
●Extensively used Quality Center and JIRA for the documentation/reporting/tracking of all discrepancies

Education
Bachelor’s in Computer Science and Engineering.
Contact this candidate