RANJINI DEVI RAMAKRISHNAN
Green Card (GC) Holder +1-551-***-**** ad6eav@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
● 4+ years of experience as a QA Engineer involved in complete Manual Testing, ETL Testing and TOSCA Automation Testing.
● Worked in all the phases of SDLC and STLC in Agile/Scrum, Waterfall methodologies..
● Proficiency in preparing Test Plans, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, Test Designs and Test Cases for Manual & Automation testing.
● Using TRICENTIS TOSCA Test Suite to write automation tests for Web & Desktop applications and test in different environments with the complete understanding of functional requirements.
● Created Automation Test Framework of Data-Driven framework in TOSCA.
● Hands-on in testing RESTful APIs using SoapUI, Postman, and Swagger UI tools.
● Preparation of test data, execution plan and automating the test cases using TOSCA Tool.
● Review test cases written by peers to ensure that all requirements are covered in test case documentation.
● Good knowledge and working experience on Data warehouse concepts like Star Schema, Fact Table, Dimension Table, and also have done Data Extraction, Data Transformation and Loading to a targeted system.
● Strong knowledge on testing Database objects such as Functions, Procedures, Views by writing basics/advanced SQL Queries.
● Extensively used Workflow Manager & Workflow monitor in Informatica ETL tool.
● Good knowledge in Slowly Changing Dimensions (SCD), and different Schemas.
● Proficient in developing and integrating test plans using Automatic/Manual tests, using Black-Box, White-Box and Regression testing methodologies.
● Participated in User Stories discussion, Developing Test Plan, Creating Test Cases, preparing Requirement Traceability Matrix, Review Meeting, Defect Management, Reporting, and Tracking.
● Expertise with defect-tracking tools like JIRA and TestRail.
● Specialized in Functional Testing and Ad-Hoc Testing.
● Expertise in analyzing the results and reporting defects and sharing suggestions with development teams.
● Expertise in all stages of Testing Life Cycle including Unit, Integration, System and Acceptance testings to ensure efficiency in the aspect of Functionality, Performances, Integration, Usability, GUI, Storage and Security.
● As a QA, I’m a good team player with a strong work ethic, and taking ownership and responsibilities of assigned duties.
● As an Agile/Scrum team member, I always participate in daily stand-up, Sprint Planning, Retrospective, Sprint Review.
● Close interaction with analysts, designers and developers to understand application requirements and to discuss bugs/issues.
Page 1 of 4
RANJINI DEVI RAMAKRISHNAN
Green Card (GC) Holder +1-551-***-**** ad6eav@r.postjobfree.com Technical Skill
Automation Tools : TRICENTIS TOSCA Test Suite
ETL Tools : Informatica Power Center
Bug Tracking Tools : JIRA, Testrail
Web Debugging Tools : Chropath, XpathFinder, Browser’s DevTool RESTful APIs Testing Tools : SoapUI, Postman, Swagger UI Languages : SQL,.Net,Java
Operating systems : Windows, Unix
Databases : Oracle SQL developer, SQL Server
Professional Experience (4+ yrs)
InnerlOOptek QA Engineer Jun 2022 - at present
Elixir QA Tester Apr 2020 - May 2022
Projects
Client: Mercury Financial Role: QA Engineer
Responsabilités :
● Followed Agile/Scrum methodology, involved in Sprint planning, Grooming and Retrospective meetings and Stand-up calls.
● Understand the functional flow and automate the web-based and desktop applications using TRICENTIS TOSCA Test Suite with sections of TOSCA like Modules, Test Cases, Requirements, Test case Design and Execution Lists.
● Involved in Analysis of Business Requirements, Creation of Use Cases, Design of Data Flow charts, Creation of Test Data Requirements and Preparing Test Condition Matrix & execution plans.
● Created Modules in TOSCA for applications using XSCAN. Feasibility check of applications for automation test using TOSCA.
● Done some development of Regression Suite for thin client/Thick client test cases using TOSCA tool.
● Worked on Recovery scenarios and involved in developing new custom controls and special execution tasks in TOSCA and created test Sheets, Classes, Attribute, and Instance to define the business test data.
● Linked created Test Sheets to Test Case Template according to business scenarios. Page 2 of 4
RANJINI DEVI RAMAKRISHNAN
Green Card (GC) Holder +1-551-***-**** ad6eav@r.postjobfree.com
● Prepared defect reporting and bug tracking in QC and also followed up with the development team to verify bug fixes, and update the bugs status and test evidence.
● Tested APIs using SOAP UI and Swagger UI.
● Preparation of test data, execution and automating the test cases using TOSCA Tool.
● Review test cases written by peers to ensure that all requirements are covered in test case documentation.
Client: Green Mountain Energy Role: QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Involved in functional study of the application.
● Running the Jobs/Workflow for ETL process.
● Prepared and ran SQL queries to verify Dimensional and Fact tables.
● Verifying the data in the target database after ETL process.
● Performed column data mapping between source & target database.
● Prepared test data for testing.
● Verifying the data which is loaded into the target database.
● Interactions with BA & Dev teams to resolve the issues.
● Reporting daily testing status report.
● Developed, Reviewed & Executed Test Scripts and Designed Test Data.
● Identified Test Scripts for Regression testing.
● Defect Analyzing and Reporting in QC.
Client: Elixir Role: QA Tester
Responsabilités :
● Prepared and executed Test Cases manually according to the BRD, Technical Specification, Functional Design and Use-Case documents, identifying applications functionality, test requirements and coverage.
● Performed regression testing against the various builds of the application.
● Attended daily standup meetings and walk through meetings with BA and developers to get details on user stories.
● Categorized requirements and scope out relevant negative/positive scenarios at every stage of the process and design test plan accordingly.
● Execution of Test Cases and Publishing the Execution Reports, involved in Daily Status
● Developed the Test Scenarios from the product stories and authoring Test Cases for them and uploading them in JIRA.
● Written positive and negative test cases based on requirements, and specifications and executed them.
● Involved in compatibility testing, integration testing and user acceptance testing. Page 3 of 4
RANJINI DEVI RAMAKRISHNAN
Green Card (GC) Holder +1-551-***-**** ad6eav@r.postjobfree.com
● Used JIRA for viewing and analyzing test results and for defect tracking and reporting which occurred during execution of test scripts.
● Complete the assigned duties, perform tests and collect evidence from different environments such as QA/SIT, UAT and PROD.
● Suggest valuable points to include in PBIs (Product Backlogs) in the Grooming session.
● Used SQL queries extensively for backend testing. Education Qualification
Master’s in Information Technologies (MS IT)
Bharathidasan University, TN, INDIA
Bachelor’s in Science - Physics (B.Sc., Physics)
Madurai Kamaraj University, TN, INDIA
Work Authorization
Green Card (GC) Holder
Page 4 of 4
Contact this candidate