Name: Shivani
Role: QA Automation/Manual Test Engineer
Email ID: ad6exy@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No: 650-***-****

SUMMARY:

8+ years of experience in IT Industry mainly in performing Automation Testing in wide variety of projects and environment.
Good experience in Insurance industry domain
Worked with POS System and involved in testing functionalities related to sales tracking, POS scanning, Store ISP, ordering forecast, adjustments, custom retail price and promotions in POS
Expertise in testing applications developed using various mobile technologies including J2ME, Android SDK, IOS SDK, .Net Technology etc.
Expert in developing Java Selenium Web Driver/RC/IDE/GRID test scripts using Java, JavaScript and Test Frame works using Testing/ Junit, MAVEN build tools.
Performed cross browser testing by using Selenium Grid on multiple browsers and on different platforms.)
Experience in Appium tool, app center for mobile testing in Android, IOS and other mobile applications.
Extensively worked on data warehousing and decision support systems with relational databases such as Oracle design and database development using SQL and Oracle.
Involved in the Continuous Integration of the automation framework with Jenkins.
Extensive knowledge in Protractor framework for Applications developed.
Specialized in Performance Testing applications using load-testing tool HP Load Runner.
Excellent working experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and testing methodologies like Waterfall & Agile/Scrum.
Extensive experience in writing and implementation of complex test plans, design, development, and execution of test scripts for system, integration, user acceptance test (UAT) and regression testing.
Walk through the QA Test Results with the QA Team and communicate status to Project leader
Hands on experience in test driven development (TDD), Behavior driven development (BDD) and acceptance test driven development (ATDD) approaches.
Developed an automated scripts and frame works using Java, C#.
Worked on source version control tools such as Subversion (SVN), TFS and Git.
Proficient in using Quality Center, POS, JIRA.
Automating application using TOSCA.
Experience in manual testing and automated testing using different tools like QTP/UFT, Selenium (Web Driver) using Java. Knowledge and familiarity with different QTP/UFT and Selenium automation frameworks.
Knowledge on Automated Web Services using SoapUI, REST with knowledge of RESTful, eclipse.
Devops experience with puppet and AWS.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Testing Tools
Selenium Web Driver/IDE/GRID, Mercury QTP, HP Quality Center, JUnit, Cucumber, Firebug, FirePath, TestNG, JXL, SOAPUI, Coded UI, Manual Testing, Appium (Mobile Testing)
Language/ Script
VBScript (UFT), C#, Java, TOSCA
Frameworks
Junit, TestNG, TDD, BDD, C#
Firefox Add-ons
XPath, Firebug
Web development
HTML, VB Scripts, XML, CSS, Flash, JavaScript.
SOA Technologies
SOAP, REST, WSDL, UDDI, Web Services, SOAP UI
Bug Tracking Tools
HP Quality Center, BugZilla, Visual Studio TFS, JIRA.
Build/ CI Tools
Ant, Maven, Jenkins, Hudson.
Databases Technologies
MS SQL Server 2000/2005, OLAP and OLTP, Oracle 9i/10g, MS Access 2000, TSQL, Oracle PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, TOAD, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, MYSQL
Platforms
Windows 7/Vista/XP, UNIX, Linux

EDUCATION DETAILS:
Bachelor’s degree

Jawaharlal Nehru University, 2013, Bharath institution of technology, computer science
Master’s degree
Silicon Valley University Dec 2016 in computer Science in CA.

WORK EXPIRIENCE:

Client: Assurant (Remote) Jan 2022– Till date
Role: QA Automation Tester
Location: Miami, Florida
(Insurance Domain)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Gathered requirements documents such as business requirements and design document and other related documents.
Reviewed the Test Basis, designed and documented Test Strategies, Test Plan, Test Cases and executed test cases.
End to End Testing of the complete website which was developed
Responsible for writing and maintain Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression and functional testing using BDD framework.
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms
Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven).
Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology.
Involved on Cucumber testing and defined the test scenarios and created the test cases in Test Manager.
Involved in designing of automation framework to be used in UI testing with Selenium
Worked on API testing like SOAP UI and Protractor both manually and Automation
Involved Data base back end testing like Snowflex and PLSQL
Migrating the scripts Java to C# with selenium by using Visual studio
Utilized iCEDQ for data validation and ETL testing to ensure data integrity across various stages of the data pipeline.
Developed and executed automated test scripts in iCEDQ to validate data transformations, data migration, and data quality.

Environment: Java, Selenium, SOAP UI, PLSQL, Postman, SOAP UI, PLSQL

Client: Common Securitization Solutions (CSS) (Remote) April 2021– December 2021
Role: Automation Test Engineer
Location: Rockville, Maryland
(Home loan Security Domain)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Experience ideally in an online and Agile environment.
Perforamnay testing in Measure the force required to peel the glued area apart. This can be done using a tensile testing machine.
Measure the force required to slide one piece of paper over another after being glued.
Environmental Expose the glued samples to different environmental conditions (humidity, temperature) to test durability.
Peel Test Measure the force required to peel the glued area apart. This can be done using a tensile testing machine.
Shear Test Measure the force required to slide one piece of paper over another after being glued.
Environmental Exposure Expose the glued samples to different environmental conditions (humidity, temperature) to test durability.
Visual Inspection: Check for any changes in appearance, such as wrinkling, discoloration, or residue.isual Inspection Check for any changes in appearance, such as wrinkling, discoloration, or residue.
Analysis of Business Requirements, Use Cases, Design Flowcharts and Software Requirements Specifications, Creation of Test Data Requirements and Test Condition Matrix, Setting Up Test Environment, Software Test execution, Defect Management.
Participated in daily SCRUM meetings and gave the daily status of testing.
Created Automation test framework using TOSCA.
Assisted in designing and customization of automated test cases testing tools.
Saved and retrieved different development versions source code using CVS (Concurrent Version Systems)
Used CVS for changes in source code to a repository.
Used TOSCA Check the Functionality of the Software Application, Based on Test Cases
Worked with Sikuli automation tool to access screen class objects.
Developed and executed SQL queries to verify the proper insertion, deletion, and updates into the database.
Effectively used Tricentis Tosca Testsuite to ensure proper business compliance after working closely with the stakeholders.
Worked with all modules of TOSCA like Modules, Test Cases, Requirements, Test case Design & Execution Lists.
I convert Javas Automating application using TOSCA.
Develop and Maintain test modules in TOSCA.
Handling dynamic values in test cases in TOSCA.
Developed Data Driven Tests using TOSCA and automated functional testing.
Worked on Android based tools like ADB and DDMS for debugging logs and pushing/pulling files to devices and capturing database.
Actively involved in developing automation scripts using TOSCA DI, Creates Business Process Models test cases using ALM BPT add-on.
Environment: Tricentis Tosca, TOSCA DI Agile Scrum,MDM, HP ALM, SQL, PLSQL, Cross browser Testing, maven, SOAPUI 5.3, Java.

Client: Eli Lilly (Remote) Feb 2020– March 2021
Role: Automation/Mobile Test Engineer
Location: Indianapolis, Indiana
(Medical Domain)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Test automation with WebdriverIO/Protractor, Selenium, Appium, Cucumber, Jasmine, Web driver, Java
Responsible for periodic updating of Test Plans and Test Cases as per Requirement Specifications and Business rules.
Developed automated scripts using Selenium Web Driver and Implemented Framework using Java.
Created and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application’s GUI and in the testing, environment using Selenium Web Driver.
Provided best practices in Automation testing in Coded UI.
Involved in Automation of the test cases using Selenium Web Driver, XCUI, Junit and Maven.
Create Junit HTML test report for the entire test suite.
Reported bug using Project Tracking tool JIRA.
Involved in Mobile Testing includes App Testing. Test automation for web application using Cucumber.
Identifying feasible non-functional test cases for Performance testing.
Involved in testing application on different mobile Platform such as iOS and Android devices.
Implemented mobile automation frameworks using Appium.
Created Selenium web-driver automation scripts using Java to validate functionality on various browsers MDM related
Implemented Appium scripts to test IOS and Android platforms and XCUI Test.
Implemented UI Automator viewer in Appium to inspect elements in mobile applications.
Performed the Testing on the various mobile devices with a various platform (iOS, Android).
Understanding and updating of existing framework, creating deployment slots in Azure webapps for web and mobile apps for different clients, as needed. Monitoring the Azure VMs in Azure.
Mobile test automation using Appium, protractor, Strong skills in JavaScript, Understanding of BDD framework, Knowledge of creating scripts using Gherkins
Good experience working with of Android Studio and iPhone simulators.
Experience working with Functional testing with swift.
Debugging tools like Charles Splunk.
Automated 100% of functional and performance microservices tests using Gatling/Scala framework.
Working experience in Windows as well as Mac machine.
CI/CD Experience and API testing with REST and Postman assure/serenity.
Worked on Sauce labs and Applitools writing the code and running the scripts on the sauce Labs and Applitools.
Manual testing on tablet, mobile and laptop browsers.
Environment: Test automation with Protractor, JIRA, MDM, WebdriverIO, Selenium, Appium, Cucumber, Jasmine, JavaScript. Nodejs-14, XCode, XCUI, Angular/Angular js,, Dot Net, Sauce labs and Applitools, Git Bash, Shift and Splunk.

Client: FANNIE MAE Dec 2018– Jan 2020
Role: Sr.QA Automation Tester
Location: Urbana, Maryland
(Financial Domain)

Roles and Responsibilities:

In SDET Implemented Page Objects, Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid automation frameworks using Selenium with Java.
Implemented Page Objects, Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid automation frameworks using Selenium in embedded domain.
Created & Maintained Automation Selenium Automation Scripts for the Scrum Stories.
Automated highly transactional web application using Selenium WebDriver.
Execution of automated Test Scripts through Maven. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project.
Used different tools like selenium and cucumber for web-based applications
Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML ids and XPATH in Selenium.
Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on regular basis automatically.
Also, responsible for converting automation scripts to new framework using Selenium WebDriver, shell scripting and TestNG/Junit.
Used Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven.
SDET - Data Base testing with SQL server and Executions of complex queries.
Performed Regression Testing at various phases of development life cycle for impacted existing functionality Functional, System, System Integration, UAT.
Tested Web services (SOAP and REST) and XML with tool called SOAP UI, for the local with URL
Environment: Java, shell scripting, Gherkin, Cucumber, Selenium, Maven 3.1.1, Eclipse, Git, Mockito, JIRA, Protractor, Bash, SoapUI, Jenkins, TestNG, Junit, Agile (SCRUM), protractor, Cucumber, Microsoft Test Management, Postman.

CLIENT: Vanguard Aug 2017 –Nov 2018
Role: Sr.QA Automation tester
Location: Malvern, PA
(Retails Domain)

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in creation of automated test cases for testing various web modules like supplier
data, inventory tracker, exchange tracker, damage tracker.
Implemented handset automation framework, scripting and execution Sanity, Regression, Stress and Boundary test cases for mobile applications using Device Anywhere Automation Tool.
As a lead Designed, developed, and implemented POM based automation testing framework utilizing, TestNG and Selenium WebDriver. Involved in Automation of the test cases using Selenium RC, Junit, and Ant.
Worked on Android, Windows Mobile platforms to qualify applications.
Responsible for back-end API testing with SOAP UI and coding in Java.
Created test scripts using Groovy script to automate web services in SOAP UI.
Experience in Back End testing using Groovy Script
Created tests with Assertions like Schema Compliance, SOAP, XPath assertions using SOAP UI Functional, System, System Integration, UAT.
Tested Web services and XML with tool called SOAP UI. Used this tool to locate WSDL file on internet, create Test cases, run them, do load testing, security testing.
Validated Web Service modules using Soap UI tool (Preparing Web Service request and added authentication information in Soap Header). Used SOAPUI tool to test web services for Order History, Shopping cart, Account Creation and Shipment Tracking web services.
Used various iPhone and Android support tools like iPhone configuration utility, android debug bridge (ADB) to install builds and extract the logs from different phones.
Familiarity with cloud-based systems, specifically AWS
Develop and maintain automated tests using Java test framework.
Developed entire frontend and backend modules using Java Web Framework. Implemented Page Object Model framework with Selenium.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Java SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of AWS nodes and Tested Playbooks on AWS instances using Java. Run Ansible Scripts to Provide Dev Servers.
Built Java framework to transform Datasets and Data tables into HTTP-serializable JSON strings.
Developed Java application for Google Analytics aggregation and reporting
Used Ajax and JQuery for transmitting JSON data objects between frontend and controllers.
Wrote scripts in Java for Extracting Data from JSON and XML files.
Performed troubleshooting, fixed, and deployed many Java bug fixes of the two main applications that were Maintained main source of data
Worked in Agile and scrum environment which includes daily standup and sprint planning.
Environment: Selenium, Java, Cucumber, Soap UI, Restful, Web driver, SVN, Azure

Client: PwC (Price Waterhouse Coopers) Jan 2017 – July 2017
Role: QA Automation/ Mobile Tester
Location: Tampa, FL
(Electrical)

Roles and Responsibilities:

•Performed Functional Testing, Mobile Testing User Acceptance Testing and System Testing.
•Automating and debugging the regression and smoke test scripts for the major releases.
•Check the manual test scripts for automation and identifying the reusable test components.
•Root cause analysis and performance analysis of the developed test scripts.
•Analyzed Test specifications and written Manual Test cases for Black Box Testing.
•Defect management and defect reporting with IOS.
•Coordinated testing activities with testing team members.
•Talked to the end users to create the process requirements and to proper explain to the design and development team the flow of future data modules with HP load Runner.
•Developed rigorous SQL queries in PL/SQL to perform the database operation for verification and validation.
•Testing of a Java based application, with DB2 and Oracle database.
•Create prototypes and proof-of-concept demonstrations: interact with other IT groups and business customers to determine interface requirements and design innovative prototypes that will assist in the development of standards and frameworks.
•Work actively with Mobile development activities in Native Android, iOS, and Hybrid.
•Experience with Android UI frameworks a plus
•Authored security architecture design documentation and standard operating procedures.
•Introduced use of security metrics to mitigate vulnerability by analyzing historical threats, addressing risks/gaps/violations, and implementing improved protocols.
•Develop API functional and automation testes with tools like protractor, application UI automation with the supporting (CI/CD) tools like JENKINS.
•Logged and kept track of all Defects till their closure using Quality Center.
•Created and maintained Test Data on Excel sheets.
•Performed Backend Testing using SQL. implemented Appium scripts to test IOS and Android platforms and XCUITest.
•Expertise in working with eggplant functional and eggplant Manger for Automation scripting.
•Created Test strategy and design document for eggplant automation project.
•Created Selenium web-driver automation scripts using Java to validate functionality on various browsers.
•Implemented Appium scripts to test IOS and Android platforms.
•Implemented UI Automator viewer in Appium to inspect elements in mobile applications.
•Performed the Testing on the various mobile devices with a various platform (iOS, Android).
•Experience with mobile test framework such as Keynote's Device Anywhere, Perfecto Mobile, or Android's
Environment: Mercury Interactive quick test Pro, HP Load Runner 7.8, Test Director 8.0, Win
Runner 7.6, Visual Basic, Appium, Xcode, Jenkins, Cucumber Oracle, SQL server, manual testing, and Internet explorer, XCUITest, IOS and Android, JENKINS, protractor.

Client: CMC (Computer Management Corporation) May 2014– July 2015
Role: Systems Analyst
Location: Hyderabad, India

Roles and Responsibilities:

In SDET Implemented Page Objects, Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid automation frameworks using Selenium with C# and VB Scripting.
Working close with the project Business Analyst, Developers and BI Leads to ensure that the
end to end designs meet the existing business and data requirements.
Creating all the technical and system specification documents for Testing
Use project specification estimation tool to perform estimation of the testing activities for
the sprints.
Develop API functional and automation testes with tools like C#, UFT and leanFT. Creation of complex SQL queries.
Develop function and automation tests with tools like leanFT for windows application UI automation with the supporting tools like JENKINS.
Create and Enhance test frameworks and develop automated tests using C# to ensure
consistency.
Develop manual and automation regression test suite.
Record the test results and report and verify software bug fixes to accept automation criteria.
Execution of API test cases with different tools like C# and Leanft
Data Base testing with SQL server and Executions of complex queries.
Triggering automation test execution with the help of Jenkins.
Manual test case Execution along with defect logging or tracking.
Coordinate with product manager and software developers and support engineers to deliver
stable enterprise software products.
Working on Agile Methodology.

Environment: Git, Mockito, JIRA, C#, VB scripting, UFT, LeanFT, CI/CD, Jenkins, SQL, Agile, visual studio, Scrum.
Contact this candidate