SAMUEL PARRA
SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER

**** ****** **.

Houston, TX 77004

346-***-****

ad6iwr@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION

Careerist, Software QA Engineer
Hospitality Restaurant Management
U OF H

SKILLS

Leadership
programming skills
attention to details
time management
problem solving orientation
Excellent Customer Service
Critical thinking.

SUMMARY
A versatile, hardworking individual, driven to meet or exceed a company's expectations to deliver high-quality software products. Experience with various testing methodologies, such as manual, automation, regression, and performance testing. Knowledge of quality assurance processes and software lifecycle, including developing test plans, test cases, and bug tracking. Leadership, programming skills, attention to details, time management, and problem solving orientation Experienced in Java, JavaScript, SQL, and Python. An effective listener that can communicate technical information in an easily understandable way.

NOVEL CITY 2021
INTERNSHIP HOUSTON, TX
Experience designing and deploying software architectures, debugging, and optimizing code, create software using the right programming languages, platforms and architectures. Also develop, test, improve and maintain software by other engineers.

MISSILE CARPET CLEANING 2009 2020
CARPET CLEANING TECH HOUSTON, TX
Checking for stains and other signs of wear on carpets and upholstery, cleaning by using a variety of tools, techniques, and cleaning products to clean floors and carpets drying machines to dry carpets move furniture as needed repairing and replacing carpets and padding, as necessary, removing spots and stains from carpets using cleaning solutions, vacuuming carpets and rugs to remove dirt, dust, and debris, applying deodorizers to carpets and rugs and advising costumers on the type of carpet cleaning services to be provided and proper carpet care and maintenance.

CRACKER BARREL 1985 2009
GENERAL MANAGER HOUSTON,TX
Monitor the daily operations of their business. Meet the strategic goals for their division and teams by setting operational policies and budgets. Supervise employees to perform their tasks effectively throughout the day. Accomplishes department objectives by managing staff. Plans and evaluates department policies, processes, priorities, and performance goals. Maintains staff by recruiting, onboarding, and training, assessing, and promoting employees.
Contact this candidate