Elena Ioannisyan
Software QA Engineer
SUMMARY
Software Quality Assurance Professional with over 5 years of experience. Thorough understanding of SDLC/STLC, Agile (Scrum) methodology. Well-versed with API testing. Knowledge of SQL, Java Script, HTML, Chrome DevTools. Experience working with software requirements being converted to test cases in the early stages of the software development process. Excellent verbal & written communication skills. Experience adapting to a rapidly changing environment & ability to meet tight deadlines. TECHNICAL SKILLS
API Testing: Postman
Other Testing Tools: Chrome DevTools
Management: Jira, Confluence, Test Rail
Database: MySQL, Oracle
Languages: HTML, CSS, Java Script
Terminal: Command Line Interface (CLI), CURL
EXPERIENCE
1LineSofts, Newton Center, MA
Software QA Engineer 01/2022 - present
Web application: Language learning platform.
● Creating detailed, well-structured test suites, test cases based on the project requirements. Writing test cases in Google/Excel spreadsheets.
● Detecting defects & creating comprehensive, clear bug reports that help developers to fix the issue in a timely manner.
● Performing API testing in Postman including the integration testing of the newly added modules.
● Using DevTools to better identify the root of the problem.
● Executing functional, regression, smoke & integration testing of the application. IN/OUT, Los Angeles, CA
Software QA Engineer 12/2018 - 12/2021
Web-based applications that match customers with local services/businesses
● Worked in close collaboration with support, development, and product teams to analyze the project’s requirements.
● Created detailed test suites & test cases on the bases of the project requirements’ analyses.
● Performed functional, regression, integration & end-to-end tests.
● Reported bugs to Jira.
● Worked with a database using SQL queries to validate, filter & sort the extracted data. EDUCATION Boston Conservatory at Berklee (MA in piano and music technology)
Contact this candidate