CHIRONJIB DAS
QA Engineer In Test

About Me:
Highly motivated self-starter with good hands-on experience in Manual, Automation, SQL and API testing. Hands on Skilled in Selenium WebDriver, Java, Webservice testing, Black box and white box testing, and Test Automation.

Experience
Bank Of America, New York City, NY Quality Assurance Engineer
September 2022 - Current

Citibank, LIC, NY
QA Engineer
Sept 2020—August 2022

United Health Group, PA
QA engineer
January 2019 – Aug 2020

Scholastic, New York City, NY QA Tester
April 2017 -Dec 2018
Education
Master’s in business administration
from European University of Bangladesh
Status: GC (Green Card) – can work with any USA company
References
[Available upon request.]

SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE
Over Seven years of hands-on experience in Software Quality Assurance Testing Manual and Automation of Web applications.
Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and hands-on experience of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) both Manual and Automation testing with Selenium and core Java.
Having experience SDLC methodology on Waterfall & Agile/Scrum.
Expert in Analysis and Review of Functional Requirements Documents and UI configuration Documents.
Experience design, develop, writing and maintaining Test Cases, Test Scripts for both Functional and Automation testing.
Experience in Bug Tracking System, and process using JIRA.
Perform Smoke Testing, Integration, System, End-to-End, Regression, Backend, and Cross Browser testing (TestNG) also experienced with selenium Grid.
Hands on experience in Black Box testing, Functional and Regression testing.
Attend daily Scrum meeting, Planning Sprint, and Retrospective meetings.
Extensive experience in Automation to develop code with Java, selenium, testing and hands on experience on BDD and data driven framework with page factory concept.
Expert to develop the Automation framework from scratch and enhance by using Maven and Run the Test suite using TestNG.
Use Jenkins for continuous integration, GitHub for version control management.
Use Gherkins Syntax to test the behaviors of the Application using Cucumber.
Experienced in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) using Java and implemented Inheritance, Polymorphism, Encapsulation, Abstraction and Java Collections.
Expert on unattended execution using Continuous Integration (CI) tool Jenkins.
Expert on test activities and defect tracking using Atlassian JIRA.
Extensive experience in Functional testing, Regression testing, Black box testing, GUI testing, Back End testing, Browser compatibility testing, Integration testing, System testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Experienced in various software QA and Testing management tools such as HP Quality Center, Clear Quest, JIRA, and IBM rational suite.
Excellent in writing complex SQL queries to access data from multiple tables using joins to perform database testing in Oracle and SQL server platform.
Ability to interact with developers and product analysts regarding testing status and maintain detailed QA documentation.
Excellent logic, analytical, and testing skills with good communication skills.
Quick learner and good team player with excellent written and interpersonal skills.
Ability to handle multiple tasks and work independently as well as in a team.
Hands on experience on Restful API testing.
Experience in testing the database using SQL statements in RDBMS like Oracle and MS SQL Server.

Bank of America, New York City, NY September 2022– Current
Quality Assurance Engineer

Project: Global Stock Loan

Application: Global Securities Lending, GSL mainframe trading services, GSL CI/CD transition trading, Trading services, Loanet (Books and records for domestic stock loan), Global One -NY -Ktek.

Responsibilities:

Worked on Global Securities Lending application portfolio suite to bring together multiple functionalities for the front and middle office, operations, and finance.
Provided automated booking with lender, comparison functionality with counterparts, monthly billing accrual and settlement functionality.
Provided transaction management and settlement functionality for stock lending trades by Global One-NY-Ktek.
Worked on mainframe trading services to provide processing to support the global stock loan business.
Performed on migration of CMDB components onto Horizon platform involving tools like JIRA, Bitbucket, Jenkins, XLR, Ansible Tower.
Participated actively with Agile Scrum development process attending sprint planning, daily scrum, retrospective, and client demo.
Created Test Plans and Test Scripts as per BRD and functional Specifications.
Developed Test Automation Framework using Selenium WebDriver for functional & Regression testing.
Developed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) framework using Cucumber with Gherkins language.
Involved in Acceptance Testing Driven Development (ATDD)in the Agile Team.
Applied test automation framework on Continuous Introgression /CD process using Jenkins.
Developed automation script with WebDriver API using Java, and TestNG.
Worked on web service testing using SOAPUI/Rest API/Postman, Using JMS to receive the Package delivery report.
Performed manual testing by executing test cases for all modules before creating automated scripts to validate the test procedure.
Prepared the Test Scenarios and Master Test Plan for the UAT (User Acceptance Testing).
Acted as liaison with UAT Test Supervisor, assisted and trained the users in performing the UAT.
Wrote and executed the SQL Queries for the data validations and other business functionality such as required fields, data formats, duplicate rows, and data integrities.
Performed regression testing for every modification in the application and new release.
Created defects in JIRA assigned them to the responsible person and tracked until they are fixed.
Worked closely with the developers to resolve defects, issues and understanding the functionality.

Citibank, LIC, NY Sept 2020—August 2022
QA Engineer

Project: Core Execution
Application: Online Banking provides client view account information like account summaries, account details, monthly statements, balance transfers, accrued interest, check ordering, loan application, to apply for credit cards, and financial services.

Responsibilities:
Participated in release planning, sprint planning, daily scrum, and retrospective in an agile scrum environment.
Communicated with Developers, Product Owner (PO), Business Analyst (BA)Technical Project Managers and Product Managers to understand fast-changing project requirements.
Designed and Developed Test Plan, Test Cases, Test Scripts and performed Manual testing on the entire Application.
Developed test cases in Gherkin and automated them using cucumber.
Performed test activities and defect tracking using JIRA.
Developed automated scripts using java in Selenium Web Driver with maven, cucumber and TestNG.
Developed Java programs using Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts to enhance test framework.
Performed test automation Development using a test framework that implements Page Object Model (POM), cucumber feature, and TestNG configuration files.
Used Continuous Integration Tools (Jenkins) for automation script run on a nightly basis and to provide quick feedback to the developers.
Implemented Maven for Project building, and Git for code management repository.
Performed Restful API testing using Rest-Assured and Java.
·Checked database to determine successful transaction of test data from the application by establishing connectivity using SQL commands.
Created and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application's GUI and in the testing, environment using Selenium Web Driver.
Developed and executed Selenium test cases using Maven (Page Object Module) and Jenkins.
Experience in using Selenium Web driver, Eclipse, Java and TestNG frameworks in creating test scripts, Annotation, Parameterization, Data providers, Test suites and HTML reports.
Parallel running test scripts using Selenium Grid & get report in Local Machine.
Use Jenkins as Continuous Integration Tool to integrate Selenium test results.
Developed and executed complex SQL queries to validate test data.

United Health Group, PA January 2019 – Aug 2020
QA Engineer

UnitedHealth Group Incorporated is an American multinational managed healthcare and insurance company based in Minnetonka, Minnesota. It offers health care products and insurance services.

Project: ACE (Affordable Coverage Eligibility)
Application: ACNY (Affordable Care for New Yorker) Web based application offers quality, health rules payer, affordable healthcare insurance coverage, guiding care, insurance eligibility check, integrations, support patients and provider, hospital billing and payment.
Responsibilities:

Participated actively with Agile Scrum development process attending sprint planning, daily scrum, retrospective, and client demo.
Provided transformational capabilities to health plans of all types and sizes by health rules payer.
Developed a comprehensive solution for whole-person, patient-centered care by guiding care.
Collaborated and communicated among health professionals by integrated health care.
Created Test Plans and Test Scripts as per BRD and functional Specifications.
Developed Test Automation Framework using Selenium WebDriver for functional & Regression testing.
Developed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) framework using Cucumber with Gherkins language.
Involved in Acceptance Testing Driven Development (ATDD)in the Agile Team.
Applied test automation framework on Continuous Introgression /CD process using Jenkins.
Developed automation script with WebDriver API using Java, and TestNG.
Worked on web service testing using SOAPUI/Rest API/Postman, Using JMS to receive the Package delivery report.
Performed manual testing by executing test cases for all modules before creating automated scripts to validate the test procedure.
Prepared the Test Scenarios and Master Test Plan for the UAT (User Acceptance Testing).
Acted as liaison with UAT Test Supervisor, assisted and trained the users in performing the UAT.
Wrote and executed the SQL Queries for the data validations and other business functionality such as required fields, data formats, duplicate rows, and data integrities.
Performed regression testing for every modification in the application and new release.
Created defects in JIRA assigned them to the responsible person and tracked until they are fixed.

Scholastic, New York City, NY April 2017 to Dec 2018
QA Tester
Application: Web based Ecommerce application to help US based book orders & sales, client account management, shipping order and payment.

Responsibilities:
Participated in release planning, sprint planning, retrospective and daily scrum for agile scrum development.
Extensively worked throughout the defect life cycle from opening to closure using JIRA and ALM.
Developed Behavior Driven Development (BDD) scripts with Cucumber and written step definitions for behavior.
Used Gherkin Syntax to test the behavior of the Application (BDD) using Cucumber with Selenium (WebDriver).
Involved in planning, preparing, creating, debugging, and running automated test scripts in Selenium WebDriver using Java, Maven, GIT, JUnit and TestNG framework.
Developed Data driven, Keyword driven test framework with Page Object Model approach.
Used TestNG, Apache POI frameworks to develop test suite and Data Driven Testing.
Cross-Browser Testing was involved for browser compatibility.
Analyzed automated test results, maintained, and sent reports to the management.
Conducted different types of testing (smoke, black box, functional, integration, UI, data, interface, regression, UAT, etc.) for Web and Client-Server based applications.
Performed mobile app and mobile web testing for Android and iOS devices.
Developed and executed tests for usability testing, interface testing, low level resource testing, service testing, and compatibility testing for mobile devices.
Developed Oracle SQL Queries to validate data from the database tables and performed Back-End Testing.
Developed an automated test framework in Selenium and deployed source code to GitHub.
Used Jenkins for continuous integration and development.
Reviewed along with the team all necessary documents and ensured that all scripts and documents are updated.
Prepared test strategy and test schedule for new, upgraded application and services.
Identified, tracked, resolved all defects, and ensured resolution prior to implementation of software.
Supported and worked with team to prioritize work requests and reported issues/results on a daily/weekly basis.
Coordinated with management, development team, operations and clients for any outstanding issues and ensured the implementation of software in the correct environment.
Presented drawings to project managers and incorporated recommended changes.
Kept the project on schedule and within budget while serving as project leader.
Led project scheduling and budgeting to successfully and quickly complete engineering projects.
Documented meeting minutes and distributed to staff to facilitate follow-up and permanent record.

LinkedIn:
ad6mo1@r.postjobfree.com
718-***-****
New York 11003
Skills:
Adaptability
Analytical skills
Attention to Detail
Communication skills
Self-starter
Team player
Problem-solving
Contact this candidate