Anguel Hristov

Software QA Engineer

PROFILE SUMMARY
Strong knowledge and experience in Software Quality Assurance Processes and Methodologies, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Quality Assurance Life Cycle (QALC), and Defect Life Cycle (DLC)
Hands-on experience in testing Web application, Mobile Application, and exposure to Test Automation.
Proficient in designing and executing test plans, identifying defects, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to drive product excellence.
Effective communicator with strong analytical skills, capable of providing valuable insights to optimize testing processes and enhance overall product reliability.
Ability to manage multiple projects and adjust to changing priorities.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Platforms - iOS, Windows, UNIX/LINUX, Android
Programming - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Java
Database – Oracle, MySQL
Test Automation - Selenium Web Driver, IntelliJ, Cucumber/Gherkin, Git/GitHub
Web Services - API, Postman, Swagger, Postman Interceptor
Testing Tools - Chrome DevTools, ChroPath, TestRail, TestFlight, HokeyApp, Jenkins
Mobile Testing - Android Studio, ADB/AVD, VSCode, Xcode
Bug Tracking - Jira, Xray, Confluence
Other - MS Office, Google Drive

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Angdim Technology INC, Software QA Engineer, San Jose, CA 02/2023 – Present
Tested multiple Web-based and Mobile software applications following Agile methodology.
Actively involved in all aspects of pre-testing phase, analyzed business specifications, functional requirements, use cases for clear understanding of acceptance criteria
Developed, executed, and documented manual test cases and test automation scripts.
Performed Smoke and Regression test for new builds deployed to QA and Staging environments.
Developed RESTful API tests based on Swagger documentation and executed them via Postman.
Conducted testing on mobile applications, executed test cases in different browsers/platforms: Mobile (iOS, Android), web (Chrome, Safar, Edge, etc.).
Performed compatibility testing on Android/iOS devices as well as on emulators and simulators.
Collected and analyzed logs using ADB command line tool for debugging.

Adobe, Software QA Engineer, San Jose, CA 09/2022 – 12/2022
Performed quality assurance testing on Adobe mobile app
Created test plans and detailed test cases based on business requirements, functional requirements and specifications using TestRail.
Performed Functional testing, Service Integration testing, Regression testing and UI testing
Wrote clear and precise defect/bug reports to the bug-tracking database and monitored the progress of the reported defects and verified the fixes.
Increased overall testing accuracy by 30% through the creation of test plans and detailed test cases based on business requirements, functional requirements and specifications using TestRail, resulting in higher quality software and improved user experience.

Facebook, Software QA Engineer, Burlingame, CA 01/2022 – 09/2022
Performed quality assurance testing on Portal devices
Created test plans and detailed test cases based on business requirements, functional requirements and specifications using TestRail.
Performed Functional testing, Service Integration testing, Regression testing and UI testing
Wrote clear and precise defect/bug reports to the bug-tracking database and monitored the progress of the reported defects and verified the fixes.

Bank of America, Software QA Engineer, San Francisco, CA 11/2019 – 04/2021
I was a part of the QA team which works on the BofA mobile application for iOS and android mobile phones and tablets.

Using bank’s tools, I was involved in creating a data for every project which was used from developers and the QA team for development.
Created test plans and detailed test cases based on business requirements, functional requirements and specifications using QTest.
Execution of test scripts manual and automated
Recorded, assigned, verified and resolved bugs found during all stages of testing using Jira.
My responsibility includes Functional Testing, Service Integration testing and UI testing. Business events verification.
I was part of quarterly planning creating epics and stories.

SAP Ariba, Software QA Engineer, Palo Alto, CA 11/2018 – 10/2019
Performed quality assurance testing on a web-based application.
Created test plans and detailed test cases based on business requirements, functional requirements and specifications.
Recorded, assigned, verified and resolved bugs found during all stages of testing using Jira.
Performed deployment of builds.
Wrote test scripts and executed test plans manual and automated
Participated in Browser Compatibility testing.
Responsible for performing Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Integration testing.
Selenium Web Driver for test automation

Facebook, Software QA Engineer, Menlo Park, CA 11/2018 – 10/2019
Performed testing on iOS and Android devices for Facebook, Messenger and Instagram apps.
Main duties include testing, finding and filing bugs for Face masks, Target tracking, Body tracking, Hand tracking and Semantics (object recognition).
Wrote clear and precise defect/bug reports to the bug-tracking database and monitored the progress of the reported defects.
On a daily basis, used internal tools (similar to Jira) for filing and tracking bugs, close or reopen in case they weren’t fixed. IM app (similar to Slack), test case management tool for test runs, writing, adding, deleting and editing test cases, (similar to Testrail).
Ensured timely and accurate implementation of test plan by managing and prioritizing test assignments, activities and resources under direction of Quality Engineers and Project Managers.
Daily use of Android SDK platform tools, ADB commands and XCode.
Extensive experience working with an offsite team in India.
Interacted with Business Analysts and Software Developers for bug reviews.

Lyft, Software QA Engineer, San Francisco, CA 11/2017 – 03/2018
Performed testing on a web project for drivers who don’t own cars or don’t want to use their own car. For them there is an option to rent a car.
Day to day duties included using Jira, Testrail, HockeyApp, TestFlight, Git, Paw, BrowserStack, Charles proxy.
Created test plans and detailed test cases based on business requirements, functional requirements and specifications.
Ensured timely and accurate implementation of test plan by managing and prioritizing test assignments, activities and resources under direction of Quality Engineers and Project Managers
Wrote clear and precise defect/bug reports to the bug-tracking database and monitored the progress of the reported defects and verified the fixes.

Upthere INC, Software QA Engineer, Redwoood City, CA 03/2015 – 08/2017
Performed application testing on Android and iOS devices.
Used Android SDK platform tools, ADB commands, XCode.
Responsible for performing functional testing, regression Testing, integration testing.
Multimedia testing.
Performed camera testing. A camera application was built in to the main application.
Testing of video encoding, verified the streaming quality in different network conditions.
Determined test strategies based on requirements, developed and executed test cases.
Performed system, unit, acceptance, regression, load, functional/performance testing and UAT.
Executed browser compatibility testing (IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari) of a web-based application.
Wrote clear and precise defect/bug reports to the bug-tracking database and monitored the progress of the reported defects and verified the fixes.
Constant communication with team members of all teams.
Worked in an Agile development environment with frequently changing requirements and feature sets.
Involved in testing of a brand-new hardware, portable cloud storage device.
Day to day duties included using Jira, Testrail, HockeyApp, TestFlight, Git, Paw, BrowserStack, Charles proxy as well as physical devices.

EDUCATION
2001 Macroeconomics, BS, Burgas Free University, Burgas, Bulgaria

Mountain View, CA 94040
650-***-****
ad6mt6@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate