Surya Bhattarai
Software Quality Analyst/Test Engineer
ad6oi6@r.postjobfree.com
919-***-****

Objective:
Experienced Software Quality Analyst/Test Engineer with over 9 years of expertise in healthcare and financial domains. Skilled in automation testing, team leadership, and financial industry projects using Selenium, Java, TestNG, and JUnit frameworks. Proficient in CI tools, defect tracking, and backend database validation.

Professional Summary:
Extensive experience in Waterfall, Agile, and Kanban methodologies, including multiple Sprint cycles.
Skilled in writing test cases, test plans, and test scenarios based on requirements and user stories.
Lead the automation testing efforts using Selenium with Java or JavaScript, ensuring robust and efficient test coverage for all web applications
Vast IT industry experience in analysis, ETL, and BI testing of DWH and reporting applications, particularly in healthcare projects for CareSource and Partners Health.
Gathered testing requirements and developed executable test cases to ensure comprehensive coverage of functional and non-functional requirements.
Developed modular test frameworks and executed tests using TestNG and JUnit, ensuring comprehensive test coverage and reliability.
Utilized Jenkins and GitLab for CI/CD integration, enhancing the efficiency of the testing process.
Actively participated in Agile ceremonies including standups, design review meetings, sprint planning, user story grooming sessions, demo/review sessions, and retrospective meetings.
Conducted critical testing, troubleshooting, and analysis of application software for complex projects to ensure high quality and functionality.
Performed Functional, Regression, Smoke, SIT, Stress, UAT, and E2E testing.
Proficient in using QC/ALM for requirements management, test plan maintenance, and test case execution.
Adept at understanding data processing, data flow, user interaction, and business rules.
Experienced in defect management and bug reporting.
Designed use cases, test plans, and test cases based on business requirements and technical specifications.
Versatile in various testing methodologies, preparing test plans, scenarios, cases, and reports for both manual and automated testing with tools like Selenium, LoadRunner, Quality Center, SOAPUI, REST, and Postman.
Experienced in data mapping, star/snowflake schema models, ETL processes, and creating stored procedures and SQL queries for backend data warehousing testing.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to analyze requirements, identify defect-causing issues, and communicate them to stakeholders for prompt resolution.
Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills with a strong curiosity and ability to learn new concepts.

Technical Skills

Testing Tools
Selenium,Team Foundation Server (TFS),Jira,SOAPUI,PowerShell, Ultra Edit, Postman, Rest API,Swagger
Methodologies
AGILE/Scrum, Waterfall
Databases
MS SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access
Operating Systems
Linux, Windows, Mac
Bug Tracking Tool
Quality Center, ALM 11.0, Jira, Rally, TFS
Web Browser
IE, Firefox, Google Chrome, SAFARI
Project Management Tool
MS Office 2016, Outlook, Visio, MS SharePoint, Service Now, TFS, Tidal
Data Warehouse Tools
Informatica, SSIS
Version Control/ CI-CD
GitHub, Gitlab, Jenkins
Programming language
Java,C#, JavaScript, Typescript

Professional Experience:
Care Source, Dayton, OH
Role: Quality Analyst/Test Lead Aug 2018- Feb 2024
Developed, maintained, and communicated meaningful testing plans and recaps to drive product decisions.
Designed new testing methods and resolved routine and non-routine technical issues with minimal assistance.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including developers, product managers, and business analysts, to ensure comprehensive test coverage and alignment with project goals
Thoroughly documented issues found, assigned proper severity, and drove resolution.
Executed regression tests prior to the deployment of software.
Utilized JUnit and TestNG for test execution, ensuring reliability and efficiency of test scripts
Collaborated with data engineers and analysts to design and implement efficient data models in Snowflake.
Utilized Snowflake's SQL capabilities to perform complex data transformations and analyses.
Integrated automated testing solutions into continuous integration pipelines.
Prepared recommendations or alternatives that addressed existing and potential QA-related issues.
Monitored and analyzed test execution results on Selenium Grid, troubleshooting and resolving issues related to test environments and configurations.
Monitor and report on test progress, coverage, and quality metrics, providing regular updates to stakeholders and senior management
Provide technical leadership and mentorship to the QA team, fostering a culture of continuous improvement and high-quality standards
Provided recommendations on areas that would benefit from automated testing.
Maintained a customer-focused mindset for delivering a product centered around a great user experience.
Integrated automated tests into CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, ensuring seamless deployment.
Documented Test Cases for Manual or Automated Testing.
Helped build and maintain high team morale.
Environment: SQL Server Data Tool 2017, Tidal, Service Now, Facets, Ultra Edit, HP ALM, XML Files, .CSV Files, SoapUI, Selenium, Power BI Dashboard, Gitlab, SSRS Report
JPMC, Dallas TX Feb 2016 – June 2018
Role: ETL QA Tester
Prepared test plans from business requirements and functional specifications. Developed test cases for deployment verification, ETL data validation, cube testing, and report testing.
Participated in an agile development environment with sprint meetings and story grooming sessions.
Actively engaged in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) planning, design, development, and results.
Conducted extensive data validation using SQL queries and back-end testing, including front-to-back testing for all European and Asia Pacific regions.
Performed both functionality and back-end testing.
Prepared system test results after test case execution, performing functional, regression, data integrity, system, and compatibility testing.
Conducted end-to-end testing, validating claims functionality including data validation from source to destination tables.
Environment: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX, DB2, putty, Shell Scripting, C#, Selenium, Java, XML Files, CSV Files, IBM
Partners Health Care - Boston, MA June 2014 – Dec 2015
Role: ETL Tester/Analyst
Created requirement traceability matrix and generated test plans and test strategies based on business requirements.
Developed test cases from the test plan and uploaded them to the test management tool. Utilized Quality Center for testing activities, creating test cases and test sets.
Participated in the complete QA lifecycle including pre-testing, acceptance testing, testing phases, and user acceptance testing.
Reported bugs and collaborated with developers to resolve defects. Conducted smoke, system integration, performance, and regression testing.
Developed test cases for ETL data migration and wrote data conversion and migration scripts for the ETL process.
Proficient in writing SQL queries including select, from, where, add, update, delete, and various joins (inner, outer, left, right), and performed aggregate functions such as group by, union, and having.
Understood data models, data schemas, and ETL processes and created extensive stored procedures and SQL queries for backend data warehousing testing.
Validated Tidal jobs and participated in defect triage meetings to determine the priority and severity of bugs.
Environment: DataStage 8.7, DataStage Director, DataStage Designer, Facets, Oracle 10g, HP ALM, SoapUI, SQL Developer 3.2, UNIX, BizTalk, Tidal, Windows.

Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Electronics and Communication Engineering
Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu, Nepal
Contact this candidate