Swetha Thathari
Sr QA -Lead
Contact: 737-***-****
Email: ad6o7a@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications:
Overall 14 years of IT experience as a QA Engineer/Lead and Business Analyst.7+ years as a Test Lead in manual, web services and automation testing with SOAPUI.
Excellent understanding of Software Testing Li
fe Cycle and Software Development Life Cycle.
Experience in preparing test plans, estimates, scripting, designing and executing the relevant scenarios, monitoring the tests, analysing the results, identifying bottlenecks and testing phases of different projects.
Expertise in working in all cycles of software testing which includes manual, automation, smoke, regression, performance and integration.
Worked in different domains like banking core business with Credit cards, Loans, financial services(FIS), transactions/payments likes- ACH/Cheques, deposits and credit cards.
And other domains like insurance - life /auto, healthcare and wholesale payments.
Expertise in requirement gathering, design, planning, execution and estimation and execution of test efforts for complex system.
Also performed Mainframes Testing manual and Automation with Cucumber and Selenium.
Worked on with different testing methodologies like Waterfall model, Agile and Scrum.
Strong understanding on test management processes, design techniques and best practices
Worked with Test management tools like HP ALM.
Worked as UAT lead and created test plans and test strategy documents.
Also Supported user acceptance testing conducted by business partners or end users.
Experience in automation using Junit,TestNG and Cucumber frameworks with Selenium Web Driver and SOAP UI and SOAP scope for Web services testing.
Bug tracking tools (Bugzilla, Jira and TRAC), fixing bugs in coordination with development team.
Expertise in writing SQL queries to perform database testing.
Worked with TOAD for database testing.
Experience in ETL methodology for supporting Data Extraction, Transformations and Loading process in a corporate-wide-ETL solution using Informatica 9.0.1/8.6/8.1/7.x/6.x
Has experience in Performance testing using J-meter and Blaze meter
Excellent knowledge in Oracle and SQL server.
Have enough hands on QTP and HP-Quality Center.
Experienced at working with clients, gathering requirements and preparing requirement specification documents.
Good at working in Offshore/Onsite model.
Strong leadership, presentation and collaboration skills.
Ability to engage with stakeholders at all levels (upto Senior Managers) and manage expectations
Ability to manage multiple priorities and having good contextual awareness
Experience in writing Use Case document, Supplementary Specification Document.
Provided support, direction and coaching to UAT specialists throughout the planning, UAT and Post Production Validation phases by reviewing and providing feedback around test cases, data requests, test results, evidence packages, PPV checklists and defect tracking.
Good inter-personal skills and accustomed to work efficiently in a team with hectic schedules.
Expertise as a Business Analyst and writing user stories using JIRA
Ability to work efficiently with complex teams and multiple cross functional teams.
Data Modeling, Business Process Modeling (BPM), Use Case modeling using UML, Project Management, Change Management
Experience in developing project plans and estimating project timeline.
Excellent working knowledge of Project Life Cycle and clear understanding of Project Management
Excellent business communication and presentation skills. Adapt at creating, editing, and coordinating extensive communication networks, to keep executive staff and team members apprised of goals, project status, and resolving issues and conflicts.
Knowledgeable about preparing RTM documents.

Technical Skills:
Test Management Tools: HP/Mercury Quality Center11.0, HPALM, Test Link
Testing Tools: Selenium, JMeter, SOAP UI and SOAP Scope
Defect Tracking Tools: HP Mercury Quality Center, JIRA, TRAC, Bug zilla
Project Management Tools: CVS, SVN, Jira, GIT Lab
Database Tools: Oracle 8I/9I/10G, SQL Server 2000, SQL Developer, TOAD
OS/ Servers: IOS, Windows, LINUX, WebLogic, WebSphere, Tomcat
IBM Tools: RFT and RPT
Languages/Scripting: Java, SQL, PL/SQL, XML, HTML, JavaScript, VB script and UNIX
Frame Work: Cucumber and JUNIT

Education & Certifications:
B.Tech, Computer Science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University(JNTU),India 2006.
Certified in Foundation Level Software Test Engineer from International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB).
Certified scrum Master valid afro Jan 2024- Jan 2026-(PSM I)

Professional Experience:
Citi Bank, Tampa, FL May’ 2023- Jul’2023
UAT lead/IT Business Analyst Lead
Citi - Project:
Responsibilities:
Worked as UAT lead and prepared Test plan for different modules and managing the team of 2 members.
Worked closely with all stakeholders to communicate client needs, adjusted requirements based on technical feedback, prioritized requirements, and managed to change priorities.
Examined and analyzed existing IT systems and business models and created requirements based on analysis.
Participated in delivering comprehensive business solutions for B2B e-commerce projects.
Created requirements from stakeholders and translated them into appropriate deliverables.
Led efforts to produce documentation relating to system information which included: technical requirements, functional specifications, process and flow diagrams, and Requirements Traceability Matrices (RTM).
Collaborated effectively with developers, stakeholders, and team members during various stages of development including designing, coding, testing, deploying, and maintenance.
Created documents that identified the current (AS IS), future (TO BE) state, functional/workflow issues and improvement opportunities of the business processes.
Supported AGILE Scrum development processes including Backlog Grooming/Refinement, Daily Scrum, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, and Sprint Retrospective.
Worked with Product Owners to groom the backlog and prioritize user stories based on roadmap and importance.
Worked with stakeholders to improve Human Resources processes including payroll, business administration and benefits.
Analyzed customer demographics and preferences to improve marketing strategies.
Efficiency in JIRA to create user stories/tasks, acceptance criteria, and estimate story points.
Worked with Testers to design, document and execute test plans and test cases agreed upon to certify adequate functionality of technological solutions in order to guarantee the quality of the application.
Assisted clients in assessing the impact and opportunities of new technologies to enable new capabilities.
Worked with the Project Manager to conduct impact analysis of system changes, business processes and existing technology.
Coordinated resolution of issues to include change management, root cause analysis, and escalate issues as needed.

Environment: GIT Lab, Java, Oracle10g, Jira, Confluence, Selenium, Cucumber, SQL

JPMorgan Chase, Tampa, FL Jul’ 2021- Mar’2023
Senior Software Engineer-QA Lead
Chase- Project:
Responsibilities:
Prepared Test plan test strategies for different modules and managing the team of 4 members.
Prepared RTM documents.
Worked with Wholesale Payments/transactions and Finastra domain in Investment Banking line of business.
Performing the system testing dealing with wire transfers, ACH, Cheques, deposits and payment processing.
Automating functionality using Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber framework.
Done manual testing with ADA tools.
Developed functional test cases and automation scripts from functional specification/usecase documents.
Used JIRA for bug tracking and reporting and done the regular follow-ups with development team to verify and update bug status.
Developed automated test scripts for UI screens using Selenium and Cucumber framework by implementing the TDD framework.
Performing end to end testing as part of daily work.
Also done functional, system, smoke and Integration testing.
Involved in Project Demo's as part of every sprint in Agile methodology.
Performed Performance testing using J-meter

Environment: GIT Lab, Java, groovy scripting, SQL, Jira, SVN, Selenium, Cucumber, j-meter, react, splunk, confluence,AWS services

JPMorgan Chase, Wilmington, DE Jul’ 2018- Jul’2021
Senior Software Engineer-QA Lead
Chase- Project:
Responsibilities:
Worked a QA Lead leading 4 members team and also multiple teams like offshore team for Chase Auto Finance in Consumer Banking line of business.
Prepared Test plan test strategies for different modules.
Automating functionality using Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber framework.
Creating end to end scenarios as UAT tester as well.
Worked with Testers to design, document and execute test plans and test cases agreed upon to certify adequate functionality of technological solutions in order to guarantee the quality of the application.
Strong leadership skills in managing the fellow QA members and mentoring the new Team members and QA folks
Conducted Web services testing using SoapUI and automated the REST APIs services using selenium with genie framework.
Developed functional test cases and automation scripts from functional specification/usecase documents.
Used HP ALM for bug tracking and reporting and done the regular follow-ups with development team to verify and update bug status.
Also done mainframes testing manually and written automated test scripts for mainframes screen using Selenium and Cucumber framework by implementing the BDD framework.
Also done functional, system, smoke and Integration testing.
Involved in Project Demo's as part of every sprint in Agile methodology.
Also performed Database testing in Cassandra by writing the sql scripts.
Performed Performance testing using J-meter and Blaze-meter
Worked as a Business Analyst as working with stakeholder, Business/Product teams and AD team in requirement gathering and writing stories using JIRA.
Strong collaboration skills by efficiently communicating through verbal and written skills with business teams, AD teams and other UAT team members.
Involved in collaboration calls with stakeholders and Product teams in analyzing the use cases.

Environment: GIT Lab, Java, HP ALM, Oracle10g, Jira, SVN, Selenium, Cucumber, SoapUI, Mainframes, Cassandra db, AWS, micro service

TEK Systems, Wilmington, DE Jan’ 2018- Jul' 2018
Senior QA/UAT Tester
Chase- Project:
Responsibilities:
Prepared Test plan test strategies for different modules.
Worked in banking core line of business like Chase Auto Finance in Consumer Banking dealing with Auto loans and mortgage.
Automating functionality using Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber framework.
Conducted Web services testing using SoapUI.
Developed functional test cases and automation scripts from functional specification/usecase documents.
Used HP ALM for bug tracking and reporting and done the regular follow-ups with development team to verify and update bug status.
Also done mainframes testing manually and written automated test scripts for mainframes screen using Selenium and Cucumber framework by implementing the BDD framework.
Also done functional, system, smoke and Integration testing.
Worked as UAT tester and conducted end-to-end integration testing and assured software delivered met requirements and expectations.
Involved in Project Demo's as part of every sprint in Agile methodology.
Also did Database testing in Cassandra by writing the cql scripts.

Environment: GIT Lab, Java, HP ALM, Oracle10g, Jira, SVN, Selenium, Cucumber, SoapUI, Mainframes, Cassandra db, AWS, micro service.

Infosys, Plano,TX Sep’ 2017 – Jan 2018
Senior TestAnalyst/Lead
Charles Schwab
Responsibilities:
Worked a QA Lead leading 2 members team and also multiple teams like offshore team for Core banking line of business.
Prepared Test plan,test strategies for different modules.
Automating functionality using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG and Cucumber framework.
Succesfully delivered the project deliverables for sprints with a team of 3 members.
Developed functional test cases and automation scripts from functional specification/usecase documents.
Written end to end testing scenarios for different modules using Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver
Used JIRA for bug tracking and reporting and done the regular follow-ups with development team to verify and update bug status.

Environment: GIT Bash, Java, DB2, Jira, BitBucket,Bamboo, Selenium, Cucumber, IntelliJ,ParaSoft.

La Quinta, Irving, TX Apr’ 2017- Aug’2017
Senior QA Analyst
Responsibilities:
Prepared Test plan test strategies for different modules.
Automating functionality using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG framework.
Conducted Web services testing using SoapUI.
Developed functional test cases and automation scripts from functional specification/usecase documents.
Used HP ALM for bug tracking and reporting and done the regular follow-ups with development team to verify and update bug status.

Environment: GIT Lab, Java, HP ALM, Oracle10g, Jira, SVN, Selenium, Cucumber, JMeter, SoapUI.

Equinix, Redwood City, CA Aug’ 2015 – Jun’ 2016
Senior QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
Created and executed test cases and scripts for various datacenters modules.
Prepared Test Plan and Testing Strategies for different modules.
Used TOAD for querying in Oracle and tested various ETL process flow graphs to meet Business rules and technical requirements.
Automated and scheduled Informatica jobs using UNIX Shell scripting.
Performed Data validation to verify the data extracts and record counts in the database tables.
Prepared test data to verify the functionality of the Informatica.
Logged defects with initial analysis and proofs by capturing screenshots and recording log summary in HP Quality center.
Performed performance testing on various browsers like chrome, ie and fire fox.
Participated in weekly status meetings, conducted walkthroughs, documented proceedings, and mentored new team members in test documentation and test case execution.

Environment: GIT Lab, Oracle, HP QC, Selenium, Jira, Informatica9.1, TOAD, UNIX, Shell scripting

Tata Consultancy Services/ State Farm, India Jan’ 2013 – Feb’ 2014
Senior QA Analyst
Integrated Customer Platform (ICP)-DC2
Responsibilities:
Analyzing the DC2-Auto functionality.
Reviews and updating of requirements.
Performing the system testing for different coverages for Auto insurance for various states like NJ,NY,CA and other.
Automating DC2 functionality using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG framework.
Performed performance testing on various browsers like chrome, ie and fire fox.
Test Design, Test Execution using Test Link Tool, Defects Management, Test Reporting.
Performed manual, automation and System Testing.
Successfully worked as Module Lead and backup Project Lead with team of 5 members.

Environment: Java, Mainframes, TRAC, DB2, Test Link, Lotus Notes, Selenium

Tata Consultancy Services/ Wells Fargo, India Aug’ 2011 – Dec’ 2012
Senior Test Engineer/QE Manager
CBS (Card Business Services)-CICCT-:
Responsibilities:
Involved in preparing the Test Plan and designing test cases and executing the test cases manually in HP Quality Center based on functional specification and technical specification documents.
Worked in core banking domains like Credit cards, FIS and Fiserv.
Involved in preparing n Test Strategy creation and Test Plan definition.
Collaboratively working with cross functional teams as QE Manager.
Involved in preparing and giving demos to the higher management with having enough presentation skills.
Strong collaboration skills
Also involved in tracking the defects and Defect Reporting.
Written manual test scripts and run the scripts using SOAP Scope tool and logging the defects in QC.
Test data preparation for Data Completeness and Data Quality based on the business logic.
Attending status calls and defect meetings daily with onsite counterpart.

Environment: Java, Oracle, HP quality Center (11.0), SOAP Scope, SVN

Tata Consultancy Services, India Aug’ 2009 – Jul’ 2011
Senior Test Engineer/Test Lead
Aarogyasri- eOffice - Star Health And Allied Insurance Company Ltd and Aarogyasri Health Care Trust (Govt. of Andhra Pradesh):
Responsibilities:
Successfully delivered the project as Test Lead with a team of 10 members using Agile Scrum methodologies.
Analyzing the business requirements and attending meetings with Business team.
Providing the estimates for various modules and prepared user manuals for different modules.
Performed performance, functional and regression testing on various browsers like IE, Chrome, Opera and firefox.
Written test cases and executed the scripts accordingly as per the Business.
Creating required test data based on the business logic.
Written SQL queries to validate the data such as checking duplicates and null values in Oracle10g.
Working with the development team on the defects to closure using Bugzilla.

Environment: Java, JSP, Struts, Springs, Hibernates, Oracle 10g, Quality Center (QC), Bug Zilla, PL/SQL, JDeveloper, CVS

Tata Consultancy Services, India Nov’ 2008 – Jul’ 2009
Senior UAT Tester/Business Analyst
Global Asset Protection Services (GAPS) – XL-Global Services:
Responsibilities:
Understanding and Analyzing the Requirement Documents received from client.
Preparing Technical Documents like Functional specification documents.
Performed manual, functional and System Testing, also involved in User Acceptance Testing.
Attending daily status calls with the client.
Involved in the discussions regarding the improvements and enhancements in the business with onsite counter parts.
Worked as UAT tester and performed end user testing for Loss Prevention Consultant product.

Environment: JavaScript, SQL Server, Microsoft Info path, XML Spy, Quality Center (QC).

Tata Consultancy Services, India Dec’ 2007 – Oct’ 2008
Software Tester
e-Setup- Great West Life (GWL):
Responsibilities:
Understanding and Analyzing the Requirement Documents received from client.
Writing test cases and executing the test cases in QC
Also raising the defects and tracking the defects using QC and working with development team to fix the defects.
Prepared the prototype of different modules using dream viewer tool.
Performed manual Testing and System Testing, also part of Integration Testing.

Environment: Hibernates, JSF, WebSphere Portal server 5.1.0.3, RAD, DB2, JSR 168API, Quality Center (QC), Dream viewer

Tata Consultancy Services/ JP Morgan Chase, India Feb’ 2007 – Nov’ 2007
Software developer/Tester
Strategic Dimension Maintenance -:
Responsibilities:
Understanding and Analyzing the Requirement Documents received from client
Preparing Technical Documents like Functional specification documents.
Documentation like preparing Use cases for different modules.
Writing test cases for different requirements and executing test cases using HP-Quality Center.
Performed functional, regression and System Testing.
Involved in Bug report generation.
Performed User Acceptance Testing on client system.

Environment: Struts, Hibernates, J2EE, Oracle, Eclipse, WebSphere server, HP-Quality Center (QC).
Contact this candidate