Mohammad C Miah
Queens, NY
917-***-****
ad6q88@r.postjobfree.com

VISA Status: U.S. Citizen

Profile summary:
Having 10+ years of experience as a software QA engineer on manual, automated, API, and performance testing of client servers and web-based applications.
Extensive experience in the QA standard process on functional, integration, regression, and UAT testing during different stages of SDLC, followed by Agile-Scrum/Waterfall methodology.
Expertise in test management tools like Jira, Azure DevOps, and ALM for keeping records of testing and defect tracking story-wise in Agile or Waterfall environments.
Hands-on experience on test plan, test design, build, and maintenance of a test automation framework from scratch on a page object model with BDD, API automation, data-driven, keyword-driven, and hybrid frameworks using Selenium WebDriver, Maven, and TestNG with Java.
Hands-on BDD (Cucumber) framework with Gherkin language in Selenium WebDriver and Java programming language with TestNG/JUnit.
Hands-on expert in working with various databases like Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle RDBMS, Salesforce SOQL, DB2, MySQL, etc.
Experienced in ETL methodology for testing and supporting data extraction, transformations, and loading processing in a corporate-wide ETL solution.
I had hands-on experience with the IBM Mainframe 3270 operation to validate financial (trade) transactions and performed functional testing as well.
Expertise in API and performance testing using JMeter/BlazeMeter, Postman, and SoapUI to validate server responses to various requests using JSON/XML formatters.
prepare various frameworks such as data-driven, keyword-driven, and hybrid frameworks.
Experienced in the preparation of testing documentation such as the test plan, test case, QA dashboard, QA sign-off report, etc., followed project documentation.
Knowledge of automated web service testing to validate CRUD (create, retrieve, update, delete) testing scenarios with REST-assured Selenium WebDriver with Java and TestNG.
Knowledge of mobile application (Native, Mob, and Hybrid App) testing using Selenium WebDriver and Java with Appium on Android and iOS
Expert on HP-QTP/UFT automation tool with VBScript using descriptive programming to hands-on experience on Unix SH commands to validate various server functionalities as per project requirements using PuTTY.
Tools & skills:
●Testing tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, QTP/UFT, Jira, Azure DevOps, HP-ALM / Quality Center, JMeter, BlazeMeter, SoapUI, Postman, Swagger, RestAssured, Git, Jenkins, Mainframe.
●Languages: Java, VBScripts, Gherkin, XML and JSON.
●Database: Oracle RDBMS, Microsoft SQL Server, Salesforce SOQL and IBM-DB2.
●Other: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc.)
●Methodology: Agile-Scrum, Waterfall.
●OS: Windows, Linux and Mac.
●Domain knowledge: Financial, Trading, HealthCare and Banking

Educational background: Bachelor of Arts under National University, Gazipur, Bangladesh.
LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-miah-b2684b116/

JOB EXPERIENCE:

Position : Lead Test Automation Engineer
Client : Wells Fargo
Location : Remote for Summit, NJ
Duration : May 2022 - Present

Responsibilities:
Involved in working with cross-functional teams to understand the business requirements, technical specifications, and functionalities for QA support sprint-wise.
I am directly involved in designing from scratch, implementing, and maintaining the test automation framework (PageObject model with Cucumber/BDD) using Selenium WebDriver with Java and TestNG in the Gradle project to perform smoke, functional, and regression testing.
Involved in doing functional testing manually and keeping track of Jira and ALM using them as test management tools.
Maintaining close collaborations with cross-functional teams like, Developers, POs, and QAs for testing support.
I am directly involved in creating and maintaining automation scripts in Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber (BDD) with the Gherkin language followed by the pageObject model.
Performing to run multiple test cases as parallel execution in Selenium WebDriver using TestNG as execution engine.
Involved in doing performance testing in BlazeMeter along with JMeter.
Performing API testing using Postman to apply various API calls to validate RR data as per requirements.
Involved in performing database testing using Microsoft SQL Server and creating various queries to fetch data from multiple tables using joining techniques and conditions based on data mapping documentation and project schema.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Jira, Microsoft SQL Server, Agile, Windows, JMeter, BlazeMeter Java, JSON, SQL and MS Office.

Position : Quality Assurance Engineer (System Admin II)
Client : New York City Campaign Finance Board
Location : NYC, NY
Duration : Mar 2020 – May 2021

Responsibilities:
●Involved in working with cross functional teams to understand the business requirements, technical specifications, and functionalities to prepare QA documentations.
●Directly involved in designing from scratch, implementing, and maintaining the test automation framework (PageObject model) using Selenium WebDriver with Java, TestNG in Maven project to perform Smoke, Functional and Regression testing.
●Involved in doing Functional testing manually and keeping track in Azure DevOps using as test management tool.
●Maintained close collaborations with QAs, Developers, BAs as per testing needed.
●Directly involved in creating and maintaining automation scripts in Selenium WebDriver with Cucumber (BDD) with Gherkin language followed by pageObject as design pattern in Selenium WebDriver.
●Performed to run multiple test cases as parallel execution in Selenium WebDriver using TestNG as execution engine.
●Involved in doing performance testing in JMeter using automated script built-in Selenium WebDriver and Java as language.
●Performed API testing using Swagger and JMeter to apply various API calls such as, Get, Post, Put & Delete and validate the response data as per requirements.
●Involved in performing database testing using Microsoft SQL Server and creating various queries to fetch data from multiple tables using joining technique and condition based on data mapping documentations and project schema.
●Conducted a triage call weekly with cross-functional people to review/discuss open anomalies and update decisions on DevOps.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Azure DevOps, Microsoft SQL Server, Agile, Windows, JMeter, Java, C#, JSON, SQL and MS Office.

Position : Quality Assurance Consultant III
Client : Bank of America
Location : Charlotte, NC
Duration : Jun 2019 – Feb 2020

Responsibilities:
●Involved in working with agile teams to review and understand Acceptance Criteria for user stories followed by FEs to create test plan, test case and automated test script based on the requirements.
●Involved in creating and maintaining the BDD approach with Cucumber tool in Selenium WebDriver with Java using Gherkin language to execute automated test cases.
●Enhanced automation test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming features for global execution.
●Execution of automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver and reporting defects through Jira.
●Involved in designing and implementing automation framework (PageObject Model) built using Selenium WebDriver with Java and TestNG to perform Unit, Functional and Regression testing.
●Performed API testing using Postman to validate functionalities based on various requests (GET, POST, PUT and DEL) and validate them.
●Involved in automate Web Service testing using RESTful with Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG and JSON/XML validate CRUD scenarios using various requests (GET, POST, PUT and DEL) and assert them based on requirements.
●Involved in continuous integration process using Jenkins with Git and Selenium WebDriver.
●Using Jira as a test management tool where keeping track of testing and defect activities story wise.
●Conducted Data-driven, cross browser and parallel testing using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG.
●Used test management tool HP-Quality Center/ALM to keep record of testing activities when execution is done through automation.
●Performed manual testing of stories that are not automatable and kept testing records in Jira.
●Involved in doing Functional testing closely with the development team in every sprint through automation using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
●Involved in performing database testing using writing SOQL queries to fetch data from multiple tables using joining technique based on data mapping doc and project schema and validate them.

Environment: Salesforce, Selenium, Cucumber, HP-ALM, Jira, Jenkins, Git, Agile, Windows, RESTful API, SoapUI, Postman, Java, JSON, ASP.NET, SQL and MS Office.

Position : QA Automation Engineer
Client : EVO Payments International
Location : Melville, NY
Duration : Apr 2017 – May 2019

Responsibilities:
●Involved in working with project stakeholders to review and understand project stories/requirements to prepare testing documents such as, Test Plan, Test Case, Test Strategy etc. based on project documentations.
●Used test management tool HP-Quality Center/ALM to create Test Plan, Test Lab and execute all test cases accordingly and maintained treatability as well.
●Involved in doing Functional testing (Unit and Integration) closely with the development team in every build manually and automated using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
●Tracking defects and reporting them using test management tools HP-Quality Center/ALM and Jira.
●Involved in performing ETL/database testing where writing SQL queries to fetch data from multiple tables using joining technique based on data mapping doc and project schema and validate them.
●Involved in backend testing using SQL queries to access the main database using SQL Developer.
●Involved in creating and maintaining of BDD (Cucumber) framework in Selenium WebDriver with Java using Gherkin language to execute automation test cases.
●Involved in designing and implementing automation framework (PageObject Model) build using Selenium WebDriver with Java and TestNG to perform Unit, Functional and Regression testing.
●Enhancing automation test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming features for global execution.
●Execution of automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver and reporting defects through Jira.
●Performed manually API testing using Postman, SoapUI to get server response based on various requests (GET, POST, PUT and DEL) and validate them.
●Involved in automate Web Service testing using RESTful with Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG and JSON/XML to validate CRUD scenarios using various requests (GET, POST, PUT and DEL) and assert them based on requirements.
●Involved in continuous integration process using Jenkins with Git and Selenium WebDriver.
●Conducted Data-driven, cross browser and parallel testing using Selenium WebDriver.
●Preparation of project reports such as, Test Status report, Weekly/Monthly report, QA Sign-Off etc. based on project current testing status.

Environment: Selenium, UFT-12.02, Mainframe 3270, ALM/Quality Center, Jira, Jenkins, GitHub, Agile/Waterfall, Windows, RESTful API, SoapUI, Postman, Java, JSON, ASP.NET, SQL and MS Office.

Position : Quality Assurance Engineer
Client : Fidelity Investments
Location : Jersey City, NJ
Duration : Jul 2015 - Mar 2017 (1 yr, 9 mo)

Responsibilities:
●Involved in working with project stakeholders to review and understand application requirements in order to prepare Test Plans, Test Case documents according to BRD & HLDD (SDS/ TSD etc.).
●Used the Purchase & Sales engine to validate trades, view trade details, cancel and perform certain trade corrections on Equity, Fixed Income, Mutual Funds, Bonds and option trades using IBM Mainframe 3270.
●Hands-on used the Interactive Institutional Delivery System (NIDS) for trade confirmation through the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC)/Omgeo SM Trade Suite for DVP/RVP and executing broker accounts.
●Worked in Preparation of Test Procedures, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Data.
●Directly involved in Test Execution, results analyzing and Defect Reporting. Also, preparing weekly and monthly status reports.
●Responsible for GUI and Functional Testing, using black box testing techniques.
●Tracked defect and reporting using test management tool HP-Quality Center/ALM, Jira.
●Used test management tool HP-Quality Center/ALM to set up new projects, create Test Plan, Test Lab and execute them accordingly.
●Involved in designing and implementing automation design patterns (PageObject /PageFactory) built using Selenium WebDriver with Java + TestNG as Execution Engine.
●Conducted Data driven testing, cross browser testing and parallel test execution.
●Created automation test cases using Element locators and Selenium WebDriver methods.
●Enhanced test cases using Java programming features and TestNG annotations as well as Test Scripts enhancement for Global Execution.
●Executed Selenium Test cases and reported defects using JIRA.
●Involved in API testing (REST Assured) using Selenium with TestNG and . Also, experienced in SoapUI and Postman.
●Involved in execution of regression testing in coordination with manual team using Selenium, TestNG along with Java.
●Involved in doing server validation through transactions in the Unix environment using PuTTY tool.
●Designed Functions Library, Functions, Subroutines, Regular expressions and environment variables in UFT using VB scripts.
●Practiced to build/handle different kinds of UFT frameworks like, Data Driven, Keyword Driven and Hybrid framework.
●Involved in implementation of ETL testing where validated data migration as per data flow diagram and schema.
●Performed data validation testing and written SQL queries to fetch data from multiple tables used joining technique based on data mapping doc and project schema.
●Implemented QA activities in Unix SH environment using PuTTY tool on various functionalities and also validated them in UI.

Environment: Selenium, Java, UFT-12.02, Mainframe, Quality Center/ALM, Jenkins, Github, Agile, Waterfall, RTC, Windows, Linux, Restful API, ASP.NET, SQL, HTML, XML, Candor and MS Office.

Position : QA Automation Analyst
Client : HUD (Housing and Urban Development)
Location : Washington DC
Duration : Nov 2012 – Jul 2015 (2 yr, 9 mo)
Project name : Home Improvement

Responsibilities:
●Directly involved in working with Business Analyst, Developers, QA team and other project stakeholders to review and understand application requirements to prepare STLC documentations such as, Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Data etc. according to technical documents followed by business requirements document.
●Involved in preparation and execution of Test scripts and Test cases to ensure product quality based on the business requirements.
●Hands-on used test management tool HP-Quality Center to design test plans included all functional test cases and executed them through the test lab, and also raised defect using QC defect window.
●Directly involved with a cross functional team to perform production validation during deployment of newly built applications.
●Prepared test matrices, test cases in excel and exported them to HP-Quality Center using export mechanism (Add-ins).
●Tracked defects and reported them properly using test management tool HP-Quality Center.
●Written complex SQL Queries from scratch to fetch data from the database and validate them.
●Involved in preparation of an automation framework using HP automation tool QTP.
●Involved in the conversion of manual test cases to automate scripts using automation testing tool QTP/UFT & ALM.
●Involved in regression testing on each build during various phases of application using QTP/UFT.
●Involved in using Descriptive programming in QTP/UFT with applying VBScript to create reusable resources.
●Planned and executed the automation test script for Functional, Regression purpose using HP-QTP/UFT.
●Build Functions and created function library, Regular Expressions and Environmental variables using QTP in VB scripts.
●Responsible for validating the functional test script developed by QTP/UFT and planning them to be executed prioritized as well as creating the test results report.
●Prepared Recovery files using Recovery Scenario Manager associated the recovery scenarios to tests to instruct QTP with specified trigger action on unexpected event/popup.
●Involved in Risk Analysis, Root cause analysis, walkthrough and supported to release mgt team.

Environment: HP-Quality Center/ALM, QTP/UFT, Windows, SoapUI, J2EE, ASP.NET, Java, VB, Oracle, MS SQL Server, UNIX and MS Office.

-: Reference will be provided upon request:-
Contact this candidate