Radhika Reddy Software QA Engineer
Frisco, TX-***36

Summary:
●A dynamic professional with around 11 years IT industry experience in Manual testing for Web based, Window based and Mobile applications, Web Services Testing, Client /Server Application Testing.
●Experience in analysis, design, development, testing, delivery and production support of application software. Expertise in manual and mobile testing.
●Strong in API testing using tools like Advance REST client (Postman) etc. Experience in performing end-to-end user acceptance testing (UAT).
●Experience in preparing test plans, writing test cases, mapping, developing and maintaining test scripts for manual and automated testing environments.
●Extensively worked with AWS Environment to run all testing and developing. Communicated with AWS server to load thousands of data for testing. Tested API calls to AWS server. Good experience in working with Restful Web Services, SoapUI and Postman.
●Worked in automation team to create Regression automation script using Selenium WebDriver scripts using Java.
●Built framework from scratch, create and maintain automation Test Scripts for Front End testing using Java, Selenium WebDriver, Test NG, Cucumber, Gherkin.
●Create test plans for assigned projects and applications and performed Sanity testing and Smoke testing Knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
●Performed cross-browser compatibility testing in Chrome, Firefox, IE, Opera to ensure cross-browser compatibility of the application.
●Experienced in the full life cycle of system development like Agile, Waterfall.
●Extensive working knowledge of different kinds of software application testing like front-end and back-end testing, positive and negative testing, unit testing, integration testing, system testing, configuration testing, compatibility testing, data driven testing, user acceptance testing.
●Involved in integrating various functionalities such as credit card processing, accounting, delivery, and inventory control.
●Develop test cases based on business requirements, functional and technical specifications, and development standards for assigned projects/applications.
●Highly proficient in using the defect-tracking tools like Quality Center, Test Director, Microsoft TFS and Jira. Experienced in mobile Web and App testing.

Skills:

Operation System: UNIX Front End Tools, React Framework, MS Office, MS Project Professional, MS Access, Databases Used MSSQL Server, Oracle Domain Mobile, Retail, Cloud Storage
Scripting Language: Knowledge in VB Script, JavaScript
Testing Tools: QTP, Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver, SOAP UI, JBehave, Cucumber(JVM), Maven, Jenkins
API Testing Tool: Advance REST Client, SOAPUI Bug Tracking Tool, HP Quality Center, JIRA, Bugzilla, Microsoft TFS Build and CI Tool
Maven and Jenkins Browsers: Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, Safari
Other Tools: CS2, BARTT, SIEBEL, JMX-Console, ALICE, SABRE (SAAS), QIK, Business Objects/Crystal Reports, JIRA, Citrix, Lotus Notes, Quality Center.
Desktop Software: Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Project Mobile Devices, Android, iOS, Mac, Windows.

Agile Software Development Team Foundation Server QA

Professional Experience

Chase Bank, Texas May 2021 to Present
Software Quality Assurance Engineer Responsibilities:
●Communicate and Track any quality risks, gaps or issues.
●Communicate the status of testing initiatives to the stakeholder groups and lead triage meetings.
●Verify and review software and business requirements.
●Continually improve the testing infrastructure, tools, and processes.
●Have responsibilities in the process of traceability of requirements through to functional tests and defect lists,
●Own the process of creating metrics to measure and monitor product performance.
●Establish, document, and enhance QA processes, train team members on those processes.
●Define quality metrics and implement measurements to determine test effectiveness, testing efficiency, and measure the overall quality of the Product.
●Candidates must lead the planning and execution of testing for the conversion of admin systems,
●Plan, develop, and execute test strategy across products and platforms.
●Work on building a Quality driven engineering culture that helps ship products rapidly and with good confidence.
●Act as the primary point of contact for all quality aspects of releases.
●Develop, maintain, and operationalize test plans.
●Implement and evolve QA processes to get effective test signals and scale testing efforts across multiple products.
●Work with engineers and projects leads to triage and prioritize issues for resolution.
●Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver and developed and executed the Automation Test Scripts.
●Designed and executed test cases to validate the functionality and performance of APIs.Verify API results.
●As a result of API requests to ensure that they are accurate and meet the specified requirements.

DRC Implementation - American National, Dallas, TX Nov 2018 to April 2020 Software Quality Assurance Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Offers multiple personal and commercial insurance products including Life, Annuity, Agriculture, Auto, Home, Business Owners, and Mortgage, to name a few.
●Their Mortgage Security Insurance (MSI) product provides coverage for a lender's interest in residential and commercial mortgaged properties by covering those properties when the mortgagor fails to carry proper insurance and where properties have been foreclosed by the lender.
●American National's MSI product has been very successful with nearly 8,000 inforce master policies and over 44,000 certificates.
●They are in the market to replace their current manual quoting and policy issuance process with a fast, reliable user interface which will allow them to continue to grow easily and rapidly in the years to come.
●Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.

●Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities.
●Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs.
●Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved.
●Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Liaise with internal teams (e.g Developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Monitor debugging process results.
●Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions.
●Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies.
●Perform REST API testing using POSTMAN.

DRC Implementation -AEGIS Insurance, Gainesville, FL Sept 2015 to Oct 2018 Sr. Quality Analyst

Responsibilities:
●Working closely with on-site and remote development resources in several countries Create detailed, well-structured test cases and assist senior team members in testing.
●Assists in determining and developing approaches to testing solutions.
●Work in a fully Agile environment using Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration (CI) and all underpinned by high quality test automation.
●Coordinating testing activities with the QA Manager and Project Managers Assisting developers with issue analysis.
●Took a leading role in test automation and manual testing, actively involved in creation of detailed test plans, test cases and test scenarios for different application modules according to functional requirements and business specifications.
●Responsible for conducting smoke, functional, UI, regression and ad-hoc testing of Axis cloud based online TV graphic applications built using Flash and Flex.
●As a member of the Scrum team participated in daily standup meetings, project status meetings as well as retrospective meetings and iteration reviews.
●Identified, analyzed, and documented defects utilizing Team Foundation Server as defect tracking system.
●Worked closely with the Development team, BA and QA teams as well as Stakeholders and members of Management.
●Took an active role in static testing activities such as design review and requirements inspections to identify ambiguity and inconsistency in requirements.
●Responsible for defect tracking, defect reporting and defect reproducing.
●Tested applications compatibility on different platforms (Windows, Mac OS), browser versions (IE, Firefox, Safari and Chrome).
●Developed complex SQL queries during the End-to-End testing stage.
●Created tractability matrices, test and bug reports and other test related documents Involved in system integration and user acceptance testing (UAT) on later stages of SDLC
●Lead initiative for proper detailed documentation of QA reports Perform Rest API testing using SOAP UI
●Created scripts in SOAP UI for testing REST API calls Mocked the Data in SOAP UI for REST API calls.

Southwest Airlines, Dallas, HDQ Nov 2012 to Aug 2015 Quality Analyst/Mobile Tester

Responsibilities:
●Analyzing Business System requirements that are being loaded in JIRA by BSA
●Analyze test cases and defects being loaded in Quality Center and JIRA by QA teams to ensure the link entities and accuracy of data.
●Coordinate with the QA team to manage and update the missing parameters of test cases and defects in TD
●Direct/coordinate with BA/BSA to manage and update the missing parameters of requirements.
●Attended daily scrum and reported the status and other environmental issues for execution.
●Manually updated the test cases in Quality center and defects in JIRA as per the test result documentation.
●Analysis the testing activities as per the planned forecast for the given projects Direct/ coordinate with resources to update the data according to project status Analysis the Weekly QA Metrics Reports for to correct the reporting errors Knowledge sharing on reporting cycle and process among QA, BSA teams as required.
●Testing and validating the functional and UI parts of the application in the front-end, validating the points, awards and credits both in .com and SIEBEL after each transfer, communicating with the AirTran team to test the functionality of the application.

Projects:
● Tested Southwest Mobile app and Mobile Web on GSM, CDMA cell phones and across different devices like iPad and different Android mobile devices
●Test data creation in Siebel for adding Promocerts and RR points

Environments and Tools:
HP Quality Center, JIRA, SIEBEL, SAAS (SABRE), CS2, BARTT, JConsole, QIK, Windows, MS-Office, Agile

Education:
●Bachelor’s degree, Electrical and Electronic Engineering from JNTU, May 2005
Contact this candidate