Mafuzur Rahaman
ad6txo@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 347-***-****
SUMMARY:
A seasoned, result oriented, well determined Test Engineer with over six plus years in the IT Industry with diversified experience in Automated and Manual Testing of Web Based and Client/Server applications in various environments. Seeking a challenging position as a Software Test Automation Engineer to utilize my skills, abilities, and experience in testing technical products to ensure proper functionality before introduction of product to market. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
● Strong experience in cross browser, cross platform web testing with Selenium WebDriver.
● Experience in designing and implementing different types of UI Automation frameworks like Cucumber BDD and Modular Driven with Selenium WebDriver through the Page Object Model design pattern.
● Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle including Agile and Waterfall.
● Strong experience with agile test methodology and Agile Development process.
● Experience in analyzing the User Stories, Requirements and Use Cases to develop test cases.
● Expertise in QA Methodologies with various testing concepts such as Functional Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, End-to-End Testing and more.
● Strong experience in quality testing including effective Automated Test Case Design, Test execution with continuous Integration Server and Test Result Reporting.
● Strong experience with SOA architecture that include Restful Web Service testing and API testing.
● Experienced in using Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Pipeline (CI/CD) for software test execution using Git and Jenkins.
● Solid experience with Keyword Driven and Data Driven framework implementation
● Extensive work experience using Bug Tracking Tools like JIRA.
● Excellent writing, verbal and interpersonal skill set with a self-starting attitude, team player and problem-solving skills.
● Quick learner and excellent team player having ability to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Operation Systems Windows and Mac
Language/Scripts Java, JScript, HTML, XML, JSON and CSS Database Oracle, My SQL and Microsoft SQL Server
Reporting Tools JIRA
Testing Tools Selenium WebDriver, RestClient and Postman IDE and Build Tools Eclipse, Jenkins and Apache ANT Web Debugging Tools Google Analytic Debugger, WASP and Firebug Other tools MS Office, Git, GitExtension and SourceTree PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Capital One Bank
July 2022 - Present
New York, NY
QA Automation Engineer
● Design and develop UI Functional Automation Test framework using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber BDD, Maven, TestNG, Java, IntelliJ and generate JVM report to cut down regression time into half.
● Develop Automated Smoke Test Suites that run after each deployment to assert core functionalities of application behave as expected.
● Implement cross-browser and cross-platform web testing with Selenium WebDriver
● Good Understanding of Java Object-Oriented programming Concepts (OOPS).
● Build Postman BDD API Automation framework to test the API using Postman, JavaScript and generate HTML Extra Report using Newman (npm).
● Involve and provide feedback in all scrum events such as Backlog Grooming, Sprint planning, Daily Stand-Up, Retrospective meeting and ensure QA team engagement with Developers and Product team.
● Work with cross-functional teams to ensure software quality throughout the Software Development Lifecycle.
● Used Maven for Project building tools and Jenkins for Continuous Integration to run tests and fast feedback.
● Scheduled weekly meetings to report the status of testing and defects. Kenneth Cole
May 2020 - July 2022
New York, NY
QA Automation Engineer
● Worked in Agile (Scrum) development environment with frequently changing requirements.
● Prepared Test Plan for manual testing for different releases that covers GUI Testing, Functional Testing, System Integration Testing, Regression Testing, End-to-End Testing, and User Acceptance Testing.
● Design Module Driven automation framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, Java, Apache ANT, Eclipse in Windows and Mac platforms to cut down the regression time in half.
● Deploy automation scripts to GitHub Repository for Continuous Integration (CI) testing using Jenkins and Git Bash/SourceTree.
● Develop API Automation Scripts to send the requests and verify the responses using Postman, JScript, JSON, Swagger, npm and generate HTML Report.
● Run API Automation and Selenium test suite during continuous process to find bugs sooner.
● Configure Apache ANT to run the automation test suite from the BAT to file in the local machine.
● Maintain and execute the test scripts according to the business requirements document
(BRD).
● Involve in writing SQL queries for backend testing and verifying that the database updates, inserts, deletes, records, and validates them using Microsoft SQL Server.
● Review and report defects, test results and potential risks, along with day-to-day tasks to the manager on a timely basis.
● Manage defect process, analysis, and assignment and report and verify all bugs in JIRA.
● Responsible for coaching and mentoring the team members. Cigna
June 2018 - April 2020
Bloomfield, CT
QA Engineer (Consultant)
● Prepared detailed test plans and test cases, and consulted with business analysts on testing options and strategies, including applicable regulatory.
● Formulated techniques to execute positive and negative testing as per the requirements.
● Accomplished Backend Testing by using SQL queries to verify the integrity of the database.
● Tested modules on the application by Manual Testing and data validation using SQL queries.
● Tracked, reported, and verified software defects to ensure the resolution of issues found using JIRA.
● Conducted Functional, Regression, and Smoke Testing.
● Reviewed functional design for internal product documentation.
● Analyzed, tested, and certified application-specific software and performed ambiguity reviews of business requirements and functional specification documents.
● Developed Manual Test cases and test scripts to test the functionality of the application.
● Participated in weekly project status meetings and updated the testing progress. Education
B.S. in Computer Science
Contact this candidate