Extensive experience in writing Test Plans, Test Scripts, Test Cases, executing them, and reporting defects using Waterfall and Agile/Scrum Development methodologies.
Automated and developed test scripts for System and Agile testing using Selenium WebDriver/IDE/GRID, TestNG, Java, Maven, Log4j, and JDBC API.
Experienced in REST-based web services.
Automated and developed REST API Framework using Rest Assured,Java, TestNG, & JSON parsers. Expertise in Mobile Web Testing and App Testing on iPhone, iPad, and Android devices. Proficient in Java Unit Testing frameworks JUnit4/3 and TestNG. Adept in using bug reporting tools like Jira,Qtest. Experienced in Configuration Management tools like Git and SVN. Skilled in Black Box, Functional, System, Regression, Integration, GUI testing, and UAT Testing using both Manual Developed Testing Documents, Testing Plan Documents, and Local Workstation setup for Selenium Testing.- Well-versed in troubleshooting, debugging, testing, and version control methodologies. Collaborated with project management teams for efficient release deliverables and sign-off documents. Reported and maintained test results for all releases across different environments. Adaptable, self-motivated, and a team player with excellent communication and leadership skills. Browser(s)
Web Services Testing
Databases
Test Automation Tools
Operating System
Testing Methodologies
Test Management Tools
Programming language(s) SQL,HTML, XML, VB, JAVA, Java Script UI PRO, Postman,, RESTFUL, WSDL, XML, JSON
MS SQL Server, Oracle,Postgres
Selenium WebDriver, RestAssured, Cucumber, TestNG, JUnit,Tricentis Tosca,Maven,Appium
,
QTest,Jira,Trello
Unix, Linux, Windows XP/VISTA/7, MAC
System Testing, Reliability Testing, Feature Testing, Acceptance Testing, Functionality Testing, Regression Testing, Agile Testing, Build Acceptance Testing, Go-Live Testing IE, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari
LAVISHA YADAV
A user-centric and analytical QA Automation Engineer with 6 years of experience in manual and automation testing, with hands-on expertise in the Development & Testing web and mobile applications across multiple domains, including e-commerce, and Banking, utilizing Agile and Waterfall methodologies. work and give testers more time to focus on high-value testing
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Experience Summary
https://github.com/lavishaGit
https://medium.com/@yadav.lavisha2212
linkedin.com/in/lavisha-yadav-13326022b
ad6vh6@r.postjobfree.com
408-***-****,San Jose,CA
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
LibDib Inc. QA Automation Engineer
LibDib associated with Republic National Distribution Company provides support and management of front end for an e-commerce web application for RNDC through Supplier portal and online ordering interfaces. The App is used by the Customers/Sales rep to buy products through this platform, and can easily and efficiently purchase RNDC products, shop and learn about the latest items, get the latest information on deliveries, and review their invoice history. .
Responsibilities:
April 2022- Oct-2023
Actively involved with SCRUM and sprint meetings, managing the product backlog, removing obstacles to progress, re-allocating resources, prioritizing, and reviewing milestones and accomplishments. Utilized Agile process and worked on automation & manual testing of the application. Responsible for various testing types, including Documentation testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), browser compatibility testing, Integration testing, and maintaining design documentation in Windows environments. Involved in arriving at Test Estimates, Test Planning, Test Strategy planning of Test Preparation & Execution. Attended Requirement and Design walk-through sessions, and worked with the team and Business to document Use Cases. Implemented Data Driven, Page Object Automation Framework using WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, and Maven technologies. Developed common classes for Page Object Model (POM), UI Mapping, and Selenium Data Driven using XLSX sheets Created and Maintained RESTful API Framework using Rest Assured, TestNG Used Postman for our eCommerce application APIs related to online payments ensuring secure and reliable payment processing and descriptions of endpoints, request parameters, and response JSON formats. Performed web services testing and validated JSON request/response data using Postman to test the functionality of services like extracting the restricted products, delivery Information, Invoices, Payment, etc Created common classes for parsing, creating test data, and validating messages using Java. In-depth functional testing and Regression on different iOS iPhone, iPad, and Android devices Implemented Appium scripts to test iOS and Android devices housing Java, TestNg. Conducted testing on iOS upgrades especially an emergency update within a constrained timeframe. Conducted comprehensive backend testing using Oracle SQL queries to retrieve and validate data. Implemented Regression and Smoke test execution as a separate step of the deployment process. Extensively tested defect fixes and ran regression tests to ensure no new defects were introduced. Developed and executed a new online Payment Feature (ACH and Credit Card payment options) User stories in the qTest Management Tool.
Collaborated with AWS integration team and RNDC team for testing eCommerce application by creating Automated scripts in Neoload, conducting stress and performance testing Performed Manual & Automated Functional testing and cross-browser testing.Collaborated with RNDC and Libdib teams to identify and resolve complex issues related to software quality, resulting in a 25% reduction in defects. Completed an intensive training program covering fundamental and advanced concepts of Tricentis Tosca. Maintained and automated test scripts using Tricentis Tosca, specifically leveraging the XScan feature for efficient test case creation. Successfully updated Tosca regression suites of over 900 test cases. Helped in providing a sign-off report for RNDC Management, which summarized test cases, defects, and Automatic and Manual regression summary for Mobile, Supplier portal, and online ordering for every release.
- Utilized qTest Tool to streamline the UAT process and enhance testing efficiency. nvolved in coordinating with end-users or business representatives during the UAT process.Created and executed the UAT test cases, documenting and reporting defects or issues encountered during testing.
Responsibilities:
Dec 2008 - Dec 2010
Implementing automation framework for Restful Services using the latest technologies RestAssured Cucumber, TestNG reducing the test execution effort by 80-85%.
Involved in creating Java-based scripts for Selenium WebDriver with TestNG as an automation framework Used Selenium Web Driver, Grid, Java, and XPath & Firebug, Maven, log4j, JDBC Responsible for all types of tests like Business Functionality, Documentation testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), browser compatibility testing, Integration testing, and maintaining technical design documentation in Oracle and Windows environments.
Responsible for implementation of build using WebDriver, TestNG& Maven technologies under Java Platform utilizing industry-leading harness design patterns and approaches Performed contract testing for APIs using Postman and Swagger. Validated the JSON Schema and DB validation for the responses as per the requirement.
Analyzing and understanding the requirement, and its scope, estimating the QA effort, and creating tasks for the related stories assigned.
Participated in project meetings, release meetings, QA status meetings, and Go-No-Go meetings. Analyzed Business Requirements, and use cases [AGILE PROCESS] and worked on automation and manual testing Involved in arriving at the Test Estimates, Test Planning, and Test Strategy planning of Test Preparation and Execution. Automated database validation for the API using SQL queries in order to view successful transactions of data for validation
Worked on Jira project management platform and Slack cloud-based collaboration tool for team collaboration activities. Numpy Ninja is a Career-centric company, just for women that harnesses the power of advanced AI technology to deliver innovative solutions to its clients and prospective customers, utilizing the capabilities of computing and machine learning. The project involved an e-commerce portal. This system is used by authorized staff and students where all data and screens would be role-based and/or access-controlled.It provides provisions to view program information, record student attendance, create and grade assignments, post-study resources, and class recordings. Jan 2021- Mar 2022
SoftElixir Info Tech (P) Ltd,India
QA Analyst
Worked with online bill pay Banking. With Bank Smart the customer can pay their own bills as they come in or set up automatic, recurring payments (mortgage, auto loans, savings plans, etc.). Once you set your payments in motion, they'll reach their destination within their specified time (2-3) business days for payments transmitted electronically. Responsibilities:
Studied Business Requirement Documents and Functional Design Documents. Assisted the business analysts in performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and making test scenarios and test cases for the same.
Analyzed the ambiguous requirements and reported the ambiguities in a checklist. Directed the walk-thru efforts of the system test plan with other IT groups. Numpy Ninja
SDET Engineer
Completed System Integration Testing of new features added to the system. Performed Data Driven Tests by parameterizing the fixed values to read from various Text, Excel, and Access files for regression testing
Involved in writing Test plans to perform system testing. Performed data-driven testing using Excel files in Selenium. Developed test scripts using Selenium to perform smoke, functional, and regression testing. Performed regression, functional testing, Integration, Smoke testing, Adhoc testing, production testing, black box testing, user interface testing positive /negative testing.
•Extensively performed Front-End as well as Back-End Testing on the applications and performed Defect Tracking for the same.
Diploma in Advanced Computing from C-DAC Bangalore, India in 08/2007 Master of Science in Computer Engineering Applications from Agricultural Deemed University, Allahabad, India • 12/2005
Test Design Specialist Level 2 Tricentis-2022
Microsoft® Certified Application Developer (MCAD) for Microsoft
.NET 2005
EDUCATION
CERTIFICATIONS
qTest Specialist Level 1 Tricentis - 2022
Automation Specialist Level 1 Tricentis-2022
Automation Specialist Level 2 Tricentis 2022
Test Design Specialist Level 1 Tricentis 2022
Java Developer
July 2007 - Dec 2008
Developed web-enabled database application for a division of Ford Motor Company. The project involved migration from the legacy system to an Oracle database using VBA components in Excel sheets. This system replaced over 50,000 Excel sheets with a centralized, universally accessible relational database system. The multiple-criteria “search and reporting” capabilities were built using ASP components
Responsibilities
System study and database design for Oracle.
Wrote SQL queries and statements to test the database for retrieving information Involved in the design and development of the website using .net ASP, HTML, Java, and FrontPage. Used JavaScript for client-side validations.
Extensively used Microsoft Project 98 VBA object model for application development Involved in the development of custom Microsoft Project 98 templates Developed functional and technical documentation
Performed manual, automation, load, stress, white box, and black box testing. SoftElixir Info Tech (P) Ltd,India
Contact this candidate