K Vinitha
QA Automation Engineer
Email: ad6wpz@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 210-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kasarla-vinitha-0a8b7757/

SUMMARY:

Having 11 plus Years of experience in Software industry with experience in Automation testing using Selenium.
Experience in Salesforce functional testing projects. Expert in Salesforce Sales cloud and Salesforce Service cloud CRM functionality
Good Experience in designing various frameworks like Keyword Driven, Data Driven, POM Framework & BDD Cucumber.
Experience in importing data using data loader and Import Wizard in Salesforce.
Worked on OWD Settings, Roles and sharing roles in Salesforce Application.
Strong experience in software testing process including executing tests, recording results, testing reports & tracking defects. Proven ability in supporting offshore and onshore teams in Application Testing.
Involved in doing the POC’s and developing the Utilities for multiple projects.
Strong knowledge in Automation Framework Designing, Executing, and maintaining automated test script.
Developed test scripts to automate process of testing in Selenium Web Driver
Developed skills in managing, creating & executing the QA and testing processes, test strategies and bug documentation and regression.
In-depth knowledge of SDLC, STLC, Testing Tools & Testing Concepts.
Independently spearheaded the Defect Tracking and Bug Reporting using Quality Centre.
Have exposure working on agile projects, leading scrum team and handled in sprint testing and status tracking. Delivered the projects in Agile Methodology. Involved in Product Backlog refinement, Sprint planning, Pre/Post card hurdle and Retrospective meetings.
Experience in writing SQL query to Accessing, Manipulation and validate the data using Oracle SQL
Extensive interaction with developers, configuration management while handling production issues with development and business analyst team.
Good expertise in Banking, Healthcare Domains with different environments like Java, Eclipse and Windows.
Good knowledge on DB Testing in MY SQL and Oracle Database using SQL Queries and Web services Testing using Postman tool.
Adroit at executing various software quality assurance activities for enhancing effectiveness of application.
Exposure in project quality management works and quality reviews for specifications & design.
Adept at developing test plans using requirement documents and functional documents.
Exceptional communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner.
Consistently recognized for excellent problem-solving and analytical skills by project managers and supervisors.
Expertise in Test Planning, Test Cases Design, Test Environment Setup, Test Data Setup, Defect Management, Configuration Management.
Writing and maintaining automated UI tests in Java using the IntelliJ IDE.
Extensive experience on Git as version control management and used Jenkins for continuous integrating (CI) and continuous deployment (CD).
Expertise in developing automation scripts in BDD format using cucumber and proficient in writing cucumber scenarios in GHERKIN format.
Expertise in Salesforce sales and service cloud modules.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Automation Tools
Selenium WebDriver, RC, Grid, IDE, Rest Assured (API)
Programming Languages
Core Java, JavaScript (Basic)
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, JSON, XML
Frameworks
Testing Framework: Cucumber, TestNG, Data-Driven Framework, Page-Object Model, Keyword Driven, Data Driven
IDEs
Eclipse, IntelliJ
Databases
Oracle SQL, MySQL, SQL Server
Development Tools
Jenkins, ANT, Maven, Gradle
Testing Tools
JUnit, Log4J, Postman, Selenium, WebDriver, TestNG, Soap UI
Version Control Tools
GIT, SVN
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, ALM, RALLY
Functional Skills
Salesforce Testing
Methodologies
Agile, Waterfall
Operating Systems
Windows 7 and Windows 10
Salesforce Modules
Salesforce Sales cloud and Salesforce Service cloud

Testing Skills
UI Testing, Integration Testing, Manual Testing, Functional Testing, API Testing, Usability Testing, Regression Testing, Acceptance Testing, Smoke Testing, Sanity Testing, Performance Testing
Quality Assurance and Testing
Creating test strategy, test plan, test cases, test data and test execution, creating and managing defects, generating test execution scorecards and test dashboards.
Project Management
Expertise in Sprint Planning, Sprint Review and Daily Scrum. Mentoring team members on requirements gathering and testing activities. Ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of individuals
Domain Knowledge
Banking, Healthcare

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Project Name: CVS Claims System
Client: CVS Health
Company: Agilewit Solution Inc Jul 2022- Till now
Role: Senior QA Automation Engineer

Description: CVS Claims System provides a 360 degree view application to raise the claims and settle the claims easily, quickly, transparently for member and provider
Responsibilities:
Involved in development of BDD cucumber framework from scratch.
Create report types, custom reports, and dashboards to meet the reporting requirements of the decision makers in organization
Preparing Test Plan and Test cases for assigned user stories present in the sprint backlog and planning for automation scripts.
Executing the test scripts with BDD Cucumber framework
Involved in Smoke, Functional, Regression and System Testing and automating the feasible test cases.
API collections testing using Postman tool to ensure quality response.
Triggering Jenkins jobs scheduled in QA environments for executing Progression and Regression suites.
Debugging and analyzing scripts in the Cucumber report.
Preparing Technical and Process documents for Quality Assurance like Daily Status Report and Test Summary Report.
Leading the team members to achieve release goals.
Cloud testing in Azure environments.
Coordinated with Test data team for application data to manufacture and mine.
Supporting teams in configuring the CI and CD pipeline locally and on the cloud.
Preparing EOTR (End of Test Report), Test plan, Daily Status Report, Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) and Test Cases
Developed uses cases based on the customer view and perspective
Provide training and technical support to the test program users. Develop and enhance the automation skills within the team.
Schedule the automated builds from Azure/Jenkins periodically and run the automated sanity build in CI & CD pipelines whenever a build is promoted from Integration to Acceptance.

Project Name: Sales Management
Client: AT&T
Company: Accenture Oct 2021– June 2022
Role: Quality Engineering Specialist

Description: AT&T Sales Management project deals with the tracking sales of the all the AT&T products. This application is a Salesforce application which does the sales management of all the AT&T products resulting increase in sales revenue across every individual AT&T store

Responsibilities:
Develop and Build Automation Framework from scratch using Web Driver, Eclipse, Test NG, and Java in Windows platform to cut down regression testing time
Worked on customization of standard objects like Lead, Account, Contact and Opportunity in Salesforce application.
Developed and maintained a library of automated test scripts for Salesforce applications, resulting in a 40% reduction in manual testing efforts and improved test coverage.
Created custom fields, pick lists, dependent pick lists, Custom settings and Validation Rules, Formulas to the custom objects.
Creation of Workflow rules, Page Layouts, Approval Processes, Tasks, Email Alerts, Field updates to manage the workflow and Approvals
Experience in creating Custom Objects, Custom fields, Page Layouts, Custom Tabs, Reports, Dashboards, and various other components as per the Salesforce Application Requirements.
Highly proficient in creating the Objects, Formula fields, Relationships, and rollup summary fields.
Experience in creating the Salesforce Page Layouts, Record Types, Validation Rules, Workflows, Email templates, Approval Processes.
Created users, roles, public groups and implemented role hierarchies, sharing rules and record level permissions to provide shared access among different users.
Feasibility study of manual test scripts and Design of Automated Test scripts using Selenium Web Driver.
Maintained a central repository using Tortoise GIT for the automated test scripts.
Reviewed the automation test scripts and provided optimized solutions.
Perform and validate positive, negative, system, cross-browser, and integration testing
Modify and update Automation scripts when developers change the code in Agile Environment
Provided KT sessions to the new joiners in the team in both on functional and automation aspects.
Delivered the projects in Agile Methodology. Involved in Product Backlog refinement, Sprint planning and Retrospective meetings.
Performed the API testing using SOAP UI Rest Services.
Interact with end users to obtain specific system requirements and develop Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scenarios
Write SQL queries for backend testing and verify that the database updates, inserts, deletes, etc. the records, and validate them using MS SQL Server
Added automated tests using JAVA in different test suites to accommodate the new features of the product.
Debug and fix automation issues if needed.
Regression testing of identified Use Cases to validate Application Server features.
Involved in raising defects using defect tracking tool and worked with developers to fix them, verify, and close the defects.

Project Name: OBKYC
Client: HSBC
Company: Infosys Jun 2020–Oct 2021
Role: Senior Associate Consultant

Description: Implemented the HSBC OBKYC application, optimizing customer onboarding, internet banking, and corporate banking, achieved increase in efficiency for the KYC approval process, resulting in improved customer satisfaction and reduced turnaround time.

Responsibilities:
Interacted with Manual testing team for getting the knowledge on the application.
Writing the automation test scripts using Web driver and Java using BDD Cucumber framework.
Designed, executed, and maintained Selenium Web Driver (Testing) automated test cases for regression test cases. Used Eclipse IDE to develop & debug the code.
Worked on Git as version control management and used Jenkins for continuous integrating (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) pipeline.
Tracking & Reporting Defects to Jira, Retesting and Updating the Test Results to Jira.
Executed parallel browser testing on various machines using Selenium Grid and performed cross browser testing.
Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behaviors and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber.
Preparing & Sharing progress reports, defect and test execution reports, statistical data and impact analysis to the members of the project team as well as management.
Managed and executed the test process, using Agile Methodology.
Collaborate with project teams to ensure that established quality goals are being incorporated into the business solution.
Trained QA team members with new and enhanced features in test automation
Perform sanity testing of new builds.
Uploaded the test cases in Rally. Test Case Creation and Test Case Execution is done in Rally.

Project Name: PQM (Post Market Quality Management)
Client: General Electric
Company: Capgemini June 2016–Mar 2020
Role: Senior Analyst

Description: PQM (Post Market Quality Management) is part of GEHC. PQM application is generally used to analyze the post quality of the product manufactured by GE. Once the product delivered to the users and if they got any issues related to product, PQM will take care of the process of complaint handling mechanism.

Responsibilities:
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the application.
Interacted with Manual testing team for getting the knowledge on the application.
Writing the automation test cases using Web driver and Java using Page Object Model Framework.
Building automation regression test suite for application which can be executed during each release
Executing regression suite, finding the defects, and logging defects.
Attending the client calls on weekly basis and sending the status reports to the Lead.
Identifying the Defects, Reporting the Defects and retesting the defect to ensure defect fix.
Performed peer reviews.
Scripts integration with framework.
Worked with Jenkins CI tool to support the Continuous Integration process.
Scripts execution on the new build.
Results analysis and find the defects.
Customized the Framework as per the client requirements.
Responsible for supporting and independently completing project tasks.
Participate at the time of final deployment to production to certify from QA and share the certification results.
Worked with other team members, as needed, on processes and new functionality.
Frameworks are built using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JAVA, TestNG, Selenium, Cucumber, Extent Report, and Apache POI API.
Tracked the defects in Jira.

Project Name: WebEx
Client: Cisco
Company: Accenture Mar 2013–Jun 2016
Role: Software Engineer

Description: WebEx is a Salesforce application and it one of the important portfolios of Customer Management track. The main theme of WebEx is managing customer problems or issues by providing related articles with solution or customer should be able to file a case.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for writing test cases based on the requirements document
Preparation of test cases and getting the test cases reviewed by Business and IT Team.
Uploading the test cases in HP Quality Center.
Executing the test cases and raising defects
Retest the defects and do regression testing parallelly to ensure the code is not broke.
Performed the API testing using Postman
Write SQL queries for backend testing and verify the database updates, inserts, deletes, etc. in Oracle Database
Performed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and provide training to the end users about the new application.
Actively attended defect report meeting periodically.
Worked with the developer to ensure that the testing issues are solved immediately.
Evaluated and reviewed RTM for mapping requirement to appropriate test area.
Developed and Reviewed Functional Test Plan and performed various kinds of testing such as Functional testing, system testing, smoke testing, black box testing, Backend and regression testing.
Involved in production support on an as needed basis.
Coordinated the testing activities: prioritizing, scheduling, assigning work.
Involved in migrating data from Oracle to Salesforce.com using Data loader.
Gathered business process requirements and utilize Salesforce functionality to automate and achieve those objectives.
Responsible to create custom profiles, Public Groups and Roles to distribute user rights and the functionality.
Perform sanity testing of new builds.
Responsible to test various Salesforce.com standard objects like Accounts, Contacts, Cases, Products, Opportunity, Leads.
Provide Salesforce best practices and customizations with regards to SDLC.

CERTIFICATIONS:

Infosys Certified Java Programmer
Infosys Certified Selenium Advanced Tester

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s in Technology (Information Technology) from Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University, 2012.
Contact this candidate