IGOR TOMASHEVSKYI
412-***-****
ad6w3x@r.postjobfree.com

Software QA Engineer

SUMMARY
* ***** ** ********** ** Software Testing working in an Agile/Scrum environment.
Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), QA methodologies, and best practices.
Design and execute Test Plans, Test Scenarios, and Test Cases based on the analysis of the requirements.
Experience in API testing using browser development tools and Postman.
Participate in Test Automation with Selenium WebDriver, Java, and Cucumber.
Write and execute SQL queries for back-end testing.
10+ years’ experience as a Digital Marketing specialist equips me with additional valuable skills that I can bring to the QA role.
Degree in Electrical Engineering with the spatialization as an Electromechanic (Electrician) of CNC machines and robotic systems
Eligible to work in the United States

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Platforms : Windows, Mac OS, Unix/Linux/Bash, iOS, Android
Cloud : AWS, Google
Web Technology : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, JSON
RDBMS : SQL, Oracle, MySQL, Postgres
Web Services : RESTful API, Soap, Postman, Swagger
Test Automation : Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Java, IntelliJ IDEA, Maven, VS Code, GitHub, Jenkins
Mobile Testing : XCode, Android Studio, ADB, Dev Tools, AWS, Samsung Device Farm
Test/Project Management : Jira, Xray, Confluence, Slack

EXPERIENCE
SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER, QA Tronix Inc, Milpitas, CA 05/2021 - Present
Web-Based Testing
Involved in defining Test Strategy, creating Test Plans, Test Cases, and preparing test data for assigned application modules following functional requirements and tech specifications.
Performed different types of testing: sanity, regression, acceptance, accessibility, cross-browser (Edge, IE, Firefox, Safari, Chrome), cross-platform (Windows, Linux, Mac OS), non-functional, etc.
Developed complex SQL queries to verify application expected behavior and retrieve test data.
Created API tests using Postman and Swagger and executed them via Newman and Jenkins.
Worked closely with test automation engineers to contribute to creating Cucumber scenarios.
Inspected web pages to identify relative XPath locators for HTML elements and updated corresponding step definition files accordingly.
Worked with Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, and Java-based framework using IntelliJ IDEA and Git/GitHub as a version control tool.
Actively participated in different agile activities (daily meetings, sprint plannings, bug triage, sprint retro).

Mobile Testing
Performed network and battery life interruption testing, as well as accessibility, usability, installation, and compatibility testing.
Developed and executed test cases on a variety of physical and virtual devices.
Validated applications’ GUI compliance with specified guidelines.
Used Charles Proxy to identify failures in communication between the client and the server.
Generated and extracted diagnostic reports of mobile services using ADB commands (screenshots, screen recordings and collect logs).
Executed end-to-end testing with location simulation for Android using Android Studio Emulators.
Identified, analyzed, and communicated defects, documented issues, and filed bug reports.
Followed Agile Scrum methodology, and took part in Stand-Up, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, and Sprint Retrospective meetings.

Digital Marketing/SEO Specialist, American Technologies Network, Corp., Doral, FL 02/2019 – 03/2021
Developed Digital Marketing Strategy development, ROI optimization, and Content Marketing strategy.
Creating and implementing the best SEO strategy to increase the organic traffic for the web site and mobile apps.
Planning and creating web site design and logic according to the best SEO practice at the initial stage of website planning.
Providing usability reports and recommendations according to the web site heat maps and A/B tests results.

SEO Specialist, YM Service, Odessa, Ukraine 02/2012 – 01/2019
Monitored SEO performance by utilizing SEO tools such as SEMRush, Search Console, Google Analytics, etc.
Created and managed ad campaigns in Google Adwords, Microsoft Advertising, LinkedIn, Facebook, Criteo, etc.
Conducted detailed SEO site audits and generated monthly and weekly reports.

EDUCATION
Master’s Degree in Management of Innovation
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics of Enterprises
Associate Degree in Electrical Engineering: Computer Numerical Control and Robotics

ADDITIONAL TRAINING AND CERTIFICATES:
Hillel IT School, «Front End Developer”
Google Analytics Academy “Advanced Google analytics»
Google Analytics Academy “Ecommerce Analytics: From Data to Decisions”
Internet marketing school EMPO “Landing pages and SEO-optimization”
Jon Loomer Digital and Facebook Marketers “Facebook Pixel: Conversions, Traffic and Strategies”

REFERENCES
Available upon request
Contact this candidate