Megha ad73g5@r.postjobfree.com
Patel Phone: 848-***-****

SUMMARY
Tech-savvy, Knowing advanced QA Techniques and Analysis & IT Project coordinator well-versed in all aspects of QA process from inception to completion, looking to obtain an QA Engineer position in the IT department.
SKILLS
15+ years of Finance IT industry experience consisting of 5 years as a QA/Team Lead.
Technical, Hands-on, Self-motivated
Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, Hybrid SDLC
Writing SQL queries and generate the reports
Execute Selenium script and Analyzing result
Jira, Confluence, and Test rail tools expert
MS Excel, Power point and word

Excellent communication, interpersonal, Quick Learner, and Team player skills
Time management, multitasking and organizing skills
Dynamic leadership skills, with experience training/mentoring team members
Troubleshooting & Problem Resolution
Team Management: mentor, and led teams

KEY STRENGTHS
Creative problem solver and provide alternative solutions with data &amp, visual analysis.
Interpersonal Skills: Very collaborative &amp, highly effective in building strong relationships with internal and external. Quick Learner, and Team player
Dynamic leadership skills, with experience training/mentoring team members
stakeholders &amp, sharp customer focus.
Equipped in writing SQL queries to mine data and generate reports.
Team Management: Managed, mentored, and led teams with a collaborative team culture to bridge knowledge gaps and build strong relationships across technology &amp, business.

EXPERIENCE

Senior QA Engineer and team lead – 03/22 to 08/24 Beta NXT Remote position

Created a knowledge on Cost basis and Tax applications. Followed IRS regulation and tested Tax return forms for clients through UI and batch server.
Excellent knowledge on 1099(W9), 1042S (W8), Retirements and PR forms
Mentored QA team members for writing Use cases from User Stories, Reviewed Test strategy, sprint planning sessions, retrospectives, creating test data using SQL, fetching tax return forms from batch server using batch scripts, and Product Demo, before signoffs for several Road map projects.
Experience in Black Box testing with a complete Quality Assurance cycle-from testing, defect logging, and verification of fixed bugs.
Worked in Oracle database using SQL queries and in Linux using batch scripts to generate different types of Tax forms
Good experience on Test Rail tool. Imported Test cases in test rail from different tool (Zephyr, QC). Built Test case Repository for Functional, Smoke, Regression, and Integration testing.
Create and maintain Test summary report for each release.
Trained and mentored other team members and coordinated cross-teams for new QA processes, tools, and strategies.
Creating automated testing points/requirements for the Automation team and planned with them. Executed scripts in eclipse using selenium tool and analyzing the report and update test data per requirements/Results
Produce Test plans, Test Coverage, and Test strategy to improve testing capability and reduce the gaps.
Involved in Scope lock meeting to review QA team capacity and forecasting the work
Recruitment, interview, task assignments, and resources assignments for onshore and offshore teams
Created Jira confluence page for new defined QA process and all features. Also created onboarding materials for new Joinee

Sr.QA engineer 12/2018 – 05/2021 LSEG, Remote Position.

Managed Thomson one(desktop) and Thomson one anywhere(mobile) projects and Utilized Agile methodology in release cycle.
Demonstrated proficiency by answering technical product and project questions within cross-functional teams.
Demo on Framework to different components teams to get familiar with framework functionalities.
Managed Projects related all applications like Software deployment and Workspace deployment.
Testing/Publishing/troubleshooting different types of workspace per client requirements and Also working on Software deployment tool to recreate prod issue and testing different build at the same time.
Tracked and reported status, and milestones using project management software like MS project Suite, and Jira for defect management.
Reviewed all requirements and helping team to their assigned features while working on my own assigned features
Managed all test structure in Quality center and Test Rail by creating Milestones/Test suite/test run for each release cycle.
Facilitated Scrums and Team Meetings to stay updated with clients, stakeholders, and project team.
Escalated on time when risks are identified and provided mitigation efforts.
Heavily involved on Usage reports like accessibility of component and which user using which software/workspace
Worked on different mobile devices like Iphone, Andriod, Ipad to test Thomson Anywhere Mobile applications
Communicated and attended Wells Fargo/ Ameriprice client meeting for trouble shooting Prod issue
Participated in SOAP UI testing for Refinitiv Workspace and tested wealth 360 API services like Persons, portfolio, Transactions, Accounts,Balances and Valuation
Managed regression testing on Portfolio warehouse and User data warehouse testing.
Provided training to Offshore QA team members and new joinee. Coordinated and managing off shore team by assigning tasks and capturing reports from the team.
Implement policies, change management systems, communication plans, procedures, and training to create an intuitive and effective culture of project management within the organization.
Conducted Project reports, defect reports, Test plan and Release reports.
Review project deliverables, and acceptance criteria before final signoffs and discussed with Manager.
Sr.QA engineer 12/2008 – 11/2018 Thomson Reuters/Refinitiv, Hybrid position
Started and Led Thomson One Web access project with client server application and learned all desktop-based components.
Worked on Real time desktop market data components, News, and Alerts applications. Testing Real time desktop components and Alerts.
Leading installation/Upgrade process on all different types of window systems for each build release to QA
Involved in all phases of the SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) from analysis, design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance with timely delivery against aggressive deadlines
Planned/Managed /task assignments for on shore and offshore team members and created reports for upper managements.
Attended daily planning meeting and projects meeting and reviewed new upcoming enhancements.
Mentored QA team for writing test cases from User Stories/Requirements and reviewed their test cases before approval.
Worked with manager to improve any QA process within the team
Strong understanding of Software Quality Assurance methodologies including develop, execute, and repeatable tests, test result documents and bug reports.
Writing and managing test cases repository in Quality Center
Executing automation script using QTP and reviewing the result

EDUCATION AND TRAINING

Bachelor’s Degree – Bachelor in Computer Science Rajiv Gandhi University, India
Contact this candidate