Shpend Pllana
347-***-**** ad755h@r.postjobfree.com US Citizen
LinkedIn
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Results-oriented QA Automation Engineer with over 5 years of specialized experience in both manual and automated software testing. Demonstrated ability in crafting and implementing detailed test plans, driving quality assurance initiatives, and optimizing testing processes in Agile Scrum environments. Proficient in Java, with deep expertise in Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and the Page Object Model(POM). Extensive experience in API testing and database validation. TECHNICAL SKILLS
QA Automation: Java, Selenium, REST, JDBC, GIT/GITHUB, JIRA
Test Automation: Cucumber, TestNG, Page Object Model (POM)
Database Management: SQL,Oracle
CI/CD: Jenkins
WORK EXPERIENCE
Mount Sinai Hospital, NY Test Automation Engineer September 2023 – Present.
Designed and built a hybrid automation framework combining Page Object Model (POM) and BDD principles, utilizing Selenium, and Cucumber, improving test coverage by 30%.
Implemented and executed BDD scenarios with Cucumber, creating and managing features scenarios, and step definitions to ensure comprehensive test coverage, reducing manual testing efforts by 40%.
Analyzed business and design requirements to develop and validate detailed test cases.
Conducted SQL testing using JDBC library to verify proper insertion, deletion and updates through SQL queries.
Generated test cases based on User Stories, Functional Specifications, and Acceptance Criteria, ensuring thorough testing coverage.
Maintained a Traceability Matrix to ensure complete test coverage by mapping User Stories to Test Cases.
Used Jenkins for continuous integration and Maven for managing project build, resulting in a 20% reduction in build and deployment tines.
Engaged in code reviews to uphold quality standards and best practices, improving code quality and maintainability.
Participated in daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings as of the Agile Process.
Tracked and reported software defects using issue tracking tools like JIRA. Citibank, NY Test Automation Engineer November 2020 – August 2023
Developed and maintained automated test scripts in Java using Selenium WebDriver,and TestNG frameworks. Identified, documented, and tracked software defects.
Collaborated with development teams to resolve issues and ensure adherence to quality standards and best practices.
Executed automated tests as part of the CI/CD pipeline to ensure rapid feedback on the code changes.
Designed and built a robust automation framework integrating Page Object Model (POM) with Data- Driven Testing principles.
Conducted Web Services testing using REST API, Postman and Rest Assured.
Analyzed business requirements and technical specifications to develop detailed test plans and test cases.
Maintained a Traceability Matrix to ensure complete test coverage by mapping User Stories to Test Cases.
Executed security tests to validate compliance with financial regulations and data protection standards.
Ensured that banking applications adhered to industry security protocols and practices.
Effectively communicated test results, defects, and recommendations to stakeholders. Global Hr Solutions, FL Manual Tester June 2019 – October 2020 .
Executed tests on HR modules such as payroll, employee onboarding, performance management, and benefits administration.
Analyzed business requirements and software specifications to create comprehensive test plans and manual test cases tailored to HR management software.
Developed and executed manual tests to validate those applications met business requirements, identifying issues and anomalies during testing phases.
Tested REST APIs using Postman to ensure proper data exchange and system integration.
Conducted SQL database testing using queries in MySQL to verify accurate data population in application tables.
Tracked and managed defects using JIRA, analyzing and comparing issues to streamline resolution processes.
Participated in project review meetings, daily/weekly status meetings with project managers and leads to align testing activities with project goals. EDUCATION
International Business College Mitrovica, Mitrovica, Kosovo Studied in Environment & Agriculture Management (Completed 2 Years)
Syntax Coding Boot Camp (SDET)
Contact this candidate