Sateesh Sudani
Sr. Software QA Lead
Email: ad7511@r.postjobfree.com Phone no: 774-***-****

SUMMARY:

Sr. QA Lead with 21+ Years of experience in Software Testing and Quality Assurance through manual and automated testing procedures
Expertise in the implementation of whole life cycle of testing methodologies starting from Test Plan creation, Unit, Integration & Regression Testing, User-Acceptance testing (UAT), Performance Testing, Defect tracking, reporting, and interaction with client for better performance of the software.
Expertise in Software Development Life Cycle, Testing Methodologies from project definition to post-deployment documentation, writing Test plans, Test Strategy, defining test scenarios, Test Estimation, Test Environment setting and Test Designing, documenting all phases of QA processes.
Strong knowledge in Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Test Strategy, Testing Techniques and Defect Life Cycle
Experience in Reporting and Tracking Defects by using Bug Tracking tools such as HP ALM, TFS and JIRA.
Strong Agile Scrum Experience: sprint planning, grooming, daily stand-up meetings, sprint demos, Retrofit, burn down charts, story estimation and capacity planning.
Participated in Walkthroughs, status, Bug Triage and GO/NO-GO meetings with the technical team and project owners.
Worked in industries such as e-Commerce, Supply Chain Management, Automotive, Banking and Financial services, Capital Markets, Health Care, Data Security, Mobile Technology and Software Applications for PBM.
Strong experience in testing Mobile Applications (iOS and Android) and Mobile Web.
Experience in REST API testing using SOAP UI, POSTMAN with JASON formats.
Experience in API Validation, Log Validation and Troubleshooting issues.
Worked on Validating API Gateway, Step Functions using serverless framework, Cloudwatch, AWS Lambda, RDS and S3 bucket.
Responsible for test result analysis, script updates, identify & report the defects in JIRA and follow up the bug life cycle.
Developed build files for maintaining test automation builds. Setup CICD pipelines for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.
Strong API test experience using Postman. Wrote SQL queries for API and web services Testing.
Solid understanding of build tools and software configuration management standards.
Experience in API Performance Testing using JMeter. Good exposure on Git, GitHub, CI/CD and Jenkins.
Extensive professional experience in Oracle Apps Financials, SCM, HR (Oracle 11i and R12) and Salesforce testing.
Expertise in implementing Testing strategies for the Oracle EBS project implementation cycle.
Expertise in Testing the Order to Cash(O2C) and Procure to Pay(P2P) life cycle and with all the Standard items in Oracle Financials, Oracle Advanced Benefits (OAB), SCM and OM Modules
Expertise in testing the Oracle Application full implementation projects, R12 upgrade and migration projects.
Prepared test cases to test the back-end Database by retrieving the data for the tables using SQL Queries.
Managed the day-to-day testing activities of the team, reviewed test preparation and test execution for adherence to guidelines and quality. Expertise in test planning, capacity planning and test estimation.
High level understanding of design/development methodologies, project management concepts and testing estimates
Participated in Status Call during each release to update about the day-to-day activities and issues to System Test Manager and QA Director.
Highly motivated worthy team player with ability to lead, manage and work in all environments to meet target lines. Demonstrated ability to work independently and within a team.
Demonstrated ability to grasp complex requirements & design under pressure in an environment focused on delivering multiple software releases to market quickly without documentation or specifications. Communicated with designers, developers, and business users to understand the requirements & design in each software release to facilitate testing.
Worked in an environment with a mix of onsite-offshore Global Delivery model.
Strong Knowledge in Agile Methodology testing.
Exposure to software development methodologies such as Iterative, Waterfall, Scrum, and Agile Methodology.
Excellent problem-solving skills with a strong technical background and good interpersonal skills.
Quick learner and excellent team player, ability to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure.
Ability to handle simultaneous projects, meet critical deadlines and assume accountability for project tasks.
Demonstrated ability to multitask, team focus, strong interpersonal skills, strong verbal and written communication skills and adherence to firm and US IT standard operating procedures.
Extensive Experience in Providing Training and working with offshore and On-Site Teams.

Education & Certification-
ISTQB certified Software Professional.
B. Tech in Electronics & Comm. Engineering from JNTUH passed out in 2003.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

API Testing
Postman, SoapUI, Swagger
Testing Tools
HP ALM, QTP, Jira, TestRail, Selenium, MTM, JMeter, Zephyr
Agile Tools
Version One, Jira, Confluence
Database
SQL server, Oracle 10g
Banking Domain
Argo Teller, Credit & Debit card payments, Visa Cybersource Tokenization, e-Wallet, Check, ACH, Wire, Zelle payments
Oracle ERP
Oracle 11i and R12 (AP, AR, GL, CM, FA, OM, PO, HR, SSHR, Oracle Advanced Benefits), POS, RPOS
Mobile Testing Environment
iOS App, iOS Web, Android App and Android web, Splunk, TestFlight
Cloud Technologies
AWS (Step Functions, Lambda, S3, Cloudwatch), Oracle Cloud, Salesforce CRM

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Toyota Motors North America (TMNA & TCNA) Apr 2023 to Till date
Role: Sr. QA Lead. Project Name: 24MM- Safety Connect and Destination Assist
24-MM E2E Testing
24MM Safety Connect (ACN, SOS, RSN, VLS) and DA provide extensive Safety and Navigation Capabilities to Toyota and Lexus customers across various regions.
Responsibilities:
Worked on test specifications development, test environment setup, and test execution.
E2ETest case design with Eval team and sign-off.
Lead QA for Connected Vehicles Technologies and Automotive Infotainment Systems.
Strong understanding of Safety Features, Remote services, Navigation, Multimedia, Head Unit apps, DCM apps
Co-ordinated with Testing teams located in regions like NA, AUS, IN and EU.
Involved in SIT Functional Testing, JIT, E2E and UAT Testing.
Extensively worked on defect reporting, test reporting, and status communication.
Worked with other departments in the company in a collaborative way to ensure product readiness.
Communicated quality standards to QA team, product development team, and other appropriate staff.
Strong understanding of Functional specifications and Protocol specifications.
Followed AGILE Methodology and participated in SCRUM Meetings.
Environment: Jira, Confluence, Head Unit apps, Navigation, Multimedia, DCM apps, HMI, Mobile app Testing, Amazon Web Services (Step Functions, Lambda, S3, Cloudwatch), API Testing using Postman

Client: 7-Eleven Jun 2022 to Apr 2023
Role: Sr. QA Lead. Project Name: OMS (Order Management System)
The Regional Distribution Center (RDC) is a Key 7-Eleven Supply Chain transformation to design, build and operate on a self-distribution model. It enables 7-Eleven to directly own the Supplier-relationship, buy and hold inventory to be delivered by a 3PL operator to all 7-Eleven stores.
This project is implementation of OMS (Order Management System) along with Advanced Pricing Module and OM Tax Engine Integration testing to cover “Order to Cash” flows within Oracle EBS.
Responsibilities:
Managed Test data and test preparation, execution and defect management for SIT and UAT.
OMS 3.1 Test scenario preparation and co-ordination with IT functional leads SIT
Test Script design co-ordination with Client team and sign-off.
Test execution day to day co-ordination with Client team for UAT and SIT
Co-ordinate Client IT/Business test issues/queries.
Run daily defect triage meetings for SIT and UAT
UAT Scenarios and test scripting co-ordination
UAT test execution and defect management
Worked with other departments in the company in a collaborative way to ensure product readiness.
Environment: Oracle ERP OM, INV, AP, AR and GL, Oracle SQL Developer, Jira

Client: SiriusXM, Irving Tx Aug 2019 to May 2022
Role: Sr. QA Lead. Project Name: Nissan OEM Backoffice and Safety Services
In-Vehicle commerce (Stellantis)
SiriusXM is a leading provider of telematics and connected vehicles services, providing safety, security and convenience services to a host of major automotive manufacturers.
In-vehicle Commerce Platform providing e-commerce related content and Constellation enables consumers to Purchase goods and Services from food, fuel, parking, tolling merchants using and e-wallet accessible from the vehicle and make payments from the vehicle head unit through the e-Wallet without leaving their vehicle.
Responsibilities:
Worked on validation for Infotainment systems for OEMs like Nissan and Stellantis.
Performed API testing using Postman, Swagger.
Developed and managed processes to ensure that products meet required specifications for quality, function, and reliability prior to delivery.
Hands on experience in core AWS services (S3, Lambda Functions, Step Functions) to check the cloud watch logs
Communicated quality standards to QA team, product development team, and other appropriate staff.
Coordinated product testing processes.
Followed AGILE Methodology and participated in SCRUM Meetings.
Performed UAT testing in Pre-prod environment and involved in Live In-Vehicle testing
Environment: Mobile App Testing, Web services Testing, Rest APIs, AWS (Step Functions, Lambda, S3, Cloudwatch), Jira, ALM, TestRail, Confluence, Postman, Swagger

Client: CVS Health Inc, USA Richardson, Tx Nov 2018 to Jul 2019
Role: Sr. Project Lead Project : SWAT Transition Fill (TF) updates- Medicaid, Medicare and Commercial
This project implemented for modifications to Medicaid Adjudication logic to ensure correct messaging is being returned for Cumulative and Edit Bypass max edit. Introduce new TF functionality for Medicaid, Medicare and Commercial- Coventry Plans to enable override of Max Qty per Fill UM edit for Cumulative edits and/or EBM edits, when Member’s is TF Eligible.
Responsibilities:
Proficient in Functional testing for AS400 RxClaim Adjudication System.
Strong testing Quality Assurance experience within Agile environment
Followed AGILE Methodology and participated in SCRUM Meetings.
Comprehensive knowledge of agile software development cycle, white box testing, and web-based application testing
Performed the tasks of agile tester in conducting test plans and test cases
Excellent knowledge of Agile & Scrum development environment, multiple web browsers, and automated testing suites
Environment: AS-400, PBM, ALM

Client: United States Gypsum (USG), Dallas, TX Jan 2018 – Nov 2018
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project Name: Order to Cash (OTC) – Phase III
USG will be sending shipment and freight specific data on a 210 EDI transaction to an outside freight payment processing company, CASS. Cass will pay USG freight providers based on contracted payment terms, and then send an invoice to USG dependent USG’s payment terms with the freight carrier.
Responsibilities:
Lead QA for all testing activities for Order to Cash tracks.
Participated in meetings planned for multiple releases and coordinated the QA tasks.
Involved in Environment readiness, Oracle functional setups and Test data preparation
Maintain and monitor the error log for all issues identified using Quality Center
Design and develop end to end test scenarios and Test cases
Performed production deployment and the Business verification testing.
Participated in QA team and Bug tracking or Defect Review meetings.
Environment: HP ALM, WinSCP, Oracle EBS R12 (AP, AR, OM, PO, I Supplier, GL, INV and Shipping)

Client: Caliber Home loans, Irving, TX Oct 2017 – Jan 2018
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project Name: H2O (Caliber Online system for Wholesale, Retail and FHA Home Loans)
H2Online (H2O) is a proprietary loan origination system that helps in delivering efficient turn times so that it can provide clients with best-in-class service. Re-write of H2Online with newer technology (Dot Net Framework and Angular 2) is undertaken to improve performance and for better UX).
Responsibilities:
Participated in Scrum meetings planned for release and coordinated the QA tasks.
As a QA Lead, participated in walkthroughs for the evaluation of the test plan with the design and development
Define and implement testing and verification strategies.
Involved in Environment readiness, functional setups, and Test data preparation
Maintain and monitor the error log for all issues identified using TFS.
Assisted business users in defining UAT test cases and plans, Maintained test cases and test data
Participated in QA team and Bug tracking or Defect Review meetings.
Worked in Agile mode with daily scrum meetings and Sprint planning
Experienced in test automation of REST API Services using Rest-Assured library. XML, JSON
API tested using Swagger and Postman for manual testing and SoapUI for API test automation
Environment: Microsoft TFS, Test Manager, SoapUI, Postman, XML, Swagger

Client: US Bank, Portland, OR Feb 2017 – Oct 2017
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project Name: Visa Geo Location USB
Customer Connect
When US Bank Visa cardholders make purchases outside of their typical geographic buying patterns, when they are traveling, issuers sometimes decline transactions. Mobile Location Confirmation helps take friction out of payments by providing issuers with real-time geolocation intelligence in authorization message. When the data identifies that the cardholder and merchant are in the same location, it gives the issuer greater confidence to approve the transaction.
Responsibilities:
Lead Tester for all testing activities for Geolocation and Customer connect project.
Develop test plans and assign testing activities to system testers (8) in US and India.
Integration test new features developed by the Software Engineers
Work with Agile software tools like VersionOne to track Sprint planning and Progress.
Define and implement testing and verification strategies.
Tracking and reviewing progress against quality milestones across organization with senior management
Salesforce CRM (SFDC: CRM E2ETesting, Creation of Users, Profiles, Roles, Creation of Apps, Creation of custom Objects Permission Sets, Page layouts.
Responsible for REST API testing using SOAP UI & Postman.
Worked on TestFlight and Hockey for Test Mobile App version download and App Testing.
Environment: HP ALM, Unix, VersionOne, Hockey, TestFlight, Appium, Salesforce CRM

Client: CVS Health Inc, USA Richardson, Tx Apr 2016 to Jan 2017
Role: Sr. QA Lead. Project Name: Centene Smart Edits- RxClaim Adjudication
With the implementation of this project, Functionality allow set up of multiple ST (Step Therapy) schedules within the Smart Edit schedule directly to be read in adjudication. Allow set up of negative ST within the smart edit to be read during adjudication
Responsibilities:
Managing Offshore QA Team and guiding them in each phase of the project.
Review task given to offshore team and driving the project maintaining quality of deliverables.
Proficient in Functional testing for AS400 RxClaim Adjudication System.
Strong knowledge on Health insurance and PBM domain which includes member eligibility, accumulations, Pharmacy networks, pricing, formulary, PA, Transition Fill (TF) and client benefit setups for Med D and Medicaid
Strong experience in Business testing and Benefit Plan set up in Production.
Strong knowledge in Benefit set up process using Query, Tools, and Macros.
Strong Knowledge on CLAIM Adjudication and different pharmacy like specialty Pharmacy.
Worked mainly on MEDICARE, MEDICAID, and Commercial project.
Responsible for maintaining Daily Project Tracker sheet and deliver it to CVS QA Lead.
Deliver weekly status updates showing the progress of the entire testing cycle.
Work closely with Developers on de-bugging issues, Responsible for attending the Triage calls and getting clarifications and reporting issues
Preparation of Integrated Test Plan, Test Scenarios and Test Cases during the Test Design Phase and get the approval from BA/Client
Responsible for updating status and uploading test artifacts in the web-based application SFDC
Environment: AS-400, PBM, ALM

Client: Charles Schwab, Austin, TX Feb 2015 - Mar 2016
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project Name: Schwab Intelligent Portfolios and Retail Mobile QA
Mercury: Schwab Intelligent Portfolios will recommend a diversified portfolio of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) based on customer selected goals, time horizon and risk profile. It will then automatically invest, monitor, and rebalance customer portfolio. Schwab Intelligent Portfolios will not charge advisory fees, commissions, or account service fees. Period.
Retail: The native Retail App (iOS and Android platforms) connects the client to both Banking and Brokerage platforms. User can check Quotes, Account information, positions, balances and perform the trade and view the account summary and order status
Worked as Sr. Mobile QA Lead for iOS mobile app and web, Android mobile app and web, iPad - Tablet App and web for Schwab.
Involved in creation of manual test cases in MTM by reviewing user stories.
Defects are found and logged in TFS and involved in retesting the defects.
Worked with business analysts and developers in resolving the issues.
Attended stand-up meetings with the team to discuss issues and provide status
Parallel tested on different mobile versions
Performed Build acceptance testing before accepting builds.
Involved in Backout testing before every major release.
Performed Upgrade & Installation testing for iOS & Android mobile apps.
Verified the Apps-in-production after every release/point-release/update.
Worked with the Production Support Group to ensure resolution of Customer issues
Environment: iOS App, iOS Web, Android App and Android web
Client: The TJX Companies Inc., Marlborough, MA Jun 2014 - Feb 2015
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project Name: Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) & I-9 Enhancements
The Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) is a United States federal law that allows states to refuse to recognize same-sex marriages granted under the laws of other states. Currently Oracle EBS is not able to support the DOMA changes. For this reason, code and configuration changes will be required to support the changes required from the overturning of DOMA. TJX needs to incorporate changes to Oracle EBS in order to support the 2013 repeal of DOMA. The proposed solution is described below:
• Create new standard rates for the impacted Medical, Dental and Vision plans.
• 834 file formats for vendors e.g.: Blue cross Blue Shield Medical, Dental and Vision, Eyemed, Caremark, HPN, Kaiser CA, Kaiser GA, Kaiser Hawaii, and Coventry
The purpose of I-9 Enhancement project is development of a new form within Oracle EBS which will be used to capture the required fields for determining whether a newly hired or rehired Associate is eligible to work in the U.S.

Responsibilities:
Analysis of System Requirement and Business Requirement Documents.
Medical, Dental and Vision plan enrollments for Individuals and Family.
COBRA plan validation for TJX Associates with new functional changes.
Developed test strategy, test plan and Tractability matrix. Develop the QC Structure and map Releases, Requirement, Test plan, Test Lab, and Defects modules.
Daily interacted with subject matter experts and Oracle apps Functional/Techno-Functional team for clarifications.
Preparing the system and integration test cases – Positive, negative and Regression test cases along with test data
Environment: Oracle Apps HR Advanced Benefits R12
Client: The TJX Companies Inc., Marlborough, MA Feb 2013 - Feb 2015
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project name: eCommerce Merchandising and Finance Systems
Point Of Sale Testing - TJX
The eCommerce NetSuite ERP application is being implemented for the TJMaxx, Marshalls, and home Goods US divisions of TJX, and various modules from the NetSuite ERP are being used for eCommerce. The Purchasing module will be used by the eCommerce buyers to create and issue domestic Purchase Orders which will be fed to Merchandise Payables for matching and payment of invoices in the Oracle EBS system. The General Ledger Module of NetSuite will be used to capture all accounting activity for eCommerce related to purchases, inventory, sales, and sales related transactions.
FY14 POS project: - The purpose of FY14 project is to introduce new tender type. Various types of POS transactions are performed against the new tender type. Performed validating the new xml files generated for the new tender type.

Responsibilities:
Involved in Integration testing of Netsuite, Merchandise Payables and PFSWeb.
Preparing the system and integration test cases – Positive, negative and Regression test cases along with test data. Building and uploading the Test Cases into Test Plan of Quality Center Tool
Involved in Environment readiness, Oracle functional setups and Test data preparation.
Daily interacted with subject matter experts and Oracle apps Functional/Techno-Functional team for reviews and clarifications. Present metrics and status report to the TJX project team.
Environment: Oracle Apps R12, NetSuite, PFSWeb, Merchandise Payables

Client: 7-11 Inc., Dallas, TX Jun 2012 - Jan 2013
Role: Sr. QA Lead Project Name: 7-Eleven R12 Upgrade
7-Eleven is currently using Oracle EBS 11.5.10.2 as the main ERP system in its application portfolio. 7-Eleven planned to upgrade to the next version of Oracle EBS suite- R12.1.3. Project covers- Upgrade from Oracle EBS 11.5.10.2 to Oracle R12 and leverage standard functionality provided by new features of R12.Retrofit of all required custom and enhanced objects to ensure there is no deviation from existing functionality. Project focuses on following Oracle modules: Account Payables, Account Receivables, Cash Management, iProcurement, General Ledger and Fixed Assets
Responsibilities:
Validated the Impacted CEMLIs after upgrading the application from Oracle Financials 11i to Oracle R12.
Daily interacted with subject matter experts and Oracle apps Techno-Functional team for reviews and clarifications
Involved in Environment readiness, Oracle functional setups and Test data preparation.
Review of the existing test cases with the Business SMEs and capture any new test cases per CEMLIs.
Executed Functional and High-level test cases to make sure that existing functionality not impacted with R12 upgrade.
Environment: Oracle Apps R12 Financials and Supply Chain Management Modules.

Client: CISCO Inc., San Jose, CA Jun 2010 - May 2012
Role: Sr. QA Lead
Project Name: BEDROCK FIN-IT
Cisco P2R Bedrock FIN-IT Project is a Functional Automation Testing project which verifies the End-to-End Integration Functionality of iProcurement (PO), Account Payables (AP), i-Expences (iExp), Fixed Assets (FA) and General Ledger (GL) Modules. Approval process includes PO creation & approval, Invoice creation & approval and updating the General Ledger book across various Organization Units. Migration of Oracle apps functionality to Oracle R12 is validated by using the QTP Automated Test scripts.
Responsibilities:
Manual and Automation Testing of Bedrock FIN-IT is using QTP 9.5
Functional Testing of Oracle apps financial module
Preparation of Automation Framework, Test scripts and Enhancement of Test script
Test data creation in Oracle Apps setup by using SQL-Queries to verify the functionality
Environment: Oracle Apps 11.5 and R12, Oracle Financials and SCM Modules

Client: Wells Fargo, San Francisco, CA Sep 2007 – May 2010
Role: QA Lead
Project Name: WELLSFARGO ADAPTER
The Wells Fargo Adapter for Oracle e-Business Suite will integrate Wells Fargo Electronic Commerce Services (ECS) and Treasury Management Services with Oracle ERP. This adapter will interface with the customer’s Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system and will manage the creation, receipt, and processing of files necessary to integrate the respective ERP modules with the corresponding Wells Fargo Treasury Management services.
Responsibilities:
Involved in preparation of Test scripts and Test Results Analysis.
Involved in Integration testing of Java Adapter with Oracle 11i and R12.
Test data creation in Oracle Apps setup by using data load to verify the functionality with different parameters.
Test Results update in Quality Center Tool and Maintenance of results of the rounds of Testing done. Involved in preparation of Status reports and Task allocation.
Responsible for reporting the Testing status (Weekly Status reports) of the project to the senior management.
Environment: Oracle Apps 11.5 and R12, Oracle and Unix

Client: Countrywide Financial Corporation, Simi Valley, CA Nov 2005 – Aug 2007
Role: Sr. QA Analyst
Project Name: DataShield- COPS
COPS is an enterprise-wide initiative to recognize anomalous use of customer data – in plain words, somebody or something accessing customer data in an unusual manner. COPS examines unusual customer data access to recognize and prevent unethical, illegal activities.
Responsibilities:
Understanding the business requirements and developed test cases to test the complete functionality of the application.
Database Testing by writing SQL queries.
Involved in preparation of Test plan, Test cases and Test Execution
Performed system and integration Testing. Involved in Regression Testing of COPS for multiple releases.
Environment: Windows, SQL server, MQ series

Client: Reliance Petro marketing Pvt Ltd, RIL, Mumbai, India Jun 2003- Oct 2005
Role: QA Analyst
Project Name: Retail operations sales system (ROSS)
RIL partnered with Flying, a reputed retailer in the US for imbibing FlyingJ’s strengths into RIL Petroleum business by bringing their automation in India. The application system is called ROSS (Retail Operations Sales System). Automation of operations and delivering the value proposition is achieved by a combination of instrumentation devices, POS terminals, and back-office systems at individual Retail outlets, corporate systems at HO etc.
Responsibilities:
Involved in preparation of Test plan, Test cases and Test Execution.
Setting up the Test data for the test cases. Performed system and integration Testing
Executing test cases and analyzing results.
Environment: MP-RAS UNIX, SQL server, Windows NT, Test Director
Contact this candidate