Nazma Anzoom
Software QA Engineer UAT Tester POS /ATM Tester Accessibility Tester
T: +980******* E: ad781p@r.postjobfree.com L: Morrisville NC US citizen Bachelor’s degree
As a highly skilled professional Software Test Engineer (QA) utilized a blend of manual and automated testing techniques across various software and hardware platforms, accommodating multiple devices, browsers, networks, operating systems, and environments.

DAILY TASKS OVERVIEW
Take ownership of the assigned project by managing the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) process which involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze requirements, create test strategies and plans, and develop multiple test suites that align with business requirements
Assigned as a point of contact (POC) for the defect tracking and resolution process, responsible for running the test suite, that involves identifying, logging, tracking, and investigating defects, as well as fixing and closing them to ensure successful resolution. Final sign-off is also provided
Generate ongoing status reports and documentation, along with testing evidence
Install, configure, maintain, and troubleshoot software applications.
Execute web accessibility testing against guidelines such as WCAG 2.0 or 2.1
Working with DevOps environments using CI /CD pipeline integrated with GitHub and Jenkins.
Works independently and confidently to arrange meetings and organize demo presentations.
Plays a key role in coordinating with the offshore team and stakeholders, and supports the release team by recommending go/no-go decisions for go-live
Ensure that the product is deployed with the highest quality, on time, and with zero defects
SKILLS & TECHNICAL TOOLBOX

Domain knowledge
Banking System (CBS), Nonprofit organization, Insurance, Mortgage,
e-commerce, Ticketing System, Call center, Retail, and many more.
Device/Platforms
Digital Banking Web-Based, Desktop, Mobile (iOS, Android) Tablet, ATM /Kiosk, POS system, Client Server, and market-leading device.
Methodologies
Agile Scrum, Kanban, and Waterfall
Test Management tools
JIRA, TestRail, ALM, Relly, TFS, q Test, ALM Octane, ITSM
Automation tools
Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG, Postman, Soup UI, XML/JSON, Java, Gherkin,
Splunk, Chrome Inspect, Entitlements off/on, log XML
Mobile platform and Tools
(iOS & Android) iPad, tablet -Mobile App Native, Hybrid, and Web.
Perfecto, Charles Proxy among other relevant tools.
Communication
SharePoint, Smartsheet, Azure DevOps Server, GitHub Jenkins. Microsoft 365 suite, TEAMS, Webex, Skype, Smartsheet, Jabber, Outlook
Accessibility Tools
ANDI, Jaws, axe Dev Tools
Environment
Dev, QA pre-production, Stage-Production, Test U, Test X, Maintenance
Document & Test Cases
Test Strategy, test plan, test cases, test scripts, Release note, Test Scenario as per the organization’s standards.
E2E testing
Smoke testing, ad-hoc testing, regression testing, unit testing, integration testing, functional testing, accessibility testing, UAT security testing, secret mood testing, compatibility testing, and various testing methodologies
Report
STR, QA Metrics, Defect report, Daily status report, Test Summary as needed
Meeting
Stand up meeting, sprint planning, Sprint review, scrum meeting, grooming, retrospective, UAT, releases meetings, various types as needed.
Support/ Collaboration:
Offshore team, releases team, Dormant and go live, Dress rehearsal, Operation team, Test Data team, technical support team etc.
Data validation
SQL server Management Studio, Postgres SQL, AQT, MURTS BC
Others
Ticketing -Service Now, Call center-Genesys, SMEs, CRM, ITSM systems, application-m Banking, client Central, Fiserv DNA, Alkami,

PROFESSIONAL JOURNEY
Local Government Federal Credit Union Raleigh NC June 2023 – Jan 2024
Quality Assurance Analyst/ Testing Coordinator
Overseeing the end-to-end testing process for the Core Banking System, utilizing agile methodology within a fast-paced, short-timeline dynamic environment.

TECHNOLOGIES AND APPLICATION WORKED WITH:
TestRail, JIRA, ALM, ANDI, Smart sheet, SharePoint, Fiserv DNA, Alkami, call center-Genesys. Ticketing -Service Now/ MIS ticketing, MS Office suite, and other related tools and technologies.
Product: Share Term Certificate (STC), Business Choice Certificates, Money Market (MM), Mortgage, Auto loan, Holiday Cash Club, Credit Card, covered all banking products
TESTING BROADLY COVER: Open new account, Funding, Transfer, ATM, Zelle, Payments, Bill pay, Alert, Document Center, (LG) general ledger, Dividend rates calculation, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) Account closing, Overdraft covered and all banking workflows as well as security aspect across multiple devices such as Web, Mobile (iOS and Android).
College Board org Remote December 2022 – May 2023
UAT/Data Test Analyst
Support the deployment of digital testing platform enhancements and configuration changes by participating in User Acceptance Testing, Operational Testing readiness, and Secret Mode Testing

TECHNOLOGIES WORKED WITH: Smartsheet, Share Point, Smart print, Smart Scan, ANDI /Screen Reader, axe Dev Tools, JIRA, ALM, and similar tools as necessary.
Product: Deal with large volumes of student data
Responsible for implementing school readiness activities in all states, districts, and the College Board's digital assessment products, including monitoring, and reporting implementation.
Drive the testing efforts and participate in areas of User Acceptance Testing readiness, Secret Mode Testing execution, and student accommodations research.
Ensure all the functions for educators and participating in the Digital SAT Suite of Assessments.

Truist Bank Charlotte, NC March 2022-Nov 2022
UAT Test Analyst
Responsible for performing UAT testing on banking service (CBS) through the Client Central app which directly handles different assigned roles such as teller, banker, manager, and other associate roles.
Perform End-to-End UAT Coordination in a fast-paced, short timeline-visible work environment.
TECHNOLOGIES WORKED WITH:
HP ALM, TFS, Postman, Document Direct, SQL, XML format, Chrome Inspect, Splunk, axe DevTools, Screen Reader, Service Now and corresponding testing tools.
Products: Savings, Checking accounts, Money market, Beneficial owners, (LG) general ledger, Auto insurance, and relevant.
TESTING BROADLY COVER Banking operations such as
Open new account, Deposits, Withdrawals, Transfer, Zelle, ATM, Bill Pay, ACH, EFT, SWIFT eBill, e-Wallet, home loan/Auto loan, Smart Scan, Smart print check deposits with image, Alerts, eNotifications across multiple devices such as Web, Mobile (iOS and Android), POS, ATM Machine and Desktop.
RESPONSIBILITIES-
Participate in Waterfall and agile as Hybrid methodology.
Testing environment fully integrated with DEV, SIT, STAGE & PROD (Test U, Test X)
Execute web accessibility testing against guidelines such as WCAG 2.0 or 2.1
Create, execute, and maintain UAT test plans, test cases and perform regression testing and scripts (manual and automated)
Working with Automation test cases and integrating them with Selenium, and Maven build tools.
Validate class code in XML format located at the root level configuration directory.
Prepare final testing documentation, prepare Bundle Release document, and test execution results.
Participate in different types of testing such as user acceptance testing (UAT), Alpha, and Beta Testing, Smoke testing, Integration, regression, system testing, interface various types of testing as needed.
Participate in Go-Live, and Dress rehearsal activities to deploy the application's highest customer satisfaction to the live environment on time with Zero-defect.
FIS Global POS Remote March 2021 – February 2022
Software Test Engineer- POS
Execute all levels of testing to verify the entire retail POS payment processing, Payment Gateway, and terminal transaction Life Cycle.
TECHNOLOGIES WORKED WITH-
Rally, SoapUI, Selenium WebDriver Cucumber, JAWS, Gherkin, JSON, GitHub, Jenkins, Chrome, mRemoteNG, MURTS BC, Splunk, SQL, Visual Studio, and corresponding tools
Product: Deep dive into -NETePay, MTB,, MEWS, PWS-credit debit, Gift, e PAY, EBT, EMV and so on
TESTING BROADLY COVER
POS devices /hardware, Tablets and (mPOS) (Cordless and corded), Credit Card Terminal, Card readers.
Networking Equipment, modem, router, run on wireless. Customer-facing displays (touch screens)
Receipt Printer, Barcode Scanner, Cash Drawer, Scale
POS system software Pin pads, EMV-PIN Debit and EBT, Signature based Payments, Credit and Signature Debit, gift card.
RESPONSIBILITIES-
Work in a fast-paced environment utilizing the Agile methodology.
validating the encryption and decryption of entered card details.
Create, write, maintain, and execute tests, including performing regression testing, using Selenium with Java and TestNG to develop automated test scripts.
Confirm payment requests and responses through API correspondence In-house tools MURTS BC and break down Accordingly like batching, authorization, approved, returns and refunds/ merchant accounts clearing, and settlement across various aspects.
Dig into the issue and verify the defects, resolve pass, and close successfully.
Working with CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins that deploys and manages the environments.
FIS Global ATM Charlotte,
Software Test Engineer- ATM
Responsible for End-to-End testing applications across ATM/ITM, Kiosk, Mobile (Android/iOS), Check pays, and web platformed On-site in a lab environment.
Performed End-to-End testing of different assigned roles such as teller, banker, manager, tech role, superuser, meet each respective functionally as a business requirement.
TECHNOLOGIES WORKED WITH-
JIRA, ALM, SoapUI, API testing using Postman, Selenium WebDriver Cucumber, ANDI /Screen Reader, Perfecto JSON, GitHub, Jenkins, Chrome SQL Server Management Studio, and corresponding tools.
ATM Testing broadly covers: Customer's screen -Card Reader, Cash Dispenser, (LG) general ledger, Touch Screen, buttons, Printer, cash /check deposits, withdrawal moreover. Backpanel/Maintenance -Pull cash /check, cash/card retraction, add /remove currency, utilities, device Firmware and Service Provider (Vendor Package), Marketing screen - Wraps and Screen Advertisements
Application-mBanker, Customer’s verification, level of authentication along with banking activities
RESPONSIBILITIES-
Setting up multiple test environments such as Dev, QA, Stage, and production.
Execute all levels of testing -native/hybrid /Web app on a mobile device (iOS & Android) connected to the computer or emulator to verify functionality and usability, Security Testing includes authentication, and authorization data security according to this aspect.
Using Automation Selenium-Cucumber with Behavior-Driven Development Framework.
Create Documentation and maintain test scripts performing regression testing, as part of the Azure DevOps pipeline.
Dealing with bug tracking tools JIRA for identifying, capturing Console Logs for debugging defining the root cause of the defect, and communicating with development teams - to ensure that the defect has been resolved/closed.
Fifth Third Bank, Cincinnati, OH October 2018 - May 2020
Senior Consultant QA Assurance Analyst
Responsible for end-to-end testing through web, mobile, and ATM devices using manual and automated test techniques. Cover all Banking workflows as well as security aspects and provide final sign-off.
TECHNOLOGIES WORKED WITH-HP ALM, Selenium,Perfecto, Postman, SQL ANDI and Service Now.
Testing broadly covers all banking operations including-Deposits, withdrawals, Transfers, DNA, ACH, EFT, SWIFT, Overdraft, Bill payment, Alerts, notifications Product Checking/Saving Accounts, Credit cards, home loans, (LG) general ledger Auto loans, and small businesses.
Zelle, ATM /Cordless ATM, Mobile Check Deposit, ACH bank transfer, NCR APTRA Passport
Execute application across multiple devices including Web, Mobile (iOS & Android) ATM, POS
RESPONSIBILITIES-
Work in a fast-paced environment with Agile and other approaches like Kanban.
Design, develop, and modify test plans, test cases, test scripts, execute tests, and perform regression testing based on the product backlog and user stories defined by team members and product owners.
Perform automation testing for web-based applications using Selenium, Maven, Java, and TestNG.
Working with accessibility tools, including screen readers, contrast checkers, and analysis tools
During the testing process, work closely with developers to identify defects, investigate the root cause, ensure that the defects are resolved, and no further defects are introduced. Provide final sign-off
Participate in release team dormant and go-live activities to deploy the software successfully as per the release schedule.
Prepare report -STR, Monthly QA Metrics, Defect report, Test Summary, etc.
H and R Block (Tax season) January 2007- April 2017
Professional Tax Preparer
As a professional Tax Preparer assists clients to file their income tax returns.
Setting up meetings with clients and advising clients about the tax preparation process.
During the tax preparation Analyzing tax data review financial records, complete all tax forms and ensure that completed forms follow legislation and regulations.
Prepare payments, identify tax savings, and analyze tax issues.
Audits all tax return forms for accuracy and completeness.
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
Able to work independently and confidently collaborate with senior members to discuss technical topics and ongoing processes.
Strong time management skills, with an ability to multitask, handle multiple test assignments,
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills - able to present status, facts, thoughts, and ideas in a clear, concise, and organized manner.
Exceptional teamwork and leadership skills with the ability to organize and coordinate testing efforts.
Arrange meetings to showcase software demo materials.
Contact this candidate