Payal Devkota
QA Automation Engineer
Phone: +1-562-***-****
Email: ad785y@r.postjobfree.com
Location: Anaheim, CA, 92802

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
A dynamic and an achievement oriented SDET/QA Automation Engineer with over 6 years of experience in various domains.
Expertise in Manual and Automation Testing of Client/Server, Web - based, API and Cloud (AWS) applications.
Experience in managing and delivering successful software projects using Maven as a build tool.
Expertise in designing and developing strategic Test plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, Test Reports for manual and automated test cases.
Experience in Test Planning, Scripting, Scenario configuration, analysis, running automated performance tests and complete understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Hands on coding experience with Java Language. Automated functional test cases using tools like Selenium IDE and Selenium WebDriver (JUNIT and Java TESTNG).
Experience on API testing using POSTMAN and REST ASSURED
Excellent knowledge and implementation skills in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and agile methodologies.
Expertise in different frameworks like Behavior Driven Development (BDD), Test Driven Development (TDD) and Hybrid.
Extensive experience in Functional, Integration, Unit, API, Regression, User Acceptance and System Testing.
Experience in Waterfall and Agile Projects, worked very closely with Product owners in Agile and attended different ceremonies like Sprint Planning meeting, Scrum, Backlog grooming, Sprint Review and Retrospective.
Experience in installation and Administration of various version control systems like GIT (Distributed Version Control), GitHub, SVN Version Control.
Experience in JIRA for bug tracking and reporting and follow up with development team to verify bug fixes and update bug status.
Performed Database/Backend testing by writing complex SQL Queries for data validation and integrity, good at writing complex joins.
Experience in testing Web Services-SOA architecture, XML transactions, SOAP, HTTP, and REST using various tools like SOAP UI/Ready API and selenium.
Implemented continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines using Jenkins and GitLab.
Experienced on Service Oriented Architecture and tested Restful Web Services by using tools like REST-Assured and validated the response XML file well versed with Agile.
Experience in automating test cases using TestNG, Junit scripting and execution.
Good knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOPs) concepts. Extensively used Java for test case automation.
Experience in creating page objects by using Page Object Model (POM), developing reusable library functions in java.

Technical Skills:
Operating System: Windows/Mac/Unix/Linux
Languages: Java, HTML, XML, JavaScript, VBScript, SQL, SQL, XPath
Testing tools: Selenium WebDriver/IDE/RC/GRID, POSTMAN, RESTFUL, Eclipse, Cucumber, Protractor, Manual Testing, JSON Testing, Firebug, Firepath, SOUPUI, Gherkin, Jmeter, Azure DevOps
Web Technologies: XML, XPath, HTML, CSS
Databases: TOAD, ORACLE 11g/19g, MS SQL Server, MS Access, AWS cloud
Development Tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio
Frameworks: Cucumber, POM, Junit, TestNG, Nunit, TDD, BDD, Maven
Web servers: Java Web Server and Web Logic
Version Controller: Git, SVN, GITHUB, CVS
Build Tools: Jenkins, Gradle, Maven
Bug Tracking Tools: JIRA, Bugzilla, HP Quality Center/ALM, TFS, Rally, MTM
Others: Agile, Waterfall, AWS, Azure Data Factory, IntelliJ, V-Model,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES:

Antech Diagnostics
QA Automation Engineer (Jan 2022- Present)
Fountain Valley, CA

Responsibilities:
Created and executed automated test cases with Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, TestNG, Eclipse, Git/GitHub, Jenkins, and REST with POSTMAN.
Performed API testing using POSTMAN and database testing to confirm all the data is being migrated to the specified tables on AWS cloud.
Worked in Agile environment, with an ability to accommodate and test the newly proposed changes at any point of time during the release.
Administered and Engineered Jenkins for managing weekly Build, Test, and Deploy chain, GIT with Dev/Test/Prod Branching Model for weekly releases.
Created and maintained automation acceptance test suite using Selenium and Cucumber.
Used Maven for building the Web Driver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Used Selenium Web Driver for automating of Cross Browser Testing on IE, Firefox, Safari and Chrome.
Worked with AWS cloud machines to setup selenium GRID and also Jenkins server on HUB machine.
Used Cucumber automated testing to test new and existing functionality.
Integrates Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) on Continuous Integration tool Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
Utilized AWS S3 for storing and managing test artifacts, reports, and other related files during the testing process.
Responsible for updating and maintenance of existing selenium scripts.
Involved closely with developers in Development of UI modules using HTML, JavaScript and CSS.
Used Extent Report for creating Test reports and Jenkins with Maven for continuous integration.
Performed GUI System Testing, Integration Testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Performed quality assurance reviews on all System Development Life Cycle.
Prepared test plans, test cases, test procedures, test reports, which included test methodologies and test summaries for the application under test towards functional, GUI and regression testing.
Extensively tested and verified API requests and responses using JSON, XML messages.
Environment: Java, Windows, SQL, Selenium Web Driver API/GRID, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Visual Basic studio 2010, Eclipse, Cucumber, Maven, AWS, Postman, GIT, Word, Excel, Outlook

Circus Circus Hotel
SDET/Automation Tester (Apr 2020- Dec 2021)
Las Vegas, NV

Responsibilities:
Configured Selenium WebDriver, Maven tool and automated scripts in Java using Junit prior to agile release.
Preparation of Test scripts using Selenium Web driver with java for Functional Test cases.
Interacted with customers & internal stakeholders to ensure complete & thorough understanding of all requirements and tracked changes.
Web Service testing using Postman tool.
Involved in creation and maintain of automation framework using selenium.
Developed BDD and TDD script with Cucumber and written step definition.
Used tools like FirePath, Firebug, and UI Automator Viewer for finding elements locator.
Created and executed the test cases for various scenarios, and participated actively in system integration, performance, and regression testing for every new build released.
Worked with Developers and Business Analysts to create and update the defects, resolve, and tracked their status in Jira.
Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results Involved in testing the database and data validation using SQL Queries.
MSSQL server, database, and user creation/maintenance/upgrades. Own and resolve client setup and issues as needed.
Maintained bug lists for critical issues using Quality Center & reported the same in status meetings.
Utilized Gherkin syntax to collaborate effectively with stakeholders, including developers and business analysts, ensuring a shared understanding of requirements.
Designed and developed Hybrid automation framework and maintained the code in Git and used continuous integration (CI) tools to schedule the jobs Conducted Test Scenario walkthrough with Onsite/Offshore development team and with Business.
Involved in testing REST services using Postman, Rest Assured and Tested both XML and JSON formats
Created POM to store the project data and configured their details using Maven to build the project.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, POM, Firebug, SQL, JIRA, Jenkins, JMeter, TestNG, Cucumber BDD, POSTMAN, XML, SQL Server.

Proficio Bank
Junior QA Tester (Sep 2018 –March 2020)
Cottonwood Heights, UT

Responsibilities:
Written automation script for the application using selenium java.
Part of the process of writing test strategies, test plans and test cases for manual and automated testing.
Integrated automated tests into the Jenkins CI/CD pipeline.
Involved in Regression and smoke testing for the new build functionality testing.
Perform Manual and Back-end testing using SQL in Oracle relational database.
Part of the process of designing Hybrid framework in Selenium and captured data dynamically from web controls.
Performing Failure Analysis for the regression failed cases using Selenium.
Performed Functional testing, User Acceptance Testing and System Testing.
Performed web-based performance testing and analysis using JMeter.
Follow the Agile methodology due to the continuous change of requirements.
Performed Ad-hoc/Exploratory testing prior to automate the testing on the application.
Reviewed Business Requirement and Software Specification Requirements to achieve better understanding of the Application.
Used Cucumber Tags in feature file for regression, smoke, sanity and end to end test execution
Designed, executed and maintained Selenium Web Driver (TestNG, JUnit) automated test cases for regression test cases
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the frontend using Selenium (IDE and WebDriver) & created Data Driven framework using Junit.
Executed parallel browser testing on various machines using Selenium Grid and performed cross browser testing.
Environment: Java, Selenium Web Driver, Quality Center, Oracle, SQL, HTML, XML, Eclipse, Apache, Windows.
Contact this candidate