SOFTWARE QA ENGINEER
YULIA LOPATKO
Denver, CO 720-***-**** ad7bxd@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn SUMMARY
Dedicated QA Engineer with 4 years of expertise in both manual and automation testing experience ensuring software quality and optimizing testing processes. My attention to detail in testing contributed to a 25% reduction in post-release bug reports, earning recognition from both the QA team and stakeholders. EXPERIENCE
Software QA Engineer
DigitalVertex Enterprises Data-management application for external and internal users 2022 - 2024
● Conducted daily triage of bugs, leading to a 90% reduction in defects and bugs.
● Created comprehensive release notes and checklists, including new test cases and classical checklists.
● Improved test coverage and execution time by developing and maintaining automation scripts using JavaScript within the Cypress framework.
● Enhanced test maintenance and readability by implementing a Page Object Model (POM) design pattern.
● Conducting rigorous smoke, functional, end-to-end, and regression testing, covering 250+ test scenarios, resulting in reduction in critical bugs and ensuring a high-quality product launch.
● Successfully automated 40% of critical E2E scenarios, bolstering release confidence and reducing post-release defects.
● Developed 70% of the existing documentation
● Actively served as the primary QA for the release and deployment processes. Software QA Engineer
Hertz Services INC Web-based e-commerce platform 2020 - 2022
● Conducted different types of testing for every new build, including Functional, GUI, Smoke, Regression, and End-to-End tests to validate complex scenarios and ensure functionality quality.
● Successfully automated API integration testing using Postman, resulting in a 40% reduction in testing time and a 30% increase in release frequency. Developed custom automation scripts for API testing, increasing test coverage and reducing manual effort in regression testing.
● Improved collaboration and task management by utilizing Jira for test case organization, leading to clearer communication and more effective team coordination during testing phases.
● Tasked with ensuring the quality of a critical software release, I meticulously crafted test cases and collaborated closely with the development team to promptly address identified issues. Our software release was virtually bug-free, and I played a key role in maintaining a high-quality standard.
● Enhanced testing efficiency by integrating SQL queries into Workbench, ensuring thorough database validation with minimal effort and fostering collaboration with team members. TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
JavaScript, Node JS, SQL, API, Cypress, Postman, Linux, Unix, GIT, Jira, Confluence, TestRail, Scrum, Agile AREAS OF EXPERTISE
● Quality Assurance ● Code Reviews ● Continuous Integration ● Smoke
● Test plan & cases ● Cross-functional Collaboration ● Trend Analysis ● Regression
● Test Automation & Frameworks ● Relationship Building ● Strategic Planning & Execution ● UAT
● Debugging & Troubleshooting ● Software Development ● Operations Management ● E2E EDUCATION
B.S. in Economics and Management Gorskiy State Agricultural University
Contact this candidate