Namita Bhadviya
ad7bdz@r.postjobfree.com • 224-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/namita-bhadviya-005b7216 Professional Summary:
Quality-oriented and motivated QA Lead Analyst with 14 years of experience as a QA Automation Engineer- SDET, extensively worked on Manual, Automation, testing of Web Client Server, Cloud(AWS), Mobile, API, Web service application.
Skilled in monitoring various processes, resulting in significant reductions in product defects and production costs. Developed test traceability matrix, test plans, strategies, scenarios, cases, requirements, and documentation based on business, technical, and functional requirements.
Managed defect tracking using Jira, resulting in a 20% decrease in open defects. Technical Skills:
Automation Testing, Manual Testing
Selenium, Selenium Grid, Appium, Azure, Git, Docker
Ready API/Soap UI, AccelQ, SQL Server
Test NG/Maven, Cucumber, J-Meter
Java, SDLC, TFS, Jenkins, TeamCity, Jira
Certifications:
MCPD EA (Microsoft Certified Professional)
Introduction of Artificial Intelligence
Generative AI
Education:
Bachelor degree in Computer Science from University of Rajasthan, 2006 Professional Experience:
Perdoceo Education Corporation (Career Education), Chicago IL Apr 2020 - Present QA Lead
Responsibilities:
Experience in test planning, test case design, and test execution for web-based and client-server applications to verify that the software developed meets system requirements and specifications.
Led a team of 5 members, including onsite and offshore personnel.
Involved in the creation and implementation of test procedures, traceability matrix, test plans & test scripts.
Used JIRA for requirement management, Planning, Scheduling, running test, defect tracking and managing the defects.
Used Jenkins as a continuous integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven.
Experience in creating framework from scratch by using Page Object Modal, Page Factory and automation tools like Maven, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber and Jenkins.
Developed features, Scenario, step definitions using cucumber and integrated in continuous integration tool Jenkins for nightly batch run of the scripts.
Proficient in testing backend applications using SQL statements.
Maintain the selenium code in the GIT source control repository tool.
Involved in testing Web services (SOAP and REST) and XML with tool called Ready API.
Expertise in data driven testing using Ready API.
Implemented Page Objects, Data Driven, Keyword Driver, hybrid automation frameworks using selenium.
Execution of automated test scripts through Maven.
Performed Cross browser testing and parallel testing on Chrome, Firefox and Edge using TestNG and Maven on Selenium grid.
Dockerized the Tests to enable Parallel execution and to reduce the execution time from Hrs. to Mins.
Created Docker container and executed through docker-compose.
Expertise in using JIRA for test, Defect Management.
Used JIRA and created test sets and selectively run tests manually and using automation test scripts.
Experience in Restful & SOAP Based http and https Web Services testing using Ready API.
Validate Web Services using Ready UI. Sent SOAP request to check web services data and analyzed the response Performed data driven testing by using JDBC connection, Excel sheet as data source.
Familiarity with Agile methodology.
Participated in UAT testing for portals.
Actively managed and enhanced CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps to ensure smooth and automated build, test, and deployment processes.
United Airlines, Chicago IL May 2017 – Apr 2020
QA Analyst
Responsibilities:
Followed Agile Methodology (SCRUM) to analyze, define, and document the application.
Proposed a framework approach for Web Service Automation.
Analyzed User Stories, New Features/Enhancements in TFS.
Worked with Test Data-driven Web Service Automation framework.
Involved in setting up Continuous Integration Jobs and Running scripts using TEAMCITY.
Automated existing test cases using advanced features of Ready API.
Experienced in automating micro services and UI using AccelQ.
Performed all phases of testing, including system testing, regression testing, integration testing, performance testing, load testing, functional testing, sanity testing, and UAT.
Extensively involved in backend testing using SQL Server and Couchbase DB.
Experienced in developing UI automation framework from scratch using Selenium.
Performed assertion and data-driven testing in Ready API test tool.
Participated in Peer Review meetings to enhance Test Procedures and Test cases.
Worked on Onsite-Offshore coordination.
Verizon, Chicago IL Dec 2015 – Dec 2016
Sr. QA Consultant
Responsibilities:
Attend application walk-throughs and review requirements to understand the scope of the project.
Involved in Automation Infrastructure Development using Selenium.
Automated test cases using element locators and Selenium WebDriver methods.
Enhanced test cases using Java programming features and TestNG annotations.
Conducted data-driven testing, cross-browser testing, and parallel test execution.
Implemented simulators for Mobile App Testing using Appium.
Worked in an Agile-Behavior Driver Development (BDD) model.
Written Gherkin scripting automation test scripts to execute in Cucumber.
Worked on Agile (SCRUM) methodology and used Jira for defect tracking. Mine InfoTech, India (QA Lead) Jun 2014 – Dec 2015 Redbox Automated Retail, USA (QA Consultant) Jan 2011 – Dec 2013 Best Buy(Accenture Services), India (QA Engineer) Jan 2007 – Dec 2010
Contact this candidate