Saritha Mutyapu
Sr Software QA Engineer
Email: ad7hk3@r.postjobfree.com
Frisco, TX
Cell: 214-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
7+ Years of experience as a QA Automation Engineer with experience in Software Quality Assurance Testing in Manual and Automation with a solid understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking.
Strong experience in Back End API testing using postman. Proficient in writing SQL scitpts.
Expertise in Back End API Automation testing using Python, Pytest.
Proficient in testing web-based applications using Selenium Web driver with python, Java, Maven, TestNG, Page Object Model, Jenkins and GIT.
Experience in testing web-based application, windows applications, and mobile applications.
Experience in testing firmware/software integration testing.
Developed custom Swagger API libraries in python to be used for team on critical data setups.
Developed scripts in python to automate the firmware testing. Have built custom automation scripts/tools to perform the firmware and various software applications to perform end to end product testing.
Working experience in agile development environment for automating user stories in various iterations.
Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements, Tracking changes and maintenance of Test Requirements.
Expert in developing Java Selenium WebDriver/IDE test scripts and testing Frameworks using TestNG and Maven build tools.
Strong Experience in Python, Java Programming, Selenium WebDriver, SQL and TestNG/pytest.
Experienced in different types of testing on AUT like Functional, Regression, System Testing, Database Testing and End to End Testing.
Experience in working with build systems maven and continuous integration systems like Jenkins.
Excellent knowledge in writing unique XPath to locate elements and run WebDriver script in stable condition.
Using Selenium webdriver for Cross -Browser Testing across Chrome, Firefox, IE to deal with alerts and popups, take Screenshots to report bugs.
Experience in generating E-mailable Extent HTML Test Reports using Maven & TestNG.
Experience in database testing by using My SQL/MS SQL.
Experience in functional testing, user acceptance testing, integration testing, system testing, performance testing, sanity testing, compatibility testing & security testing of client/server and web-based applications.
Experience in working Page Object Model- POM design pattern with the hybrid framework.
Experienced in Java, C# and Python programming, HTML, SQL.
Proficient in testing database of applications developed with Oracle and MS SQL and MYSQL.
Strong in writing SQL queries to view, modify and insert data into and from the required tables to perform backend testing.
Experience in Data driven Testing and Cross browser testing using Selenium WebDriver, and TestNG.
Have knowledge in mobile application automation using Appium framework.
Experience with source version control tool Git.
Proficient in devising all the artifacts of testing such as Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Defect Reports and Test Summary Report.
Self-motivated, energetic and highly ethical in all work-related assignments thus able to immediately contribute to corporate goals and objects.
Good written, communication, interpersonal skills with an analytical mind bent to problem solving and delivering solutions.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Automation Tools
Selenium Webdriver/IDE with JAVA/Python, Test stack white with C#, log4j, log4net, MS Test, TestNG, SOAP UI and Apache HTTP Client
Languages
Python, C#, HTML, SQL, JAVA
Testing Frameworks
Pytest, TestNG, MS Test, Pytest and NUnit
Testing Tools
Bugzilla, JIRA, Confluence, TestRail, Adaptavist
Build/CI tools
Maven and Jenkins
Operating Systems
Windows XP, Windows 10, Linux, IOS, Android
Web Technologies
HTML, Java Script
Databases
Oracle, SQL Server
SOA Technologies
SOAP, WSDL, Restful Webservices
Tools and Utilities
Pycharm, Eclipse, Visual Studio, PyCharm, Toad, MSOffice and SOAP UI, Google postman and JMeter, Fiddler, Putty, WinSCP.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Tesla Motors Aug,2021 – Till Date
Sr Software QA Engineer

Responsibilities:
Support multiple projects. Performed both Functional and Automation testing.
Support weekly releases by feature/enhancements validation and bug fix validation on continuous basis.
Understood and analyzed business and functional requirements.
Worked closely with development and business team to understand the requirements and perform the application testing.
Derive Test Scenarios and perform the functional testing.
Extensively involved in integration testing with upstream/downstream systems.
Involved in performance, cross functional, integration testing for critical application.
Attended daily stand-up meetings.
Created automated tests using Selenium WebDriver with Python and Pytest.
Implimenting object oriented programming concepts and developing the python automation scripts
Supported in fixing the existing automation failures to increase the automation test coverage.
Created backend API automation scripts for Restful APIs.
Contributed to API and web automation framework development.
Extensively used Selenium locators (like Xpath, CSS Selector) and Web Driver to test the application.
Used SQL queries to verify the data from the MSSQL / MYSQL database.
Generated the testing report using HTML Reports
Detected detects, review the defects and report the defects to development team using bug reporting and tracking tool JIRA.
Extensively involved in resolving bug fixes with development team.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, pytest, HTML, Chrome, SQL, PyCharm IDE and Pytest, MSSQL Server Management studio, MySQL Workbench

Extron Electronics – Anaheim, CA Sep 2018 to Jul 2021
Quality Assurance Engineer

Description: Extron is an ISO 9001:2015 certified manufacturer in the professional AV (audiovisual) market. The company has products that cover fields including video and computer interfacing, switching, and signal distribution to professional displays and projectors.
Responsibilities:
Involved in Software Development Life Cycle from Requirements Analysis to supporting application in development.
Worked in Agile Methodology. Attend daily stand-up meetings, developed Test cases based on the user stories (Functional Requirements).
Used TestNG/pytest framework for creating Selenium scripts for functionalities of deriving complex quotations.
Created Python based scripts for Selenium WebDriver with TestNG/Pytest as automation framework.
Used hybrid framework of Selenium to get data from Excel.
Created custom automation scripts to perform functional integration automation testing among firmware and software applications.
Completed API testing using Google Postman and java framework for Web service testing.
Tested request and response JSON's based web services interfaces using Postman and HTTP Client java framework.
Performed Regression Test to ensure that introduction of new features into application does not affect the existing functionality.
Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content using HTML Ids and XPath in Selenium.
Performed performance testing using JMeter scripts.
Used core Java to write automated regression test scripts using Selenium WebDriver.
Developed Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Scenario and Test Reports.
Performed tests for Functionality, Regression, GUI, End to End, System and Backend.
Classified the defects according to priority and severity and prepared Test Status Reports.
Raised defects in JIRA and made sure appropriate hands off and retesting takes place.
Prepared Defect Prevention reports and conducted DP meetings with the team.
Used Toad to write SQL queries, to verify values displayed on various pages of the application.
Participated in Test Scenario inspections, test case reviews.
Actively participated in weekly meetings and updated weekly reports.
Environment: : Java, Eclipse IDE, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, HTML, Chrome, Internet Explorer, SQL, C#, Visual Studio, Test stack White, MS Test Framework, Python, PyCharm IDE and Pytest, putty, Test Flight
TCS - Bengaluru, Karnataka Apr 2009 to Dec 2011
Assistant Systems Engineer

Project: Ameriprise
Description: Ameriprise Financial, Inc. is a diversified financial services company and bank holding company
Understood and analyzed the functional and business requirement documents.
Derived Test Scenarios and developed Test Cases.
Run the SQL queries and gathered the Test Data.
Developed Requirement Tractability Matrices.
Involved in Test Execution and found the defects.
Logged the defects and assigned them to developers in QC/ALM
Performed defect analysis and own the defects until fixed.
Communicated with developers and got the defects fixed.
Took the responsibility for Test Results and Reports.
Involved in Functional and Regression Testing
Environment: Java, SQL Server 2008, HP QC/ALM, Toad

TCS - Bengaluru, Karnataka Feb 2008 to Mar 2009
Assistant Systems Engineer

Project: AMEX Compliance Testing & Monitoring (CTAM) Description:
The primary objective of Compliance Testing & Monitoring Team (CTAM) is to implement security event logging, monitor action and report the security events on all American Express applications residing on the mainframe and distributed environments in order to help American Express meet the internal and external regulatory requirements.
Our Daily monitoring processes include MFVM-RA, MFVM-PA, IMS-PA, IMS-L, TPF, DB2, Access to Employee Account and SOX. Our monitoring is performed daily and notification e-mails are being sent out accordingly. Similarly, we expect the response to each request whether escalated previously or not.
Monitoring the necessary log files and reports provided to us by IBM.
Updating the violations in the Tracking sheets.
Updating the employee and manager details from the AXP Directory into the Tracking sheet.
Sending out email notification to the manager.
Analyzing the manager's response and responding back if necessary, else sending out a Thank you note and closing the issue with the respective disposition in the Tracking sheet.
Sending out reminders when required.
Sending out daily, weekly and monthly Status reports.
Testing all the monitoring processes and tools implemented.
Creating sustainable processes that meet American Express and Regulatory requirements
Environment: IBM DB2, HTML, WINDOWS, UNIX
EDUCATION:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science Engineering in JNTU University - Hyderabad, Telangana. 2007
Contact this candidate