Sowjanya
Sr. QA Engineer
Email: ad7hod@r.postjobfree.com
Ph #: 980-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

8+ years of immense experience in IT Industry with emphasis on Software Quality Assurance, QA implementation, Manual and automation testing using various commercial and open source tools.
Experienced in working with Build Systems like Maven and continuous integration systems like Jenkins.
Extensive experience in using Selenium WebDriver APIs for writing test suites and test cases for testing functionality with the Selenium Server.
Experienced in perform API Testing using Postman tool and strong knowledge on Rest and Soap based API's.
Deep knowledge in understanding all aspects of SDLC, STLC, PMLC, manual and automation testing methodologies and performing in various types of Automation frameworks (TestNG, Page Object Model, Hybrid, Data-driven, BDD-Cucumber) executing and generating reports using Selenium WebDriver, Defects Management and Bug reporting and tracing by defect tracking tools like JIRA.
Experience of testing RestApi's POSTMAN tool for performing CRUD operations.
Enhanced Test cases using Core JAVA programming features and TestNG Annotations.
Expert in integrating Automation scripts (GUI and API) on Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
Profound experience in web services testing using Service Oriented Architecture tools like Postman for testing and validating SOAP and RESTful web services used in various applications.
Service Virtualization of SOAP and REST APIs to remove data dependencies and support UI development.
Hands on experience in writing driver script for Selenium web driver to implement keyword driven framework to Automate test cases.
Have created customized data driven Test Automation framework.
Experience in creating Cucumber BDD (behavior-driven development) framework, TDD (Test Driven Development) and automating BDD scenarios using GHERKIN format.
Experience in API automation using REST ASSURED/Soap UI/Postman.
Experience with testing web services using SOAP UI/Postman and XML.
Experience in Rest Assured API automation testing wherever required.
Proficient in working with Core Java programming and Object-Oriented Programming (OOPs) Concepts like Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading and Collections.
Experience in Test Management, Bug Tracking Tool and Defect Reporting Tool like JIRA, ALM for analyzing requirements, documenting and executing test cases, submitting bugs, defect tracking and status reporting.
Knowledge in Object Oriented Programming concepts, data models, HTML and XML.
Excellent experience with source version control tools such as Subversion (SVN) & Git.
Extensive experience in Defect Reporting and Defect tracking process using Quality Center (QC)/ALM, Bugzilla and Jira.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and ready to take an independent or team challenge.
Quick learner, strong work ethics and willingness to work hard to achieve employer objectives.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Methodologies
TDD, BDD, SDLC-Agile/Scrum
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, SoapUI, POSTMAN, REST ASSURED, Cucumber, TestNG
Test Management Tools
HP QC/ALM, Jira
Languages/ Web Technologies
C, Java, HTML, JavaScript, XML
Databases
MS SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access
Platforms
UNIX, WINDOWS, Linux, Mac
Build Tools
Maven
Integration Tools
Jenkins
Version Control Tools
Git, GitHub, SVN

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Client: Evertec Bank July 2022 – Till Date
Role: Sr. QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
Involved in analyzing Business Requirement Documents and Technical Specification document and developed test plan and test cases for testing the application.
Followed Test Driven Development (TDD) as much as possible and written test cases using TestNG for every relevant class.
Participated in requirement reviews and analyzed Modification requests and Enhancement requests.
Tested independent and dependent modules individually. Prepared Test Matrix to keep track of the requirements and the test cases.
Define, develop, and execute automation test scripts using Java that leverage black and white box testing across functional, non-functional and performance testing.
Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.
Actively performed Web Services and Rest API testing using REST ASSURED.
Involved in creation of automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber. Parameterized test cases using different annotations.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) in Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) for nightly batch run of the Script. Created Project plan on Jenkins, configured scheduled using Cron job.
Performed UI testing and front-end testing using Selenium.
Implemented Appium scripts to test IOS and Android platforms.
Developed Test Framework in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and when necessary, and potentially execute Unit Test automation (Java).
Developed data driven test scripts to check the same functionality with multiple sets of data.
Created the tests that have no user interaction as a set and executed them as Batch tests using Maven.
Developed test suite, test cases, execute test cases and generate report in Postman.
Performed xml data validation using assertion method in Postman.
Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite.
Performed test automation Development using test framework that implements Page Object Model (POM), cucumber feature, and TestNG configuration files.
Developed Selenium scripts in TestNG for parameterization using Data Provider annotation.
Developed user-friendly and flashy XSLT reports using TestNG and Maven.
Created JavaScript(.js) using describe it, promise, resolve, reject, done, expect and assertions for REST API Validations like POST, PUT, GET and DELETE.
Involved in writing automation scripts for mobile native applications using Appium, Core java and Selenium.
Used JIRA for Test Management, for Functional Test Automation.
Checked the data flow through the front end to backend and used SQL queries, to extract the data from the database.
Involved in documentation as to how to maintain and run scripts for future enhancements. Responsible for testing the application against different environments in QA, staging and production.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Jenkins, REST ASSURED, POSTMAN, SOAP UI, REST API testing, Appium, JIRA, Maven, JavaScript, TDD, SQL, Windows.

Client: Quantum National Bank, Suwanee, GA Jan 2021 – Jun 2022
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Conducted Functional testing, Regression Testing using selenium with Data-driven framework and BDD.
Created automation test scripts using data driven framework and Page Factory model to test the web applications using Selenium WebDriver with JAVA and maven.
Used Jenkins to execute the test scripts periodically on Selenium WebDriver for different platforms like desktop, tablet and mobile.
Performed Cross browser testing and parallel testing on Chrome, Firefox and Safari using TestNG, Maven on Selenium WebDriver.
Utilized Maven to manage dependencies for test execution, plug-ins and created profiles of grouped test cases to run sanity and regression testing.
Integrated Jenkins with version controller (GIT) and scheduled builds to run automatically during a build release by invoking predefined maven commands.
Involved in the usage of BDD framework to develop Cucumber Step Definitions, Scenarios and Features using acceptance criteria.
Used Eclipse IDE for developing automation scripts.
Handled Selenium Synchronization problems using Explicit & Implicit waits during regression testing.
Created the test data and request for the test data dependent with the other applications to be used in the testing activities for the current release.
Designed and Developed UAT Regression automation script and Automation of functional testing framework for all modules using Selenium WebDriver.
Designed test cases based on the use-cases and the complex business logic defined for each web-service or a message.
Developed test suite, test cases, execute test cases and generate report in Postman.
Performed xml data validation using assertion method in Postman.
Developed and maintained automated regression test cases in Selenium WebDriver using Java programming language and TestNG Framework.
Implemented REST ASSURED to test REST services.
Shared Daily Status Reports with all the team members, Team Leads, Managers.
Used JIRA for progress and defect tracking.
Tested the application in a highly dynamic environment with sprint team using Agile Methodology.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Eclipse, JIRA, Jenkins, REST ASSURED, POSTMAN, Maven, Oracle, SOA, TestNG, Windows.

Client: National General Insurance, Winston-Salem, NC Oct 2018 – Dec 2020
Role: QA Engineer
Responsibilities:
Analysis of Business and Requirement Specifications. Designing Test Lab and formulation of Test Strategy, Test Plans, Test design and Implementation.
Involved in building automation framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Eclipse.
Developed Automation framework implementing Page Object Model, using Java, Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber.
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions in Gherkin format.
Exposure of Web Services Testing using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) Tools REST and SOAP UI - Groovy Scripting.
REST API testing using Postman to validate requirements.
Performed functional testing of REST Web Services. Validated request and response XML, JSON. Added assertions to validate the XML in Web services JSON in RESTFUL services.
Used GitHub as a source repository system to share code within the office as well as with the team in overseas.
Identified, Reported and Tracked defects using JIRA test management tool.
Developed user-friendly and flashy XSLT reports using TestNG and Maven.
Performed User Acceptance testing (UAT) exclusively in an agile environment.
Used Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and cross Platforms.
Used Maven for build management, Git as source repository and Jenkins for Continuous Integration (CI) of the builds.
Performed Manual as well as Automated Testing using Test tools like Selenium WebDriver, and JIRA for defect reporting and tracking.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Java, JIRA, TestNG, REST, Jenkins, POSTMAN, MAVEN, Git, Cucumber, Oracle DB, Eclipse, Soap UI, XML, HTML.

Client: Custom Ink, Fairfax, VA Apr 2017 – Sep 2018
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Participated in Sprint planning and grooming session to discuss about the story requirements. Project is implemented in agile methodology.
Involvement in all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Requirements Specifications Review, Test documentation, Application testing and Defect reporting.
Prepared Test cases for Positive and Negative test scenarios as referred in the user stories keeping in mind the Boundary Value Limitations, Equivalence classes.
Automated all Test cases using selenium Web driver. Understands and implements scope for project in agile methodology.
Performed browser compatibility test, stress test, scalability test for Web Applications.
Performed white box testing using TestNG for class, method, & web services testing.
Performed SOA / web services testing using SOAP UI, wrote adaptors to test / invoke web services.
Created Selenium WebDriver automation scripts using Java and Java Script to validate functionality on various browsers.
Developed RTM (Requirements Traceability Matrix), execution and Summary reports.
Used Git as version control tool for source code, web pages, and documentation.
Involved in execute and validate applications on Widows machines under Maven.
Worked with the developer to reproduce the bugs and to resolve usability issues during UAT.
Performing API testing by using Postman for RESTful API service.
Monitored the logs using Log4j for debugging.
Prepared status summary reports with details of executed, passed and failed test cases.
Used JIRA to log the defects and maintained track of the defects throughout the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Worked with cross functional teams, organized UAT sessions documented the end-to-end test cases, test results and reporting using JIRA.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Jenkins, Maven, REST, Soap UI, Cucumber, Eclipse, SQL, Oracle, JIRA, TestNG, Agile, Windows.

Client: IAT Insurance Group, Raleigh, NC Jan 2016 – Mar 2017
Role: Manual Tester
Responsibilities:
Reviewed Business requirements, IT Design documents and prepared Test Plans which involved various test cases for all assigned module/projects Review Test Requirements, Creating Test Plans and Test Strategy documents in QC.
Develop Test Plan and Test Strategy to test the application according to the Requirements, Test areas and Functional Specification of the application.
Involved in UAT testing in UAT environment, Prepared UAT test cases and testing estimates.
Generated Test Traceability Matrix (TTM) to show the test case execution status.
Tested critical bug fixes including critical fixes and coordinated with developers in release of bug fixes meeting tight timeline Worked with deployment team to create nightly automation regression execution builds.
Performed Positive and Negative testing to test response of the application under test by creating Data Driven tests.
Documented software defects using bug tracking system and reported defects involving program functionality, output, online screen and content to software developers.
Attended Weekly status meeting in reporting and provided a weekly report that includes test metrics consisting of status reports.
Environment: Quality Center, Oracle, HTML, MS Office, Windows
Contact this candidate