WORK EXPERIENCE
Client: Progressive Insurance, Mayfield, US (Feb 2023 - Present)
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Description: Progressive Insurance Company is an unionized life insurance company. It provides supplemental life insurance to labor unions, credit unions, and associations. As a QA Automation Engineer, I responsible for designing, developing, and executing automated tests to ensure the quality and reliability of software applications.
Responsibilities:
Find, isolate, document, regress, and track bugs through resolution via JIRA.
Actively involved in SDLC and STLC process and used tools like ALM (HP), Selenium Web driver, and JMeter.
Extensively involved in identifying test cases to automate. Automate those test cases using Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, and Java (Eclipse IDE). Updated Test Plans and Test Cases periodically to manage changes in requirements.
Developed test suite, test cases, execute test cases and generate report in Postman. Design and execute features of ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development)/BDD using Selenium, Cucumber for Java, and Ruby.
Developed the Automation Framework from scratch and enhance it by using Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, Cucumber, Maven, Java, GitHub. Developed framework using JUnit, Page Object Model.
Developed manual and automated test cases to validate RESTful API web service. Executed the Test Cases and Test Scripts by using Quality Centre. Created the data driven framework using HP Service Test and SOAP UI.
Involved in setting up different configuration environment for compatibility testing and manual testing.
Developed and executed test scripts using Playwright to validate the functionality and usability of web applications.
Worked in DevOps, installing, configuring, and integrating Automation scripts on Continuous Integration tools (CI/CD) like Jenkins for nightly test suite execution and working on knowledge on testing and configuring Amazon Web services (AWS). Working in Agile methodology and running sprints using VSTS Azure DevOps scrum board.
Utilized AWS Lambda functions to perform serverless computing for test data generation and validation, reducing infrastructure costs by 30%. Used GitLab to manage the UI Automation Code.
Participated in Stand-up meeting, walkthrough meeting, daily with all other QA, weekly assessment meetings with business analysts and developers. Hands-on experience in working Cypress for angular application end-to-end testing.
Worked with web service and back-end service/API tools such as Soap Service, HTTP Client, and Soap Client etc.
Used runner classes in Cucumber to generate step definition and also used tags to run different kinds of test suites like Smoke and Regression. Involved in system integration and user acceptance testing (UAT) on later stages of SDLC.
Designed and implemented Cucumber, Appium, Maven and Java based Framework from scratch.
Created and updated test cases in Excel sheets and generate Traceability Matrix.
Automating Angular JS applications by using Protractor, NodeJS, ReactJS, Jasmine, and Karma using Javascript.
Good working knowledge of major Operating Systems such as Windows and Mac OS. Performed Back-end testing using SQL queries to make sure that data entered has been uploaded correctly into the database tables.
Performed SOA testing for Payments APIs using SoapUI and Java frameworks for Web testing services.
Used selenium web driver with TESTNG and sauce labs for frontend automated Testing and cross-browser testing. In terms of the backend Used Ready API. Performed Data driven testing using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
Developed Test Framework in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and implement testing framework in Jenkins for Continuous Integration. Experience in python frameworks for automation testing.
Environment: JIRA, JAVA J2EE, AGILE, Windows, UNIX, Eclipse, PL SQL, EVM, Maven, Nunit, Visual studio, vb script, selenium.
Client: Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, the Woodlands, Texas, USA (Jun 2022 - Jan 2023)
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Description: Lexicon Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers and develops precise medicines for human disease. It maintains an application, to monitor available stock, make orders and approvals, to set reminders and generate reports. Identify and prioritize test cases for automation based on risk, business impact, and frequency of use.
Responsibilities:
Basic understanding/experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes or other container orchestration
Analyze Test Cases to determine the possibility of automation.
Run Defect Trailing and Review the Test Scenarios/ Test Cases with Business Designed, executed, and maintained Selenium Web Driver (TestNG, JUnit) automated test cases for regression test cases .
Extensive experience in Web Services, SOAP, and REST API Testing using UFT API, Restful API, Rest Sharp, Para soft SOA, Apache JMeter, Postman, and SoapUI. Responsible for creating test scenarios for user stories and creating automation test suites using Python, Selenium Webdriver, and Pytest framework.
Created Load Runner Scenario utilized user scripts into real Performance Test, utilized different Load Runner monitoring tools, identified bottlenecks and analyzed the performance of Application Server and Database Server.
Involved in writing automation scripts for mobile native applications using Appium, Core java and Selenium.
ETL tools for healthcare data cleaning and analyzing datasets using Python and Pentaho DI tool.
Used Python for dynamically generating property lists for every application. Automated data movements using python scripts. Developed user-friendly and flashy XSLT reports using TestNG and Maven.
Used Java as client library for Selenium and WebDriver to design and developed Automation test Framework using TestNG.
Created feature files using Gherkins in Cucumber framework for BDD. Used Cucumber automated testing to test new and existing functionality. Communicate issues to business, engineering, and management using JIRA.
Involved with working in all phases of SDLC methodologies.
Designed and Developed Test Cases for automated testing using Selenium, Maven and Eclipse IDE.
Associated with the development team to understand technical design and architecture for test planning.
Created Automation test framework using TOSCA.
Experienced with testing REST and GraphQL API logic using Postman.
Involved in acceptance testing using BDD Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium (IDE and Web Driver) & created Data Driven framework using JUnit.
Working on the Android module of the project where I was responsible for automating the app using Appium.
Environment: C#.Net, Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, JIRA, Junit, Fire Path, Firebug, HTML, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Windows XP, Java, JavaScript, XML, Git, MS EXCEL, SQL.
Client: HDFC Bank, Mumbai, India (Sep 2019 - Nov 2021)
Role: QA Engineer
Description: HDFC is an Indian multinational Private sector bank and financial services. I collaborate closely with development and quality assurance teams to identify test requirements, develop test strategies, and implement automated testing solutions.
Responsibilities:
Identified and reported software defects and test findings using JIRA.
Well acquainted with all phases of SDLC and STLC.
Automated Smoke & Functional test cases using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG & Java (Eclipse IDE).
Involved in analyzing Business Requirement Documents and Technical Specification document and developed test plan and test cases for testing the application.
Worked on Web services using POSTMAN exclusively on obtaining the needed information using the URL approach.
Followed Test Driven Development (TDD) as much as possible and written test cases using TestNG for every relevant class.
Performed GUI, Functional and Regression testing by automated using Selenium, JUnit, Ant, and Jenkins.
Responsible for implementation of Hybrid Test Automation Framework, Page Object Model using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Maven and Java
Involved in automation of regression test cases and executing scripts using Test Harness & REST APIs.
Involved in UAT Testing and Used Quality Center to report bugs.
Developed and executed manual and automated tests in different platforms using Java and Selenium library.
Upgraded a legacy Java-based Jbehave framework to a modern Playwright Framework, ensuring alignment with business requirements. Designed, implemented, and thoroughly tested the new framework.
Followed Agile testing methodology, participated in daily SCRUM meetings and testing each SPRINT deliverables.
Managing security groups on AWS Lambda and custom monitoring using cloud watch.
Reviewed Test Cases, Test sets, Review Reports and ensured that they are in accordance with QA Best Practices.
Experience in Automated Software Testing using Rest assured, Cypress and Selenium.
Experience in Selenium IDE (HTML, JUnit, C#, Core Java, JavaScript/Typescript scripting methods) using any Framework for creating automated test scripts and using SOAPUI for API Automation.
Performed System, Integration, End to End and User Acceptance testing and monitored the applications behavior during distinct phases of testing.
Played a key role in production releases and perform UAT test of the system.
Environment: Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, JIRA, Junit, Fire Path, Firebug, HTML, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Windows XP, Java, JavaScript, XML, Git, MS EXCEL, SQL.
Client: TVS Motors, Mumbai, India (May 2017 - Aug 2019)
Role: Software Tester
Description: TVS Motors is the India’s leading two wheeler Manufacturing company, Leveraging advanced automation frameworks like Selenium and Appium, our project, internally dubbed "AutoTestDrive," is poised to enhance testing efficiency and accuracy across all our vehicle solutions.
Responsibilities:
Conducted API testing using REST Assured and POSTMAN to verify the functionality and reliability of the software's API endpoints.
Used Protractor for end-to-end test frameworks for AngularJS applications.
Participated in building Test Plans, defined Test Scenarios, and developed Test Cases corresponding to the test requirements to maximize the verification coverage of system variables.
Worked with development teams investigated and corrected software bugs and deficiencies based on the testing results.
Developed automated tests in partnership with developers for continuous regression testing and reducing manual testing using Selenium, TestNG and Maven.
Utilized test management tools such as Maven, Jenkins, and Jira to manage and execute automated test suites, report and track defects, and analyze test results.
Developed test cases in Gherkins and implemented cucumber to automate them.
Performed test automation Development using test framework that implements Page Object Model (POM), cucumber feature files, TestNG, and configuration files.
Identifying objects of App using UI Automator, Appium Inspector tool for Android and Xcuitest driver for iOS based devices.
Environment: RIT, HP QC, Clear Quest, IBM DB2 SQL, UNIX, Hogan, DMAN, Windows 7, MS Office, MS Outlook, Share point, Link.

ABOUT ME
SIVA SUMAN Kilaru
QA Automation Engineer
Testing Tools: Selenium Web driver, Cypress, API Testing, HP Quick test Professional, SOAP UI, Appium, Protractor, Micro Focus UFT, Para Soft SOA test
Defect Tracking Tools: HP Quality Center, JIRA, Test Director, Cypress, Playwright, Bugzilla, Rally, QMetry and ServiceNow
Programming Technologies: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Java, C++
Frameworks: TestNG, Junit, BDD (Cucumber)
IDE'S: Eclipse, VS Code, Atom
Build Management Tools: GitHub, Subversion (SVN), Perforce, Ant, Maven, Jenkins
Web Browsers: IE, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari
Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX/Linux, Mac, Android, iOS
Databases: Oracle (9i, 10g), SQL Server, MySQL, DB2, Elastic search
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Masters in Computer Science from Southern University at New Orleans, USA
EDUCATION
+1-504-***-****
ad7hlo@r.postjobfree.com
CONTACT
Highly skilled QA Automation Engineer with 7 years of experience seeking a challenging role to leverage expertise in designing, implementing, and maintaining automated testing frameworks. Dedicated to ensuring the quality and reliability of software products through rigorous testing methodologies and continuous improvement initiatives.
Over 7 years of experience in Information Technology, with specializing in Software Quality Assurance Testing, proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based applications.
Followed Test Driven Development (TDD) as much as possible and written test cases using TestNG for every relevant class. Designed, developed and implemented automated test frameworks using Cypress for web applications.
Involved in Mobile Application Automation (Android & IOS devices).
Developed Automated test scripts from Manual test cases for Regression testing based on the requirement documents using Quick Test Professional.
Experience in the continuous integration (CI/CD) using Dev-Op’s tool Jenkins to create a job and scheduled a job for execution with Git repository. Worked on Web services using POSTMAN exclusively on obtaining the needed information using the URL approach.
Experience in authoring load, performance, and endurance test scripts in LoadRunner. Worked closely with the Agile scrum team and Product owners to maintain a full understanding of the requirements.
Conducted Data Validation Testing (back-end) using SQL queries.
Record defects in Jira and meet with developers to get them fixed. Executed API testing using REST Assured, POSTMAN, RESTful, and SOAPUI to validate the functionality and reliability of RESTful APIs and SOAP web services.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using WebDriver IO with Mocha frameworks for Java Script. Executed REST APIs based web services API testing (Java client and REST APIs).
Used Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Done SOA testing for Payments API's using REST ASSURED and Java framework for web services testing. Involved in the preparation of Functional Test Cases derived against Functional Specification documents.
Experienced in developing automated test scripts using Playwright, Selenium WebDriver, HP QTP, Java, Python, developing tests using TestNG, JUnit frameworks.
Designed and implemented Cucumber, Appium, Maven and Java based Framework from scratch. Extensive experience in developing scalable and reliable Serverless architectures using AWS Lambda.
Extensively worked on various Testing types such as Integration, System, Functional, Regression, Sanity, Smoke, User-interface (GUI), Data base and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
PROFILE SUMMARY
Contact this candidate