VENKAT RAO
Phone: 647-***-****
Email: ad7j1v@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over 10 years of experience in Information Technology in the field of Software Quality Assurance of Web Applications, Windows-based, Client-Server, and Mainframe Applications
Experienced in all phases of SDLC Agile Scrum, Waterfall, Iterative, V model methodologies, TDD, BDD processes
Experienced in manual, automation, and API testing tools for Smoke, Shakedown, Functional, Regression, performance testing, Stress/Load testing, SIT, UAT, BAT, and PAT.
Successfully hosted QA sprint planning, QA backlog grooming, team, and project retrospectives.
Successfully designed Test Plans,Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test data, TRM, Test Summary report other testing artifact documents.
Experienced in identifying testing risks and mitigation during panning and steering committee meetings with stakeholders and/or business for estimations and resource planning.
Experienced in triaging issues to identify root cause in Front end and back end developed in different platforms.
Successfully presented developed applications to the project teams, support users, and business stakeholders to get fast feedback on the application.
Experienced in Database Testing using SQL queries on RDBMS databases like SQL Server, DB2, and Oracle
Strong experience working on AODA testing using various tools.
Very Good knowledge and experience in CMMI, RUP, and QMS
Strong analytical, troubleshooting, communication, and presentation skills.
Self-motivated, Team player, quick learner, and solution-oriented.
Attended Agile In-house Training program in TD Bank.

Testing Tools
• HP (QC, ALM-Octane, QTP )
• SOAP UI,Postman,API, TSYS
• Atlassian - JIRA,Zephyr,TestRail,Rational Clearquest, Confluence
• Agile,DevOps, Selenium, Jmeter,Azure DevOps.

Programming Languages
• C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, J2EE
• JCL, COBOL, ASP.net, Visual Basic, VB.Net., JSP
• ASCII format, XML, HTML, DHTML

Platforms, Web Servers
• Windows 9x, /2000, NT/XP/Vista, VM Ware
• Mainframes, MS DOS, Apple Macintosh
• Web sphere, Web Logic, Jenkins,

Database and Office Software
• JDBC, Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g (SQLPLUS), DBMS, RDBMS, DB2, ETL, SQL Server, MS Access
• MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), MS Project, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Symcor
• BIG DATA - Mongo DB, Sqoop,Maven,Cucumber
• Good Knowledge on Various BIG Data/Hadoop Tools-HDFS, HBase, Hive, Pig, Flume, Oozie, Sqoop, Zookeeper,
EDUCATION
Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application (PG DCA) – Madurai Kamaraj University, India
Master of Computer Application (MCA)-Madurai Kamaraj University India.
Diploma in Software Testing Certification-Mind Q systems, Hyderabad India

WORK EXPERIENCE

Client: Ontario Health - Dec’ 21 – Mar 2024.
Project: One Access Launcher (OAL)
Role: Sr Systems Testing/ Quality Engineer -Digital

The purpose of the project is to display all the patient records under one profile and the User is able to verify all the records.

Highlights:
Analyzed all the assigned User Stories Requirements from the each Sprint.
Generated and executed Test Scenarios and Test cases for assigned stories in each sprint.
Involved in Daily standup, Retrospective meetings for each sprint of the project.
Strong experience in writing test scripts, test cases and test scenarios, testing web applications and reporting defects.
Performed various stages of testing like GUI,Unit,Integration,Functional, Regression,Load, performance testing.
Strong Experience in Selenium -Dexter automation and Developed scripts for various scenarios.
Performed Cross Browser Testing on different Browsers Windows,Mac, iOS& Android Using Browser Satck
Performed Accessibility for Ontarians with Disability Act (AODA) testing using different Tools.
Performed API testing using SOAP UI & Postman to validate Request & Response data,Time and status Codes.
Good experience with HL7, FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) messages and data structures
Using Jira as defect management tool to log the defects.
Responsible for updating various reports like daily /weekly status reports.Sprint status reports & defect reports.
Environment: Windows 10,Mac,Mobile, Browser Stack,Java, Selenium,Test NG,Maven,Jira,Confluence,Dexter,GitLab,WAVE,NVDA &postman.

Client: Genentech - Aug’21 – Nov 2021.
Project: Salad Fingers- PDV
Role: Sr Quality Engineer

The purpose of the project is to create various patient records in salesforce and verify the details using different tools.

Highlights:
Analyzed all the User Stories Requirements from each Sprint and involved in preparing Sprint plan for each Sprint
Generated and executed Test Scenarios and Test cases for assigned stories in each sprint.
Involved in Daily standup, Retrospective meetings for each sprint of the project.
Performed Integration, Functional & Regression testing on the application.
Created Various PACT, Synapse & marketing patient records in salesforce
Using Verato and SOQL(salesforce Object Query language) to link and merge the patients
Using ALM and Jira as test management and defect management tool.
Responsible for updating various reports.
Environment: Salesforce, Verato, SOQL Query,Windows 10,Java, ALM Octane,Jira,

Client: LCBO - July‘19 – Feb 2021.
Project: E-commerce- Web & Mobile
Role: Sr Quality Engineer-Digital

The purpose of the project is to validate the process of various orders placed online from different WCS Browsers and Mobile ios & android.

Highlights:
Analyzed all the User Stories Requirements from each Sprint and involved in preparing Sprint plan for each Sprint
Generated and executed Test Scenarios, Test cases & Test scripts for assigned stories in each sprint.
Involved in Daily standup, Retrospective meetings for each sprint of the project.
Performed Smoke, Integration, System, Functional testing, P1 & P2 testing,UAT and Regression testing on the application.
Validated various orders placed as a Guest & Register user like STS, STH, and SDP in different Browsers.
Performed Cross Browser testing on various browsers like IE 11, Chrome, and Firefox in Web & mobile( ios&android)
Performed Cross Browser testing using Browser Stack on various web browsers & mobile( ios&android)
Placed and validated various Orders in mobile ios & android.
Performed Adobe Analytics testing by inspecting various elements, HTML, page source in different browsers.
Performed AODA Functional testing using different Tools and retest the defects by verifying the expected Code.
Interacting with other teams like the Business team, Dev team, Configuration, UAT team to resolve the testing-related issues.
Performed API testing using the postman tool to validate all web methods and response times.
Generate the Test Scripts using Selenium Web Driver as per User stories in each sprint.
Creating and Executing test scripts for regression testing of web applications using selenium.
Working with DevOps team for process improvement and to check the existing process status.
Performed backend testing by writing various SQL quiries.
Generated various reports like daily /weekly status reports, Sprint status reports & defect reports.
Environment: Windows 7, Windows 10, Agile, Java, Python, Selenium, postman, Cucumber, Test NG, Maven, WAVE, NVDA,ALM Octane,Jira, Zephyr, Azure DevOps,Confluence, Linux, SQL, Oracle, HTML, XML.

Client: CST (Canadian Scholarship Trust) - Mar ‘18 – Jan 2019
Project: MDS RESP RPM release
Role: QA Consultant

The purpose of the project is to advocate, develop, deliver and support solutions that will enable every Canadian resident to have sufficient financial resources to pursue post-secondary education.RPM- R-Broker maintains several types of accounts, including RESPs, RRSPs, and TFSAs. At CST, R-Broker is specifically for supporting and maintaining client and back-office records as the source system for the MDS Program.

Highlights:
Analyzed the System Requirement Document (SRD), Functional Specification Documents to prepare various Test documents.
Developed detailed Test Plan and Test Cases based on the requirements.
Involved in various testing types like Functional testing, UAT, Model Office, and Regression testing on the application.
Created Various accounts using SSWS Web server, POAC, and R Broker.
Extensively interacted with Business Team, Developers, and with end-users to test according to their requirements.
Performed Cross Browser testing on various browsers like IE 11, Chrome, Firefox.
Performed mobile web testing using Browser stack on IOS and Android.
Performed API testing using SoapUI to validate all web methods.
Designed Test scripts Using selenium Webdriver
Generated Test Reports using Test NG.
Worked on Selenium Webdriver/ Java to test the web pages and develop the necessary needs.
Environment: Java, PHP, Selenium, JIRA, Soap UI, Oracle, Edge, IE 11, Google Chrome, Firefox, Unix, Microsoft Office 2013, XML, SQL

Client: BMO Financial Group Toronto - Mar ‘17 – May 20 17
Project: Model Risk Inventory System (MRIS)
Role: Sr .QA Analyst

Model Inventory data remediation is one of the key workstreams of the enterprise model inventory remediation work. All active vetted/approved models with a business identified mandatory attributes extracted from Live link MRIS.

Highlights:
Analyzed the Business Requirement Document (BRD), Functional Specification Documents to prepare Test cases based on Test Plans.
Developed detailed Test Cases based on the Functional Requirements
Involved in various testing types like Functional testing, User acceptance testing, Integration testing, Navigation testing, and Regression testing on the application.
Interacted with the Business team, Developers, and with end-users to test according to their requirements.
Used Selenium WebDriver for creating Regression scripts.
Validated test data extracted from Risk Inventory systems
The validated model inventory contains all active vetted and approved models assigned MD/MO group
Maintained extracted excel spreadsheet uploaded in share point
Interacted with other teams to resolve the issues
Environment: JAVA, Mainframe,Selenium WebDriver, Jira, Agile, Test NG, HP ALM, Linux, SQL, Oracle, MS Excel, HTML Windows 7, MS SharePoint.

Client: TD Bank, Toronto - Mar‘16 – Feb 2017
Project: Client Reporting
Role: Sr.QA Analyst

Client reporting Engine transforms the Organization's reporting capabilities to a single Reporting composition engine and that allows for Agile and flexible changes and improved design to generate new Statement.

Highlights:
Involved in preparing sprint plan, daily standup, Retrospective meetings for each sprint of the project.
Generated Test cases and Test Data for various stories in each sprint.
Performed various stages of testing like Unit testing, SIT, UAT, and Batch Testing (BAT) for Mutual Funds,
Securities, RSP, RRIF, RESP, and TFSA throughout the process
Validate the test process from DPP to Interim, Interim to XML, and XML to statements.
Used ALM and JIRA as Test management and defect management tools.
Experience working with OFF shore team
Interacted with all other teams like the Dev team, Business team, offshore team to resolve the testing-related issues.
Supported UFT Automation team to understand the process and provided test data to run the script
Coordinating Offshore team on a day to day testing activities
Environment: Java, SCALA, UFT, HP ALM, JIRA, Confluence, Oracle, IE 11, Chrome, Unix, Microsoft Office 2013, .NET Server, XML, Microsoft Windows 7.

Client: Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto- Dec ‘14 – Nov 2015
Project: HSBC (PIM)
Role: Sr.QA Analyst

RBC I&TS (Royal Bank of Canada, Investor & Treasury Services) supports HSBC (PIM) (Private Investment &management) to manage various accounts (like Personal, Joint, Trust, RRSP, TFSA, RRIF, LIRA, LIF, mutual funds & securities) with EPW (Enhanced Private Wealth) and Custody (GPLUS, TRUST & Millvus).

Highlights:
prepared detailed Sprint Test Plan and Test Cases for HSBC (PIM) based on Business and Functional Specifications
Performed system Integration, Functional, Regression, UAT, and BAT Testing's
Verified EPW and Custody total value and currency matching or not.
Verified new accounts details matching in EPW and Custody
Log the defects using Quality Center (ALM), JIRA, and link the defects with requirements.
Created new accounts using TSYS and verified Account number generated or not.
Verified account status, payments, and address using TSYS.
Verified the statements date and account Balances using TSYS.
Used Selenium WebDriver to create test scripts for Functional testing
Used Selenium WebDriver to create test scripts for Regression scripts
Involved in extensive DATA validation using SQL queries and back-end testing
Responsible for reporting, updating, and maintaining the Quality Centre for all the defects found during functional and regression testing as well as following up on the bug life cycle.
Coordinating Offshore team on a day to day testing activities
Environment: HP ALM11.5, Java, Mainframe, TSYS, Unix, JIRA, Confluence, Selenium, SQL, VB Script, Symcor, TOAD, Oracle, Cobol, Windows 7, Windows NT/XP, XML, MSOffice 2013, MS SharePoint

CIBC July 2009 – Jun 2014
Successfully completed 7 assignments with CIBC -Sr QA Analyst/QA Analyst

Project-1: Multicurrency (Finance)- Jul ‘13 –Jun ‘14

Multicurrency has been integrated with ECIF (Enterprise Customer Information file) and complete end-to-end Integration testing has been done to verify the changes. ECIF API (Application Programming Interface) communicates with FTOL API via Web services/XML Files and the changes done in ECIF should be successfully reflected in Core application and FTOL (Fixed Term Online).

Highlights:
Created CIF in ECIF Application for Multicurrency and RIF
Worked as a QA Analyst in Production Support Team
Opened various Accounts in FTOL for different currencies such as Euro, Pound, and Dollar.
Changed various properties in ECIF and verified the XML Request and Response as sent by ECIF to FTOL.
Coordinated among many 3rd party vendors such as HP, TCS, and CGI.
Performed API testing using soap
Performed End to End Integration Testing and Logged Defects in Quality Center.
Environment: Java, MS.Net, Mainframe,XML,Soap UI,SQL,ORACLE, HP ALM,Mainframe,Oracle 10g Windows 7,MS Office 2013
Project-2:

Whole Sale Automotive Lending (WAL) (Finance) - Jan’13 to Jun ‘13

Wholesale Automotive Lending (WAL) Operations supports Vehicle financing between automotive Dealers and Manufacturers. Wholesale Indirect Lending (WIL) is replaced by WAL.WIL is the Wholesale mainframe system that supports the financing of automobile dealers by providing loans for the vehicle on the dealer lot that is waiting to be sold. The goal of the WAL financing system Replacement project initiative is to replace the Legacy mainframe system applications.

Highlights:
Verified front-end Total Debit and credit account values should match.
Verified front-end GLS 15000 Report developed from the mainframe.
Verified online web Source file accounts and Values with various Reports like Report 28 & 29
Environment: Mainframe, MS.Net, ALM (HP QC), TOAD, JIRA, SQL, Oracle, XML, MS Excel 2013, MSWord 2013, MS Access 2013, Windows XP, MS SharePoint.

Project-3: Foreign Exchange Portal (Capital market)- Jan’12-Dec ‘12

FX Portal supports the Creation and publishing of both the Cash and Fund bulletins, along with the functionality around producing the bulletins such as setting up the currencies and their limits and spreads. New DCC(Daily cash currencies) screens added to the FX portal screens that will support the creation and publishing of DCC bulletins along with the functionality. The purpose of the project was to add new DCC screens to the FX portal and that will allow the user to reconcile Base 24 transactions, WSS bulk deals are created using Base 24 transactions and Master card records.

Highlights:
Formulation of Test Plan, Test cases, Test Data, and Test scripts using Quality Center.
Involved in various phases of Agile Methodologies.
Verified the system calculated the Rates for each issuance currency, tier, and currency pair based on the parameters provided by the user
Verified system publish start and End parameters specified in the FX Portal and publish the bulletin until the close of business
Validated Wallstreet systems (WSS) Reconciliation Report
Validated Wallstreet systems (WSS) Exception Report
Validated Foreign Exchange (FX) Admin screen, Currency List screen, and Bulletin Rules screen.
Validated Master card Reconciliation Report and Exception Report
Environment: Java, ALM (HP QC), JIRA, J2EE, Web Logic, Mainframe, UNIX, Oracle 10g DB2, SQL. Windows 7, MS Office 2013

Project-4: Equity/Market Linked GIC’s (ELGIC/MLGIC) (wealth management)- Jun ‘11 – Dec ‘11

Wholesale Banking & Consumer Deposits is launching a New Equity/Market Linked GIC's. Market-Linked GICs offer the best of both worlds the security of a GIC and the growth potential of the equity markets. The product is available for sales in Non-Redeemable Term 3 & 5 years On Non-Registered Personal GIC's, RRSP, and TFSA.

Highlights:
Verified DVP input data should match with the Product Report.
Verified DVP input data should match with Bundle central reports-balances and Percentage.
Performed various kinds of tests like Integration, Functional, and Regression testing.
Extensively tested 3 and 5 years of Non-Redeemable personal GIC's, RRSP, and TFSA.
Tested source to target data mappings using SQL commands
Environment: Mainframe, ALM (MQC), TOAD, SQL, Oracle, XML, MS office 2013, Windows XP, Windows 7

Project-5: HST calculations (Finance)- Jan ‘11 – Jun ‘11

Harmonized Sales Tax (HST) validates various tax changes to different provinces like QC, BC, and PEI. The province of Prince Edward Island (PEI) has announced their intention to harmonize their Provincial Sales Tax (PST) with the Federal Goods and Services Tax (GST) into a single blended sales tax (HST) and the province of BC roll back from HST to GST and PST. Quebec has harmonized their Provincial Sales Tax (QST) with the Federal Goods and Services Tax (GST) such that they will now follow the GST/HST rules with respect to Financial Services and they will continue to administer the GST and QST as separate taxes.

Project-6: CORE Application (Wealth management/Investment)- Jan ‘10 – Dec ‘10

The core is a window-based application. This comprises three applications- RSP, RIF, TFSA.CORE is the book Of record for CIBC's RSP, RIF, and TFSA, It has a User Interface used by various users in the CIBC Core batch process that runs daily and gets files from CIBC's internal COINS System. These files get uploaded into the CORE System on a daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly basis. Using FTOL to test the application in the Front end.

Project-7: SIEBEL CRM Data (Wealth management)- Jul’09 –Dec ‘09

The data migration for Siebel CRM is in process. All the data which is greater than 7 yrs are Purged and the data which is less than 7 years are archived. A Purge and archive batch is run every day to ensure that the batch is migrating the right data to purge and Archive. The main objective of this Data migration is to ensure that no data is lost and all the Service requests present in Siebel CRM are archive and purged with all the attachments.
Contact this candidate