Sr. ETL QA Engineer
Srinivas Pulletikurthi +1-470-***-**** ad7j25@r.postjobfree.com ConnectonLinkedin

Summary
Around 13+ years of extensive experience as a Software Quality Assurance Analyst in different domains like Auditing, AML Fraud, Retail, Healthcare, Banking and Insurance services.
Having relevant experience on ETL Testing & MDM Testing, API Testing, Report Testing,
Mainframes, Database and Functional Testing.
Strong experience in ETL testing as per the Data Mapping document – validating the data source, data target, and the respective business rules.
Having experience on Designing SQL queries based on the transformation rules.
Good experience on analysing and executing the stored procedures.
Having experience with mappings from varied transformation logics in Informatica, DataStage and ADF, AWS . Worked with Control-M, Automic & Airflow scheduler to run the batch jobs.
Extensive experience on Data Modelling in Data Warehousing.
Worked on multiple databases SQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Snowflake, Netezza and Toad.
Good experience in using webservices like Swagger, Postman, Fiddler, RestAPI,SOAP UI.
Proficiency in understanding business processes involved in testing of projects.
Experience in extensive testing in MDM from prelanding to BO tables.
Automation knowledge using selenium IDE/Web driver and testing frameworks.
Worked in Agile methodologies and involved in test creation through developed framework.
User Acceptance cycle testing including creating Test Plans, Analysing output test data.
Strong working experience on Test Management tools VSTS, JIRA, QC, Test Director.
Understanding the requirements for new test initiatives, participate in executing automation scripts.
Execution of selenium test suite and reported defects.
Involved pro-actively in various phases of Software Testing Life Cycle in terms of Testing and Writing Test Cases and Test Cases Execution.
Understanding Software Requirement Specification and identifying the required Test Scenarios for the Projects. And Familiar with data visualization and BI tools like Sigma, Power BI & Tableau.
Good experience in reviewing the Test cases to ensure high quality deliverables and knowledge on AWS services.
Extensively executed SQL queries on oracle tables in order to view successful transaction of data and to validate data.
Involved in preparing Test Strategy and Test plan by understanding the project and system requirements.
Involved in participation of regular weekly project status meetings to discuss the risks involved in ongoing projects with Teammates.
Completed SAFe AGILE certification provided by Scaled Agile

Technical Skills

Testing
Database tools, Mainframes, Selenium, Informatica MDM, Dashboard Reports
Domain Knowledge
Auditing, AML Fraud, Retail, Healthcare, Banking and Insurance services.
Database & Tools
SQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Snowflake, Netezza and Toad.
ETL Tools
Informatica, DataStage & AWS, ADF, IDQ, Query Surge, Control-M, Automic, Airflow, Unix, Putty, Winscp
Test Management Tool
JIRA, Vsts, HP QC and Test Director, qtest, Bitbucket

Academic Profile
Post-Graduation in M.C.A from J.N.T.U University, Passed in 2008 with 75%

Work Experience

US FOODS – Ursi Tech 01/2023 –TillDate
Sr. ETL Tester

Description: USFOODS system testing is to ensure that the customer, sales and product data have been successfully loaded into the appropriate tables of USFOODS databases. It is to perform success and failure bases testing as well as testing for boundary and exception conditions. EMR jobs load to data to aggregate tables.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Actively involved in preparing and executing Test Cases.
Validating the data in various stages of data movement from source to stage and stage to datawarehouse tables.
Exported Manual test cases from MS Excel template directly to Jira and executed test Cases in Quality Center with Pass/Fail/Blocked status
Run the files through AWS by scheduling Airflow dags through Dbt jobs.
Involved in Preparation of Estimates and Test Execution Plan.
Mapping test cases against the requirements and source version control in bitbucket
Prepared Test Scenarios for Complex Iterations and got appreciation for the same from OSC on Coverage perspective.
Involved in System testing to ensure data is accurately loaded as components and database moved.
Identifying key high priority and severity defects, trying to establish root cause for defects and chasing up with appropriate Dev Team for further investigation and resolution

USAA – TekSystems 03/2022 – 12/2022
Senior Test Analyst

Description: AML – Risk score factor aims to monitor data quality in and out of AML systems, build and maintain AML’s analytical and reporting environments, and partner with the business intelligence teams to provide valuable insights into USAA risk appetite and AML’s operation metrics with SAR reports.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Writing SQL statements to test ETL code based on the S2T queries.
Validate migration data from Netezza to snowflake.
Scheduling and triggering pipeline jobs through Data stage and Control-M.
Analysing and validating the stored procedures.
Run the config files and commands in unix as per the requirements.
Test case preparation and execution results update in JIRA with attachments.
Prepared Unit test document for the completed user stories.
Preparation of Test Scenarios & Test Cases, which covers the End-to-End Process.
In daily scrum call, ambiguities need to rectify based on the initial stage in sprint.
GUI testing of the web application making sure the application looks and functions as per requirements.
Validate tableau reports during DQ testing.

EY (Ernst & Young) – Infosys 03/2020 – 01/2022
ETL Test Lead

Description: EYVIA – VIA (Virtual Internal Auditor) aims to become industry leading Internal audit application with continuous risk monitoring and audit execution capability. It is used to execute Internal audit activities for IA Management, Risk Assessment and Monitoring, Audit Planning and Scoping, Audit Execution and Reporting and Communication.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Writing SQL statements to test ETL code based on the data mapping & requirements provided.
Perform extensive data analysis to identity the defects.
Scheduling and triggering pipeline jobs through Azure Data Cycle.
Analysing and validating the stored procedures.
Data migration validation from source to target through Eraptor automation tool.
Test case preparation and execution results update in Azure Devops with attachments.
Prepared Execution procedure document format to prepare the Test cases based on a mapping document.
Preparation of Test Scenarios & Test Cases, which covers the End-to-End Process.
Handling the scrum call on daily basis and as per the estimations assigning work to the team.
Involved in regression test case execution through Selenium.
GUI testing of the web application making sure the application looks and functions as per requirements.
As per the requirement in the user stories validated multiple Power BI reports.

PWC (PricewaterhouseCoopers) - Infosys 01/2017 – 02/2020
ETL Test Lead

Description: Source is PwC's Master Data Management (MDM) system for managing the network’s entity data. Source aggregates and stores entity data from the most reliable and trusted places, both internal PwC systems and external data providers, to build the master golden entity record. Source contains information about entities (including PwC entities) and limited information about PwC partners and staff (obtained from the People MDM), who have responsibilities to the entities in Source (e.g., Global Relationship Partner, AFS contact).

Roles & Responsibilities:
Test data preparation which includes preparation of various data loads with huge volume of data
Test execution which includes ETL Testing, Database Testing, Web Services Testing
Capturing test metrics and QA reporting to project stakeholders
Highlight risks that may be encountered during testing phases and propose mitigation plans
Supporting UAT signoff and performing operational acceptance testing Involved in Functional for executing SQL queries and automation testing.
Tested ETL mappings from source to target through informatica.
Involved in API testing methods include GET, Post, PUT methods and in Test planning, Estimations for Sprints.
Preparation of different sets of test data for all kinds of testing types which are considered in Test Plan.
Performed various PowerBI reports validations.
Involved in Test Data setup activities & Environment readiness and Preparation of Test Strategy documents.
Test planning, allocation of tasks to team, monitor progress

MEDICA - Infosys 07/2015 – 01/2017
ETL Test Analyst

Description: Medica is a health insurance domain. And mission is to be trusted health plan of choice for customers, members, partners and employees. It is to ensure that the data transformation and flow from Health rule Mangers to Dashboard and BO Reports are as per requirements. In order to achieve this below test approach will be followed, validate business transformations are applied correctly before loading the data from landing to staging and target tables. Expire and insert logic is applied correctly.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Identifying the Requirements, sources and evaluating them.
Providing the estimates, test planning. Validate in Informatica and run Automic scheduler.
Validate business transformations are applied correctly before loading the data from landing to staging and to target tables.
Preparing the test cases and getting it reviewed from Business analyst.
Execute queries using which will validate the data in target table against the data from source tables if there is no mismatch then the output of the SQL Query will be zero records.
Validation of data in BOE reports and Dashboard.
Test Execution – system testing, integration testing, and End to End Testing and Regression testing.
Test Execution and Defect Logging in HP ALM.
Created and executed complex SQL queries to perform source to target testing on SQL server database and test results are reviewed in the reporting.

Charles Schwab - Infosys 12/2014 – 07/2015
Test Analyst

Description: The Charles Schwab Corporation is an American brokerage and banking company, the
company changed its name from First Commander Corporation to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. The company started offering discount brokerage on May 1, 1975, and became one of the worlds & 39th largest discount brokers. Schwab operates in four main divisions: investing, wealth management, banking, and trading.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Involved in Functional testing for Web applications and database tool.
Involved in MongoDB database testing.
Analysing the requirements and posting the queries to Clients for clarification.
Participated in identifying the required Test scenarios as per the document.
Preparing the DSRs and WSRs and circulating to Clients to know status on project
execution.
Preparing the test scenarios and test cases and reviewing the test cases prepared by team and participating in daily Scrum calls to discuss about the defects raised.
Performing major transactions like creating policies, updating and changing the policy
details using mainframes.
Logging the defects in Microsoft Visual Studio, preparing the defect log for all the
defects found.
Updating the daily status to onsite with test results and defects status
Executing the test cases in Microsoft Visual Studio and Reporting the test results.

AIG (American International Group) - Capgemini 01/2013 – 12/2014
Associate Consultant

Description: American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international insurance organization serving customers in more than 130 countries. The company operates through two segments: AIG Property Casualty and AIG Life and Retirement One Life Project is to streamline system Operations and eliminate redundancy in the multiple systems between AGL and AGLA.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Involved in Functional testing for Web, Mainframes applications
Involved in DB2 Testing using File Aid, TSO and SPUFI.
Analysing the requirements and posting the queries to Clients for clarification.
Participated in identifying the required Test scenarios as per the document.
Preparing the DSRs and WSRs and circulating to Clients to know status on project execution.
Preparing the test scenarios and test cases and reviewing the test cases prepared by team.
Performing major transactions like creating policies, updating and changing the policy details using mainframes.
Logging the defects in QC, preparing the defect log for all the defects found
Updating the daily status to onsite with test results and defects status
Executing the test cases in QC and documenting the test results
Participating in daily calls to discuss about the defects raised by the team

CNA (Continental Assurance Company of North America) – Capgemini 12/2011 – 01/2013
Associate Consultant

Description: CNA Insurance is a leading Commercial Insurance company with products ranging from Workers Compensation, Property Insurance, Commercial Auto, Umbrella, Connect and many more. The online component provides support for most of the common underwriting needs like new business, endorsement, renewal, cancellation, quoting etc. Premium for a policy can be quoted and viewed in real time. The batch cycle performs functions like issue, accounting & balancing, print setup, reporting and feeding data to other subsystems.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding the Business requirements, Functional specifications, workflows diagrams and change Requests.
Functional walkthrough for BNRs with functional team members.
Creating Test Scenarios, Test Cases based on User Specifications
Involved in the functional, regression and test case authoring and execution.
Performing Defect analysis, review and reporting.
Helps the team members in understanding the critical functionalities to meet the targets on time.
Handling the module ownership and sending the status reports to onsite coordinator.
Involved in all kind of Reviews.
Tracking, Reviewing and reporting the defects in HP QC.

DLG (Direct Line Group) - Capgemini 04/2010 – 12/2011
Associate Consultant

Description: Direct Line Insurance Group is a leading insurance business which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. The company was originally established as the insurance division of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. The Group owns a number of general insurance brands operating within the United Kingdom, Italy and Germany primarily, including Direct Line, Churchill, and Green Flag. As a part of the FSA Rename, all the occurrences of FSA name & FSA related text will have to be modified with newly provided FCA/PRA name and text on all relevant documentation, systems, and websites as soon as it approved in the House of Lords.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Functional and Regression testing In Mainframes applications.
Analysing the requirements and posting the queries to Client-side SME for clarifications.
Preparing the test scenarios and test cases and reviewing the test cases prepared by team.
Creating Negative and Positive Related Policies in CICS Region.
Understanding the change requests coming in and modifying the Test strategy and Test Approach.
Modifying the test scenarios and test cases according to CRs raised. Involve in Weekly Status meeting for Tracking the Defects.
Identifying the test Cases for Pre-Code and Shake down testing.
Daily Status meeting with Onsite coordinator and team.
Re-testing the issues which got fixed in the current build and updating the defects status.
Participating in daily Scrum calls to discuss about the defects raised by the team.
Contact this candidate