Darpan S Patel
QA Engineer
ad7p2b@r.postjobfree.com 732-***-****
SUMMARY
Strong and passionate QA Automation Engineer with 6 years of experience and excellent communication, software analysis, and technical skills seeking to thrive in a team-oriented environment. Extensive Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Testing Methodologies like Agile, Spiral, Rapid Application Development (RAD), and Waterfall Model. Experienced in SQA (Software Quality Assurance) including Manual and Automated testing with tools such as Selenium WebDriver/IDE, TestNG, JIRA, REST ASSURED, POSTMAN, ALM and SOAP UI. Good experience in creating automation framework along with developing, executing and maintaining automation testing script with Selenium WebDriver.
Work experience in developing automation test scripts in BDD, POM frameworks and analyze test results and create defects.
Experienced in web user interface automation testing with Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Cucumber and TestNG frameworks.
Ability to locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CSS elector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags. Experienced in handling dynamic Drop-down, Auto-suggestive Drop-down, Radio buttons, Calendar UI, Alerts, and switching between a parent & child windows.
Experienced in testing and handling different frames (frames, iframes) of a HTML page with having different DOM's for every iframe.
Experienced in handling broken links and inter application links (page redirects to respective URL's) in development, test and production environments.
Experienced in using Apache POI to read the data from external sources like Excel files in order to perform Data Driven Testing from TestNG DataProvider.
Experienced in handling Ajax Requests and synchronization in Selenium using implicit and explicit wait conditions. Experienced in using Selenium Utility Methods provided by Selenium APIs to Capture Screen shots of failed Test Cases. Experienced in using Maven Plugin to integrate with TestNG to create Profiles for Tests. Experienced in BDD using Cucumber with Senarios, Scenario Outlines, Hooks and Tags. Experience in testing Mobile Apps using Android Studio and Real Devices to test the application using Appium and Appium Desktop.
Expertise in creating Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), Daily/Weekly Status Report, Defect Report and Project Report.
Excellent experience in developing Test Scenarios, Test cases, Test Scripts and Test reports for Manual as well as Automated testing for various applications to ensure proper business compliance. Extensive experience in GUI, Regression, Functional, Integration, System, User Acceptance (UAT), Sanity, Performance, Stress, Reliability, compatibility, Cross Browser, Security and Database Testing. Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision and also perform as part of a team.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver/IDE, Cucumber, SOAP UI, REST API, Postman, Appium, REST ASSURED
Languages JAVA, Java Script, HTML, XML
Test Framework TestNG, Data Driven Framework, MVC
Build Tools Ant, Maven
Continuous Integration Tools Jenkins
Processes Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Bug Tracking Tools JIRA, Quality Center (QC)/ALM
Source Version Control Tool Subversion (SVN), Git
Operating Systems Windows, iOS, Android
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ACNB Bank QA Engineer
Gettysburg, PA Feb 2023 – Till Date
Developed modular & robust automation framework using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG and Java. Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium Web Driver& created Data Driven framework using TestNG.
Performed Selenium Synchronization using Explicit & Implicit waits. Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run parallel testing by creating Groups, and categorizing test cases. Created test reports generated out of TestNG and captured the error screenshots. Used Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically. Implemented Automated execution of tests (nightly and need based) using Maven and Jenkins. Responsible for creating and building the API automation framework (Integration Test) Services LLC using Java, Rest Assured and TestNG platform.
Created data-driven automation scripts for testing REST API Web Services using REST Assured. Developed manual and automated test cases to validate RESTful API web service. Developed re-usable function using TestNG for the Test Automation. Used BDD Cucumber by creating the Features and Step Definition files to execute test scripts. Created automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver and Java and involved in resolving existing test script issues in Selenium WebDriver.
Worked on Capturing Screenshots on Failure or Pass to analyze the test failure reason. Coordinated with application team to ensure resolution of all issues and completion of work on time. REST API testing using Postman on production post release. Performed Web Services Testing and validation by creating test case suite using REST ASSURED. Worked with the SQL statements to extract data from SQL tables and verify the output data of the reports on the browser page.
Used CSS Selector to identify objects.
Partnered with development to attain optimum quality of software. Developed automation test cases, executed these test scripts from test lab and logged defects in JIRA. Played a key role in production releases and perform UAT test of the system. Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, TestNG, Maven, Cucumber, Jenkins, REST ASSURED, POSTMAN, JIRA, SQL, Windows.
TUMI QA Engineer
South Plainfield, NJ Oct 2021 – Jan 2023
Preparing and executing Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scripts to verify reliability, accuracy, and compatibility of application.
Automation testing covered functionality, performance, GUI of all the components of the website Automated test cases using Selenium WebDriver, Java and running test script using Selenium with Java and TestNG framework.
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework. Created test cases, scripts based on functional specification, prepared test data for simultaneous and combined Trade testing.
Involved in testing Web services with REST ASSURED, POSTMAN and used this tool to locate WSDL file on internet, create Test cases and run them.
Developed script and performed Web Services testing using REST ASSURED tool for functional and regression testing. Used BDD Cucumber by creating the Features and Step Definition files to execute test scripts. Developed Test cases manually and generated Automation Scripts using open source tools like Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Maven and Jenkins.
Developed test automation scripts using TestNG for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.
Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite. Involved in executing SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures, functions and packages for backend testing. Used SQL Queries to verify the data from the Oracle database. Implemented test automation scripts for mobile testing using Appium for Android and iOS applications. Used Appium tool, for mobile testing in Android, IOS and other mobile applications. Involved in creating automation test suites for progression & regression testing in REST ASSURED. Executed test cases compared with expected values and pass/fail reports updated through JIRA. Identifying and tracked bugs via JIRA. Bugs compiled were communicated to developer. Meeting with customers and business analysts to define requirements.
Involved in Unit testing, test case development and regression testing using TESTNG for web based application. Developed and executed SQL queries in the database to conduct Data integrity testing by checking the data tables on the server.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing). Interacted with development and product management teams for the quick resolution of reported bugs and various technical issues.
Working closely with the Developers in the review and modification of the product and its specifications using Agile-testing methodology.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, REST ASSURED, Cucumber, POSTMAN, Jenkins, Agile, Appium, JavaScript, JIRA, SQL, Oracle, Windows.
Frontier Community Bank QA Automation Engineer
Waynesboro, VA Jan 2020 – Sep 2021
Involved in Regression testing using Selenium and Creation of automation scripts for web pages Developed automated Test cases in Java using Selenium WebDriver. Created user defined functions in Java and implemented the functionality with Selenium. Understanding requirement and developing end to end automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG framework.
Find, isolate, document, regress, and track bugs through resolution via JIRA. Designed, developed and implemented Test Driven automation testing framework utilizing Java in Eclipse Conducted Test Case Walkthroughs to achieve consensus on Test Case correctness & completeness Executed and managed functional, integration, and system test cases. Wrote test cases to handle Alerts on the web page. Involved in using Maven build tool to manage framework dependency jar files in POM.xml. Used automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using Selenium.
Executed REST based web services API testing (Java client and SoapUI). Added many front-end automation tests and BDD steps using Cucumber specification framework, TestNG, Appium and Java which decreased 75% of manual testing.
Created and executed automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver/Cucumber framework for Web App and Appium / Cucumber for Mobile App.
Worked on the Android module of the project where I was responsible for automating the app using Appium. Used Selenium WebDriver for automating of Cross Browser Testing on IE, Firefox, Safari and Chrome. Worked directly with analysts and developers to investigate software defects. Clarify requirements based on reviewing work flows and document findings and decisions. Worked closely with team QA to develop comprehensive Rest API test strategy. Involved in the Smoke testing whenever the build is deployed. Created JavaScript (.js) using describe, it, promise, resolve, reject, done, expect and assertions for REST API Validations like POST, PUT, GET and DELETE.
Automated more than 355 new unique Manual Test Cases for both Frontend and Backend of the application. Using Jenkins Continuous Integration Tools, trigger CRON Job to run daily sanity smoke test scripts in different environments like Dev and QA Environment.
Using Postman validated REST API Web Service Call by sending JSON Request and JSON Response. Used JIRA for defect tracking. Based on priority/Severity of defects coordinated with dev team and make sure bugs were fixed on time.
Working closely with the Developers in the review and modification of the product and its specifications using Agile-testing methodology.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Soap UI, Appium, Jenkins, Agile, POSTMAN, JavaScript, JIRA, SQL, Oracle, Windows.
ProSight Specialty Insurance QA Engineer
Morristown, NJ May 2018 – Dec 2019
Analyzed Business Requirements Documents to get better understanding of the system both on technical and business perspectives.
Analysis and preparation of Regression testing Plan. Worked with data team in terms of loan conditioning or data requests. Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven).
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms. Developed custom libraries for automation using JAVA &Selenium WebDriver. Created Java based scripts for Selenium WebDriver with TestNG as automation frame work. Developed automated tests in partnership with developers for continuous regression testing and reducing manual testing using Selenium, TestNG, and Maven.
Involved in creation of automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber. Extensively used Selenium (data-driven, XPath locator) and WebDriver to test the web application. Created automation scripts in SoapUI using Groovy Script for web services testing. Monitored the test execution in Jenkins once the code pushed into Continuous Integration. Involved in Defect Management, Defect Review and Defect Status Reporting using JIRA. Performed Regression testing on new builds, every modification in the application using Selenium WebDriver. Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, Jenkins, Soap UI, TestNG, Cucumber, Agile (Scrum) methodology, JIRA, SQL, XML, Maven, Windows.
Contact this candidate