Usharani Ede
+1-408-***-**** ad7qlb@r.postjobfree.com
QA Automation/SDET Engineer

Professional Summary:
Dedicated and results-oriented 7+ Years of Automation & Manual Test Engineer with a proven track record in creating, executing, and managing automation test scripts. Adept at communicating effectively with stakeholders to identify automation opportunities and proficient in setting up automation equipment. Seeking a challenging role that leverages my skills and expertise to contribute to the success of the team. Highly skilled QA Automation Engineer with expertise in Cypress, JavaScript, Rest Assured, and SQL. Proven track record of setting up automation frameworks from scratch in Selenium. Proficient in complex end-to-end testing, particularly with Rest Assured. Extensive experience in database testing using SQL. Adept at working across multiple applications to ensure comprehensive test coverage.
Experience in Software Testing in both Manual & Automation in web application, client/server specializing in software Assurance Testing and QA Automation Engineer.
Experience in designing and creating Automation frameworks for Web, SOAP, REST applications using Java, Selenium Web Driver and BDD Cucumber.
Having working experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and testing methodologies like Waterfall & Agile/Scrum.
Excellent experience in Sanity, Functional, Regression, System, Acceptance, Smoke, User Interface testing (UAT).
Experience in Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test Data, Test Case, Test Result and Traceability Matrix in HP ALM Quality Center Tool.
Experience in validating Regular and Ajax control using Selenium locators (Xpath, CSS, id and name).
Hands-on experience in XPath, Firebug, Fire Path and TESTNG annotations.
Good experience on testing web services (SOAP, REST) using SOAP UI and Postman
Tested the SOAP and RESTFUL Web Services using SoapUI tool. Responsible for maintaining code using SVN, GIT and performing build verification using Maven.
Experience includes development of automated regression test scripts using selenium, protractor, cypress and jasmine, mocha framework with Java, JavaScript, Scala and JSON.
Good Experience in automation testing framework designing & coding using UFT/ QTP, Ruby Cucumber with selenium & Java Cucumber with Selenium.
Proficiency with use of Visual Studio Online (VSO), Confidential Test Manager and HP QC.
Experienced in creating Automated Web services testing processes using SoapUI NG Pro tool and Karate DSL framework.
Strong in API testing using tools like Soap UI Pro, Espresso tool, Advanced REST client etc.
Experience in developing end-to-end automation using ANT, Jenkins, WebDriverIO, WebServices (REST, SOAP), and Rest Sharp. Experience in writing SQL Queries for backend/ETL testing.
Experience in working with open-source tools Selenium (IDE/WebDriver/GRID), HP Quality Center, J unit, Test NG, Eclipse, Espresso tool and preparation of automation test framework.
Strong Experience on client-side JavaScript tests with Karma and Mocha and used Jasmine, protractor, Behavior driven development framework for testing JavaScript and Angular JS code.
Involved in developing the automation script for Mobile Native applications (IOS, Android) using Appium, Java.
Integrated Appium with Sauce Labs for distributing tests on the cloud.
Experience in protractor, QTP Automation, load and performance testing tool JMeter, Load Runner and mobile automation testing tool Appium.
Proficient understanding of XML and JSON formats, facilitating effective data manipulation and analysis in testing scenarios.
Experience with car infotainment systems, demonstrating a specialized knowledge base in automotive technology.
Familiarity with various automation tools, enhancing versatility in test automation processes.
Expertise in smartphone automation using Selenium, Appium, or similar tools, enabling comprehensive testing across mobile platforms.
Expertise in using Tools Mercury/HP Quality Center, Bugzilla and JIRA.
Good knowledge in Automation of Backend services (RESTFUL) using Java.
Experience in Continuous integration tools like Maven, Jenkins Tools.
Created unit tests using C# & JavaScript and visual studio (test framework) and executed them.
Experience in Functional Testing, Data Driven Testing, Load Testing and Validating WSDL using SOAPUI tool and Espresso tool.
Hands on experience in working with tools such as Selenium WebDriver/RC/IDE/GRID, HP Quick Test Professional QTP/UFT, Junit/TestNG, Quality Center (QC), SOAP UI, JMeter, JIRA, Maven, Jenkins.
Experience in creating user stories in Product backlog and maintaining Sprint backlog.
Demonstrated excellence in communication, enabling the establishment and maintenance of strong relationships with team members and stakeholders.
Proficient in working with Agile methodology, ensuring efficient collaboration and adaptability in dynamic work environments.
Consistently achieved milestones, showcasing a strong commitment to project success and timely delivery.

Professional Skills:

Testing Tools
Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Cucumber BDD, QTP.
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux/ Unix
RDBMS
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL
Bug Tracking Tools
Quality Center, JIRA, HP ALM
API Testing:
SOAP UI, Postman
Testing Methodologies
Waterfall, Agile-Scrum
Programming Languages
Java, C#, Python, JavaScript, Html, CSS
Test Framework:
TestNG, Junit, Selenium, Cypress, Cucumber
Cloud Technologies
AWS, Azure, EC2, Cloud Watch
Databases:
SQL Server, MySQL.
Types of Testing:
Manual Testing, UI Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Black
Box Testing, White Box Testing, Functional Testing, Performance Testing, Migration testing and Ad-hoc testing

Education:

B. Tech in Information Technology from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University 2010

Professional Experience:

Wells Fargo - Region bank, San Leandro, CA April 2023 – Till Date
Sr.QA Automation Engineer.
Responsibilities:

Successfully established automation frameworks from scratch using Cypress and JavaScript, enabling efficient and reliable testing processes.
Conducted complex end-to-end testing utilizing Cypress, demonstrating a keen attention to detail and a deep understanding of testing methodologies.
Implemented robust API testing with Rest Assured, ensuring thorough coverage of backend functionalities.
Conducted comprehensive database testing using SQL, Identifying and resolving data-related issues in a timely manner.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless testing across multiple applications, facilitating effective communication and problem-solving.
Created automated script for REST-API testing using Rest Assured framework.
Automated the API services using Karate DSL framework for Unit Testing, Integration Testing and Regression Testing. Involved in Developing QTP/UFT Scripts and executing these tests in Quality Center.
Responsible for preparing test scripts using Cucumber Framework (BDD) using interface Visual Studio Code and running test on Selenium WebDriver using Python ver. 3.10.0. Create a behave.ini file in your repo that will contain information (such as usernames and passwords, default browser, default env) that should not be stored in a repo.
Involved in running Selenium automation scripts and updating the scripts according to enhanced requirements using Selenium WebDriver and Python.
Developed framework from the scratch for using Cypress to automate UI and used Java script, NodeJS and NPM for Angular based user interface.
Performed automation tests using JavaScript, Jasmine and Protractor to perform UI testing.
Used multimachine to perform load testing on AWS lambda.
Prepared Test Cases based on ETL Specification Document, Use Cases, Low Level Design document.
Verified the ETL scripts in the Target Database before moving the cube to SQL Server (Oracle).
Performed control testing to detect and mitigate risks, ensuring that all preventative measures are implemented to maintain efficient business operations.

Environment: Appium, IOS, Cypress, Android Studio, Automation Testing, Test Script Development, Agile Methodology, XML, JSON, Selenium, Appium, Espresso tool, Microsoft Test Manager 2010, Selenium Web driver, Selenium Grid, TestNG, JUnit, Jenkins. C#, Java, AWS.

Hitachi Vantara, Santa Clara CA july 2019–Mar 2023
SDET/ QA Automation Engineer Responsibilities:
Prepared Test Plan, test Cases, Test scripts and Test Metrics for the application as well as for the database verification based on the functional requirements, portal redesigned and test specs.
Used JavaScript and JQuery to work with DOM for automation.
Participated in daily SCRUM meetings and meetings involved in QA planning, coordination, and implementation of QA methodology.
Worked in Agile environment, with an ability to accommodate and test the newly proposed changes at any point of time during the release.
Involved in designing and implementing of hybrid automation framework to be used with Rest Assured and Maven using TestNG framework.
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, VPC, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto-scaling groups.
Experienced in Selenium Data-Driven and Protractor Framework with core Java programming.
Performed white-box testing of ETL-oriented applications written in C#, Transact-SQL and Visual Basic .NET.
Migrate the legacy applications to Microsoft Azure cloud using DevOps tools like GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, Nexus, Azure DevOps, Docker, Terraform and SonarQube. Support/Upgrade/Patch the legacy systems and production support.
Experienced with Agile (Scrum) methodology approach and follow-up with JIRA.
Developed and maintained automation framework using Xamarin UI Test Library in Visual Studio.
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL database and proficient in backend testing using SQL queries.
Performed black box, white box, and regression testing of Classic ASP.Net applications.
Works collaboratively and proactively with QA Team. Development Kanban teams and other to troubleshoot and resolve bugs.
Created API test scripts using Rest assured & BDD framework.
Performed Automation testing POC initially using Ruby Cucumber & UFT tool.
Used Protractor for End-to-end Automation testing for Angular JS applications and writing java scripts.
Used emulators and IOS simulators to perform the manual Mobile Testing. Used Appium, X code for Native Mobile Application automation testing for iOS and Android platform, on real devices.
Performed code migration to Azure DevOps Git.
Created feature files and scenarios using BDDSpec Flow capabilities in Visual studio as part of Xamarin Automation.
POC was performed on Ruby Cucumber & UFT, but finally UFT was chosen to continue the automation testing.
Firebase CLI, REST API, Node.js, JavaScript and python scripting to access production Firebase Database, cloud API, compute engine, Confidential Cloud TPUs, Kubernetes and docker.
Performed automation using Spring Cloud contract for integrating automation scripts with development code base which can be used for Unit Testing and Integration Testing.
Used Maven for building the Rest-Assured project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Manage builds and releases for Confidential Symphony Cloud and for vMS Hybrid Cloud solutions for Platform-as-aservice with OpenStack, Docker, Kafka, Microsoft Azure, and Cloud Foundry, AWS.
Executed BDD (Behavior Driven Development), ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions.
Support Application migration from Mod Perl based Linux application to Windows based .NET application, Java, JavaScript / Angular, Apache
Responsible for creating test scenarios for user stories and creating automation test suites using Python, Selenium Web driver, Pytest framework.
Create/Maintain application build templates and definitions using TFS, C# and PowerShell and Git.
Expertise in mobile testing using Appium on real and virtual devices and in Perfecto Mobile which is a cloud based mobile testing.
Created XML based TestNG test suit and integrated with Jenkins Server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in different test environments with different test configurations.
Generated a library of test cases by querying JIRA using a Python script that extracted Reproduction Steps from all project-related tickets.
Used Git repository for efficient remote team working, also stored the framework and all the developed test cases.
Used automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using Selenium.
Performed Automation for regression using Selenium WebDriver for UI screens.
Involved in REST based web services testing using SOAP UI web services testing tool.
Used Jira for bug tracking and reporting, also followed up with development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.
Created automation scripts in SOAP UI using Groovy Script for web services testing.
Involved in designing scenarios in JMeter to perform Load and Stress tests and to analyze results.
Integrated JMeter with maven for continuous integration with Jenkins.
Execution of manual API Testing using Postman.
Create and update the Devops configurations for setting up Dev/QA/Prod environments using PowerShell and Ruby.
Involved in automation testing for iOS native app using XCTest and swift.
Worked on Android/IOS Mobile native application testing by using Appium, Android SDK, Xcode tools and executed the automated test scripts.
Firebase CLI, REST API, Node.js, JavaScript and python scripting to access production Firebase Database, GCloud API, compute engine, Confidential Cloud TPUs, Kubernetes and docker.
Used TOAD, DB Artisan tools to connect to Oracle Database to validate data that was populated by ETL Applications.
Developed and implemented Page Object Model based on the automation-testing framework by using JavaScript, Protractor and BDD using Jasmine automation testing framework.
Developed and executed SQL queries to verify the proper insertion, deletion and updates into the Oracle supporting tables and cubes.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing).

Environment: Java, Python, C#, Node JS, Selenium Web Driver, Kubernetes, ETL, REST API, SOAP UI, Groovy, Appium, Jmeter, Agile, Kanban methodologies,

Apple, Sunnyvale CA March 2018 – June 2019
SDET Test Engineer Responsibilities:
Worked as an SDET to create initial test plan, test cases, test documentation and test validation requirements for BI reports. Involved installing and managing different automation and monitoring tools.
Used Autosar to develop Systems Applications inside the Radio Platform.
Developed JAVA Test Scripts for automation of the entire installation process using the TDD (Test Driven Development) approach.
Handled Dynamic Table Object using VB Script. Used File system object and various user define environmental variable in QTP.
Wrote python scripts to read and write from csv files to database using Django ORM.
Work in Agile environment and provide black box testing for Salesforce CRM features.
Design and implement a test automation framework to support the testing process for Microservices and AWS environments.
Written templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
Developed Test Cases to implement BDD (Behavior Driven Development), ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions.
Experience in writing UNIX Shell-Scripts and Used Python for scripting language.
Responsible for analysis, design and Java Developer with Automated Testing (SDET), standards and best practices for current and emerging technology patterns within the enterprise in support of various software development lifecycle methodologies.
Used SOAP UI and Espresso tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API.
Developed and performed BDD Automation Framework which uses Cucumber, Gherkin with Selenium WebDriver by reading test data from Excel files using Apache POI.
A dynamic and a result oriented SDET (Java and JavaScript)/QA Analyst s of experience in various domains including HealthCare, Banking, Insurance and Ecommerce. Automating Angular JS applications by using Protractor, Jasmine and Karma using Java script.
Worked on Data parameterizing the test data for the Rest assured framework.
Automated database scenarios using Selenium WebDriver with Java and JDBC API.
Managing security groups on AWS and custom monitoring using cloud watch.
Used Quality Center for bug tracking and reporting and followed up with the development team to verify bug fixes and update bug status.
Worked existing Selenium Automation Framework with C# .NET using Data Driven Testing and MS Test.
Participated in Stand-up meeting, walkthrough meeting, and weekly automation meeting with all other QA, weekly assessment meetings with developers.
Developed features and test scripts using BDD (Behavior driven development) in Cucumber.
Developed Test Frameworks in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and when necessary, and potentially execute Unit Test Automation (Java /TestNG).
Used AWS to deploy the project on EC2 instance. Implementation of the Business logic layer for MongoDB Services.
Transitioned software development efforts to a test-driven development (TDD) process, which brought QA testing in on the front-end of the development cycle for gains in code quality, software functionality and programmer productivity.
Defect Tracking and Management using JIRA and Documented validation/verification results in Test Analysis Report.
Conducted database testing for the application by writing and executing SQL queries. Environment: Agile, Selenium Web Driver/IDE, Hp QC, Espresso tool, Java, TestNG, Java, .Net, Firebug, Fire path, HTML, XML, SOAP UI, RESTFUL, SOAP, MySQL, JUnit, SQL, UNIX, MAVEN, Bugzilla, Oracle, SQL, Windows, VB Script.

LG SOFT INDIA, BANGALORE INDIA Dec 2010- Aug2013
Android Developer
Project – Smartphone Model (E405), Smartphone Model (E400) This Project is LG mobile software on Google Android 2.3(GB) which requires the deep understanding of Android Architecture. Our team is extensively involved in the Project Implementation and Bug Fixing for Arab regions and worked on different modules like Bluetooth and media and settings module.
Responsibilities:
Had done Bug fixing for settings module of Date time settings-date format, time zone issues etc
Bluetooth module issues got fixed by our team.
Performed porting from GB to ICS version.
Worked on android TV’s, WebOS TV, performed API Testing
Good understanding on android life cycle
Worked on CA related issues.
Contact this candidate