Chey
Sr. Automation Engineer/QA Tester/ Defect Coordinator
Work authorization Status: Permanent Residence (GC)
Education: Bachelor’s in computer science/2005
Ph: 913-***-****
Cvr555gmail.com

OBJECTIVE:
Progressively develop a career in QA field and implement testing process & quality standards for manual and automation testing.
SUMMARY:
As a QA Analyst / Automation Tester have ten plus years of experience in all phases of software lifecycle, developing Test Cases, Test Plan and Automation test scripts using ALM, Octane, HP(Mercury)Quick Test Professional (QTP), UFT, SELENIUM and Client/Server, Windows, Web Services and Web based applications.
SPECIFIC EXPERTISE:
●Extensive knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software
Testing Life Cycle (STLC)
●Expertise in Manual and Automated Testing in different testing methodologies like Agile, Scrum, Waterfall etc.
●Interacting with a development team in an agile development environment.
●Experienced in Requirement Analysis, Test Planning, Test data Preparation, Test Script development, Execution, Defect Reporting and Documentation.
●Proficient in writing and executing Test Plans, Test Cases, Bug Reporting and
Tracking Defects.
●Experience in using test management tools like Test Director, Quality Center (QC) and ALM.
●Proficient in Test Automation using UFT (Formerly QTP) and Selenium Tools.
●Strong Experience in Automating Web Application Testing using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG framework.
●Writing Test cases using Element locators, WebDriver methods, Java programming features and TestNG Annotations
●Experience in Cucumber with BDD Framework.
●Proven success in meeting or exceeding customer needs as an individual contributor and as team member.
●Excellent VB Script for QTP, UFT. Scripting Knowledge of Mercury’s “Test script Language” (TSL)
●Experience in using IntelliJ, Eclipse IDE’s, Test NG, and GitHub.
●Good Experience in writing XPath to locate web elements.
●Involved in Writing, Updating, and maintaining the Test documents for various stages of Testing for reference and auditing purpose.
●Experience in Writing and executing the SQL statements.
●Experience in Playwright and TestRail, JMeter.
●Attending Project Planning, Design Review, Test Planning and Status review calls and providing the status reports to the QA manager on Project Status.
●Experience in all levels of Testing such as Positive testing, Negative testing, Integration Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, GUI Testing, Regression Testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Browser testing.
●Excellent skills in overall Defect Management/Problem Solving including tracking Bugs, reporting using ALM and, JIRA.
●Good Knowledge in testing web-based applications which are developed with Siebel, Sales force, .NET and JAVA technologies.
●Created Technical design documents, scope documents.
●Good Communication, interpersonal, and Teamwork skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Defect Tracking Tools Test Director, Quality Center, ALM, JIRA
Languages Java, VB Script, JavaScript, PHP, Python, C, C++
Testing Tools QTP 10, 11, UFT 12, 14.02, 15.02 Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ
Operating System Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP, UNIX
Databases: Oracle, DB2 and SQL Server

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Federal Reserve Bank (Remote) Apr 2022 to May 2024
Sr Quality Assurance Analyst

Roles and Responsibilities
Worked on Agile Methodologies, SAFe by following regular sprint cycles with active in all sprint meetings with developers, Scrum master and Product Owner.
Responsible for User stories and creating test cases based on the Mock up’s provided in User stories.
Involved in documenting the Test plan, Test cases, Traceability Matrix and defect reports.
Worked closely with application development and other technical teams to understand how changes in the software product affect maintenance of test scripts.
Co-ordination between Technology and Business to ensure all the outstanding issues are being addressed, fixed and retested.
Performed smoke, regression testing to make sure the application conforms to the requirement specifications.
Supported UAT testing by clarifying queries related to Business requirements.
Lead User Acceptance Testing, Quality Assurance Testing, together with the review of User stories, tracked defects to the resolution, validated the test results and creating documents that supports repeatable best practices and processes.
Tracked project status including build releases and requirement changes with data analysis.
Conducted peer review sessions for test scripts / test cases and gain approvals. Escalate issues to the project manager in a timely manner.
Facilitated defect triage calls with development, Business teams and acted like a single point of contact between Development, Business and QA team. Ensure timely delivery of various testing milestones and deliverables.
Working on Agile (SCRUM) methodology and using Jira for defect tracking.
Worked on the Jira tickets, attended Retrospective meeting updated ticket statuses.
Developed test cases and test scripts for enhancements and new features
Participated in developing test strategies, test plans and test estimates.
Identified defects and communicated them to the project team.
Working experience on multiple projects.
Updated and Validated Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) for test coverage.
Developed manual test cases using HP ALM and zephyr.
Performed User Acceptance Testing with Business Users.
Developed new and updated existing automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG, using Git as VCS for Java Web based application, using Maven as build tool and Jenkins to create and run deployment jobs.
Automated and executed test scripts using Cucumber BDD framework.
Developed features, Scenarios, Step Definitions for BDD using Cucumber, Gerkin and Java.
Validated API endpoints using Postman.
Verified Json data formats and HTTP service responses.
Implemented Page object model, Apache POI, Web Driver scripts, Data driven framework using selenium web driver and Java
Experience in using Confluence to communicate with the teammates.
Created defects using HP ALM and Jira and discussed with developers and rested the test cases.
Close interaction with members of the development team and Testing Team

Environment: Hp ALM, Jira, Selenium, TestNG, Cucumber and GitLab, SQL2005, Xray, Zephyr, API, Postman, JSON, XML, IntelliJ

HCL/IBM July 2021 to Jan 2022
Automation tester

Roles and Responsibilities:
Developed, maintained and executed automated test scripts using Selenium.
Enhanced existing automation framework developed in Selenium/Python.
Worked closely with application development and other technical teams to understand how changes in the software product affect maintenance of test scripts.
Co-ordination between Technology and Business to ensure all the outstanding issues are being addressed, fixed and retested.
Performed smoke, regression testing to make sure the application conforms to the requirement specifications.
Enhanced existing automation framework developed in Python.
Knowledge on REST APIs and Validated HTTP Response using Postman
Participated in test plan and test cases review meetings.
Working experience with cloud infrastructure of AWS environment.
Performed webservices testing using Postman
Experience in testing Mobile Apps on different devices.
Responsible for managing and supporting Continuous Integration (CI) using Jenkins

Environment: IOS, Appium, Java, PyCharm, SELENIUM, Python, Postman, Appium, Jenkins, CI and CD process

Federal Reserve Bank, Kansas City, MO Aug 2018 to Apr 2021
SQA and Defect Coordinator

Project Description:
The automated clearing house (ACH) is an electronic funds-transfer system run by the National Automated Clearing House Association (NACHA) since 1974. This payment system deals with payroll, direct deposit, tax refunds, consumer bills, tax payments, and many more payment services in the United States.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Automated FTMACH test cases.
Expertise in implementation of Automation frameworks (Hybrid and Data Driven) using UFT.
Expertise in creating the function libraries, local and shared object repositories and working with descriptive programming with reading and writing data table.
Worked with Retail Payment Application. Tested ordering forecast, adjustments, custom retail price and promotions in POS.
Executed test scripts from ALM and updated results to the management when release comes.
Proficient in devising all the artifacts of testing such as Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Defect Reports and Test Summary Report.
Involved in review of existing automation scripts and provided my feedback to the team members and management.
Trained new resources and I was part of peer reviews.
Actively participated in team meetings and shared my thoughts with team members.
Involvement in solving Environmental problems along with Technical Support People.
Designed, executed and maintained Selenium Web Driver, automated testcases for regression test cases
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front-end using C# as a programming language and Visual Studio as an IDE.
Used Page Object Model (POM) repository designed pattern for storing the all-Web elements for the code maintainability and reusability for Selenium automation.
Worked on different kind of locators like ID, Class Name, Link, Partial link and Xpath for identifying the fields.
Execution of Selenium Test cases and Reporting defects.
Enhancing the Test Scripts for Global Execution.
Gave support to existing Selenium test scripts.
Ingested file and validated current day data.
Set upped VM Ware machine and executed tests on it.
Successfully performed SAT, Regression, Functional and Integration testing.
Created defects based on the Application, Data and Script failures.
Assigned created defects to the team then tracked status of the defect on day-to-day basis.
Migrated approved test scripts to the Development Environment to the Production Environment in the ALM.

Environment: Windows 10, IBM, Java, Mainframe, HP Quality center12.5, POS, SQLServer2008, UFT 14.5, MS Office, C#, NUnit, Visual Studio

USDA, Kansas City, MO Oct 2012 to Aug 2018
Sr. Automation Tester
Project Name: NRRS
Project Description:
The National Receipts and Receivables System (NRRS) is a web-based application created to provide our customers and service center employees with the ability to process collection receipts, process and create receivables and process deposit transactions.

Project Name: FS (Financial Service)
Manual and Automation Analyst
Project Description:
Financial Services (FS) is a web-based application created to provide customers and service center employees the ability to enter information for assignments, joint payments, and direct deposits.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Automated NRRS, FSAFS Applications test scripts.
Gave support to Jwebunit Automation Test Scripts.
Developed test automation framework scripts using Java Selenium WebDriver
Automated existing test cases in OCTANE.
Implemented Page Object Model framework with Java and Selenium.
Responsible for creating test scenarios for user stories and creating automation test suites using Java, Selenium Web driver, TestNG framework.
Enhancement of new ideas, framework development to make the framework more robust.
Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content in cross browsers such as Chrome, IE and Firefox
Developed Automation Test Scripts for different modules (Receivables, Receipts, Deposits, and Letters) in NRRs Application.
Involved in the discussions of Defect Tracking Process and Updated Work Progress in Excel Sheets
Performed regression testing for every modification made in the application and new builds.
Updating the Test Automation suite regularly to ensure its accuracy and usefulness.
Worked closely with developers and Business teams in resolution of technical issues.
Involved in testing the backend Database, retrieved the data from the tables using SQL Queries.
Identified and created issues and bugs based on the User Stories in JIRA.
Performed testing of SOAP and XML messages and customed Web Services from Java web application.
Executed JMeter test scripts for performance testing of portal.
Run the scenarios using JMeter and generate necessary graphs.
Track automation results daily for better performance in testing.
Followed Agile testing methodology, participated in daily Scrum meetings and tested each Sprint deliverables.
Closed issues and user stories for each release by manual and automation verification.

Environment: Selenium, HTML, JavaScript, Jira, JMeter, Git, Java, Windows, SOAP UI

Project Name: ARC-PLC
QA Analyst
Project Description:
Agriculture Risk Coverage and Price Loss Coverage Program is a web-based application, it creates different types of contracts.ARC-Individuals (ARC-IC), ARC County (ARC-CO) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC) annual contracts. The application will need to generate two different Contracts. One Contract will be needed for ARC-IC and a joint Contract for ARC-CO and PLC.

Project Name: CLPS
Project Description:
Marketing assistance loans provide producers interim financing at harvest time to meet cash flow needs without having to sell their commodities when market prices are typically at harvest-time lows. For a commodity to be eligible for a marketing assistance loan or a loan deficiency payment (LDP), the producer must have beneficial interest in the commodity in addition to other eligibility requirements.

Project Name: MPPD
Project Description:
The Margin Protection Program offers dairy producers: (1) catastrophic coverage, at no cost to the producer, other than an annual $100 administrative fee, and (2) various levels of buy-up coverage. Catastrophic coverage provides payments to participating producers when the national dairy production margin is less than $4.00 per hundredweight (cwt). The national dairy production margin is the difference between the all-milk price and average feed costs. Producers may purchase buy-up coverage that provides payments when margins are between $4.00 and $8.00 per cwt. To participate in buy-up coverage, a producer must pay a premium that varies with the level of protection the producer elects.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Acting as a Team lead for this project.
Preparing detailed test plan, test scripts and test cases by understanding the business logic and user requirements. Expertise testing the application on data driven testing to test the application UI.
Working with the team to create a suite of test data (both input and expect results) that fully exercises data validation.
Improving specification and design documents through active review and feedback with team.
Creating the Meeting request and updating the status in meeting minute’s documents to the team members.
Created multiple test case scenarios.
Designed & Enhance QTP Hybrid Driven Framework for the regression testing using modular approach undertaken with using User defined function library, shared object repository, Static data file, dynamic datasheet and user define result sheet etc.
Involved in creating Functional Libraries by creating subroutines to call functions in between the script which makes the script more impressive and shorter.
Coordinating with the team and assigned the work and tacking work status from the team.
According to the user requirement included data base validations.
Involved in Scum meetings and updated status to the team through meeting minute’s document.
Environment: Windows XP /2000, HP ALM 12, JavaScript, SQLServer2008, SOAPUI, UFT 12.02, MS Office.
Contact this candidate