SUDHA ACHANTA
Senior QA Automation Engineer
Email:ad8067@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 774-***-****

Senior QA Automation Engineer with 7+ years of experience in analyzing, review and understand business requirements and skill enough to prepare Test Plans, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and generates result reports. Expertise in executing test cases manually as well as generate automated scripts for TDD, BDD, API Testing using tools like Selenium, Cucumber, Postman, Soap UI, Appium and frameworks like TestNG, Rest Assured while serving clients in various domains such as Telecome, Banking, Retail and E-Commerce.
Professional Summary
Expertise in various types of testing like Software Automation Testing and Manual Testing
Extensively worked with Selenium IDE, RC and Web Driver, Grid for testing web applications.
Good knowledge of Java Development and proven experience in using Java for Automation.
Hands on experience in SQL to execute different types of queries to compare data against source of truth.
Hands on experience using SSIS to extract data from various sources like files, Tables into SQL Tables and run SQL Queries to Test the Data.
Designed and created Test Suites using different frameworks like Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Page Object Model and Hybrid Framework for Java based applications.
Worked Extensively with JUnit &TestNG Testing Framework. Have implemented cross browser testing and data driven testing using @parameters and @DataProvider annotations.
Implemented test automation for handling popup windows and alerts using WebDriver and Alert interface class.
Ability to perform Compatibility testing with different browsers like Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari and with different operating systems like Windows, Android, Mac OS.
Robot Framework is a generic open-source test automation framework that provides an easy-to-use, keyword-driven approach to automation.
Experienced in using Apache POI to read the data from external sources in order to feed test data sets into the test scripts.
Copado DevOps Platform is a set of features that enable you to implement a DevOps process that works with different clouds, such as MuleSoft or Heroku, so that Copado pipelines can be used to deploy
Salesforce helps businesses keep track of customer interactions and sales data.
Experience in testing Web Services-SOA architecture, JSON, XML transactions, SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, and REST using various industry standard tools like SOAPUI, Postman and Rest Assured.
Used SoapUI and JSON Path assertions to verify the API response.
Experience in testing Mobile Applications using Android Studio and Real Devices to test the Android and iOS applications using Appium.
Experience in Writing Features, Scenario Outlines for Cucumber BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) framework and automating BDD scenarios using Cucumber Runners.
Created complete solution for continuous integration tool such as Jenkins from code checkout from GitHub to regression report generation.
Hands on experience of developing test plans and strategies of testing web applications and e-commerce situation.
Expertise in Integration, Functional, Regression, System testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Quick learner and good team player.
Ability to meet tight deadlines in a timely manner.
Expertise in Problem solving and Bug Tracking Reports using Bug tracking Tools.
Extensive experience in working on multiple projects concurrently.
Suggested probable risk and risk mitigating strategies along with creative solutions to the management team.

Technical Skills

Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid, JUnit, Cucumber, Appium, Appium DeskTop, Soap UI, Postman, Rest Assured,Worksoft,Pycharm IDE
Methodologies
Agile (Scrum), Waterfall, SDLC, STLC.
Languages
Java, python,HTML, XML, Gherkin, C.
IDE
Eclipse, Pycharm,SQL Developer.
Test Framework
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid,Robot, Page Object Model (POM).
Web Debugging Tool
XPath, Firepath, Firebug.
Utilities
AutoIT, Sikuli
Build Tool
Maven,ANT
Processes
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall.
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Quality Centre.
Test build, Integration Tools
Maven, Jenkins, SVN, Git,Bit bucket
Databases
SQL Server, MS Access, Oracle, MySQL.
Operating Systems
Windows (XP, Vista & 7, 8, 10) Linux, Mac.
MS Office tools
Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Browsers

Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari

Professional Experience
Verizon Wireless, Dallas,TX Spt 2021 – Till date
Lead QA engineer
Working on mobile apps and web apps automation testing using python and robot framework, by creating test cases, configure devices (wireless routers whose data is input for apps), configure headspin (a remote environment to execute test suites on real devices), develop test cases and execute them through CI/CD.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Worked on building the custom framework for our automation solutions using Robot framework and Python.
Embedded testing is a process of verifying the functionality and quality of Firmware/Software and hardware parts in a final product.
Clinical trials are research studies that test a medical, surgical, or behavioral intervention in people.
Creating automation road map for upcoming releases and test strategy documents.
Hands on experience with Python and Robot frame work.
Working on mobile devices automation using Appium
performance testing include evaluating application output, processing speed, data transfer velocity, network bandwidth usage, maximum concurrent users.
Use Appium inspector to inspect elements..
Develop test cases in robot framework using python.
Performance testing is a testing measure that evaluates the speed, responsiveness and stability of a computer, network, software program or device under a workload.
Execute test suits through Jenkins using CI/CD
Use Headspin as remote environment to execute test suits on target mobile devices.
Involve in complete automation test life cycle.
Attend scrums, meetings with stakeholder, log defects.
Attending defect triage meetings and sign off meetings for every release and use to prioritize the defects based on the release schedule.
Participated in daily scrum call and project meetings to track the project progress & priority and use to update the offshore team.
Python programming language has a robot framework that can use external libraries like selenium for web testing. In this article, we will learn about the test cases.
Stibo Systems Master Data Management enables data transparency by ensuring the availability and control of clean, accurate, consistent, updated information.
Performance testing helps ensure that critical components of an application perform as expected under varying user loads.
Mobile testing is a software testing type that tests mobile applications for usability, functionality, and performance.
Developed and Executed Automation and Manual test cases for Functional, Regression, Sanity testing of all the three modules Wireless, Wireline of the application using Core Java.
Used JIRA for logging defects and responsible for communicating the status to the respective team preparing/Tracking Test data for various other testing teams and Test Status reports.
Mobile testing is the process by which applications for modern mobile devices are tested for functionality, usability, performance and much more.
Regular hand-off to the offshore team regarding the progress of script development and the functional challenges faced during the onshore hours if any.
Worked on integration testing of different LOB’s from UI and also tested the backend systems.
Used code cloud for maintaining and sharing the automation source code between different teams and offshore

Environment: BitBucket, Jenkins, Pycharm (a python IDE), Appium, Appium Inspector, Headspin, Selenium WebDriver, Python, Java, Robot frame work, Selenium Grid, Eclipse, Oracle, HTML, XML, Git, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, SoapUI, JIRA, Maven, Cucumber.

Cigna, Windsor, CT Sep2019 – Aug 2021
QA Automation Engineer (Consultant)
Working on multiple QA technologies on healthcare domain products like Claims and Gateway of Pega frame work. Developed BDD frame work with extent reports to get moved from existing licensed test software.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Developed a POC to come up with BDD frame work using Cucumber with Extent Reports to apply the same for all projects.
A go-to-market (GTM) strategy is a plan that details how an organization can engage with customers to convince them to buy their product or service and to gain a competitive advantage.
Developed a POC to come up with BDD frame work using Cucumber to invoke Rest API’s.
Test is the last step in traditional software development. We gather requirements, do high level design, detailed design, create code.
Python is a computer programming language often used to build websites and software, automate tasks, and analyze data.
The Principal Investigator is the doctor who runs the study and is responsible for all study-related medical decisions.
Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics developed by Guido van Rossum
As the term suggests, Mobile App Testing refers to the process of validating a mobile app (Android or iOS) for its functionality and usability before it is released publicly.
Mobile API Functional tests focus on the API's functionality and ensure that it responds as per the expectations and within the set protocols.
Worked on multiple stories to implement classes with XPath’s.
Clinical trials and studies do come with some possible risks, including: The research may involve tests that pose a risk to participants.
Have written several SQL statements to compare data that is returned from API with data resided on DB.
Performed back end testing by writing and executing SQL queries to validate the data being populated in appropriate tables and manually verify the correctness of the data with front-end values.
Handle Popups windows and Alerts testing using Sikuli driver and chrome extensions.
Embedded systems always function as part of a complete device -- that's what's meant by the term embedded.
Contributed in developing Automation Framework that uses Java, Selenium Web Driver and JUnit. Performed Data driven testing using Selenium Web Driver, TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
Wrote Mobile Test Scripts using Appium Client to test Native and Web Mobile applications. Tested Android Apps using Appium Desktop.
Tested Enterprise Restful API using Rest Assured and Postman, Used HamCrest Assertions,
Performed cross browser testing on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux and Mac and on different browsers like Internet explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Opera.
Regression testing was performed after each build release of the application and updated the Scripts by executing the Regression suites built using Selenium and approve for regression suite
Performed back end testing by writing and executing SQL queries to validate that data is being populated in appropriate tables and manually verify the correctness of the data with front-end values.
Participated in peer review with team and developers to review test cases/test scripts.
Performed System, Integration, Smoke, Sanity, Functional, End to End, Positive and Negative and monitored the behavior of the applications during different phases of testing using testing methodologies.
Planning for Test Execution activities to accomplish tasks on daily/weekly basis.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Eclipse, Oracle, HTML, XML, Git, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, SoapUI, JIRA, Maven, Cucumber, Appium.

Citi Bank, New York, NY Sep2018- Aug2019
Senior QA Automation Engineer
Division Monitor is a system that consolidates the real-time and historical Call Management System statistics individually from several sites within client name. Call center statistic reports include the volume of the calls offered, number of calls abandoned, average speed of answering the calls, distribution of the calls offered, handle time of the calls, calls within 20 seconds, the load status of the calls at the call centers and the real time statistics at the current point of time. The App Name Production support team provides the 24X7 on-call support, handling the issues in the application, co-ordination with the external teams, participate in business discussions for any changes in the application, source code deployments etc.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Reviewed the Product Backlog, Functional Specifications Document and Technical Documentation.
Interacted with the Project Manager, Business Analysts and Developers to understand the application design and functional specifications.
Implemented Hybrid automation test framework with Selenium WebDriver, Java and TestNG.
Used Apache POI to read data from external sources and provide them as parameters to the locators in the test script.
Used Firebug, Fire Path to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CSS Selector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags.
Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run parallel testing by creating Groups, and categorizing test cases.
Performed Selenium Synchronization using Explicit & Implicit waits.
Wrote test cases to handle Popups windows and Alerts using WebDriver and Alert interface class.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium Web Driver& created Data Driven framework using TestNG.
Performed Cross browser compatibility testing on Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers using TestNG suites.
Worked on Capturing Screenshots on Failure or Pass to analyze the test failure reason. Coordinated with application team to ensure resolution of all issues and completion of work on time.
Wrote XPATH expression for identifying dynamic object and handled Ajax requests using Synchronization.
Created test reports generated out of TestNG and captured the error screenshots.
Dealt with Accessing Links & Tables using Selenium WebDriver and Java collections framework.
Used Jenkins tool for continuous integration of the builds.
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions in Gherkins format.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database and Used SQL queries for retrieving data from database for executing user specific test cases.
Involved in Web services testing using SOAPUI Tool. Validated request and response XML. Added assertions to validate the XML in Web services, SOAP and RESTFUL service.
Performed mobile testing using Appium on Android devices.
Used real devices and emulators to carryout mobile testing on native and browser (Web) applications.
Schedule and prioritize work and plan a sequence of testing activities that accomplish the planned targets. Set priorities and provide reports to the management.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium GRID, Eclipse, Oracle, HTML, XML, GIT, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, Postman, Rest Assured, JIRA, Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, Cucumber, Appium, Appium Inspector.

Citi Bank, New York, NY February 2017 –Aug2018
Senior QA Automation Engineer
Mail Management system is running from long time ago and consistently being enhanced with new technologies. Communication being sent to customers across physical mail will be validated against the USPS address database and make sure to deliver to valid and right addresses.
Roles and responsibilities:
Developed System Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scripts based on Business requirements.
Developed test cases and scripts for GUI testing, functionality testing and regression testing.
Prepared Test cases for positive and negative test scenarios as referred in the user stories keeping in mind Boundary Value Limitations, Equivalence classes.
Implemented Data driven framework and worked extensively with TestNG Testing Framework. Has implemented cross browser testing and Data driven testing using @parameters and @Data providers annotations.
Used Firebug, Fire Path to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CSS Selector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags.
Developing test and defect reports and also test scripts in Selenium Environment
Implemented the selenium synchronization using the implicit and explicit wait methods.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium (IDE and Web Driver) & created Data Driven framework.
Ability in handling Ajax calls using WebDriver methods waits like Implicit, Explicit, fluent waits and thread sleep.
Ability in handling the SSL certificate error using desired capabilities in all the web Browsers.
Experience in Drag and Drop, Scroll Down, Synchronization, Double Click, Checkboxesusing Selenium Web Driver
Used Selenium API for Mouse movements, Keystrokes, Window control manipulations and pop-ups.
Ability to handle multiple windows using web drivers.
Created test reports generated out of TestNG and captured the error screenshots.
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions in Gherkins format.
Configured Jenkins build job for continuous Integration and also for Regression Testing.
Used Quality center to track defects and attended meetings with developers in resolving the same.
Involved in Web services testing using SOAPUI Tool. Validated request and response XML. Added assertions to validate the XML in Web services SOAP and RESTFUL service.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database and Used SQL queries for retrieving data from database for executing user specific test cases.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, GRID, Oracle, Jenkins, SoapUI, HTML, XML, Quality center, JIRA, Microsoft Office, Cucumber, Eclipse, JUnit, Maven, TestNG, Agile

Johnson and Johnson, New Brunswick, NJ January 2015- December 2016
Manual Tester
Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in gathering business requirement, studying the application and collecting the information from developers and writing the test Scenarios.
Reviewed test assignments, developed Test Scenarios and Test Cases, and conducted tests as assigned.
Application was updated twice a week, so that all the Test Procedures created as Baseline can be played back to perform Regression Testing.
Performed Functional Testing, Smoke Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing and End-to-End Testing.
Wrote SQL Queries to retrieve the data from various Tables and to Test the Database.
Preparation of test data for the negative and positive test cases.
Documented Defects found during test and communicated the recorded problems to the responsible development personnel.
Retested the application once the Defects were fixed.
Participated in weekly walk-through and inspection meetings, to verify the status of the testing.

Environment : HP quality center, Excel, Internet Explorer HTML, JavaScript, Eclipse, Selenium, Oracle.
Contact this candidate