Kushal Soni
Software QA Engineer
Toronto, Ontario +1(437)499
PROFILE
Highly dedicated ISTQB Certified So
experience in delivering high quality software products.
Experienced in leading the development and execution of test strategies that blend manual and automated testing,with a strong focus on automation efficiency
Highly proficient in using Selenium with Java,
SQL, Postman, and Maven for effective testing and build automation.
Specializes in Test Planning, Test Execution, and Defect
Skilled in Agile/Scrum Methodolog
Expertise in QA tools, including
JIRA and Version Control Systems (Git, GitHub).
Flexible in managing shifting priorities and tight deadlines in software testing.
Passionate about continuous improvement in QA processes, staying up date with industry trends, and p
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Software QA Engineer
YourDworld, India
Led the Development and Maintenance of
with Java, reducing testing time
Utilized a mix of Manual and
test coverage and effectively
Engaged in Sanity, Regression
stability and functionality.
Reported and tracked software defects using
cause analysis, resolved 75% of issues as part of the quality assurance process
Collaborated with development teams to prioritize a 30% decrease in overall defect
Automated API testing in
performed DML operations using
Participated in daily stand
contributing to a 20% increase in team agility and faster project turnaround.
Guided junior QA engineers in automation techniques, contributing to their professional growth and achieving targeted automation objectives. Quality Assurance Analyst
RS Digitech, India
Conducted manual and automation testing for web applications to ensure functionalities met business needs and standards.
Assisted in performing Smoke,
contributing to a 100% pass rate
QA testing and detailed test scenarios
ISTQB® Certified
+1-437-***-**** ad8399@r.postjobfree.com
dedicated ISTQB Certified Software QA Engineer with 2+ experience in delivering high quality software products. leading the development and execution of test strategies that blend manual and automated testing,with a strong focus on automation efficiency using Selenium with Java, Cucumber(BDD), JUnit, TestNG, Maven for effective testing and build automation.
in Test Planning, Test Execution, and Defect Identification. Methodologies, SDLC, STLC, and Bug Lifecycle.
QA tools, including Defect Management and Bug Reporting using and Version Control Systems (Git, GitHub).
Flexible in managing shifting priorities and tight deadlines in software testing. Passionate about continuous improvement in QA processes, staying up industry trends, and providing mentorship to junior team members PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
August 2022 –
Led the Development and Maintenance of test scripts using Selenium WebDriver
, reducing testing time by 50% and increasing test coverage by 25%. and Automation testing techniques to enhance
test coverage and effectively manage and execute test suites. Regression, System, Integration, and UI testing
Reported and tracked software defects using JIRA tool and assisted with root lved 75% of issues as part of the quality assurance process Collaborated with development teams to prioritize and resolve defects, resulting in ecrease in overall defect and a 15% improvement in software quality. testing in Postman, reducing regression time by 70%, and performed DML operations using MySQL for effective database testing. stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings, contributing to a 20% increase in team agility and faster project turnaround. Guided junior QA engineers in automation techniques, contributing to their hieving targeted automation objectives.
Analyst Intern February 2021 – October
and automation testing for web applications to ensure ties met business needs and standards.
Smoke, Confirmation, UAT, and Functional
a 100% pass rate on cross-browser compatibility through effective and detailed test scenarios.
LinkedIn
+ Years of
leading the development and execution of test strategies that blend manual and automated testing,with a strong focus on automation efficiency. mber(BDD), JUnit, TestNG,
Identification.
ycle.
nd Bug Reporting using
Flexible in managing shifting priorities and tight deadlines in software testing. Passionate about continuous improvement in QA processes, staying up-to- unior team members.
– April 2024
Selenium WebDriver
sing test coverage by 25%.
testing techniques to enhance overall
esting to ensure
tool and assisted with root
lved 75% of issues as part of the quality assurance process. defects, resulting in
and a 15% improvement in software quality.
reducing regression time by 70%, and
for effective database testing.
retrospective meetings,
contributing to a 20% increase in team agility and faster project turnaround. Guided junior QA engineers in automation techniques, contributing to their October 2021
and automation testing for web applications to ensure and Functional testing,
atibility through effective
Collaborated in Analyzing technical specifications to develop test plans and detailed test cases, ensuring alignment with project requirements through user stories.
Contributed to preparing test reports and communicated key findings to stakeholders.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Advanced Computer Science 2020 – 2022 University of Leicester, United Kingdom
Master of Science (IT & CA) 2015 - 2017
Saurashtra University, India
Bachelor of Computer Applications 2012 - 2015
Saurashtra University, India
CERTIFICATION
ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL) April 2023 ASTQB (American Software Testing Qualifications Board) https://atsqa.org/certified-testers
SKILLS
Test Automation Tools : Selenium WebDriver, Postman
Frameworks : Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG
Programming Languages : Java, Python (beginner)
Testing Methodologies : Agile, Waterfall, V-Model
Techniques : BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD (Test Driven Development), POM (Page Object Model)
Processes : STLC, SDLC
Database : MySQL, SQL
Version Control : Git, GitHub
Defect Tracking Tool : JIRA
Soft Skills : Problem solving, Fast Learner, Communication skills, Attention to detail, Time management, Inclusive teamwork
Contact this candidate