ALAGESWARI RAJAN

Chennai India +91-984******* ad84qj@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/alageswari-babu-b35576163

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Results-driven QA Engineer with 4 years of professional experience in manual testing and a strong foundation in automation testing through Master’s program. Skilled in creating and executing comprehensive test plans, identifying defects, and ensuring high-quality software releases.
CERTIFICATIONS

1.Master’s Program - Automation Testing Engineer: Simplilearn Certified - 2024
Implement software development methodologies and database fundamentals through agile
Get started with Functional Testing, TDD, and DevOps integration
Test and monitor your applications through Non-functional and API Testing
Learn mobile automation and cloud testing
Automation Test Engineer Capstone
WORK EXPERIENCE

Test Engineer (01/2021 - 08/2021)
Tata Consultancy Services – India
Developed comprehensive test plans and strategies for various software applications, including web,
mobile, and desktop platforms.
Developed and executed comprehensive and detailed test cases for both functional and non-functional requirements.
Executed around 25-30 test cases and 2-3 scenarios to identify software defects and verify
functionality, ensuring adherence to quality standards.
Collaborated closely with software developers, product managers, and stakeholders to prioritize and
resolve issues in a timely manner.
Utilized automation tools, such as Selenium with Java and UFT to streamline testing processes
and improve efficiency up to 30%.
Conducted regression testing to validate software updates and enhancements, maintaining product
stability and reliability for about 50%.
Documented test results, track defects using bug tracking systems like JIRA and QC, Reduced the
defects up to 70% and provide regular status reports to project stakeholders.
Participated in Agile development methodologies, including daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and
retrospective meetings.
Involved in various testing methods like Integration, Functional, Smoke and Sanity Testing, User
Acceptance Testing.
Experienced in API testing using tool like SOAPUI and POSTMAN.

Test Engineer (09/2016 - 07/2019)
Infosys Ltd – India
Assisted in the development and execution of test plans for software projects, gaining hands-on experience in quality assurance processes.
Identified and reported software defects, collaborating with team members to troubleshoot and resolve issues up to 90%.
Conducted manual using Mainframe and automated testing of web and mobile applications using Selenium and UFT, ensuring optimal performance and usability.
Documented test cases, test results, and defect reports, contributing to the overall improvement for about 90% of product quality.
Participated in team meetings and discussions to provide input on software testing strategies and best practices.
Knowledge about different testing methodologies like Agile, Waterfall, etc. and experienced in SDLC and STLC.
Worked closely with developers to facilitate quick bug resolution.
PROJECTS
1.Automate the Functionalities of HSBC bank online application (04/2024 - 04/2024)
https://github.com/aarthisimplilearn/Cypress_Project.git
Automated all the functionalities of HSBC bank online application using Cypress.io.

2.To Perform functional testing on an E-Commerce Web Application (06/2024-06/2024)
https://github.com/aarthisimplilearn/Selenium_TestNG-Project.git
Performed functional testing on an E-Commerce web application using the automation tool Selenium and TestNG.
EDUCATION
Master of Science: Computer Science, 2018
Annamalai University - CGPA: 8/10

Bachelor of Science: Computer Science, 2016
Thiruvalluvar University - CGPA: 8.4
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Manual Testing: Test Case Design, Test Scripts, SDLC, STLC, Functional Testing, Regression Testing
Automation Testing: Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Rest Assured, Basic Scripting (Java/Python), Cypress, UFT
Performance Testing- JMeter (Load Testing, Stress Testing, etc.)
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins (basic knowledge)
Version Control Tools: Git
Database Testing: SQL
Agile/Scrum Methodologies
Defect Tracking Tool: Atlassian Jira
API Testing: SOAPUI, POSTMAN
BDD Framework: Cucumber
Attention to Detail and Analytical Skills
Problem Solving & Critical Thinking
Team Work
Communication Skills
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Languages: Tamil, English & Hindi
Contact this candidate