JASON TUR
Linkedin Profile 786-***-**** ad8alp@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Quality-focused QA Lead that is successful at managing customer expectations and delivering exceptional results built on extensive industry knowledge and agile abilities.
Skills
DevOps principles
AEM/Angular/React/Mobile QA Experience
Java/Object Oriented testing
SQL/MySQL
Appium
Agile methodology
Mobile Testing
Project Management
Planning and implementation
Jenkins/GitLab/Azure DevOps
Postman/SoapUI
Database Testing
Website/Mobile optimization
Selenium WebDriver
Cucumber BDD
Black box/White Box Manual testing
Stakeholder updates
Cross Browser Testing
Code delivery review
Test Planning
Regression Testing
Native Mobile app testing
Smart Bear Products: Hiptest/Testrail/Zephr
Cloud Practitioner Certified

Mobile and Web QA Engineer, Winnebago - IT Department
Spearheaded the development of test cases, plans, and automated scripts for web and mobile applications, focusing on cloud architecture to enhance quality assurance capabilities.
Led end-to-end automation testing initiatives, including proactive log monitoring and collaborative troubleshooting with developers to address complex technical challenges.
Innovated testing processes by designing manual and automated testing strategies for Native Mobile and Web applications, significantly improving testing efficiency and coverage.
Excelled in executing tests across various devices (Android, iOS, iPad, other tablets) and environments, showcasing expertise in real-device testing and Bluetooth connectivity scenarios.
Demonstrated proficiency in Java, C#, and Appium for iOS and Android app automation, along with extensive experience in cloud data testing, UI Automation (Selenium), and API Automation (REST Assured).
Enhanced testing capabilities by implementing rigorous real-device and Bluetooth connectivity testing scenarios, ensuring comprehensive coverage and reliability.

Work History
Senior Mobile and Web QA Engineer, 06/2023-04/2024
Winnebago(Contract)– Remote
Spearheaded the development of test cases, plans, and automated scripts for web and mobile applications, focusing on cloud architecture to enhance quality assurance capabilities.
Led end-to-end automation testing initiatives, including proactive log monitoring and collaborative troubleshooting with developers to address complex technical challenges.
Innovated testing processes by designing manual and automated testing strategies for Native Mobile and Web applications, significantly improving testing efficiency and coverage.
Excelled in executing tests across various devices (Android, iOS, iPad, other tablets) and environments, showcasing expertise in real-device testing and Bluetooth connectivity scenarios.
Demonstrated proficiency in Java, C#, and Appium for iOS and Android app automation, along with extensive experience in cloud data testing, UI Automation (Selenium), and API Automation (REST Assured).
Enhanced testing capabilities by implementing rigorous real-device and Bluetooth connectivity testing scenarios, ensuring comprehensive coverage and reliability.

Senior QA Automation Engineer 06/2020
ContinuumCloud – Tampa, FL
As an integral part of the Engineering team, I improved procedures and processes for developing customized applications and used expertise in Agile Scrum methodology
Collaborate with the engineering team to develop automated testing for AWS Serverless architecture, end-to-end scenarios, and integrate into our CI/CD pipeline
Meeting with the software design team to discuss verification protocols.
Identifying software application weaknesses and target areas.
Adding e2e and API tests to CI/CD pipeline in GitLab
Sketching out ideas for automated software test procedures.
Reviewing software bug reports and highlighting problem areas.
Writing automation scripts in JavaScript and Appium
Troubleshooting automation software and finalizing system procedures.
Identifying quality issues and creating test reports.

Senior AEM QA Contractor 05/2020-12/2022
Bounteous – Remote
As contractor for Bounteous I created, executed, and maintain testing solutions for various clients

Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables
Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan
Write, document, and maintain automated testing solutions and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts
Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results
Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members
Identify any potential quality issues per defined process and escalate potential quality issues immediately to management
Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements
Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify defect fixes

QA Automation Analyst 03/2019 to 4/2020
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd – Miami, FL
The Automation Test Analyst is part of the test automation team within the digital marketing organization and is responsible for ensuring the program is consistently delivering against the business goals.

Created and Lead test automation team consisting of three automation engineers (offshore)
Running Automated scripts on multiple browsers and mobile devices for release cycle
Analyzing automated test runs and creating automated quality dashboards for stake holders to consume
P1 Test Suite daily health checkpoint results analysis: script analysis and defect routing
Creating new POC from scratch for new features in Java/Angular/React
Establish a working relationship with various external vendors: Browser Stack/ Appium
Establish process for issue intake from the automation program
Collaboration with multiple product teams to understand verification point needs
Review script errors to help define and prioritize maintenance work
Backlog grooming
Understanding & evaluating client requirements, there on defining the scope of the project and providing the best and most efficient solution
Periodic re-evaluation of verification points
Setting up Jenkin jobs to run automation scripts
Using Selenium (protractor/WDIO) for creating automated test scripts
Increased testing depth of coverage by over 1209.52% (from 84 test scenarios to over 1100 automated testing scenarios)
AEM QA Lead 03/2018 to 03/2019
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd – Miami, FL
Worked closely with Release Coordinator on supporting future releases. Managed an offshore QA team. Created test plans, work breakdown structures, risk management docs, and coordinated with external resources.
Usage of Power Automate (MS Flow) to automation Quality reports to various stakeholders, hence reducing the delivery cycle time and optimizing resource allocation
Continuous integration and deployment of internal tools to multiple environments.
Leading daily Bug Triage
Defect intaking
Coordinated scheduled releases and updates.
Collaborated with project stakeholders, including developers, quality assurance team members and business analysts.
Planned and orchestrated end-to-end testing processes for various browsers and devices
Tested API and Services using Postman/SOAP UI
Lead a small offshore QA team (6 members) to meet project deliverables with quick turn-around to deliver functional test results of new enhancements on Mobile and Web
Worked on Test Automation POC project, Using Protractor Framework, Selenium WebDriver, Appium and Browser Stack
Testing in various development languages and technologies: Java, Java Script, Spring Boot, .Net
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd – Miami, FL
Part of the Digital Marketing Content and Product team
Collaboration with other technology teams across our offices
Communicating issues to the AEM development team.
Working with developers and offshore QA team to ensure builds on multiple browsers and devices are stable upon release.
Diagnosing and troubleshoot environment problems, and advertising these to the team.
Assisting and supporting developers.
Test planning and estimation
External testing requests
Testing Hot-fixes and zero-day patches
Supported the company in maintaining a work environment focused on quality, communication, collaboration, integration and teamwork.
Researched new tools and technologies that could be used by the quality assurance team.
Analyzed and tested builds to determine bugs and provide assistance in solving issues.
Education
Bachelor of Science: Electrical Engineering 2016
Miami Dade College - Miami, FL
Contact this candidate