ANKITA SONI
Mobile: +1-270-***-****
Email: ad8gza@r.postjobfree.com
Summary:
Around 5+ years of experience in the software industry, primarily on automation and manual testing and on creating test plans, test strategies, test scenarios, test suites and their execution
Performed testing on different browsers, environments and OS versions
Performed testing on different Android, iOS devices and tablets of different screen sizes, different OS versions
Performed functionality, UI, regression, smoke, sanity and ad-hoc testing
Experience with Performance testing, Network testing and security testing
Possess good knowledge of the entire SDLC, STLC and Defect life cycle
Good experience with an API testing tool like: Postman, Rest API
Good experience in Bug tracking and reporting in JIRA till closure
Successfully delivered multiple Business Releases without any defect leakages
Creating and adding the new scripts to the existing Selenium automation
Experience in creating x-path identifiers for locating objects on web pages.
Experience with TestNG, Cucumber, Selenium
Must have experience using BDD (Gherkin language) test methodology.
Having working experience with Agile (Scrum) methodology
Strong knowledge of Banking and financial Payment domains
Possess strong knowledge of the Healthcare Domain software cycle

Technical Skills:
Languages: Core Java
Defect tracking tool: JIRA and Bugzilla
Methodologies: Agile Methodology, STLC and SDLC
Automation: Selenium, API Testing, Cucumber
Operating system: Windows and macOS

Professional Experience:

Role: Senior QA Engineer
Client: Dxc Technology
Location: Indore, India
Duration: Nov 2022 - April 2024

Responsibilities:
•Coordinated with peers in the team for clarity on the requirements
•Involved in initial requirement analysis and understanding user stories defined in Jira
•Participate in Agile events (daily stand ups, sprint planning and sprint retrospectives)
•Communicating requirements and change requests with stakeholders
•Designing and executing functional and non-functional testing of the application
•Keeping track of the latest changes in platforms and maintaining a checklist
•Created and maintained the test data for the entire application
•Generating test reports and bug reporting using JIRA
•Testing of application under development environment
•Used Confluence link for the maintenance of QA documentation
•Client Interaction for requirements, status calls, and defects discussion through calls and email
•Analysis of application to identify gaps from an Accessibility perspective
•Designing the manual test cases for the User Stories assigned
•Automate new features to reduce time and cost.
•Executing the manual test cases on the QA box
•Managing defect lifecycle and ensuring the closure
•Performed regression testing on the application
•Daily Status & Defect Calls along with WAR conversations

Role: Senior QA Engineer
Client: Dxc Technology
Location: Indore, India
Duration: May 2021 - Oct 2022

Responsibilities:

Involved in the design and development of a keyword-driven automation framework for the Novartis project using Selenium WebDriver and Java.
Analysis of test requirements and automation feasibility.
Automate new features to reduce time and cost.
Coordinated with peers in the team for clarity on the requirements.
Self-generated x-paths for all web elements.
Daily Status & Defect Calls along with WAR conversations.
Preparation of Daily Status Report (DSR)
Used Eclipse to build and run the Selenium automation framework.
Recognized by Client for excellent work and no defects being raised by Business in UAT and post live.
Master test plan, Detailed test plan and End of Test Report Creation and review
Creation and Review of Test Cases and scenarios
System Testing, System Integration Testing, Regression Testing and supporting User Acceptance Testing
Defect Management & Reporting activities.

Role: QA Engineer
Client: Dxc Technology
Location: Indore, India
Duration: Dec 2020 – April 2021

Responsibilities:
•Coordinated with peers in the team for clarity on the requirements
•Involved in understanding project life cycle (STLC)
•Understand requirements and define specifications
•Design, Review and execute the test cases as per requirement
•Execute Sanity, Regression and Functional testing
•Raise defects using the Quality Centre
•Retesting the cases where the defect has been raised
•Reproduce the defects encountered in UAT and retest the same after their fix
•Provide UAT support and ensure the quality of the system testing is of the highest standards as per the Process

Role: QA Engineer-Automation
Client: Options Informatics
Location: Indore, India
Duration: Jun 2019 – Nov 2020

Responsibilities:

Recognized by clients for identifying requirement gaps and delivering quality products.
Writing Test cases and executing them.
Creating & Executing Test cases for different functionalities.
Understanding user requirements and analyzing them.
Testing of End-to-End Application
Involved in release-related work
Coordinate with the team for the assignment of modules and related issues.
Collaborate with developers for resolution of testing issues and risks to a project manager to achieve quality product
writing SQL queries and executing them.
Work towards deadlines and prioritize workload

Academic Credentials:
Bachelor of Engineering, Swami Vivekananda college of Engineering
Contact this candidate