Shabana
QA Test Engineer
669-***-****
ad8pds@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
● A result-oriented Software Professional with 8+years of experience on Software QA-Mobile and Web with expertise ranging from mobile apps to platform Ecosystem and different vertical domains and Testing at Client Google LLC. Attention to detail and skilled in coordinating proactively with diverse teams and resources to complete objectives. Experienced in designing Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Approach.
● Comprehensive knowledge of different types of testing.
● Strong work Experience in different types of mobile platforms, Android, OEMS and IOS Hands on Experience on Google’s pixel devices testing, Oem device testing Bluetooth, A2DP, Connectivity, LTE etc.
● Experience in Developing new features and functionalities for Android apps or Chrome extensions Using Java.
● Worked/ing on UNIX-based systems and strong experience in capturing logs for defects by using Android/iOS tools and adb commands, Analyzing the bug report using ADB logcat, timestamps, ANR error, Java crashes etc...
● Executed Python scripts for regression test cases for several features, latency, performance test
● I have been involved in Test Script Creation and Maintenance: Developing and maintaining automated test scripts for various test cases (functional, regression, integration, etc.).
● Created well-structured python scripts for reusable.
● Analyzed test results and provided detailed reports.
● Coordinating lab logistics, fleet maintenance, and test equipment calibration, also lab move coordination.
● Hands-on experience in Google’s testing in house tools for Test cases writing and filling defects, test builds paths, builds installations and monitoring test dashboards etc.
● Experience in offering diverse deliverables and test artifacts, including Test strategy, Test plan, Test scenarios, Test cases (Functional and Validation), Test reporting, Defect reporting.
● Experience Strong Communication serves as a bridge between QA and development teams,ensuring that issues are clear.
● Experience in providing feedback on testability,usability,and performance issues,influencing the development process.
● Strong understanding of QA Process, Software Development Life Cycle and testing life cycle (STLC).
● Solid experience in Develop, Review, Execute, and Maintain Test Cases, Test Case Writing Techniques and Test Procedures.
● Developed automated test scripts for embedded systems using Python or other scripting languages to streamline regression testing and continuous integration.
● Experience in Mobile and web testing, White Box Testing, Black Box Testing, Functional, Automation, Integration, System, Regression, Performance Testing, UAT, Cross Browser testing and System Testing and basic Automation knowledge and quick learner if needed.
● Analyzing bugs and Interacting with team members in fixing the errors
● Experience in handling and participating in Status Report meetings and Bug Triage meetings
● Effective team player in the teams with various backgrounds with experience working in cross-functional team and tester team.
● Highly detail-focused, dedicated tester offering excellent functional and analytical abilities.
● Quickly learn and master new technology, equally successful in both teams and consistently receiving high ratings on client surveys.
Education
● Master of Computer Application fromKakatiya University India 2009
● Bachelor's degree in computer science from Kakatiya University India 2006 Technical Skills
Test Sanity testing Smoke testing Wi-Fi/Bluetooth Testing Mobile/Web Application Testing
Hardware Lab monitoring and setups Functional Testing Regression testing System Memory Testing Accessibility Testing Integration Testing
Security Testing Compatibility Testing Test Triage Version
control
GitHub
Platforms Android, Windows 8/7/10, UNIX/Linux, Mac OS, iOS RedHat/CentOS 6 & 7. Testing Tools Google’s in house tools, Android studio, ADB, Fast boot, Bug Report, CPU profiler, Battery stats, Dumpsys Network Profiler, Selenium (WebDriver, IDE), Win Runner. Bug Tracking Google’s in house tools, Buganizer, Bugzilla, Test rail, ReQuest Software
Tools
ATP, Mobile Harness, Blackbox, Test Fusion, Jenkins and Google’s in house tools. Professional Experience:
June 2022- July 2023 - Client - Google LLC (Mountain view /San Jose- CA): Taken lead role for one of the project’s main modules
● Performing Regression, Daily build testing, Sanity, Smoke, Exploratory, Stress/Load, Compatibility, Accessibility interruption, battery, latency testing, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and connectivity testing.
● I have been involved in managing asynchronous operations using Java threading,AsyncTask,like RxJAva or Kotlin coroutines.
● Perfomed The device maintains automated tests,including UI tests using tools like Espresso for Android.
● Performed the device testing for Pixel and OEMs using in house build flashing tools to flash the latest testing build or weekly or monthly build and different flavors of Versions like R, S, T and U etc.
● Performed lab testing, in that involved deploying devices to particular servers, server installations, testbeds setups, installing mobile harness to run the multiple devices on the same server to analyze the test failures like test failures, functionality failures or infra failures etc.
● I have been involved in Test Script Creation and Maintenance: Developing and maintaining automated test scripts for various test cases (functional, regression, integration, etc.).
● Created well-structured python scripts for reusable.
● Involved document test cases,triage processes,and any procedures that help streamline the bug triage process.
● Performed process optimization,evaluate and improve triage and testing process to enhance efficiency and effectiveness.
● I have been involved in Learning and Adapting with the latest trends,tools in Android and chrome development and testing to improve triage effectiveness.
● Analyzed test results and provided detailed reports based on ADB logcat, crashes,
● I have been involved in field testing to perform a few daily testcase executions, like setting the device on very high lighting mode or dark mode etc.
● Test embedded systems' communication protocols (e.g., Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, CAN, SPI, I2C) to ensure proper data transmission and reception.
● Executed Python scripts for test cases for several features, latency, performance test
● Gained Strong Experience to set up the Mobile Harness labs, deploying Pixel devices /Oem phones
, installed test beds, PDUs and Wi-Fi routers etc.
● Monitoring Performance test Results on Dashboards
● Preparing test cases and executing and reported bugs in google’ s in house tool
● Involved in daily bug triage meetings, updating weekly and Daily status reports
● Prepared test plans for new features and also created test criteria for old features.
● Perform manual accessibility testing by using assistive tools like screen, talk back On, readers and keyboard navigation to test the product for accessibility barriers.
● Closely working with Tpms and offshore teams for test releases, test reports and deliverables
● Investigate and report software bugs, including reporting newly discovered issues and verifying bug fixes.
● Performing Regression, Sanity, Smoke, Exploratory, Stress/Load, Compatibility, Accessibility and interruption, battery, latency testing
● Preparing test cases and executing and reported bugs in Google’s in house tool
● Involved in daily bug triage meetings, updating weekly and Daily status reports
● Prepared test plans for new features and also created test criteria for old features. Client: Telecom Inc, USA QA Tester ( Jan 2019 – Aug 2021 ) Responsibilities:
● Propose, Install, Test and Implement mobile applications and features into a cross-platform framework
(Android & iOS) that runs optimally on all target devices.
● Coordinating lab logistics, fleet maintenance, and test equipment calibration, also lab move coordination.
● Write Manual test cases, execution and filling defects and performed Smoke, sanity, ad
● hoc and Regression testing.
● Worked with product management and engineering to define test strategies, organize testing processes, and optimize system level testing through creative and comprehensive test methods
● participated in test planning and asset execution for performance, usability and compatibility test domains
● Actively perform error debugging, and bug triages
● Responsible for the execution of test cases, analysis and reporting of results
● Work as a cross functional agile team member to assure and improve quality
● Assist with implementation and documentation of automated test cases
● Organize internal testing camps and end-user validation in real-life scenario Client: Telecom Inc -USA QA Tester (Feb 2017- Dec 2019) Description:
The current postpaid wholesale billing and rating platform being used by Telecom is Provided by USBILL. USBILL is a localized version of EUBILL developed 20 years ago. US and it runs on an aging Fujitsu mainframe Platform which will no longer be supported. It currently Supports 10 local MVNOs (Macquarie Telecom, AAPT, Compel, etc.) and their ~300k subscribers
Responsibilities:
● Preparation and execution of Test Scenarios.
● Manual Testing, Functional testing, and Bug Tracking and Bug regression.
● Involved in setting up and managing a testing environment, running tests on multiple devices, and analyzing the results to identify different types of failures.
● Browser and OS Compatibility Testing.
● Performing the regression testing, Adhoc testing
● Gained Good knowledge on Localization Testing and Environment: Quality Center, Quick Test Pro (QTP) Client: CELGENE Basking ridge, NJ-USA QA Tester (Oct 2016- Jan 2017 ) Responsibilities:
● Preparation and execution of Test Scenarios.
● Manual Testing, Functional testing, and Bug Tracking and Bug regression. Browser Compatibility Testing.
(.IE5.5, IE6, IE7, IE8, FF, Opera, Google chrome. Safari, Lync text etc.) And Automation Testing.
● Participated in Preparing Test Plan, Test Estimations and sign off Doc.
● Identifying Test families.
● Performing the regression testing.
● Performing Smoke test.
● Prepared smoke test documents.
● Gained Good knowledge on Localization Testing.
Client: OnStar. Detroit, MI -USA (June 2015 - Oct 2016) QA Tester
Big Machines provides web-based software to leading industrial, Automobiles, and hi-tech companies. Customers deploy the Big Machines Lean Front-End to automate inquiry-to-order processes and to better serve their customers and channel partners. Big Machines Lean Front-End® gives all the functionality needed to quickly create powerful, web-based selling engines and to enable sales staff, channels, and customers to quote and order quickly and accurately. Responsibilities:
● Performed End to end testing on the environment such as Unit Testing, Functional Testing, and Integration Testing.
● Successfully implemented and tested various enhancements in the on-star environment satisfying the user experience
● Work with on-site teams for the execution of the functional test cases and validating the requirements. Client: Google LLC USA (May 2012 - Dec 2012)
QA Tester
Responsibilities:
● As a QA Tester, Preparation and execution of Test Scenarios.
● Manual Testing, Functional testing, and Bug Tracking and Bug regression
● Performing Regression testing, Smoke and sanity testing.
● Monitoring test Dashboards and filling the bugs for test failures
● Tested GSA on Android devices and on the web.
Contact this candidate