Yuriy Voloshin

Holden, MA *****
Cell phone: 508-***-****
Email: ad8vo7@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

With over 19 years of experience in the Information Technology, I have honed my ability to lead projects that adhere to industry standards and deliver exceptional user experiences,
Extensive expertise in managing large-scale projects, ensuring alignment with industry standards and best practices, and promoting team collaboration,
Solid experience in the IT industry, with an earned reputation for meeting demanding deadlines, enhancing efficiencies, and delivering critical solutions,
Strong leadership and management skills,
Outstanding knowledge of QA methodologies and standards,
Strong background in software within the Retail, Healthcare, Education, Manufacturing, and Cybersecurity industries,
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work closely with domestic and remote teams on various projects,
Proven record in design, development, and testing of automated testing tools such as SoapUI and Selenium,
Strong experience working with Oracle and SQL Server databases,
Experience in White, Gray, and Black box testing,
Proficient in Functional, Regression, System Integration, Load/Performance, Security, Boundary, Forced Error, Stress, Compatibility, and Configuration testing,
Expertise in testing Multi-Tier Web-based applications,
Performed tests on triggers and stored procedures,
Extensively worked on the development/analysis of Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Executions, and Test Results,
Proven success working under tight deadlines and during critical operational periods,
Collaborate with developers, business analysts, and customer support team for the best end-user experience,
Solid experience in Human Capital Management demonstrated by evaluating and interviewing potential candidates for various roles, ensuring the ultimate match,
Manufacturing Engineering experience.

Skills

Programming Languages: VB, VB script, VB.NET, ASP.NET, C#,
ADO.NET, HTML, SQL, Java, Ruby
RDBMS: SQL Server, Oracle
Tools: SoapUI, Postman, Kibana, JMeter, Selenium, SQL Navigator, Oracle Toad, Visual Source Safe, Jira, Jenkins, Excel, Bugzilla, Confluence, NuLab, Git Server
Microsoft Certificates: VB.NET, C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET

Experience

Lead Software QA Engineer (October 2022-January 2023) Burlington, MA
Lead Software QA Engineer (June 2023-June 2024) Devens, MA
VulcanForms Inc.

Established a QA environment within an existing Software Development Group and created necessary documentation based on Medical regulations and ISO 13485.
Tested software for 3D printers.
Designed test strategy, planning, and execution for ongoing projects. Successfully implemented QA methodologies, leading to the improvement of product quality and positive customer feedback.
Defined and managed defect workflow.
Working with business users, providing UAT.
Influenced teams to implement QA best practices.
Manually tested company software and reported data accuracy, performance, functionality, and compatibility between input data and graphical (visualization) window.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams of Software and Mechanical Engineers to streamline software improvements and minimize bugs reported, provided frequent updates.
Analyzed software for the ability to incorporate Automation Testing Tools.
Directed projects from a QA standpoint, working closely with the project managers.

QA Engineer (May 2021- April 2022) remote position
Perfecta, Springfield, VA

Responsible for the creation/modification of test plans and test cases for web applications and embedded software.
Automation test case planning and maintenance across different products.
Jira was used for reporting and tracking bugs.
Participate in DEV and QA meetings, working with developers to improve, and make a more user-friendly UI for every product.
Sorting bugs based on the priority of current department work plans.
Utilized web browser testing (built-in local browser developer tools) to analyze and diagnose web pages of company products as needed.
Postman was utilized to test APIs as developed by software engineers or to determine website functionality defects.
Working with business people and was included in UAT.
Black box testing.
Utilized Ubuntu Linux Distribution for enterprise applications.

QA Engineer (September 2017 – June 2020)
Crunch Time, Boston, MA

Coordinating and managing two outsourced groups (manual testers in Minsk, Belarus, and automation testers in India).
Prepare, and create Test plans and Test cases. Working closely with Business Analysts and developers discussing and representing results of UAT.
Deciding what test cases are eligible for automation.
Reviewing new automation scripts for development accuracy.
Working with old automation code for potential modernization and adaptation to changes in our production application.
Organizing meetings between outsourced groups for future company plans.
Was closely involved in the Crunch Time Agile environment.
Manually testing company Web applications (new and existing modules), using major browsers and different devices, such as cellphones, Tablets, Desktops, and Laptops (regular and touch screens). For automation tests, Crunch Time uses Selenium TestNG (with Java). The company uses Oracle for data storage. The setup of applications was done on the desktop and mobile OS’s and applications per testing preconditions.
Used Jira for reporting defects and the creation of Test Plans, Confluence pages are adopted for test cases and documentation of software features, automation scripts scheduled and run in Jenkins, IntelliJ as a code editor for Selenium TestNG (with Java).
API tested with SoapUI.
Black box testing.

Software Quality Engineer (November 2014 – November 2016)
Digital Guardian (Data loss prevention software), Waltham, MA

Testing DLP (data leakage protection) Software Flagship Product, AFE (Advanced file encryption), RME (Remote File Encryption), ATP (Advanced Thread Protection), FTP (File Transfer Protocol), and many other features.
Testing of different web browsers: IE10, IE11, Edge, Chrome 32 and 64 bit, Firefox, and Firefox ESR for
DLP verification. Using manual and automation (Selenium (TestNG with Java) techniques.
Executing/analyzing Server and Agent installation based on assignment specifications. Verifying communication between servers/agents with a wide variety of different combinations of predefined user and security applications.
VMs were a major tool for multi-platform testing using technologies such as VMware. They were utilized by setting up each one upon creation with the necessary applications and testing tools that would fit the parameters of the specific test or set of test cases.
Using VBScript to automate some features.
Validating events in the reporting system of the Server.
Using SQL Servers (2008, 2012) for data verification.
Jira (with Zephyr plug-in) for test cases and bug tracking.
Working in a Waterfall highly dynamic development environment.
Black box testing.

QA Engineer (April 2014 – June 2014), 3-month contract
Harvard Business School, Boston, MA

Worked in Agile Environment.
Created test cases for UI and Back End (Oracle 11g).
Manually tested new and existing software and used SoapUI for web services verification.
Used Bugzilla for bug reporting.
Actively participated in team meetings and software presentations to the school faculty.
Handled several projects with short deadlines.
Worked independently and in a team environment.

QA Engineer (August 2012 – October 2013), contract
Pearson PLC, Boston, MA

Worked in an Agile environment.
Created test plans and test cases for manual and automation tests.
Actively and aggressively participated in the full cycle of Integration, Automated Regression, and Functional testing for various applications.
Used Selenium (TestNG with Java) for UI automation test, created new scripts, and made changes to existing code if needed.
For testing web services, SoapUI Pro is used to create API tests.
Manual testing, heavily working with Oracle Database for data verification and retrieval.
Used Jira as a bug-tracking system.
Worked independently and in a team environment, coached junior members.

QA Specialist (May 2011 – May 2012)
Invacare Inc., Milford, MA

Organized QA department for Invacare IT structure.
Managed an outsourcing group located in Serbia.
Prepared effective test plans, and test cases, and scheduled QA project timelines based on customer requirements and functional specifications for e-commerce B2C and B2B applications.
Worked closely with a development group to resolve issues for existing applications.
Offered weekly project conditions to the project manager.
Contributed to regular status meetings to state any bugs, problems, and risks.
Cooperated with a development group to resolve difficulties coming across in test execution.
Performed GUI testing, Functional testing, Integration testing, Regression testing, Ad-hoc testing, Negative testing, End to End Testing, and User Acceptance testing on multiple projects.
Used manual and automation (Selenium TestNG with Java) test methods, and reviewed test scripts with the development team.
Verified data accuracy for new and existing applications using SQL scripts (SQL Server 2005 and SQL
Server 2008).
Executed test cases and logged defects using Jira and Active Collab bug tracking systems.
Handled several projects with short deadlines.
Black box testing.
Data Integrity Analyst/QA Data Analyst (May 2008 – July 2009)
Verispan/SDI Health Inc., Waltham, MA

Being part of the Analytical/QA group, supported de-identified patients, sales and marketing, managed care and contracting, non-retail, hospital, and institutional, and electronic health and medical records data, providing clients with the foundation for advanced analytics and reporting.
Verified data for compliance with HIPAA Privacy rules.
Gathered current and historical data for research projects.
Analyzed data loaded into the data warehouse for accuracy (compared expected and actual records) daily. Ran different SQL scripts for testing transferred data.
Identified areas for data quality improvement and helped resolve issues using PL\SQL (SQL Navigator 5.5).
Created a variety of reports for management using Excel spreadsheets, such as Regional Pharmacy Reports, Laboratory Data, and hospital data reports (created Pivot tables).
Created new and modified existing SQL scripts for reports and data quality analysis.
Improved data monitoring system by creating new tools to organize customers’ data.
Effectively communicated with data providers ensuring efficiency and total control of the projects.
Integrated new data into the system.
Wrote technical specifications based on data received from providers and made changes to existing documents.
Participated in daily meetings and presented progress updates.

Software QA Analyst (April 2003-April 2008)
Lej Technology Inc., Stamford, CT

Created and reviewed test plans and test cases based on functional specifications and marketing requirement documents. Performed Functional, Regression, Smoke, System Integration, Security, Boundary, Forced error, Stress, Positive and Negative, Compatibility, and Configuration testing of Easy CNC System application set to provide a cost-effective labor management platform (ASP/ASP. Net, HTML, SQL Server 2000/2005).
Performed White and Gray box testing (C#, VB.Net).
Analyzed database data for a positive result in different mathematical functions.
Created automated scripts for Regression tests using QTP.
Ensured that the product lifecycle process met the quality criteria.
Executed System (End to End), Performance, and Load testing.
Wrote VB scripts for automation tests covering different areas of Easy CNC System application.
Identified, developed, and implemented test plans, methodologies, and tools for System and Regression testing, prepared and analyzed technical documentation.
Performed testing for Desktop applications written in Excel.
Checked and ran DTS Packages, stored procedures, triggers, and views for data verification of Web and Client-Server applications.
Documented issues using the internal Bug Tracking system and worked to resolve them with the appropriate resources.
Interacted with developers, system engineers, and testing teams to identify and troubleshoot application defects.

Senior Programmer Analyst (September 2000-April 2002)
Staples Inc., Framingham, MA

Designed, wrote technical specifications, developed and tested Client-Server based Price Check System application using Visual Basic 6.0.
Ported code for Price Check System from Visual Basic 6.0 to VB.Net and C#.
Wrote different SQL data manipulation procedures for the ‘Price Check’ application.
Worked with ActiveX controls during the development stage of the project.
Designed relational data modules and created middle and high-volume databases using SQL Server 7.0.
Performed limited DBA functions using SQL Server, such as writing stored procedures, and triggers, creating DTS packages, maintaining users’ accounts and permissions for them, and synchronizing data between SQL Server and AS400.
Tested application using manual techniques (Stress, Smoke, Function, Integration, Security
Tests), performed Business Function test.
Provided support for the validation team to ensure complete coverage of the software requirements,
used Visual Basic script for software testing at various levels.
Created different tools for users such as custom applications for updating and retrieval of data
from AS400.
Provided technical support for Price Check System users.

Software Developer (February 1999-August 2000)
Comdisco ITS, Tewksbury, MA

Designed functional specifications for Security System software, and performed application
design and development using Visual Basic 6.0.
Used VBA language to write macros for Access, Excel, and MS Word applications.
Created and modified databases using MS Access and Oracle 7.
Designed and wrote procedures for the seamless transfer of data from Access to Dbase IV.
Performed manual tests for the security application, located software bugs and reported them
using the Bug Tracking System.
Trained technical support staff on the new products.
Used Visual SourceSafe for storing and tracking changes to files.

Education

2024Project Management Google Certificate Program
2002Programming with VB.NET,
ASP.NET, ADO.NET, C#
Microsoft Certificates Pinnacle Training Corporation (Woburn, MA)
1997 Client Server Development
Microsoft Certificate Clark University (Framingham, MA)
1990B.S., Major in Computer Science
Minor in Electronics Polytechnic Institute (Odesa, Ukraine)
Contact this candidate