KELLY W. GREEN
ad8vq7@r.postjobfree.com
Cell 720-***-****
SKILLS

As a quality assurance software test engineer, I have been testing software that resides on Roku and Set Top Boxes and companion devises for Cable TV. Including API, manual, and backend testing. Regression and progression testing using Charles proxy, Zeplin, Quantum, Atom, Get Lab, DHCT and DAC. Closing and updating bugs written in JIRA. I have tested WholeHouse and other applications on the back end of a cable system (non-public facing). The testing has been performed on ALM and SWORD.

EXPERIENCE

July 2020 to September 2024
Sentaca and IBM
Test engineer.
Testing on the following:

PS5, PS4 BRCM STBS Xbox one X and Xbox series x. Using Charles
to map to different manifest.
Test Roku devices including Roku TV and all Roku products.
Testing consists of working directly with Developers closing and commenting on
Jira tickets using the following:
Jira for bug tracking, Charles Proxy, Zeplin. Quantum, Quantum Groucho, Atom to adjust code, Get Lab, Postman, Terminal monitoring, Test Rail

August 2019 to December 2020
Charter Communications(contract):
Dev Test Engineer.
Test Roku devises including Roku TV and all Roku products.
Testing consist of working directly with Developers closing and commenting on Jira tickets using the following:
Jira for bug tracking
Charles Proxy.
Zeplin.
Quantum, Quantum Groucho.
Atom to adjust code.
Get Lab.
Postman
Terminal monitoring
Test Rail

June 2015 to June 2019
Time Warner Cable/Charter Communications (contract):
QA Test Engineer.
Companion Testing on OVP, IOS, Android and Roku.
Regression Testing
PPV,VOD,SDV,PIP,MRDVR, CC.
Jira for bug tracking
Mystro Conductor

March 2012 –June 2015
Cisco (contract):
QA Test Engineer
Testing the SW Drops for TWC
Pull logs from overnight scripts
Testing PPV,VOD,SDV,PIP,MRDVR
Pulling logs on ODN and FDR for overnight reboots and unresponsive STB.

April 2011-March 2012
NagraStar
QA Test Engineer- Special Projects Team
Satellite set top box testing Black box and White box.
Configuration for application server.
FTP testing for corrupt data and mocking up data.
Server-side testing including configuration for Pids.
Setting up servers to spool iAds.
Tracking bugs on JIRA.
Writing test cases for interactive advertisement.
Setting up the satellite QA lab for testing.

April 2009 – April 2011
Opentv
QA Test Engineer
Satellite set top box testing.
Configuration for application server.
Server-side testing including configuration for Pids.
Client-side testing for applications and iAds.
Tracking bugs on JIRA.
Writing test cases for interactive advertisement.
Setting up the satellite QA lab for testing.
Working with the broadcast streamer for SNMP testing.

October 2008– November 2009
Time Warner Cable (contract):
QA Test Engineer for SIT –MDN
MDN Client testing.
Perform upgrades and migrations.
SDV, RDVR, WholeHouse, Startover.
DNCS,DAC
Writing test cases.

September 2002 – October 2008
Self-Employed
Contractor
Refinish homes for resale and rental.
Supervise contractors.
Project management.
Tenant finish.
Tile and floor installation.

July 1992– September 2002
Integrated Cable Services
CATV Designer
Design and draft cable TV systems using AutoCAD and Lode Data.
Project management for such cable systems as Time Warner Cable, Cablevision, Adelphia, Comcast, Jones, and Scientific Atlanta.
Worked directly with cable companies on requested additions and revisions of plant systems.
Tested continuity and design of nodes and created solutions for future growth.
Setup of required cable and fiber specifications and created bill of materials for each system node.
Taught classes on design and as-built input on Load Data.

July 1991–July 1992
Thermodynamic Towers
Laborer
Manufactured parts for power plant cooling towers.

January 1991– July 1991
JDF Intercommunications
Installation Contractor
Building and repairing systems using magnetic fields to monitor the time spent waiting at the drive thru.
Installed over 75 systems in KS and MO.

1990–1991
Westmap
Drafter
Draft strand and as-build cable TV using a UNIX system.
Quality control.
Center lining streets.

EDUCATION

1987–1987 Front Range Community College Westminster, CO
1984-1986 Broomfield High School Broomfield, CO
Contact this candidate