Syed Hussain
(***) *** - **** ad8y0j@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Around 8 years’ experience as a QA Engineer in analysis, design and development and testing of Client/Server and Web Based Applications.
Extensive experience in Quality Assurance using Functional Testing, API Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing of Web Client/Server based applications, GUI testing, Integration Testing and UAT.
Expert in Testing Life Cycle (TLC): Including Risk Analysis, Planning Process, Test Design, Performing Test, Defect Tracking, Management and Test Reporting.
Experience in all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and working knowledge in Agile methodology, daily scrum meetings, and sprint planning.
Experience in Automation testing using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Jenkins, and Maven.
Experience in core Java Hands - on in creating/debugging/enhancing different automation frameworks (data driven, Keyword-driven, POM with Page factory).
Experience with BDD (Behavior Driven Development) with Data Driven Test Automation Framework using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions.
Experienced in automation of REST services using REST Assured, HTTP Client and tested both XML and JSON formats.
Experience with SCRUM, Agile Ceremonies and automation testing frameworks such as TestNG, Cucumber. Proficient in creating UI Automation framework like Module driven and Postman BDD framework for REST API from scratch.
Experience in Selenium Test Environment setup expert using the entire open-source tools.
Experience with SOA architecture which include Soap Web Service and RESTful Web Service Testing
Experience in CI tools like Jenkins and version control tools like Git.
Expertise in executing the test cases and raising the defects using the Defect Tracking Tool JIRA.
Experienced in Back-End testing to ensure data consistency on front-end by writing and executing SQL queries for data validation.
Excellent experience in troubleshooting software applications for business functions in major areas of the business and enterprise-wide.
Excellent interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical bent to problem solving and delivering under high stress environment.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Test Automation Tools/Frameworks
Selenium WebDriver, WebDriver, TestNG, JUnit, Cucumber, JMeter
Project Management and Agile Tools
Agile Scrum, JIRA
Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
Waterfall, STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle), SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle)
Database Management Systems
MySQL, SQL Server, SQL (Structured Query Language)
Programming Languages and Scripting
Java, JavaScript, BASH (Shell scripting)
Version Control and Build Tools
Git, GitHub, Maven
Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)
Visual Studio, Eclipse IDE, IntelliJ

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

QA Automation Engineer
EAT New York, NY January 2023 - Present
Participated in Requirement Analysis and Use-Case Analysis with Business Analysts, project Leads and end users.
Responsible for identifying test cases for manual and Automation with Selenium WebDriver for Smoke Test, Functional and Regression Tests.
Developed Automated Scripts to test web-based application using Selenium WebDriver, Java, and TestNG in Agile environment.
Reviewed requirements for testability and usability, consulted development staff with regards to system functionality.
Creating and Generating System test scripts for different test scenarios covering all aspects of project functionality.
Worked on Visual, performed extensive data driven testing using concepts of Parameterization.
Created Traceability between Requirements and Test Cases.
Validated product fixes and informed the Test Lead about any issues that may affect the schedule, or quality of the product or the testing process.
Tested application security features, including session expiry, book marking, passwords and compatibility across multiple browser types and encryption levels and conducted cross browser testing on the application.
Conducted data-driven testing on pricing functionality with different data sets.
Conducted formal bug review meetings& produced daily progress report to Business and Project Managers.
Assisted the team lead with daily QA tasks. Attended project meetings, release meetings, and QA status meetings.
Environment: Java, Testing, Selenium, TestNG, Maven, Cucumber, SQL, Jenkins, REST ASSURED, Postman, JIRA, Microsoft Office Excel, Agile, Windows.

QA Engineer
Montefiore Medical Center New York, NY July 2022 – January 2023
Participated in daily stand-up meetings, Sprint Planning and Retrospective meetings.
Implemented Data Driven with Page Object Model - Hybrid automation framework with Selenium WebDriver.
Performed Smoke, Functionality, Integration, System, Regression tests, user interface testing, usability testing, based on Analysis, and understanding of the requirements, non-functional specifications, and end-user needs.
Writing and executing test scenarios, test cases and test scripts using JAVA, Selenium WebDriver and TestNG with a good analysis of the element locators and web driver methods.
Designed and Developed UAT Regression automation script and Automation of functional testing framework for all modules using Selenium and WebDriver.
Prepared automation test framework (TestNG and Maven). And worked on acceptance testing using Cucumber.
Develop Test procedures, modify existing procedures to accommodate new changes for Window and Web based applications using automation tools like Selenium Web Driver and TestNG.
Tested API calls through web service (Postman) and validate response using Json code.
Contributed to the Continuous Integration pipeline running component builds, creating and running Deployment jobs on individual stages on Jenkins, and running automated and manual functional tests.
Performed Parallel and Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome and Firefox where multiple tests were run at the same time.
Performed web service testing with REST ASSURED by validating request and response for XML and Json files of Restful services.
Used and monitored JIRA to log, track and close defects as and when developers provide fix.
Used Git as code repository to manage code reviews.
Presented the project status/results on daily and weekly basis in the Project Meetings - Agile.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, Postman, JSON, REST ASSURED, SQL, Jira, Git, Agile, Windows.

QA Engineer
OpenExchange New York, NY August 2021 – May 2022
Responsible for gathering business requirements and writing functional specifications and process documents pertaining to new customizations or enhancements.
Involvement in all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Requirements specifications review, Test documentation, Application testing and Defect reporting.
Collaborated with product management teams in an agile environment to develop a comprehensive set of tests for the application.
Developed Test Scripts using automation framework with Java, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, TestNG, Apache POI using patterns like Page Object, Data driven testing and UI Mapping.
Wrote Scenarios, Scenario outlines and step definitions using Gherkin in Cucumber for BDD (Behavior Driven Development) and TDD (Test Driven Development).
Automated web-services testing using REST ASSURED and performed Restful web-services testing using get, post, put and delete methods.
Created automated test scripts via Selenium WebDriver for UI and functional testing which can be added to TestNG based automatic regression test suite.
Converted all manual test cases into Selenium automated scripts using Java.
Perform Web Service Testing using JSON and XML, REST API automation.
Used XPath in the context of Selenium in order to pick out page elements in a robust manner by using XPath Siblings.
Used Postman Tool for Web Services Testing to maintain API Workflow, and also from building API requests through testing, documentation and sharing.
Used built management tools like Maven and added the dependencies required for the tools used.
Involved in setting up continuous integration system using Jenkins and working knowledge with cloud-based code repository system like Github.
Reported the defects in the defect tracking tool (JIRA) and retested and tracked for its closure.
Interacted with End users and investigated issues relating to QA during UAT Phase
Involved in the daily standup meetings with Sr. Business Analyst and managers and understood various process plans, business process, and functionality in detail.
Environment: Java, Testing, Selenium, TestNG, Maven, Cucumber, SQL, Jenkins, REST ASSURED, Postman, JIRA, Microsoft Office Excel, Agile, Windows.

Software Test Engineer
People’s Pharmacy New York, NY February 2020 – February 2021
Followed Agile project management methodology, actively involved in scrum daily standup, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective meetings.
Responsible for working within a team to create, document and execute testing strategy, test plans, test cases and test scripts in support of a set of global tools, systems, and databases.
Implemented Data Driven Frameworks to create parameterized test scripts and generate reports using Selenium Web driver and TestNG framework.
Extensively involved in identifying test cases to automate. Automate those test cases using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Java (Eclipse IDE).
Implemented Selenium Grid to run Regression Tests on multiple platforms and browsers in parallel.
Contributed to the Continuous Integration pipeline running component builds, creating and running Deployment jobs on individual stages on Jenkins, and running automated and manual functional tests.
Worked with dynamic elements using XPath and CSS Selector locators, developed automation scripts using Selenium Web Driver.
Extensively worked in Web services and API Testing using Postman tool.
Performed GUI, Functional and Regression testing by automated using Selenium, TestNG, Maven, and Jenkins.
Used SQL Queries to retrieve the data from the table and to perform Backend Testing.
Coordinated with developers and record defects in JIRA to track until they are resolved. Lead root cause analysis and track defect resolution to completion.
Use GIT for Version Control and Code Collaboration to manage code reviews.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing).
Prepared reports by collecting and summarizing information to include providing accurate data for project reporting as well as a weekly personal status report to in the assigned template format.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber, GIT, POSTMAN, XML, Jenkins, Maven, Jira, SQL, XPath, Agile, Windows.

QA Tester
Macy’s New York, NY October 2018 – November 2019
Proficient in developing the UAT scenarios and test scripts to test in the UAT environment.
Conducted Regression Testing using Selenium, maintaining automation scripts and ensuring continuous integration.
Developed comprehensive test scenarios for inclusion in the test plan for TEST/PRE environments.
Designed and wrote anomaly testing procedures for new web-based developments and services, resulted in more accurate, streamlined and accurate testing of products.
Performed Quality Assurance testing on web-based applications.
Ensured adherence to QA standards and best practices, maintaining high levels of product quality.
Participated with lead QA team for building up BDD Framework using Selenium, Java, Cucumber, TestNG, Maven.
Executed all test phrases during System, Integration and Functional testing including Component, Regression, User Acceptance (UAT), Performance, Ad-Hoc and Stress testing etc.
Created, maintained, and executed test cases for both Manual and Automation Testing, ensuring thorough coverage and quality.
Conceptualized, designed and implemented automated functional API test cases using SOAP UI.
Created API automation test scripts using POSTMAN.
Utilized tools such as JIRA for defect tracking and reporting, ensuring clear and effective. communication of issues and their statuses.
Environment: Java, Selenium, TestNG, Cucumber, GIT, POSTMAN, Maven, Jira, SQL, Agile, Windows.

QA Analyst
Walgreens New York, NY June 2016 – February 2018
Analysis of Business and Requirement Specification and formulation of Test Plans and Test Cases in Quality Center for the Functional, Integration, end-to-end, Usability and smoke testing.
Performed the Manual Testing of the application before switching over to the automation phase.
Suggested improvements in test process by gathering and analyzing data.
Reviewed and analyzed Detail Designed Specification and Technical Specification documents.
Involved in complete QA Life Cycles.
Managed defect reporting and tracking using JIRA.
Created, managed and executed Test Cases.
Performed Manual Testing to check flow of the application.
Managed weekly management status reports and coordinated meetings between test team and development team to review defects.
Environment: Manual Testing, JIRA, HTML, Java Script, SQL, Windows.

EDUCATION

NPower Tech Fundamentals, New York, NY
16-week instructional program designed to launch tech careers through hands on training, internships, and microwork projects. The program is centered on CompTIA’s A+ and ITF+, & Google IT Support certifications.

The City College of New York, Bachelors.
Contact this candidate