VALLIPRIYA MEYYAPPAN
Mobile: +1-657-******
Glendale, AZ, USA
Software QA Tester (March 2021 to Till date)
E-mail: adz1ey@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Experience
• Enthusiastically delivered system’s high quality and reliability with zero defects, focused on the key inputs of the requirements/user stories and delivered the right quality in a timely fashion with maximum Business satisfaction consecutively for A big project (Perfecto mobile and desktop testing)
• 16 months of IT professional experience in software quality assurance.
• As a Quality Assurance tester two of the product lines in the company, I make sure that the products are fit for purpose, are consistent and meet both internal and external Quality standards. Migration testing from on-prem Machines to AWS cloud Instances.
• Develop, implement, document and maintain the product line quality practices including procedures, metrics, standards, specifications and reporting meeting various industry specific standards.
• Recommend quality improvement practices and processes based on current and emerging technologies improving performance and efficiency with more than 50% and reducing costs and administrative time with more than 30%
• Focused on deliverables, work closely, track and follow up with Business/Client and Technical team to understand the requirements/use cases, needs and delivering the business benefits.
• SME – Industry leading Web Application Testing, Pipelines, JIRA, Implementing best practices.
• Ownership of driving end to end Quality assurance projects and insisting on the highest quality standards, earned trust from business stakeholders.
• Great communication skills, strong analytic & problem solving skills, quick learner.
• Proven results in my role of QA Engineer for clients Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Work Profile
1. Relaxationer – Webpage QA Test Engineer (Mar 2021 – till date) through Upwork. Project Details
Develop test strategy, Test plan
Create test cases, execute test scenarios, document test results in the JIRA
Defect management life cycle
Used IntellIJ, Jenkins, JIRA to validate the quality of the products developed by Development team.
Coordinate with Development team, Business stake holders, product owners and scrum masters
Manual testing, functional testing, regression testing, Usability, UAT
Prepare the QA Status dashboard and share the status with all the stakeholders
Involved in unit testing, system testing, integration testing, UAT testing.
Successful UAT execution for a huge project which includes coordination of Business, Client, Technical & testing team. Made this an awesome UAT Execution for business stakeholders.
Test analyze, document test strategy and plan, High and low level test Design, design automated regression & incremental framework and execute test cases, UAT, PIV & Warrant testing.
Defect life cycle management & reported/monitored test execution dashboard.
Document test results report and implement the release, provided UAT and warranty support
Gather requirements from Business team, develop test design, interact with client Team, deliver quality products to Business.
Delivering QA deliverables on time, worked on Agile Scrum model with 2-week sprint.
Prepare valid data for positive testing. Majorly involved in functional testing and verify accounting entries for specific set of transactions. Retail payment systems validations for online core banking software.
Technical Expertise
Operating System UNIX, Windows XP
Business Areas Universal Banking, Banking – web applications. Software
Technologies
MS Excel, HTML, JIRA
Database Toad 11g, SQL Developer
Testing Tools QC, JIRA
Testing
Methodology
Waterfall Model, Agile Model (Scrum, Kanban models) Education
Bachelor of Accounts and Economics 2009 to 2012, MK University – Completed till 5th semester, Not completed 6th Semester as I got married.
H.Sc from Tamil Nadu state board, India - year 2009
S.S.L.C from Tamil Nadu Matriculation Board, India - year 2007 Declaration
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. Yours Sincerely,
(Vallipriya Meyyappan)
Contact this candidate