Supriya Pandey
Contact: +91-844******* OR +91-838*******
adz2pl@r.postjobfree.com
Passport: U0581662
10+ years experienced QA Engineer with strong managerial skills, outstanding domain knowledge, good educational backgrounds and innovative problem-solving ability. An Overview
● Technically sophisticated professional with 10+ years of extensive experience in Software Testing and designing the QA test procedure and good practices.
● Extensive experience in client handling and people management, leading and mentoring the QA teams, freshers/juniors and taking interviews for new hires.
● Expertise in creating various testing related artifacts like Test strategy, Test plans, Test Summary and Test Closure Reports/Sign off documents.
● Discussions of defect triage calls with clients and internal stakeholders.
● Prepare progress reports and schedules daily, weekly and monthly calls with offshore clients.
● Writing and executing complex software test cases for the shared BRD and use cases.
● Extensive experience in collaborating with on-shore and off-shore clients to understand their requirements.
● Experience in test automation using Protractor/Cypress tools using JavaScript and Jasmine as BDD with Page object model technique.
● Team leading and mentoring, assigning and reviewing the tasks, daily morning /evening connect with QA teams for progress/status check.
● Experience in gathering business requirements through workshops, gap analysis and preparing functional design documents, writing complex test cases and test coverage.
● Hands-on experience in Software testing, finding critical bugs, debugging and RCA, bug tracking and doing the follow-up with developers till the bug closure.
● Hands-on experience in UI/Functional testing, ETL technologies and testing, Sanity and smoke testing, functional testing, cross-browser, regression and retesting, UAT, System Integration testing, GCP Platform, BigQuery data validation, Pub-sub and AI /ML Testing etc.
● Experience in Load and Performance testing using the JMeter tool.
● Hands-on experience in Website and Mobile application testing (Android and iOS) and finding critical defects.
● Experience in API Testing using Postman and Database validations.
● I have done Diploma and B.Tech in CSE with good marks (73%).
● Hands-on experience in website and Mobile application testing (both Android and iOS based).
● Commitment to cooperative team work and involved in delivering high quality products to clients, including a strong ability to identify and solve ambiguous problems.
● Ability to manage different test metrics and interpret them to management.
● Strong skills in diagnosing complex production issues for the web and mobile applications against requirement specifications.
● Experience in working with Agile testing methodology for Sprint based projects and Agile tools such as JIRA, Azure DevOps.
● Excellent written and verbal communication skills, analytical skills, with a track record of working effectively with Development Engineering and other functions. Organizational Scan
● Quantiphi Solutions Pvt Ltd: (June’21 -Present) Currently working as a "Lead QA Engineer”.
● IHS Markit: (April’ 20 -May'21) Worked as a “Lead QA Engineer”.
● Bhavna Software India Pvt. Ltd. Noida: (Nov'16- March’ 20) worked as a Senior QA Engineer.
● USTRAA- Grooming for Men (aka Happily Unmarried Marketing Pvt. Ltd ): (May’14 – Oct'16) worked as a QA Engineer.
● Samsung Engineering Lab,Noida:(Jan’13 -April’14), worked as a Technical Associate
(2).
Academic Credentials
2010-2013: Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering, from Uttrakhand Technical University, Dehradun.
Secured 71% marks, admission as Lateral entry (direct admission in Second year) Diploma in CSE from Govt. Girls Polytechnic Dehradun, Uttrakhand. Secured 73% marks. Technical Scan
Manual Testing Requirement Analysis, Test Planning, Writing & Executing Test cases, Team Leading, ETL testing,, Bug- reporting & Tracking, Database Testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Retesting Bugs, Sanity Testing, Manual and Automation testing, cross-
browser/device testing, defect densities and RCA,
Usability Testing, UAT, Black Box and White Box
Testing, Knowledge of SDLC and STLC, Bug life cycle, Agile methodology
Database SQL, MYSQL, MongoDB, BigQuery, ETL technologies Automation Testing Tools Protractor with Jasmine(Hands-on experience), Ranorex, Selenium, Cypress, Playwright
Cloud/Load Testing JMeter, POSTMAN, Swagger, Test rail, Qtest, BrowserStack (UIAutomation), AI/ML testing, GCP
Cloud testing
Scripting Languages JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Python(Basic) Bug Tracking Tools JIRA, Azure DevOps, HP ALM
Scripting Tools BitBucket, GITHub, SourceTree, Bamboo (CI/CD tool) Projects Overview
Quantiphi Solutions Pvt Ltd (June’21 - Present)- Currently working as a “Lead QA Engineer”.
● Collaborating and coordinating with clients and developers at all stages to promote quality at every stage of product developement.
● Leading and mentoring the QA teams, taking interviews for new hires.
● Writing and executing complex software test cases for the shared BRD and use cases using TestRail tool.
● Experience in test automation using Protractor/Cypress with JavaScript using Page Object Model.
● Designing the QA Test procedure and good practices.
● Preparing various testing related artifacts like Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Summary Reports etc.
● Assigning and reviewing the tasks, daily morning /evening connect with QA teams for progress/status check.
● Discussions of defect triage calls with clients and internal stakeholders.
● Have strong experience in various testing technologies and testing types For Exp: ETL testing, Database validation, GCP, AI/ML testing, UAT, Smoke and Sanity Testing, Gray-box testing, Regression & Retesting, Functional and cross-browser Testing, adhoc testing, System Integration testing etc.
● Website and Mobile application testing and finding critical defects.
● API testing using Postman /Swagger tools, Database validations and ETL technologies.
● Following agile testing methodology,bug tracking and reporting using agile tools such as JIRA and Azure DevOps.
IHS Markit (April’20 – May'21)- Worked as a Lead QA Engineer.
● Leading and mentoring junior QA members, taking interviews for new hires.
● Collaborating and coordinating with clients and developers at all stages to promote Quality.
● Experience in test automation using Protractor/ Cypress with JavaScript using Page Object Model.
● Have strong experience in UAT, Smoke Testing and Sanity Testing, gray-box testing, Regression Testing and Re-testing, Functional Testing, Unit and Integration testing etc.
● Writing and executing software test cases and test plans using qTest and TestLink.
● API testing using Postman /Swagger tools and Database testing (Database validations).
● Bug tracking and reporting using JIRA and Version control using GitHub.
● Tested various Web and Mobile apps (both on android and iOS platform). Bhavna Corp (Nov'16-March’20)- I worked here as a “Senior QA Engineer". ●Created framework from scratch for Automation testing (Selenium, Protractor and Ranorex tools).
●Good experience in Automation testing (both UI and API testing).
●Performed Web API automation using C# and NUnit.
●Created automation end-to-end framework for Regression Testing.
●Collecting test data and Execution of System tests.
● Successfully completed all Functional, Integration, Exploratory & System Testing.
● Performed Smoke, Sanity, UAT, Ad-hoc testing, test stubs, Regression and black box testing etc.
● Good experience in Bug Tracking and reporting using defect management tools(JIRA, BUGZILLA).
● Knowledge of testing terminologies, business logic, business validation, level of testing and testing techniques.
● Created test plans, test documents and reviewed the test cases written by junior team members.
● Extensive experience in testing Web based & Client Server Application.
● Good experience in mobile applications testing (both Android and iOS).
● Commitment to cooperative team work and involved in delivering high quality products to clients.
● Experience in working with different testing methodologies like Agile, Waterfall and Iterative waterfall testing methodologies.
● Strong skills in finding defects in software, web and mobile applications against requirement specification.
USTRAA : Grooming For Men (aka Happily Unmarried Marketing Pvt Ltd Delhi):
(May’14 –Oct’16)
This is a product based e-com company. Here I worked as a Test Engineer.
● Collaborating with product designers and developers at all stages to promote quality.
● Designed and executed test plans, test case preparation/execution and test analysis.
● Mobile app testing (both on android and iOS platform) and Selenium UI automation.
● Strong experience in testing using different platforms like iOS, Android.
●Have strong experience in Smoke and Sanity Testing, Re-testing and Regression Testing. ● Experience of defect life cycle and bug/issue reporting, verifying issues and testing.
Samsung India Electronics Pvt. Ltd. Noida: (Jan’13 -April’14) This is a telecom based company. Here we tested the Samsung handset features. I joined as a Technical Associate and was promoted within 6 months to Technical Associate(2) post.
● Designed and executed test plans, test case preparation/execution and test analysis. ● Experience in defect life cycle and bug reporting, verifying issues and testing.
● Knowledge of Software Development Process and GSM, GPRS, 3G Networks.
● Used defect tracking tool HP ALM.
● Tested Android and Windows based Mobile features.
● Mobile applications testing like SMS, EMS, MMS, Call Handling (Audio), E-Mail, Browser, Radio testing, Settings, Security, Supplementary Services, Bluetooth and Multimedia Applications (Camera, Video Camera) etc. features on smartphones on various platforms Windows, Android and iOS.
Achievements
● Secured 90 percentile (top 10% score) in an All-India based Ranking and 95 percentile (top 5% score) in the State Level based ranking at the 10 th
National IT Aptitude Test
conducted by NIIT.
Extra-Curricular Activities
● Awarded with the “Certificate of Recognition” on behalf of Google for successful completion of the “Adani NOC” project in current company..
● Member of the QA automation team which has been awarded the 'Best Team of the Year' in the last company.
● Completed a Certified Course on Java carried out by NIIT.
● Completed a Certified Course on Network Management including training in LINUX/UNIX operating systems, carried out by Nettech.
● Secured "Think Ethics'' certificate from Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
● Member of the Organizing Committee for Utkrisht’12 (National-Level Tech Fest) during college time.
Contact this candidate