Jobayda Khanom

E-mail- adz6ht@r.postjobfree.com
202-***-****
US Citizen

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Seven years of experience in software Analysis, Design, Development and Software Testing (Manual and Automation) of Web Applications.
Expertise in working with Selenium IDE and Selenium Web Driver using TestNG java framework.
Experience on developing a framework using a design pattern -Page Object Model
Expert in working in different Testing Methodologies like Agile, Agile – Scrum Model, Waterfall- Model.
Well experienced in implementation through Waterfall, Agile methodologies and actively participated in all Scrum ceremonies.
Well acquainted with all phases of Software Developing Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Defect Life Cycle (DLC).
Experienced in functional requirement analysis, effort estimation, identifying test conditions, creating test cases, reviewing test cases and executing test cases, test scripts in Selenium WebDriver.
Proven ability in developing Behavior-Driven Development with Java programming language and Cucumber to write Step Definitions for behavior.
Proficient in Testing, Debugging, Bug/defect tracking, Application performance tuning and System analysis.
Implemented Automation framework on Frontend UI and test the feature and report to the Client.
Experienced in writing SQL Queries to perform Backend Testing.
Well versed with SQL queries to run the data integrity tests.
Strong expertise in implementation of Automation Architecture/ Frameworks.
Thoroughly Cross browser tested projects to support Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome.
Strong knowledge on Web Service & Hands-on Experienced in API Testing using REST Assured library and POSTMAN.
Good communication and inter-personal skills, accustomed to work in a team environment with tight schedules.
Capable of working efficiently under pressure, manage multiple project and cross train sub-ordinates in other Functional areas.

SKILLS:
Testing methods
Functional, Regression, Smoke, System and Integration Testing
Testing tools
Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, TestNG, Cross Browser Testing
Tools
Jira, Azure DevOps, Rally, Git, GitHub, AZURE DEVOPS, JDBC Driver, Apache POI, Jenkins, Splunk, Confluence
Frameworks
POM, BDD, Hybrid Driven
Languages
Java, SQL, HTML, XML, Gherkin, JavaScript
IDE
Eclipse, IntelliJ
RDBMS
Oracle, MySQL
API Testing Tools
RESTful, REST Assured, POSTMAN, JSON

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Optima Health, Richmond, Virginia
QA Engineer
May 2020 – Present

Roles and Responsibilities:
Developed the Automation Test Scripts in Selenium WebDriver using Java based on the design pattern Page Object Model for reusability.
Used Behavior-Driven Development with Cucumber, Java and created Feature Files with Scenario and Scenario Outline as well as writing Step Definitions for behavior.
Used Data-Driven Framework with Apache POI to read the data from Excel file and write the data to Excel file.
Wrote JavaScript Automation code to very scrolling into web application.
Designed and developed Page Objects using Page Object Model design pattern and Selenium WebDriver.
Experienced with RESTful API and used HTTP requests to GET, PUT, POST and DELETE data.
Logged the defects in JIRA and maintained track of the defects throughout the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Responsible for complex and highly integrated software systems developed in an agile/iterative development environment.
Conducted manual and automation regression testing for each release and patch.
Developed test-oriented SQL Queries to query the database to test the back-end process of the application.
Worked in the Frontend user interface and implemented test techniques to test the features.
Experienced in Backend testing in Oracle Database with SQL Queries.
Discussed issues, status for tracking the progress with project teams.
Made operational recommendations to management and the development team.
Prepared Test deliverables including test results and defect status reports.
Prepared Test Summary reports to inform the testing effort Test managers, Developers, Release managers.
Actively participated in Sprint planning meetings and reviews with Offsite Teams to assess impacts on test plan and test strategy due to Change Requests and new functionalities added in Applications.

Environment:
Java, JavaScript, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Gherkin, Maven, TestNG, Jenkins, Git, GitHub. MS Excel, MS Office, PowerPoint.

Sprint-Nextel, New York, NY
QA Analyst
July’ 2019 –Apr’ 2020

Roles and Responsibilities:

Involved in creating Test Plans, Test cases and Test specification Document for the application under test (AUT).
Configured and automated Feature Scenarios using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Gherkin and Maven.
Merged branches via Git and pull requests via GitHub per release management process to minimize risk to releases. Created JSON POST and GET requests for RESTful API services using POSTMAN to assert responses.
Reported software defects in Azure DevOps and interacted with the developers to resolve technical issues.
Executed Manual Test cases for the application developed.
Involved in database testing using SQL queries with Oracle database.
Checked the UAT results and marked their readiness for the product launch on the integrated short code.
Conducted Status review and prepared status compilation reports to achieve milestones and deadlines for various teams including management group on weekly basis.
Extensively involved in Smoke, Functional, Regression, End-to-End Testing and monitored the behavior of the applications during different phases of testing.
Followed Agile Testing methodology, participated in daily Scrum meetings and testing each Sprint deliverables.

Prudential Financial, Roseland, NJ
Software Tester
July’ 2016– June’ 2019

Roles and Responsibilities:
Prepared Test cases to check the various combinations of quote building questions.
Executed Manual Functional testing based on analysis and understanding of the requirements and deployment environment.
Coordinated the overall execution of the test plan with group and business representatives.
Verified Test results through analysis of graphical user interfaces, databases, printed output, and data transmissions.
Created Non-Functional Testing Plans & Requirements for Applications, Middleware and Databases.
Logged the defects in Rally and maintained track of the defects throughout the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Worked with development, project management, and Job support.
Documented test cases and performed manual testing using Quality Center/ALM.
Logged, assigned severity and tracked bugs using Quality Center/ALM.
Involved with database query tools for Oracle, SQL
Tested the other applications integration with the online document display application.
Identified the risk factors in test execution and defined the bottleneck process.

Educational Qualification:
Bachelor of Business Administration
Major Finance and Economics
North South University, Dhaka Bangladesh
Passing year: 2019 (Completed course fully remote from USA)

Reference: Available upon request
Contact this candidate