QA Lead Test Engineer

Harin
Mobile: 469-***-****
Email: adz6rf@r.postjobfree.com

Career Brief:

Lead Quality Assurance Test engineer with over 11 years of experience on Automation Testing with a strong background in software Web & desktop application testing, seeking a challenging role that leverages my expertise in both Automation Testing, Functional and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to drive quality-driven outcomes and enhance overall project success. As a Senior Automation Test Engineer experience in Selenium, RestAssured API Testing& UFT/QTP tools, testing methodology and test plan formulation. Proficient in testing on Web based, Client/Server. Well versed in various stages of the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Agile methodologies, including Test design, Test development, Test Execution, and implementation. Skilled at writing system test plans, defining test cases and developing and maintaining test scripts. Working experience in BFSI (Finance & Insurance-Claim Center, Policy Center), & Airlines Products.
Summary
Having 11 years of experience in using Automation Testing and Functional Testing and API Testing with Selenium, UFT, RestAssured tools.
Expertise in Automation, Functional, End to End testing and Validation.
Understanding Requirements, Test Design, Test Automation, Test Execution, Defect Reporting & Tracking, Regression, Test Status Reporting Activities.
As QA Lead following QA Process for Test maintains on Test Execution and Consolidated Test Report and tracking Bugs with product owners.
Monitoring & reporting QA progress of testing execution, testing coverage, defect identification and resolution
Experience in Finastra Banking systems and on BFSI-Guidewire Product
Experience on Insurance domain Guidewire’s Policy Center & Claim Center.
Experience with Test Automation tools such as Selenium, UFT/QTP.
Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA, Confluence, ALM.
Expertized in analysing Business/System Requirements, Test Scenarios and developing Test Strategy, Test Plans, Test Cases and Automated Test Scripts.
Performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on BFSI and Aviation application.
Experience working Webservices testing REST Assured &Postman tools.
Worked on Migration Project from mainframes to Web applications.
On premise experience in working with clients to evaluate business needs.
Experience on designing test scripts based on client’s requirement.
Experience in using version control tools like Subversion (SVN), Git, GitHub.
Experience in using CI/CD tool o Jenkins
Experience in using Java to implement test scripts in Selenium Web Driver for automation.
Developed and executed automation scripts for Regression and Functional Testing using Selenium.
Proficient in writing Selenium WebDriver automation scripts in Java using TestNG for parallel execution and generated test reports using TestNG and Maven build tool.
java Automation Testing for Web Applications.
Proficient in Software Engineering Process Models and Standards.
Design and Implementation of Automation frameworks, formulating the driver script and the requisites.
Worked on Effort Estimations, Staffing & Commercials.
Have worked on Automation Artefacts for QTP/UFT, Selenium.
Experience on integration testing.
Worked on designing Automation report templates.
Development of regression test suite both functional and automation (Using QTP/UFT and selenium)..
Specialized in preparing scripts for GUI and Functionality Testing, System Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT), including Regression testing for Web and Client-server based application.
Good exposure in Software Test Life Cycle (STLC).
Knowledge of VB Script and Java.
Strong Debugging and Problem-solving skills.
A professional and confident style, with drive & enthusiasm and with a strong ability to multi-task.
Strong management, communication, technical and remote collaboration skills with the ability to communicate professionally and effectively.
Involved in pre-sales activities such as POCS, test proposal and effort estimations.

Technical Skills
QA Automation Tools
UFT, QTP, Selenium Automation, Rest Assured
Bug Tracking Tools
ALM, JIRA, Confluence, QMetry, Bugzilla, Zephyr
Programming Languages
Java, VB Script
Databases
SQL, Oracle
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, Ms Office, Ms Outlook, Ms Excel, Java, XML
Framework Environment
POM, Visual Studio 2012/2008, Eclipse, JDK, TestNG, BDD, Data Driven, Keyword Driven, Hybrid Driven
Methodologies
Agile (Scrum), Waterfall Model, SDLC
Tools
GitHub, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Postman
Application Environments
BFSI, Guidewire (Policy Center & Claim Center), Aviation

Degree
College/University
BACHELOR’S DEGREE
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science & Technology, JNTU University, India 2010

Project Experience

Company: State Street Services
Client: Currnex Project: CNX/X2 Test Automation Role: QA Lead Engineer Duration: Feb’20 to Till Date

Description:
Automation of CNX/X2 is a trading application with involvement of Banks (Makers), Customers (Takers) and Brokers (White Labelling). Takers request price quotes for which Makers provide currency through hubs. With spread calculations playing major role, application works with Margin and credit features. All the Regression & UAT test cases have been identified and performed POC on each app before we start with Automation activities. Automation execution results will be validated with the help of BT/BTQA approval process. Regularly validating and updating the data.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Working in different phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) including Agile Methodology (SCRUM).
Experience in Web based and API testing including GUI and UAT Testing, Regression Testing, System Testing, Functional Testing and Manual Testing.
Expertized in analysing Business/System Requirements, Test Scenarios and developing Test Strategy, Test Plans, Test Cases and Automated Test Scripts.
Automation experience using Selenium WebDriver, API Rest Assured and UFT/QTP tools, TestNG and Maven Hybrid frameworks.
Solid experience of Defect/Test Management tools like JIRA, Confluence, QMetry, Zephyr, Quality Centre and Bugzilla.
Created and maintained Automated Test Script for API testing using Restful.
Experience working Webservices testing REST Assured &Postman
Experience in Finastra Banking systems
Performed API Level testing for web services, enhanced the Test harness and developed many Test suites using XML.
Performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on application.
Used Selenium, TestNg for Rest Assured API to automate tests.
Sound knowledge of test management tool HP Quality Center, HP Application Lifecycle Management and Rational Clear Quest tools.
Proficient in using test automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven tool, UFT/QTP to develop automation testing scripts.
Expertise in developing Hybrid Automation Framework with different patterns like data driven, Modular, UI Mapping and Page Object model.
Worked with snippet tool.
Automation Proficient in writing Selenium WebDriver automation scripts in Java using TestNG for parallel execution and generated test reports using TestNG.
Performed CI/CD automation using Jenkins and Maven.
Excellent experience with source version control tools such as Subversion (SVN), Perforce & Git.
Hands on experience in Develop Automation Scripts, Execution and Analysis Test Results using Hybrid, Keyword Driven Framework and Data Driven Framework in Selenium.
Strong communication & interaction with Clients, Developers, Business Analysts, Management.
Proven ability in working individually or as a part of team, Problem solving, Process improvement activities, Analytical skills, reporting.
Environment / Tools:
Selenium WebDriver, Rest Assured API Automation, HP QTP/UFT 14.0o, Windows 10, QC 11.52, IE 11.0, Maven, TestNg, Java Environment

Company: Broadridge Financial Solutions
Client: City Networks Project: Proactive Matching Role: Senior QA Automation Test Engineer Duration: Jul’16 to Feb’20

Description:
Matching is City Networks confirmation control system. It provides the customer with the ability to make the confirmation matching process much easier, faster and more accurate, identify deals where there is the potential for initiating a loss-making payment and indicate if the Host, Counterparty or Broker confirmation is in error and make sure a correction is received.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Played a key role in the successful execution of large technology-intensive engagements.
Specialized in Automation, Functional, System Integration, End to End testing and Validation.
Expertise in tracking the required test metrics for the testing projects and publish results to the stake holders on weekly basis.
Designed and developed Automation scripts for testing GUI/WEB applications using automated test Tools Selenium WebDriver, HP UFT/QTP.
Worked closely with compliance specialists to implement SDLC testing guidelines.
Analysis of Existing framework & Engine.
Preparing new functions to handle the complex requirements of the application
Understanding the functionalities of the system
Analysing Requirements
Creation of automation scripts using QTP
Performing automation testing
Performing Functional Testing and Regression Testing
Analysing Test Results
Defect Logging and tracking through QC and Jira, Confluence
Performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Involving in review meetings with project team
Creating new automation scripts
Managing and maintaining automation test framework, regression and smoke scripts
Coordinating with test team members to ensure any changes are fed into scripts
Continually reviewing and ensuring alignment to the overall Automation Strategy and Framework
Report progress and provide any test metrics or reports required to support the Test Manager/Lead.
Accurately and comprehensively record defects discovered during execution of test cases.
Continual improvement and ad-hoc test team activities as required
Performing Manual Testing activities to support functional team during releases as required.

Environment / Tools:
Selenium WebDriver, HP QTP/UFT 14.01, Windows 10, ALM QC, IE 11.0, Java Environment,

Company: Cigniti Technologies
Client: ALFA Insurance
Project: Insurance Management (ModelN Inc)
Role: Senior Test Engineer
Duration:Sep2013’ to Jul’2016

Description:
Alabama Farmers Federation (ALFA) is a top-rated insurance company with over a million policies in force. Their main products in insurance are Auto, Home, Life, Farm, Business, Health, and Dental. LIFT is a significant investment that ALFA is making to improve their technology and processes to serve customers better. Through LIFT, ALFA will be able to offer customers self-service options they've asked for, simplify manual processes and requests in home office departments, improve field technology to help our sales team serve customers more efficiently, offer more competitive products, and help the company remain competitive with other insurers.

LIFT is a significant undertaking and will touch many of the areas where we serve our customers including new business, policyholder service, claims and billing. LIFT will be a multi-year program and is focused predominantly on our property and casualty business. ALFA have formed a team composed of its employees from several departments and their field partners to work with experts from Guidewire. LIFT will enable ALFA to serve customers better, enhance our products and run our company more efficiently and effectively.

Doc Production which caters to a million+ investors at Alfa Insurance is undergoing a major revamp of its technology platform which uses Thunderhead as its source for producing documents. This application will function and scale to meet the needs of the ALFA Insurance for AL, GA, MI states accounting department. QA to perform manual functional testing in this stream
Guidewire provides flexible Core systems that enable to deliver insurance the way user wants to. Guidewire Core system suite spans the entire auto and property/Casualty (P/c) insurance lifecycle i.e., Policy Center, Claim Center, Billing Center..

Roles & Responsibilities:
Created and maintain Project Plan, Test Plan, overall Test Strategy document and Test Scripts on Policy center & Claim Center modules.
Prepared Test Completion Report executed Regression Testing, System Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), and Smoke Testing & Functional Testing on designed suites on Claim center & policy Center modules.
Analysed business requirements, system architecture and design Test scenarios on Claim center & policy Center modules.
Done POC to new enhancement for Automation feasibility for designed Testcases on Claim center scenarios.
Prepared Test Beds, Test Data planning and migrated from old source to new system for Claim center.
Reviewed QA Test Plans, requirements and testing progress to meet quality objectives.
Prepared proof of concept, QA Test Strategy, detail planning effort for automatic statement generation etc.
Played a lead role in developing Test Cases in a spreadsheet and uploaded them to Quality Centre Test Plan module and executed them in QC/ALM test lab for various source systems.
Prepared training materials for gathering materials, QC/ALM reporting, Test Strategy QA methodologies, automation frameworks, design, defects reporting and other QA templates.
Responsible for development of new tools using QTP/UFT and VB scripts useful for business needs.
Performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on application.
Enhanced Regression Test Cases to implement complex testing scenarios, increased permeations of Functionality Testing and increased code coverage using QTP/UFT.
Performed GUI interface testing at client side using QTP/UFT.
Created, updated and maintained the object repository.
Enhanced QTP/UFT automation scripts with synchronization points, data table, parameterization and functions.
Performed role based testing and single sign on testing for the applications.
Prepared weekly, daily progress reports for higher management.

Environment / Tools:
HP QTP/UFT 12.01, Windows 10, QC 11.52, IE 11.0, Java Environment.

Company: Cigniti Technologies Client: Jet Airways Project: AeroSystems
Role: Automation Test Engineer
Duration: Dec’11 to Sep’13

Description:
The Ticket Management & Crew Management for Airlines is comprehensive software solution that enables efficient scheduling, management, and tracking of crew members for an airline. This system is designed to streamline crew operations, optimize crew assignments, ensure regulatory compliance, and enhance overall crew productivity. The project description includes the following key components

Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed the Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Strategy for the project.
Performed Test Case management and defect management using HP-Application Life cycle Management tool.
Logged bugs in the HP-Application Life cycle Management(ALM) tool.
Worked with QTP/UFT to create, manage and execute Test Sets.
Maintained QTP/UFT Test Libraries and executed Test Plans.
Developed manual Test Script and converted to automated script using Quick Test Professional (QTP/UFT).
Created dynamic & efficient QTP/UFT Automation Framework.
Performed Automation with expert use of Quick Test Pro (QTP/UFT).
Conducted sanity testing of the application based on user requirements.
Coordinated meetings with the development teams for appropriate handling of the bugs and their timely resolution.
Performing User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on Aviation application.
Communicated with application developers, project managers and other team members on application testing status on an ongoing basis when necessary.
Closely worked with offshore teams with different time zones.
Reported Regression Test Status to clients.
Interacted with the team members and participated in review meeting with developers and business analysts for understanding the requirements.

Environment / Tools:
HP QTP/UFT 12.01, Windows 10, QC 11.52, IE 11.0, Java Environment
Contact this candidate