Sravani Jayaraman
adz7yi@r.postjobfree.com
Ph- 503-***-****

SUMMARY:
Over 9+ Years of IT experience as a QA Engineer/Lead in analysis, design, development and IT experience ranges from health insurance and manufacturing industries with strong development knowledge. Experience in the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using the Agile Methodology and Waterfall Methodology
●Expertise in understanding of business requirements and user requirement analysis
●Experienced in Performing sanity testing, integration testing, regression testing, functional testing, smoke
●Detecting, classifying and reporting bugs through HP ALM, Synapse RT
●Good hands on Experience in SOAPUI,Postman and Figma
●Experienced in various methodologies like Waterfall and Agile
●Excelled written and verbal communication & interpersonal skills
●Knowledge of MS Office tools including MS project, PowerPoint and Visio
SKILLS:
Database: Oracle, MS SQL Server,Mongodb
Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/00/XP and NT, Mac OS
Languages: SQL, JAVA
DB Tools: SQL Developer
Testing Tools: Mercury Test Director, SynapseRT,HP ALM, JIRA, X-ray,Oracle Toad 11.06, SOAP UI, Postman, Selenium
Project Management Tools: Microsoft Office, MS Visio, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft Project
Certification: CSM,CSPO

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Zyyah – Dallas, TX MAY 2023 – SEP 2023
QA Lead

ZYYAH is the digital home management companion that gets to know you and your home personally to provide tailored guidance that makes your homeowner experience radically simple. ZYYAH also known as “The Best Way to Home” is a one stop shop for everything home. ZYYAH makes it easy to manage, maintain, document, repair, remodel, buy and sell, all through one platform. We provide all the tools to manage your home and connect you to the products, service, and experts you need

Responsibilities
●QA Team Leadership: Organized priorities for QA team and related ZYYAH Partners, reviewed the work of others, and have set team goals. Provided operational and technical direction, allocated work to attain the expected milestones while reducing risks. Facilitated complex Business-technology discussions and leads to the definition of a solution. Managed QA milestones/tasks related to the portfolio software releases.
●QA Program Execution: Planned and led the day-to-day execution aspects of the QA function within the ZYYAH program in a “hands on'' manner, working across virtual teams both within ZYYAH and with the vendors. Coordinated the QA efforts of a diverse team of multi-disciplined individuals, driving towards key goals/objectives of the Program. Bridged the gap between Business/Operations with Technology implementation, formulating solutions that leverage/optimize the use of the resources. Identified and managed the critical path and milestones of a schedule. Project planning, execution, and control of risks. Closely monitored project progress and ensured timely completion.
●Testing Support: Planed, defined, and managed test plans related to the scope of work within the portfolio of releases. Reviewed test procedures and developed test cases. Documented, executed and evaluated test results. reported defects. Tracked defects and helps troubleshoot errors. Serve as Subject matter expert for application software quality.
●Risk Management: Adheres to company policies and procedures and complies with legal and regulatory requirements. Accountable for QA execution risk management, compliance, and audit performance for area(s) of responsibility. Establishes or works with management to develop effective controls and processes to ensure risks are measured, monitored/controlled and compliance requirements are adhered to on an on-going basis. Maintains current knowledge of risk-related changes that may impact assigned area(s) of responsibility.
●Status Reporting: Prepare and report QA status on a regular basis, including metrics needed for various constituents. Direct the communication of status and issues to the direct manager in a timely manner as expected. Escalations to management and business as required. Able to maintain and report project delivery tracking and metrics.
Environment: Java, Mongodb, JIRA X-ray, Postman API, Selenium, MS Office Suite, Outlook.

CrunchTime- Boston, MA MAY 2019 – APR 2023
QA Lead

Crunch Time enterprise restaurant management platform created the first web-based restaurant back office system, Food and Labor Cost Control, Supply Chain Management, Labor Management, Inventory Management, Restaurant Technology, Operations, Software Platform, Food and Beverage, Labor Scheduling, Food Safety, Accounting, Point of Sale, Integrations, and Payroll

Responsibilities:
●QA Team Leadership: Organized priorities for QA team and related Crunchtime Partners, reviewed the work of others, and set team goals. Provided operational and technical direction, allocated work to attain the expected milestones while reducing risks.Facilitated complex Business-technology discussions and led to the definition of a solution. Managed QA milestones/tasks related to the portfolio software releases.
●QA Program Execution: Planned and led the day-to-day execution aspects of the QA function within the Crunchtime program in a “hands on” manner.Coordinated the QA efforts of a diverse team of multi-disciplined individuals, driving towards key goals/objectives of the Program. Bridged the gap between Business/Operations with Technology implementation, formulating solutions that leverage/optimize the use of the resources. Identified and managed the critical path and milestones of a schedule. Project planning, execution, and control of risks. Closely monitored project progress and ensured timely completion.
●Testing Support: Planed, defined, and managed test plans related to the scope of work within the portfolio of releases. Reviewed test procedures and developed test cases. Documented, executed and evaluated test results. reported defects. Tracked defects and helps troubleshoot errors. Serve as Subject matter expert for application software quality.
●Risk Management: Adheres to company policies and procedures and complies with legal and regulatory requirements. Accountable for QA execution risk management, compliance, and audit performance for area(s) of responsibility. Establishes or works with management to develop effective controls and processes to ensure risks are measured, monitored/controlled and compliance requirements are adhered to on an on-going basis. Maintains current knowledge of risk-related changes that may impact assigned area(s) of responsibility.
●Status Reporting: Prepare and report QA status on a regular basis, including metrics needed for various constituents. Direct the communication of status and issues to the direct manager in a timely manner as expected. Escalations to management and business as required. Able to maintain and report project delivery tracking and metrics.
Environment: SynapseRT,Java, Oracle Toad 11.06, JIRA, Postman, Selenium, MS Office Suite, Outlook, Soap Ui

Commonwealth Massachusetts - Chelsea, MA OCT 2018 – MAY 2019
Department of Revenue Child Support Enforcement - Sr. QA Engineer.

Commonwealth Massachusetts Department of Revenue – Child Support Enforcement job duties includes validation of systems comprising public facing web application and the conversion legacy systems to service oriented architecture solution
Responsibilities:

· Review software requirements assure test asset traceability to requirements and other applicable design artifacts.
· Review Use Cases, Business Scenarios and Design Specifications
· Identifying the target test item to be evaluated by the test effort
· Gathering, managing and creating Test Data.
· Defining appropriate test cases and test scripts to ensure test coverage base on construction iteration plan
· Creation and execution of detailed test steps and procedure to manually validate system functionality
· Test execution activities including Smoke Test, End to End Test, and Regression testing
· Assuring Participation in backend testing, writing SQL queries
· Reporting daily test activity progress for roll up into test team progress summary reports
· Defect reporting, defect triage and follow through to resolution
· Web-service and Interface testing using SoapUI.

Environment: Java, Oracle Toad 11.06, IBM Jazz Tool (RRC, RTC, RQM) 4.0.6, SoapUI 5.2.1, WinSCP, Putty

Homesite Insurance, Boston, MA
Sr.QA Engineer
December 2015-August 2018
Policies from another carrier are being rolled into the Homesite book of business. The system has been designed, built and delivered for use by GEICO to convert policies to Homesite policy. No new coverages implemented by Homesite for the rollover. Maintain the expiring term premium for the policies rolled over to Homesite. These policies have been treated as new business for Homesite and the new business packet has been sent out to the customer. A total of approximately 90,000 policies from 22 states rolled over as of policy expiration. A new Call Center application developed exclusively to be used to update and process Broll quotes

Responsibilities:
●Involved in requirement analysis in the process of conversion of partner system to Homesite system in both functionality changes and business requirements, Involved in daily stand up meeting for the status update of testing, Involved in writing and executing test cases
●Involved in sanity testing, dev integration testing, regression testing, functional testing, smoke testing, end-to-end testing, Involved in UAT testing, Involved in defect analysis and logged defects in HP- QC
●Involved in production support and prod test
●Actively involved in any kind of new requirements changed throughout the project
●Worked closely with print team and involved in print testing, checked word to word of new versions of welcome letters which delivers to customer before his/her insurance effective date is 105 days and 65 days
●Involved in testing declaration pages and all forms of policy attached to check they flagged accurately and wordings are correct according to business requirement, Involved in GAP Analysis and hot fixes after production
●Involved in Mobile testing for various devices like IPhone 4s,5,6,6+, Android.4.4.2 & up, IPad, IPad mini
Environment: Web developed in .Net C# 2.0 and Data binder developed in .Net C# 4.5, SQL server 2008 database,
HP ALM, Jira, MS Office Suite, Outlook

Medicaid Eligibility Program -MAHIX, Waltham, MA January 2013-November 2014
QA Engineer
Worked on Medicaid Eligibility Program -MAHIX project in an agile environment supporting the Testing-team (QA) and Production teams to test the program determination rules engine, with a high degree of efficiency by executing test scenarios that provide extensive testing coverage of the wide range of the Massachusetts population

Responsibilities:
●Involved in Functional testing, Smoke testing, Regression testing, end-to-end
●Validate contents of test files and capture testing evidence files, document test results
●Create testing defect reports in ALM and track them to resolution
●Develop and maintain test cases and report test results
●Escalate issues and risks in a timely manner
●Coordinated with team and played a role to test user acceptance testing (UAT)
●Work with requirements analysts to ensure all requirements are timely and accurately tested
●Create various testing documentation, including test cases, test scenarios, test metrics, defects, test summary reports, etc.
●Written test cases and acquired test data for FDSH testing to conduct the individual’s Incarceration, Citizenship/Immigration, and Disability Verifications
●Worked extensively on Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)
●Played a major role in various major and minor releases as the business rules SME and also addressed to the obstacles during testing processes, Worked with the Production support team
●Participating in business review sessions and communicating the results/status to senior project leaders
●Worked with Mobile testing team to perform QA on web page render, Navigation, functional aspects of application on mobile platforms including iOS and android
●Coordinate SMEs to validate and sign-off on test case creation efforts, Validate test data management efforts, Sign-off on key project deliverables, Communicate ongoing concerns to PD project management
Environment: EDI X12N 5010, DB2, Visual Basic, XML, SQL Server 2005/2008, Windows 8, 7 and Internet Explorer,HP-ALM 11.1, MS Office Suite, Outlook

I-Brand Solutions, Hyderabad, INDIA April 2007-November 2008
QA Engineer

The project management system tracks project progress for multiple clients within a company. It includes User Management, Project, Clients, Project Site, Client Site and Utilities

Responsibilities:
●Perform system, unit, regression, load and functional/performance testing on web-based applications using both manual testing methods
●Leverage knowledge of object-oriented programming to help validate, verify, communicate and resolve software issues
●Performed Black Box Testing
●Requirement gathering from the business and users
●Involved in Functional testing, Smoke testing, Regression testing, Integration
●Excelled in finding, tracking, documenting and reporting bugs, within proprietary software applications developed
●Assisted team lead in preparing test design and test plan documents
Environment: .Net Application, Oracle, MS Office Suite, Outlook, Test Director
Contact this candidate