Mobile: 408-***-**** Email: adz8ya@r.postjobfree.com
Linked in: Keerthi Krishnamurthy

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Software QA Engineer, Nuna, San Francisco, CA Mar 2022 - Jun 2023
●Hands-On QA experience in delivering value-based health care platforms to Clients.
●Created Test Plans, Test Cases and identified Test Data for new features based on requirement documents from client.
●Performed System testing, Integration testing, Regression and UAT Testing of the platform features, PHI Data and monthly financial ledgers.
●Worked with Health Data Analysts, Actuaries, Product managers and developers in order to understand the requirements and ensure the system requirements were met.
●Used Click Up for creating and tracking bugs and as a user story management tool.
●Attended daily and weekly scrum meetings, sprint planning and sprint retrospectives as part of an agile environment.
●Worked with SDETs to identify test scenarios to develop test automation framework for regression testing.
●Conducted post-release/ post-implementation testing to ensure smooth delivery of the features to the Clients.

QA Analyst, BAAQMD, San Francisco, CA Aug 2021- Feb 2022
●Worked on successful replacement of legacy systems with new application systems that is accessed by both external and internal users of BAAQMD website.
●Proactive and performed rigorous testing of the web application to ensure quality and report and fix bugs on time.
●Hands-on experience with Azure Data Studio to write SQL queries and validate data in the database system.
●Conducted Black box testing – functional, regression and data driven. Performed smoke testing to ensure stability of the various environments and assisted in UAT testing.
●Used Microsoft Studio to ensure Task Boards, Test Plans and Bug reports were created, completed and closed on time.
●Worked in an Agile environment and attended Bug Scrubs, Sprint Planning and End of Sprint review sessions.

BI QA Analyst, Stanford University, Redwood City, CA Oct 2019 – Jul 2021
●Hands-on Experience with Oracle Business Intelligence tool (OBIEE) and performed extensive QA on Interactive Dashboards, Ad Hoc analysis and report validations.
●Performed UI Testing of the Dashboard reports and used SQL Queries to validate the data from the database.
●Designed and created test cases based on analysis and understanding of user requirements.
●Validated the new reports against the existing reports that were to be decommissioned and made sure all the records were still matching.
●Used JIRA to effectively communicate on bugs and worked on various user stories.
●Actively participated in daily stand-up meetings with the project team for daily status updates.
●Worked in an Agile environment and provided QA status/progress to the project team in daily and weekly stand ups.

Software QA Analyst, Hogarth (for Apple), Sunnyvale, CA Aug 2019 –Oct 2019
●Performed Gray Box testing and Cross Browser testing of Responsive Web pages in client’s website and other interactive deliverables.
●Tested the web pages across multiple iOS devices, simulators and different viewports.
●Evaluated HTML and CSS codes to match against the feature requirements documentation.
●Created test plan, executed test cases and identified and reported defects during testing.
●Worked with tools like SVN for build management and Radar for generating bug reports.

Software QA Analyst at CSC Covansys, Chennai, India Jun 2007 - Jul 2009
●Technical and functional analyst in Peoplesoft HRMS domain in ERP technology.
●Responsibilities included Unit, Functional, Integration, Regression and Automation testing.
●Hands-on experience with HP Quality Center and Quick Test Professional to automate Regression Test cases and achieve more efficiency and accuracy in testing processes.
●Delivered various client change request tasks and ensured good quality by fixing existing issues along with the required changes in projects.

Software QA Intern at CSC Covansys, Chennai, India Jan 2007 - May 2007
●Performed Functional Testing of web page for Employee pick-up scheduling system.
●Created Test cases by reviewing design and requirement documents.
●Wrote SQL Queries to verify back-end data for database testing.

TECHNICAL SKILLS & KNOWLEDGE:
Automation Testing tools – Selenium WebDriver/ Grid, Cucumber, TestNG, Maven, QTP
Programming Language – Java
Web Technologies – HTML/ HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, SQL
RDBMS – MySQL, MS SQL server, Oracle
Test Management/ Bug Tracking tools - ClickUp, JIRA, BugZilla, Radar
Methodologies - Agile, Scrum

EDUCATION:
SQA and Automation with Selenium Bootcamp, Portnov Computer School, Mountain View, USA
Software Engineer and Quality Certificate, UCSC Silicon Valley Extension, Santa Clara, USA
M.I.T/ M.B.A, La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia
Bachelors in Computer Science and Engineering, Anna University, Chennai, India
Contact this candidate