Sai Abhishek Palancha
QA Engineer
Contact: +1-913-***-**** E-Mail: adz9fo@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE SUMMARY

An IT Professional having around 3 years of experience in the field of Software Testing which mainly includes Functional Testing, worked as a Quality Assurance Engineer in Spectraforce Technologies India Pvt. Ltd.,
Experience in Agile (Scrum) methodology, Sprint planning, Time Estimations, User Stories and working with Back logs, attending daily meetings.
Good Exposure in all phases of SDLC, STLC, Defect Life Cycle.
Hands on solid experience in Manual testing, well acquainted with Smoke testing, Functional testing, Regression testing, Retesting, Compatibility testing, End to end testing and Domain testing.
Good Understanding of Business Requirement Documents (BRD), Functional and System Requirement Documents.
Good Knowledge on Test Plan, Test Scenarios and Test Conditions.
Experience in Test Case Design, Peer Reviews, Test Case Execution, Traceability Matrix, Status Reports & Defect Reports.
Strong communication and team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner to meet tight deadlines.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Test Management Tool : MS-TFS 2013 & 2017 (visual studio), Jira
Bug Tracking Tools : Visual Studio 2008, 2015 & 2018
Model :
Water Fall & Agile Methodology
Operating Systems :
Windows (all versions), Linux.
Testing :
DataBase :
Manual Testing
MySQL

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE

Spectraforce Technologies India Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad June’ 1 2019 - June’10 2022
Designation: Software Test Engineer
Key Result Areas:
Going through the Business Requirement Documents and analysing the effective test scenarios to be covered for testing the application.
Authoring the Test Scenarios and the Test Cases in Manual and in RF Scripting mode.
Identifying and analysing the defects, questionable functions, errors, program functionality, outputs, online screens, and content.
Tracing the requirements to ensure as all the functional part is covered with the relevant cases.
Performed various black box testing Methodologies like Functionality testing, Compatibility Testing, Regression testing.
Logging out the defects following with defect retesting and closing by retesting them.
Using the standard documents to manage the Testing Activities.
Providing the On-Time delivery by running the huge regression suite as per the Enhancements received.
Participating in project closure meetings & facilitating best practices for project support and documentation.
Looking out for the defects, tracking & communicating test results, analysis & unresolved problems using test management tool.
Performing the Peer reviews in test cases scripting and in test scenarios identifications.

EDUCATION

2018- B. Tech in Information Technology from Joginpally BR Engineering College,J.N.T.U, Hyderabad
2014- 12 th from Sri Gayatri Junior college, Hyderabad.
2012 - 10 th from All Saints High School, Hyderabad
2023- MS from Fitchburg State University, USA

.

Sai Abhishek Palancha
Contact this candidate