Govind Singh Tomar
Louisville KY-***** Mobile: +1-502-***-**** Email id: adz9er@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

8+ years of experience in Information Technology Industry as a QA Engineer with in-depth working knowledge in Manual and Automation Testing.
Strong knowledge in setting up Automation framework using Tricentis Tosca.
Strong knowledge in setting up Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver with Java language.
Expertise in the entire Software Testing Life Cycle including Test Plan, RTM, Test Effort Estimations, Test Case Design, Execution, Bug Reporting, Test Report Development & Analysis, and conducting status meetings.
Expertise in analyzing User Requirements, Functional and Technical Specifications.
Hands on experience in Automation Testing using Selenium Web Driver, Tosca & UFT.
Hands on experience in testing REST based web services using Postman & CRA.
Hands on experience in Performance Testing using JMeter and Flood.IO.
Performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, Compatibility Testing.
Prepared Traceability Matrix to ensure the test case coverage for all requirements.
Good Knowledge of Scrum, Agile Methodology & Incremental Model
Good Knowledge & Experience in ERP, Finance, HealthCare, Insurance Domains.
Cohesive Team Player with Fast Learning Ability to adopt New Technology along with strong analytical, problem solving, innovative, communication & interpersonal skills.
Adaptive to team environment with good Team building capability and providing support to Team Members by sharing the functional and technical knowledge & help them to succeed.

SKILLS:

Test Automations Tools: Tricentis Tosca,
Selenium with Java, UFT

API Testing Tools:
Postman, CRA

Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber, Data driven framework

Performance Testing Tools:
JMeter, Flood.IO

Defect/Bug Tracking

Methodologies -Agile, Waterfall

Requirement Analysis & Testcase Creation

Eclipse

Test Plan, Test Cases & Test Processes

Jira, TestRail, qTest, Bugzilla

Test Strategy & Coverage

Java, VB script, SQL Queries

Functional & Regression Testing

Windows, MS Excel & MS Word

CERTIFICATIONS:
Year
Title
Location
2020
Tricentis Tosca Fundamentals −Automating web application testing (AS1)
Hyderabad
2020
TOSCA Automation Specialist Level 1
Hyderabad
2020
TOSCA Automation Specialist Level 2
Hyderabad
2018
ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level
Hyderabad

EDUCATION:
Completed ‘Bachelor of Engineering’ in ‘Electronics and Communication Engineering’ from ‘Maharana Pratap College of Technology’ Gwalior (M.P.) in 2012.
United States equivalent based upon a combination of academics and professional experience: BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN COMPUTER INFORMATION SYSTEMS

EXPERIENCE:
Employed with INUIX LLC as Senior Automation Test Engineer with valid H-1B from October-2023
Worked in Sparsh Communication Pvt. Ltd as Senior Test Engineer from Dec-2019 to March-2022.
Worked in KFin Technologies Pvt. Ltd as Assistant Manager from Sep-2016 to Dec-2019.
Worked in Sapio Solution Pvt. Ltd as Testing Engineer from Feb-2014 to Sep-2016.

PROJECTS SUMMARY:

Senior Test Engineer
Dec-2019 to Mar-2022
Sparsh Communication Pvt Ltd / AIMS360, Los Angeles, CA
Hyderabad
Project: AIMS360 Shopify and EDI Integration- Automation Jan 2021 to March 2022
Special Software: Selenium with Java, Tosca Postman, JMeter, Flood Io, Jira, TestRail
Responsibilities:
Involved in Business Requirements Analysis, API Testing, Automation Testing and API Performance testing of AIMS360 Shopify and EDI Integration.
Attending project team meetings and Client calls
Gathering and Understanding the Requirements and performing Gap Analysis.
Setup an Automation Test Framework using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
Setup an Automation Test Framework using Trecentist Tosca for window-based application.
Created Automated Test Scripts for the tests in Regression Suite.
Analysed the Automation Test results on daily basis.
Reported the Automation Test results to the Management.
Performed Load Testing through JMeter and Flood IO as per client Requirement.
Designed API scenarios to cover all Application Features & Performed API Testing through Postman
Reviewing Test Cases, verifying the test results and also maintaining the project tracking report.
Reported and tracked the defects in Jira & involved in defect triage calls.
Worked with Agile Scrum Teams and good Experience of Agile Way of Working
Coordinated with the technology leaders on the progress of application design and discussed the Automation Testing for window-based application & API Load testing feasibility.
Prepared API Test Execution Report and maintained test execution Metrics
Prepared Load Test Execution Report and Shared with Customer.

Project: AIMS360 MultiCurrency Dec 2019 to Jan 2021
Responsibilities:
Performed API Testing, End to End Automaton Testing of AIMS360 MultiCurrency.
Performed Business Requirement Analysis and prepared Automation Strategy
Diverse Exposure to various Projects and comprehensive understanding of all aspects of SDLC and STLC
Closely worked with Developers and a variety of End Users to ensure technical Compatibility and User Satisfaction
Attending project team meetings and Client calls
Designed API scenarios to cover all Application Features & Performed API Testing through Postman
Designed different test scenarios to cover all features of application & reported the defects in Jira & updated test cases in TestRail
Developed Model Based Framework for window based application by using Tricentis Tosca & developed Automation Scripts in Tosca
Coordinated with the technology leaders on the progress of the application design and discussed the Automation feasibility.
Gathering and Understanding the Requirements and performing Gap Analysis.
Performed Load Testing through JMeter and Flood IO as per client Requirement.
Prepared Automated Test Execution Report and maintained Automation Metrics

Assistant Manager
Oct-2017 to Dec-2019
KFin Technologies Pvt Ltd / PFRDA (Govt.Of India)
Hyderabad, India
Project: Central Recordkeeping Agency (CRA) for National Pension System (NPS)
Special Software Postman, CRA, Selenium with Java, Bugzilla
Responsibilities:
Attending Project team meetings and providing the required input.
Primary responsibility is to Lead the QA team.
Interacted with developers on daily bases for requirement analysis and requirement gathering, design review, test bug review and maintaining the project tracking report
Identifying Test requirements based on business requirements of the application.
Prepared automation test scripts to validate various functionalities using Selenium WebDriver using Java.
Experience in designing customized Hybrid framework, Keyword Driven, Data Driven & POM in order to make maintenance process easier and achieve efficiency, re-usability and accuracy across applications.
Test Metrics report and auditing performed on monthly basis.
Prioritized and incorporated new testing ideas.
Report and track the bugs posted using Bugzilla Tool.
Designed API test scenarios to cover all features of applications and tested via Postman & CRA.
Completely involved in identifying errors and verifying end-user compatibility.
Maintaining and reporting testing progress and results to project team management.

Assistant Manager
Oct-2017 to Dec-2019
KFin Technologies Pvt Ltd / KFintech Hyderabad, India
Hyderabad, India
Project: TASKMF – Kfintech
Special Software : Postman, Tricentis Tosca, qTest, Jira
Responsibilities:
Involved to ensure the overall quality of the Application and its integration with different interconnected systems.
Primary responsibility is to Lead the QA team.
Attending project team meetings and Client calls
Gathering and Understanding the Requirements and performing Gap Analysis.
Designed different test scenarios to cover all features of application.
Reviewing Test Cases, verifying the test results and also maintaining the project tracking report.
Report and track the bugs which are posted using qTest Tool.
Performed root Cause analysis of the bugs raised.
Performed Automation Testing through Tosca as per client Requirement.
Executed Automated Regression Test suite & shared the reports with Client.
Perform Browser compatibility testing with various browsers like Firefox, Chrome, and IE etc.
Involved in Usability and UAT Testing
Interacted with developers on daily bases for requirement analysis and requirement gathering, design review, test bug review and
Maintaining Project Tracking and Weekly Report sent to the Management & AMCs.

Executive
Sept-2016 to Dec-2018
KFin Technologies Pvt Ltd /Invesco, Nippon India, BankOf India MF
Hyderabad, India
Project: Mutual Fund Systems (Invesco, Nippon India, Axis MF, Bank Of India Mutual Fund)
Special Software: Selenium, Bugzilla, JMeter
Responsibilities:
Primary responsibility is to enhance the VU Gen script using Recording Controllers.
Scheduling the script based on required Performance test approach.
Running script using Load distribution method when Vu users count is more.
Involving in Performance test plan and Performance Test report.
Designed and executed Test cases based on functional requirements.
Involved in designing Test Scripts using Selenium Web Driver.
Developed Automated Regression and Sanity Test Suites.
Prepared and executed batch Test Suite through TestNG.
Performed Automated Parallel execution using TestNG.

Testing Engineer
Mar-2015 to Aug-2016
Sapio Solutions Pvt Ltd/Sapio Solutions Internal & Business Partner
Hyderabad, India
Project: CRM Solutions
Special Software: Selenium, Bugzilla, Unified Functional Testing (UFT), QC
Responsibilities:
Involved in User Acceptance Testing.
Analyzed User Stories & created test cases for various Releases.
Performed functional and GUI testing on different browsers.
Designed Regression test Cases.
Involved in Review of Understanding documents prepared by BA team.
Created Weekly Status Report & QA Dashboard.
Performed Automation POC for the application through UFT.
Designed Automated Test Scripts and Executed them through UFT.
Executed Test Cases and reported Defects in QC
Worked with Team to create Automation Test Script for the regression suite using Selenium WebDriver.
Interacted with Team Lead and developers while testing the application.

Testing Engineer
Feb-2014 to Mar-2015
Sapio Solutions Pvt Ltd / Lakshmi Hospital
Hyderabad, India
Project: Provider Strategic Management
Special Software: Bugzilla
Responsibilities:
Designed and executed Test cases based on functional requirements.
Performed Black box testing of the application.
Involved in Sanity, Smoke & Regression testing.
Performed Gap Analysis in the Requirements created by BA team.
Prepared reports for the defects raised during execution for each release.
Reported defects & defined the priority and severity of defects.
Involved in review of Defect reports & Root Cause Analysis.
Contact this candidate