SHARVARI KALE
Authorized to work without sponsorship
Monroe, NJ (Open to NY /NJ /PA onsite) +1-908-***-**** adzwzm@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Total experience of 5years in the IT industry working as QA Engineer (Manual testing + Automation Testing)
CERTIFICATION
Online Business Analysis Certificate through Corporate Education Group and Duke University Management Training
ISTQB- Certified Foundation Level through GASQ Certification Body Scrum Fundamental Certified (SFC) from SCRUMstudy Accreditation body for scrum agile PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
● Experienced QA Engineer and Business analyst for a mobile application and web console application project.
● Accomplished in analyzing requirements and developing Test scenarios, Test cases, Test plan and Test reports.
● Familiar with Azure DevOps.
● Professional with performance testing and load testing of web applications using Jmeter.
● Experience in Validation of Compatibility Testing, Functional Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Testing, Sanity Testing and Globalization Testing, Retesting.
● Extensive experience of Software Development Life cycle (SDLC), and methodologies like Agile and Waterfall models.
● Proficient in manual API testing using the POSTMAN tool, with a strong command of various HTTP methods.
● Extensive experience in writing SQL queries using MySQL.
● Strong knowledge in automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver using JAVA, as well as good knowledge in JAVA.
● Working experience of TestNG framework for Unit Testing, Maven for Project Building and Git for version control.
● Expertise in Cucumber (BDD Framework) creating feature file, step Definition, Runnerclass by using Gherkin syntax.
● Well versed in GitHub and Jenkins for continuous integration(CI).
● Equipped with good communication skills, handling pressure, work ethics and proven record of helping teams deliver the results on time.
● Committed to finishing the tasks in the time frame and giving a quality result.
● Hands on experience in working as a bridge for Employees, Clients and organizations to fulfill their needs.
● Demonstrated ability to manage and communicate effectively. Remarkable patience with reliability and responsibility.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Organization - Lamotte
Designation - QA Engineer
Duration - Dec 2021 -Aug 2023
Location - Chestertown MD
Roles and Responsibilities
● Created and verified different testing activities and participated in requirement gathering from end-users.
● Actively involved in Requirement gathering and Requirement specification Document preparation.
● Involved in carrying out manual testing by analyzing, reporting and troubleshooting bugs. Responsible for bug tracking and status reporting through Zephyr and Jira
● Verification and analysis of the mobile application WaterLink Solutions PRO for the change requests and new features.
● Reviewed requirements and created test cases for new functionality, Reviewed test cases for updates, prepared test data for test execution.
● Ensured that the team can comprehend the quality of bug reporting, testing, and status tracking.
● Performed manual testing on modules where the chemical readings were recorded from the water sample and checked whether the functionality matches the user requirements.
● Generated reports in Excel to show the test status and participate in meetings to walk through the defect reports periodically.
● Actively involved in QA process improvement activities like process flow, problem resolution, bug tracking etc.
● Developed test scripts for test cases using TestNG framework to automate Functional testing, End-to-End and integration testing.
● Prepared and executed UAT test cases.
● Worked with the deployment team for a successful deployment of the product on the client server. Organization - Aquapheonix
Designation - Test Engineer
Duration - Aug 2016- May 2018
Location - Pune, India
Roles and Responsibilities
● Verified and analyzed the application for changes in the new release.
● Drafted test scenarios and test cases based on the requirements outlined in the Functional Requirement Specification Document.
● Closely worked with the Business analyst and developers in reproducing and resolving technical issues and application defects.
● Collaborated on the creation of the Requirement Traceability matrix.
● Actively contributed to the preparation and updating of Test Plans and Test reports.
● Performed test cases and recorded issues with their priority and severity on the bug reporting tools Zephyr and Jira.
● Took ownership of the issues and worked with the development team to get them resolved. Ensured that issues were closed in a timely manner.
● Performed Regression testing and verified correct workflow of app before the build is pushed on UAT server.
● Prepared and executed System Integration test cases for Aliquot mobile application and eSR web console for the correct reflection of app data on the web console.
● Created test scripts using JAVA and Selenium WebDriver in the Hybrid Framework, used page object model as the test design and TestNG as the test framework.
● The test cases also ensured correct generation of water quality testing reports.
● Performed user acceptance testing facilitating on-time, on-budget and acclaimed go-live of app upgrades.
● Regular interaction with developers to report various problems and issues.
● Organized and attended open defects meetings with developers and QA Leads.
● Co-ordinated in defining the quality process and preparing the templates for test cases & test plans.
● Involved in analyzing the requirements, SRS and writing Test plans and test cases for each module from Specifications, Use cases and sequence diagrams. Organization - DiveIn Mobile App
Designation - Android App Developer + Mobile App Tester Duration - Jan 2016 – Jul 2016
Location - Pune, India
Roles and Responsibilities
● Used JAVA for app development.
● Designed login signup page for DiveIn mobile app.
● This login page also facilitated users to use Facebook or Google accounts for login or sign up in the app.
● Implemented functionalities of password verification and forgot password for email signups.
● The app allowed users to create events and also manage the number of participants in the events.
● Involved in analysis of business requirements, system specifications and wrote test plans, test cases for Sanity, GUI, Functional, Integration testing.
● Developed and revised manual System integration tests
● Executed system integration test and reported deviations from the expected results.
● Performed End to End testing of Entire Application.
● Reporting of issues on bug tracking tool Zephyr and Jira and kept track of trailing history and test execution result analysis.
● Taking responsibility for the bug throughout the STLC to closing the issues.
● Interacted with Business managers, Development managers and QA managers to provide them updated QA on a daily/weekly basis.
● Worked on executing and updating Regression test cases. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Shri Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management - Nagpur University Jul 2013 – May 2016 Master of Computer Application (MCA) Nagpur, India Dr. Ambedkar College - Nagpur University Jul 2010 – May 2013 Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) Nagpur, India
Contact this candidate