Mohanraj Devarasu

Email: ad123t@r.postjobfree.com

Mobile No: +91-805*******

Summary:
Having a total of 4 years 5 months of Experience in Global IT Industries and relevant experience in DevOps tools with AWS DevOps.
Experience in branching, merging, and tagging the versions across the environment using SCM Tools like GitHub
Experience in configuration Management and deployment on multiple application servers at once using Ansible.
Experience in building automated CI/CD pipeline with the use of Jenkins and versioning artifacts using the Nexus repository
Experience Creating AWS Environment using AWS CDK (Python), Cloud formation, and terraform scripts, and creating the infra code.
Experience in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration Tool to set up automated and scheduled Deployments.
Experience in creating docker containers using docker images.

Work Experience:

Cognizant Technology Solutions – Tech Lead(DevOps): May 2021 to Till now
Managing infrastructure using Terraform, AWS CDK, and Cloud formation Scripts
Hands-on experience in ServiceNow, Atlassian Jira Ticketing Tool, and Confluence.
Managing and monitoring cloud infra using CloudWatch, CloudTrail, and Datadog
Creating IAM role and Policy as per user requirement also adding S3 bucket policy for S3 bucket access.
Involved in Secure VPC Solutions with the help of Network ACLs, Security Groups, and Public and private network configuration.
Experience in using Jenkins as CI Tool to set up automated and scheduled deployments.
Created CI/CD pipeline for the micro-service application using AWS Code pipeline.
Experience in deploying applications in AWS code deploy, Elastic Beanstalk, ECS, and AWS Ops Work.
Creating custom Docker images using Docker files for DEV, QA, and PROD environments
Created ECS Cluster and farmgate Instance to deploy the application using AWS code pipeline
Hands-on experience in cloud security platform tools Threatstack, Crowdstrike, and Rapid7.
Creating AWS resources EC2, ASG, ELB, EBS, S3, R53, AWS Budgets etc.
IDC technologies private ltd, Chennai- IT Support engineer: August 2018 to May 2020
Managing critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest availability, performance, and security levels of Servers and Network devices in the client’s environment.
Provided timely and accurate support to monitor Servers and Network devices at the client end & also acted as an incident manager at times of major issues and resolved the issues within the SLAs
Monitoring all IT Devices like Windows servers, Linux servers, Network & storage devices, and ESXi hosts using Different types of monitoring tools.
Administrating the domain and maintaining the user accounts
E-Mail Client Configuration & Support (Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express) Windows 7, Vista, and XP professional Client Operating System
Managing Ticketing system (Incident and service requests).
Configuring & Managing DNS, DHCP & Active Directory.
Installation & Configuration of Network printers and their basic level of troubleshooting.
Future Net Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Chennai – On-Job Trainee: March 2018 to June 2018
Monitoring all IT Devices like Windows servers, Linux servers, Network & storage devices, and ESXi hosts using Different types of monitoring tools.
Managing Trouble tickets within SLA.
Managing Desktop Related Problems Link software, OS installation, Configuration, Maintenance
Managing and Administration of User accounts & Groups.
Installing, configuring, and administrating Microsoft Windows applications.
Troubleshooting Desktop and laptop problems through Remote.
Technical Skills:
AWS Infra Service:EC2, ASG, ELB, S3, VPC, ECS, Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Budget
AWS Security Service: IAM roles and policies, security groups, NACL, S3 Bucket access, and policies
IAC Tools: Terraform, CloudFormation, and AWS CDK
DevOps Tools: Git, Jenkins, SonarQube
CI/CD: AWS code commit, code build, code deploy, code pipeline, Jenkins CI/CD
Coding/Scripting: Python, Shell script, YAML
Configuration management: Ansible
Containerization: Docker, ECR
Monitoring: CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Datadog and Zabbix
Cloud Security Platform: Threat Stack, CrowdStrike and Rapid7
Ticketing Tools: ServiceNow, Jira

Academic Qualification:
Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics & Communication Engineering)
Declaration:

I hereby declared that all the above-furnished information is correct to my knowledge.

Date: Signature
Place: Chennai Mohanraj Devarasu
Contact this candidate