Michael Godfrey
Software QA Engineer
ad14u7@r.postjobfree.com • 310-***-****
LinkedIn • Dallas, TX, 75104, US
Resourceful and detail-oriented professional with decade of experience in ensuring quality and functionality of software products in diverse industries. Proven track record of designing and implementing comprehensive test plans, test cases, and test scripts to validate system integrity and performance. Adept at identifying and documenting software defects, collaborating with cross-functional teams to resolve issues, and ensuring delivery of high-quality products within tight deadlines. Well versed with mobile and web application testing, expertise in range of tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Java, Azure DevOps, and Jira. Possess strong problem-solving skills and the ability to communicate effectively with development teams, product managers, and stakeholders to drive continuous improvement in software quality. Proactive in staying updated on industry best practices and emerging technologies to enhance testing processes.

Technical Proficiencies
Programming Languages:
Java
Tools:
Software Testing Tools: Xcode, Android Studio, Charles Web Debugging Proxy, Document Management Testing, Salesforce, Browser Stack, Manual Testing.
Data Management Testing: Snowflakes, Data warehouse, ETL, Data Transformation, Extraction and Load Testing, Salesforce.
Test Management Tools: JIRA, TestRail, Azure DevOps, Bugzilla, Xray, Zephyr, HP Quality Center.
Defect Tracking Tools: Bugzilla, Jira, Azure DevOps, HP Quality Center
Continuous Integration Tools: Jenkins, Bamboo, Git, GitHub, Microsoft SharePoint, ServiceNow, TeamCity
Dev Tools: Document Object Module, Black Box, Grey Box, White Box.
Systems:
Database Systems: Microsoft Server, MySQL, Oracle, Snowflakes
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, macOS
Version Control Systems: Git, GitHub
Methodologies:
Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Lean Agile.
Test Automation Frameworks:
Selenium WEB driver, Junit, TestNG, BDD, Cucumber, Appium, Page Object Model (POM), Data-Driven Framework
API Tests:
JMeter, Charles Web Debugging Proxy, Postman, Swagger, REST Assured
Performance Test:
JMeter, Blaze meter
Video Testing:
ATV 3, ATV 4, Samsung Tizen, Amazon FireTV, Chromecast, Set top-boxes and Roku, Video Centric

Professional Experience
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana, Baton Rouge, LA
Lead Mobile QA Engineer
July 2021 — Present
Direct, organize, and execute project testing, establishing objectives, methodologies, and strategic test plans. Streamline sprint planning review meetings ensuring clarity and alignment with product requirements. Specialize in mobile application testing as subject matter expert, with expertise in iOS and Android native and hybrid applications. Identify features for automation and developed test cases accordingly. Oversee comprehensive document system, handling data processing and management.
●Enhanced bug tracking by reporting and tracking defects in Azure DevOps.
●Conducted RESTful API testing using postman and Swagger.
Riverside County Office of Education, Riverside, CA
Senior Software QA Engineer
January 2019 — May 2021
Steered execution of functional, system, and regression testing activities. Supervised and evaluated critical QA metrics, collaborating with cross-functional teams to identify and implement process enhancements.
●Decreased total testing hours by creating an automation framework from ground up, utilizing Selenium WEB driver and Java, along with Selenium BDD scripts in GEB.
●Enhanced software products' testability through active participation in requirement and design reviews.
●Fostered collaborative environment by working closely with development, product management, and customer support teams to identify and resolve issues.
●Guided and mentored junior QA team members, nurturing culture of continuous learning and development.
Snap Inc, Santa Monica, CA
Software QA Engineer
September 2018 — November 2018
Directed quality assurance division for Snap Inc's Monetization and Ad Manager portfolios, making significant contributions to company's profit margins through state-of-the-art enterprise web Ad Portal. Conducted intricate market research to analyze advertising target audiences and assess ad placement and performance. Partnered with developers and product owners to stay informed about product features and intended functionality. Executed ad placement and performance tracking, focusing on core metrics such as conversion rates.
●Devised efficient, organized, and successful manual test cases for entire team.
●Pioneered the creation of precise and efficient test scripts in Java to automate testing of specific products and features using Selenium WebDriver and the Page Object Module.
●Utilized Jira to track, prioritize, and organize defects, collaborating with development team to ensure timely corrections.
●Operated within Agile and Scrum frameworks to complete bi-weekly releases and well-organized sprints.
CIE Digital Lab, Irvine, CA
Senior Software QA Engineer
September 2017 — June 2018
Directed development to deployment process for all mobile and web applications. Designed and implemented comprehensive test cases and scripts. Performed functional and regression testing on diverse software applications.
●Ensured product quality by working with development teams on various software products such as Titan School Solution, ASAP Tire, and Sleep Score.
●Created and maintained test plans and documentation, ensuring organized and effective testing processes.
AutoGravity Corporation, Irvine, CA
Software QA Engineer
January 2017 — June 2017
Steered development and deployment of robust auto credit application software as key member of software development team. Orchestrated quality assurance practices and testing procedures throughout Software Development Lifecycle, ensuring quality across the team. Actively participated in Scrum ceremonies and product planning. Instrumental in auto loan processing, credit card validation, Fedwire verifications, and credit score simulation.
●Ensured product stability and reliability through functional and non-functional tests.
●Recognized automation-friendly features and crafted scripts using Selenium WebDriver and Java driving automation workflow.
●Actively identified and communicated potential risks and opportunities for improvement.
●Partnered with product and engineering teams to enforce processes and procedures at each stage of pipeline.
Cisco Systems Inc., Costa Mesa, CA
Software QA Engineer
May 2016 — December 2016
As Mobile Product Owner, collaborated with both onshore and offshore teams. Conducted thorough tests on diverse platforms and devices such as ATV 3, ATV 4, Samsung Tizen, Amazon FireTV, Chromecast, Android, iOS, Xcode, Jenkins, Set top-boxes, and Roku. Facilitated implementation of project specifications and regularly liaised with external clients. Planned and executed weekly sprints and daily stand-ups with the team. As release QA, signed off on releases before deployment.
●Successfully managed and served 15+ external clients ensuring delivery of tested and functional mobile streaming apps.
●Successfully executed weekly pre and post deployment tests, significantly enhancing software reliability.
Disney Interactive, Glendale, CA
Software QA Engineer
October 2015 — February 2016
Engaged in smooth transition from GlobalReg authentication platform to OneID authentication protocol, focusing on security, financial processes, resort & hotel management, and authentication. Collaborated effectively with various stakeholders, demonstrating excellent team spirit.
●Successfully met specified deadlines, accelerating releases across cycles.
●Proficiently tracked and documented defects in Jira, ensuring timely fixes.
●Played a crucial role in the mitigation of mobile authentication security breaches.
●Tested OneID, a novel single sign-on technology, enhancing user convenience.
Additional Experience
Software QA Engineer, DIRECTV/AT&T, El Segundo, CA
Software Quality Assurance Engineer, Disney, Pasadena, CA
Education
Computer Science (Associate Degree in view)
Los Angeles Southwest College, Los Angeles, CA

Bachelor of Law
Olabisi Onabanjo University, NG.

Master of Arts in US Law
Los Angeles Southwest College, St Louis, MO

Oracle 10G Certified DBA
Contact this candidate