MOROLAYO AKINKUGBE
McCordsville, IN *****
712-***-****
ad14mf@r.postjobfree.com
WWW: Bold Profile
SUMMARY
Highly motivated employee with a desire to take on new challenges. Strong work ethic, adaptability, and exceptional interpersonal skills. Adept at working effectively unsupervised and quickly mastering new skills. Organized and motivated employee eager to apply time management and organizational skills in various environments. Seeking entry- level opportunities to expand skills while facilitating company’s growth.
SKILLS
● Source and Version Control: Git, GitHub, GitLab
● Direct experience with cloud platforms such as
Azure
● hands-on experience with orchestration frameworks like Kubernetes
● Experience with CI/CD tools and concepts
● project technical documentation and coordination, task prioritization, strategic project planning.
● system upgrades, program installations,
Troubleshooting and maintenance
● Microsoft Office
● Strong Interpersonal and Communication Skills
● Teamwork and Collaboration.
● Time Management and Organization
● Continuous Integration Systems
● Eagerness to Learn New Technologies
● Best Practice Conformance
EXPERIENCE
THE HERITAGE GROUP
Indianapolis, IN
DevOps Engineer 03/2022 to Current
● Build CI/CD pipelines (Gitlab, Teamcity) for continuous improvement,continuous integration, continuous development and constant deployment.
● Automated application build and deployment, driving efficiency of code development process.
● Recommended improvements to facilitate team and project workflow.
● Deployed and supported infrastructure automation and configuration management tools.
● Assisted development team with creating and rolling out timely solutions.
● Delivered detailed specifications regarding materials, manpower and time needed for proposed solutions.
● Support technical operations in our development and production systems
● System Routine maintenance and patching.
DATA SERVICES GROUP
Bear, DE
DevOps Engineer 02/2020 to 01/2022
● build CI/CD pipelines (Github, Jenkins) for continuous improvement, continuous integration, continuous development, and constant deployment.
● Deployed and supported infrastructure automation and configuration management tools.
● Assisted the development team with creating and rolling out timely solutions.
● Participated in and brainstormed with technical working groups, and progress meetings to solve issues.
● Tested and troubleshot applications and documented issue resolutions for the development team.
● Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop effective solutions.
● Coordinated testing and validation procedures through software development lifecycle.
● Reviewed project requirements to identify customer expectations and resources needed to meet goals. CIS CYBERCAFE
Abekoko, Lagos
Client Service Specialist - Quality Assurance 05/2017 to 10/2019
● Built sustainable client relationships built on trust by applying excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
● Responded within established timeframes to address customer concerns and inquiries by phone or email.
● Managed and updated physical and digital client account information to keep records accurate and current.
● Greeted incoming customers to provide immediate, friendly and knowledgeable support.
● Scheduled and confirmed appointments based on customer availability.
● Reviewed and resolved client concerns and issues, researching relevant details and clearly communicating solutions.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE: ANIMAL PRODUCTION AND HEALTH 03/2018 Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, Ogbomoso, Oyo State, Nigeria
● [Nigerian Instituite of Animal Science] Member
● Certified as an Animal Scientist
CERTIFICATION
● Microsoft certified: Azure Administrator Associate
● Microsoft certified: Azure Fundamentals
Contact this candidate