RON PATEL
Arlington, TX
929-***-****
ad144s@r.postjobfree.com

DevOps Engineer

Dynamic, results-driven IT enthusiast with 2+ years of experience in continuous delivery (CI/CD), and infrastructure automation to enable efficient software development by maintaining robust DevOps pipelines. Best known for achieving department goal and KPI.

SKILLS

Operating Systems
Windows, RedHat, Ubuntu, Linux
Scripting
Shell, Python
Build Management Tools
Maven
Client Interact Tools
Putty, FileZilla, WinSCP
Version Control
Git/GitHub
Cloud System
Hybrid Cloud, AWS (Amazon Web Services), GCP (Google Cloud Platform Services) and Azure
Containerization
Docker, Kubernetes
IAAC (Infrastructure as Code)
Ansible, Terraform
CI/CD
Jenkins
Database
MySQL
Command line Editors
Vim, Vi, Nano

CERTIFICATES:

AZ-400: Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions
Microsoft Certified: Power Platform Fundamentals
Introduction to Microsoft Azure Cloud Services
Foundations of Project Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

DevOps Engineer Sep 2022 – Present
Maruti ITSS LLC, Spring, TX

Performed integration of code quality analysis techniques - check style, find bugs with CI tools.
Worked closely with the development and operations team to implement necessary tools and process to support the automation of builds, deployments, testing and infrastructure (infrastructure as code) using chef.
Implemented a continuous deployment (CD) pipeline using Azure DevOps and Jenkins to complete the automation from commit to deployment.
Designed the application layer of the product with EC2, RDS, and elastic cache, and configuring AWS cloud watch for application monitoring.
Designed and deployed complex infrastructure setups using Terraform, including virtual networks, servers, load balancers, and databases.
Worked with git hub enterprise to manage source code repositories and performed branching, merging, and tagging depending on the requirement.
Managed Azure resources including Azure Web App (App services), Azure Key Vault, Azure Artifacts, Azure SQL Database, VNet (Networking), Azure alert and monitoring.
Implemented new AWS instances and worked with EBS and s3 storage, IAM.
Built and configured of ec2 instance on AWS cloud platform, the configuration of elastic load balancer (ELB) for traffic control for the ec2 and s3 instances.
Launched and configured amazon ec2 cloud servers using AMI's (Linux/ubuntu) designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on amazon web services.
Collaborated with development and IT teams daily to build and maintain the application infrastructure and ensure the best quality software and services

IT Expert Jun 2020 – Oct 2023
Novartis Pharmaceutical USA, Fort Worth, TX

Performed and approved software analysis, software permissions and provided user credentials.
Maintained infrastructure such as API Gateway, Service Registry, Domain, and Active Directory.
Prepared and negotiated Service Level Agreement (SLA) between Novartis and external service providers.
Supervised and led compliance department to ensure IT infrastructure complies per Novartis quality manual.
Coordinated with cross-functional teams, including IT, Qualification Experts and QA to complete tasks associated with compliance activities.
Validated computerized system under LEADLab (Laboratory equipment into Active Directory).
Ensured department budget are within limit and payments are released on time to external vendors.
Maintained regular communication with external vendors, stakeholders, and leadership team, to provide project updates and address concerns globally and in the US.
Organized weekly quality meetings to ensure assigned actions items are completed on time.
Provided training to junior associates, analytical team and delegated tasks accordingly.

Cloud and on-premises Analyst Jul 2015 – Mar 2020
Biomed Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand

Supported lab team to complete daily testing and performed backup of raw data to the server.
Managed on premises security tools to build a formidable firewall and secure access control.
Designed, built managed a Kubernetes environment in Azure and on-premises.
Automated the provisioning of cloud resources using Terraform.
Built and maintained CI/CD pipelines using GitHub actions.
Maintained microservices infrastructure e.g., API Gateway, Service Registry.

EDUCATION

Master of Science, University of East London, England, UK
Associate – Information Technology, Queens Academic Group, New Zealand
Contact this candidate