Summary
Dedicated and highly skilled DevOps and Cloud professional with 7 years of experience designing, deploying, and maintaining cloud infrastructure. Proven track record of driving efficiency and innovation, negotiating with vendors, and coordinating IT tasks. Adept at implementing creative technical solutions, improving software delivery speed, and writing high-quality, well- tested code.
Experience
D-Tech Solutions LLC Dallas, TX
Cloud Engineer 12/2020 - Present
● Architected preventive guardrails using Service Designed and implemented automation Control Policies, and detective guardrails using infrastructure for configuration management and AWS Config. orchestrated deployment using automation tools such as Ansible.
● Optimized costs through reserved instances, In one of my previous projects, I was involved in selection and changing of EC2 instance types enhancing security and streamlining access based on resource needs, S3 storage classes and S3 control.
● credentials and reducing the risk of weak passwords.
● Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD Actively managed, improved, and monitored cloud pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins for CI infrastructure on AWS, EC2, S3 and RDS, including and Ansible for Deployment.
● Built CI/CD pipelines using AWS and open-source tools.
● Leverage AWS EKS capacities to build and maintain Kubernetes clusters,streamlining cluster maintenance procedures. Matrix Point Solution Dallas, TX
AWS Cloud Engineer 11/2017 - 12/2020
● monitoring and troubleshooting, I set up Continuous integration and deployment were CloudWatch alarms and configured centralized achieved through a CI/CD pipeline using AWS logging with CloudTrail and CloudWatch Logs.
● monitoring and troubleshooting, I set up To optimize performance and cost-efficiency, I CloudWatch alarms and configured centralized implemented auto scaling mechanisms based on logging with CloudTrail and CloudWatch Logs.
● Throughout the project, I collaborated closely with The project was a success, resulting in a highly the development team, ensuring seamless available and performant web application that integration of their code with the AWS services. could handle increased user demand.
● Continuous integration and deployment were achieved through a CI/CD pipeline using AWS Code Pipeline and Code Build, enabling frequent and reliable application updates.
● To optimize performance and cost-efficiency, I implemented auto scaling mechanisms based on CPU utilization and utilized caching with AWS Elastic ache Additionally, I containerized parts of the application using Docker and deployed them on Amazon ECS, allowing for easy scalability and management.
● The project was a success, resulting in a highly available and performant web application that could handle increased user demand. I learned valuable lessons about architecting and managing applications on AWS. Intel Dallas, TX
Solution Architect /DevOps Engineer 12/2015 - 11/2017
● Created and maintained fully automated CI/CD Actively managed, improved, and monitored cloud pipelines for code deployment using Jenkins for CI infrastructure on AWS, EC2, S3 and RDS, including and Ansible for Deployment.
● Built and deployed Docker containers to break up Architected Dev/UAT/Prod environments by monolithic applications into microservices, configuring VPC, subnets, security groups, EC2 improved developer workflow, increased instances, load balancers, RDS, Route53, etc.
GBENGA EGBEWOLE
214-***-**** ad182v@r.postjobfree.com Dallas, TX
● scalability, and optimized speed.
● Designed and implemented highly available, Wrote custom Lambda functions to enable scalable and secure AWS Infrastructures using automation in our environment.
● Designed and implemented highly available, scalable and secure AWS Infrastructures using IAAC tools such as Terraform/CloudFormation.
● Actively managed, improved, and monitored cloud infrastructure on AWS, EC2, S3 and RDS, including backups,patches, and scaling.
Education
Texas State university San Marcos, TX
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 01/2021 Lagos State University Lagos, NG
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in COMPUTER SCIENCE 02/2017
Skills
AWS, Azure, OpenShift, Docker, Kubernetes, • Cloud Platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP, • CI/CD: Jenkins, GitLab CI, • Monitoring: ELK Stack, AWS Cloud Watch,, • Database Architecture, • Control Up, • Multi-Factor Authentication, • Red Hat Enterprise Linux, • Pipeline Design, • Automation: Ansible, Puppet, • Infrastructure as Code (IaC): Terraform,, • Jira, Confluence, VMWare, Machine Image, • Packer, • Automation, • Application Deployment, • AWS CloudFormation, • Cloud Architectures and Services, • Preventative Maintenance, • Develop Specifications, • Develop Specifications, • Tomcat, • Application Administration, • Backup Recovery, • AWS DynamoDB, • IP Addressing and Subnetting, • Collaboration: Effective cross-functional, Collaboration: Effective cross-functional, • teamwork, • PowerShell, • Version Control: Git, GitLab, GitHub, • Container Management: Docker, • Software Provisioning & Config Management: Ansible, • Package Management: Chocolatey, Artifactory Repository, • Software Development, • Computer Science, • Communication Skills, • Scripting Languages: Python, Bash, PowerShell, • AWS Identity and Access Management (AWS IAM), • Collaboration: Effective cross-functional, • Application Deployment: Agile, • PostgreSQL, Redis Certificates
AWS Certified Solution Architect-Associate, AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Developer -Associate
Contact this candidate