LEAD DEVOPS ENGINEER
Bhargavi Kothapalli
Email- ad1vqt@r.postjobfree.com
Phone- 945-***-****
Visa: H4-EAD

Professional Summary:
Experience - Extensive 5+ years of IT experience in DevOps, Agile/Scrum methodology, ITIL, Application & Solution Architecture, Go-Live activities & implementation, automating, and optimizing mission critical deployments in AWS and GCP.

Leadership Expertise - Exceptional collaborator with innate ability in leading a team of Support engineers with focus on infrastructure setup, support and maintenance on AWS, Google Cloud and on premise, Strong experience in working in an offshore - onsite models, production support models.

Project Management - Establishing project plan including scope of work, detailed work plan, responsibility matrix, communication plan/regular project meeting, issue tracking, service level reporting, operation execution & management, cost estimation & control.

Analysis - Approaches decision making and problem solving by systematically gathering information from a variety of sources and developing viable alternatives. Comfortable when analyzing issues of a strategic nature, considering complex information in various forms.

Team Management skills like tasking, delegation, monitoring, feedback, skill upgrade, competence management, career planning, recruiting, training, motivating and mentoring by implementing best practices.

Technical Skills:
Cloud Environments
AWS, GCP,AZURE
Infrastructure as code Tools
Ansible, Terraform, CloudFormation and Chef
Containerization Tools
Docker, Kubernetes, EKS, GKE, OpenShift
Artifactory repositories
Nexus, Jfrog
CICD Tools
Jenkins, Gitlab and Octopus
SCM Tools
Gitlab and GitHub
Web Servers
Apache Tomcat
Scripting Languages
Bash, JSON, YAML, Groovy Scripting
Issue Tracking Tools
Jira, Rally, Gitlab
Build Tools
Maven
Monitoring
Splunk, Datadog, CloudWatch, Grafana
Databases
DynamoDB, RDS, MySQL
Programming Languages
Python, Java

CERTIFICATIONS:

IBM Certified DevOps Engineer
IBM Certified Agile Explorer

Company: CITI Bank Jan-2023 – Present
Role: Lead DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Designed and implemented a highly scalable and secure cloud infrastructure, resulting in a 50% reduction in downtime and a 25% increase in system performance.
Working as an AWS DevOps Engineer for a team that involves three different development teams and multiple simultaneous software releases.
Worked on planning and migrating the Python and Java On-Prem workloads to AWS.
Automating the infrastructure provisioning to cloud providers by using Terraform.
Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS) & configuration management using - EC2, S3, ELB, RDS, Route53, Autoscaling, CloudFormation services.
Responsible for architecting and implementing the containers workloads on ECS AWS instances for optimal resources utilization and providing enhanced performance results.
Experience in working with the key components of the Collibra Confidential such as Business Glossary, Data Stewardship, Data Dictionary, Data Helpdesk, Policy Manager, Issue Management and Catalog.
Automated the front-ended platform into highly scalable, consistent, repeatable infrastructure using Terraform and Jenkins.
Communicated effectively with senior management, business and technical stakeholders.
Worked on CI/CD tool Jenkins to automate the build process from version control tool into testing and production environment.
Worked on creating Chef cookbooks for WebLogic installation and configuration using ruby.
Responsible for troubleshooting the issues with terraform state drift correction and creating locking mechanism using S3 and DynamoDB to maintain the issues with state lock.
Good understanding of security group and configured different groups to access EC2 Console.
Created AWS IAM Role Policies for resource permissions.
Experience in creating EKS clusters and maintaining them.
Managing Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) using Jenkins and release management.
Managing OpenShift clusters that includes scaling up and down the App nodes.
Worked with Red hat OpenShift container platform for both Docker and Kubernetes.
Involved in Deploying Docker Images to Kubernetes Clusters by Automated CD Job.
Experience in writing Service files for Kubernetes, to Expose applications to the outside world.
Experience in Troubleshooting pods failure in Kubernetes Clusters.
Hands on experience using Collibra v5.x.
Deployed Kubernetes resources by Helm Package manager and maintained helm repos& used helm charts in Kubernetes and updated Grafana versions 4.1.0 to 5.0.1 for the latest plugins.
Involved in application server configuration using configuration management tools like Ansible and Chef. Involved in writing Docker files to Create docker images by Automated Build jobs.
Develops custom BPMN based workflow processes involves creating user forms, groovy scripts, using API documentation from Collibra, configuring email templates, workflow settings.
Written playbooks for configuring Servers.
Written recipes and Cookbooks to automate configuring Production servers.
Created Components, Resources, and Applications and group all configurations using Jenkins.

Company: Infosys Oct-2022 – Jan2023
Role: Senior Analyst
Responsibilities:

Involved in Process Flow Design for performing release activities using Jenkins.
Involved in to Build Activities using different build tools like Maven.
Implemented a custom authentication with Tomcat for user authentication, authorization and password policy.
Optimized Grafana queries for accurate results from visualization graphs.
Involved in writing Docker files to Create docker images by Automated Build jobs.
Worked on CI/CD tool Jenkins to automate the build process from version control tool into testing and production environment.
Worked with services,pods, persistence volume claims, replication controllers which are Kubernetes components hosted on open shift platform and also worked with Red hat OpenShift
enterprise (OSE 2.0,3.1 & 3.2 versions).
Designed, installed and configured Collibra Operating Model and helped business to model enterprise Metamodels
Good understanding of security groups and configured different groups to access EC2 Console.
Created AWS IAM Role Policies for resource permissions.
Experience in creating EKS clusters and maintaining them.
Creating Pipelines for Automating Deployments in Jenkins.
Worked on CI/CD tool Jenkins to automate the build process from version control tool into testing and production environment.
Worked on Cassandra POC cluster upgrades, upgraded Cassandra environment. Added the plugin of New relic and started collecting data from Cassandra cluster.
Installed and Administered Jenkins CI for ANT and Maven Builds and installation, Configuration and Management of RDBMS and NoSQL tools such as DynamoDB.
Worked on creation of Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Managed workflow deployments in Collibra
Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing directory structures and managing containers in AWS ECS.
Creating S3buckets and maintained and utilized the policy management of S3 buckets.
Prepare specs for new infrastructure and VMware servers, disk storage, and network switches, routers, firewalls, and VPN’s.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks for various applications and deploying them in AWS using Terraform.
Development of automation of Kubernetes clusters with Ansible, writing playbooks.
Responsible for watching alerts from Prometheus about Kubernetes nodes, disk usage, memory, app restarts and different alerts and responsible for troubleshooting them.
Configured AWS Identity Access Management (IAM) Group and users for improved login authentication.
Configured an AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and Database Subnet Group for isolation of resources within the Amazon RDS Aurora DB cluster and created notifications and alarms for EC2 instances using Cloud Watch.
Writing Chef recipes, cookbooks for infrastructure automation to reduce maintenance costs.
Involved heavily in setting up the CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins, Maven, Nexus, GitHub, Ansible and AWS.
Managed Collibra Confidential across the enterprise, driving governance activities for all participating business units and ensuring all work activity is completed on time and to standards, while mitigating risks as needed.
Experience with Docker and Vagrant for different infrastructure setup and testing of code.
Experience in Administering GIT in Distributed Environments.
Experience with AWS services like Amazon S3, RDS, EC2, Cloud Formation, Lambda, VPC, ELB, Glacier, Elastic Block Store, Dynamo DB, Amazon RDS, Code Deploy, CloudWatch, Amazon IAM, SES, SQS, Security Groups and Route 53 in Agile environment
Configured groovy script, shared Jenkins libraries and multi-branch pipeline to handle automated deployment for Dev, QA, UAT and PROD environment
Used elastic search through JSON and Java API.

Company: ADP Oct 2021 – May 2022
Senior DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:

Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of applications across multiple cloud providers. Employed Git/GitHub, Ansible, Jenkins and VMW are software to build the automated testing and delivery pipelines.
Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, Application Server setup, Stack monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has Integrated Ansible with Jenkins.
Imported and managed multiple corporate applications into GitHub code management repo.
Design and build custom VPC setups, maintain and architect Cloud Formations for rapid deployment, setup High Availability Cloud architectures in AWS. Architect and setup AWS Customer Gateway via VPN.
Maintain the best in class AWS Cost Optimization, AWS Cloud Security, Operational Excellence, Performance, and Reliability for AWS Cloud architecture and deployments.
Working on creating a Continuous Delivery CI pipeline with AWS Code Pipeline to automate builds with AWS Code Build.
Setup and Implement Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI & CD) Process stack using AWS, GITHUB/GIT, Jenkins and Chef.
Deployed Kubernetes clusters on top of Amazon EC2 Instances using KOPS and Managed local deployments in Kubernetes, creating local cluster and deploying application containers and building/maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes and deployed Kubernetes using HELM Charts.
Implemented One Click Deployments using Chef, AWS, implemented a completely elastic and scalable infrastructure in the Cloud using Jenkins, Chef, Puppet.
Designed and implemented new procedures for infrastructure migration using Puppet.
Involved in designing and deploying multiple applications using AWS cloud infrastructure focusing on high availability, fault tolerance and auto-scaling of the instances.
Leveraged Amazon Web Services like EC2, RDS, EBS, AWS Kinesis, SQS ELB, Auto scaling, AMI, IAM through AWS console and API Integration.
Implemented new build framework using Jenkins & maven as build framework tools.
Configured Jenkins daily periodic backups for Jenkins config and plugins files.
Created SNS (Simple Notification Services) and triggering it by Cloud Watch monitoring to send SMS or Email to desired recipients.
Used Terraform for managing the infrastructure through the terminal sessions and executing scripts in creating alarms and notifications for EC2 instances using AWS Cloud Watch.
Worked on Docker hub, creating Docker images and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configurations.
Involved in building Object Oriented applications using Java, writing Shell Scripts and Python Scripts on UNIX.
Developed infrastructure as code with Terraform to deploy VMware and AWS infrastructure.
Created Buckets in AWS and stored files. Enabled Versioning and security for the files stored.
Virtualized the servers on AWS using the Docker, create the Docker files and version control.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with GIT and Maven to schedule the builds.
Created and wrote Python and Shell scripts for automating tasks.

Company: IBM Sept-2019 – Oct 2021
Role: Analyst
Responsibilities:

Integrated Docker container-based test infrastructure to Jenkins CI test flow and set up build environment integrating with Git and Jira to trigger builds using Web Hooks and Slave Machines.
Worked with data management tools like Splunk, ELK.
Used Splunk to monitoring/metric collection for applications in a cloud-based environment.
Connected continuous integration system with GIT version control repository and continually build as the check-in’s come from the developer.
Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
Versioning and Source control of codes using GIT concepts such as branching, merging, labelling/tagging, Branches locking, access control and integration.
Developed Chef cookbooks for HTTPD, Tomcat, Jboss, MySQL, etc., and versioned them on Git.
Involved in using Tomcat Web Server, JBOSS, WebLogic and WebSphere Application Servers for deployment. Automated migration process by writing scripts in shell and PowerShell.
Created Runbooks in Octopus for smooth deployment.
Created dashboards in data dog for infrastructure monitoring.
Created backup and restore for AWS RDS through terraform in automated way.
Created AWS IAM Role Policies for resource permissions.
Setup and Implement Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI & CD) Process stack using AWS, GITHUB/GIT, Jenkins and Chef.
Worked on CI/CD tool Jenkins to automate the build process from version control tool into testing and production environment.

Company: Nivonex sept-2018 – Aug 2019
Role: Junior Engineer
Responsibilities:

Monitored system performance and identified potential issues to be escalated to senior staff.
Created and maintained user accounts, groups, and permissions in Active Directory.
Performed regular backups of critical data and systems.
Created a monitoring system that collects metrics from the application as well as infrastructure components such as load balancers and databases.
Implemented an automated backup solution for database data using RDS snapshots and S3 storage buckets.
Managed and maintained Linux servers, Kubernetes clusters, AWS instances, and Docker containers.
Created branches in GIT.
Created Pipeline jobs and scheduled them and automated
Good understanding of Log aggregating and Monitoring Tools like Splunk. Experience in using MAVEN as build tool for the building of deployable artifacts.
Working with Development teams to create fully automated CI/CD pipelines.
Development of CI/CD pipeline for Python Flask and Java Spring-boot applications.

Environment: Docker, Maven, Terraform, Splunk, AWS, CICD (Jenkins), ELK, GIT, Cloud Watch, Python, Shell Scripting, JSON, WebSphere, Tomcat, Jboss, WebLogic.
Contact this candidate