Sulakshan Mulpuri
Sr DevOps Engineer
Santa Clara, CA, USA, 95051
903-***-**** ad1wqu@r.postjobfree.com
Self-motivated DevOps Engineer with over 5 years of experience, seeking a challenging career in Information Technology to embrace emerging trends and technologies. Key Skills
Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD): Jenkins, GitLab, GitHub, SonarQube, Nexus, JFrog Artifactory
Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes
Build tools: Apache Maven, CMake, Makeﬁle
Cloud Services: AWS
Infrastructure as Code (IaC): Terraform, CloudFormation Scripting: Python, Shell, Groovy
Conﬁguration Management: Ansible
Operating Systems: Linux (Ubuntu, Red Hat)
Monitoring & Logging: AWS CloudWatch, Grafana
Database Management: SQL
Professional Experience
NIO Inc, San Jose September 2020 - November 2023
Sr DevOps Engineer
Engineered advanced CI/CD pipelines employing industry-leading tools such as Jira, Jenkins, GitLab, and Jfrog Artifactory, enhancing workﬂow eﬃciency and meeting complex deployment needs. Developed self-managing Jenkins pipelines, signiﬁcantly minimizing the need for manual intervention and thereby saving over 40 hours of developer eﬀort each month. Implemented Docker in Jenkins to cut build times by 50%. Automated Docker image creation and testing on merge requests, streamlining dependency management and enhancing continuous build eﬃciency. Managed and upgraded Kubernetes clusters using Rancher, focusing on Jenkins servers and related services. Proactively monitored cluster logs ensuring optimal functioning of key services like AWS and Artifactory.
Automated release workﬂow with GitLab API and Groovy: Initiated merge requests to release branches, automating subsequent processes including job execution, approvals, and merging to the development branch. Demonstrated workﬂow eﬃciency across the team Advocated the 3Rs (Reuse, Reduce, Recycle) Principle, creating Jenkins Pipelines with common libraries used by over 5 ECUs (Electronic Circuit Units), each running multiple pipelines empowering developers to operate with 60% increased efficiency without constant DevOps intervention. Implemented and maintained the branching and build/release strategies utilizing GIT. Reduced time-to- market for new features by automating repetitive tasks with Python and Shell Scripts. Utilized Terraform and CloudFormation for Infrastructure as Code (IaC) to provision nodes for various AWS services, resulting in a cost savings of 58%.
Conducted a successful Proof of Concept (POC) integrating advanced unit tests, thorough static analysis, and MISRA compliance protocols for enhancing code quality in the QA environment, leading to its acceptance and implementation.
Designed and implemented Grafana dashboards to centralize log monitoring across nodes/servers, enabling comprehensive visualization of system logs. Integrated MYSQL database into pipelines to monitor and analyze stage-wise statistics, enhancing performance analysis and optimizing pipeline eﬃciency. Managed help desk tickets as an administrator for critical platforms including Artifactory, GitLab, Parasaft, and Jenkins, ensuring seamless access and functionality for users. Brillius Inc, Pleasanton May 2020 - September 2020 DevOps Engineer
Implemented AWS Lambda for serverless computing, executing code without managing servers, aiding in cost-eﬀective and eﬃcient application execution.
Managed AWS EC2 instances, backups to S3, conﬁgured Route53 for traﬃc routing, and set up Elastic Load Balancing for eﬃcient load distribution.
Implemented AWS CloudWatch for monitoring, logging, and proactive system management, enhancing visibility and performance monitoring.
Contributed to the establishment and management of AWS-based CI/CD pipelines utilizing GitHub, Jenkins, SonarQube and Nexus, integrating Ansible for eﬃcient conﬁguration management. Integrated AWS services with Jenkins, automating report archiving to Amazon S3 via AWS CLI, thereby improving data management and accessibility within the system. Icroz Solutions Private Limited, Hyderabad July 2016 - January 2018 Build and Release Engineer
Integrated Apache Maven with Jenkins for the builds as the Continuous Integration process and Implemented a CD pipeline involving Jenkins & GIT to complete the automation from commit to deployment.
Installed and managed Jenkins on Linux environment and implemented a master and slave conﬁguration to run multiple build operations in parallel.
Utilized Ansible for configuration management, automating tasks to maintain system consistency and facilitate seamless operations on Linux servers. Tasks included routine system maintenance, such as backups, job scheduling, system and network logging, and user account management. Installed and configured Red Hat Linux 4 and Windows NT servers, ensuring smooth operation and maintenance. Optimized UNIX/Linux servers by configuring essential network services like DNS, NFS, NIS, and NTP.
Performed day-to-day Linux administration such as user accounts, logon scripts, directory services, ﬁle system shares, permissions
Maintained Web and Application Servers like Apache Tomcat and JBoss, supporting seamless application deployment
Education
Master of Science in Business Analytics January 2018 -December 2019 Texas A&M University, Commerce, Texas
Skills: Data Warehousing, Python, R, and Databases Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication September 2013 - June 2017 Osmania University, Hyderabad, India
Skills: Programming Fundamentals, Algorithm Design, C/C++, Microcontroller Programming LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/sulakshan-mulpuri-1950192a2/ References
Matthew Iijima September 2020 - November 2023
Director, Infrastructure at NIO Inc
https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthewiijima/
+1-408-***-****
Liang Zheng September 2020 - November 2023
Senior Manager, DevOps at NIO Inc
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lzhengqc/
+1-917-***-****
Interests
Travelling
Music
Organizing Events/ Volunteering
TV series
Contact this candidate