Srinivas Yadagiri
763-***-****
ad1xsm@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

• 13 years of experience in analysis, design and development of client/server and Web-based applications and Devops.
• Extensive knowledge in object-oriented design and programming. Expertise in web based multi-tier applications and Java/J2EE technologies.
• Applied Use Case diagrams and Class diagrams using UML and Rational Rose. Document the detailed application specifications, translate technical requirements into programmed `application modules and develop/Enhance software application modules.
• Extensive experience in design, development and testing of client-server applications, enterprise applications, Web applications and Web services.
• Experience in developing Front-End using Spring, Struts, JSP, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML and CSS.
• Expertise in Client Side Design and Validations using HTML, DHTML, CSS, Java Script, JSTL.
• Experience in designing Low Level and High Level design documents.
• Proficiency in developing Model View Controller (MVC) Architecture based applications using Struts
and Spring Frameworks.
• Experience in Hibernate.
• Experienced in deploying Web Applications on IBM WebSphere, BEAWebLogic, Apache Tomcat and JBOSS application servers.
• Extensive experience using integrated development environment like Jbuilder, Eclipse 2, RAD 6.0, WSAD 5.1, IBM MQ Series, Edit Plus and Text Pad.
• Extensive experience in various databases like Oracle, DB2, MySQL and querying language- SQL and PL/SQL.
• Hands on experience in working on XML Suite of technologies (XML, XSL, XSLT, DTD, XML Schema, SAX, DOM).
• Adhere to coding standards, procedures and techniques while contributing to the technical code documentation
• Exceptional ability to learn new technologies and an excellent overall presenter and speaker.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Languages: Java, C, C++, Python, VBScript, ASP, Java Script, HTML, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, XML, XSL.
Technologies:JAVA,J2EE,J2SE,JSP,STRUTS,SPRING,HIBERNATE,SERVLETS,EJB,UML,WEBMETHODS,SWING,ANT,MAVEN,ECLIPSE IDE,JMS
Client/Server: Visual Basic, Developer2000.
Versioning Tools: CVS, PVCS,TFS,SVN,GIT Bash and Git hub
Database: Oracle7.0, Oracle8i, Oracle10g, Oracle11g, MS Access, Sybase, MS SQL Server, DB2.
Application Servers: WebSphere Studio (WSAD5.1/4.2/3.5/2.0), MQ Series, Web logic, Web logic Portal, Microsoft IIS 5.0, Apache-Tomcat/ Jboss
OS: Windows NT 4/98/2000/XP, HP Unix, Aix, Solaris, Ubuntu, redhat7,8.
Management Skills: MS Project, Resource allocation, Team management, Reporting, Scheduling.
Testing Tool: Selenium.
Containerization: Kubernetes, Docker, AWS.
Cloud Platforms: Aws CDK, Azure.
Configuration Management: Ansible.
Infrastructure Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, ElasticSearch, Kibana.
Scripting: Bash, shell scripting, powershell
Automation/Build Tools: Jenkins.
Source Code Management: Github, Bitbucket.
.

EDUCATION

Masters in Computer Applications (MCA) Osmania University, India

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Wells Fargo Minneapolis, MN Apr 2018– Till Date.
Devops Engineer

Participated in Requirements Gathering involving interaction with diverse focus groups and Assisted in other Project Planning and Scoping activities.
Experience on developing different web applications using Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate.
Involved in Black Duck Scans SCA tool and Checkmarks scans to check the Vulnerabilities with Thread fix and SonarQube.
Knowledge of databases like MySql and Oracle.
Worked on implementing AWS using EC2, S3, RDS, ECS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto Scaling groups.
Develop and maintain serverless applications using AWS Lambda.

Implemented using AWS CDK for both Infrastructure and Application.
Build infrastructure as a code using Terraform and Cloud Formation Templates (Json and Yaml)
Proficient with container systems like Docker and container orchestration like EC2 Container Service, Kubernetes, worked with Terraform.
Managed Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes.
Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Extensive experience in using Build Automation tools like, ANT, Maven.
Used Ansible playbooks to setup Continues Delivery Pipeline. And Ansible to document all infrastructures into version control.

Experience on building and deploying java applications and troubleshooting the build and deploy failures.

Worked closely with Business analyst to understand the requirements and implemented required functionality.
Good hands on knowledge of source code management tools like GIT.
Hands on experience with SCM practices such as branching and code merge.
Performed Integrated delivery (CI and CD process) Using Jenkins

Environment: J2EE, J2SE, Oracle, Splunk, Eclipse IDE, GIT, CVS, JIRA, Spring Boot, Micro Services, React, AXON, Java, UNIX, SOAP, REST, Maven, AWS.

Deluxe Shoreview, MN Apr 2017– Mar 2018
Java Developer

Participated in Requirements Gathering involving interaction with diverse focus groups and Assisted in other Project Planning and Scoping activities.
Worked closely with Business analyst to understand the requirements and implemented required functionality.
Involved in Migrating the existing Java Applications from RAD to JBOSS (Wildfly).
Involved in modifying the existing JSP’s and writing the REST Interfaces using Java Servlets.
Modifying the existing SOAP Web services to accommodate the new business requirements.
Wrote the code to consume and produce the messages into the JMS and KAFKA Queues.
Involved writing the REST Clients to consume the .NET RESTFUL Web Services with JSON format
Involved in writing the SQL queries for the data extracts according to the business requirements
Involved in deploying the updated or new applications to the multiple system environments
Involved in analyzing and resolving the Production issues.

Environment: J2EE, J2SE, JSP, Oracle, Eclipse IDE, GIT, CVS, JIRA, Web Sphere,
JBoss, Java, XML, UNIX, SOAP, REST, Maven, Toad

Gander Mountain St Paul, MN Aug 2015– Jan 2017
Java Developer

Participated in Requirements Gathering involving interaction with diverse focus groups and Assisted in other Project Planning and Scoping activities.
Worked closely with System analyst to understand the requirements and implemented required functionality.
Involved in modifying the existing JSP’s and writing the new controllers using Spring MVC. Used IBatis for object relational mapping.
Used Java Script for the client side validations.
Involved in writing the SQL queries for the data extracts according to the business requirements and updated the existing PL/SQL code to accommodate changes for Fire Arm Application enhancements.
Involved in setting up the Java environment for Manhattan Application as part of migrating to new server and responsible to enhance the code to point to the new JMS Server Queue.
Involved in setting up the Java environment for OFIN.
Involved in enhancing the legacy applications resides in VB, ASP and MS Access forms.
Involved in deploying the updated or new applications to the multiple system environments.
Involved in analyzing and resolving the Production issues.

Environment: J2EE, J2SE, Spring MVC, JSP, Oracle, Eclipse IDE, SVN, PVCS, Oracle Application Server, WebLogic, JBoss, Java Script, XML, CSS, UNIX, SOAP, JUnit, Toad.

Shah Corp Burnsville, MN Aug 2014 – Jul 2015
Java Developer
Worked closely with BA’s to understand the requirements also implemented required functionality.
Involved in converting the CBS product existing in VB/ASP to Java
Primarily developed the screens for payments and reverse payment screens with HFS external credit card integrations.
Used JSF framework prime faces for front end and Used Hibernate for the object relational mapping between the tables and java objects.
Extensively used Java script for the client side validations and Ajax to exchange data with server.
Wrote stored procedures for apply payments and reverse payments to the database for the invoices.

Environment: J2EE, J2SE, JSF, Prime Faces, GIT, NetBeans IDE, Java Script, JQuery, AJAX, XML,CSS3, Html, Unix, MS Sql Server.

United Health Group Minnetonka, MN Jul 2013 – July 2014
Java Web Developer

Participated in Requirements Gathering involving interaction with diverse focus groups and Assisted in other Project Planning and Scoping activities.
Worked closely with System analyst to understand the requirements and implemented required functionality.
Involved in modifying the existing JSP's and writing the new controllers using Spring MVC as part of changing Portlet App to Servlet App.
Used JavaScript for the client side validations.
Used Restful web services to get the Plans and Claims details from the Backend.
Used Hibernate to do the object relational mapping between the tables and java objects.
Perform the Unit Testing using JUnit.
Involved with deploying the updated or new applications to the multiple system environments and provided instructions to ensure all software and technologies were deployed correctly.
Involved in analyzing and resolving the Production issues.
Coordinated with Offshore QA group to close the defects.
Used SVN for source control.

Environment: J2EE, J2SE, Spring MVC, Anthill Pro, Websphere (RAD 8.5), JSP, Restful Web Services, SVN, Eclipse IDE, Java Script, JSON, XML, CSS3, HTML, CQ5, UNIX, SOAP, LDAP, Apache, JUnit, Toad.

State of MN St Paul, MN Jan 2010– June 2013
Programmer/Analyst

Participated in Requirements Gathering involving interaction with diverse focus groups and Assisted in other Project Planning and Scoping activities.
Worked closely with Business analyst to understand the rules and implemented required functionality.
Involved in Design, Develop, Implement, and maintain the internal and external web sites of the
Unemployment Insurance division of DEED.
Developed the application using Struts, Servlets, EJB and JSP for the presentation layer along with JavaScript for the client side validations.
Used Hibernate to do the object relational mapping between the tables and java objects.
Involved with deploying the updated or new applications to the multiple system environments and provided instructions to ensure all software and technologies were deployed correctly.
Involved in writing the Oracle SQL queries using Joins, Aggregator, and Union to generate the Cashier reports. For TPS reports modified the existing stored procedures to fix the data issues.
Building the PL/SQL blocks(Stored Procedures) to create the reports for the DEED application.
Used WSDL/SOAP services for parsing request input data and XML Generator will converts the response data object into appropriate output which sends to WIC.
Used Team Foundation Server (TFS) for source control.
Involved in On Call support for DEED Batch Jobs.

Environment: J2EE, J2SE, Struts, Oracle, Ant, Websphere (RAD 8.5), JSP, EJB, CSS, XML,,XSLT,HTML, TFS, Eclipse IDE, JavaScript, Toad.
Contact this candidate