Matt Mohorn
CTO / ENGINEER
Experience
Red Fox Labs - CTO 2023 - current
Leading a team to building an analytics platform for mid-sized companies in the CPG industry. Stepped in to a cross functional role with duties as a fullstack engineer, devops engineer, data engineer, engineering manager, and executive leader. Streamlined the team's technology resources. Implemented an agile software development lifecycle to give stakeholders better delivery timelines. Established more scalable and sustainable platform infrastructure using Terraform. Reduced technology overhead by self-hosting third party tools and optimizing storage in the data warehouse. Performed a security audit and implemented changes to resolve vulnerabilities. Assured clients of data protection with written reports outlining our architecture. Built proof of concepts to find new ways generate more insights for our customers using Open AI.
Aspida Financial - Principal Engineer 2019 - 2023
Led a team of engineers that built and launched an end to end platform to sell life insurance policies. It consists of a monolithic backend written in Node+Typescript with a suite of front end React apps for various user groups. Managed AWS resources using Terraform. Ensured compliance in a highly regulated environment. Designed much of the platform’s infrastructure, data models, and user experience. Achieved a launch goal of June 2022 and exceeded selling expectations in the first year. Developed a hierarchical data model that ensures data integrity and accurate commission payouts. Innovated a secure and robust global search, a training portal, and two factor authentication, authorization middleware, and an in house approval management system. Designed and implemented a process for reconfiguring the established business hierarchy. Worked closely with a dedicated security team to prepare the product for a safe launch.
IBM - Fullstack Engineer 2014 - 2019
Built and designed web applications to support the company’s internal processes. Deployed solutions on IBM Cloud. Worked in global teams of engineers and stakeholders to deliver features in an agile environment. Worked closely with users to design, develop, and test solutions. Developed a streamlined approval management system for adopting applications to manage request / approval tasks. Contributed to IBM’s in-house sales support platform which has a microservice architecture. Led the team focused on contract registration, the final step of the process. Pivoted the tech stack from Node + Backbone + Marionette to Go + React during a second iteration of the contract registration project. Macedon Technologies - Software Consultant 2014
Built business process management applications using the Appian Platform. Fues Hues
A simple puzzle game available on the iOS App Store. Swipe to combine similar colors until one of each is left. Built with React Native. Scan the QR code with an iOS device to check it out! Ask me about my other personal projects. Education
Davidson College 2010 - 2014
BS in Mathematics with Honors 3.5 GPA
Minor in Computer Science
Budapest Semester in Mathematics Fall 2012
Specialized in discrete math and graph algorithms at an intensive math program for undergraduates. Took
advanced level courses Combinatorial Optimization, Extremal Combinatorics, Probability, and Theory of Computation. Lessoned emphasized cooperative
problem solving over note-taking.
Applied Math Research at NC State Summer 2013
Wrote particle-based models in Java and Matlab that simulate the growth and arrangement of animal cells during embryonic development.
Honors Thesis in Graph Pebbling
Contributed to the growing field of graph pebbling by proving bounds for the pebbling number for graphs
embedded on a torus. Graph pebbling is a discrete
model for the distribution of consumable resources over a network where to move a pebble, you lose a
pebble. I proved upper and lower bounds on the
pebbling numbers of graphs embedded on surfaces.
Skills & Languages
AWS, Google Cloud, Terraform, Go, React, Unity,
Javascript, C#, Node, Python, Backbone, Marionette, jQuery, Postgres, Cloudant, Mongo, DB2, MySQL, Travis, IBM Cloud, Java, Objective-C, React Native, Kubernetes, Docker, Ginkgo, Webdriver, Selenium, Cucumber,
Mocha, Chai, Appian, Kendo, Bootstrap, Nightwatch, Metabase, DBT, Auth0, Blender
Automated Testing, CI/CD, Agile SDLC, Microservices, Monoliths, REST, Message Hubs, Multi-factor
Authentication, Disaster Recovery, 3D Modeling
ad1zb3@r.postjobfree.com
336-***-****
Contact this candidate