P a g e * *
Paul Basilevich
DevOps Engineer
ad1z44@r.postjobfree.com • 206-***-****
LinkedIn • Redmond, WA 98052
Summary
Accomplished and high caliber Engineer with 20+ years of experience in leveraging mathematical expertise and strong computer programming background to slash costs of and optimize software development process. Strategic thinker with remarkable technical prowess, able to effortlessly develop complex Bash scripts in the Linux environment, assist in automation of infrastructural processes and product delivery workflow utilizing interfaces to fundamental ecosystem components. Interpersonal leader skilled at managing diverse teams, leading by example, and assisting staff to boost productivity and morale through motivation and encouragement. Well-versed in building client apps and implementing programs to drive business and company growth. Additional expertise in technical writing. Currently hold TN-1 visa (Canadian citizen) work authorization. Technical Proficiencies
Platforms, Tools &
Software:
• CLI/API-centric automation: AWS, Rancher, Kong, Docker Hub, GitHub, GitLab
• Kubernetes, Terraform, VMware ESXi
• SDLC, Jenkins, Git, Jira, Slack, New Relic, WhiteSource
• Python, C/C++, Bash scripting (advanced level) in Linux and macOS Career Experience
Headlight Technologies Inc., Seattle, WA 2020 – 2023 Software Development Operations Engineer- Product & Engineering Team Automated the serializable start-up of the back-office microservice-driven ecosystem for processing multimedia data transmitted by a public infrastructure project inspection team from a client terminal used as a data collection tool in the field. Created and released an end-to-end continuous integration pipeline for creating iOS client apps (in the context of coexisting legacy and sustainable iOS platforms) and delivered apps to Test Flight automatically versioned based on detected currently developed code lines of a specific app and next available build number within the code line. Provided technical assistance to the development teams on an immediate basis to resolve infrastructure-related problems.
• Assisted the company to save time by reducing two weeks period to two hours through automation of the instantiation of the back-office ecosystem.
• Assisted in cutting the runtime of a scheduled, periodic Production-to-Development database sync-up process from 18 hours to 5 hours to sustaining all dependent ecosystem operations affected by runaway growth of the database's size.
Bright Machines Inc., Seattle, WA 2019 – 2020
Software Engineer- Development Operations Team
Developed an AWS Command Line Interface (AWS-CLI) based framework for reliably locating all instances of a cost-carrying AWS resource matching a regex-based multi-parameter search criterion, and then performing a predetermined common action on each instance (e.g., tagging, stopping, etc.) Automated reversible deployment of EKS-cluster-based (Kubernetes) product delivery framework (AWS CLI, kubectl) with secure load balancer (traefik/nginx) and monitoring service installation
(Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, Jaeger). Improved GitLab CI/CD pipeline with automated setup of GitLab runner (Bash script supporting Windows Git Bash and all Linux flavors), "docker" and "shell" executors, labeled with relevant development tools detected on a particular would-be runner.
• Automated EKS-centric product delivery framework deployment, reducing the time from several days to two days and eliminating the errors present in the manual process. P a g e 2 2
Gryphon Secure Inc., Toronto, ON 2018 – 2019
Software Systems Engineer- Networking & Infrastructure Played a key role in developing solutions for secured telecommunications. Designed a VMware-centric multi-zone network infrastructure for Android and iOS mobile clients to securely connect to a Docker-container-based backend server running asterisk and prosody behind a series of cascading firewalls (pfSense, Cisco).
• Assisted in the development of a steadfast product and expanding the client base by speeding up the development- QA-release cycle by resolving issues arising within the Jenkins-centric CI/CD pipeline. Bank of Montreal, Toronto, ON 2017 – 2018
IBM ClearCase Consultant- Branch Technology Department Upgraded Linux-based ClearCase Server 7.1.2.6 "base" to 9.0.0.5 MultiSite, including 200+ VOBs, 3 VOB storage servers, and 1000+ clients running on RHEL 5.11. Assisted in automation for inter-replica re-synchronization in MultiSite process to add resilience to VOB storage server outages (Python, Bash, "cleartool/multitool"). Utilized Python, Bash, and "cleartool" to automate the recreation of Linux client UCM views in the upgraded ClearCase environment, sparing hundreds of users the loss of sensitive data during the course of a typical server upgrade.
• Played a key role in saving time required for development work by automating MultiSite inter-replica re- synchronization process.
BlackBerry Ltd., Waterloo, ON 2006 – 2017
Senior Software Developer
Played a key role in transforming the pre-existent automation tool into a high-efficiency product delivery process. Reduced the build time of BlackBerry Enterprise Service (BES) from six or more hours to less than one and a half hours by applying a distributed dependency model. Developed component build tasks and assisted in subsequent conversion to DSL-based versioned seed templates for further automatic regeneration.
• Reduced the BES build time from 6 hours to 1.5 hours after the introduction of a distributed dependence architecture, providing more time for testing within the deadline constraints and ultimately propelled "the then" RIM to the forefront of the market.
Additional Experience
Product Availability Architect (Development Services Team), Invensys Systems Canada, Inc., Burlington, ON, Canada Software Engineer- Framework Development Department, Invensys Systems Canada, Inc., Burlington, ON, Canada Education
Honors diploma and degree in electrical engineering National Technical University of Ukraine 'Kyiv Polytechnic Institute', Kyiv, Ukraine PhD Program (Thesis on mathematical analysis of non-linear interactions in the weak-turbulent internal wave field) National Research Institute for Nautical Hydrophysics, Sevastopol, Ukraine
Contact this candidate