Skills
Imonikhe Aikoroje
DevOps Engineer
Address Elizabeth, NJ, United States 07208
Phone +1-929-***-****
E-mail ad21ka@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/imosaikoroje/
WWW https://bold.pro/my/imonikhe-aikoroje-
230*********/225
Imos is an IT Professional that has been active in the information technology industry for more than 20 years.
My responsibilities and achievements as a DevOps Engineer for over 8 years has been focused in successfully merging software development and IT operations skills to streamline software development lifecycle and improve collaboration between development and operations team. Imos play's a key role in configuring and managing infrastructure with components like servers, databases, network resources, often utilize cloud platforms, infrastructure-as-a-code practices, continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) Design and Implementation, Jenkins server deployment and configuration, ArgoCD server Deployment and configuration etc. Imos is passionate about technology and finds interest in continuously research about today technology trend, Implement experimental design and ensure the validity and reliability of research findings.
Imos believes in sharing knowledge for access to a diverse range of knowledge and perspectives because it aids in informed decision-making.
CI/CD (Groovy, Jenkins)
Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
Cloud Services (AWS, OCi)
Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes)
Configuration Management (Ansible)
Scripting (Java, Python, Bash)
Vulnerability Management (Gitleak, Prism Cloud)
Code Quality (SonarQube)
Functionality Test (Selenium)
Work History
Process Automation (Test Cases, SSL renewal, Self Remediation, Intellegent Node Autoscale, etc)
GitOps (Gitlab-ci, ArgoCD)
Networking (Subnet, Service Gateway, Route Tables, Security Groups, Nat, DRG etc) On-Prem Setup (Kubernetes, DB Server HA Cluster, LoadBalancer, etc) Infrastructure Monitoring, Observability and Notification Configuration 2022-06 -
2023-11
Senior Site Reliability Engineer
Sahab, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Kubernetes Prometheus Grafana Alert-Manager Kube-Green Cloud Service
(OCI) Virtual Networking CI/CD SonarQube NGINX Docker S3-Bucket Process Automation Cert-Manager MySQL High Availability Cluster Selenium DNS
SSL VCN VPC TCP Gitlab-CI ArgoCD Jenkins Helm Chart JavaScript BashScript Yaml Microservices Gitleak MongoDB HA Cluster Cassandra HA Cluster Database Schema Management S3-Bucket NFS On-Premis FinOps SRE
DevSecOps trillio.io iSO9001:2015
Collaborated closely with multiple development team to Implement best practices in building application with 80% threshold of code quality using .gitlab-ci.yml Automate infrastructure and application deployment with ArgoCD (GitOp Implementation)
Managed cloud assets and integrate multiple cloud resources and open source technology into solutions for microservices projects. Developed monitoring solutions using prometheus, grafana and alert-manager. Monitored, identified, reported and improved test results on code quality, vulnerability, functionality and infrastructure performance with test tools such as SonarQube, Gitleak and Prisma Cloud.
Improved CICD implementations.
Applied automated testing solutions for unit, integration and system testing. Maintained metrics visibility using Prometheus.io and Grafana to create useful dashboards and monitors.
Tuned systems to boost performance.
Implemented and managed automated backup and recovery systems with S3-Bucket and open-source technologies.
Created and managed Virtual Cloud Networks to secure public cloud environment. Ensured maximum high availability of production environment. Implemented security best practices for cloud infrastructure. Collaborated closely with scrum master to achieve Agile methodology implementation on DevOps practices and integrate ISO9001:2015 procedures into business.
2017-06 -
2022-08
DevOps Engineer
StockBridge LLC US, Remote, United State
Education
Kubernetes Cloud Platform (AWS) Hybrid Platform (Windows Server) Virtual Networking Jenkins Docker Tomcat Nexus SonarQube NGINX CI/CD Ansible Continuous learning and Professional Development: Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure resolution.
Worked with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions to meet client requirements for functionality, scalability, and performance.
Implemented best practices to protect data and assets. Tuned systems to boost performance.
Worked with cross-functional design teams to create software solutions that improved overall functionality and performance.
2014-11 -
2017-05
DevOps Engineer
Dantos Group, Remote, USA
Kubernetes Cloud Platform (AWS) Jenkins Docker Tomcat Nexus SonarQube NGINX CI/CD Continuous Learning and Professional Development Managed testing cycles and coordination of user acceptance testing for software and applications.
Monitored automated build and continuous software integration process to drive build/release failure resolution.
Collaborated with team to determine application requirement specifications. Researched and identified new technologies to use in agile development environment
Automated and implemented system backup and recovery procedures. Built automation tools and applications to deploy next-generation platforms. 2022-02 -
2023-09
Associate of Applied Science: Artificial Intelligence Oracle University - Online
2021-08 -
2023-09
Associate of Applied Science: Cloud Infrastructure Oracle University - Online
2021-03 -
2023-04
Associate of Applied Science: Kubernetes Administrator Linnux Foundation - Cloud Native Computing - Online 2005-07 -
2007-11
GED
Kings Computer Academy - Nigeria
Diploma In Computer Engineering
High School Diploma
Certifications
1998-10 -
2005-11
ShekOff Academy - Nigeria
West African Senior School Certification
2023-04 Kubernetes Administrator
2023-09 Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
2023-09 Artificial Intellegence
2023-09 ISO 9001:2015
2007-11 Computer Engineering
Contact this candidate