• CCNA
CONTACTf
Phone: Email: LinkedIn: Location:
219-***-**** ad24mx@r.postjobfree.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/srihari-nagaram Austin, TX SUMMARY
Over 10+ years of DevOps Engineer experience and a cloud first approach to solving critical business issues using cutting edge tools and automation, in positions as Senior Platform Engineer & Team Lead. Work with products’ SDLC for high-profile companies such as Verizon, Sysco Labs, and Citigroup, utilizing innovative solutions. CERTIFICATION
• AWS Solutions -
Architect Associate
SKILLS
• Kubernetes
• Linux
• Bash / Shell
• Python
• Helm
• Amazon Web Services
• Azure K8s
• Google Cloud Platform
EMPLOYMENT
Sysco Labs, Austin TX 2022 – Present
Sr. Platform /Software Engineer
Specialize in leading successful projects and delivering meaningful results that save time for both developers and infrastructure engineers as a seasoned Senior Platform/Software Engineer. Leverage expertise in managing deployment pipelines and infrastructure for Java and Spring Boot applications, ensuring flawless integration, efficient scaling, and highly reliable continuous delivery. Extremely proactive in exploring new initiatives to simplify the development process and implement advanced methods for increased efficiency. Demonstrate a deep commitment to ensuring the seamless operation of platforms and staying updated with the latest technologies. Key Contributions:
Led the full cycle of projects, including Vault Dynamic Credentials and the implementation of a new, advanced CI/CD Pipeline.
Maintained AWS EKS clusters successfully, ensuring timely upgrades and optimizations for performance.
Implemented Vault dynamic credentials with TTL for production databases, leading to a 90%-time reduction for production DB access.
Optimized applications' performance through single pod testing and obtaining optimal resource thresholds at its peak performance, resulting in cost savings.
Introduced an advanced CI/CD pipeline with zero manual interruption, enhancing the development process.
Maintained shop.sysco.com with an impressive uptime of 99.8%, minimizing downtime. Technical Expertise:
Tech Stack: Terraform for infrastructure, Kubernetes for container orchestration, Python/Shell for automation.
Infrastructure Security: Maintained security scores of multiple AWS accounts, introduced automation for anomaly tag identification, and updates via Python automations.
Cloud Expense Optimization: Right-sized services in Kubernetes via signal pod load testing, ensuring optimal CPU, memory, and latency at peak performance.
Nomi Health, Austin TX 2021 – 2022
Sr. DevOps /CloudOps Engineer
As a Senior DevOps/CloudOps Engineer, excelled in conducting daily stand-up meetings, utilizing the 'follow the sun' model, and prioritizing features to work with urgency while delivering value. Leveraged expertise in deploying and maintaining AWS infrastructure in client environments, as well as automating infra housekeeping activities. Key Contributions:
Brainstorm the idea of using custom reusable Terraform modules and brought down the project turnaround time by 50%.
Rolled out and maintained AWS infrastructure in client environments, ensuring seamless end-to-end workflow.
Implemented confluent integrations with infrastructure planned agile best practices and encouraged team cohesion, overcoming impediments and hurdles to productivity.
Projects:
Designed, deployed, and maintained AWS architecture to meet client requirements.
Created and maintained build/deployment pipelines, managing the codebase for Infrastructure As Code written in HCL Terraform.
Installed and configured SonarQube on Kubernetes, alongside other services like Episode6 for payments. Achievements:
Made high-impact contributions to extensive documentation and development of a modular Terraform codebase, expediting processes.
Played a key role in serverless projects using Lambda, SNS, SQS, S3, and API Gateway.
Established an excellent track record of driving efficiency and delivering successful projects, with a focus on meeting client requirements (high levels of client satisfaction) and optimizing processes. SRIHARI NAGARAM
• Kubernetes
• Open source
• CCNA
• Project Management
• Goldilocks
• Harbor
• CKA
• CCNA
• CKAD
• Git
• Jira
• Java/springboot framework
• Jenkins
• NewRelic
• DataDog
• Grafana
• BitBucket
SRIHARI NAGARAM
EMPLOYMENT
W Energy Software. Tulsa, OK 2021–2021
Sr. DevOps Engineer
Specialized in building, maintaining, and upgrading client systems on AWS infrastructure. Duties included providing comprehensive support for applications and databases across upstream, midstream, and downstream clients. Actively contributed to individual projects on a ticket-by- ticket basis, with a focus on Operations tasks that aligned ideally with individual client requirements. Key Responsibilities:
Built, maintained, and upgraded client systems on AWS infrastructure, ensuring zero downtime.
Integrated CI/CD into the process and initiated discussions to upgrade current monolithic applications into containers. Achievements:
Modularized the existing infrastructure, leveraging Terraform for improved efficiency.
Successfully integrated CI/CD into the process, paving the way for discussions on containerizing existing applications. Verizon, Irving, Texas 2019–2021
DevOps IV Engineer
As a Team Lead on Verizon's prestigious project NSA (North Star Architecture), played a crucial role in designing, building, and monitoring on-premises/AWS Cloud & EKS Kubernetes clusters in the production environment. Duties included implementing cloud best practices, optimizing performance, and actively participating in load tests for iPhone releases. Brought noteworthy results through leadership and hands- on expertise in designing, building, and optimizing Kubernetes clusters for high-profile projects. Key Contributions:
Led the design, setup, and management of Kubernetes CI/CD/CO production environments.
Provided exceptional support for multiple Enterprise releases for over 200 applications/services.
Achieved overall optimized performance of infrastructure by conducting Java application profiling and load tests during Verizon's Iconic Apple launch.
Maintained multiple Kafka Clusters hosted on ConfluentCloud with Snowflake/Lambda sink connectors for integration. Achievements:
Led the team in conducting load tests on the production environment, collected metrics at its peak performance, analyzed the results, and archived the findings.
Spearheaded cost savings and maintained competitiveness by continually tweaking infrastructure limits based on load test results.
Drove cloud migration and upgrades, from version 1.16 to 1.24, previously installing Kubernetes the traditional way (on-premises). Citigroup, Irving, Texas 2017- 2019
DevOps Engineer
Conducted reviews of Proof-of-Concepts for various accounts within Citigroup, focusing on Hybrid Cloud IAAS provisioning. Designed CI/CD solutions for building and releasing over 200 applications, managing bi-weekly releases and CAB approvals. Brought extensive experience in infrastructure planning, hybrid cloud IAAS provisioning, and CI/CD solutions design, showcasing a proven ability to drive efficiency and streamline processes.
Key Responsibilities:
Conducted infrastructure planning and reviews of Proof-of-Concepts for different accounts within Citigroup, emphasizing hybrid cloud IAAS provisioning.
Completed multiple POCs on AWS, GCP, and Azure, including installing a legacy Kubernetes on bare-metal servers and validating workload management.
Instituted an effective workflow by collecting internal client requirements via a ServiceNow form and incorporating values into CFT Cloud Formation templates for infrastructure provisioning.
Optimized legacy VMware technology for systems engineering and installation of server-level software packages to provide solutions.
Authored automation scripts for data manipulation and report generation on clients/costs. IBM, India 2014-2015
Operations Specialist / Security and Risk Management Professional Conducted security assessments for clients, granted access to authorized personnel, pulled reports, and maintained Active Directory (AD). STS Inc. for Cisco Systems, India 2013–2014
Cisco TAC / Operations Specialist
Provided comprehensive technical assistance and support for all Cisco software and hardware products. Interacted closely with users to address and resolve issues to ensure 100% satisfaction.
Education
Purdue University, May 2017 East Point College of Engineering and Technology, INDIA, May 2013 Master of Science in Computer Information Technology Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communications
Contact this candidate