Koushik Patlolla
+1-548-***-**** ad299q@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Over 3 years of experience as a DevOps Engineer using various tools to oversee the end-to-end SDLC process.
Experienced in creating and maintaining Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment pipelines in Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Docker, Ansible and Terraform.
Experienced in writing PowerShell scripts for deploying the servers and components.
Experienced with various Services of AWS: EC2, ELB, S3, EMR, Glue SNS, SQS, RDS, VPC, Elastic IP, Route 53, Glacier, IAM, Cloud Formation, and Cloud Watch.
Hands-On experience in Implement, Build and Deployment of CI/CD pipelines, managing projects often includes tracking multiple deployments across multiple pipeline stages (Dev, Test/QA staging, and production).
Experienced with Jenkins as Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment Tool and strong experience with Maven as Build Frameworks.
Experienced with Ansible, Puppet and Chef as System Configuration Tool.
Experienced in Creating playbooks and roles for Ansible and deploying applications to AWS cloud using Ansible.
Experienced with deployment automation of all the microservices to pull image from the private docker registry and deploy to docker swarm cluster using Ansible.
Administration experience in GitHub and SVN configuration tools.
Experienced in writing python, YAML, and shell scripts to automate the deployment and scheduling.
Experienced with Nagios, CloudWatch as an IT Infrastructure Monitoring tool.
Gained hand on experience in implementing core Data concepts such as containerization, visualization, version control, cloud computing, database management & administration, load balancing etc. by using a wide variety of technologies while working with multiple DBMS, Operating systems & Programming languages.
Experience in automating, building, and deploying infrastructure and applications.
Experienced in Administration of Production, Development, and Test environments carrying different operating system platforms like Windows, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, SUSE Linux, Centos.
Excellent problem solving, analytical skills, and technical troubleshooting skills.
Experienced in working with customers, developers, testing, product management and support staff. Skills
Technology - AWS, Microsoft Azure, Azure DevOps
DevOps Tools & Utilities- Maven, Jenkins, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Splunk, Kubernetes, Selenium, Nagios, ELK Programming - C, C++, Java, Python, Linux, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Shell Scripting, PowerShell. Education
Conestoga College
Kitchener, Canada
Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM)
SRM Institute of Science and Technology
Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science & Engineering Chennai, India
Operating Systems - Windows, Linux (Red Hat, Ubuntu), Unix Database Platforms - SQL Server, MySQL, NoSQL
Tools - Eclipse, PuTTY, Visual Studio
Frameworks - RESTful API
Source Code Management – GitLab, GitHub
Work Experience
MedAvail Technologies Ontario, Canada
DevOps Engineer Feb 2023 – Present
Implemented new projects builds framework by using Jenkins as build framework tool.
Hand-on knowledge of as source code management tool like Git.
Using Jenkins as a continuous integration tool for automation of daily processes and developing CI/CD pipelines.
Working with the application team in scheduling downtime/pre-install amp, post-install checks.
Experience in writing various custom Ansible playbooks for Deployment Orchestration.
Working in Docker container, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing directory structures, and managing containers
Experience with container orchestration system as Kubernetes for automating application deployment.
Experience of developing in a modern object-oriented language such as Java, Scala, .NET, Go or similar.
Created S3 buckets and managed policies for S3 buckets and utilized buckets for storage and backup on AWS.
Assisted in working on AWS and its services like AWS IAM, EC2, S3, RDS, CLOUD WATCH.
Provide support in creating private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST and PROD environments.
Evaluate client applications using apt hardware and software platforms based on given configuration.
Identify root causes of technical issues in production and out of box failures.
Interact with project teams for new products' development, giving insights from technical issues.
Ensuring effective front end and back-end functionality of applications.
Perform Java and UNIX releases and deploy code with FTP, create documentation for manuals.
Experience in partially administering JIRA for issue management.
Created EKS clusters in AWS for Dev, UAT, Prod Environments.
Debug the UNIX script failures that run in the production servers. Involve testing detail and summary reports using SQL queries and generate data.
Build tool, Maven used it on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Work with MAVEN for building the application, has written maven scripts and shell scripts to automate the build process.
Technical Stack: Docker, Kubernetes, MySQL, MongoDB, Jenkins, Bitbucket, Git, Jenkins, Maven, C++, Java, GitHub, AWS (EC2, VPC, RDS, ELB, Route 53), Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash. People Tech Hyderabad, India
DevOps Engineer Jan 2020 – Dec 2022
Work closely with the engineering team to design, build, document, and support systems and infrastructure
Assist building tools and services from scratch to fill the existing technology gaps.
Engaged with a variety of AWS solutions, such as EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, CloudWatch, Elastic IP, RDS, SNS,SQS, Glacier, IAM, VPC, CloudFormation, and Route53.
Configuring the build and release activities on both enterprise level and web applications.
Managed CI/CD pipeline through Jenkins for building, testing, and deploying applications.
Automated build and deployment processes using Jenkins scripts written in Groovy.
Integrated Jenkins with other tools such as Ant, Nexus, SVN, Confluence, and JIRA.
Set up Ansible-master, agent nodes, and admin control workstation.
Provisioned and configured Docker containers for different environments.
Created Docker files to define container configurations.
Created a GIT mirror for SVN repository, allowing the use of both GIT and SVN.
Developed automation scripts using Python and Shell.
Created custom solutions in C# and PowerShell for validation and compliance.
Set up a highly available monitoring infrastructure using Nagios and Ansible automation.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams including infrastructure, software engineers, business analysts, and stakeholders.
Implemented a disaster recovery project on AWS using DevOps automation for CI/CD.
JIRA as a defect tracking system, configured workflows, customizations, and plugins.
Develops automation using Shell scripting, Linux, Docker, and Packer.
Works on troubleshooting application integration issues with Development teams.
Built and managed a highly available monitoring infrastructure to monitor different application servers and its components using Nagios with Ansible automation.
Utilized Version Control tool, SVN, to establish branches and execute a parallel development process. Established a GIT mirror for the SVN repository, allowing users to employ both GIT and SVN concurrently.
Cooperate with infrastructure teams, software engineers, business analysts, and additional company stakeholders to gather prerequisites and implement frameworks to fulfill business and technical goals, SLAs, availability requirements, and capacity needs, encompassing aspects like high availability, farms/clusters, and disaster recovery. Technical Stack: AWS, Linux, Perl, Python, Ansible, Jenkins, PHP, Ruby, JIRA, GIT, Vagrant, SVN, Nexus, Nagios,JIRA, Java, ANT, RHEL 6.7/6.8/7.1/7.2, Bash, C#, PowerShell, Command Shell. Awards
Fastest Autocross award in National Go-kart racing.
2nd Podium in National Go-kart Racing.
Best Driver Performance award in Nation Go-kart Racing. Current Status
Work Permit
Contact this candidate