Thomas Nakaki 310-***-**** / 310-***-**** *** 10th Street, #4 ad2ao4@r.postjobfree.com
Santa Monica, CA 90403 https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-nakaki-0557a08/ THOMAS NAKAKI
SUMMARY
● Experienced DevOps Engineer with good understanding of melding of operations and development to quickly deliver code.
● Strong experience with Cloud and monitoring processes as well as DevOps development in Windows and Linux systems.
● Good technical knowledge DevOps, automation, build engineering and configuration management.
● Experienced in using DevOps essential tools like Puppet, Ansible, Docker, SVN, GIT, Jenkins, Ant and Maven.
● Experienced in deployment (Docker and Kubernetes), configuration management (Ansible. Puppet and Terraform) and Virtualization (VMware).
● Expertise in Amazon Web Services and its services like EC2, S3, VPC, VPN, EBS, ELB, SNS, Auto-Scaling, IAM, Route53, AMI, Security-Groups and Cloud Front.
● Experienced in creating users and groups in IAM and security groups in public and private Subnets using VPC.
● Experienced in conducting auto deployment of software applications in secured and managed environment using container technology Docker.
● Good experience in using Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance, scale and manage Docker containers with multiple namespace versions.
● Experienced with container management using Docker by writing and updating Dockerfiles.
● Strong experience in handling customizing, maintaining, upgrading and tuning of Atlassian products
(Jira, Confluence, Crowd, HipChat and Bitbucket).
● Experienced in branching, tagging and maintaining version control and source code management tools like GIT and SVN (Subversion).
● Experienced in using Gulp.js to automate and enhance JavaScript deployment workflow.
● Experienced with Git Flow Branching and deployment model.
● Strong experience in maintaining and monitoring logs with ELK Stack.
● Good experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, Splunk, Zabbix and New Relic.
● Good knowledge in administration of production, development and test environments carrying different operating system platforms like Windows and Linux (Red Hat, CentOS and Ubuntu).
● Experienced in system administration on various platforms which includes RedHat Linux, Solaris, SUSE Linux, CentOS, Windows environments, VMware ESX/ESXi and VMware VSphere.
● Experienced with on call and after-hours emergencies as needed 24/7.
● Excellent communication, collaboration and team building skills. EDUCATION
● Masters in Geophysics and Space Physics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA.
● Bachelors in Applied Geophysics, University of California, Los Angeles, CA. CERTIFICATIONS
● Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE): Exchange and SQL. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Testing Tools QuickTest Pro, LoadRunner, QTP, Selenium and Application Center. Test Databases Tools Oracle, MS Access, MS SQL, MySQL and DB2. Platforms Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000/NT, Linux, UNIX, RedHat, Solaris, AIX, VMware, VSphere, EXSi Hyper-V, ESX and Citrix XenServer. CI/CD Tools Jenkins and Bamboo.
Thomas Nakaki - Page 1 of 6
Configuration Management Puppet, Ansible and Terraform. Container Platforms Docker and Kubernetes.
Languages SQL, XML, HTML, C#, ASP, Java, Visual Basic, Perl, JavaScript, Python and GOLANG.
Web Servers IIS, Apache, WebSphere, SAP NetWeaver Enterprise Portal and JBoss. Software Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project, MS Exchange, MS SharePoint, MS SQL, Documentum, NetWeaver, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Visio and Eclipse.
Network Switches, Routers, Firewalls, SAN, LAN/WAN, Network Attached Storage (NAS), TCP/IP, VPN, SMTP, POP3, NAT, VPN, VLAN, NFS/SMB/ CIFS/SCSI/iSCSI/SAS Protocols and Brocade Switches. Methodologies Agile, Safe 4.0, Kanban and Waterfall. COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
● St. Monica Sacristan Sunday 5:30 pm St. Monica Peace & Justice Core Team Habitat for Humanity. EXPERIENCE
Thrive Market Los Angeles May, Los Angeles 2018 - May 2023 Sr. DevOps Engineer
● Worked on New Relic instrumentation of servers and alerting for error conditions.
● Developed build and deployment pipelines on concourse ci
● Created terraform modules to support new and existing infrastructure in AWS
● Used ansible for ensuring CIS compliant ubuntu images
● Design, develop, and maintain Kubernetes clusters and applications
● Monitor and troubleshoot Kubernetes clusters and applications.
● Automate deployment and scaling of Kubernetes clusters and applications.
● Design and implement CI/CD pipelines for Kubernetes applications.
● Supported Developers questions on infrastructure
● Supported production database to QA database sanitization and migration
● Supported puppet server for configuration management
● Integrated AWS and New Relic to aid having a single source os alerts
● Supported legacy boson alerting system
● Worked in a nearly 100% aws cloud environment, with a small amount of servers in the physical warehouses.
Thomas Nakaki - Page 2 of 6
Chrome River Technologies, Los Angeles May 2018 - 2020 Sr. DevOps Engineer
• Worked on docker swarm to Kubernetes migration for microservices
• Worked on Hybrid Cloud Environemnt of AWS and Rackspace servers
• Design, develop, and maintain Kubernetes clusters and applications.
•Monitor and troubleshoot Kubernetes clusters and applications.
•Automate deployment and scaling of Kubernetes clusters and applications.
•Design and implement CI/CD pipelines for Kubernetes applications.
•Developed CI/CD Jenkins pipelines
• Ensured that application build process is being consistently followed.
• Worked to scale up new environments and regions with ansible and terraform • Ensured deployments for test environments are done in a timely manner.
• Provided debugging analysis on deployment issues to help troubleshoot root causes. DirecTV/AT&T, El Segundo, CA May 2015 - November 2017 Configuration Management/DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Worked on Safe 4.0 Agile transformation project for Next Gen video platform.
● Supported new build and integration processes for Next Gen Video platform.
● Helped in moving from a monolithic Application model to a containerized microservice model.
● Implemented Dockerized Jenkins build systems and Kubernetes clusters.
● Supported new team’s startup in both Scrum and Kanban methodologies.
● Ensured that application build process is being consistently followed.
● Created and manage tasks to build/deploy applications to remote systems and check in distributions via Hudson and Jenkins and managed and maintained application builds.
● Ensured deployments for test environments are done in a timely manner.
● Provided debugging analysis on deployment issues to help troubleshoot root causes.
● Created and managed installation and utility scripts for things such as JBoss and Tomcat.
● Verified that development release notes are accurate and can be used to deploy associated modules. Advertise.com Inc., Sherman Oaks, CA July 2012 - March 2015 Thomas Nakaki - Page 3 of 6
DevOps Engineer 2013 - 2015
Responsibilities:
● Promoted best DevOps practices within organizations and provided best practice, configuration management and training for common delivery tools and services such as build servers, various source control providers (Git) and scripting as required.
● Developed an application build process utilizing Jenkins/Rundeck/SVN.
● Built and deployed QA/production systems and utilized Ant/Maven for builds configuration management utilizing Jira/Confluence/Puppet.
● Good SQL skills on MySQL, Oracle and MS SQL.
● Debugged issues with Tomcat, Apache, Nginx, HornetQ and Couchbase in QA and production environments.
● Documented process for deployment and support of QA/production environment.
● Good networking experience with RedHat/Centos and Debian Windows.
● Extensive Linux experience with RedHat/Centos, Debian and Windows.
● Good script programming skills in Bash, Perl and Python.
● Experienced with source control management systems SVN and Git. Senior QA Engineer 2012 - 2013
Responsibilities:
● Built and deployed QA/production systems.
● Developed and established quality assurance measures and testing standards for new applications, products and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout their development/product lifecycles.
● Prepared and delivered reports, recommendations or alternatives that address existing and potential trouble areas in IT systems and projects across organization.
● Analyzed documentation and technical specifications of any new application under deployment or consideration to determine its intended functionality.
● Conducted internal audits to measure and assure adherence to established QA standards for software development, application integration, information system performance and corresponding documentation.
● Created and executed test plans and scripts that will determine optimal application performance according to specifications.
● Ensured that testing activities allow applications to meet business requirements and systems goals, fulfill end-user requirements and identify existing or potential issues.
● Collaborated with software/systems personnel in application testing, such as system, unit, regression, load and acceptance testing methods.
● Made recommendations for improvement of applications to Programmers and Software Developers or Engineers.
● Communicated test progress, test results and other relevant information to Software Manager.
● Tested any new software to ensure integration into company systems meets functional requirements, system compliance and technical specifications.
● Analyzed formal test results to discover and report any defects, bugs, errors, configuration issues and interoperability flaws.
● Assisted in development of change control processes, practices and guidelines for new and existing technologies.
● Participated in developing, distributing, and coordinating in-depth end-user reviews for modified and new systems or applications.
● Cultivated and disseminated knowledge of quality assurance best practices. Abbey Bookshop, Los Angeles, CA January 2010 - July 2012 Webmaster/Database Administrator
Responsibilities:
● Worked to support and maintain Abbey Bookshop website and database.
● Helped to build sales via third party book sellers. Thomas Nakaki - Page 4 of 6
● Supported MS SQL database including backups and updates and supported Apache Web Server.
● Created testing environments: installed and configured application servers, directory server and databases.
● Generated reports on books sales and revenue and maintained up to date content on website.
● Developed and maintained Hybrid Automated Frameworks using Selenium RC configured under Eclipse JUnit environment.
LionBridge, Los Angeles, CA January 1991 - September 2009 Senior Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Worked with EMC on “Designed for EMC” and “EMC Ready” program as EMC Documentum Architect.
● Worked with EMC partners to certify their products and maintained solution market place website related to certified partners.
● Worked with over 50 partners for EMC certification program.
● Collected data on partners for “Offering of the Year” awards.
● Generated reports on certification progress and reminders to partner when recertification was needed answered partner questions about the EMC certification program.
● Setup and supported EMC Documentum VMware Lab for partners.
● Created, executed and maintained test plans/cases driven from business requirements and mockup design documents and provided time estimates for test projects.
● Executed and updated regression test sets to ensure previously tested code stability.
● Worked with multiple software development methodologies including Agile/Scrum and SDLC Waterfall.
● Ran application stress tests using a variety of test automation tools: QTP, Application Center Test and Selenium and created and maintained automation test scripts in QTP and Selenium.
● Configured and installed Documentum on LAMP and Windows platforms. Senior Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Worked with SAP ICC on NetWeaver portal certification program.
● Certified more than 100 partner products for the SAP NetWeaver portal.
● Supported SAP partners in process of developing their products for NetWeaver.
● Answered partner questions about SAP certification program.
● Setup SAP NetWeaver portals for certification.
● Created, executed and maintained test plans/cases driven from business requirements documents.
● Configured and installed SAP NetWeaver and Java-based (J2EE) applications platform on Windows and Linux platforms.
● Analyzed business requirements and software requirement specifications to create test plan and test case for manual and automated testing.
● Developed and maintained existing and developed new automation framework via QTP and Selenium.
VeriTest, Santa Monica, CA August 1985 - January 1991 Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Performed quality assurance testing on a wide range of hardware and software products, ranging from PDAs to Datacenter class servers.
● Worked with Sun on SunReady hardware certification, Microsoft on Windows 95, Backoffice, 2000, 2003, Datacenter, Vista, Windows 7 Certifications, SCO UnixWare certification.
● Worked on SANs for Microsoft Cluster systems and Cisco iSCSI routers.
● Designed and installed Compaq Datacenter Systems valued at over $500,000.
● Supported Unisys 32-processor datacenter systems and attached EMC storage.
● Setup and configured webservers: Apache, IIS, WebSphere and WebLogic.
● Supported end-users and client systems.
Thomas Nakaki - Page 5 of 6
● Supported UNIX systems: UnixWare, Solaris, SUSE, RedHat and Linux.
● Setup and configured email systems: Lotus Notes/Domino, ccMail, Exchange and GroupWise.
● Setup and configured database systems: DB2, MS SQL, Sybase, Oracle and MySQL.
● Created and executed test plans/cases driven from business requirements documents. Thomas Nakaki - Page 6 of 6
Contact this candidate