Niyi Sorunke
716-***-**** ad2ag5@r.postjobfree.com

DEVOPS ENGINEER
A result-driven DevOps Engineer with five years of experience in designing, implementing, and managing robust CI/CD pipelines and cloud infrastructure. Proven expertise in automating deployments, optimizing system performance, and ensuring seamless integration between development and operations teams. Committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge.

KEY TECHNICAL SKILLS
Apache FTP DNS Nagios Jira Confluence DNS DHCP TCP/UDP Route53 NFS Load Balancer Tomcat Proxy FileZilla LVM Gitlab GitHub Git Jira Jenkins RAID AWS EC2 S3 VPC AMI MariaDB Postgres IAM CloudWatch SSH Putty Hyper-V Tomcat CI/CD Terraform CloudFormation AWS Cloud9 Ansible Prometheus and Grafana GitLab-ci. SSH (putty, MobaXterm, etc.) GitLab Runner Docker Kubernetes JForg YAML Bash Scripting

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH), Alexandria, VA 08/2022 – Present
DevOps Engineer
Developed and implemented automated deployment strategies, resulting in a 50% reduction in deployment time and increased efficiency across the organization.
Managed and maintained a highly available infrastructure, ensuring 99.99% uptime for critical systems and minimizing downtime due to system failures.
Streamlined CI/CD pipelines by integrating various tools and technologies, leading to a 30% improvement in release velocity and reducing time-to-market for new features.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to improve the scalability and performance of production environments, resulting in a 40% increase in system capacity and enhanced user experience.
Built custom Virtual Machine for multiple platforms from a single source configuration.
Implement and construct a robust CI/CD pipeline and integrate security tool using SAST Application like SonarQube.
Manage Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes.
Utilize CI/CD tools Jenkins, Git/GitLabs, Jira, and Docker registry/daemon for configuration management.
Install and configure Terraform and building the infrastructure using terraform configuration file.
Utilized Kubernetes to create Pods, ConfigMaps and deployments into the cluster.

Accenture Federal, Alexandria, VA 01/2022 – 08/2022
DevOps Engineer (Contract)
Advised users on advanced cloud practices, cloud strategies, migration roadmap, and DevOps practices.
Supported development and execution of strategies for automating and standardizing solution deployments across client organizations and environments in support of database and application development activities (DevSecOps).
Supported defining technical architecture within the context of the client’s broader technology infrastructure.
Established the configuration baselines and specifications for automation tools and CICD pipelines.
Designed, installed, upgraded, monitored, fine-tuned, and troubleshooted CICD services.
Supported application development and code migration processes across client infrastructure and environments.
Managed secrets using Hashicorp Vault.
Expert in DevOps essential tools like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Subversion (SVN), GIT, Jenkins, Ant, Maven and Managed Services like EC2, S3, Route53, ELB, EBS.
Orchestrated CI/CD processes by responding to Git triggers, human input, and dependency chains and environment setup.

Darkblade Systems, Fort Belvoir, VA 06/2021 – 12/2021
DevOps Engineer/ Linux System Administrator
Configured Linux operating system to include creation of custom Linux installations (e.g. Kickstart), performing advanced Linux networking (i.e., multicast routing), and DoD STIG implementation
Proficient in software languages and techniques such as GRUB, Shell scripting, Red Hat, CentOS
Provided expert knowledge on various CPU architectures (e.g. ARM, NVIDIA Jetson)
Operated with version control systems such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Azure Git.
Set-up CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Docker, Nexus, Artifactory, Slack.
Developed scripts and automation tools used for building, integrating, and deploying software releases to multiple environments.
Created Dockerfiles and worked with Docker containers.
Configured cloud infrastructures using Terraform.
Setup mavin plugins for java applications in Jenkins jobs
Configuration management with ansible playbook.

T & T Consulting Services Inc., Dayton, OH 01/2020 – 06/2021
DevOps Engineer
Maintained continuous integration using Pipeline, setup Master VM architecture.
Created Jenkins with installations and added desired plugging.
Setup VCS (GitHub and Bitbucket) and SSH keys from Bash language syntax for Agile teams.
Integrated GitHub and Bitbucket Webhooks into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process for builds.
Provisioned infrastructure on AWS using Terraform and automating infrastructure using Ansible.
Managed AWS EC2 instances utilizing Auto Scaling, Elastic Load Balancing and Glacier for our QA and UAT environments.
Utilized Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment.
Ensured accurate documentation for software installation including vulnerability mitigation processes for approved software.
Managed access groups and permission structure on shared files and folder.
Setup Amazon S3 buckets and managed buckets using configurations such as IAM, Bucket Policies, Versioning, Access logs, and Life Cycle for storage classes.
Created Record set for Route 53 routing policies and receiving data using SFTP on the Family Transfer.

Sumitomo Rubber USA, Buffalo, NY 12/2015 – 12/2019
Linux System Administrator/ DevOps Engineer
Provisioned entire infrastructure using Terraforms, and configured servers using Ansible.
Focused on repetitive or scripted tasks such as user maintenance, backups, assisting with hardware maintenance, and supervised end-user support calls, basic hardware knowledge, knowledge of the Linux filesystem, basic knowledge of networks and troubleshooting network problems.
Monitored web servers using Nagios and OMD to ensure that servers are performing adequately.
performing and verifying backups, restoring files, managing user accounts, onboarding users, offboarding users, on-call rotation, limited client interface, and system maintenance activities.
Managed and maintained systems support for software, hardware, and servers: test, troubleshoot, diagnose, and resolve all problems.
Provided timely technical support for users and work with them to solve existing problems.
Configured, monitored, and maintained updated virus protection software, and backup data for emergency recovery.

EDUCATION
BA, International Relations
Buffalo State College

AS, General Studies
Erie Community College

CERTIFICATIONS

CompTIA Linux+ AWS Certified Solution Architect CompTIA Security+
Contact this candidate