Resume
M Hari Krishna Email: ad2e5x@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-940-***-****

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Professional summary:
Over All 16 years 11months of Total IT experience in Infrastructure Maintenance Engineer as below.
Over 12+ years of experience in integrating various middleware technologies Oracle WebLogic servers, oracle SOA,OSB, OTD,OHS Nginx Webservers (IHS, Apache), JBOSS, Apache, Tomcat, IBM WebSphere Application Server.
4+ years of combined experience as DevOps engineer, with expertise on DevOps tools such as GIT, GitHub, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, and Linux System Administration in heterogeneous environment.
Well skilled in installation, configuration, and maintenance of application on different middleware platforms on different Unix/Linux platforms.
Expertise in Amazon AWS Cloud Administration which includes services like EC2, S3, VPC, IAM, Route 53, Auto scaling, Cloud Watch, OPS work and Security groups.
Design high availability (HA) applications on AWS across availability Zones and Regions.
IBM WebSphere Application server V6.x/7.x /8.x/WLP Administration and expertise in installation, configuration, troubleshooting and deploying applications in development, UAT and Production environments.
Experience in installation, configuration and administration of IBM HTTP Server and IBM HTTP Plug-in.
Configured IBM WebSphere MQ Queue Managers, Queues, and Channels. Created MQ objects on local and remote MQ servers.
Highly experience in building and working with Clustered environments like vertical and horizontal Clusters for achieved Fail Over and Workload Management.
Expertise in setting up the Development, testing, staging and production environments.
Strong Knowledge for installing and configuring IBM WebSphere MQ, creating local, remote, transmission queues, creating channels, listeners and installing MQ client software.
Monitoring and maintenance of Queue Managers, Queues, Channels and Listeners.
Highly experienced on Deployment, software installation, maintenance, fixes upgrades, configuration, troubleshooting and performance tuning of all applications servers.
Experience in resolving and troubleshooting of incident and change tickets of different stage (Dev, QA, Prod) using log files and analyzing heap and thread dumps using Thread Analyzer and Heap Analyzer for all application servers.
Involved in bridge and MI calls and experience of working in Data centers with 24X7 Production and On-Call Environments.
Excellent client relation skills and the drive to complete tasks effectively and efficiently where customer services and technical skills are demanded as well as the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management and the technical community.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
●Worked as a ERP SR Specialist in NTTDATA from 4th June 2018 to 29th November 2023
●Worked as a SOA Administrator in Paycommerce from 26th July-2017 to 3rd June-2018.
●Worked a Sr Software Engineer in TechMahindra ltd from 6th May 2015 to June 30th -2017.
●Worked as a Sr System Administrator in IMSI(Techmihindra) From June 2nd 2012 to 4th May 2015
●Worked as Senior Desktop Management engineer in Wipro infotech Hyderabad from 14th June 2012 to May 30th 2014.
●Worked As A Sr System Administrator in Wipro infotech the payroll of in Prime access Technologies from 22nd March 2010 to 13th June 2012
●Worked as a Technical Support Engineer at Serco BPO Hyderabad, from September-2009 to March-2010.
●Worked as a Network Engineer at CMC ltd Hyderabad payroll of Intercorn international pvtltd, from Dec-2006to September-2009.

Middleware Technologies
Oracle WebLogic, Oracle SOA suite, Oracle OSB, JBoss, Tomcat, WebSphere Portal, BPM and process servers, IBM WebSphere Application servers and MQ,
Webservers
IBM Http Servers,Apache Web Server and OHS
DevOps
Git, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes
Scripting language
Shell scripting,WLST
Cloud Services
AWS, Azure and OIC
Operating System
Linux/Unix, Windows and iSeries
Ticketing Tools
Service now, BMC Remedy, Maximo and Jira
Monitoring Tools
APM. Dynatrace, Splunk and AppDynamics

EDUCATION
B.Sc Commuters from Nishitha Degree College passed out in 2005 (Osmania University)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

PROJECTS

1.Project Title : Point32health
Client : Point32health
Environment : Middleware Tier (Prod and Non-Prod)
Role : ERP SR specialist
Roles and Responsibilities:

●Building New Middleware (WebLogic,SOA,OSB,BPM, and OHI )domains on Exalogic and Non-Exalogic 11g and 12c. Create new domains from existing domains by using cloning technology WebLogic Server domains if Client need new environment with same architecture.
●Install and configure middleware servers like oracle weblogic,oracle soa suite,Jboss..etc
●Upgrade lower version to higher version like weblogic 11g to 12c
●Creating Adapters like DB, JMS on cluster environment.
●Creating distributed queue and connection factory.
●Creating Data source.
●Build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring, operations and security.
●Monitoring APM dashboards and Dynatrace monitoring tools and taking required action.
●Coordinating with application and system owners if any thing related to application and OS related.
●Troubleshooting of Application Server level issues on production.
●Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health.
●Analysing and automating responses to key performance metrics, logs, and alerts.
●Improvement of the monitoring and automations.
●Support business users to understand issues, develop root cause analysis and work with the team for the development of enhancements/fixes.
●Improve security and performance of infrastructure by working with other teams.
●Collaborated with peers on the development of new automation tools and services used in the management and maintenance of various virtual environments.
●Worked with Dev to update proxy server url ‘s and MDS(WSDL,Xsd) files as per Environment on OSB Domains .
●Install, Configure and maintain Portal, CMS(content management ) and Autonomy (Search Engine services configured on this servers ) .
●Install and configure HTTP, Sunonewebserver (Oracle iplanet servers) and Tomcat apache servers and integrated with WebLogic. Worked with Hosting team to adding host’s in F5 load balancer for end user.
●Worked with Dev team to Create OID (Oracle Internet directory) and applied security polices as per they suggestions.
●Involved in source control management with GitHub Repositories.
●Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon web services (AWS) & configuration management.
●Configured & deployed Java application on Amazon Web Services (AWS).
●Developed scripts in Shell/Terraform/Ansible to automate deployment process to various environments.
●Automate provisioning and repetitive tasks using Terraform, Docker container & Service Orchestration.
●Automated configuration management and deployments using Ansible playbooks and for resource declaration and creating roles and updating Playbooks to provision servers by using Ansible.
●Utilized Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
●Set up Dashboards for senior management and production support which required to use Splunk.
●Assist internal users of Splunk in designing and maintaining production-quality dashboards.
●Setup Continuous integration with Jenkins and make use of wide range of plugins available to setup smooth developer friendly workflows.
●Extensively worked on Jenkins to implement continuous integration (CI) and Continuous deployment (CD) processes.
●Create, manage, and delete users and groups as per the request using Amazon Identity and Access Management.
●Active participant in scrum meetings, reporting the progress and maintain effective communication with each team member and manager.
●
●Experienced in configuring relational databases like Oracle and SQL server with application server.
●Documented various procedures involved in the day-to-day maintenance of various environments.
●Extensive experience in working at 24/7 support.

Environment:Weblogic Server 11g/12c,SOA 11g/12c, JDK 1.6/1.7 and 1.8, J2EE, JDBC, Apache HTTP server 2.0,sun one web servers, Linux, Unix, BMC Monitoring tool,APM and Dynatrace

2.Project Title : Paymentgatewaydevelopment
Client : Paycommerce
Environment : On Premise
Role : Sr SOA Administrator

Roles and Responsibilities:

●Involved in the installation of WebLogic server and SOA suite.
●Configuring WebLogic and SOA domains for new environments
●Tuning and configuring Oracle SOA Suite 12c environment for high availability.
●Monitor and manage SOA Components by using the Oracle Enterprise Manager Fusion
●Middleware Control Console to perform administrative tasks.
●Deploying SOA composite applications on BPEL,BPM,ESS,OWSM and OSB .
●Configuring SOA composite application resources.
●Monitoring SOA composite applications.
●Deploying applications, configuring JDBC connection pools, Data Sources, JMS Queues etc
●Deployed J2EE Web and EJB modules using Weblogic Command Line Deploy tool and Weblogic Admin Console.
●Configuring JDBC Data sources, Connection Pool and troubleshooting to fix the issues.
● Configuring JMSServer - Persistent Store, Connection Factory, Topic/Queue and monitoring messages.
●Create new domains from existing domains and modify Weblogic Server domains
●Interacted with Network, Oracle DBA and SQL DBA in resolving the Weblogic critical issues, and used to follow up on the opened tickets by analyzing the respective thread dumps and config files.
●Experience in both Clustered and non-Clustered environments
●Worked closely with development and testing teams to implement fixes in Testing and Production environments.
●Involved in troubleshooting production issues and in escalating the issues as per the requirement.
●Established JDBC Connection Pool and Multipool configuration with Oracle, and SQL Server.
●Design, implement, and manage server clustering and maintenance of connections pools and EJB’s.
●Identify unexpected exceptions and the Weblogic Server instance that generated the exception

Environment: WebLogic Server 11g and 12c,SOA 11gand 12c, JDK 1.8 and 1.7, J2EE, JDBC,
Apache HTTP server 2.0,sun one web servers,Linux, Unix.

3.Project Title : Health care (www.bio-rad.com)
Client : Bio-rad
Environment : On Premise
Role : Sr Software Engineer

Roles and Responsibilities:

●Installation of WebLogic server and SOA suite.
●Configuring WebLogic and SOA domains for new environments
●Tuning and configuring Oracle SOA Suite 11g environment for high availability.
●Monitor and manage SOA Components by using the Oracle Enterprise Manager Fusion
●Middleware Control Console to perform administrative tasks.
●Deploying SOA composite applications on BPEL and OSB .
●Configuring SOA composite application resources.
●Monitoring SOA composite applications.
●Deploying applications, configuring JDBC connection pools, Data Sources, JMS Queues etc
●Deployed J2EE Web and EJB modules using Weblogic Command Line Deploy tool and Weblogic Admin Console.
●Configuring JDBC Data sources, Connection Pool and troubleshooting to fix the issues.
●Installing and Configuring JMSServer - Persistent Store, Connection Factory, Topic/Queue and monitoring messages.
●Create new domains from existing domains and modify Weblogic Server domains
●Interacted with Network, Oracle DBA and SQL DBA in resolving the Weblogic critical issues, and used to follow up on the opened tickets by analyzing the respective thread dumps and config files.
●Experience in both Clustered and non-Clustered environments
●Worked closely with development and testing teams to implement fixes in Testing and Production environments.
●Involved in troubleshooting production issues and in escalating the issues as per the requirement.
●Established JDBC Connection Pool and Multipool configuration with Oracle, and SQL Server.
●Design, implement, and manage server clustering and maintenance of connections pools and EJB’s.
●Identify unexpected exceptions and the Weblogic Server instance that generated the exception

Environment:Weblogic Server 11g,SOA 11g, JDK 1.5/1.6 and 1.7, J2EE, JDBC, Apache HTTP server 2.0,sun one web servers,Linux, Unix, BMC Monitoring tool

4.Project Title : Banking (www.sbi.com)
Client : SBI
Environment : On Premise
Role : Sr Helpdesk Management
Roles and Responsibilities:

●Good working experience in Installation, Configuration, Performance Tuning and Trouble- Shooting of SOA Environment (Service Engines, Adapters, BAM,B2B).
●Install and configure Oracle SOA Suite 11g components in Oracle WebLogic Server domains.
●Deploying and Monitoring the SOA composite applications.
●Monitor and manage SOA Components by using the Oracle Enterprise Manager Fusion Middleware Control Console to perform administrative tasks.
●Troubleshoot SOA composite applications by performing corrective actions such as fault recovery.
●Maintenance of SOA Partitions
●Configuring and monitoring of BPEL service components and Service engines.
●Experience in SOA Clustering
●Expertise in configuring DB Adapter, JMS Adapter,BAM Adapter.
●Installing, configuring & integrating OSB to SOA Domain.
●Good knowledge on OSB in terms of Customization file creation, error handling, reporting.
●Provided 24/7 on call support for production.
●Weblogic Activities:
●
●Experience in Supporting of Weblogic 10.x/11gR1 & SOA 11g R1 for various teams like Dev, Test, QA, Pre-prod & Production.
●Experience in domain creation & configuring JDKs
●Configuring Domains in for various environments according to their specifications
●Experience in working with Admin Console .
●Expertise in Deployment of applications in to clustered & non-clustered environment.
●Expertise configuring & monitoring Data Sources to connect to ORACLE databaseusing XA & NON-XA Drivers
●Expertise in monitoring & tuning connection pools
●Expertise in Configuring JMS servers, JMS Resources like Queues, Topics, Connection Factoriesetc..
●Expertise in configuring &monitoring Clusters
●Expertise in working with security realms to create users, groups & reset user lockouts
●Expertise in installing SSL
●Expertise in Configuring proxy for weblogic servers using Apache webserver
●Monitoring &tuningJVM Performance by adjusting WebLogic heap size
●Expertise in garbage collection techniques
●Expertise in taking thread dump & analysis.
●Knowledge on patching and upgrading in weblogic environment.
●Expertise in Trouble shooting weblogic environment issues by analyzing the log file
●Knowledge in ITIL process
●Knowledge on shell scripting, wlst .

Environment:Weblogic Server 9.2/10.x, JDK 1.5/1.6, J2EE, JDBC, Apache HTTP server 2.0, Linux

5.Project Title : Technical Helpdesk (www.sercobpo.com)
Client : SERCO BPO
Environment : On Premise
Role : Sr Helpdesk Management

Responsibilities:

●Operating system installation and configuration in new desktops.
●Installation of all antivirus and updating like Symantec and McAfee Antivirus software.
●Installing and configuring applications like MS Office and other software’s according to project team needs.
●Configuring and Troubleshooting the OUTLOOK Mails to the users.
●Responsible for providing solutions to all desktops related issues.
●Configuring the IP address and resolving IP conflict issues.
●Trouble shooting issues related to desktop connectivity, cabling, Hubs and Switches.
●Scanning all desktops for Virus with Antivirus software.

6. Project Title : CMC LTD
Client : NHAI
Environment : On Premise
Role : Network Engineer

Description: EMAS (Electronic Municipal Administration System) : The aim of the project is connecting the District Municipalities with State Capital, Hyderabad by Leased Lines which facilitates Data transmission throughout all municipalities in the state. This facility will bring online services like Property and Water Tax collection, Birth and Death Certificates issuing, House construction permissions, Internal Administration of the Department, File Management system etc. Networking

Roles and responsibilities:
●Running EMAS Application on Linux Server.
●Managing Leased Line Modems.
●Monitoring Online Application at District Head Quarters.
●Establishing LAN at client’s Office & interconnects
●Them with DDC (District Datacenter) Through Leased Lines.
●Installing RAD & D-Link Modems of 64/128 Kbps
●Monitoring Online Network through BSNL
●Network Performance Reports Generation and daily Backups of Linux server Using FTP
●Supporting internal LAN/WAN Infrastructure consisting of Microsoft windows 2003 server.
●DNS (Domain naming server) Active Directory, ADC and one DB server like SQLServer2000 client desktops using XP Professional. This entire network connectivity to connecting Cisco Switch (2950 series) and Installed and configured.
●Proliant ML 350server with hardware Raid-5 Technology.
●Installing and maintained HP LaserJet 2420 printers.
●Installing all HP Desktops with Windows XP as a Client in the Toll Boots.
●Maintaining of Symantec antivirus by loading all the Updates regularly.
●OS Installations and Troubleshooting Systems and network.

Declaration: I hereby declare that the details given by me in this Resume are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: Signature
(M.Hari Krishna)
Contact this candidate