AA
ATUD AKEH
ad2qwb@r.postjobfree.com 609-***-**** Lumberton, NJ 08048
Bilingual DevOps Engineer proudly oﬀering over [Number] years of experience ﬁxing bugs in coding with source control tools. Polished professional successful designing, testing and implementing infrastructure and applications for various clients. Oﬀering IT solution building expertise in fast-paced environments. Scripting language such as python
Containerization such as docker and kubernetes.
Performance Management
Meeting Participation.
Task Prioritization
Amazon Web Services
Source and Version Control: Git, Github
Continuous Integration Systems
Teamwork and Collaboration
Conﬁguration Management
Linux Environments
Customer Relationship Management
YCharts Remote, Remote Job
DevOps Engineer
06/2022 - 09/2023
Employed integrated development environments (IDEs). Developed procedures to automate code builds and deployments. Optimized the release cycle by automating deployments with tools like Ansible Tower.
Created CI and CD pipelines with Jenkins and Docker to automate the build process of applications.
Coordinated system installations of software.
Maintained version control systems such as GitLab for all software development projects.
C-Metric Moorestown, NJ
DevOps Engineer
10/2020 - 05/2022
Mentored and trained engineers to improve processes companywide. Recommended strategies to maximize performance and lifespan of equipment involved in software installations.
Deﬁned build and conﬁguration standards to provision infrastructure services.
Recommended improvements to facilitate team and project workﬂow. Developed procedures to automate code builds and deployments. seamless development Cherry Hill, NJ
DevOps Engineer
03/2020 - 09/2020
Deﬁned build and conﬁguration standards to provision infrastructure services.
Automated manual tasks wherever possible using scripting languages like Python.
Recommended improvements to facilitate team and project workﬂow. Developed procedures to automate code builds and deployments. Collaborated with support team to assist client stakeholders with emergent technical issues and develop eﬀective solutions.
Summary
Skills
Experience
Worked closely with DevOps teams in order to design best practices for deploying applications into production environment. Created CI and CD pipelines with Jenkins and Docker to automate the build process of applications.
Maintained version control systems such as GitLab for all software development projects.
Performed security audits on systems regularly in order to identify potential threats.
Conﬁgured, managed, and monitored cloud-based services such as AWS EC2, S3, using Terraform and Ansible.
Institute of Commercial Management Ringwood BH24 3FA United Kingdom BBA in Marketing Research
07/2013
Education and Training
Contact this candidate