Name: Hema Latha
Email: ad2v7s@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 972-***-**** US Citizen
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Certified Salesforce.com Consultant with 10+ years of professional experience in the field of Information Technology including 7years of experience in Salesforce.com Platform, Force.com, CRM and APEX and 3 Years as a DevOps Engineer with experience of Configuration Management, Version Control and Build and Release Management of Software products and applications (ALM).
Extensively used Salesforce Lightning Design Systems (SLDS) components in the Lightning Application.
Develop solution architecture for end to end implementation on Service Cloud,Community Cloud and Sales Could.
Experience in the complete life cycle of project development (SDLC) including System Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Deployment and Maintenance.
Developed salesforce Lightning applications using Lightning Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components.
Proficiency in SFDC Administrative tasks like designing validation rules, custom objects, custom fields, role- based page layouts, workflow alerts & actions, pick lists, approval processes, record types, custom tabs, report extractions to various formats, and email generation according to application requirements.
Developed salesforce Aura applications using Aura Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components.
Extensive experience in SFDC development using Apex classes and Triggers, Visual Force, Force.com IDE, SOQL, SOSL, SOAP and REST Web services.
Creating Lightening web components and Original Aura component models.
Used lighting app builder for creating lighting record pages, app pages and home pages
Hands-on experience with development tools like Force.com Explorer and Data Loader.
Good Knowledge on SOQL and SOSL for Querying and Searching Data for Force.com platform.
Developed and configured various Dashboards, Custom Reports and Report Folders for different user profiles based on the need in the organization.
Proficient in implementing business flows using the Declarative framework via Workflow Rules and Approval Processes.
Expertise in performing data migration from legacy system to Salesforce.
Experience in Sales cloud, Service cloud,Cumunity cloud Partner portal and Customer portal.
Executed various levels of Unit, Integration, Regression and User Acceptance (UAT) using test cases to prove that system conform to specifications of business and quality requirements.
Strong knowledge of Salesforce configuration, data migration, system integration and familiarity with Visualforce (Pages, Components, Controllers and Apex (Classes, Controllers & Triggers).
Strong experience with Mule ESB (3.8.x), Mule API, Mule Anypoint Studio, and Mule Cloudhub and RAML.
Proficient in MuleSoft AnyPoint API platform on designing and implementing Mule APIs. Strong working knowledge on API Gateway.
Experience using GitHub as a source control repository.
Experience developing in an Agile software development environment (Scrum).
Expertise in MuleSoft AnyPoint API platform for designing and implementing Mule AP Name: Hema Latha
Email: ad2v7s@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 972-***-**** US Citizen
SKILL SET
Salesforce
Technologies
Certified 201, 401 developer, Salesforce CRM, Apex, Apex Triggers, Apex Classes/ Controllers, Visualforce Pages/Components, Apex Web Services, Workflow & Approvals, Case Management Custom Objects, Dashboards, Snapshots, SOQL, SOSL, LWC, AURA,MULE SOFT.
Web
Technologies
Visual Force, Java Script, HTML.
Salesforce tools Force.com API tools (Data Loader), Force.com Explorer, Force.com Migration Tool, Force.com Excel Connector, AppExchange
Data Base Oracle 8i/9i/10g/11g, DB2, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2012/2014, MS Access, MySQL, SAP.
Operating
System
Windows XP/2000, Windows NT.
Operating
Systems
Microsoft Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista/7 /2003/2008/2012, Languages APEX, PL/SQL, SQL, C, C++, Java, Perl, UNIX shell scripting, XSLT, XML and HTML. Data migration
Tools
Apex Data Loader, Custom Import wizard, Informatica On cloud, ETL Tool.Mulesoft CI/C Tools Bamboo, Jenkins, TFS, Team City,VSTS and GIT Hab Project
Management
MS Project 2000/2003, MS Visio.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Client: Korn Ferry, CA
Role: Salesforce Administrator and Developer
Duration: Oct 2022- Till Date
Korn Ferry is a management consulting firm headquartered in Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 1969 and as of 2019, operates in 111 offices in 53 countries and employs 8,198 people worldwide. Roles & Responsibilities:
• Experienced in full cycle implementations of SDLC such as design, configuration, custom development and Integration.
• Extensively used Salesforce Lightning Design Systems (SLDS) components in the Lightning Application.
• Worked on Sales, Service and Marketing Cloud.
• Extensively Worked in Community Cloud.
• Got Trained on CPQ and implemented some of them.
• Creating Lightening web components and Original Aura component model.
• Adding Lighting components to Lighting pages and Record pages. Name: Hema Latha
Email: ad2v7s@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 972-***-**** US Citizen
• Used lighting app builder for creating lighting record pages, app pages and home pages.
• Extensively used Salesforce Lightning Design Systems (SLDS) components in the Lightning Application.
• Used GitHub for Version Control, Jenkins to deploy Apex code. Client: US Army Military, VA(Federal)
Role: Salesforce Developer and Adminstrator
Duration: Nov 2021- OCT 2022
US Military parachuting is about delivering soldiers and supplies into action. It involves jumping out of a plane, waiting for the canopy to open automatically from a 'static line' attached to the aircraft, and then hoping the wind is blowing in the right direction. Currently, Army commandos operate the RA-1 Advanced Ram Air Parachute System, which has an operational ceiling of 25,000 feet. Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed salesforce Aura applications using Aura Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components
Extensively used Salesforce Lightning Design Systems (SLDS) components in the Lightning Application.
Experience Builder empowers admins to build communities, without code, using Lightning templates and components.
Experience Create Custom and Standered Lightning components are available in App Builder and developed pages.
Developed dynamic and personalized email campaigns using Exact Target (Java Script, HTML, CSS), prepared SQL queries for the Java-based platform tool to automate the generation of segmented data extensions, connected live-site email trigger and off-site email platform with ExactTarget using interactions, tested emails in to, monitored email performances and remediated operational issues.
Developed salesforce Lightning applications using Lightning Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components.
Extensive experience in SFDC development using Apex classes and Triggers, Visual Force, Force.com IDE, SOQL, SOSL, SOAP and REST Web services.
Develop Lightning web components, use the latest versions of JavaScript
Developed salesforce Aura applications using Aura Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components.
Used lighting app builder for creating lighting record pages, app pages and home pages. Client: U.S. Customs and Border Protection, VA (Federal) Role: Salesforce Developer and Mulesoft Data Analyst Duration: March 2021- Nov 2021
U.S. Customs and Border Protection -- United States Customs and Border Protection is the largest federal law enforcement agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security, and is the country's primary border control organization.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Name: Hema Latha
Email: ad2v7s@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 972-***-**** US Citizen
Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports.
Extensive experience in SFDC development using Apex classes and Triggers, Visual Force, Force.com IDE, SOQL, SOSL, SOAP and REST Web services.
Developed salesforce Lightning applications using Lightning Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components.
Work with management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment.
Use data to create models that depict trends in the customer base and the consumer population as a whole
Used Database Connectors to connect with respective systems using Mule ESB.
Integration of Mule ESB system while utilizing MQ Series, Http, File system and SFTP transports.
Involved in creating http inbound & outbound flows, transformers, filtering and Security of Mule Flows.
Created Mule Flow using End Point, Connector and Component bean using Mule ESB to communicate client/server systems.
Extensively used Salesforce Lightning Design Systems (SLDS) components in the Lightning Application.
Creating Lightening web components and Original Aura component models.
security wherever necessary in various Sand box instances.
Develop, maintain, create, and improve validation rules, custom workflows, Visualforce pages, Apex customizations, custom objects, fields, and formulas
Wrote SOQL and SOSL statements within custom controllers, extensions and triggers. Client: Hilltop Securities, TX
Role: Salesforce Administrator and Developer
Duration: Nov 2019- March 2021
Hilltop Holdings — With $15.7 billion in assets as of March 31, 2020, our parent company, Hilltop Holdings Inc., is a Texas-based diversified financial holding company specializing in banking, mortgage origination, and financial advisory through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Plains Capital Bank, Prime Lending, and Hilltop Securities Inc.
Roles & Responsibilities:
In-depth knowledge of Salesforce products and their functionalities.
Adding Lighting components to Lighting pages and Record pages.
Used lighting app builder for creating lighting record pages, app pages and home pages.
Proficiency in creating Salesforce profiles, allocating roles, and managing access.
Maintain and customize all aspects of the Salesforce platform including objects, fields, layouts, security, reporting, validation rules, workflows, data manipulation and migration
Develop solution architecture for end to end implementation on Service Cloud and Community Could.
Salesforce administration and configuration including: workflows, process builders, and custom objects.
Create and Customize Visualforce pages to enhance the functionality and display information from different objects.
Experienced in full cycle implementations of SDLC such as design, configuration, custom development and Integration.
Name: Hema Latha
Email: ad2v7s@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 972-***-**** US Citizen
Maintained and Managed Visibility and Created User roles, Security, Profiles with field level security wherever necessary in various Sand box instances.
Develop, maintain, create, and improve validation rules, custom workflows, Visualforce pages, Apex customizations, custom objects, fields, and formulas
Extensively used Salesforce Lightning Design Systems (SLDS) components in the Lightning Application.
Used GitHub for Version Control, Jenkins to deploy Apex code. Client: Oncor Dallas, TX
Role: Salesforce Administrator and Developer
Duration: April 2016- Nov 2019
Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC is a regulated electric transmission and distribution service provider that serves nearly 10 million customers across Texas. Using cutting edge technology, more than 4,000 employees work to safely maintain reliable electric delivery service with the largest distribution and transmission system in Texas.
Salesforce is used as a Customer Relationship and Deal Management system by Oncor to enable new approaches in how Communications and IT services are delivered and managed. So, organizations can operate more safely and efficiently including delivering more engaging customer experiences using Salesforce to record and maintain their client list and Client interactions. The project is to implement the Salesforce.com CRM application for Sales and Marketing. This application is developed for Sales, Marketing, Cummunity clould, and service cloould.Business Planning and Analysis Groups to manage their marketing spend process.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Implemented Marketing and Sales processes covering Campaign, Leads, Accounts, Contacts, Opportunities, Forecasting, Quotes, Pipeline management etc.
Implemented Web-to-Lead and Web-to-Case automation.
Written Test Classes to meet Unit testing before migrating from Sandbox to Production environment.
Created custom objects, custom VF page layouts, triggers, validation rules by using Apex as per Customer requirement
Used Change sets or Jenkins for deployment, once the Component merge has been done in Git and the source is ready, in to the other salesforce instance.
Created various reports (summary reports, matrix reports, dashboards) and setup report folders to authenticate users based on their profiles (permissions).
Developed salesforce Lightning applications using Lightning Components, Controllers and Events and used custom CSS in the components.
Worked with Salesforce sandbox simulator to run and test the Lightning Applications.
Wrote SOQL and SOSL statements within custom controllers, extensions and triggers.
Moved Code from Sandbox to Production using Jenkins and Change Sets.
Used GitHub for Version Control, Jenkins to deploy Apex code.
Implemented Salesforce.com web services client using Salesforce web services API.
Developed complex reports and dashboards using HTML, PDF, Apex, Visual force page and mail merge. Name: Hema Latha
Email: ad2v7s@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 972-***-**** US Citizen
Client: NEC Irving, TX
Role: DevOps Engineer
Duration: April 2012 – March 2016
NEC uses the power of the DevOps Tools to provide a full suite of complete CICD Integration. NEC has forged strong relationships with clients by offering user-friendly, high quality products. NEC services include Market, portfolio trackers report and products. The project is all about integrating with the NEC data server. NEC acts as a mediator between clients and the NEC server. In short, the design and development efforts being put in should all aim to keep both client system and server synchronized. Roles & Responsibilities:
Created Release Management Configure apps and Configure Paths.
Managing Cloud Infra for Azure and AWS using ARM templates and Cloud Formation Templates.
Developed and Implemented Software Release Management strategies for according the agile process.
Expert-level knowledge of Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Simple DB, Amazon RDS, Amazon
Elastic Load Balancing, Amazon SQS, and other services of the AWS family
Using Multiple Build Tools like Bamboo, Jenkins, Team City .
Migrated from TFS 2013 to 2015 (Moving TPC, Splitting TPC and configuring backup and recovery)
Customized Bug, Task, Issue, User Story work item templates, created rules in the work item templates.
Customized Process Templates, Build Templates and Work Item templates.
Created auto build all the modules and auto deployments.
Implemented Branching and Merging concepts TFS2013 and GIT.
Assisted Development and QA teams branching and merging activities in TFS and GI.
Experience developing scripts to automate deployment to physical and virtual environments.
Implemented strict authentication and access controls to your instances in AWS.
Expert in CI/CD tools and Devops principles as they related to cloud computing (AWS).
Expert in AWS provisioning and deep knowledge of AWS service like EC2,S3,,ELB,EBS,ECS Education:
• Bachelor’s in commerce (1994)
St. Theresa, Andhra University, INDIA.
• Master’s in Commerce (1996)
DNR College, Andhra University, INDIA.
Certifications:
• Salesforce Certified Platform Developer I
• Salesforce.com Certified Force.com Developer and Administrator.
Contact this candidate