Fatoumata Sangare
Address: Aurora Colorado Phone: 720-***-**** Email: ad303k@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn
DevOps Engineer Automation CI/CD Pipeline Docker AWS Cloud Agile Jenkins Ansible
SUMMARY:
Results-oriented and highly skilled DevOps Engineer with 3+ years of hands-on experience in designing, implementing, and optimizing robust, scalable, and automated IT infrastructures. Adept at leveraging a comprehensive understanding of DevOps methodologies, cloud technologies, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines to streamline development workflows and enhance organizational efficiency. Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams, automate repetitive tasks, and ensure seamless integration between development and operations. Seeking an opportunity to contribute my expertise in DevOps, infrastructure as code (IaC), and cloud solutions to drive innovation and excellence within a dynamic organization.
SKILLS:
●Operating Systems: Unix/Linux, RedHat CentOs, Ubuntu, Debian
●Version Control Tools: GitHub
●Devops tools: Jenkins, Maven, Ansible Git, SonarQube,
●Scripting Language: Bash Scripting, Terraform
●Containerization Tools: Docker, kubernetes
●Web Technology: Apache, /Application Servers
●Users and groups management (AWS) Networking/Protocols: HTTP Server, DNS, TCP/UDP
●Cloud Platform: AWS
●AWS Cloud Services (EC2, VPC, S3, EBS, ELB, CloudWatch, RDS, SNS, SQS, IAM, PostgreSQL, EFS, Cloudfront, Route 53, Lambda)
● Good verbal and written communication skills, teamwork, Collaboration, Creative Thinking & Attention to Details
●Planner & Researcher, Adaptability, Flexibility
●Time Management, 24/7 Availability
CORE COMPETENCIES:
●Managed infrastructure configurations with tools such as Terraform, resulting in a noticeable decrease in deployment errors.
●Spearheaded the implementation of CI/CD pipelines to reduce deployment times, enabling faster time-to-market for critical applications.
●Developed custom scripts, increasing operational efficiency and reducing manual errors.
●Experience with networking such as load balancers, and firewalls.
●Implemented continuous integration and delivery pipeline using Jenkins, GitHub, Docker and Kubernetes clusters.
●Collaborated with developers to build their development pipeline and deploy code to environments while maintaining SDLC, agile and by extension devops methodologies.
WORK EXPERIENCE:
DevOps engineer June 2020 - Present
Data group service
Key Responsibilities:
●Managing and optimizing cloud environments (AWS) to guarantee high availability, scalability, and cost-effectiveness, leveraging services like EC2, S3, VPC, and IAM.
●Proficient in network protocols, routing, and LAN/WAN configurations.
●Demonstrated expertise in cloud computing, encompassing Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Software as a Service (SaaS), and related paradigms.
●Implemented Prometheus and Grafana for comprehensive system monitoring, enabling proactive issue resolution and improving system reliability.
●Experience with config/provisioning tools like Ansible in production environments with many nodes.

Linux System Administrator
Data group service Jan 2018 - June 2020
Key Responsibilities:
●Knowledge of Amazon Web Services: EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, VPC, IAM, CloudFormation, Route 53, SNS, SQS, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Kinesis, EMR, Glue, Aurora, Redshift, Elastic Beanstalk, ECS, EKS.
●Conducted regular system maintenance, including backups, updates, and disaster recovery tests, ensuring system integrity.
●Install, configure, update and troubleshoot services for customers such as OS level concerns, web server, database server and applications server, includes Apache, NoSQL, MySQL,, SSH and DNS.
●Conducted regular security audits and applied patches to maintain a secure server environment.
●Conducted regular backup tests, ensuring data integrity.
●Experience with managing systems hosted in VMware or AWS hosting infrastructures, shell scripting tools and languages for task automation, and the integration of Linux with Active Directory.

Qualified medication admin person/nurse aid May 2014 - to April 2018
haven of care assisted living
key Responsibilities
● Responsible for passing residents medication according to Doctor’s order
● Responsible for the narcotics during my shift and keeping a strong record of them.
● Monitor vital signs of residents, Report any changes in resident’s physical, mental or emotional health to the Nurse
●Pursuing continuous education thru relias training platform.
●Maintaining a good and pleasant relationship between coworkers.

LANGUAGE:
●English: advanced

●French: fluent
REFERENCE:
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate