Sonia Pitchai Pandian
DevOps Engineer
Cary, NC, USA ad33zx@r.postjobfree.com> +1-919-***-****
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sonia-pitchai-pandian-85b80243/

Professional Summary:
Overall 2+ years of experience as DevOps Engineer with sound knowledge of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in Agile, Scrum and Waterfall methodologies and a high focus on infrastructure security and Kubernetes cloud services. Experience with Configuration Management tools like Ansible, Continuous Integration, and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) tools such as, Jenkins, Containerization Solutions, Docker, and Kubernetes.

●Experienced in all the phases of the software development life – cycle (SDLC) with a specific focus on the build and release of the quality software. Experienced in waterfall, Agile, Scrum and most recently Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) practices.
●Hands-on experience in creating Docker images using Docker File, worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images, and managing Docker volumes and implemented Docker automation solution for CI/CD model
●Worked on using version control tools like GIT, GitHub.
●Worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments.
●Skilled with Python, Bash/Shell, PowerShell, JSON, YAML.
●Good understanding of Serverless Computing in cloud environment: Functions, providing app teams with level of abstraction minimizing infrastructure management,
●Excellent experience in documenting and automating the build and release process.
●Good experience in automating CI and CD pipelines.
●Proficient with Postgres, MS SQL.
●Good analytical, problem solving, communication skills and can work either independently with little or no supervision or as a member of a team.
●Quick learning capability, delivering solutions as an individual and a good team player.

Technical Skills/Tools:
Kubernetes,Docker, Docker swarm, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, GIT and GitHub,Jenkins, YAML, JSON,
JavaScript,Python (Programming Language), Problem Solving, Analytical Skills, Communication .
Education:
Master of Engineering - MEng, Computer and Communication, Anna University.
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Information Technology, Anna University.

Certifications:

●Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)
●Docker Certified Associate(DCA) - expires on April 27, 2025
Professional Experience:

Feb 2016 – Mar 2018: DevOps Engineer, TITO IT Solutions and Services

TITO provides innovative solutions that redefine e-commerce & specialize in building exceptional websites, both static and dynamic, tailored to enhance the online presence.
As Devops Engineer,
Handled seamlessly integrated with Heroku Pipelines to complete Heroku Flow as part of CI/CD continuous integration/continuous delivery.Was responsible for building, running and installing the applications.
Used a microservices architecture to break down the application into smaller, more manageable components to scale each component independently, as needed.
Monitoring Application performance on resource usage, such as memory and CPU utilization, in Heroku Dashboard. Creating and managing custom domains.
Experienced in working with Heroku pipeline to manage the development, staging and production environments.
Coordinate and assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, merging conventions using GIT source control.
Hands on in installing, configuring, and administering Jenkins CI tools on Linux machines and using Jenkins Pipelines to deploy resources.
Hands-on experience in creating Docker images and stored in the Docker containers and uploaded to the Docker hub.
Created Dockerfile for various applications, managed docker images.
Experience in writing and using Docker files to build the Docker images from the Java jar files.
Hands on Administration of Kubernetes and its resources.
Hands on kubernetes to orchestrate the deployments, scaling and management of Docker containers.Implemented Kubernetes template YAML files, Created and Managed Kubernetes objects like Deployments, Services, Pods in AWS EKS.
Experienced in cloud technologies, containerization, and configuration management.
Managed Kubernetes clusters, optimizing resource allocation and enhancing application scalability. Creating a private cloud using Kubernetes that supports DEV, TEST, and PROD environments.Proficient in designing, implementing, and maintaining CI/CD pipelines, automating infrastructure provisioning, and ensuring system reliability.
Flexible and versatile to adapt to any new environment and work on any project.
Contact this candidate