Priya
Sr. Aws DevOps Engineer
+1-586-***-****
ad35pn@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Overall, 8+ years of extensive experience in Automating, configuring, and deploying instances on cloud environments and Data centers and mostly involved in the areas of DevOps, CI/CD pipelines, Build and release management, AWS/Azure and Linux/Windows Administration.
Experienced in running web scale services on Amazon web services (AWS).
Experienced in creating AWS IAM and security Group in public and private subnets in VPC. created AWS route53 to route traffic between different regions.
Designed highly available, cost effective and fault tolerant systems using multiple EC2 instances, Auto scaling, Elastic Load balance and AMIs and Glacier for QA and UAT environments.
Setting up data in AWS using s3 bucket and configuring instance backups to s3 buckets.
Deploy and monitor scalable infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Expertise in Azure Development worked on Azure web application, App services, Azure storage, Azure SQL Database, Virtual Machines, Fabric controller, Azure AD, Azure search and Notification hub.
Created Scripts for system administration using Languages such as Shell and Python. Also developed and maintained shell scripts for build and release, ELK, NAGIOS, CLOUDWATCH tasks.
Experience in writing Terraform scripts for AWS Infrastructure.
Well Versed with Ansible Playbooks, modules, and roles.
Design and implement scalable enterprise monitoring systems by applying continuous integration/delivery concepts. Perform maintenance and troubleshooting of our enterprise red hat OpenShift Systems. Work to continuously Improve speed efficiency and scalability of OpenShift systems. Work to continuously improve speed, efficiency, and scalability of OpenShift systems.
Experience in writing Ansible Scripts and heavy Shell, Perl, Python, and YAML scripting.
Experience in writing Ansible playbooks to set up continuous Delivery pipeline. The primarily consists of a Jenkins and sonar server, the infrastructure to run these packages and various supporting software components such as Maven, etc.
Worked on DevOps Methodologies and cloud infrastructure automation tools like AWS, Chef by using Terraform.
Implemented Ansible to manage all existing servers and automate the build/configuration of new servers.
Development and version control of Chef Cookbooks, testing of Cookbooks using Food critic and Test kitchen and running recipes on nodes managed by on Premise Chef Server.
Well versed with many different concepts of Chef Like Roles, Environment, Data Bags, Knife, Chef Server Admin/Organizations.
Well versed in developing bash shell scripts, Python, ruby on Rails and creating recipes in Chef Cookbooks.
Experience writing shell scripts and Ruby scripts to automate the deployments.
Extensively worked on Jenkins for Continuous Integration and for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments.
Integration, configuring and administering Jenkins CI tool on Linux machines and built continuous Integration and Continuous delivery environment. Setup Docker on Linux and configured Jenkins to run under Docker host.
Experience with Docker container service and Dockized applications by creating Docker images from Docker files.
Building/Maintaining Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes Linux, Bash, GIT.
Primary duties include coming up with combinations of Automation/Tools and Processes to achieve Continuous Delivery/Continuous Integration for various applications by integrating various tools like Jenkins, Git, Chef, Maven
Extensively worked on configuration Management and source code repository management using tools like GIT
Integration, deployment and automation of application servers Tomcat, WebLogic across Linux platforms.
Experience in software build tools like Maven, Gradle, Apache Ant to write POM, build scripts etc.
Experience of the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Methodologies & validations to ensure Quality Assurance Control.
Have worked with Multiple teams like Development, QA, DB and Middleware administrators in automating various tasks.
Experience in Virtualization technologies VMware, Virtual box, Vagrant for creating virtual machines and provisioning environments.
Designed, Architected, and implemented the platform as a service built for muti-tenant platform within the Hybrid cloud infrastructure within AWS and GCP.
Experienced in Installing, configuring, supporting and troubleshooting UNIX/Linux Networking services and protocols like NIS, NIS+, LDAP, DNS, NFS, DHCP, NAS, FTP,SSH and SAMBA.
Good knowledge in Administration of Production, Development and Test environments carrying different operating system platforms like Windows, Red HAT Linux.
Experienced in maintaining networks via TCP/IP to enhance security and allow businesses to offer managed Wireless Hotspot services.
Good interaction with developers, managers, and team members to coordinate job tasks and strong commitment to work.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Integration & Configuration Management tools
Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson, Ant, Maven, Chef, Ansible
Version Control Tool
Git, GitHub, Bit Bucket
Cloud Environment
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure, OpenStack, Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Tools
CHEF, JENKINS, MAVEN, GIT, GITHUB, NEXUS, NAGIOS, DOCKER, ANSIBLE, SPLUNK.
AWS Services
EC2, ELB, VPC, RDS, AMI, IAM, Cloud formation, S3, Cloud
Operating Systems
Red Hat Linux 4/5/6/7, CentOS, Fedora, SUSE LINUX, UNIX, Windows servers [2008, 2008 R2, 2012] Windows, Ubuntu, Sun Solaris, HPUX 10.x/11.x
Networking/Protocol
FTP/SFTP, SMTP, TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, NDS, DHCP, NFS, Cisco Routers, Juniper Routers
Scripting Languages
Yaml, Python, ruby, shell, power, shell, J son
Web/Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Web Logic 9, WebSphere, Apache 2.0.x, and ngnix, IIS
Database Technologies
SQL Server, MySQL, RDS, MongoDB, Cassandra DB, DynamoDB
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, J Query, Java Script, XML, JSON
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, Elastic Search, Log stash and Kibana (ELK), Cloud Watch, Cloud Trial, Dynatrace, LINT
Application Servers
Web Logic Application Server 9, 10, Apache Tomcat 5/7, Red Hat JBOSS,

BUSINESS EXPERIENCE:
VMware Inc, Palo Alto, CA Sep2020-Present
Sr.DevOps Cloud Engineer

Build CI/CD processes in Jenkins and utilized ELASTIC CONTAINER SERVICES for standardizing build processes.
Worked with Amazon AWS Cloud which includes services: EC2, VPC, RDS, Glue, Route 53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, IAM, Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, ELB, EBS, Lambda, and Incident Management.
Experience with release management via traditional Jenkins and Runway-ci Jenkins environment.
Automated the entire infrastructure as a code for the AWS using terraform and made them reusable templates.
Worked with AWS based APIs to automate the health checks and alerting Thresholds.
Worked with backend team and was responsible for configuring backend services on multiple new regions.
Written Configuration files for reverse proxy handling and load balancing using YAML in ansible playbooks.
Demonstrated how Ansible along with Ansible Tower can be used to automate different software development processes all over the organization. Deployed the java application into web application servers like Apache, Tomcat.
Used Ansible to manage web applications, environments configuration files, users, file systems and packages.
Worked with incident management teams to resolve java-based applications and incident management.
Experience working with AWS/RedHat OpenShift Infrastructure design, deployment, and operational support.
Written deployments using Helm charts in Kubernetes for BASE monolith application, Backend infrastructure, Reverse proxy, Gov cloud, IL6 and Impact level 6 applications.
Worked with dockerized applications and Kubernetes deployments via helm charts.
Provisioned infrastructure as code for newly onboarding regions in Hongkong, Cape town, Osaka, Hyderabad, Seoul, UAE, Frankfurt, Ireland, Bahrain, and South America for Backend project.
Strong trouble shooting experience in java-based automation related applications.
written automation scripts in python for automating the OAUTH services.
Experience with configuring jump boxes, troubleshooting service router issues and Database related issues on cloud infrastructure.
Update Jenkins pipeline and OpenShift templates to make use of the new environment.
Troubleshooting experience for AWS EC2, S3, RDS, EKS and SQL server related issues.
Strong Linux administration skills for configuration management and troubleshooting.
Experience with writing infrastructure scripts in terraform.
Extensively worked on Terraform modules that had version conflicts to utilize cloud formation during Terraform Deployments to enable more control or missing capabilities.
Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of applications across multiple cloud providers.
Strong Ability to write automation scripts in python.
My expertise lies in trouble shooting Kubernetes related environments and containers most of the time.
Developed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, CloudFormation Stacks, EC2 instances, ELB, Security Groups.
Worked on OpenShift platform in managing Docker containers and Kubernetes clusters and created Kubernetes cluster using ansible playbooks (launch-instant deploy-docker.yml, deploy-kubernetes.yml on Ex scale.
Managed OpenShift master, nodes with upgrades, decommission them from active participants by evacuating the nodes and upgrading them. Installation and configuration of operating systems such as Linux. AWS and virtualization experts for field deployment for various customers.
Maintained and Administered GIT Source Code Tool.
Created Branches, Labels and performed Merges in Stash and GIT.
Used GitLab to monitor and analyze the performance and health of EKS clusters.
Used GitLab to implement security best practices for EKS deployments, such as least privilege access and role-based access control.
Designed, implemented, and managed software-Defined Data center (SDDC) infrastructure using VMware technologies, including vSphere, NSX and vSAN.
Deployed and configured virtualized computer resources, leveraging VMware vSphere, to support the creation and management of Virtual Machines in the SDDC env.
Implemented SDN (software Defined Network) using VMware vSAN, created shared storage pool across a cluster of servers for efficient and scalable storage management with the SDDC.
Contribute to Identifying industry best practices/solutions and pursue continuous improvement opportunities in SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) processes and practices, relentlessly drive for standardization, automation, and self-services. Work with large scale, customer facing, global solutions. Working on most of the SDLC tools, and Configuration Management tools.
Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options through adaptations and modifications of standard technical principles to implement feasible solutions.
Good experience in maintaining hybrid IT environment configuration, vulnerability patching, CI/CD using Chef-Cookbooks and dockizing an application.
Implemented Cluster services using Docker and Kubernetes.
Designing Chef-base roles and cookbooks to apply them and maintain the nodes/servers (Dev, Stg and Prod).
Performed 12-hour on call on a Monthly basis for platform, backend teams, customer issue.
Monitored and responded to critical incidents using PagerDuty, ensuring swift incident resolution and minimizing downtime.
Configured and customized PagerDuty to suit the Organization’s incident management needs, including creating notification rules and setting up automated workflow.
Design and implementation of Kubernetes infrastructure to onboard various microservices with HA in Azure.
Hardening of Kubernetes PODS, Nodes, Containers, EnsutingTiller security.
Used JFrog as the central artifact repository, and used Team pass as Password Manager
Successfully renewed Ingress Certificates for a high volume of URL’s ensuring continuous service availability and preventing any disruption due to expired certificates.
Implemented an automated monitoring alert to track certificate expiration dates and send timely renewal reminders, significantly improving the overall certificate management process.
Able to quickly learn new technologies to support existing products as well as products on strategic road maps.

Environment: Chef, CI/CD, Docker, Jenkins, Runway-ci, VMware cloud, AWS, Terraform, VPC, S3, EC2, ELB, Route53, ECS, EKS, Kubernetes, PagerDuty, LINT, LOGZ

BlueCross Blue Shield, Chicago June 2019-Aug 2020
Sr.DevOps Cloud Engineer

Configured a virtual data center in the Amazon web services cloud to support Enterprise data warehouse hosting including virtual private cloud (VPC), Public and Private subnets, Security Groups, Route Table, Elastic Load Balancer.
Leveraged Aws cloud services such as EC2, Autoscaling and VPC to build secure, highly scalable, highly available and flexible systems that can handle expected and unexpected load bursts.
Created AWS cloud formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT instances to ensure successful deployment of web applications and data base templates.
Created Python scripts to totally automate AWS Services which includes ELB, cloud Front distribution, database, EC2 and database security, S3 bucket and application configuration, this script creates stacks, single servers or join web servers or join web servers to stacks.
Experience with container systems like Docker and container orchestration like Kubernetes and OpenShift.
Worked on container-based deployments using Docker and clustering them within OpenShift.
Managing the OpenShift cluster that included scaling up and down the app nodes.
Utilize AWS CLI to automate backups of ephemeral data-stores to s3buckets, EBS and create nightly AMI’s for mission critical production servers as backups.
Worked on managing Open stack infrastructure upgrades, expansion, scaling and troubleshooting on the most challenging, complex environments.
Worked on DevOps methodologies and cloud infrastructure automation tools like AWS by using Terraform.
Experience in setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Involved in using Terraform migrate legacy and monolithic systems to AWS.
Provisioned the highly available EC2 Instances using Terraform and cloud formation and wrote new plugins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Used Bash and Python included Boto3 to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMI’s and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
Expertise in writing new plugins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Replaced the use of CloudFormation with Terraform to not be fully locked into a single cloud provider.
Worked with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code, Execution plans,Resource Graphs, Change Automation
Used Terraform scripts to Automate Instances for Manual Instances that were launched before.
Involved in Architect, Build and maintain Highly Available secure multi-zone AWS cloud infrastructure utilizing Chef with AWS cloud formation and the Jenkins & Hudson for CI.
Monitored and managed the cloud infrastructure with AWS and GCP infrastructure. Configured the AWS DNS to route the traffic between AWS and GCP configured each tenant on the platform.
Worked on creating Terraform Modules for re-usage of code.
Did technical root cause analysis for high-priority IIS issues, worked on IIS Webserver Administration and Configuration Versions 6 and higher and installation, administration, and optimization of enterprise MY SQL server Database.
Implemented password rotation for our project in Using Python Scripts.
Governing K8’s deployments using ADO, Octopus Deploy.
Identified and resolved network outages and performance issues, minimizing downtime and service disruptions.
Architecting high available, auto scalable platforms in AWS cloud on windows & Linux, Designing databases high availability solutions on MY SQL Server and MY SQL Server multi-AZ RDS.
Responsible for creating AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) groups and Users for improved login authentication and providing security Group in Both Public and Private subnets in VPC.
Experienced in Branching, labeling, and analyzing and resolving conflicts related to Merging of source code in GIT and implemented a CI and Delivery Pipeline using Docker, Jenkins and GIT and used Jenkins pipeline plugin to analyze the Maven dependencies and the SCM changes.
Configured servers to host Team Foundation Server (TFS) instance to setup and manage CI using Team Foundation (TF) Build Service.
Advanced Networking abilities such as Outbound SNAT via Public Load Balancer (for a VNET), custom route (Via route tables) handling, service chaining, VNET Peering was configured and/or enabled.
Setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins and Used HCL scripts for writing terraform scripts.
Focused on Containerization and immutable infrastructure, Docker has been core to this experience, along with Mesos, Marathon and Kubernetes.
Experienced in Troubleshooting, Splunk search, Quotas, monitor Inputs, WMI issues, Splunk crash logs and Alert scripts.
Involved in using Terraform migrate legacy and monolithic systems to AWS.
Configured Automation using Ansible and Docker Containers.
Used Ansible Tower as Configuration Management Nodes and Manage Inventory for different Environments.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python SSH as the wrapper to manage the configuration of AWS nodes and test playbooks on AWS instance using Python. Ran Ansible scripts to provision Dev Servers.
Utilized Jira for Bug Tracking, Nagios & Graphite for system monitoring, cloud watch and cloud Trail for monitoring the cloud environment.
Involved in Maintaining, troubleshooting, and administering VMware and cloud storage environments.

Environment: AWS (EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, RDS, Cloud Trail and Route 53), VDI, Linux, Ansible, Git version Control, VPC, AWS EC2, S3, Route53, EBS, IAM, ELB, Cloud watch, Cloud Trial, Cloud Formation, AWS CLI, AWS Auto Scaling, Maven, Jira, Nagios, Subversion, Jenkins, Chef, Ansible, Mesos, Docker, Kubernetes, Python, Ruby.

Anthem Inc, Norfolk, VA May 2017-May 2019
Aws/DevOps Engineer
Build expertise in Workflow for AWS including Security Groups, IAM, EC2, S3, ELB, EBS, policy, VPC, Docker, Kubernetes, Cloud Formation,Chef, Jenkins vagrant, Apache,Tomcat,Git and GitHub.
Designing and deploying a multitude of applications utilizing almost all the AWS stack (including EC2, Route 53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, IAM) focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto scaling in AWS cloud formation, code Deploy, EBS and OPS Works.
Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, creating security groups, auto-scaling load balance (ELBs) in the defined virtual private connection and open stack to provision new machines for clients.
Implemented rapid-provisioning and life-cycle management for ubuntu Linux using Amazon EC2, chef and custom Ruby/Bash script.
Installed and managed Kubernetes applications using helm.
Experience in creating Docker containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI’s in addition to creating Docker containers from scratch.
Working on DevOps platform and have gained experience in specialized areas related to chef for cloud Automation.
Experience in automation of configuration of hosting environments including database administration and scalability an application and support load changes by using ansible and chef.
Demonstrated on Ansible along with Ansible Towe can be used to automate different software development processes all over the team organization.
Involved in setting up the architecture of proposed environments with all the CI/CD tools.
Built continuous Integration and continuous delivery environments in Jenkins.
Built end to end CI/CD pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
Used Jenkins to automate everyday builds, testing and deployed in antifactory and tomcat servers.
Worked with build pipeline set up for CI/CD using Jenkins Enterprise editions and uDeploy to orchestra changes across servers and components.
Built scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to another environment.
Defined branching, labeling, and merge strategies for all applications in Git.
Collaborate in the automation of AWS infrastructure via terraform and Jenkins-software and services configuration via Chef Cookbooks.
Configured and managed source code using Git and resolved code merging conflicts in collaboration with applications developers provided consistent environment.
Responsible for merging, tagging and conflict resolution in GIT.
Played a key role during analyzing, preparing technical and functional design specification documents as per the Requirements, Architecture, Development and Maintenance of high traffic application built in Java/J2EE.
Configuring and Networking of virtual Private cloud (VPC) written cloud formation templates and deployed AWS resources using it.
Extensive working experience in an agile environment and have a full understanding of SDLC and process.

Environment: GIT, Jenkins, Chef, Ansible, Lambda, AWS EC2, AWS S3 and RDS, Beanstalk, AWS ELB, SQS, Cloud Watch and Route 53, ANT, MAVEN, Shell(bash), TFS, uDeploy, Nagios, Apache Tomcat Application Server, Docker.

CHRMIS, Pleasanton, California Sep 2015- Dec 2016
DevOps/AWS Engineer
Involved in designing and deploying multitude applications utilizing almost all the AWS stack (including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS,Dynamo DB,SNS,SQS,IAM) focusing on high-availability,fault tolerance and auto-scaling in AWS Cloud Formation.
Automated Regular AWS tasks like Snapshots creating using Python scripts.
Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS,creating security groups, auto-scaling load balancers (EBSs) in the defined virtual private connection.
Managed virtual servers (Ubuntu, Linux and windows) on AWS EC2 using open-source chef server.
Deployed and monitored scalable infrastructure on AWS & configuration management using Chef.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, python, Ruby and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache and IIS.
Created Python scripts to totally automate AWS services which includes web servers, ELB, Cloud front distribution, Database, EC2 and database security groups, S3 bucket and application configuration this script created stacks, single servers,or joins web servers to stacks
Developed GIT hooks for the local repository, code commit and remote repository, code push functionality and worked on GitHub.
Involved in migrating SQL Server databases to SQL Azure Database using SQL Azure Migration Wizard and used Python API to upload agent logs into Azure blob storage.
Worked with AWS Code Pipeline and creating cloud formation JSON templates which are converted to Terraform for infrastructure as code.
Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of applications across multiple cloud providers.
Deployed J2EE applications to Application servers in an agile continuous integration environment and automated the whole process. Build scripts using Ant and Maven build tools in Jenkins, Sonar to move from one environment to other environments.
Utilized Jenkins for enterprise scale infrastructure configuration and application deployments - checking out code from Git and use Ant/Maven to build War/Ear artifacts.
Managed Maven project dependencies by creating parent-child relationships between projects.
Developed multiple Chef Cookbooks from scratch. Implemented automation with Vagrant, Chef on AWS for application testing, deployment, and development. Prepared documentation describing the configuration state of each item that was under CM control.
Deployed web applications using Chef by developing the Cookbook. Also, responsible for creating and importing all the environments required to run the project.
Installed Workstation, Bootstrapped Nodes, Wrote Recipes and Cookbooks and uploaded them to Chef-server, Managed On-site OS/Applications/Services/ Packages using Chef as well as AWS for EC2/S3&ELB with Chef Cookbooks.
Used Chef for managing server application servers such as Apache, MySQL, Tomcat.
Worked on Docker Hub, creating Docker images and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configuration.
Created Linux containers in CoreOS and Docker and Automated system using Chef.
Virtualized the servers using the Docker for the test environments and dev-environments needs. And configuration automation using Docker containers.
Collaborated with development and Support teams to set up a Continuous Delivery environment with the use of Docker, continuous build, and Delivery tools.
Written Chef Cookbooks for various DB configurations to modularize and optimize product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes and AWS server provisioning using Chef Recipes.
Used knife command-line to provide an interface between a local Chef-repo and the Chef server.
Implemented Chef Cookbooks for OS component configuration to keep AWS server’s template minimal and written recipes and cookbooks for configuring server side through Chef.
Used Nagios, Splunk, and New Relic tool for Monitoring.
Strong in building Object Oriented applications using Java, writing Shell Scripts on UNIX.
Solid understanding of Project Life Cycle Management and strong experience of working of AGILE Methodologies. Good understanding of Agile Tools Rally, tracking status and setting up velocities for the projects.

Environment: Ubuntu, Linux, Jenkins, Mesos, Chef, Ansible, GIT, AWS, Docker, Bash, Shell, Tomcat and Apache, Vagrant, Gradle

GENOMIX PRIVATE LIMITED, Hyderabad Jan 2015-Aug 2015
Build/Release Engineer

Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the agile process.
Utilized Configuration Management Tool Chef & created Chef Cookbooks using recipes to automate system operations.
Solid understanding of Linux shell and Perl scripting, UNIX, Windows, build and release engineering principles.
Involved in writing pom files to establish the code quality tools integration.
Experienced in authoring pom.xml files, performing releases with the Maven release plugin, Maven initialization of Java projects and managing Maven repositories.
Used scripting languages like Python, Ruby, Perl, Bash and PowerShell for configuration.
Releasing code to testing regions or staging areas according to the schedule published.
Implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, in multiple environments.
Implemented Release schedules, communicated the Release status, created Roll Out Plans, tracked the Project Milestones, prepared the reports and chaired the Release calls and worked for a successful Release of Jira Application.
Worked on Tomcat, JBOSS, WebLogic and WebSphere Application servers for deployments.
Used JIRA to track issues and Change Management.
User, Group creation, monitoring and maintaining log for system status/health using Linux commands and Nagios system monitor.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures.
Used both GIT and BIT bucket source control systems to manage code.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control.
Understanding of developing and testing enterprise products, with current focus on cloud-based application and giving solution to challenges imposed by multi data center deployed SaaS products and their needs for DevOps tools and automation.

Environment: GIT, Jenkins, Maven, Nexus, Chef, WebLogic, TOMCAT, Python Scripts, Perl Scripts, Ruby Scripts, XML, Unix, JIRA

VET INDIA, Hyderabad May2014-Dec 2014
Linux Administrator
Managed and administrated all UNIX servers, includes Linux operating systems by applying relative patches and packages at regular maintenance periods using Red Hat Satellite server, YUM, RPM tools.
Planned and performed the upgrades to Linux RHEL 5x, 6x, SUSE, CENTOS 5, operating systems, and hardware maintenance like changing memory modules, replacing disk drives.
Handling NFS, Auto Mount, DNS, LDAP related issues.
Monitoring CPU, memory, physical disk, Hardware, and Software RAID, multipath, file systems, network using the tools NAGIOS 4.0 monitoring.
Performing failover and integrity test on new servers before rolling out to production.
Deployment and Configuration of application server Tomcat deploying Java and Web Application.
Writing Shell scripts for automation of daily tasks, documenting the changes that happen in the environment and in each server, analyzing the error logs, analyzing the User logs, analyzing the /var/log/messages.
Planned, scheduled and Implemented OS patches on Linux boxes as a part of proactive maintenance.
Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve problems with the OS build failures.
Installation, configuration, and customization of services Send mail, Apache, FTP servers to meet the user needs and requirements.
Environment: Red Hat Linux, Autosys, CentOS, VMware vSphere, VMware, GIT, Shell Scripting, MySQL, Tomcat, Nagios.
Contact this candidate