Todd Vito Burggraf
Belmont, CA (nearby ,)
415-***-****
ad36wm@r.postjobfree.com
CI/CD Pipeline Implementation:
Designed, implemented, and managed CI/CD pipelines for automated build, test, and deployment processes. Demonstrated hands-on experience in optimizing application performance and scalability in collaboration with development teams.
Infrastructure Provisioning and Management:
Successfully provisioned, configured, and maintained infrastructure, including servers, networks, and cloud services.
Automated the provisioning and configuration of AWS services using infrastructure-as-code (IaC) tools such as Terraform.
Containerization and Orchestration:
Implemented and managed containerization technologies like Docker and orchestration platforms such as Podman and Kubernetes.
Monitoring and Security:
Monitored system performance, application metrics, and logs using monitoring tools like Grafana, Loki, and CloudWatch.
Collaborated with the security team to implement security best practices and compliance measures throughout the software development lifecycle.
Backup and Disaster Recovery:
Designed and implemented backup and disaster recovery solutions for data stored on AWS using services like Amazon S3 versioning, Amazon RDS automated backups, and other mechanisms. AWS and Cloud Services:
Got 5 years of hands-on experience with various AWS services relevant to microservices, microfrontend, data management, and analytics, including but not limited to Amazon S3, Amazon RDS and Amazon EMR. Worked extensively with AWS CloudFormation for provisioning and managing AWS resources in a repeatable and automated manner.
DevOps and Automation Tools:
Proven experience as a DevOps Engineer in a Software Development organization. 5 years of experience automating infrastructure using Terraform or CloudFormation on AWS. Demonstrated expertise in designing and implementing CI/CD pipelines, version control systems (e.g., Gitlab), and automation tools (e.g., ArgoCD, Jenkins).
Data Governance and Microservices:
Knowledge of data governance principles and practices, managing data quality, lineage, metadata, and compliance using tools like AWS.
Worked with Data platform, Microservices, and Micro frontend technology for over 5 years. June 2018 through October 2023
SiFive San Mateo/Santa Clara, CA Senior Staff Systems Engineer / Devops Engineer
● Architected and deployed services like Vault, FreeIPA, Netbox, Artifactory, Satellite server and Infoblox DDI
● Manage High Performance Compute cluster and SLURM resource manager
● Manage AWS ec2, lambda, cloudwatch, EBS and S3 storage using Terraform
● Storage architecture with Netapp and Amazon FSx and ZFS filesystems
● Centrally managed configurations through Github and Ansible/SaltStack a.k.a Infrastructure as Code
● Logging and monitoring tools management with Grafana, Prometheus/Influx, Elastic and LogicMonitor stacks
● RabbitMQ, MySQL, PostgreSQL and InfluxDB management
● Implemented and managed Vcenter vSphere 8 Enterprise VMs and Veeam backups, Docker and Podman containers
● RHEL, Rocky and Ubuntu Linux imaging and management
● Mentor four mid and junior systems engineers
● Participated in ISO certification and audits, system and container security scanning February 2011 through May 2018
WalmartLabs Sunnyvale & San Bruno, CA Senior Systems / DevOps Engineer walmartlabs.com
● Designed and built self-service tools for end users and customers – A huge internal software repository and kickstart tools
● Architect of orchestration process using Ansible playbooks, modules and methods for end-to-end deployment process, Leveraged RESTful API calls to various endpoints for complete automation.
● Deploying configuration and applications for various frontend and backend sites using primarily Chef, but also Puppet
● Maintaining Kilo/Liberty/Newton Openstack compute and controller nodes
● Built clustered Chef configuration management architecture with several thousand clients
● RPM, Debian and GEM repository and package management – designed fault tolerant, cloud-based repo service in Walmart’s private Openstack cloud
● Built custom server provisioning system based in MySQL and Python. Trained peers on the kickstart process.
● Redhat Satellite 6 & Foreman server design and implementation
● Implemented new search engine based on open-source tools (Ruby, SOLR and MySQL)
● Responsible for core services, like, DNS - Infoblox/LDAP/Provisioning/Configuration Management
● Support of all internal customers applications including: Docker, Cassandra, MongoDB, MySQL, NodeJS, Apache, NGINX, ELK, Tomcat and Hadoop
● Jenkins workflow jobs
● Support of Linux distributions including Ubuntu: Xenial & Trusty CentOS 6 – 7.x RedHat 6 – 7.x June 2010 through December 2010
CNet.com/CBS Interactive San Francisco, CA Senior Operations Engineer - Contract cnet.com
● Hadoop cluster buildout and maintenance.
● Developing spec and Make files for RPM creation.
● Full Site to Site Datacenter migration
April 2009 through June 2010
Gazillion Entertainment. San Mateo, CA Senior Linux Systems Engineer gazillion.com
● Jboss and Tomcat application management in MMO gaming environment.
● Puppet and Ctier configuration management.
● Developing spec and Make files for RPM creation.
● Nagios, Keynote, Intermapper monitoring environments.
● Kickstart and bootstrap implementation.
● GeoIP, CDN caching techniques
June 2006 through March 2009
OQO Inc. San Francisco, CA Senior Unix Systems & Network Administrator
● Designed and maintained webserver, webstore and redundant/load-balanced network architecture.
● Setup, migration, maintenance of Apache, Ruby and MySQL production environment.
● Built failover - heartbeat cluster for mission critical ERP system and webstore
● Storage systems administrator for datacenter/co-location (Network Appliance)
● On-going maintenance and upgrades for engineering environment (subversion, cvs, mantis, testrun, wiki)
● Evolution of network and security infrastructure (VPN, Firewalls, Routers, Wireless and switches)
● Built system for monitoring and performance metrics (using Nagios, Sitescope and Cacti) November 2004 through May 2006
Corte dei Conti (Italian Government Branch), Rome, Italy Senior Linux/Unix Systems Adminstrator www.corteconti.it
● Maintained SUSE 9 Enterprise HP BL blade server environment with Altiris blade management software.
● Setup, migration, maintenance of Apache, Postgres, PHP internal production environment.
● Built system for monitoring, log file analysis and performance monitoring (using Nagios, Sawmill and Cacti/RRDtool/SNMP)
● Provided security audit and patch management of linux production servers, resolving vulnerabilities
● Developed and promoted browser-based system for a central knowledge base of technical documentation (based on open-source Plone project)
● Implemented squid, anti-virus, anti-spam, anti-phish servers.
● Administer Solaris 9 Fujitsu Siemens database cluster with Veritas Volume Manager.
● Wrote data automation scripts in PERL for a SUN server cluster and Hitachi SAN.
● Wrote support documentation and acceptance test plan for scripts. March 2000 through October 2004
Nimblefish Technologies, San Francisco, CA Senior Systems Administrator/Network Manager www.nimblefish.com
At Nimblefish, I built a fully monitored datacenter with load balanced front-end application servers, clustered backend databases and data stored on centralized NAS and SAN networks.
● Tools: Dell Blade servers and NAS Servers, DotHill Storage Area Network, SAMBA and NFS
● Software: Tomcat Servlets, JMS, Apache and JoNAS, Redhat Enterprise Linux
● Owned, Designed and deployed development, QA and production site environments.
● Developed/maintained bug tracking and CVS/Perforce software for engineering team
● Developed security, disaster recovery procedures and best practices
● Created monitoring system for server farm using Nagios and Sitescope
● Managed Database Administrator and supervised Oracle 8 to 9i server farm migrations
● Created Service Level Agreements in-line with business objectives
● Linux patch management and kernel rebuilds.
● Reviewed security certification processes (ex. FIPS 140-2) and guaranteed compliance
● Performed expert level penetration testing and vulnerability analysis on network and web application vulnerabilities. Compiled final audit reports for management and client review. EDUCATION:
University of Cincinnati, College of Arts and Sciences, 1991 though 1994, Computer Science University of Cincinnati, College of Applied Science, 1990 through 1993 Associate Registered Debian Consultant
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Certified Design Associate (CCDA)
Current studies, interests and contributions:
opensource contributions: Contributed to internal GitHub. Ansible and python scripts. Volunteer for various animal causes.
Contact this candidate