Naga
Email: ad3aj1@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: +1-425-***-****

Professional Summary:
I have more than 9+ years of experience in Cloud/DevSecOps Engineer with the planning, creation, and execution of comprehensive corporate solutions. competent in utilizing a wide range of technology and a varied skill set to propel application development, integration, and deployment while guaranteeing scalability, security, and dependability.
I have experience designing and implementing solutions using Django, Serverless, MVC, Event Driven, and Spring frameworks.
Knowledge of the following programming languages Groovy, Python, Shell, Ruby, bash, Perl, Java, J2EE, EJB, JSP, JSF/Struts, XML
Hands-on Experienced in Amazon Web Services VPC, EC2, RDS, S3, AWS CLI, AMI, EC2 Image Builder, Route 53, SNS, AWS SQS, Elastic Load Balancing, Auto Scaling, Systems Manager, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, CloudFront, and CloudFormation.
Worked on templating Amazon Machine Images (AMI), creating Elastic Block Storage (EBS) snapshots to ensure backups and promote reusability. Assigned Storage classes to S3 based on Object Lifecycle to reduce storage consumption cost.
Managing a company's customer information by organizing, combining, and securing data from multiple sources to improve decision-making and ensure regulatory compliance.
Moving a company's customer data from physical servers in their office to a cloud-based platform like AWS or Azure, allowing faster access, scalability, and cost efficiency through cloud-native database technologies.
Creating a cloud-based system that organizes and optimizes customer data for quick access and insightful analysis, enhancing business decision-making.
Implemented the serverless architecture (SAM) using API Gateway, Lambda, Dynamo DB and triggered the AWS Lambda code from Amazon S3 buckets.
Worked on version control and source code tools like GIT, Subversion (SVN) and used Source code client tools like Bitbucket, GitLab, Git Bash, GitHub, Code Commit and Git GUI.
Experienced in deploying infrastructure as code with Terraform and cloud formation ensuring scalability and fault tolerance using AWS services like Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) and availability zones.
Used python scripts to perform maintenance tasks on AWS like taking backups, checking resource status, and generating reports using AWS Lambda.
Assisting a company in seamlessly moving their databases (data migration) and safely storing historical information (data archival) within Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure for enhanced accessibility and security.
Experienced in authoring pom.xml files to manage dependencies and plugins to build a project using various maven build lifecycles.
Strong familiarity with Linux and Windows operating systems, along with experience in IT automated solutions design.
Experienced in configuring and setting up Jenkins with plugins to implement (CI/CD) pipeline. Integrated DevOps tools like AWS, Git, Maven, Ansible, Docker and application servers onto pipeline in Jenkins.
Experience in integrating Jenkins with various tools like Maven (Build tool), Git (Repository), SonarQube (code verification), Nexus (Artifactory) and implementing CI/CD automation for creating Jenkins pipelines programmatically architecting Jenkins Clusters. Experience with testing frameworks Junit, cucumber.js and Selenium for setup, build and delivery pipeline.
Experienced in configuring machines on premises and on cloud platforms by writing Ansible Playbooks. Worked on YAML scripts and assigned Ansible Roles to perform tasks on nodes in a time efficient manner.
Worked with artifact repositories like Nexus and Artifactory in deploying artifacts onto web/application servers like JBoss, Apache, Tomcat, WebLogic.
Implemented WCAG 2.0 standards to ensure web accessibility, enhancing user experience.
Experienced with containerization and its tools like Docker, Kubernetes. Automated building Docker-images with Docker file by adding dependency layers to the images available on Docker Hub.
Strong experience on DevOps essential tools like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Subversion (SVN), GIT, Hudson, Jenkins, Ant, Maven and migrated VMWAREVMs to AWS and Managed Services like EC2, S3, Route53, ELB, EBS.
experience using WebSphere Network Deployment (ND) for deploying and managing Java EE applications, IBM MQ for messaging, and Liquibase for database schema version control in enterprise environments.
thorough understanding of LDAP, Splunk, Dynatrace, MQ, Oracle, Java, and SQL tools (PL/SQL developer, SQL plus).
Worked with Nagios, AWS CloudWatch to monitor network infrastructure to track and analyze real time performance, metrics, and traffic of resources on cloud.
Incorporated Jest test environment to enhance code quality and reliability during my work experience.
Extensive experience with scripting languages like Python, Ruby, Perl, Bash.
Good at Linux/Ubuntu administration along with other functions managing different servers like Apache/Tomcat and databases such as Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLSERVER.
A proactive IT professional with participation in software methodologies ranging from traditional Waterfall to highly adaptive Agile methodologies.
Experience on Microsoft Office products, including Outlook, TEAMS, Microsoft Project, Word, Visio, Excel, PowerPoint
Technical Skills:
Infrastructure as a Service
AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, OpenStack
Version Control Tools
GIT, GitHub, Bitbucket
Continuous Integration Tools
Jenkins, TeamCity, Bamboo
Build Tools
Maven, ANT, Gradle
AWS Cloud Services
EC2, VPC, S3, Lambda, Route 53, SNS, IAM, Cloud Front, CloudFormation, Snowball, Terraform EBS, ELB, ECS, Cloud Watch, Auto Scaling, SQS, Elastic Beanstalk
Configuration Management Tools
CHEF, Ansible
Application Server
Apache Tomcat, Oracle
Testing Tools
Selenium, Junit, cucumber.js, jest
Containerization Tools
Docker, Kubernetes, Docker Swarm
Scripting Languages
HTML, Shell Scripting, YAML, Python, Node.js, bash, java, Groovy, Ruby, bash.
Databases
Oracle, MongoDB, SQL Server, MS SQL, NOSQL
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, Elastic Stack, New Relic
SDLC/Internet Protocols
Waterfall, Agile, Scrum, TCP/IP, DNS, SMTP, HTTP
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Scrum Manager
Operating System
UNIX, Linux (Ubuntu, RHEL, Centos), Windows

Certifications:
Certified AWS solution architect.

Education:
Bachelor of Technology Anna University, India

Work Experience:
eBay – Austin, TX June 2022 – Present
AWS DevOps/Cloud engineer
Responsibilities:
Architect, design, and develop end-to-end enterprise solutions, enhancing existing applications and integrating new technologies to meet evolving business needs.
Built cloud Infrastructure using templates on CloudFormation. Configured Elastic Load Balancers (ELB) by specifying Launch Configurations and creating Auto Scaling groups to ensure equal load distribution across VPC.
Utilizing Oracle and/or PostgreSQL for high availability deployments, specializing in real-time data storage and management." Created public and private subnets across VPC to ensure security and modularity on AWS cloud. Also added additional layer of security to control network traffic using Network Access Control Lists (NACL).
Worked on AWS RDS services in securely providing Database from private subnets through SSH tunneling.
Created and configured S3 buckets by providing access permissions to AWS instances using IAM roles. Utilized object life cycle to make usage of S3 more cost efficient. Transitioned the bucket into various storage classes like Glacier, Standard and other frequency-based access classes.
Deployed infrastructure as code using CloudFormation and developed Lambda functions to trigger AWS services depending on the network activity.
Familiar with WebSphere Liberty, Tomcat, and JBOSS for Java application server deployment and management.
Extensive expertise in designing and developing Integration Architecture Solutions using REST, HTTP, JSON, XML, and SOA for real-time applications.
Created CI/CD workflow by incorporating git, Maven and other deployment tools using Jenkins. Configured Jenkins to make periodic builds and mentioned triggers to automate building important builds on the fly.
Configured AWS auto scaling groups to scale preconfigured EC2 instances on increased loads using ELB. Labelled Jenkins slaves and associated the slaves with autoscaling group to ensure job completion with high availability.
Utilized Node.js for efficient backend development, enhancing application performance and scalability in my previous work experience.
Developed YAML scripts to manage and deploy environments using Ansible in a time efficient manner. Created Ansible roles by splitting the tasks into multiple YAML files promoting code reusability.
Created containers using Docker engine and pushed the built Docker images to Docker Registry. Used containers to build transferable build environments among development, testing and production teams.
Configured containers using Docker file specifying the start programs, shells and setting the environment using instructions in Docker file.
Worked on container orchestration to monitor analytics on various workloads and scenarios using Kubernetes. Monitored Kubernetes objects for health by keeping them in desired state using liveness and readiness probes.
Ensured resource availability in handling large data processing requirements using horizontal and vertical scaling in Kubernetes with objects like replication controllers, Deployments, Services, and probes.
Developed python scripts in AWS Lambda to communicate with API gateway and process CRUD data operations on the Databases.
Created Splunk dashboards to monitor and analyze application logs, performance, and generated reports. Monitored web/application servers’ error logs to track and fix bugs.
Incorporated Jest test environment to enhance code quality and reliability during my work experience.
Implemented Agile methodology by managing the project on JIRA. Setup story, epic, spikes and other issues to track progress and generated charts.
Utilized WCAG 2.0 guidelines to create inclusive digital content, promoting accessibility for all.
Environment: AWS, Lambda, RDS, EC2, VPC, ELB, S3, Glacier, CloudFormation, Ansible, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, Splunk, Jira, Ubuntu, RHEL, CentOS, Python, Shell Script, Node.js, jest, WCAG 2.0
Verizon - Denver, CO Nov 2020 – June 2022
DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Work together in discovery sessions with vendors, business analysts, and stakeholders to create secure, scalable enterprise IT solutions that follow Agile SDLC processes.
Created EC2 instances using AWS AMI’s and configured the launched instances with respect to the application.
Used AWS VPC to design and create infrastructure by configuring NAT gateways, subnets in various areas for high availability and security.
Configured inbound and outbound traffic to the internal network Interfaces, Subnets and Virtual Machines. Created route tables between servers and Internet Gateway for internal communication to allow public traffic into own private network.
Creating a unified dashboard that effortlessly syncs sales, inventory, and customer data from various platforms to provide real-time insights for informed decision-making.
Working with various departments, I helped transition our company's data systems to the cloud, ensuring seamless communication and integration of information across teams.
Created and managed policies for S3 buckets and used them for backup and storage on AWS. Encrypted S3 buckets for all CloudTrail logs encrypted and policies to access the logs.
Expert in writing Lambda functions and implemented various tasks like, triggering an action to copy the files in between the S3 buckets and taking EBS snapshots in regular intervals.
Used JSON templates to design and create a stack in AWS Cloud Formation to automate the infrastructure.
In AWS cloud, think of smoothly transferring your business records from an old filing cabinet to a secure digital archive (data migration), ensuring important files are safely stored and accessible whenever needed.
Incorporated Jest test environment to enhance code quality and reliability during my work experience.
Synchronized data from SQL databases to Windows Azure using Data Sync jobs and improved the performance of data transfer between Azure SQL and WCF services by creating Cache memory.
Assisting a company in designing and optimizing their database systems on AWS, ensuring seamless, scalable, and efficient data storage and retrieval in the cloud.
Deployed artifacts into Nexus repository and build tools to develop build artifacts using Maven and defined various plugins, dependencies in Maven pom.xml.
Installed Multiple Plugins in Jenkins UI for building pipelines, build releases and created a master, slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds.
Created Jenkins jobs using various Jenkins files using groovy script via DSL (domain specific language) and used them as various workflow scripts.
Integrated Jenkins with GitHub repositories, Nexus Artifact repository and pushed successful build code using Maven.
Written Chef Cookbooks for DB configurations to optimize and modularize product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes and AWS server provisioning using Chef Recipes.
Created and managed Ansible playbooks and roles for automating the creation of subnets, instance provisioning, package installations and deployed web applications on Apache web servers, Tomcat Servers, and standalone server environments.
Created Docker container environment and used Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle and automated application deployment in the cloud.
Build the Docker registry for container management and orchestrated Kubernetes Pods, Clusters and then managed containerized applications in Kubernetes.
Automated deployment on WebSphere and WebLogic Application Servers using Shell and Perl Scripting for building the Linux environment.
Setup JIRA bug and issue tracker for verifying the integrity, availability of server resources and configuring various workflows and plugins.
Environment: AWS, Azure, GIT, MAVEN, Nexus, Jenkins, Chef, Docker, Kubernetes, Docker swarm, Python, Shell, Bash, Perl script, MySQL, Nagios, and JIRA, Node.js, jest
United Airlines - Chicago, IL Jan 2019 - Nov 2020
AWS DevOps/Cloud engineer
Responsibilities:
Architect, design, and create complete enterprise solutions by incorporating new technologies and improving current ones to satisfy changing business requirements.
Led the design and deployment of a scalable microservices architecture using SOA principles, enhancing system flexibility and interoperability.
Implemented an Event Driven architecture leveraging Django and Spring frameworks, optimizing data processing, and ensuring real-time event handling.
The successful migration of a monolithic application to a microservices architecture, implementing SOA and Event Driven patterns, while integrating MVC, Django, and Spring frameworks for enhanced scalability. Additionally, optimized resource utilization by adopting Serverless architecture for specific functions.
Work together in discovery sessions with vendors, business analysts, and stakeholders to create secure, scalable enterprise IT solutions that follow Agile SDLC processes.
Lead the charge to migrate on-premises messaging solutions to Cloud Service Provider alternatives, design and implement data archival solutions, and lead the migration of legacy applications from SFTP to modern platforms.
As you replace and upgrade application technology platforms, take the lead technically to ensure scalability, high availability, and operations supportability.
setting up mirrored servers across different locations to instantly switch data processing in case of server failure, ensuring seamless database access during any disruptions.
Implemented CI/CD pipeline using Bamboo and Jenkins. Integrated SCM, build, configuration, and deployment tools in bamboo and Jenkins to Automate CI/CD process by creating plans, stages, and jobs.
Automated environment configuration and deployment using Puppet. Configured puppet Master and Nodes by writing modules and manifest scripts thereby specifying and installing environment dependencies.
Used git for Source Code Management and used ANT for building code. Developed build.xml files to integrate build plugins and deployed them onto web/application servers.
Developed shell scripts to monitor performance and utilization of resources on cloud and on premise. Also wrote scripts to automate daily tasks of checking software environment, updating daily backups.
Worked with Subversion for Source Code Management and assisted in migrated SVN repositories to git.
Incorporated Jest test environment to enhance code quality and reliability during my work experience.
Ensured code quality and functionality by writing test cases in Selenium. Documented the results and generated reports pointing to the test case outcomes.
Engage in Agile SDLC activities such as concurrent application development aimed at multiple future releases, sprint discovery, standups, and retrospectives.
Prioritize high-priority production issues in a proactive manner, providing a root cause analysis and quick resolution.
Processes and procedures should be documented to improve workflows and knowledge sharing.
Environment: AWS, Azure, VPC, VPN, IAM, RDS, Active Directory, EC2, SNS, CloudFormation, Puppet, Bamboo, bash, Ant, Selenium, Docker, git, Subversion, SVN, Splunk, JIRA, jest, Node.js, WCAG 2.0, java.
TracFone Wireless - Miami, FL Dec 2016 - Dec 2018
DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Created EC2 instances using AWS AMI’s and configured the launched instances with respect to the application.
Used AWS VPC to design and create infrastructure by configuring NAT gateways, subnets in various areas for high availability and security.
Configured inbound and outbound traffic to the internal network Interfaces, Subnets and Virtual Machines. Created route tables between servers and Internet Gateway for internal communication to allow public traffic into own private network.
Managed users, groups with specific policies and attached them using IAM accounts and implemented Multi Factor Authentication to meet security compliance.
Created and managed policies for S3 buckets and used them for backup and storage on AWS. Encrypted S3 buckets for all CloudTrail logs encrypted and policies to access the logs.
Expert in writing Lambda functions and implemented various tasks like, triggering an action to copy the files in between the S3 buckets and taking EBS snapshots in regular intervals.
Used JSON templates to design and create a stack in AWS Cloud Formation to automate the infrastructure launching. Synchronized data from SQL databases to Windows Azure using Data Sync jobs and improved the performance of data transfer between Azure SQL and WCF services by creating Cache memory.
Expertise in Branching, Merging, Tagging, and maintaining the version across the environments using SCM tools like GIT and Subversion (SVN) on Linux platforms. Responsible for design and maintenance of the GIT Repositories, views, and the access control strategies.
Deployed artifacts into Nexus repository and build tools to develop build artifacts using Maven and defined various plugins, dependencies in Maven pom.xml.
Created Jenkins jobs using various Jenkins files using groovy script via DSL (domain specific language) and used them as various workflow scripts.
Integrated Jenkins with GitHub repositories, Nexus Artifact repository and pushed successful build code using Maven.
Worked on chef server for bootstrapping nodes for on-site applications, cookbooks, recipes and uploaded them to chef server to manage on-site application and services.
Created and managed Ansible playbooks and roles for automating the creation of subnets, instance provisioning, package installations and deployed web applications on Apache web servers, Tomcat Servers, and standalone server environments.
Created Docker container environment and used Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle and automated application deployment in the cloud.
Configured the containers using YAML scripting through Docker container snapshots, Docker-compose, container removing, managing image and configured the container directory structures using YAML scripting.
sed Kubernetes for automating the docker container deployment and set up Docker swarm clusters to build the corn jobs to avoid the downtime/failover.
Build the Docker registry for container management and orchestrated Kubernetes Pods, Clusters and then managed containerized applications in Kubernetes.
Using Nagios to monitor the Application performance and Infrastructure health by analyzing the user dashboard and logs management.
Automated deployment on WebSphere and WebLogic Application Servers using Shell and Perl Scripting for building the Linux environment.
Incorporated Jest test environment to enhance code quality and reliability during my work experience.
Setup JIRA bug and issue tracker for verifying the integrity, availability of server resources and configuring various workflows and plugins.
Environment: AWS, Azure, GIT, MAVEN, Nexus, Jenkins, Chef, Docker, Kubernetes, Docker swarm, Python, Shell, Bash, Perl script, MySQL, Nagios, and JIRA, Node.js.

The Weather Channel - Atlanta, GA Mar 2016 - Nov 2016
Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Installed and configured hardware besides installing RedHat Linux, Cent OS, SUSE, and other Linux Operating System distributions onto user machines.
Provided users with role specific permissions by creating users, groups and assigning ownerships. Assigned policies for file and resource access thereby handling user and group account management.
Administered Linux servers by applying frequent patches and upgrades. Also kept servers up to date by installing required functionalities like Apache/Tomcat Servers, mail servers and other dependencies.
Ensured network security of the systems using firewall by specifying white and blacklists. Also configured systems to add them to specific subnets and set rules for traffic routing over network.
Installed and configured security services like DHCP, SSH, SCP, FTP.
Monitored and generated logs of system activities like CPU, Memory Disk and SWAP space usage.
Provided support for Linux among multiple teams like development, testing and production. Troubleshooted issues with hardware, network and other Linux functionalities.
Environment: RHEL, Shell, CentOS, SUSE, Solaris, JBoss, Apache, Tomcat, TCP/IP, DHCP, SSH, SCP, FTP, Node.js.

My Fitness Pal - San Francisco, CA May 2015 - Feb 2016
Linux Systems Administrator
Responsibilities:
Worked as Linux Administrator in IT infrastructure environment providing server administration, application administration and better Network solutions to support business objectives.
Configured the hardware and OS (Solaris 10 and SUSE) on servers.
Installed, configured and updated Red Hat 6 & Windows NT/2000 Systems using Jumpstart and Kickstart.
Created and maintained Virtual machines in VMware ESX.
Worked on different VMware products like VMware workstation, GSX/VMware server, VMware player, VMware Converter.
Used Wireshark to Capture and analyze TCP, UDP, and IP Packets.
Managed UNIX Infrastructure and EMC storage involving maintenance of the servers and troubleshooting Problems in the environment.
Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs like disabling and enabling CRON jobs, enabling system logging, network logging of servers for maintenance, performance tuning and testing.
Served as communication conduit between programmers and network operations central staff.
Responsible for maintaining the management applications and tools used to monitor, diagnose, and troubleshoot the Data Network Infrastructure.
Configured services like DNS, NIS, NFS, LDAP, Send Mail, FTP, Remote access on Linux.
Troubleshooting System, Network, and Operating System issues.
Administration and troubleshooting skills on Disks and File Systems, Users and Groups.
Maintenance of NFS server with auto mount and monitoring backup daily and weekly dumps.
Worked 24/7 on call for application and system support.
Environment: Solaris 10, SUSE, RHEL, VMware ESX, Wireshark, TCP, UDP, IP, DNS, NIS, NFS, LDAP, FTP, etc.

InsertV Consultancy Services, India. Jan 2014 - Apr 2015
Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Created Java based applications, including XML Web services and Web applications.
Implemented the user interface using java script, JSP, AJAX, HTML and CSS.
Managed the struts-config.xml file for all action mappings.
Used J2EE technologies like MVC, business delegate and DAO.
Assisted in the development of Action Classes and Action Forms.
Interacted with internal users and clients to learn and document requirements that are then used to produce business requirements documents.
Created user-friendly web pages to maintain a database for products.
Designed SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and used at deploying different applications.
Maintain the documentation, processes, guidelines, and procedures of the project.
Writing technical requirements from a critical phase.
Implemented GPS tracking system for the registered users.
Designed use cases using Rational Rose for GPS Tracker application.
Interact with designers to understand software limitations.
Actively involved in tuning SQL queries.
Customized interfacing with other applications both in front-end and back-end application development.
Tested the application and developed test cases using JUnit.
Code Review and Troubleshooting.
Environment: Java 1.6, JSP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript 1.7, AJAX, SQL, JDBC, Tomcat 7, STRUTS MVC, Waterfall Methodology.
Contact this candidate