Khawar Shahzad
DevOps Engineer
929-***-**** ad3boy@r.postjobfree.com Brooklyn, New York

Professional Summary
DevOps Engineer with a keen focus on maintaining highly efficient systems to facilitate seamless operations and sustained productivity. Proficient in overseeing routine maintenance assessments and strategically planning system updates to minimize network disruptions. Enthusiastic about fostering collaboration with clients and colleagues, actively contributing to the conception and implementation of innovative technical solutions for intricate automation and DevOps challenges.
Work History
DevOps Engineer [March 2022 – Present]
HCL Technologies, Remote
Implemented automated deployment processes for SIT and UAT environments through the establishment of CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, GitHub.
Utilized Kubernetes to deploy docker containers inside of a cluster.
Experience in developing Docker file to containerized applications to deploy on managed Kubernetes service EKS.
Worked with Docker images and containers to check all microservices for testing purposes.
Created executable jobs in Jenkins for CI/CD and manual job runs for code Deploy and QA test scripts.
Automated system updates and upgrades using Ansible Tower.
Managed 500+ Linux-Based servers/EC2 instances ensuring optimal performance and monitoring metrics with Datadog.
Worked with various AWS technologies such as EC2 instances, S3 buckets, VPC, RDS, CloudWatch, IAM, S3 etc.
Launched EC2 instances using Linux Amazon images and configured instances with specific applications.
Designed and maintained Amazon RDS database instances, optimizing performance and ensuring data integrity for mission-critical applications.
Created serverless functions using AWS Lambda to automate tasks and improve system efficiency, reducing operational overhead.
Configured and managed Amazon VPCs to establish secure and isolated network environments, enhancing data privacy and network security.
Set up and maintained DNS services with Amazon Route 53, ensuring seamless domain management and high availability.
Wrote, managed and maintained Bash scripts and Ansible playbooks for various automated tasks for the AWS cloud infrastructure and on-premises servers as well.
Responsible for Linux system issues for troubleshooting and remediating by analyzing system logs using system messages and Splunk.
Designed and maintained infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform, enabling the automated provisioning and management of cloud resources.
Orchestrated infrastructure changes using Terraform modules and state management, ensuring infrastructure consistency and traceability.
Worked with version control tools such as git and GitHub, created pull requests (PR) on GitHub and have changes reviewed before merging to latest feature branch.
Created monitor alarms for EC2 hosts with the help of CloudWatch.
Used Jira ticketing tool to track down, manage, and resolve internal tickets and incidences and used Jira confluence to manage documentation.

Linux Engineer/Admin [March 2021 – Feb 2022]
Dell Technologies, Remote
Performed patching on the Linux servers and interacted with users on daily basis for Linux related issues.
Provide support for internally developed tools and process support tickets.
Monitor the performance of the batch scheduling system and compute servers\improve, automate and document processes related to account creation, termination and modification.
Work with VMware platform and management tools
Building and provisioning servers BM using bootable device
Provided technical assistance and support in handling queries and issues related to computer systems.
Managed file systems, which included ext2, ext3, ext4.
Worked with SAN managing physical hard drives.
Worked in Decommissioning processes.
Ensured end users satisfaction by monitoring and responding quickly and effectively to requests received.
Upgrade systems and processes as required for enhanced functionality and security issue resolution.
Writing Ansible Playbooks to configure servers simultaneously and to automate daily tasks among multiple servers.

Linux Administrator/Engineer [June 2018 – Feb 2021]
CBS Corp, New York, NY
Installed, configured, maintained, and supported Red Hat. Linux/CentOS 5/6/7 servers
Creating logical volumes, extending the file systems using LVM
Setting up secure password less sign-on with SSH authentication
Schedule jobs using cron jobs.
Using PXE BOOT to provision the servers and for booting up the client machines.
Researching and recommending innovative, and where possible, automating approaches for system administration tasks.
Worked on upgrading Virtual Machines VMware ESXI hosts and VCenter servers.
Server migrations on VMware, VMotion, VMware Update Manager.
Managed TCP and UDP protocols, as well as transferring files over networks using utilities such as SSH, FTP, SCP,
Decommissioned physical and virtual servers.
Working with Vendor support via email and phone to resolve crucial production cases.
24HR Availability for Production issues and maintenance schedule for patching and migration.
Installing and building physical servers (HP, DELL,) and virtual ESXI (VMware).
Worked with Bash scripts to automate daily tasks.
Patch Management, Package Installation/Upgrades/Removing
Managing critical servers such as DNS, DHCP, NFS, LDAP, FTP.
Creating and Managing user accounts and managing system security
Documenting processes, best practices and troubleshooting procedures.
Skills
●DevOps best practices
●Operating Systems: Red Hat Centos (6, 7,8)
●Virtualization: VMware, vSphere, Hypervisor
●Patching: YUM, RPM
●Storage: SAN, NAS, NFS, LVM, DR
●DevOps Tools: Ansible, Bash scripting, Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform
●Application/Servers: TCP/IP, UDP/IP, DNS, HTTPD, NFS, LVM, SSH, RAID, NTP, SAN, Yum Repo, Cron jobs, EC2,WAN
●CI/CD Pipeline: Jenkins
●User Authentication: LDAP and Active Directory.
●Scripting: Bash and Shell Scripting
●Windows Servers
●VMware Virtualization
●JBoss Application Server
Education
Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Kingsborough Community College - Brooklyn, NY
Contact this candidate