Harivignesh Karuppaiya
AWS certified Developer Cloud Engineer DevOps Engineer SRE
+1-774-***-**** ad3dck@r.postjobfree.com Massachusetts, USA LinkedIn
CERTIFICATIONS

Cloud Computing: AWS – Developer Associate Certified (Link attached)
Upgrad Certification (PG) : Business Intelligence and Data analytics

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
AWS certified Developer and Multicloud engineer with 4+ years of experience in DevOps cloud automation and analyzing data possessing a prolific track record of driving backend development ensuring seamless performance of production servers. Ability to manage all aspects of the software configuration management process, including code compilation, packaging deployment in cloud Infra and DevOps automation.
Orchestrated DevOps practices across AWS, and Azure, integrating technologies such as UNIX/Linux, Java, NodeJS, Jenkins, Bamboo, CI/CD, Atlassian Stack, Maven, Gradle, NPM, GitHub, Bitbucket, Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, Tomcat, JBoss, and more.
Employed AWS resources like EC2, VPC, Security Groups, Route 53, ELB, SNS, IAM, S3, Auto Scaling, RDS, CloudFormation, ELK cluster management, and CloudWatch for efficient cloud infrastructure management.
Automated AWS environment creation and deployment with Terraform and Shell/Python scripting, optimizing solution delivery via AWS CLI.
Demonstrated proficiency in Azure development, encompassing Azure web apps, App Services, Azure storage, SQL Database, Virtual Machines, Azure AD, Azure search, and notification hub. Utilized Azure Service Fabric for scalable Microservices and container management.
Automated Azure environment configurations and on-premises migrations using Azure Site Recovery and Backups.
Mastered scripting languages: Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl, PowerShell, JSON, YAML, Groovy, facilitating automation and deployment processes.
Deployed and managed critical Kubernetes daemons with daemonsets and ConfigMaps, implementing efficient configuration management and load balancing through services and ingress controllers.
Proficiently handled Docker technologies including Docker Hub, Docker Swarm, and Docker Compose, creating custom Docker images for middleware installations and configuration.
Leveraged IAC tools like CloudFormation, ARM, and Terraform for infrastructure management and versioning.
Applied object-oriented programming in Java/J2EE and utilized build tools such as Apache Maven and Apache Ant.
Utilized monitoring systems like Nagios, Grafana, Dynatrace, Splunk, and various Bug Tracking Tools to enhance ELK platform and adapt to new technologies.
Administered RDBMS databases (MySQL, DB2, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DynamoDB, Cassandra DB, Redis).
Proficient in UNIX (Red Hat Linux) System Administration, including builds, upgrades, troubleshooting, security, backup, disaster recovery, and performance tuning.
Expertise in Scrum Methodologies, Agile, Waterfall methods, Software development Lifecycle management, continuous integration, build and release management, and environment management.

KEY SKILLS
• Azure Cloud • Data Analysis • Software Development • Deployment • Project Automation
• Integration • Site Reliability • Data Visualization • Data Mining

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud Technologies: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure.
Programming: Python, Groovy, Shell scripting, Matplotlib, OOPs, SQL, core java
CI/CD: GitHub, Jenkins, Docker, AWS CloudFormation, PostMan, Swagger UI
Data Analytics/Integration: Tableau, SQL Server Management Services, Tableau Prep Builder.
DevOps Tools/Languages: Maven, Unix, GIT, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Pager Duty, Slack, New Relic, Datadog, Service Now, Sonar Qube, Shell, YAML, Groovy, SQL, PuTTY, MS Excel (Advanced)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Starbucks Bengaluru, IN Feb'22 - Aug'22
Site Reliability Engineer – DevOps
●Overlooked Cloud platform of Starbucks Production through performance analysis and server automation.
●Integrating tools for monitoring Splunk alerts with the help of Slack plugins and Outlook.
●Analysed huge Data-pipelines with Splunk, Azure DataBricks for Starbucks enterprise.
●Experience and knowledge of Azure security Principles and best practices.
●Refined NRQL statements on New Relic to fetch the log data from the servers and set up APM dashboards.
●Implemented Jenkins CI to automate Azure project builds/releases, resulting in 15% reduction in manual effort.
●Managed Starbucks’ Machine learning models DeepBrew and automated data pipeline deployments.
●Formalized alert policies for App servers/data pipelines, integrated monitoring alerts using Pager Duty, Slack, Datadog, and Service Now for issue/ticket tracking to improve reliability and minimize downtime by 20%.
●Orchestrated the Branching, merging of code, development and Release branches on GIT at product releases.
●Automated CI/CD integration process for Azure project build/releases. Orchestrated Docker containers using Kubernetes in build environments for development and production environments and increasing deployment efficiency by 20%.
●Successfully executed multiple production releases with Blue/Green deployment strategies, minimizing risks and enabling seamless rollbacks in case of issues.
●Employed Shell scripting and PuTTY for server management and remote access, improving operational efficiency.
●Ensured Site reliability by proactively monitoring, addressing performance bottlenecks and system vulnerabilities.
●Fostered strong collaboration with development teams to expedite resolution of production issues .
●Employed Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates and Terraform for Infrastructure as Code (IaC) to automate infrastructure provisioning, ensuring consistency across environments.
●Utilized Docker and Azure Container Registry (ACR) to manage container images, designing and implementing Kubernetes clusters on Azure AKS with network, security, and storage configurations.
●Bulk loading from the external stage (AWS S3), internal stage to snowflake cloud using the COPY command using airflow python scripts.
●Coordinated a team of 3 members and logged the user stories on to distinct Jira boards for progress tracking.
●Managed and updated Confluence documents for multiple user stories and mapped with events for project.
●Created IAM roles and polices to grant access permission and KMS for different Buckets.
●Acted as Primary Release Engineer and Collaborated, overseeing server performance and security alerts post-production releases made sure of the site reliability..

TransAmerica Kolkata, IN Jun '18 - Jan '22
DevOps Engineer
●Programmed several modules of TCS BaNCS insurance policies and premium using java/python.
●Leveraged Maven to efficiently build code and integrated JFrog Artifactory for streamlined artifact management.
●Automated Amazon Machine Image (AMI) creation using Packer and AWS EC2, reducing provisioning time by 50% and enhancing application deployment efficiency.
●Fostered security by creating EC2 and ALB security groups and developing Bash scripts for infrastructure provisioning, leveraging AWS CLI and Terraform.
●Ensured robust monitoring and metrics collection with AWS CloudWatch, covering various AWS resources like EC2 instances, RDS databases, Lambda functions, and more.
●Integrated vulnerability detection into CI/CD pipelines through Jenkins Pipelines and SonarQube Quality Gates, streamlining GIT Repository, SCM Polling, and Maven repository setup.
●Configured performance metrics using AWS CloudWatch and CloudTrail, optimizing resource management.
●Employed AWS CodePipeline, CodeBuild, and CodeDeploy for Cross-Account deployments, creating IAM policies and roles.
●Utilized AWS Route 53 for High-Availability and Disaster Recovery configurations.
●Managed IAM, RDS, Route 53, VPC, RDB, DynamoDB, SES, SQS, and SNS services in the AWS cloud.
●Developed Lambda services to automate cloud functionality.Introduced Version Control Management tools like GIT and Tortoise GIT for code merging.
●Conducted Git training sessions for the development team to promote best practices.
●Managed Docker containers and Kubernetes setup to overlook the continuous deployment process.
●Spearheaded the automation of CI/CD integration processes for the project build and releases, reducing manual effort and enhancing deployment efficiency using tools such as Jenkins and AWS CodeBuild.
●Implemented Canary releases to gradually introduce new features to end-users, enhancing user experience.
●Implemented a robust DevOps pipeline using AWS services and Informatica to orchestrate the migration of heterogeneous data sources into a unified, cloud-based repository. This transformation resulted in a 20% reduction in data access times.
●Streamlined code quality measures for production instances with SonarQube and Fortify scans.
●"Proficient in Amazon Web Service (AWS) technologies, including EMR, Glue, CloudWatch, S3, Kinesis, Lambda, Athena, CloudFront, CodeGuru, Cognito, DynamoDB, EBS, ECS, EKS, RDS, Redshift, SNS, SQS, SageMaker, AppSync, Auto Scaling, CloudTrail, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, CodeCommit, Elastic Beanstalk, IAM, KMS, Airflow, and EC2. These skills enable efficient Big Data Analytics processing and Snowflake integration."
●Collaborated closely with cross-functional teams for infrastructure as code (IaC) development.
●Standardized use of log4j to log the error messages to the log files over security issues.
●Expert in implementing Agile-Scrum & Waterfall Methodologies to add value to the deliverables, working with consultants in identifying process improvements in deliverables, developing methods to achieve less delivery which decreased by 15%.
●Designed a Java web app performance diagnostic dashboard for Spring Boot microservices and deployed using AWS CodePipeline, and Code Commit. Successfully delivered 15 code revisions in one week, maintaining zero application downtime, and consistently reached a daily request rate of 5,000+ on the website.
●Leveraged Unix shell scripts to automate routine server maintenance tasks, resulting in a 15% increase in operational efficiency.
●Extensive hands-on experience with a wide range of AWS services, including IAM, VPC, ECS, EKS, Cloud formation, Beanstalk, Lambda, RDS, SQS, SNS, and S3, effectively leveraging the functionalities to design and implement robust cloud solutions.
●Developed a back-end application and employed AWS DynamoDB. Created APIs via AWS API Gateway and created a dashboard for viewing employee statistics. This led to an increase of 100+ device installations and 600+ resolved customer issues per month with just 25 on-site operation specialists.

EDUCATION
Clark University Worcester, MA
Master of Science in Data Analytics CGPA – 3.8/4
●Course Modules: Data Management, Data Engineering Fundamentals, Python, Machine Learning, Business Intelligence, Linear Regression, and Time Series

IIIT Bangalore & UpGrad Bengaluru, IN
Post Graduate Diploma in Data Science CGPA – 3.65/4
●Data Analysis using SQL Advanced Python for Data Science Machine Learning and Linear Regression
●Time Series Analysis Telecom Churn Case Study Bike Sharing Project Lead Scorer Case Study

Anna University Chennai, IN
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering CGPA – 7.6/10.0
●Worked on semester long project in Java, integrating multiple tech stacks to build web app.
●Assisted the university team in building the website for Inter-college events registration with payment options.

PROJECTS
Tableau: Data Visualization Project Clark University May ‘22 – June ‘22
●Visualized crime rates in northern states, specifically cities of Maryland County, to derive key insights behind the evolving crime rate of high crime rate cities.
●Constructed charts such as bar charts, geographical maps, and heat maps using Tableau Prep and Tableau to highlight findings.

Contactless ATM Project Anna University
●Developed a system to make the ATM machines contactless by using gesture technologies and image processing.
●By implementing a combination of Hardware and software implementation, it was made possible to capture the actions and process in real time which was very relatable after the Covid impact when everything went contactless.

HONORS AND CERTIFICATION
●Certified AWS Developer associate.
●Awarded "Employee of the Month" twice during critical deliveries, 2019-2020
●ETHICAL HACKING CERTIFICATION 2020 PROMPT INFOTECH
●Competed in the Final Round of SMART INDIA HACKATHON 2017 conducted National level by the Ministry of Civil Aviation at Civil Aviation Training Institute Allahabad, IN
●Awarded CYBER CRIME INVESTIGATOR CERTIFICATION 2020 PROMPT INFOTECH

Clark University Worcester, MA
Student Team Lead July 2022
●Led a team of 5 members for MAPFRE business competition and won 2nd Prize for creating mock insurance policies based on simulated/past data(of MAPFRE organization).
Contact this candidate