Dingbobga Melvin Sama
DevOps Engineer
ad3dlz@r.postjobfree.com +1-256-***-****
Huntsville, AL
Qualifications Summary
Experienced in Jenkins by installing, configuring, and maintaining for purpose of continuous integration (CI) and for end-to-end automation for all build and deployments and creating Jenkins CI pipelines.
Hands on experience with EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, ELB, EBS, Auto scaling.
Experienced in branching, merging, and maintaining versions using SCM tools like Git and GitHub on Linux platform.
Experienced in the creation of Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle.
Creating custom Docker Images using Docker files for easier replication of DEV and QA Environments in local machines.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills and can work either independently with little or no supervision or as a member of a team.
Good written and verbal communication skills, strong organizational skills, and a hard-working team player, well-practiced in attending phone calls and answering business team queries.
Education & Certifications
Post-Graduate Certificate in DevOps -2023
California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA

Bachelor of Science in Sociology and Anthropology with Honors
University of Buea.
Technical Proficiency
Git Ansible AWS Kubernetes Terraform Cloud Formation Docker Jenkins Docker Hub Splunk GitHub Docker-Compose Linux/Unix Bash Shell Scripting Redhat Ubuntu CentOS Tomcat Debian Nginx HTTPD Apache2 Agile Methodology Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Source-Code Management Code Testing
Areas of Expertise
Exceptional Communication
Process Automation
Seamless Project Deployment
Code Testing & Management
Developer Collaborations
Build Release Management
Lean & Agile Methodologies
Software Optimization
Process Improvement
Professional Experience

Amazon, Madison, AL 2021 – Present
Warehouse Facilitator / Associate

Utilize multiple technologies including scanners, computers, and handheld printers to sort inventory, gather customer orders, problem Solving and automation. Receive and sort inventory, maintain safe work environment, and collaborate with team members to execute tasks.

DevOps Engineer 2020 – 2021
Simplilearn Americans Inc – San Francisco, CA

Building/maintaining CI/CD pipeline for code deployment using GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, Ansible, Kubernetes
Implement automation and smooth running of our CI/CD pipelines for continuous building, testing and deployments.
Analyze new tools and update the current pipeline.
Production support, Kubernetes (Helm, Workloads, Storage, Networks etc)
Deployed application with 12 microservices
Leveraged Gits as a VCS to ensure all code changes are kept in a single system for easy modification and testing.
Build and deploy Docker containers to break up monolithic apps into micro-services, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.
Use configuration management tools to automate code releases and deployments.
Leveraged Terraform as an IAC tool to provision AWS EC2, VPCs and other required infrastructure resources.
Created documentation to aid in cloud Infrastructure design solutions including AWS EC2, VPCs, CIDRs, Subnets etc and troubleshooting.
Planned and executed Periodic server patches and tuning required for optimal system performance.
Exhibited functional knowledge of Scripting and automation.
System monitoring and troubleshooting software/hardware, kernel and networking issues.

IT Field Support Tech 2015 – 2018
LUKMEF CAMEROON
●Acted as a resource IT support Technician and delivered IT support to onsite and remote users.
●Quickly resolved complex, break/fix issues in person or via telephone.
●Performed installations, replacements, configurations, upgrades and hardware/software tasks as needed.
●Statistically monitored desktop operations while following set procedures for logging and reporting.
●Trained other IT Support Technicians

Systems Administrator 2011 – 2015

AES-SONEL /DRLSO / Commercial department (2011) CAMEROON
Monitored servers and installing security tools including sever upgrades and virus software.
Set up and administer user and groups accounts, setting permissions, Web servers, file servers, etc.
Troubleshooting, document resources, monitor behavior modifications & intrusion, configure system/logs.
Performed backing up and restoring of files.

Languages
English, Excellent
French, Good
Contact this candidate