Aderanti Ojo
Douglasville, United States ***** 470-***-**** ad3eiz@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Flexible professional with experience developing and building IT solutions. Confident DevOps Engineer with exemplary expertise in routine application maintenance tasks, including troubleshooting and testing.

SKILLS

●Agile/Scrum Methodology
●Amazon Web Services
●API Design and Development
●Eagerness to Learn New Technologies
●Databases: sql

WORK HISTORY

DevOps Engineer 01/2018 to Current
Dotrous Enterprise Atlanta, GA
● Orchestrated efficient large-scale software deployments
●Analyze code and design faults to find root causes of errors and assemble systems to pre-empt similar faults in the future
●Working knowledge of SQL database technologies (SQL, schema design)
●Collaborates with the Development and Architectural teams to ensure operational maturity requirements (reliability, availability, scalability, observability, performance, capacity etc.) are met, and recommends operational improvements to them
●Works with others or independently on projects of medium to high complexity often with cross-team alignment needs
●Excellent interpersonal skills, as well as excellent communication skills, verbal and written to both technical and non-technical audiences that are in a geographically dispersed environment (internet conference calls, telephone, face-to-face
●Ability to develop and debug software in Python, Ruby, Bash, Powershell
●Experience with configuring, hardening and testing base Windows
●Experience in open-source development and software development lifecycle process and techniques
●Sound knowledge and exposure to network protocols, routing, internetworking connections and configuration and troubleshooting tools
●Hands-on experience in building and administering VMs and Containers using tools such as Docker / Kubernetes, Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat Linux, AWS, Terraform and Azure

Software Engineer 01/2017 to 01/2018
Rantyoba Global Services LTD Lagos, Nigeria
●Reviewed project specifications and designed technology solutions that met or exceeded performance expectations.
●Orchestrated efficient large-scale software deployments.
●Analyzed proposed technical solutions based on customer requirements, budget and product goal.
●Coordinated with other engineers to evaluate and improve software and hardware interfaces.
●Worked on different Linux flavor: Ubuntu, CentOS, Linux RedHat
●Worked with customers for needs analysis, proposal development and vendor costs to produce competitive estimates.

Project Manager 01/2015 to 01/2017
Jesu Towo Nigeria LTD Ile Ife, Nigeria
●Developed and initiated projects, managed costs, and monitored performance.
●Reined in project costs while meeting key milestones.
●Fostered relationships with vendors to promote positive working relationships.
●Updated operational methods, oversaw accounting procedures, tracked information and compiled data to improve efficiency.
●Drove team success through shared vision and recognition of quality performance.
●Achieved project deadlines by coordinating with contractors to manage performance.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science Business Administration 07/2008
Houdegbe North American University, Benin Repoblic

.
Contact this candidate