Venkata Paladugu
ad3fds@r.postjobfree.com
732-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/venkata-paladugu-2230637/

Summary:
Venkata is Senior DevOps Engineer with 17+ years of experience. He has hands on experience on developing application on Java and Python. He has hands on experience on working with Infrastructure as Code tool Terraform and Container Tools like Docker and Kubernetes. He has extensive experience with cloud deployment using AWS. He has experience using Source control with Git and has a lot of experience with Linux.

Key Highlights:
●Over 17 years of IT experience in Software Development & DevOps Technologies.
●Have 5+ years of IT experience in Cloud computing, DevOps Implementation, Build & Release engineering.
●Over 4 years of hands-on experience in development and design of Java and related frameworks.
●Over 6 years of IT experience in Implementation, Build & Release engineering & Maintenance of Finacle Treasury product.
●Experience in working with AWS resources like IAM, EC2, EBS, S3, ELB, VPC, ECS, Route 53, Auto Scaling, Cloud Watch, Code Commit, Code Deploy and experienced in Cloud automation.
●Configured and administered GITHUB enterprise in AWS with high availability (HA) enabled and
handled migrations from SVN to GITHUB.
●Involved in TeamCity configurations to build, create packages and packages and to push them to development, test, and production environments using Octopus.
●Designed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates.
●Expertise in architecting secure VPC Solutions in AWS with the help of Network ACLs, Security groups, public and private network configurations.
●Hands on experience in setting up database in AWS using RDS, storage using S3 bucket and configuring instance backups to S3 bucket to ensure fault tolerance and high availability.
●Expertise in Cloud Infrastructure Automation which includes Amazon Web Services (AWS), Ansible, Maven, Jenkins, SVN, GitHub, WebLogic, Tomcat, JBoss and LINUX etc.
●Played a key role in automating the deployments on AWS using GitHub, Terraform & Jenkins.
●Used Bash and Python, to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
●Extensive experience in setting up the CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, Maven, Nexus, GitHub, Terraform and AWS.
●Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python, SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of AWS Nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python, run Ansible Scripts to provision development servers.
●Extensively worked on Jenkins for configuring and maintaining continuous integration (CI) and for End to End automation for all build and deployments.
●Good Understanding and implementation experience of CI/CD pipeline, automation programmatically by creating Jenkins jobs and pipelines and solving various problems with ANT, Maven, Gradle as plugins.
●Experience with installation and configuration of Docker environment(v1.5.0) including Docker registry hub for managing different Docker images and deployment of applications inside the software containers.
●Installing, configuring and managing the databases like MySQL, NoSQL, DB2, PostgreSQL, MongoDB.
●Having good implementation experience with installation and configuration of Kubernetes, clustering them and managed local deployments in Kubernetes.
●Provided consistent environment using Kubernetes for deployment scaling and load balancing to the application from development through production, easing the code development and deployment pipeline by implementing Docker containerization.

EDUCATION/TRAINING/CERTIFICATION

Education:
●Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Information Technology from JNTU, Hyderabad, 2005

TECHNICAL ENVIRONMENT

Automation Tools: Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, Vagrant, Terraform
Cloud Platforms: AWS
Database Systems: OracleDB2, MSSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, AWS RDS
Version Control tools: GIT, Subversion, CVS, Bitbucket, TFS
Web Servers: Tomcat, APACHE 2.x, 3.x, JBOSS 4.x/5.x, WebLogic (8/9/10), WebSphere4/5, TFS, Nginx, Azure, IIS, Redhat Satellite
Networking/Protocol: TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, DHCP, Cisco Routers/Switches, WAN, SMTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP, Juniper
Scripting/Languages: Python, Bash/Shell Scripting, YAML, JSON
Virtualization Technologies: VMWare ESX/ESXi, Windows Hyper-V, Power VM, Virtual box, Citrix Xen
Application Servers: Web Logic Application server 9.x, 10.x, Apache Tomcat 5.x/7.x, Red Hat JBoss 4.22
Monitoring Tools: Elastic Search, Cloud Watch
Operating system: Linux (Red Hat 4/5/6/7, CENTOS & SUSE), Solaris 11/10/9/8, HP-UX 11.0, 11.11, 11.23, 11.31, V1, V2 & V3, Ubuntu 12/13/14, Windows NT/2000/2003, 2008, 2010, 2012, DEBIAN

MAJOR ASSIGNMENTS

Client: ETS, Princeton, NJ Jun 2021 – Present
Role: Senior DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
●Configured and administered GITHUB enterprise in Azure with high availability(HA) enabled and
handled migrations from SVN to GITHUB.
●Worked with various services of AWS: EC2, ELB, Route53, S3, Cloud Front, SNS, RDS, IAM, Cloud Watch and Cloud Formation, Lambda, CloudTrail.
●Involved in TeamCity configurations to build, create packages and packages and to push them to development, test, and production environments using Octopus.
●Involved in automated migration of code repositories, commit history, branches, tags from the on premise system to the cloud environment.
●Migrated users from GITHUB on premise system to the cloud environment.
●Worked on Lambda service in AWS used to maintain a server less architecture.
●Used Amazon Elastic Beanstalk, automatically handling the deployment, from capacity provisioning, load balancing and auto-scaling along with SQS, SNS, SWF services to application health monitoring.
●Used Terraform to create SNS,SQS,Lambda functions(Node JS),Cloud Watch alerts, Dynamo DB tables along with KMS CMK keys.
●features such as infrastructure as code, execution plans, resource graphs and change automation.
●Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant, Maven and Gradle to schedule the builds.
● Defined dependencies and plugins in Maven (Pom.xml) Java files for various activities and integrated Maven with
●GIT to manage and deploy project related tags and administrated Artifactory repository.
●Used Jenkins for automating/Scheduling the build processes and used Jenkins along with Shell or Python scripts to automate routine jobs.
●Used Jenkins to create CI/CD pipeline for Artifactory using the plugin provided by JFrog.
●Designed, Installed, and Implemented Ansible configuration management system and used Ansible to manage Web
●applications, Environment’s configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.
●Wrote Ansible playbooks with Python SSH as a wrapper to manage configurations and the test playbooks on AWS
●instances using Python.
● Experienced in Installing, Configuring and Managing Docker Containers, Docker Images for Web Servers and
●Applications servers such as Apache, Tomcat using Docker and integrated with Amazon MySQL RDS database.
●Used scripting languages like Shell, Python, Ruby in various scenarios while assisting new recruits.

Environment: AWS, Terraform, Ansible, Git, GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, Ant, Gradle, Artifactory, Docker, Python, Shell, Bash, PowerShell, Apache Tomcat, Kubernetes, Virtualization, Configured plug-ins for Apache HTTP server, Nginx, GitHub/Bitbucket

Client: Bank of America, Charlotte, NC Oct 2019 – Jun 2021
Role: Senior DevOps Engineer
Provisioning resources in cloud providers like AWS using Terraform and cloudformation. Creating and managing complex CI/CD pipelines and taking care of regular deployments. On call production support and deploying microservices in Kubernetes cluster using Ansible. Integrated pipeline with Docker, Maven, Sonarqube, Selenium testing and Ansible to manage CI/CD pipelines.

Responsibilities:
●Highly motivated and committed Cloud and DevOps Engineer experienced in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AWS cloud environment and Data centers.
●Involved in Migrating Source code from GIT to GITHUB, Migrating pipelines, user permissions, work items from one instance to another instance.
●Develop and enforce security standard methodologies, processes and tools and Ensure compliance to enterprise architecture, security policies, and operational procedure using tools like Gitgaurdian, GitLeaks and GitHub Secret scanning .
●Migrated 100+ TFS repos to GITHUB using migration tools (BOFA-Migrate)
●Involved in creating NUGet packages(.nupkg) using TemaCity CI tool
●Involved in designing and deploying a multitude of applications utilizing almost all the AWS stack including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, LAMBDA, REDSHIFT, focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance and auto-scaling in AWS cloud formation.
●Supported AWS cloud environment with 200+ AWS instances and configured Elastic IP & Elastic Storage and experience in working on implemented Security groups and Network ACLs.
●Configured AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Groups and Users for improved login authentication. Provided policies to groups using policy generator and set different permissions based on the requirement along with providing Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
●Worked on AWS CloudWatch, CloudFormation, Cloud Trail services and CloudFront to setup and manage cached content delivery. Created Elastic load balancers (ELB) and used Route53 with failover and latency options for high availability and fault tolerance.
●Experience in implementing AWS lambda to run servers without managing them and to trigger run code by S3 and SNS.
●Implemented AWS Code Pipeline and Created Cloud formation JSON templates in Terraform for infrastructure as code.
●Infrastructure like Apache Tomcat, JDK, and configuration tasks for new environments.
●Extensively worked on ansible deployments, written various ansible playbooks with multiple roles, tasks with loops, templates, service management, host variables, group variables etc.
●Used Ansible to manage Web applications, Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.
●Responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery process implementation using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
●Integrated Ant and Maven with Jenkins to run to automate the build process as a part of continuous delivery.
●Experience in working with EC2 Container Service plugin in Jenkins which automates the Jenkins master-slave configuration by creating temporary slaves.
●Integrating Defect tracking tool JIRA with Confluence and Jenkins CI server for identifying, logging and, tracking and documenting defects/issues in real-time.
●Focused on containerization and immutable infrastructure. Docker has been core to this experience, along with Kubernetes.
●Created Docker images using a Docker file. Worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images and managing docker volumes and experienced with Docker container service.
●Involved in SCRUM ceremonies (stand-up, grooming, planning, demo/review and retrospective) with the teams to ensure successful project forecasting and realistic commitments.
●Maintain a Live Like environment to test any production issues on the setup and push it into production.
●Configure and maintain stress server in different geographical location and provide setup in every release to perform stress testing.
●Configuration Management using Subversion (SVN) and maintaining admin related files.
●Automating the regular tasks in Subversion and streamlining the process of access to SVN.
●Migrated Projects from SVN to GIT.

Environment: Redhat Linux 7.x, AWS, ElasticSearch, LogStash and Kibana (ELK), Chef, Ant, Maven, Jenkins, Shell, Jira, Python, Oracle, WebLogic Server 11g, Load Balancers, WLST, Apache Tomcat, Docker, Kubernetes, Virtualization, Configured plug-ins for Apache HTTP server, Nginx, LDAP, JDK1.7, XML, SVN, GitHub/Bitbucket

Client: Credit Suisse, Zurich, Switzerland Oct 2018 – Sep 2019
Role: Senior DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Worked on AWS cloud to provision new instances, S3 Storage Services, AWS EC2, CloudWatch services and CI/CD pipeline management through Jenkins and Created IAM policies for administration in AWS to assist type applications.
●Responsible for designing, implementing and supporting of cloud-based infrastructure and its solutions. Worked on security groups, network ACL's, internet gateways and route tables to ensure a secure zone for organization in AWS public cloud. Also, developed Java APIs for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.
●Involved in migrating the applications to AWS cloud for hosting. Designed auto scaling group to spin up/down the servers and was responsible to send notifications through SNS for every activity occurred in the cloud environment and automated all configurations using Ansible.
●Implemented Blue/Green Deployments with AWS Code Deploy where new version of application is tested in deployment other than in-place deployment and then traffic is diverted into the latest deployment.
●Worked with Terraform for automating VPC's, ELB's, security groups, SQS queues, S3 buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure. Written Templates for AWS infrastructure as a code using Terraform to build staging and production environments.
● Developed & maintained Infrastructure as code using CI/CD deployments using Terraform. Also, developed and tested environments of different applications by provisioning Kubernetes clusters on AWS using Docker, Ansible, and Terraform.
●Extensively worked on Jenkins CI/CD pipeline jobs for end-to-end automation to build, test and deliver artifacts and troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process.
●Built Scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to another environment.
● Expertise in integrating Terraform with Ansible to create and Version the AWS Infrastructure.
●Performed Branching, Tagging, Release Activities on Version Control Tool GIT (GitHub)
●Deployed Kubernetes clusters on top of amazon EC2 instances using KOPS and managed local deployments in Kubernetes creating local clusters and deploying application containers and building/maintaining docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes and deployed Kubernetes using helm charts.
●Used docker container clusters to clone the production servers and implementing Kubernetes orchestration for clone’s production servers.
●Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant, auto scaling, Kubernetes AWS infrastructure and micro service container orchestration.
●Developed Docker images to support Development and Testing Teams and their pipelines and distributed Jenkins, JMeter images, and Elastic Search, Log stash & Kibana (ELK).
●Configured Kubernetes Replication controllers to allow multiple pods such as Jenkins master server in multiple minions.
●Experience in using Tomcat, JBoss and WebLogic Application servers for deployments.
●Experienced in automation using Python, Ruby and UNIX Shell/bash scripting.

Environment: AWS, Terraform, Ansible, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, ELK, ANT, Maven, Shell, PowerShell, Python, Tomcat, JBoss, WebLogic, Oracle, MYSQL, MSSQL, DynamoDB.

Client: FMB Capitals, Mauritius Feb 2017 – Oct 2018
Role: AWS DevOps Engineer
Worked on investment banking and capital investment banking application to perform Front Office, Mid Office, Back Office and Risk operations. Creating CI/CD pipelines and taking care of regular deployments. Understanding the needs and challenges of a client across operations and development, and partner to formulate solutions that support the business and technical strategies and goals.

Responsibilities:
●Configured Jenkins as continuous integration tool and automated build and deployments to various environments.
●Participate in ECAB/CCB meeting for getting Release Approvals.
●Triggering build from Jenkins and managing release artifacts
●Preparing implementation plan for monthly releases and coordinating deployments.
●Planning and execution of Production Releases as per Agile commit.
●Following JIRA & Confluence for Dev updates and any changes to Release Plan (Release Scope).
●Managing the Kubernetes cluster that includes scaling up and down the AWS app nodes.
●Experience working on several Docker components like Docker Engine, Docker Hub, Docker machine, Docker compose and Docker registry the complete installation and hosting was automated with AWS cloud formation and Terraform
●Proficient with container systems like Docker and container orchestration like EC2 Container Service, Kubernetes, worked with Terraform.
●Used Splunk tool in order to analyze the logs in the applications.
●Involved in handling various Incident and request related to the application.
●Involved in installing and using Splunk app for Linux and UNIX.
●Involved in developing complex scripts to automate batch jobs.
●Manage Splunk configuration files like inputs, props, transforms, and lookups.
●Worked on T SQL queries and altering and defining for related data bases.
●Deployed and maintained the web application utilizing Docker and Kubernetes for scalability and security.
●Installing and configuring source code management repository, according to the custom needs developer's team,
●Performing source code management like branching, merging, and tagging in Git, and resolve the merge conflicts,
●Working with Git and Jenkins CI/CD Continuous Integration of Server-Installation, Configuration and Design.
●Set up Jenkins on build server and build jobs to provide continues automated builds based on polling the GitHub source code system during the day and periodic scheduled to builds overnight to support development need to Jenkins, created plans, jobs, and tasks, stages, conduct the automatic builds for projects.
●Configure Slack for notification, Teamwork in Slack happens in channels a single place for messaging, tools and files - helping everyone save time and collaborate together If the build fails or Success then the concerned team will be notified.
●User Maven for builds jobs, jar, war, ear artifacts which are we deployed in Tomcat server
●If the build the successful, then Jenkins deploys the built in the test servers like Tomcat. And this artifact saves in nexus repository server.
●Build and manage real time, monitoring dashboards using Elastic Search-Logstash-Kibana (ELK’S).
●Experienced in installing, configuring, and managing RDBMS and NoSQL tools like Elastic Search, MongoDB (NoSQL) and Cassandra DB.
●These activities are creating a pipeline.
●Creating of Organization, Environment, and users in Ansible Server.
●Creating Docker images, Docker Registry and handling multiple images.
●Creating, maintaining and monitoring Jenkins build jobs. Managing Jenkins plugins installation/update and user access.
●Implemented multiple CI/CD pipelines as part of DevOps role for on-premises and cloud-based software using Jenkins, Chef and AWS.

Environment: Linux, VMware vSphere v6.0, AWS, Puppet, Jenkins, Git, Apache HTTPD, VPC, Route53, SQL, ELB, Terraforms, Cloud Formation, Docker, Jira, AWS CLI, AWS Auto Scaling, Java/J2EE, Maven, Unix/Linux, Python, PowerShell/Shell scripting, Git, Web pack, Nginx, Splunk and NodeJs

Client: Bank of Mauritius, Mauritius Sep 2015 – Jan 2017
Role: DevOps Engineer
AWS Devops and responsible for Infrastructure, deploying, cloud application AWS platform manage, and maintain tools to automate operational processes. Continuous deployment is a core concept in this project.

Responsibilities:
●Primary duties include Build and Deployment of the java applications onto different environments Dev, QA and UAT.
●Generated Ant, Maven, Perl & UNIX scripts for build activities in QA, Staging and Production environments.
●Worked on the transition project which involves migration activities from Ant to Maven in order to standardize the build across all the applications.
●Managed Users and Groups in SVN and involved in troubleshooting client spec issues and user issues.
●Automated the deployment and server bounce process is by creating the scripts using WebLogic Scripting Tool (WLST).
●Build artifacts (WAR’s and EAR’s) are deployed into a Weblogic app server by integrating the WLST scripts to Shell Scripts.
●Maintained configuration files for each application for build purpose and installed on different environments.
●Directed the Release Management Calls to synchronize with the Developers, Testers and DBA teams for successful Release.
●Used Maven dependency management system to deploy snapshot and release artifacts to Nexus to share artifacts across projects.
●Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant and Maven to schedule the builds.
●Work with development/testing, deployment, systems/infrastructure and project teams to ensure continuous operation of build and test systems.
●Presented reports to the Project manager about the progress and issues tracking key project Milestones, plans and resources.

Environment: Java/J2EE, Subversion, Jenkins, JIRA, OpenStack, Maven, GIT, ANT, Puppet, AWS, Python, Remedy, Unix Shell Scripting, C++

Client: Bank of America, China Feb 2011 – Aug 2015
Role: Build Release Engineer
Was responsible for Build and Deployment of the Finacle applications onto different environments Dev, QA and UAT

Responsibilities:
●Implementing new projects builds framework using Jenkins & maven as build framework tools
●Involved in Setup and Configuration of Ansible Configuration Management.
●Installed and configured an automated tool Ansible on host
●Created and updated Ansible manifest files and stored in the GIT repository.
●Generated Ant, Maven, Perl & UNIX scripts for build activities in QA, Staging and Production environments.
●Worked on the transition project which involves migration activities from Ant to Maven in order to standardize the build across all the applications.
●Managed Users and Groups in SVN and involved in troubleshooting client spec issues and user issues.
●Automated the deployment and server bounce process is by creating the scripts using WebLogic Scripting Tool (WLST).
●Build artifacts (WAR’s and EAR’s) are deployed into a Weblogic app server by integrating the WLST scripts to Shell Scripts.
●Maintained configuration files for each application for build purpose and installed on different environments.
●Directed the Release Management Calls to synchronize with the Developers, Testers and DBA teams for successful Release.
●Used Maven dependency management system to deploy snapshot and release artifacts to Nexus to share artifacts across projects.
●Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant and Maven to schedule the builds.
●Work with development/testing, deployment, systems/infrastructure and project teams to ensure continuous operation of build and test systems.
●Presented reports to the Project manager about the progress and issues tracking key project Milestones, plans and resources.

Environment: Java/J2EE, Subversion, Jenkins, JIRA, OpenStack, Maven, GIT, ANT, Puppet, AWS, Python, Remedy, Unix Shell Scripting, C++

Client: Motorola, Hyderabad, India Dec 2008 – Feb 2011
Role: Software Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Developed Reports using Java Utility classes.
●Involved in creation of Queries and Mapped to Java Objects Using AWT framework.
●Used Tiles Framework for Developing Reusable User Interface Components.
●Involved in Code Review and Processes.
●Worked on Enhancements and Defect Fixing

Environment: Java 2.0 (JDK 1.4), JDBC, MS SQL Server 2003, GO XML 6.1 and VSS

Client: Blackboard Academic Suite Apr 2006 – Dec 2008
Employer & Location: Applabs, Hyderabad, India
Role: Software Engineer

Responsibilities:
●Designing of screens using JSP with Struts TagLib and form validations using Struts framework.
●Involved in developing the product using Servlets, and JSP, DAO’s.
●Involved in development of JReports.
●Worked on Change Requests and Defect Fixing

Environment: Java 2.0 (JDK 1.4), JDBC, MS SQL Server 2003, GO XML 6.1 and VSS
Contact this candidate