Karra Nikhil Reddy
Irving, TX ***** 469-***-**** nikhilreddy38 ad3hob@r.postjobfree.com

Highly Accomplished Professional with over 6+ years of experience excelling in Linux systems, site reliability engineerz, build / release, IT Infrastructure Engineer and Clouds Devops engineer capacities to excel within challenging project, process, and operational environments. Top Performer who delivers impactful results by configuring Jenkins pipelines, implementing Microservices frameworks with Spring Boot and Node.js, and orchestrating deployment workflows. Influential Change Agent who engineers and maintains CI / CD pipelines using Jenkins and ensures seamless build, test, and deployment processes. Ambitious Self-Starter who automates tasks with Lambda functions and Ansible scripts for configuration management, and who offers solid critical thinking and problem-solving skills, as well as sharp attention to detail.

Technical Summary
Programming Languages: Python Groovy Bash Scripting
Scripting Languages: Shell Ruby Python PowerShell
Operating Systems: Windows Linux UNIX Centos red hat
Cloud Services: Amazon Web Services: EC2 S3 ELB Elastic Beanstalk
Elastic Filesystem RDS Route 53 CloudWatch CloudFront
Version Control Tools: GIT GitHub Gitlab Bitbucket SVN
Automation Tools: Chef Puppet Ansible Terraform
Build Tools: Maven Gradle NPM
Containerization Tools: Docker Kubernetes.
Networking: Load Balancing NAT TCP/P DHCP DNS
Project Management: Jira ServiceNow
Web Servers: WebLogic Apache Tomcat WebSphere
Others: Microsoft Outlook Microsoft office 365 Trello Google Drive Asana

Education & Professional Development

Master in Computer & Information Science Southern Arkansas University
Bachelor of Electronics & Communications Engineering Sri Indu College of Engineering

Professional experience

Sapphire Software Solutions, Inc., Virginia, USA 2023 – Present
Environment: Python C C++ OpenShift Linux Docker Kubernetes Splunk VPC
Microservices Groovy GIT SVN JIRA AWS Ansible Slack DNS Kibana
DHCP NTP Datadog Kafka Cassandra EBS EC2 Lambda Elasticsearch
Spring Boot Node.JS Atlassian Jenkins RDS CloudWatch CloudFront Route 53

AWS DevOps Engineer
Excel in working in container-based technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift) while serving as a “go-to” team player on OpenShift for creating new projects, services for load balancing, troubleshooting Pods through SSH and logs, and modification of build configs, templates, and image streams, among others.
Demonstrate proven use of Splunk for configuration and installation process. Effectively provision and manage EC2 instances to consistently meet critical application scalability requirements. Implement Microservices framework with Spring Boot, Node.JS, and OpenShift containerization platform (OCP).
Leverage use of AWS services (e.g., EC2, VPC, RDS, Cloud technologies, CloudFormation, Cloud computing, CloudWatch, CloudFront, Route53). Create an environment on AWS platform, Kafka Cluster, and Cassandra Clusters. Implement system alerts on Datadog. Configure and manage network services
Configure and deploy application packages onto the Apache Tomcat server. Implement a new ELK cluster for enterprise logging and Maintained Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana. Use Elastic Beanstalk for streamlined deployment of web applications. Install and upgrade Splunk apps and handle configurations.
Enable user to use Git and SVC by implementing Git mirror for SVN repository. Configure automation and centralized management with Ansible and Cobbler. Implement Ansible to manage servers and automate the build / configuration of new servers. Use monitoring tool Jira, triage issues, and maintain all bugs.

In process of implementing new OCR solutions – Spring Boot, OpenShift, and Microservices, and co-develop containerized applications – Docker, Spring Boot, Kubernetes, and OpenShift.
Scheduled, deployed, and managed container replicas onto a node cluster using Kubernetes, converted VM applications to Microservices, and deployed as Kubernetes-managed container.
Created Docker Slave Nodes for Jenkins using custom Docker Images and pulled them to ECR.
Consistently guided SMEs in the use of Splunk to create dashboards, reports, and alerts.
Reduced manual intervention by automating routine tasks by leveraging Lambda functions.
Karra Nikhil Reddy 469-***-**** Page Two

Sapphire Software Solutions, Inc., Virginia, USA (continued)

AWS DevOps Engineer

Contributed experience with AWS Ansible Python Script to generate inventory and push the deployment to manage the configurations of multiple servers using Ansible.
Developed an API for managing monitoring and alerting hardware resources in a Linux OS environment using C#, C++, mono framework, and integration with Linux modules and protocols.
Continually focused on containerization and immutable infrastructure, Docker has been core to this, along with Marathon and Kubernetes from the logs and database in the required format.
Executed jobs for a continuous integration pipeline where “Groovy Jenkins Plugin” and “Groovy Post-Build Action Plugin” are used as a build step and post-build actions.

The SCCL Ltd., Hyderabad, India 2019 – 2022
Environment: WebLogic JBoss RDS Spark – SQL Databricks Docker Kubernetes
Python Linux Bash Ruby Perl Puppet Chef Maven Jira Ansible
Confluence CI/CD Pipeline AWS S3 Buckets Kafka Spark EC2 XML
HTML Angular JS JavaScript SAAS PAAS Java WebSphere Jenkins GIT

Devops Engineer
Strategically steered the development and implementation of software release management for release of web applications. Engineered and maintained Jenkins CI / CD pipelines, automated Microservices-based applications’ build, test, and deployment processes. Developed Python scripts for automating routine tasks.
Utilized XML Web services with SOAP protocol for transferring data between different applications, Ansible Tower to schedule playbooks and the GIT repository to store our playbooks, and Docker containers and Docker consoles for managing application lifecycle. Set up automated build on Docker HUB and deployed Core OS Kubernetes Clusters to manage Docker containers with lightweight Docker Images as base files.
Developed Spark applications using Spark-SQL in Databricks for data extraction and transformation. Tested SAAS and PAAS API platform built on Java and Open-source stack. Used JavaScript and AngularJS directives for validation purposes and Angular JS framework to bind HTML template to JavaScript.
Effectively worked on Apache Hadoop and used Kafka for the messaging system and Spark to process large data sets. Created S3 buckets, managed policies for S3 buckets, and utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS. Supported WebSphere, WebLogic, and JBoss application Server.

Expertly used JIRA, triaged highly complex issues, and maintained bugs using the JIRA tool.
Used EC2, S3, and RDS while designing and deploying a scalable, resilient infrastructure on AWS.
Successfully launched Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using Amazon Images (Linux / Ubuntu), as well as configuring launched instances concerning specific applications.
Seamlessly implemented Prometheus and Grafana for monitoring containerized applications, as well as providing real-time insights into optimized system performance.
Improved scalability and portability across development, testing, and production environments by implementing Docker for containerization of applications.
Integrated security practices into CI / CD pipeline, including efficiently incorporating code analysis tools and vulnerability scanners.

Tech Indya IT Services Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad, India 2016 – 2019
Environment: Windows Server GIT VMware TCP/IP DNS DHCP SAN
NAS Firewalls Access Controls Bash Scripts Linux Server
Ansible Nagios MySQL ServiceNow Nginx Cassandra Kafka

Sys Admin / Linux Admin
Ensured optimal performance and security for critical applications by configuring and managing Windows Server environments. Developed Software Release Management processes, including key documentation.
Designed and maintained Subversion / GIT Repositories, views, and access control. Automated build and release management processes, including change monitoring. Implemented TCP / IP networking protocols, DNS, and DHCP configurations. Managed SAN and NAS solutions to optimize storage-specific efficiency.
Enhanced security posture of critical systems by implementing firewalls, encryption protocols, and access controls. Deployed and managed Ansible playbooks for configuration management and optimized consistency. Conducted basic database administration tasks for MySQL databases for ongoing data integrity.
Skillfully maintained application-specific configuration files for building and installing on different environments. Integrated database deployment automation using Redgate SQL Change Automation and DB Up tools. Queried and analyzed data from Data Tax Cassandra for searching, sorting, and grouping.

Developed and tested critical backup and recovery procedures to ensure data integrity.
Encapsulated Business Rules in PL / SQL packages and the data written to the database.
Reduced repetitive tasks and manual errors by implementing Bash scripts for Linux server.
Identified and resolved system and network issues, technical Support, data collection & incident management,production support, including hardware and software failures.
Collaborated with Business Analysts and Project Managers to meet release and build deadlines.
Enabled proactive identification and resolution of performance issues by implementing Nagios.
Contact this candidate