KHIZAR MUSTAFA
***** ******** ad3j4y@r.postjobfree.com 929-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
A performance-oriented Linux and DevOps Engineer boasting 5 plus years of hands-on experience in the setup and administration of Linux servers across cloud and on prem. Demonstrates expertise in employing DevOps solutions like Git, Ansible, Terraform and Jenkins to facilitate the continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) of system provisioning, deployment, and overall lifecycle management.
SKILLS
LINUX CENTOS REDHAT UBUNTU AWS AZURE GIT ANSIBLE DOCKER KUBERNETES VMWARE NFS DNS DHCP FTP RAID LOGICAL VOLUME MANAGER DELL HP NGINX APACHE BITBUCKET SERVICENOW NAGIOS JENKINS BAMBOO ORACLE DEVOPS WINDOWS POWERSHELL SHELL SCRIPTING TERRAFORM JENKINS CRON YUM RED HAT SATELLITE 6.X GLUSTERFS SAN NAS SAMBA FTP SFTP SCP RSYNC AMAZON WEB SERVICE ORACLE LINUX ORACLE CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE BASH PYTHON SYSCTL SYSTEMD INIT
EDUCATION
Kingsborough College
EXPERIENCE
Linux System Engineer
Kroger Technology & Digital
Duration: 01/2021 - Present
●Strong problem-solving skills evidenced by the ability to identify issues, develop innovative solutions, and implement them efficiently.
●Demonstrated leadership qualities in guiding team members, fostering a positive work culture, and inspiring collective achievement.
●Outstanding time management and organizational skills, consistently meeting deadlines and prioritizing tasks effectively.
●Excellent interpersonal skills, fostering relationships with clients, stakeholders, and team members to ensure project success.
●Implemented Bitbucket and ServiceNow for issue tracking and collaboration, increasing efficiency and collaboration among development teams.
●Architected, provisioned, deployed and managed Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers in a hybrid environment of cloud and on prem.
●Created server profiles using Red Hat Satellite streamlining subscription, repository, and content view management
●Implemented Git, Ansible, Docker, and Kubernetes for continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) of applications.
●Configured and managed VMware virtual machines for development and testing environments.
●Monitored system performance and availability using Nagios, alerting teams proactively to potential issues.
●Implemented and managed Bitbucket and Git for version control, ensuring efficient collaboration among development teams.
●Worked alongside DBA’s assisting with installation of Oracle, MySQL, and PostgreSQL databases, alongside allocating storage needs.
●Design and implementation of puppet based configuration systems for all new Linux machines
●Solid experience with Linux (Ubuntu, CentOs) administration.
●Installation of RedHat Linux using kickstart and applying security policies to server based on the corporate policies
●Experience in troubleshooting security, backup, performance monitoring, disaster recovery and fine tuning unix RedHat systems
●Proficient in writing and implementing various Ansible playbooks and roles to automate daily repetitive tasks within team responsibilities
●Expertise in utilizing cloud computing platform,specifically Amazon web server (AWS),Microsoft Azure and Google cloud platform(GCP)
●Developed documentation for reusable builds for Ant, Mavin and Apache/tomcat deployments in Linux environments.
●Troubleshoot and resolve system issues,minimize downtime to ensure smooth operation
Linux system administration
Dell Tech
Duration: 11/2018 - 01/2021
●Proactive attitude towards feedback, leveraging constructive criticism to enhance performance and drive personal growth.
●Exceptional attention to detail, ensuring accuracy and precision in all tasks and deliverables.
●Strong work ethic characterized by reliability, accountability, and a results-driven approach to achieving goals.
●Provided technical support to end-users and resolved system-related issues, ensuring minimal downtime and business continuity.
●Provision planning, deployment, and managed Linux (CentOS, RedHat, Ubuntu) servers in a physical (HP) and virtual environment across Vmware vCenter.
●Maintained and managed NFS, DNS, DHCP, FTP, RAID, and LVM for storage and file sharing purposes, providing seamless access to data across all servers.
●Worked cross teams such as Network Admins assisting with network devices, including switches, routers, and firewalls, providing a reliable and secure network infrastructure.
●Troubleshooted issues related to DNS and DHCP services, ensuring seamless network connectivity across all Linux systems.
●Implemented RAID and LVM for storage purposes, providing efficient and reliable storage solutions for OS and critical data filesystem.
●Conducted server patching and upgrades, ensuring system security and compliance with industry standards.
●Worked alongside Web admins to configure and manage Apache and Nginx web servers, ensuring high performance and scalability for web applications.
●Monitored system performance and availability using Nagios, alerting teams proactively to potential issues.
●Experience in creating and managing user accounts, security groups, rights, disk space management and process monitoring for Linux systems.
●Proficient with installing firmware upgrades, kernel patching and system configuration for unix/linux systems.
●Hands on experience with kickstarting linux/unix systems and VMware ESX on multiple systems.
●Install, configure and manage LAMP (Linux/Apache/MySql/PHP) stack.
●Created volume groups, logical volumes and mounted partitions for linux systems according to build requirements.
Contact this candidate