Name: Shreya Kalagadda
Email: ad3kiw@r.postjobfree.com
Phone No: +1-408-***-****
Job Role: Sr. DevOps Engineer

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Around 7 years of work experience as DevOps Engineer in Software Configuration Management (SCM) which includes DevOps Build/Release Management, Cloud Management and Change/Incident Management.
Primary duties include coming up with a combination of Automation/Tools and Processes to achieve Continuous Delivery/ Continuous Integration for various applications by integrating various tools like Jenkins, Git, Jira, Puppet/Chef, Maven/Gradle various testing frameworks like Junit, Selenium, Cucumber, SoapUl, Jmeter, various App servers like WebLogic, WebSphere, Boss along with establishing process for Code Promotion within the Enterprise to move code from Dev, QA, SIT, Stage and Prod Environments.
Expertise in working with AWS provided Solutions like EC2 and ELB which includes Creating EC2 instances, adding EBS volumes for EC2 and familiar with VPC, Route 5, RDS, 53, IAM, SNS, SQS, SWF, SES, Auto scaling, Storage gateway, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud formation and Cloud Watch.
Experience working with Apache Hadoop, Kafka, Spark, and Log stash.
Worked with Apache Kafka for High throughput for both publishing and subscribing, with disk structures that provide constant performance even with many terabytes of stored messages.
Used Apache spark for processing large sets of data volumes for rapid processing and enhancing the output.
Experienced in branching, tagging, and maintaining the version across the environments using SCM tools like GIT, Subversion (SVN) and TFS on Linux and windows platforms.
Experience in implementing Nginx as ingress controller on Kubernetes.
Experience and knowledge in orchestrating Kubernetes cluster on AWS and private cloud.
Worked on installation of Docker using Docker toolbox. Server setup and nginx including F5 load balancing.
Worked with OpenShift platform in managing Docker containers and Kubernetes Clusters
Hands on experience in using version control tools like Subversion (SVN), GIT, GitHub and Bitbucket.
Experience in implementing Horizontal Pod Autoscaler on Kubernetes.
Built clouds with AWS, AZURE, and Rackspace.
Hands on experience with Azure Development, having worked on Azure web applications, App services, Azure storage, Azure SQL Database, Virtual Machines, Fabric Controller, Azure AD, Azure search, and Notification Hub, and an and plenty of experience designing, configuring, and deploying solutions on Microsoft Azure using ARM Templates.
Experience in writing code in Perl to develop and deploy continuous test cases, in combination with Ci tools like Jenkins.
Created and wrote shell scripts (Bash), Ruby and Python for automating tasks.
Developed Python and shell scripts for automation of the build and release process.
Improve efficiency, and scalability of the continuous integration environment wherever possible using Python, Ruby, Shell and PowerShell Scripts.
Good experience in maintaining a Hybrid IT environment configuration encompassing many aspects of Linux System Administration like Automating OS Installations, RAID, Security Hardening, Capacity Planning, VM patching etc.
Knowledge of Puppet as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively manage change.
Used various components like Hiera, Mcollective, PuppetDB, Facter etc. while writing various manifests and modules in Puppet.
Wrote custom puppet modules for managing the full application stack (Tomcat/httpd/MySQL/Java) and streamlined email infrastructure.
Implemented multi-tier application provisioning in AWS, Openstack Cloud and integrating it with Chef/Puppet.
Knowledge of databases like MS SQL, MySQL, Oracle 10g/11g and MongoDB.
Maintained local team repositories and the central repositories of the Organization for Maven.
Experience in using bug tracking systems like JIRA, Remedy, IBM Rational ClearQuest and Lighthouse.
Strong attitude towards enhancing and learning new tools and technologies.
Capable of handling multiple tasks and working effectively both in a group and as an individual to meet deadlines.
Good knowledge of using Artifactory repositories like ANT, Maven.
Created and maintain Continuous Integration Process Documentation.
Expertise in executing scripts – XML, Perl scripts, ANT scripts, Shell scripts.
Hands on developing and executing Python scripting.

EDUCATION:

Masters in Electrical Engineering (at Northern Illinois University).

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Build Tools
ANT, Maven, Gradle
Configuration Management Tools
Puppet, Chef, Ansible
CI Tools
Jenkins, Bamboo
Automated Test Tools
Junit, Selenium
Container Technologies
Docker, Kubernetes
Cloud Technologies
AWS, Azure, Openstack
Web Technologies
HTML, XML, JavaScript
Web/App Servers
Apache Tomcat, Oracle Apps
Bug Tracking
JIRA, Remedy, IBM Rational ClearQuest and Lighthouse
Scripting Languages
Python, Shell, Ruby
Version Control
Git, SVN, Bitbucket
Operating Systems
Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10, Linux (RHEL 4/5/6/7)
Database
MS SQL, MySQL, Oracle 10g/11g and MongoDB
Monitoring Tools
Splunk, AppDynamics
IDE
SQL Developer, TOADDatabase: Oracle, PL/SQL, MySQL, MS SQL, SQL server
SDLC
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Role: DevOps Engineer
Client: Centene Corporation, MO
August 2021 – Present
Responsibilities:
Implemented rapid-provisioning and life-cycle management for Linux using Amazon EC2, Chef, and custom Ruby/Bash scripts.
Deployed Puppet, Puppet dashboard for configuration management to existing infrastructure.
Experience in managing virtual instances and disks using Puppet.
Worked on Managing the Private Cloud Environment using Chef.
Extensive experience in Application Deployments and Environment configuration using Chef, Puppet, Ansible.
Wrote Chef Recipes to manage configurations and automate installation process.
Experience in working various AWS Components like EC2, VPC, S3, ELB and IAM. Deployed, configured, and troubleshoot instances, containers services, PCs, and server applications using Chef and Puppet.
Developed and supported key pieces of the company's AWS cloud infrastructure. Built and managed a large deployment of Ubuntu Linux instances systems with OpsCode.
Integrated Kafka with Flume in sand box Environment using Kafka source and Kafka sink.
Used Flume and Kafka to aggregate log data into HDFS.
Used Kafka to collect Website activity and Stream processing.
Worked with application teams to install operating system, Hadoop updates, patches, version upgrades as required. Integrated Kafka with Spark in sand box Environ.
Responsible for Installing, setup and Configuring Apache Kafka and Apache Zookeeper.
Experience in working on Mirantis OpenStack Components (Nova, Neutron, Cinder, Swift, Keystone, Fuel, and Ceilometer). Worked in multiple computes, controller, and storage node environment.
Created puppet manifests and modules to automate system operations.
Shell scripting for database start-ups, backups using bash shell scripting.
Configuring and implementing an OpenStack SDN infrastructure to enable massive dynamic scaling of compute and storage resources.
Committing, clustering Docker hosts, and inspecting Docker containers on OpenStack and AWS cloud environments.
Hosted applications with AWS cloud.
Create AWS CL commands to create Amazon EC2 Containers.
Integrated Maven with Jenkins for the builds as the Continuous integration process.
Used Docker containers for managing development environments through creation of Linux virtual containers.
Responsible for configuring the apps to OpenShift V3, and containerization of apps using docker.
Develop Docker based infrastructure - Mesos, Kubernetes
Debug existing automation code and test to confirm functionality within AWS/EC2.
Build servers in cloud based and physical infrastructure.
High availability testing (both Data platform and API platform), Failover and Operations testing for multi region Amazon AWS product implementations.
Created deployment workflows in Jenkins which includes prerelease, release, and Post release steps.
Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all micro-services builds out to the Docker-registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Developed Jenkins Architecture, with Master and Slave Systems and Configured Jenkins Projects with Subversion, GIT.
Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant, auto scaling Kubernetes AWS infrastructure and microservice container orchestration.
Environment: Cloud AWS Servers, Jenkins, Jira, Tomcat, Cloud Foundry, WebSphere Application Server 5.x/6.x/7.x/8.x, Ansible 1.9/2.x, BOSS, Sonar, Nexus, API Platforms, Apigee, SOAP UI, Kafka, Docker, Mesos, Marathon, Python, Puppet, Git.

Role: DevOps/ Build& Release Engineer
Client: Broadridge Financial Solutions, NY
Jan 2020 - July 2021

Responsibilities:

Created and deployed VMs on the Microsoft cloud service Azure, created and managed the virtual networks to connect all the servers and designed ARM templates for Azure platform.
Worked on Azure Fabric, Microservices, loT & Docker containers in and involved in setting up Terraform continuous build integration system. Used Azure Internal Load Balancer to provide high availability for LaaS VMs & PaaS role instances.
Created and deployed VMs on the Microsoft cloud service Azure, created and managed the virtual networks to connect all the servers and designed ARM templates for Azure platform.
Led implementation of Azure Active Directory for single sign-on access to thousands of cloud SaaS applications like Office 365, Dropbox. Also configured Azure Role-based Access Control (RBAC) to segregate duties within our team and grant only the amount of access to users that they need to perform their jobs.
Configured three types of blobs, block blobs, page blobs, and append blobs in Azure for storing a large amount of unstructured object data such as text or binary data, that can be accessed from anywhere via HTTP or HTTPS.
Provided CM and Build support for more than 4 different applications, built, and deployed to lower and higher environments. Defined and Implemented CM and Release Management Processes, Policies and Procedure.
Automated the release pipeline to achieve zero touch deployments using Jenkins, GIT.
Developed and integrated the deployment process in Cl environment using Jenkins.
Configured and maintained Hudson to implement the CI process and integrated the tool with Ant and Maven to schedule the builds. Took the sole responsibility to
maintain the CI Jenkins server.
Installed, Configured, Administer Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration Tool.
Monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has integrated Ansible with Run deck and Jenkins.
Use of Ansible for environment automation, configuration management and provisioning Setting up playbooks to deploy, manage, test, and configure software onto the hosts.
Developed automation framework for Application Deployments to the cloud environments.
Automated Continuous Build and Deploy Scripts for Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration tool.
Installed, Configured, Administer Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration Tool.
Support application deployments, building new systems and upgrading and patching existing ones through DevOps methodologies.
Experience in working with an Agile / Scrum environment and daily stand-up meetings.
Created CI/CD Pipelines in Azure DevOps environments by giving their dependencies and tasks.
Identify and drive opportunities to improve CI/CD cloud infrastructure.
Experience in Continuous Integration and Deployments (CI/CD) using build tools like Jenkins, TeamCity, MAVEN, and ANT. Wrote scripts to automate Build.
Configured virtual hosts and transports for WebSphere application servers.
Created and Maintained Chef Recipes and Cookbooks to simplify and expedite deployment of applications and mitigate user error.
Pilot and implement new, and emerging DevOps technologies align with CI/CD operations Tools and Technologies.
Analyse and resolve conflicts related to merging of source code for SN/GIT.
Worked with JIRA for issue tracking.

Environment: Azure (IAAS, PAAS), Windows server 2012/R2/2013, SQL server, VSTS, Windows PowerShell, Azure Storage, Docker, Ruby, Bash, Chef, Jenkins, Maven, Puppet, Bash, NT command shell, ANT, Gradle, GitHub.

Role: DevOps/ Build& Release Engineer
Client: Huawei Technologies, India
June 2017 – December 2019

Responsibilities:

Responsible for technology research, budgeting, feasibility, evaluation and proof of concept.
Managing the code migration from TFS, CVS and Star team to Subversion repository.
Using Jenkins AWS Code Deploy plug-in to deploy to AWS.
Used Jenkins & Nexus to build code from Subversion and deploy to Testing and Developing environments.
Collaborate in the automation of AWS infrastructure via terraform and Jenkins - software and services configuration via chef cookbooks.
Implemented continuous integration using Jenkins.
Managed and optimize the Continuous Delivery tools like Jenkins.
Converting production support scripts to chef recipes.
Written wrapper scripts to automate the deployment of cookbooks on nodes and running the chef-client on them in a Chef-Solo environment.
Built, configured, and supported Application team environments.
Automated Weekly releases with ANT/Maven scripting for Compiling Java Code, Debugging and Placing Builds into Maven Repository.
Integrated Maven with Jenkins for the builds as the Continuous integration process.
Provide project management assistance to the Project Manager for any size project such as:
Ensure reduction of defect count by addressing the defects as soon as possible while targeting the critical and high alert issues first.
Segregate defects based on the priority and work accordingly to rectify the defects.
Estimate developer efforts and maintain track of the existing and newly added defects count.
Troubleshoot and fix the bugs in the application.
Exposure in mapping business requirements & designing customized solutions.
Attended sprint planning sessions and daily sprint stand up meetings.
Maintained JIRA for tracking and updating project defects and tasks.
Utilize Jira for issue reporting, status, and activity planning.
Resolved update, merge, and password authentication issues in Gitlab and Jira.
Maintained Jira for tracking and updating project defects and tasks.
Experience in installation and implementation of AppDynamics on all Prod and Non-Prod.
Extensive work experience on Monitoring tools like AppDynamics, Dynatrace and New Relic in Installing, Configuring, and administering.
Well versed with user and plugin management for Jenkins.
Develop Docker based infrastructure - Mesos, Kubernetes.
Experience in implementing and hosting Docker and Kubernetes containers.
Automated Continuous Build and Deploy Scripts for Hudson/Jenkins Continuous Integration tool.
Responsible for scripting to automate the task using Shell.
Knowledge of Shell scripting Apache rewrite rule.
Used ANT, Puppet/Chef scripts to build the application and deploy.
Excellent scripting and development skills in Python and Ruby.
Excellent knowledge of HTML 5/HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, SQL, and PL/SQL.

Environment: Shell Scripting, Subversion, ClearCase, Jenkins, Jira, GIT, Web Logic, Chef, Nexus, SonarQube, MS Build, Net, ANT, J2EE, Oracle, Web sphere, Eclipse, Puppet, Ruby, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Virtualization, Ansible, AppDynamics.

Role: Build Engineer
Client: Impiger Technologies, India
February 2015 - May 2017

Responsibilities:
Involved in Requirement Gathering, analysis, Design, Development, Unit Testing, Production Deployment and Warranty Support.
Automated SQL Scripts Deployment to Staging and production Databases.
Database administration and management (MySQL).
Responsible for coding the corresponding controllers.
Responsible for delivering the product features.
Debugging and testing of the applications and fine-tuning performance.
Good experience in software industry in the analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, custom designing solutions for complex information systems management.
Deft at efficiently managing & mentoring the resources thereby ensuring optimum organizational growth.
Participate in weekly meetings discussing new enhancements and developments.
Provide technical support for the modeling, planning, developing and execution of the projects.
Encapsulated Business Rules in PL/SQL packages and the data was written to the database in accordance with the business rules.
Used XML Web services with SOAP protocol for transferring data between different applications.
Hands on compiling builds using pom.xml and build.xml
Excellent command of ANT scripts for making all files local to the server.
Responsible for the branching and merging with the SVN SCM
Supported the QA and UAT bug fixes.
Troubleshoot and fix the bugs in the application.
Understand the architecture of the system for creating new design patterns, if required.

Environment: HTML, XML, Oracle 10g, PL/SQL, ANT, SVN
Contact this candidate