Bhargavi Reddy Pandilla
Email: ad3mql@r.postjobfree.com
Phone No: +1-806-***-****
CAREER OVERVIEW:
Accomplished IT professional with 9+ years of industry experience in varied roles from application maintenance and support, developer, to DevOps Engineer.
Professional Summary:
Expertise in implementing DevOps culture through CI/CD tools and configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet & Ansible.
Designed and implemented solutions with AWS IAM, VPC, EC2, ECS, EBS, RDS, S3, Lambda, ELB, Auto Scaling, Route 53, CloudFront, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, SQS, and SNS etc.
Extensively managed Network ACL's, EC2 and Security Groups in migrating physical servers to Cloud (AWS).
Proven track record in designing and developing custom components, plugins, and integrations within the Backstage.io platform.
Proficient in customizing and extending the Backstage.io framework, implementing UI/UX enhancements, and integrating with AWS services.
Proficient with Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl, Power Shell, JSON, YAML, and Groovy scripting languages.
Spearheaded the implementation of data engineering pipelines on Databricks, leveraging Spark for efficient data processing and analysis.
Experience in building sophisticated and highly automated infrastructure using automation frameworks such as CloudFormation, Terraform, and OpsWorks.
Experienced using Terraform for managing AWS Infrastructure as a code and collaborated in the automation of AWS infrastructure via Terraform and Jenkins.
Experience in automating infrastructure with Terraform by using Packer machine image artifacts to avoid vendor lock-in and to provide quick and accurate architecture.
Automated AMI's creation through pre-boot and bootstrapping instances using Shell and Python scripts.
Ability to deploy on AWS using build scripts (Boto3 & AWS CLI) and automated solutions using Shell and Python.
Experience in configuring AWS Identity & Access Management (IAM) by managing the user's new accounts, roles and groups.
Configured Inbound/Outbound in AWS Security Groups according to the requirements.
Set up Auto Scale of the instance group using AWS command line tools and AWS cloud environment for Dev/QA environments.
Experience in Blue/Green deployment strategy by creating new applications which are identical to the existing production environment using automation frameworks such as CloudFormation and Terraform templates.
Well-versed with deployment tools like XL Deploy, CodeDeploy, Octopus Deploy and Urban Code Deploy.
Good hands-on experience with Packer for creating updated AMI’s and managing AMI’s in the cloud.
Lead the successful conversion of Mainframe Binary files from EBCDIC to ASCII format and sharing data integrity and compatibility across diverse systems.
Implementation of Octopus to facilitate automated deployments to the QA, UAT and Prod environments to ensure software integrity.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deploy and maintain Databricks clusters, ensuring seamless data access and integration.
Deployed applications on multiple web servers, and maintained Load balancing, high availability by using AWS platform. Build & automate infrastructure deployments in the AWS cloud using PowerShell.
Have experience on version controls tools and repositories like GIT, SVN, Bitbucket, and CodeCommit.
Expertise in using build tools like ANT, Maven, Gradle for the building of deployable artifacts such as war & ear from source code.
Experience maintaining CI environments with build automation tools like Jenkins, Bamboo and TFS.
Extensively used Jenkins to streamline CI/CD process, automated several Master-Slave configurations using temporary slaves.
Last few years have focused on containerization and immutable infrastructure. Docker has been core to this experience, along with Mesos, Marathon and Kubernetes.
Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build, test, and deploy.
Good experience with OpenShift platform in managing Docker containers and Kubernetes Clusters. Streamlined installation of OpenShift on partner cloud infrastructure such as AWS.
Good experience in using Vagrant for built and maintenance of Virtual Environment.
Experience in developing and implementing infrastructure as code, automated provisioning and configuring using Chef, Puppet and Ansible.
Enhanced project agility by seamlessly incorporating Angular within DevOps frameworks optimizing collaboration and deployment efficiency.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to streamline workflows, enhancing overall development efficiency.
Utilized Git for effective source code management and version control.
Expertise in writing Chef/Puppet cookbooks/recipes to automate Infrastructure as a code (IAC).
Having good experience with Ansible to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Data Base, Commands, Users Mount Points, and Packages. Ansible to assist in building automation policies.
Efficient experience in using Nexus and Artifactory Repository managers for Maven builds.
Implemented Couchbase with SDKs to streamline data interactions, contributing to improved application efficiency and responsiveness across varied platforms
Tracked servers and resource performance using monitoring tools CloudWatch, Nagios, New Relic, and Splunk.
Experience with web and application servers such as Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, WebLogic, WebSphere and JBoss.
Extensively worked with automation tools like Jenkins, Hudson and Build Forge to implement the End to End Automation.
Worked with different Bug tracking tools like JIRA, Remedy, HP quality center and IBM clear quest.
Configured services like DNS, NIS, NFS, LDAP, SAMBA, Send Mail, FTP, Remote access on Linux.
Having good hands-on experience with Apache Kafka.
Install databases like Oracle 10g, 11g, MYSQL on Linux.
Have good knowledge of utilizing cloud technology and NoSQL database like Cassandra, Mongo DB database.
Experience in developing and implementing web applications using Java/J2EE Technologies.
Have experience in Design, Development and Deployment of Java web components on servers like Apache, WebSphere and WebLogic.
Have good knowledge with MongoDB clusters, Java scripting to load unstructured data into shading environment.
Familiar with installation & Management of packages, patches, maintenance of RPM updates on Linux.
Knowledge of Routers and Switches, Subnet, VLAN, TCP/IP, VPN, OSI model and Firewall (checkpoint).
Integrated C# seamlessly into DevOps practices automating build and deployment processes to enhance efficiency and accelerate software delivery.
Strong and progressive experience in the server installation and administration of RedHat Linux, Centos, Oracle Enterprise Linux, VMware ESX&ESXI environment.
Strong ability to troubleshoot any issues generated while building, deploying and in production support.
Ability to work closely with teams, in order to ensure high quality, timely delivery of builds &releases.
Expert in developing cloud strategies, roadmaps, architecting new cloud solutions or migrating enterprise applications to the cloud.
Good understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall methodologies.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong organizational skills, and a hard-working team player.
Skills:

Operating System
Linux: RHEL, Centos, Ubuntu. Windows 2000/2003/2008/2012, VMware ESX/ESXi 3.5/4.1/5.
Web/Application Servers
Apache, Tomcat, Ngnix, WebLogic, WebSphere, JBOSS
Build Tool
ANT, Maven and Gradle.
Version Control
GIT, SVN and CVS.
Configuration Management
Chef, Puppet, Ansible.
Databases
Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL and NoSQL (Cassandra, Mongo DB).
Virtualization Tools
Docker, Kubernetes, VM Virtual Box, VMware.
Cloud Platform
AWS, Databricks and OpenStack.
Monitoring Tool
Nagios, Splunk, New Relic, AppDynamics and Sumo Logic.
Networking/Protocol
TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, NDS, DHCP, NFS, Cisco Routers, LAN.
Virtual Servers
VMware ESX Servers, vSphere 5.x, Solaris Zones.
Language/Scripting
Java, Shell, PowerShell, Ruby, Go, Python and Perl.
Bug Tracking Tools
Jira, Remedy, HP quality center and IBM clear quest.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client: T-Mobile Frisco, Texas
Role: DevOps Engineer Nov 2022 – Present
Improved entire release process by automating all manual/time consuming steps with DevOps tools like, Python, Docker, Git, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, and AWS.
Worked with build Servers using AWS: Importing volumes, Launching EC2 instances, creating security groups, load balancers.
Designed and developed custom components, plugins, and integrations within the Backstage.io platform, contributing to enhanced functionality and improved user experience.
Building the AWS Infrastructure using VPC, EC2, S3, Route 53, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling and Lambda in Cloud Formation.
Extensively involved in infrastructure as code, execution plans, resource graph and change automation using Terraform. Managed AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform.
Expertise in writing new plug-ins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Designed roles and groups for users and resources using cloud permission systems AWS Identify Access Management (IAM).
Installed and configured Message Queue (MQ) systems for reliable and asynchronous communication.
Integrated MQ systems seamlessly with applications, contributing to robust message-driven architectures.
Deployed and managed applications on Microsoft Azure, ensuring scalability and high availability.
Applied expertise in STOMP, AMQP, and REST to architect messaging solutions, enabling seamless data flow and effective communication between disparate systems, enhancing overall organizational connectivity.
Developing scripts for deployment of customer environments into AWS, using Bash and Python.
Deployed AWS Lambda function with help of BOTO3 Python libraries to start and stop EC2 instances, applying permission policies and life cycles to S3 buckets.
Diagnosed and resolved issues with SFDC connectors, ensuring seamless integration within Salesforce environments.
Created automated pipelines in AWS CodePipeline to deploy Docker containers in AWS ECS using services like CloudFormation, Code Build, CodeDeploy and S3.
Experience using Terraform for Infra Provisioning against AWS.
Implemented UI/UX enhancements for custom business processes, such as onboarding and support processes, resulting in a more intuitive and user-friendly interface.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process.
Integrated encryption protocols and secure access controls, enhancing the confidentiality and integrity of data security throughout the development and deployment lifecycle.
Configured GIT, build scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools with Jenkins and schedule jobs using POLL SCM option and integrated to automate the code checkout process.
Built Jenkins jobs to create AWS infrastructure from SCM repos containing Terraform code.
Used Jenkins 2.0 and pipelines, which helped us, drive all Micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes.
Implemented intricate Enterprise Integration Patterns, orchestrating seamless communication and data flow across diverse systems.
Demonstrated hands-on mastery of Boomi tools, ensuring seamless connectivity across systems and driving optimal performance in API-driven environments.
Initiating alarms in CloudWatch service for monitoring the server’s performance, CPU utilization, disk usage, etc.to take recommended actions for better performance. Managed different infrastructure resources, like physical machines, VMs and even Docker containers using Terraform.
Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of various applications across multiple cloud providers and managing infrastructure.
Used Terraform for automating ELBs, Security Groups, SQS Queues, S3 Buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure.
Setting up Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) for the Microservices using CodeBuild and CodePipeline and containerized these services with Docker and AWS ECR.
Worked on Docker container snapshots, attaching to a running container, removing images, managing Directory structures, and managing containers.
Setting up Kubernetes platform with four clusters and providing assistance to various app teams
Coordinate developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control.
Working on GitHub related operations like creating repositories, cloning, merging, commit, pull, push. Resolving the issues like merge conflicts.
Worked with Splunk as a user to monitor the application server’s health and performance.
Used Jira as ticket tracking, bug tracking, and work flow tool.

Client: Southwest Airlines Dallas TX
Role: Devops Engineer Dec 2021 – Oct 2022

Worked on Amazon AWS EC2 cloud services for installing, configuring, and troubleshooting on various Amazon images.
Implemented and managed Delta Lake on Databricks, ensuring data consistency, reliability, and version control across multiple projects.
Ensured high availability and scalability of applications on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE).
Managing Amazon instances by taking AMIs and performing administration and monitoring of Amazon instances like EC2 using Amazon Cloud Watch.
Managed and configured Blob Storage solutions, implementing data lifecycle management strategies for cost optimization.
Took the lead in conceptualizing and bringing to fruition API designs, highlighting proficiency in RAML, REST, and SOAP, to establish streamlined and uniform communication interfaces for optimal efficiency.
Set-up and maintain fully automated CI/CD pipeline for multiple Java / .NET environments using GIT, Jenkins, Puppet / Chef.
Extensively used Jenkins to streamline CI/CD process, automated several Master-Slave configurations using temporary slaves.
Orchestrated and managed containerized applications using Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).
Integrated Backstage.io with AWS services, leveraging cloud technologies to enhance platform capabilities and improve overall performance.
Implemented end-to-end Data security in DevOps pipelines.
Led a dynamic team through the challenges of creating robust Enterprise Integration Patterns, contributing to improvement in system reliability and ensuring our applications communicate effortlessly.
Implemented and maintained Kubernetes clusters, enhancing application deployment efficiency.
Configured Elastic Load Balancers with EC2 Auto scaling groups.
Automated AWS (VPC, EC2, S3, ELB, IAM) deployments using Ansible.
Worked on Auto scaling, Cloud watch (monitoring), SNS, AWS Elastic Beanstalk (app deployments), Amazon S3 (storage), and Amazon EBS (persistent disk storage).
Proactively identified and resolved issues related to Backstage.io implementation, integrations, and performance, contributing to a stable and reliable platform.
Experience in AWS Ansible Python Script to generate inventory and push the deployment to Managed configurations of multiple servers using Ansible.
Experience with AWS S3 services creating buckets, configuring buckets with permissions, logging, versioning, and tagging.
Developed and maintained APIs to integrate Backstage.io with external systems, automating critical business processes and improving overall workflow efficiency.
Used Terraform for automating ELBs, Security Groups, SQS Queues, S3 Buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure.
Employed a hands-on approach to troubleshoot SFDC connectors, ensuring accurate data exchange and system reliability.
Performed SVN to GIT migration and managed branching strategies using GIT flow workflow.
Used CloudFront to deliver content from AWS edge locations to users, allowing for further reduction of load on front-end servers.
Proficiently orchestrated Cloud Integration using Dell Boomi, excelling in end-to-end design, development, and deployment of seamless integrations to enhance organizational efficiency.
Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build, test, and deploy.
Involved in implementing deployments into AWS EC2 with the help of Terraform.
Creating Docker images, Compose, Docker Registry and handling multiple images primarily for middleware installations and domain configurations.
Used KUBERNETES to deploy, load balance and manage docker containers in multiple clusters and namespaces.

Client: IBM, India
Role: DevOps Engineer April 2018 – Jan2021
Worked on and coordinated with developers to create and setup a common GIT repository.
Imported and managed multiple cooperate applications into GIT.
Utilized Maven to successfully build and manage project according to requirements and finally generating artifact.
Worked on running unit tests and integration tests efficiently in environment in Maven.
Configured and worked on build to publish artifacts to nexus repository.
Worked on Linux administration Support, Performance tuning & monitoring, problem analysis & resolution.
Automated build and release process including monitoring changes between releases.
Developed Jenkins scripts to have Infrastructure as a service.
Spearheaded the design, development, and deployment of enterprise integration solutions specializing in Enterprise Integration Patterns (EIP) and messaging architectures.
Successfully executed Dell Boomi cloud integration projects, meeting business requirements and contributing to enhanced organizational agility and efficiency.
Developed basic Shell Scripts for automation purposes.
Designed robust event-driven architecture, incorporating Kafka as a central component to facilitate seamless communication and data flow across environments.
Engineered AWS cloud applications, employing SNS, S3 to enable real-time communication and event-driven workflows.
Executed Boomi process building and deployment, ensuring the seamless orchestration of data flows and business processes.
Engineered API solutions, utilizing RAML for clear specification and streamlined development processes.
Stayed abreast of emerging Cloud Data Management, actively contributed to the organization's strategy for evolving cloud-based data solutions.
Implemented Maven builds to automate JAR and WAR.
Developed and fine-tuned a resilient alert framework and exception handling strategies, significantly elevating system reliability and responsiveness within Boomi integration solutions
Involved in taking the weekly backups of the repositories and managing the repositories.
Troubleshoot various systems problems such as application-related issues, network-related issues, hardware-related issues.
Supported development team to migrate ASP.NET application hosted on Windows server 2012 to AWS environment.
Worked with JIRA, a tool that handles DCR (Defect Change Request) & MR (Maintenance Request).
Client: Infosys, India
Role: Developer Jan 2017 – Feb 2018
Management of customer requirements and documentation of the Project Plan as per the requirements
Create cost estimation plan, develop and deliver projects to QA, UAT and Production/DR environments.
Developed reports following the country-specific compliance rules using Crystal reports and SQL server.
Played pivotal role in revolutionizing DevOps practices within the finance domain at Infosys introducing innovative strategies to enhance collaboration efficiency and reliability.
Executed SOAP API design, incorporating best practices to create interoperable and reliable communication channels.
Engineered Python scripts for streamline automation enhancing efficiency.
Create customized reports and SQL queries based on the customer requirement.
Utilized Databricks notebooks for exploratory data analysis, model development, and performance tuning to enhance overall data quality.
Utilized Dell Boomi's API management features to create efficient interfaces, enabling smooth interaction between cloud services.
Deliver reports in the form of .exe files using the NSIS script along with Installation guides to customers.
Utilized PowerShell DSC for consistent server configurations.
Monitor the project deliveries during the warranty period and fix the bugs/issues in client servers.
Add new features to the application and create exe files to deliver to customers in VB.NET.
Upgrade application database servers from SQL Server 2005 to 2008/2012/2014.
Written complex SQL queries to retrieve data and display on the reports.
Utilized troubleshooting skills to address issues in SFDC connectors, optimizing data flow within Salesforce integrations.
Perform maintenance activities like backup/restore the database.
Utilize Joins and sub-Queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.
Create SQL queries and perform DDL/DML/DCL commands using SQL Server Management Studio.
Conducted Database Backup and Restore, Attach and Detach, Recover and Disaster Recovery procedures.
Track projects and issues following Agile practices in JIRA.
Develop a framework for development team using C# to reduce development effort.
Provide cost-effective solutions to the client to improve business and reduce maintenance costs.
Commit the code to Git repositories and manage branching, merging and tagging.
Generate bugs/defects report from JIRA and provide root cause analysis.
Train new team members with customer processes and Agile Practices.
Worked in Agile and Waterfall environments with participation in daily stand-ups with iterative development.
Client: BP, India
Role: Application Support Analyst May 2014 – Dec 2016
Provided 24*7 support to multi-platform applications including windows and web applications.
Supported and performed application migrations from Windows server 2003/ 2003 R2 on to Windows server 2008/2008 R2/2012.
Provided level me /II support to upgrade application versions and install updates on user’s machines.
Created batch scripts to push application updates on windows servers.
Troubleshoot software and applications for all customers to better understand how to help them use the programs efficiently.
Supported Application Test, Production and DR environments.
Worked independently to resolve complex issues.
Implement improvements to reduce bugs and common problems encountered by users.
Collaborated with vendors to resolve complex issues faced by customers due to security patches.
Used Remedy tool for logging bugs and to create CR’s for the application and server migrations.
Migrated test environment applications hosted on Windows servers onto AWS environment.

Education:
B.tech, CSE,Osmania University (2013)
Contact this candidate