BOJJA ADITYA
DevOps Engineer

Phn: +1-774-***-****
Mail: ad3nmj@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/bojja-a-1739441b0

SUMMARY
An AWS certified professional having around 5 years of experience in IT industry with ability to accomplish all aspects of the Software Configuration Management (SCM), DevOps, Amazon Web Services (AWS), CI/CD (Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment) process, and good knowledge in Linux/Unix Administration, Build and Release Management that meets the needs of an environment under DevOps Culture.
Experience in Implementing Organization DevOps strategy in various environment of Linux and
windows servers along with adopting cloud strategies based on Amazon Web Services and Cloud Services.
Experience in core AWS services (S3, EC2, ELB, EBS, Route53, VPC and Auto Scaling) and deployment services (Elastic Beanstalk, OpsWorks and Cloud Formation) and security practices (IAM, CloudWatch and CloudTrail).
Managed and monitored Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure for a large-scale web application.
Experienced in working on DevOps/Agile operation process including various tools (Code review, unit test automation, and Build & Release automation, Environment, Service, Incident and Change Management).
Expertise in designing and implementing CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, Kubernetes, and other related technologies.
Good Experience in automation and securing the infrastructure on AWS using Cloud Formation, Terraform and AWS Lambda and building CI/CD on AWS environment using AWS Code Commit, Code Build, Code Deploy, and Code Pipeline.
Experience in Setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Experience in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the environments working on Software Configuration Management (SCM) tools like GIT, GitLab, GitHub, and Bitbucket.
Experience in the implementation of Python & Shell scripts, Bash to automate the CI & CD process.
Good working experience with project management tools like Jira, TFS.
Extensive experience in using Build Automation scripting like Maven.
Have good experience in configuring Docker for systems to automation deployment process for software application.
Ability to work in fast paced and dynamic environments with a strong emphasis on automation and process improvement.
Certified in Python programming provided by Kaggle powered by Google.

Experience
AWS DevOps / DevOps Engineer Sep 2022 - Present
Verizon Irving, TX
Responsibilities:
Working as a DevOps Engineer for multiple development teams, system analysis team to establish a build schedule, provide a guideline for deployment in higher environments and with troubleshooting build system failures.
Integrated Jenkins with various DevOps tools such as Nexus and SonarQube.
Installed Jenkins and configured a Maven project to build and deploy the artifacts.
Created CI/CD pipeline and configured all the build credentials and users in Jenkins.
Written/Developed Chef Cookbooks to automate the entire deployment process as well as infrastructure admin tasks.
Worked with Chef for all the software configurations and written multiple complex Cookbooks and Recipes for pushing the configurations to various enterprise nodes
Written Terraform templates, Chef Cookbooks, recipes and pushed them onto Chef Server for configuring EC2 Instances.
Maintained and managed Ansible Playbooks responsible for deploying Framework and other cloud tools.
Written Ansible scripts to restart services in all production servers.
Worked on Auto Scaling for providing high availability of applications and EC2 instances based on the load on the instances hosting the applications by using Cloud Watch in AWS.
Worked on Cloud Formation templates to setup alerts for various resources.
Creating S3 buckets and also managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS.
Manage IAM policies, provide access to various AWS resources, design and refine the workflows used to grant access.
Created new capabilities to manage and scan across hybrid environments in Azure and On-Premise providing up to date information, classification, governance, and security enforcement.
Created Docker images using a Docker file, removing images and managing Docker volumes.
Develop CI/CD system with Jenkins on Kubernetes container environment, utilizing Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build and test and deploy.
Created Docker file and automated docker image creation using Jenkins and Docker.
Worked with Kubernetes to automate deployment, scaling and management of web Containerized applications.
Designed and implemented Nexus binary repository and process.
Managed the Maven Repository using Nexus tool to automate the build process and used the same to share the snapshots and releases of internal projects.
Monitoring of Application and Servers through Nagios. Web Servers Administration on Apache and Nginx.
Maintained build related scripts developed in shell for Maven builds. Created and modified build configuration files including POM.xml.
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions not met.
Built Scripts using ANT and MAVEN build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to another environment.
Used Maven as build tool on Java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Written scripts for system administration using languages such as BASH and Python.
Created and updated Bash (UNIX Shell) scripts and modules, files, and packages.
Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins.
Used GIT for creating the branches, merging and releasing the code version.
Set up Git repositories and SSH Keys in Bitbucket for Agile teams.
Worked with Jenkins under the CI/CD pipeline providing continuous improvement to agile software development teams.
Participated in weekly release meetings with Technology stakeholders to identify and mitigate potential risks associated with the releases.

Environment: AWS, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Chef, Ansible, CI/CD, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Maven, SonarQube, Nexus, Nagios, Git, Bitbucket, Bash, Python, Shell Scripting, Windows and Linux.

DevOps / Build / Release Engineer Nov 2018 – May 2021
Capgemini Technology services Gujarat, India
Responsibilities:
•Participated in the release cycle of the product which involved environments like development QA UAT and Production.
•Documented all the process of CI/CD Pipeline to make sure that all the steps are completed successfully and for feature reference of Dev teams.
•Installed and configured an automated tool Puppet that included the installation and configuration of the Puppet master, agent nodes and an admin control workstation.
•Deployed Puppet, Puppet Dashboard, and Puppet DB for configuration management to existing infrastructure.
•Created all the Puppet boxes by using the kickstart file system and involved in patching work for stopping and starting the clients.
•Created Cloud Formation template stacks to automate for building new VPCs using JSON files.
•Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in the pipelines to fail the builds when conditions not met.
•Build Scripts using MAVEN and ANT build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
•Created, expanded, and configured automation in Maven/Ant to automatically build, package, and deploy Java applications to multiple development and testing environments.
•Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
•Integrated Docker container orchestration framework using Kubernetes by creating pods, config Maps and deployments.
•Used Nagios as a monitoring tool to identify and resolve infrastructure problems before they affect critical processes and worked on Nagios event handlers in case of an automatic restart of failed applications and services.
•Responsible for tagging and maintain code on version control GIT and Creating branches and tags on GIT repository and provided branches access permission to dev team.
•Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins.
•Created branches in GIT implementing parallel development process.
•Written Shell scripts to apply the Integration label to all the files which needs manual labelling of files.
•Build and release software baselines, code merges, branch and label creation and interfaced between development and infrastructure.
•Implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins pipelines.
•Installed Jenkins on a Linux machine and created a master and slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build farm.
•Prepared the Release plan and Coordination activities from Release Management.
•Active participant in scrum meetings, reporting the progress and maintain effective communication with each team member and manager.

Environment: CI/CD, Jenkins, Maven, Puppet, Ant, Docker, Nexus, SonarQube, GIt, Shell, Bash, Python, Window and Linux.

Linux Admin / QA Automation Engineer Oct 2017 to Nov 2018
Signer Tech PVT Ltd Hyderabad, India

Responsibilities:
Worked on multiple projects as QA Automation Engineer and Linux admin.
Created templates for deploying Linux 6 to 7 environments.
Managed user accounts, groups, disks and file systems and Created Repositories for different customers and pushed data into repo's using GitHub.
Troubleshooted errors in logs and automated application builds using Jenkins jobs.
Manage logical Volume manager on Red hat Servers and Created Jenkins Jobs to automate Application Builds.
Installed nginx yum repositories for proxy and load balancing over different environments.
Used Docker containers, images, tagging and pushing images to manage application life cycle with Ansible Awx Docker image for running playbooks on inventory.
Environment: RHEL, Ansible Tower, GitHub, Docker, LVM, nginx.
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Follow Agile Methodology for all the phases of SDLC and interacted with Lead, Business Analyst, Developers and other QA Members during Daily Stand-Up Meeting.
Actively involved in all stages of STLC (Software Testing Life Cycle). Created and maintained test plan, test cases and automation test documents.
Automated the script in Test Complete Tool and developed Test Case/Script Design, Execution, Defect reporting & Analysis.
Prepared User Needs, SRS (Software Requirements Specification), and SDD (Software Detail Design) as documentation by understanding SDMS Environment.
Created various functional & technical diagrams based on the functionality & behavior of SDMS Standalone & Integration application.
Created and Executed Test cases for various modules using HPALM Tool.

Environment: Java script, HTML, SQL, Visual Paradigm, HPALM, Smart Bear - Test Complete, Test Execute, Microsoft Visual Studio.

SKILLS

AWS Services: RDS, EC2, VPC, IAM, Cloud Formation, EBS, S3, ELB, Auto Scaling, Route 53, Cloud Watch.
Build/Version Tools: Ant, Maven
Version Control Tools: SVN, GIT, Github, Bitbucket, CVS
CI/CD: Jenkins, Sonar Qube
Configuration & Automation Tools: Ansible, Terraform, Puppet, Chef
Web Servers: Apache Tomcat, Jboss, WebLogic, Ngnix, Splunk, Nagios.

Documentation: Confluence
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows family, Red Hat(Linux), UNIX.
Tracking Tools: Jira, TFS, HPALM
Databases: My SQL DB, Mongo DB, SQL Server
Logging: CloudWatch, Cloud Trail, Azure App Insights, Azure Monitor
Container Platforms: Docker, Kubernetes

EDUCATION
Master of Science Information Technology
CLARK UNIVERSITY Aug 2021- Dec 2022

Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology
GITAM UNIVERISTY June 2014 - Apr 2018
Contact this candidate