LAKSHMI LAAKSHA BUJJA
Senior DevOps Engineer

Phone: 949-***-****
Email: ad3nu6@r.postjobfree.com
Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/lakshmi-laaksha-5a91341a4

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

** ***** ** *****ience as Azure DevOps, Build and Release Engineer, and Systems Engineer experience in IT Infrastructure.
A team player with hands on IT expertise prioritizing CI/CD, Automation of Configuration Management, Security, Build/Release management, Cloud Resource Utilization, Infrastructure Automation etc.
Experienced in AZURE and AWS Cloud IaaS platform with features EC2, VPC, ELB, Auto-Scaling, Security Groups, IAM, EBS, AMI, RDS, S3, SNS, SQS, Cloud Formation, Cloud Front and EKS.
Managed IAM policies for organizations in AWS to define groups, create users, assign roles, and define rules for role-based access to AWS resources and created S3 buckets and managing policies for S3 buckets.
Launched Amazon EC2 Cloud Instances using AWS services and configured the launched instances with the required specifications also defined the Security Groups which act as virtual firewalls that control the allowed traffic to reach the EC2 Instances and managed the Elastic load balancer, Auto Scaling, setting the security groups to design a fault tolerant and high available system.
Fluent in several software lifecycle models, including Waterfall, SDLC, and Agile.
Experienced in AWS Cloud platform and its features which includes EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, SNS, RDS, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, AWS Config, Autoscaling, Cloud Front, IAM, S3, and Route53.
Experience in managing Private Cloud and Hybrid cloud configurations, patterns, and practices in Windows Azure and SQL Azure and in Azure Web and Database deployments.
Designed and developed custom components, plugins, and integrations within the Backstage.io platform to enhance functionality.
Orchestrated data workflows using Azure Data Factory, contributing to streamlined data processing.
Setting up continuous integration of applications in Apache Tomcat servers in EC2 using Jenkins plugins GIT, MAVEN. Implemented new deployment process with Jenkins 2.0 using groovy code.
Proficient in automating build and configuration process using tools like ANT, Maven, Gradle, Jenkins/Bamboo and Puppet/Ansible.
Experience in dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Cloud Services, Resource Groups, Express Route, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto-Scaling and Traffic Manager.
Ability to create scripts using Azure PowerShell during automation and build process.
Support of application stacks from a mixture of technologies, including Apache, WebSphere, WebLogic, Tomcat, and JBoss.
Expertise in WAMP (Windows, Apache, MYSQL, and Python) and LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, and Python) Architecture.
Experience on working with System health and performance Monitoring Tools like Nagios, Zabbix, Splunk, Cloud Watch, New Relic, Elasticsearch, Kibana, AppDynamics etc.
Extensive experience in building & deploying EAR, WAR, JAR files on test, stage & production servers.
Implemented AWS Redshift to manage data warehouse and running SQL queries.
Create and maintain highly scalable and fault-tolerant multi-tier AWS and Azure environments spanning across multiple availability zones using Terraform and CloudFormation.
Hands-on experience with Databricks, Data Factory, DataLake, CosmosDB, Function apps, and SQL.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI/CD process and integrated the tool with Git, Maven, Nexus, Docker, Nagios, and Jira for end-to-end automation and took the sole responsibility to maintain the CI/CD Jenkins server.
Experience in administrating of IAAS & PAAS VM's and Web roles on Microsoft Azure (Classic), Resource Manager and troubleshooting issues on Azure VM's. Supported technologies, such as Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS), Azure Active Directory (AD), and PowerShell.
Hands on experience in cloud services, IaaS, worker/web role, service bus, azure blob, table storages, queue and API Management. Configured NSGs for two-tier and three-tier applications. Experience in integrating on premises servers to Azure Cloud.
Configured Azure AD tenants, load balancers, and applications with Azure AD, integrating on-premises Windows AD with Azure AD.
Integrated Backstage.io with AWS services, showcasing proficiency in cloud integration and leveraging Backstage for efficient management of AWS resources.
Hands-on experience with DevOps tools like Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Jenkins, Prometheus, Grafana, Dynatrace, CloudWatch and AWS
Created and managed Azure AD tenants and configured private and public facing Azure load balancers and applications with Azure AD and integrated on-premises Windows AD with Azure AD.
Expertise in the concepts of Azure, OpenStack Cloud Based Technologies and configured Azure Blob storage and Azure file servers, Azure API Management, Traffic Manager and Resource Manager.
Involved in designing and deploying multiple applications utilizing almost all of the AWS stack components (EC2, S3, Route53, ELB, EBS, VPC, RDS, DynamoDB, SNS, SQS, IAM, KMS, Lambda, Kinesis), with an emphasis on fault tolerance, auto-scaling within AWS Cloud Formation, deployment services, and security protocols (IAM, CloudWatch, CloudTrail).

Certifications

Microsoft certified in Azure Administrator Associate
Certified in Kubernetes Administrator

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Systems Operating
Linux (Red Hat, CENTOS, Debian), Ubuntu, Mac OS, Windows.
Web Servers
Tomcat, APACHE 2.x, WebLogic (8/9/10), Web Sphere 4.0/5.0, Ngnix.
Build Tools
Maven, MS Build, and Node, Gradle.
CI/CD Tools
Azure Pipelines, Jenkins
Cloud Environments
AWS(S3, CloudFront, IAM,CloudWatch,EC2,EBS, Lambda, CLI, VPC, CloudTrail), Microsoft Azure, GCP, OpenShift
Configuration Tools
Ansible, Terraform.
Orchestration Tools
Kubernetes, Docker
Networking Protocols
TCP/IP, DNS, Cisco Routers/Switches, SSP, HTTP
Virtualization Technologies
VMware ESXi, Windows Hyper-V, Virtual box.
Scripting
YAML, Power shell, Bash Shell scripting and Python
Version Control Tools
GIT, GitHub, Bitbucket, Azure repos.
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Cloud Watch, Splunk, ELK.
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, Bugzilla, Azure boards & Service Now.
Databases
Mongo DB, Dynamo DB, CosmosDB, RDBMS, MSSQL, MYSQL
Code Quality Tools
Sonar Lint, Sonar Qube
Testing Tools
Junit, Bamboo, Selenium, Kibana, Postman

WOrK EXPERIENCE

Client: McDonald’s Dec 2022 – Present
Chicago, IL

Role: Sr Azure Cloud DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:

Worked on Microsoft Azure Cloud (Public) to give IaaS support to customers. Make Virtual Machines through Power Shell Script and Azure Portal. Overseen and Created Storage Account and Affinity Group in Azure Portal.
Dealt with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Cloud Services, Resource Groups, Express Route, Traffic Manager, VPN, Load Balancing, Application Gateways, Auto-Scaling. Exposed Virtual machines and cloud services in the VNets (Virtual Networks) to the Internet using Azure External Load Balancer.
Involved in Azure infrastructure management (Azure Web Roles, Worker Roles, SQL Azure, Azure Storage, Azure AD Licenses). Provided high availability for IaaS VM's and PaaS instances for access from other services in the Vnet with Azure load balancers and implemented Azure classic and Azure ARM for deployment process.
Configured and maintained virtual desktop environments, ensuring optimal performance, security, and user experience.
Configured the servers with the New Relic and Sumo logic monitoring and monitored the performance metrics of the production servers.
We integrated azure services and provided a unified view of all of our azure resources. W e used backstage.io to manage these resources.
Created subscription, Storage Account and tables using Windows PowerShell using automation in Azure.
Defined and implemented monitoring processes for uptime, performance, and security for solutions deployed to the Microsoft Azure Cloud. Used ELK for monitoring purposes for LOG analytics and Application monitoring and integrated this with Azure for security purpose we use search guard to protect the logs.
Working with Azure Service Fabric, exclusively to create microservice application, used Stateful partitions with named service and secondary replicas for scalability and availability. Ability to write Shell & Perl scripting.
Used Azure cloud services, Azure storage, Azure active directory, Azure Service Bus and Hybridization Cloud.
Led implementation of Azure Active Directory for single sign on, authentication, authorization, and Azure Role-based Access Control (RBAC).
I have implementation the Agile delivery practices within the framework of the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Implemented Azure Kubernetes service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and create an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI.
Utilized Kubernetes for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy. Used Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Used Helm charts to package and deploy common applications in Kubernetes.
Used Chef to maintain and manage the existing infrastructure as well and by using ruby/yaml script. Created lot of recipes in cookbooks and bootstrapped the nodes with chef enterprise servers to store the data in the node.
Designed and implemented ETL workflows using Azure Data Factory and stored and processed data in Azure Data Lake Storage for efficient data management and analytics.
Leveraged Databricks for unified analytics platform, combining big data processing and machine learning.
Written wrapper scripts to automate deployment of cookbooks on nodes and running the chef client on them in a Chef-Solo environment. Converting production support scripts to Chef recipes.
Used Ansible to deploy applications on all servers through SSH. Gathered required configurations of all servers and maintain the playbooks updated using Ansible. Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment and Application Server setup
Leveraged CosmosDB for NoSQL database solutions.
Implemented solutions involving Azure Data Lake for scalable data storage and management.
Experience with Jenkins administration, backups, and plugins. Using master slave configuration maintained various jobs in Jenkins and supported development teams.
Built upstream and downstream jobs in Jenkins to build and deploy onto different environments, worked with Jenkins CLI, manage plugins and Jenkins file.
Performed code commit, revert, checkout and merge operations on GIT and pushed sourced code to GitHub.
Worked with Azure Data Factory for orchestrating and automating data workflows.
Defined dependencies and plugins in Maven pom.xml for various activities and integrated Maven with GIT to manage and deploy project related tags.
Automated Installation and configuration of Apache, Tomcat servers using Python and supported implementations of Kafka and RabbitMQ message servers running Linux and Windows server Installation, Configuring, Deploying, Troubleshooting, Administration and maintenance.
Maintained and Debugged Code to meet the required standards by using SonarQube and used Selenium for testing purposes. Also, monitored system activities to optimize performance and ensure security of systems.
Operating and producing systems design specifications for Linux and Windows based platforms, MS SQL and MySQL.

Environment: Azure, PCF, Office 365, Terraform, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, Azure ARM, Azure AD, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Site Recovery, Kubernetes, Python, Ruby, XML, Shell Scripting, CosmosDB, PowerShell, Nexus, JFrog Artifactory, Jenkins, Git, Jira, GitHub, Ansible, Docker, Windows Server, TFS, VSTS, LDAP, Nagios.

Client: Verizon Communications Inc Sep 2021-Nov 2022
New York, NY

Role: AWS / DEVOPS ENGINEER
Responsibilities:

Worked on AWS EC2, EBS, ELB scaling groups, Trusted Advisor, S3, Cloud Watch, Cloud Front, IAM, Security Groups, Auto-Scaling.
Worked on AWS CLI Auto Scaling and Cloud Watch Monitoring creation and update.
Allotted permissions, policies and roles to users and groups using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).
Managed hardware, software, and networking for a large-scale cluster on Amazon EC2.
Installed, configured and managed the ELK (Elastic Search, Log Facilitated Scrum ceremonies like Sprint planning, retrospectives, Daily stand-ups, etc Stash and Kibana) for Log management within EC2/ Elastic Load balancer (ELB) for Elastic search.
Here, we used MangoDB as a data store for logs and events collected by the Elasticsearch, logstash, kibana stack. While here I mentioned Elasticsearch for log management, MangoDB complement this stack, especially if there’s a need for storing and querying logs in a JSON-like format.
We used chocolatey to integrate with infrastructure management tools.
End to End solution for hosting the web application on AWS cloud with integration to S3 buckets
Integration of web portal and users associated with S3 bucket.
Used Amazon S3 to backup database instances periodically to save snapshots of data.
Automated system deployment, monitoring, alarming, and scaling in the Cloud.
Managing AWS Infra and automation with CLI, API. Managing Data Centre Inbound and outbound services. Working on automation tools like Ansible, Chef.
Implemented continuous integration using Jenkins, Packer.
Implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Chef, Maven in Linux environment
Used Jenkins, Build forge for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Created a best practice Build environment using Jenkins, immutable instances, and AWS.
Developed Ansible scripts for an automated server provisioning and Docker images, reducing the time between provisioning and deployment from over 3 hours to less than 10 minutes.
Worked on setting up the automated build on Docker hub.
We used sonar lint to analyze the code as we write it and it provides instant feedback on code quality and security issues. It helps identify potential bugs, security vulnerabilities, and code smells.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, whenever a new github branch gets started, our Continuous Integration server, automatically attempts to build a new Docker container from it. The Docker container leverages Linux containers and has the AMI baked in.
We integrated WebLogic into CI/CD pipeline for deploying java applications.
Worked on writing multiple Ruby and Shell scripts for various companywide tasks.
Created and Maintained Subversion repositories, branches and tags.
Monitored Live Traffic, logs, Memory utilization, Disk utilization and various other factors, which are important for deployment.

Environment: AWS, Tomcat Apache, Cloud Formation,Mango DB, Terraform, Sonar Lint, Elastic Search, Git, Linux, Jenkins, Maven, Chef, Ansible, SonarQube, Docker, Kubernetes, Windows servers, WebLogic, Webservers.

Client: Credit Karma May 2020 – Aug 2021
Oakland, CA

Role: AWS Cloud/DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:

Expertise in AWS Cloud platform and its features which includes EC2, VPC, EBS, AMI, SNS, RDS, EBS, CloudWatch, Cloud Trail, CloudFormation AWS Configuration, Autoscaling, CloudFront, Lambda, IAM, S3, API Gateway Elastic Beanstalk, OpsWorks, Code Deploy, Version1, Code Pipeline and Route53.
Design, integration and management of Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud solutions. Provisioning of EC2 instances and integrated into local area offices in 5-time zones. Amazon RDS, VPC construction, Security Group policies, IAM, APIs, Route 53, CloudFormation, S3, Glacier, OpsWorks.
Migrated 100+ TiB size PROD file systems from Intel luster to AWS FSx filesystem service (2018 nov launch).
Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS.
Used AWS Trusted Advisor service to analyze and suggest cost optimization opportunities for client workloads.
SSL Security certificate management for enterprise, maintaining certificates across multiple ssl providers, and integrating certificates into products such as nginx, apache, tomcat, AWS-ELB.
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby, and Docker on familiar servers such as Apache, and IIS.
Good knowledge of S3 storage strategies such as versioning, life cycle policies, cross region replication and Glacier using command line interface (CLI) and Amazon Management Console Used CFT and Ansible to install software and automate installation.
Extensive usage of Amazon Web Services (AWS) Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, EC2, RDS, S3, Microsoft Azure, Route53, SNS, SQS, Cloud Trail.
Deployed MySQL database on EKS in AWS using deployment for failover replica.
Created AWS Launch configurations based on customized AMI and use this launch configuration to configure auto scaling groups.
Identifying opportunities to improve infrastructure that effectively and efficiently utilizes the Microsoft Azure Windows server 2008/2012/R2, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Visual Studio, Windows PowerShell, Cloud infrastructure.
Leveraged NuGet for managing packages in .NET development, which streamlined the process of integrating libraries and tools in the projects.
Hands on experience with Spinnaker for Continuous Deployment with Kubernetes. And used OpenShift for container orchestration with Kubernetes, Container Storage, automation, to enhance container platform multi-tenancy.
Used GITLAB pipelines to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm, and created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes deployment and service files and managed releases of Helm packages.
Worked on ECS and EKS deployment to an application on a Tomcat server hosted in containers using Terraform to create Infrastructure as Code.
Utilized Chocolatey for automating the installation, configuration, upgrade, and uninstallation of software packages on Windows
Worked on creation of custom Docker container images, tagging and pushing the images to the Docker repository for further use. Virtualized the servers on AWS, Linux and Windows using Docker, created the Docker file.
Worked on Azure VPN-Point to Site, Virtual networks, Azure Custom security, endpoint security and firewall Installation of Azure resource group, virtual network, Network security group, Virtual Machines, Azure DNS, and gateway for Synchronization with on premise.
Hands on experience with Docker containers to maintain Docker images, Docker hub & registries.
Created RDS DB instances using multi-AG deployments. Tested DB instance Failover using reboot with fail-over.
We test deploy and monitor programs using MLOps.
Written Templates for Azure Infrastructure as code using Terraform to build staging and production environments. Integrated Azure Log Analytics with Azure VMs for monitoring the log files, store them and track metrics and used Terraform as a tool, Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMware, and Docker containers.
Good experience in Linux Administration installing, configuring and troubleshooting webservers and application servers.

Environment: AWS EC2, S3, RDS, IAM, AMI, Redshift, Lambda, VPC, Chef, Java, Git, Jenkins, Terraform, Python, Linux, Bash, Groovy, MLOps, Subversion, Rest API, Ant, Maven, Nexus, U-deploy, SQL, Cloud Formation, Golang, OpenShift, Subversion, Selenium, UNIX, SVN, Docker, Jira, Python, Ruby, Shell Scripts, Tomcat, Ansible.

Client: Net App Jan 2018 – April 2020
Mountain View, CA

Role: DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:

Experience in Programming, support, debugging, and administration in distributed environments UNIX, Linux, VAX/VMS, Windows, and RDBMS across a wide range of products.
Enabled Logging on S3 bucket access, VPC flow, CloudTrail, AWS configuration, IAM, AWS inspector, Lambda, RDS, DynamoDB, CloudFront, AWS API gateway, EC2 Application servers.
Managed Amazon Web Services infrastructure with automation and configuration management tools such as Ansible and Jenkins
Managed Maven project dependencies by creating parent-child relationships between projects.
Performed S3 buckets creation, policies and on the IAM role based polices and customizing the JSON template
Experienced with event-driven and scheduled AWS Lambda functions to trigger various AWS resources.
Responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery process implementation using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
Used Ansible as configuration management tool. Developed Ansible playbook to automate recovery process upon failure of OpenShift Master.
Hands on experience in using tools like Docker Compose, Kubernetes, etc. for orchestrating, linking and deploying the services related to the containers.
Deploying and validating the applications automated through the Jenkins pipeline using pipeline groovy script.
Experience on working with System health and performance Monitoring Tools like Nagios, Zabbix, Splunk, Cloud Watch, New Relic, Elasticsearch, Kibana, AppDynamics etc.
Enhanced, fixed functional and performance related bugs in core product written in GO (Go Lang).
Azure Automation and PowerShell, Chef and Ansible to automate processes in the Azure Cloud
Build and Maintained Docker container clusters managed by Kubernetes on GCP. Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the CI/CD system to build, test deploy.
Involved in Configuring, automation and maintaining build and deployment CI/CD tools GIT/ Bit Bucket, Jira, Confluence, Bamboo, Build Forge, Docker registry/daemon, Nexus and JIRA for Multi-Environment (Local/POC/NON-PROD/PROD) with high degrees of standardization for both infrastructure and application stack automation (ECS) in AWS cloud platform.
Worked on Designing, Installing and Implementing Ansible configuration management system and writing playbooks for Ansible using YAML and deploying applications.
Experimented playbooks for Ansible and deploying applications using Ansible.
Expertise in JIRA/Confluence queries, dashboards for metrics reporting to various teams.
Setup NFS servers as OpenShift storage backend and configured various storage claims for developers
Currently leads an active integration effort for building out PaaS with Redhat OpenShift, Dockers and working with developers on application containerization effort.
Implemented automated local user provisioning in instances created in OpenStack cloud through Ansible.
Developed build scripts using MAVEN as the build tool for the creation of (WAR files) build artifacts.
Used ANT and MAVEN as a build tool on java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code. Converting the ANT Build projects to Maven Build projects.

Environment: AWS EC2, S3, RDS, AMI, IAM, Redshift, Lambda, VPC, Chef, Java, Git, Jenkins, Terraform, Python, Linux, Bash, Groovy, Subversion, Rest API, Ant, Maven, Nexus, U-deploy, SQL, Cloud Formation, Golang, OpenShift, Cassandra, Subversion, Selenium, UNIX, SVN, Docker, Jira, Python, Ruby, Shell Scripts, Tomcat, Ansible, Splunk.

Client: Smart-Soft India Solutions Nov 2015 to Apr 2017
Bangalore, India

Role: Build and Release Engineer
Responsibilities:

Extensively involved in Managing Ubuntu, Linux, and Windows virtual servers on AWS EC2 instance by creating Chef Nodes through Open-Source Chef Server.
Documented process documents for Jenkins, Bit bucket, CD Pipeline and Code deployment guide for Developers, Testers, and Production Management.
Designed and implemented scalable, secure cloud architecture based on Amazon Web Services.
Creating and running automated nightly builds to discover newly produced bugs earlier, reducing bug fixing time. Created process to build and release one product with several different languages, localized build, and reduced building time for each language related releases.
Strong experience utilizing Jenkins for enterprise scale infrastructure configuration and application deployments & checking out the code from GIT and use Ant/Maven to build Jar, war, tar and ear artifacts. Provisioning Web Servers in AWS and DNS route53 records.
Keep up to date with the DynaTrace changes and actively participate in community discussions to improve tool knowledge.
Setup the Jenkins server with complete Maven and vSphere build jobs providing a continuous, automated scheduled QA build environment based on multiple SVN repositories for VMware open virtualization format (ovf) deployment.
Developed build and deployment scripts using Ant and Maven as build tools in Jenkins to move into different environments and create new jobs and branches through Jenkins.
Maintained build related scripts developed in Maven, Python and shell, modified build configuration files including Mavens pom.xml.
Integrated Maven with GIT to manage and deploy project related tags and managed Nexus Maven repositories to download the artifacts during the build.
Deployed and configured Ansible Server, experience in writing Ansible Modules to automate repetitive tasks, deploying critical applications, managing the changes in instances, and managing multiple nodes.
Wrote several Playbooks and created various roles for applications using Ansible and deployed the Applications/Services on the client hosts.

Environment: GIT, Maven, Terraform, Python, Shell, Jenkins, CI/CD, Ansible, AWS Ec2, Bit bucket, CD Pipeline, DNS route53, Ubuntu, Linux, Unix.

Client: Eion Technologies Aug 2013 - Oct 2015
Hyderabad, India

Role: LINUX/UNIX Administrator
Responsibilities:

Provided 24x7 on-call supports in debugging and fixing issues related to Linux, Solaris.
HP-UX Installation/Maintenance of Hardware/Software in Production, Development & Responsible for maintenance of source control systems Subversion and GIT.
Created repositories according to the structure required with branches, tags, and trunks.
Created hooks and managed permissions on the branches for GIT.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures.
Installed and configured SSH server on Red hat/Cent OS Linux environments.
Created and maintained several build definitions and publish profiles to handle automated builds in an Agile / SCRUM environment.
Attended sprint planning sessions and daily sprint stand-up meetings. Configured application servers (JBOSS) to deploy the code.
Used Apache Tomcat as application server for deploying the artifacts.
Installed, administered, and configured Jenkins/Bamboo Continuous Integration tool.
Used Ant, Maven to perform daily and weekly Software Builds.
Helped developers and other project teams to set views and environments.
Replicated the Jenkins build server to a test VM using Packer, Virtual Box, Vagrant, Chef, Perl brew and Server spec.
Wrote shell scripts for automated installations to extract logs.
Releasing code to testing regions or staging areas according to the schedule published.
Used Jira as ticket tracking and workflow tool.

Environment: SVN, GIT, ANT, MAVEN, Chef, Windows/Linux, C#, Jenkins, JIRA AWS, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat, VM ware, Virtual Box, Perl Scripts, Shell Scripts, Unix/ Linux environment.

Academics: 2009 - April 2013

Bachelor of Computer Science from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada.
Contact this candidate