Srinivasa Nagaraja
Linux/AWS/DevOps Engineer

Profile
Dedicated IT professional with more than 13 years of experience, Working in a highly Devops/Agile Environment comprised of various technological stack not limited to AWS (EC2,S3,RDS,Route 53 etc)/Linux/Unix Server Administration, Ansible Playbook development, Chef recipes development, Build tool Such as Maven, Promoting automation through Jenkins Pipe line, Artifactory Repository, UCD Deployments, Containers such as Docker, Orchestration through Kubernetes, Storing and managing code developed through GIT/BIT BUCKET, GPFS FPO Cluster, IBM Symphony Spectrum, High Performance Computing, AWS Infrastructure, API Gateway (APIGEE) maintenance, Shell/Perl/Python scripting, Deep understanding of operations dependencies with applications, networks, systems, security and policy.

Employment History
Linux/AWS System Admin at Fannie Mae, (Remote)
June 2022
●Design, Implement maintain Linux/Unix Environment on AWS and on PREM Servers RHEL 6/7/8 and AWS 2.0.
●HP Proliant Servers Gen8/9/10 Servers Firmware update as per the Security team VTM Cycles.
●Configuring H/W RAIDS for GEN9 HP Servers.
●Managing System Configuration through Ansible.
●Administrating EC2/Linux Instances hosted on AWS Cloud.
●Patching Linux Servers as per the Security Standards and addressing vulnerability.
●Worked on Post build, installing, configuring Redhat Linux Servers as per the requirements from the application team.
●Deep understanding of TCP/IP, UDP and networking stack.
●Involved in DR Activities of Migrating GATEWAY Servers from US-EAST1 to US-EAST2.
●Hands on Experience in Jenkins tool for Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery and Deployment.
●Good Experience in Ansible, to Automate IT Infrastructure and control and manage their infrastructure and configuration management.
●Having Good Exposure in Managing AWS Services such as EC2, VPC, S3, RDS, Route53 etc, as the Majority of the Infrastructure is hosted in AWS.
●Worked on Infrastructure related Activities such as Updating the Patches, Writing Scripts to push the changes and Automating using Tools such as Ansible/Chef.
●Worked Extensively as part of Share Services Infrastructure related to API Server Managing (APIGEE), Onboarding New API to APIGEE Platform and supporting the application, Updating attributes KVM Values etc.
●Having Exposure to Deployment tools such as UCD usually used to update the CNAME in AWS.
●Extensively used Splunk logs to Query the logs generated by application to trace the calls which gets registered under Gateway.

Tech Lead at Wipro Technologies: Client Citi Bank, Irving, TX
October 2017 — June 2022
●Install software Configure Redhat 6/7/8 Servers Implement Security Patches as Per CITI CATE Standard and Provide Overall Support for ONPREM and Cloud Infrastructure (AWS).
●Install and Configure Middleware on Linux Compute Servers such as IBM Symphony Spectrum GPFS.
●Handling issues with regards to H/W and Firmware issue related to HP Gen 9/10 Proliant Series Servers and IBM Blade Servers.
●Worked extensively on DevOps tools such as Chef/Ansible/GIT/Bit Bucket/Jenkins/Artifactory Repository and published many cookbooks/playbooks which brought down overall delivery timeline and increased productivity.
●Automated many tasks by Promoting Ansible Playbooks which resolves issues related to but not limited to Compliance Exception Package installation such as Illumio, Crowd Strike, Incase etc, GSF (Global Security Framework) remediation, VTM Patching, RAC Cluster Configuration, GPFS FPO Server Cluster Patching, File system Configuration, VG Creation, Kernel Tuning parameter Update, boot volume Purge, cache and gpfs unwanted file purge Playbook which drastically reduced the overall operation time.
●Having Exposure to AWS Cloud Infrastructure various services like EC2,S3,VPC,IAM,Route53,AMI and used it to Provision the servers on AWS cloud infrastructure and manage the same.
●Worked Extensively on GPFS FPO (File Process Optimization) Cluster maintenance and patching activity such as NSD disk removal/add and VTM Patching.
●Having good understanding about tools such as Splunk/Kibana/Tivoli etc, which helps in monitoring the overall health of Infrastructure.
●Root Cause Analysis and failures to resolve system related issues.
Senior System Administrator at Wipro Technologies, Bengaluru
September 2013 — September 2017
●Install software Configure Server build according to CATE Standard, the server build includes AIX/LINUX/Z-Linux/Appliance as per the customer requirements.
●Configure RAID as per Customer requirement on LINUX Physical Servers such as HPE Proliant Gen9/10 Servers.
●Configure Network Bonding on Physical Linux Servers as per the customer requirement in order for network redundancy and load balancing on GEN9/10 HPE Proliant Servers.
●Configuring Sanstak, VSCIS, mapping disks from VIOS, MPIO setup, Ensuring the SAN disks are allocated properly to AIX P-Series LPAR’s.
●Configuring LPAR/DLPAR and VIOS. Ensuring the HMC is updated as per the Citi Standard and applying License code for it.
●Worked Extensively applying Patchset for AIX and Linux systems as per the CIRATS and GEM notification with stringent deadline to meet the commitments of higher management.
●Worked Extensively postbuild operations which includes but not limited to Operations such as VG Creation, Filesytem Creation, Kernel Tuning,Setting up Software stack as per the Customer requirement for EX: KAFKA,TIBCO-Admin/MW Builds,Data Lineage Tool Builds,NDM Installation and configuration.
●Have a good exposure to Scripting Languages such as Shell/Expect/Perl and Python and automated many of the daily BAU tasks such as VG Creation, Filesystem Creation, Kernel tunning updates and Package Installation which is of repetitive in nature and automated the same which reduced drastically the time to deliver the Servers to customer.
●Worked on CRW Platform OpenShift Container (POC) Code Ready Work Space and onboarded Ansible Automation. Created a Development Environment for Ansible for writing and testing Infrastructure Code and streamlined the development process by configuring working with various stake holders to configure webhooks so that the development can be seamless, once the code is developed and pushed to BitBucket the build will trigger automatically, due to the webhook configuration.
●Worked on creating many SOP’s and published the same in Confluence page internally, which helped team members to follow the process and to deliver to the customer without any issues.
●Having good exposure to creating pipeline in Jenkins for new project to get onboarded, so that they can utilize the pipeline for their development process.

Unix System Administrator at IBM India Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru, India
January 2012 — August 2013
●Worked extensively in designing and implementing High end P-Series AIX Servers which are predominantly either Physical Server or Virtual based on IBM RISC Architecture.
●Hands on Experience in applying TL, APAR and ifixes for AIX 6.1/7.2 Systems, apart from that updating the HMC (Hardware Management Console).
●Worked on Installation and Configuration of REDHAT Linux 6 Servers, applying the VTM fixes as released by Compliance team as part of CIRATS remediation process, by keeping the system upto date with the latest security standards.
●Worked on allocating disks through VIOS to Client LPAR Servers and updating the VIOS Version by breaking the rootvg mirror, cloning and rollback (if issue) methods.
●Configured LPAR/DLPAR as per the requirements of the customer and ensure the profile has enough resource allocated as per the needs so that it addresses the scalability issues for the application team.
●Setting up PowerHA System mirror Ver 7.2 (HACMP) Cluster and configuring the application in order to facilitate the application to be highly available.
●Automated many of the AIX daily tasks which are not limited to Identifying LUN’s from corresponding VIO server,Updating TL, Updating the APAR released,Creation of VG and Filesystem, Installation of License Program Products.
●Updated Firmware of Physical Linux Servers HPE Proliant and IBM Blade Servers.
●Configuring NFS/SAMBA Servers for File sharing to Clients.
●Setting up EtherChannel for LINK Aggregation purpose which brings resilience and Fault tolerance to Servers with multiple NIC cards

Junior Specialist at DCM Data Systems, Delhi,India
May 2009 — December 2011
●Worked on Installation of IBM AIX 6.1 on P-Series IBM H/W such as P5-595, P6-550, P7-550 thorough the Installation media and also through NIM (Network Installation Master) by allocating LPP source and creating a SPOT.
●Worked on user administration and security related issue, predominantly, issue related to LDAP Clients and Server related issues.
●Good amount of working knowledge on Filesystem related activities such as creating,deleting,resizing the File system according to the needs of the clients.
●Worked on extensively issue related to swap space management, performance monitoring, kernel tunning parameter and disk related issues.
●Worked on VG/LV related issues, which included operations such as creating/deleting/resizing LV’s,exporting and importing, varyoff and varyon as per the need.
●Automated many BAU tasks such as NAS Migration, which involved in unmounting large number of mount points before migration and mounting and updating the configuration after the activity and
post checkouts, Updating TL’s through Korn Shell scripts which reduced the overall update time, applying Efixes, Closing out the VT-Terminal as HMC allows only one Virtual terminal and any subsequent request to the LPAR’s console won’t be available it’s already opened.
●Proficient in Installation, Configuration, taking Backup using Veritas Netbackup and restoring in case of failure, Configuring NIM Client/Server for Maintenance purpose allocating resources through NIM
Master to clients for NIM related operations.

Education
Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering-2008, Visveswaraiah Technological University - Belgaum, India

Details
Irving,TX, United States,
972-***-****
ad3peh@r.postjobfree.com
Links
LinkedIn
GitHub
GreatLearning (eportfolio)
Skills
Python

Git, Bit Bucket

Ansible, Chef

Linux/Unix Administration/Shell Scripting

Devops/Jenkins/Mavin/Artifactory

Kubernetes/Docker

AWS(EC2,S3,RDS etc.)

HPC Grid Computing (IBM Symphony Spectrum) / GPFS FPO Cluster

Postman, UCD, Splunk

APIGEE
Contact this candidate