VIJAY CHIGURUPATI
Sr Cloud DevOps Engineer/SRE
ad3qu8@r.postjobfree.com
+1-425-***-**** 425-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vijay-kumar-32b873139/

PROFESIONAL SUMMARY
DevOps/SRE expert with 10 years of practical expertise, including 6 years in the design, development, and administration of cloud-based infrastructure, CI/CD pipelines, and automation tools. Proven track record in delivering high-quality and scalable applications with a focus on security, reliability, and efficiency. Strong technical skills in AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Jenkins, and Git. Adept in Agile methodologies and cross-functional collaboration with development and operations teams. 4 years of experience in Linux System Administration.
Hands-on experience working with Version Control tools such as GIT and Apache subversion to perform various tasks such as creating and editing repository configurations and assigning access parameters to users, branching repositories depending upon project requirements, generating logs, and reviewing changes.
Experienced in AWS services such as EC2, ELB, Auto-Scaling, S3, IAM, VPC, RDS, Dynamo DB, Cloud Trail, Cloud Watch, Lambda, Elastic Cache, Glacier, SNS, SQS, Cloud Formation, Cloud Front, Elastic Load Balancing, Beanstalk, EMR, AWS Workspaces.
Experience in dealing with Windows Azure virtual networks, virtual machines, cloud services, resource groups, express route, traffic manager, VPN, load balancing, application gateways, auto-scaling, reading Azure VMs, storage accounts, VHDs, storage pools, migrating on premise servers to Azure and creating availability sets in Azure.
Experience in designing a Terraform and deploying it in cloud deployment manager to spin up resources like cloud virtual networks, Compute Engines in public and private subnets along with Auto Scaler in Google Cloud Platform
Proven expertise as a seasoned Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) with a focus on cloud environments.
Extensive experience in managing scalable solutions to accommodate rapid growth in enterprise settings.
Specialized in overseeing Solo Glo, Kubernetes, PCF, GCP, and AWS environments for Java-based applications.
Adept at implementing robust monitoring solutions using Grafana, Prometheus, and other industry-leading tools.
Leadership in troubleshooting, recovery, and root cause analysis, ensuring high availability and system resilience.
Strategic thinker with a track record of analysing user requirements, automating processes, and driving system improvements.
Proficient in leading Disaster Recovery exercises and maintaining comprehensive documentation for transparent operations.
Strong hands-on experience in Kubernetes, infrastructure, and support, ensuring reliable and efficient system performance.
Expertise in DevOps practices for Microservices using Kubernetes as a powerful orchestrator.
Well-versed in a variety of tools including NGINX, Docker, Postman, SOAP UI, ELK, Splunk, App Dynamics, CI/CD tools, and GitLab.
Proven ability in performance measures, tuning, and capacity planning for optimal cloud application performance.
Strong scripting skills for automation, enhancing operational efficiency and reducing manual interventions.
Solid understanding of networking and routing concepts, contributing to seamless integration in cloud environments.
Used ANT, MAVEN and Node JS as build tools on Java and JavaScript projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code. Worked on Tomcat Web server for hosting web apps.
Worked on migration of offline database infrastructure to cloud using several database technologies such as Oracle DB, MySQL, NoSQL, AWS RDS, Dynamo DB and Redis.
Experience on SonarQube to check the code quality and code coverage by using custom quality gates and quality profiles for multiple programming languages. Included this tool as a pipeline build step.
Worked on Black duck and Veracode to perform scans for open-source vulnerability and application integrity. Included these tools as build steps in the pipelines and granted exclusive access to developers depending upon requests.
Experience in JIRA task tracking and documenting the completed tasks in Confluence. Worked on ServiceNow for logging changes made to architecture and tracking tickets assigned for tasks by application teams.
Automated various infrastructure activities like continuous deployment, Application server setup, stack monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has integrated Ansible with Jenkins.
Wrote Ansible playbooks with Python SSH, Managed configurations of AWS nodes and tested playbooks on AWS instances using Python. Developed Ansible scripts for AWS Orchestration and designed new back-end services, Maintaining and expanding of AWS infrastructure.
Experience in designing and implementing F5 Load Balancer solutions in large-scale enterprise environments.
Proficient in configuring F5 LTM (Local Traffic Manager) and GTM (Global Traffic Manager) to distribute traffic across multiple servers and data centres.
Knowledge of F5 I Rules to customize traffic management policies and F5 I Apps to automate application deployment.
Expertise on working with Docker and Kubernetes to perform various tasks such as orchestrating the deployment, scaling and management of Docker containers, Docker images and Docker hub.
Used Jenkins pipeline to drive all micro service build outputs to the Docker registry and deployed it to Kubernetes. Utilized Docker and Kubernetes for the run time environment of CI/CD system to build and test deployments.
Extensive experience with configuration tools to create, change and improve infrastructure as code using Terraform. Deployed configuration management and provisioning to AWS using Terraform.
Involved in automated deployment of EBS on AWS cloud EC2 instance server and automated the complete deployment environment on AWS.
Created multiple Terraform modules to manage configurations, applications, services and automate installation process for web server and AWS instances.
Extensive proficiency in architecting and managing cloud environments, with a focus on AWS and Azure platforms. Skilled in deploying and optimizing services including EC2, S3, Kubernetes clusters, and Azure VMs for diverse application needs.
Proven track record in implementing robust CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, CHEF, and Ansible, ensuring seamless integration, testing, and deployment of code across multiple cloud environments.
Advanced expertise in containerization technologies such as Docker, orchestrating microservices with Kubernetes, and automating infrastructure provisioning with Terraform, enabling scalable and efficient application deployments.
Proficient in hooks and control systems like Git, SVN, and TFS, adept at managing branching strategies, implementing hooks, and ensuring version consistency across distributed teams and platforms.
Strong experience in scripting with Python, Ruby, and Shell, leveraging automation to streamline configuration management and enhance operational efficiency. Skilled in utilizing monitoring tools like Splunk and Nagios for proactive resource and performance management across cloud infrastructures.

SKILL SET:
Infrastructure as a Service: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure
Continuous Integration: Jenkins, Bamboo
Containerization: Docker, Kubernetes
Configuration Management: Puppet, Ansible, Chef
SCM and Version Control: Git, SVN
Build Tools: Gradle, Ant, Maven
Scripting/Programming Languages: Shell, Ruby, Python, YAML, JSON
Continuous Monitoring: Nagios, Splunk
SDLC: Agile, Kanban, Waterfall
Application/Web Server: WebLogic, Tomcat
Operating Systems: Linux, MacOS, Windows
AWS Services: RDS, EC2, VPC, IAM, CloudFormation, EBS, S3, ELB, Auto Scaling, CloudTrail, EKS, ECR, ECS, Lambda, CloudWatch
Azure Services: App Services, Key Vault, Function App, Storage Accounts, Azure Active Directory, Azure Container Registry, Azure Kubernetes Service, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Factory
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, Azure Pipelines, GitHub Actions
Artifactory: JFrog, Nexus
Web Servers: Nginx, Tomcat
Code Scanning: SonarQube, ECR Inspector
Databases: RDS, MongoDB, MySQL DB, Azure SQL Managed Instance
Container Platforms: Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift, Helm, Docker Swarm
Networking/Protocol: TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, DHCP, WAN, SMTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP
Languages: Python, Shell scripting, Groovy, YAML
Cloud Platforms: Microsoft Azure, AWS
Version Control Tools: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab, Azure Repos
Infrastructure Provisioning: Ansible, Terraform, Puppet, Chef
Logging & Monitoring Tools: CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Azure App Insights, Azure Monitor, Splunk, ELK Stack, Prometheus, Grafana, New Relic, Dynatrace

CERTIFICATIONS:

Certified Kubernetes Administrator
Certified AWS Developer – Associate
Microsoft Certified Azure Administrator - Associate
Education Details:
Bachelor’s in computer science - 2013, Dhanekula Institute of Engineering and Technology-Vijayawada, India.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client: AT&T, DALLAS, TEXAS NOV 2022 – Present
Role: SRE / Cloud Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:

Implementing Azure Resource Groups, Resource Tags, AAD groups, and Role based access.
Designing and implementing cloud network architecture using Azure virtual networks, VPN and express route to establish connectivity between on premise and cloud.
Design and implement database solutions in Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL.
Architect & implement medium to large scale BI solutions on Azure using Azure Data Platform services (Azure Data Lake, Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Stream Analytics, Azure SQL DW, HDInsight/Data bricks, NoSQL DB).
Demonstrated experience in designing and implementing scalable, reliable, and fault-tolerant systems and infrastructure.
Proficiency in developing automation tools and scripts using languages such as Python, Bash, or Go to streamline deployment, monitoring, and maintenance processes.
Develop PowerShell scripts, Azure CLI, and ARM templates to automate the provisioning and deployment process.
Worked on Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF), Google products and Docker container services.
Created CI/CD Pipelines in Azure DevOps environments by providing their dependencies and tasks.
Experience with container orchestration platforms like Kubernetes, which can be used to deploy and manage service mesh components.
Implemented scalable solutions to accommodate rapid environment growth, ensuring seamless resource expansion.
Managed Solo Gloo, Kubernetes, PCF, and GCP environments for Java-based applications in an enterprise setting.
Developed and implemented robust monitoring solutions using Grafana and Prometheus.
Led troubleshooting, recovery, and root cause investigation efforts for production issues.
Analysed user requirements and system problems, identifying automation opportunities for system improvements.
Led Disaster Recovery exercises to ensure team readiness for unforeseen events.
Maintained comprehensive documentation for all activities, ensuring regular updates for transparency.
Worked with automation tools which are pre-installed in azure DevOps portal to build the packages. The automation tools like ANT and MAVEN with build.xml and pom.xml scripting languages depending on the packages like java, python, or .NET.
Experience working with Data bricks to manage and analyse large datasets, including data processing, data modelling, and data visualization.
Integrated monitoring and logging solutions like Prometheus and Elasticsearch into the application stack and using Java libraries or API's, developed custom monitoring and logging solutions tailored to the application requirements.
Strong understanding of distributed computing concepts and experience working with Data bricks clusters to scale data processing and machine learning workflows.
Utilized the Key cloak Java API to manage user authentication, authorization, and client applications programmatically.
Served as a technical advisor to customers, providing guidance on best practices, architecture design, and implementation strategies related to Azure services might involve conducting workshops, assessments, and technical deep dives to help customers optimize their Azure deployments.
Experience working with Data bricks to manage and analyse large datasets, including data processing, data modelling, and data visualization.
Proficient in using Data bricks notebooks for exploratory data analysis, feature engineering, and machine learning model training and deployment.
Experience in using PCF Ops Manager/BOSH to deploy and manage cloud foundry.
Created ARM template to join VM to existing domains, Create a sandbox setup of Azure Firewall with Zones.
Build effective monitoring, logging, and auditing of production systems to ensure compliancy with mandated policies.
Implemented and maintained monitoring and alerting systems using tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, and PagerDuty, resulting in a reduction in downtime through proactive issue detection and resolution.
Ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues related to F5 Load Balancer configurations, including SSL offloading, SSL encryption, and HTTP/HTTPS protocol issues.
Experience in implementing F5 solutions for high availability and disaster recovery.
Familiarity with F5 BIG-IP platform and related technologies such as VIPRION, iControl, and I Workflow.
Written and Maintained Automated Salt scripts for Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, and Beats.
Guide and support application teams with onboarding, troubleshoot and resolve implementation issues like Troubleshoot and identify Kibsy performance, connectivity and other issues for the applications hosted in Azure platform.
Groovy 2.5 brings us some useful methods to the String class. Calculating hashes is as simple as calling a method on a String.
Configured local Maven repositories with Nexus repositories and scheduled projects in Jenkins for continuous integration.
Responsible for troubleshooting technical issues and providing timely resolutions to customer concerns might involve analysing logs, monitoring metrics, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to address complex technical challenges.
Writing custom Gradle tasks, publishing plugins to Gradle plugins portal.
Provisioned ELK Stack on Azure environment with the help of Terraform and Ansible templates.
Designed and implemented Azure-based solutions tailored to meet the specific needs and requirements of our customers which might involve architecting solutions for scalability, security, and performance, utilizing various Azure services such as virtual machines, networking, storage, databases, and more.
Using Jenkins to deploy code to Azure create a new namespace, creating Docker images and pushing them to the container registry. Involved in setting up a Microservice architecture for application development.
Worked on Managing the Time Options in Nagios and Created an Event Handler for the Nagios Server.
Creating Clusters using Kubernetes and worked on creating many pods, replication controllers, services, deployments, labels, health checks and ingress by writing YAML files.
Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault-tolerant, auto scaling Kubernetes infrastructure and micro service container orchestration.
Mentored junior team members and provided technical guidance on SRE best practices, automation techniques, and troubleshooting methodologies, fostering a culture of continuous learning and knowledge sharing.

Environment: Azure, AKS, Ansible, Docker, Git, Jenkins, Log analytics, Maven, Azure Monitor, PowerShell, ELK Stack, Nagios, Terraform, Python, Bash, Shell, Kubernetes, Kibana, Docker Compose, Docker Swarm, Ansible Tower, Splunk.

Client: Abott, Princeton, NJ, USA AUG 2021 – OCT 2022
Role: Sr DevOps Engineer/SRE
Roles & Responsibilities:

Extensive experience working on AWS servers and Azure servers performing several operations.
Managing and Navigating through several repositories in GitHub and Bitbucket, assigning unique identifier tags such as asset ID, Production ID, Configuration ID.
Led root cause analysis sessions to prevent production issues and enhance system stability.
Demonstrated proficiency in Kubernetes, providing hands-on support for infrastructure reliability.
Implemented and optimized DevOps practices for Microservices using Kubernetes as the orchestrator.
Utilized tools like NGINX, Docker, Postman, SOAP UI, ELK, Splunk, App Dynamics, CI/CD tools, and GitLab.
Executed performance measures, tuning, and capacity planning strategies for optimal AWS performance.
Leveraged strong scripting knowledge to automate tasks and enhance operational efficiency.
Demonstrated a solid understanding of networking and routing concepts for seamless AWS integration.
Implemented security best practices for Java applications and infrastructure and integrated security checks into the CI/CD pipeline.
Build scripts using Maven build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Developed Terraform templates to create load balancers (ELB), EC2 instances with auto scaling, monitoring on the fly for different environments such as QA, SIT, stage which will run on different VPCs.
Configuring and Networking of Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
Developed CloudFormation scripts, deployed AWS resources and automated EC2 instances.
Experience in integrating F5 Load Balancer with other networking technologies such as firewalls, routers, and switches.
Familiarity with F5 BIG-IP platform and related technologies such as VIPRION, iControl, and I Workflow.
Wrote Terraform templates for AWS Infrastructure as a code (IaC) to build staging, production environments & set up build & automations for Jenkins.
Worked on Windows Azure Services like PaaS, IaaS and worked on storages like Blob (Page and Block), SQL, Azure.
Used Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) to deploy Kubernetes cluster in Azure. Created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI and used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager Templates and Terraform.
Managed infrastructure resources like physical machines, VM's and Docker containers using Terraform, Graphana, Harness, Gitlab.
Created a workspace for log analytics and enabled clustered addons, used integrated Azure Kubernetes service to check and figure out if requests are failing, inspected Kubernetes event or logs and watch your cluster health.
Created CI/CD Pipelines on Azure DevOps environments by providing their dependencies and tasks.
Configuring the Docker containers and creating Docker files for various environments and worked on Kubernetes environment.
Containerize Java applications using Docker and created Docker images to package applications and their dependencies and also utilized tools like Kubernetes for container orchestration and management.
Creating CloudWatch alerts for instance and using them in Auto-scaling launch configurations.
Installed and configured Docker containers and orchestration platforms such as ECS and Kubernetes.
Involved in development of Test environment on Docker containers and configuring the Docker containers.
Performed automation tasks on various Docker components like Docker Hub, Docker Engine, Docker Machine and Docker Registry. Worked with Docker images & Docker Container.
Involved in development of Test environment on Docker containers and configuring the Docker containers using Kubernetes.
Created scripts in Python to automate log rotation of multiple logs from web servers.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using AWS CloudWatch logs, Nagios.
Involved in scrum ceremonies (stand-up, grooming, planning, demo/review, and retrospective) with the teams to ensure successful project forecasting and realistic commitments.
Worked on JIRA for sprint sessions with user story and task assignment for approaching weekly targets. Hosted meetings assigned targets and tasks for weekly progression.
Worked on ServiceNow platform with the team to solve complex incidents, problems and tasks with several inputs from several clients/ customers.
Worked on Docker containers for containerizing applications and builds to perform various tasks.
Worked on Kubernetes by deploying configurations using yaml files and also orchestrating the container management. Created pods, clusters, nodes. Assigned primary and worker nodes for extensive scaling of the modules.

Environment: AWS, Azure, Jenkins, Bamboo, GitHub, Bitbucket, CA release automation, Graphana, Gitlab, Harness, Helm Charts, SonarQube, Confluence, JIRA, ServiceNow, AIM Agent, CyberArk, Kubernetes, Mesosphere, Groovy and Python Scripting.

Client: KLA Tencor, Milpitas, CA, USA OCT 2020 – JULY 2021
Role: DevOps Engineer/SRE Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:

Created multiple EC2 nodes, configured launched instances and maintained the AWS cloud infrastructure as required in the environment.
Hands on experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) provisioning and good knowledge of AWS services like EC2, S3, Glacier, ELB (Load Balancers), RDS, SNS, SWF, and EBS etc.
Implementing new projects builds framework using Jenkins and Maven as build framework tools.
Participate in Multiple Projects Architectures and Strategic Decisions meetings to Architect the new Software systems or modify the Existing ones.
Designing and Implementing AWS cloud-based solutions for on premise applications.
Responsible for automating the complete project using orchestrator and deploying the stacks in multiple environments.
Deployed AWS using Terraform on EC2 instance server and automated the complete deployment environments.
Migrated and automated cloud deployments using API's, Ansible, python and AWS Cloud Formation Templates.
Expertise in using IAM to create and manage AWS users and groups and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources.
Regular review and monitor each of your IAM policies to improve the security of your AWS account.
Implementing a Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Ansible, and Maven in Linux environment.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of AWS nodes and Tested Playbooks on AWS instances using Python.
Created Python Scripts to Automate AWS services which include web servers, ELB, Cloud front Distribution, database, EC2 and database security groups, S3 bucket and application configuration, this Script creates stacks, single servers or joins web servers to stacks.
Used infrastructure-as-code tools like Terraform or Ansible to provision and configure the underlying infrastructure for the Cassandra cluster includes setting up virtual machines or containers, configuring network settings, and installing dependencies required for Cassandra deployment.
Used Cloud formation to spin up resources effectively, Creating blueprint documents and templates in Cloud formation. Orchestrated provisioning of desired resources using cloud formation.
Implemented automation scripts for AWS API calls, wait loops, retry logic and several other operations using Cloud Formation. Achieved various operational results such as automatic rollbacks, cleanups and event logging and helpful AWS support using cloud formation.
Use build tools like Maven or Gradle to manage dependencies and build Java applications and set up Jenkins or another CI/CD tool to automate the build process and configured automated builds triggered by code commits to version control.
Used Terraform to automate, manage and provision infrastructure. Hosted webservers and load balancer for provisioning of resources to optimize the project.
Automated various infrastructure activities like Continuous Deployment, Application Server setup, Stack monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has Integrated Ansible with Jenkins.
Worked on Docker engine and Docker Machine environments, to deploy the micro services-oriented environments for scalable applications, Docker swarm to host cluster and container scheduling, Docker compose to define multiple container applications.
Experience with chef configuration management tool, responsible for managing chef client nodes and upload the cookbooks to chef server from the work station, Established Chef best practices approach to system deployment and managing Chef Cookbooks as a unit of software deployment and independently version controlled accordingly.
Configured, Automated and Deployed Chef configuration management to existing infrastructure.
Used Ansible and Ansible tower as configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications and proactively manage changes.
Implemented Python code using Ansible Python API to automate cloud deployment process, Developed Python modules for Ansible customizations.
Used Ansible playbooks to setup continuous delivery pipeline. Deployed micro services, including provisioning AWS environments using Ansible playbooks, Used Ansible to document all infrastructures into version control.
Worked on Monitoring systems Nagios, Splunk and repository nexus.
Configured Jenkins to create Docker image for build and performed tests on a Docker container.
Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Developed micro service on boarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant, auto scaling Kubernetes AWS infrastructure and micro service container orchestration.

Environment: Jenkins, Cloud formation, AWS, Confluence, Cloud watch, Ansible, Docker, RDS, Graphana, Apache Tomcat, Maven, WebLogic, Nexus, EC2, Git, Chef, SNS, Redis, Ansible, shell/Perl, Amazon VPC, Json, PostgreSQL, Bash, bitbucket, Python, Pom.Xml, Linux, Windows.

Client: United Airlines, Chicago, Illinois JULY 2019 - SEPT 2020
Role: Site Reliability Engineer
Roles & Responsibilities:

Built, configured, and deployed VMware pools, including parent/template image creation for end user and server roles utilizing WinXP/7 as well as Server.
Provided recommendations and training to optimize the virtual infrastructure environment.
Work closely with other testers and developers to improve automated framework (Junit/selenium) with bug fixes and feature requests.
Resolved merging issues during rebasing and re-integrating branches by conducting meetings with Development Team Leads.
Developed build and deployment scripts using ANT and MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Design and implement internal Linux infrastructure project Perform software installation, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, and maintenance of Linux system.
Performed maintenance and troubleshooting on the RedHat OpenShift systems and used it to manage the Kubernetes containerized applications.
Responsible for testing and production of web applications in TEST/STG/PROD environments.
Created API automation test scripts using Postman API and was involved in Jenkins CI/CD integration and configuration of Selenium and Postman.
Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment of the Cl/CD system to build, and test deploy.
Worked on Dynatrace guardian to obtain, debug, and update custom monitors and plug-ins.
Worked on deployment automation of all the microservices to pull images from the private docker registry and deploy them to the docker swarm cluster using Subversion.
Experience installing and configuring SSH (Secure Shell) encryption to access securely on Ubuntu and Red hat Linux. Responsible for configuring and connection to SSH through clients Putty.
Improve speed, efficiency, and scalability of the production environment, automating wherever possible using Python, Shell, PowerShell Scripts.

Environment: Junit/selenium, Jenkins, Maven, and Subversion, Kubernetes and Docker for containerization, Linux infrastructure management, Dynatrace, API automation, Python, Shell, PowerShell scripts, Secure Shell (SSH) configuration.

Client: Zensar Tech, Delhi, IN JULY 2013 - AUG 2018
Role: Linux System Administrator
Roles & Responsibilities:

Struts framework is used for building the Front-End.
Utilized the various enter Design patterns to develop the Business modules based on the required functionality.
Developed view and controller components.
Interacted with business analysts and other end users to resolve user requirements issues.
Developed user interface (view component of MVC architecture) with JSP, Struts Custom Tag libraries, HTML5 and JavaScript.
Extensively used jQuery in web-based applications
Developed the controller component with Servlets and action classes.
Business Components are developed (model components) using Enterprise Java Beans (EJB).
Experience in using Ext JS for the presentation tier and developer the screens of the application.
Developed Session Façade with Stateless Session bean to provide a uniform coarse-grained service access layer to clients.
JavaScript is used for client-side validation and to control some dynamic data.
Extensively worked with Oracle Application servers, Apache Tomcat, JBoss 4.2.3.
Used MAVEN scripts to fetch, build, and deploy application to development environment.
Wrote SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures for JDBC.
Prepared the REST and SOAP based service calls depending on the data passing to the web service.
Clear Case is used for version control.
Used MQ series to create, send, receive, and read messages.
Used software development methodologies such as waterfall.
Used Eclipse as Integrated Development Environment (IDE).
Prepared technical and
Contact this candidate