KAPAPA DANIEL DANGALE
Wylie, Texas +1-571-***-**** ad3v9k@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/danielkapapa72 AWS COMMUNITY BUILDER + 4X AWS CERIFIED
AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate, Solution Architect professional, DevOps Engineer professional and Cloud Practitioner with published cloud projects in AWS in Plain English, Nerd for Tech, and Python in Plain English. Experience with Linux, Amazon Web Services (AWS), automation tools, and Infrastructure-as-Code to manage installations, pipelines, and scripting. Results-driven information technology with nearly 7 years of experience in which the last 4 years are dedicated to serving as an expert in cloud computing to drive large business solutions for targeted customers. Keen ability to increase efficiencies, improve quality of services, and drive revenues through advances in IT capabilities. Technical competencies include:
DevOps: Amazon Web Services AWS, EC2, EC2 Auto Scaling Groups, S3, SQS, SNS, CloudWatch, CloudFront, Lambda, API Gateway, VPC, DynamoDB, RDS, Elastic Load Balancer, Elastic Container Registry, Elastic Container Service, Cloud Development, Infrastructure, Formation & Computing, Linux OS, Terraform, Docker, Shell Scripting, GitHub CI/CD, HTML, Apache, NGINX, Visual Studio Code, JSON, Boto3
Testing and Development Tools: GitHub, Terraform Cloud9, Docker, AWS CodeCommit, CodeDeploy, CodePipeline, & AWS Lambda
Languages: Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP
Cloud Engineer:
Solution Architect:
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & FEATURED CLOUD PROJECTS AWS-SAA, AWS DVA, K8S, DEVOPS & CLOUD ENGINEERING BOOTCAMP: Cloud Mastery Bootcamp 07/2023 – 03/2024
Completed comprehensive apprenticeship program with 18+ real-world projects. Conducted daily scrum stand-ups and engaged in scrum/sprint activities using Trello and Microsoft Teams. Accepted into AWS Community Builders program. Secure Multi-Tier Architecture – Featured in AWS in Plain English
Built a multi-tier application and deployed solution with security applied throughout architecture including encryption at rest, encryption in-transit, firewalls and application layer traffic inspection, DDoS protection, and OS-level security inspection.
Tools & Services: NAT Gateway, IAM Role, S3 Bucket, Auto Scaling Group, CloudFront, Rout 53, AWS Config, AWS WAF Serverless Event-Driven App – Published in X
Created a modern cloud-native fully serverless and event-driven application utilizing AWS services offering resilience, low-cost, and highly/automatically scalable.
Tools & Services: Amazon SQS, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, Amazon API Gateway Disaster Recovery
Developed an active/passive disaster recovery solution for a web application across multiple AWS Regions with failover between regions. Architecture provided fully automated DR failover with short RPO/RTO.
Tools & Services: MySQL, AWS Secrets Manager, Route 53, Load Balancer, Auto Scaling Group, Launch Configuration Python & Lambda
Reduced human error, automated repetitive tasks, and reduced costs by 38%, by programming all EC2s to stop on a nightly schedule utilizing script in a Lambda function and Python 3.9 runtime. 3 Tier Architecture
Designed and implemented a highly available 3-tier architecture in AWS containing a web, application, and database tier that hosted a static website, maintained security between tiers, and leveraged Auto-Scaling groups. Deployed in two availability zones with EC2 Launch templates for scalability, maintainability, flexibility, and security. Custom Terraform Module for 3 Tier Architecture
Leveraged infrastructure as code to deploy cloud environment. Modules allowed for reusability of code across projects and teams in addition to making infrastructure configurations more manageable. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CACI, INC.-FEDERAL February 2022 at present
Information Technology > Systems/Software Engineering – IT T5 KAPAPA DANIEL DANGALE
Wylie, Texas +1-571-***-**** ad3v9k@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/danielkapapa72 Responsible for designing, developing, documenting, testing and debugging applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers and/or hardware engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs, analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls, prepares operating instructions. Designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures software standards are met. Provides engineering support for technical implementation of cyber solutions in conjunction with hardware product development, for medical, industrial, military, communications, aerospace, and scientific applications, applying principles and techniques of computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis. Conducts vulnerability research, penetration testing, malware analysis and reverse engineering development of computer network operations tools. KALANI CONSULTING: January 2022 to August 2022
AWS Cloud Engineer, Operations
Responsible for design, development, and implementation of Cloud solutions. Provisioned, implemented and managed infrastructure as code through CloudFormation and other automation tools. Providing AWS operations and deployment guidance and best practices throughout the lifecycle of a project using VPC, Elastic Compute Cloud, EBS, Autoscaling, ELB, etc. Create AWS custom metrics to monitor processes and applications running on virtual machines. Monitor resources and create alerts based on thresholds. Participate in the software development life cycle to ensure cloud solutions are implemented. Provide documentation through Confluence. Work closely with our architects and engineers to recommend and design database or data storage solutions that effectively reflect our business needs, security, and service level requirements Work with application and architecture teams to conduct proof of concept (POC) and implement the design in production environment in AWS D3Clarity, TX July 2021 to February 2022
AWS Cloud Engineer/AWS DevOps Engineer (New Generation Infrastructure) Design and manage scalable and resilient cloud infrastructure and automation tooling for routine operation tasks • Develop tooling and associated processes to improve automation, efficiency, consistency and adherence to security and audit requirements and controls • Use automation, configuration management and deployment tools to provide cloud-based solutions • Work with solution architects and partners to confirm developed solutions align with existing standards, meet security controls and meet cloud computing best practices • Ensure cloud services and toolsets are deployed with best practices and fully documentation • Investigate and monitor current-state cloud usage, solutions in use, risks, gaps, limitations and recommend solutions, optimizations and remediation • Maintain comprehensive and systematic configuration, lifecycle and security management of servers • Worked with IAM and Active Directory to grant users. Excellent understanding and troubleshooting CloudFormation • Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic app into microservices, increasing scalability and optimizing speed
360 Tech Hub Inc Houston, TX September 2019 to May 2021 AWS Cloud Engineer/Junior
Create a solution prototype to ensure HA • Migrate applications by using CloudEndure • Architect Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ for automatic failover. • Build servers using AWS, importing volumes, launching EC2, RDS, creating SG, auto-scaling, ELBs in the defined VPC. • Designed AWS CFT’s to create multi region web applications and databases. • Using CloudWatch, VPC Flow Logs to monitor and retain account activity related to actions across AWS infrastructure. • Leverage AWS SSM to automate OS patching • Solution VPCs for various environments including VPC Peering and Transit Gateways. • Expertise in DevOps, Release Engineering, Configuration Management, Cloud Infrastructure, Automation. It includes Amazon Web Services (AWS), GitHub, LINUX etc. • Expertise in Docker containerized environment, hosting web servers on containers, building docker images using Dockerfile Oldest company MTCI (Management Consultant Inc), Laurel MD December 2017- Dec 2018 AWS Cloud Engineer/Internship
• The IAM Assisted team in integrating Cloud IAM solutions into OKTA. • Worked with IAM and Scrum teams to identify their IAM requirements, assisted in architecting IAM solutions that are secure, automated, scalable, and compliant. • Administered AWS Cloud Security – Allowing access to service and users with IAM, Security Group, Network Access Control List, MFA, etc. • Managed, Monitored, Troubleshoot and solved problems on AWS Infrastructure • Implemented maintenance and configuration of KAPAPA DANIEL DANGALE
Wylie, Texas +1-571-***-**** ad3v9k@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/danielkapapa72 user account for Dev, QA and production servers and created roles for EC2, RDS, S3, Cloud Watch resources to communicate with each other using IAM
Gap between 2012 to 2016 (AWS and Linux Training and couple jobs which don’t relate to IT) CERTIFICATIONS
• Certified Kubernetes Administrator: December 02, 2021
• AWS certified DevOps Engineer – professional: Mar 2021
• AWS certified Solution Architect – professional: Apr 2021
• AWS certified Solution Architect – Associate: May 2020
• AWS certified Cloud Practitioner: Oct 2019
EDUCATION
Northern Virginia Community College: Annandale Campus: Associate of applied science (Dec 2017 May 2020)
• Cyber security: Cumulative GPA: 3.6/4.0
• Cloud Computing Specialization: Cumulative GPA: 3.7/4.0 University of Goma/North-Kivu (UNIGOM) D.R. CONGO: Associate degree
• IT Management 2006-2008
University of Kisangani, D.R. CONGO: Bachelor degree
• Mathematics 2000-2004: Cumulative GPA: 3.4/4.0
US. Citizen/Clearance: Security Clearance Public-Trust DHS Suitability Spoken language: English, French, and Swahili
Contact this candidate