Israel Nathan Miwan
APPRENTICE – DevOps Technical Pathways Program
Contact
Westfield, Indiana
Phone: 317-***-****
Email: ad3w3a@r.postjobfree.com
ad3w3a@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn URL:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/israel-
nathan-miwan-968664260
Education
Ivy Tech Community College,
Indianapolis, Indiana
Information Technology/Technical
Certificate, Cloud Technologies
Anticipated Graduation March 2024
GPA: 3.13
Relevant coursework: Computing
Logic, Linux & Virtualization
Technology, Information Technology
Support Essential, and Informatics
Fundamentals.
High School Name: Lycee Bilingue
De Nyalla, Douala/Cameroun
Graduation Month Year: July 2012
Skills
Microsoft Office Suite
● Windows 10, iOS
● Word
● Excel
● PowerPoint
● Teams
Technical Skills/Languages
● Basic troubleshooting
● Python
● AWS (Amazon Web Services)
● Azure DevOps
Basic Computer Skills
● Operating system proficiency
● Using a web browser
● File management
Summary
Dedicated and enthusiastic Information Technology student that possesses a strong foundation in computer science and a passion for working in Cloud Technologies. Seeking a position to develop and enhance my DevOps engineer skills. I bring a solid understanding of networking, virtualization and server management. Proficient in scripting language Python. and my ability to quickly adapt to new technologies will enable me to excel in this role. Looking forward to working with an employer who values hands-on learning, encourages growth, and provides opportunities to collaborate on real-world cloud projects. Excited to contribute my skills while learning from experienced professionals in a dynamic and supportive environment.
Experience
March 2020 – Present
Packer/Picker • Amazon • Indianapolis, IN
● Fulfilled over 800+ customer orders daily by reviewing detailed tickets, locating, selecting and packaging items from an inventory storage area while ensuring quality and accuracy for shipping
● In a high-volume, fast paced environment, able to provide attention to details, time management and good communication skills through collaboration with teammates making appropriate product substitutions when necessary to ensure customer satisfaction and quality products are delivered.
● Mastered time efficiency and a 98% inventory accuracy improving results for the organization
July 2022 – September 2022
DevOps Intern • SOFTPARTNAS Group • Virtually (San Antonio, TX)
● Acquired knowledge of DevOps through a three month bootcamp working on applications such as Amazon web services (AWS), Azure DevOps, Git hub actions, Git, Kubernetes Jenkins, Docker, through use of the python platform to create an application named "DJANGO".
● Collaborated with a team of engineers, including representation from the DevOps, Scrum, Cyber Security, AWS, Quality Assurance and Information Technology departments to build applications and deploy them in the cloud.
● Successfully completed training and became proficient in the technical skills to be successful in DevOps career.
Projects
AdventureWorks Project
Linux & Virtualization Technology course - Spring 2023
● Tasked with finding a way to counter declining mail catalog orders and transitioning them to online sales.
● Analyzed and collaborated with classmates to develop a customer feedback Minimum viable product (MVP) that integrated with corporate data, created servers on Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform, installing and configuring them in order to allow over customers to review products and contribute to improve insights, aligning with AdventureWorks evolving strategy.
Contact this candidate