MUDASSIR AHAMED
DevOps/Cloud (AWS, Azure) Engineer
Ph: +91-978******* Email: ad3y4p@r.postjobfree.com Professional Overview
A dynamic professional with total 14 years of experience with Cloud, DevOps, Build & Release Engineering and Linux Administration
Certifications
AZ-900 Microsoft Azure Fundamentals
AZ-104 Microsoft Azure Administrator
Professional Summary
Highly motivated passionate having experience in several phases of the Software Development Life Cycle where my main area of expertise & specialized skills is in Build & Release Engineering that includes DevOps, Build Automation & Management, Software Configuration Management, Release Management, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.
Expertise in DevOps, Release Engineering, Configuration Management, Cloud Infrastructure, Automation. It includes Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, GitHub, Tomcat, Web Sphere & Linux etc.
Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for End-to-End automation deployments
Experience in Azure Infrastructure, AKS, ACR, Azure DevOps
Experience in Infrastructure as a code-Terraform.
Collaborated with the security team to establish fine-grained access controls within HashiCorp Vault, reducing the risk of unauthorized access.
Experience in AWS EC2, cloud storage S3 and security services IAM and in VPC, Cloud, Amazon Elastic Search, and Security Groups with an overall objective to improve the scalability, reliability, performance, and availability of the cloud infrastructure. Administrates the cloud development, test, and production cloud hosted environments. Experience in IAAS, PAAS, and SAAS solutions.
Experience in MAVEN as build tool in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Conduct regular security assessments, vulnerability scans, and penetration testing to identify and remediate potential security risks.
Worked with version/source management tools like GIT, GITHUB, and BITBUCKET.
Experience in implementing Continuous Integration and deployment using various CI Tools like Jenkins & configuration management tools ANSIBLE.
Expertise in creating DevOps strategy in mix environments of Linux (RHEL, CENTOS) along with AWS. Experience in configuration management tool Ansible for automatic configuration management /deployment integrated with Jenkins.
Responsible for Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD) process implementation-using Jenkins along with Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
Providing end-user support and training to facilitate seamless onboarding and troubleshooting of IAM processes.
Monitoring tools Nagios and experience in microservices.
Experience in working in Agile Methodology (SCRUM).
Experienced in deploying EAR, JAR, and WAR in Tomcat, JBoss Application Servers in Linux/Windows Environments.
Technical Skills:
CICD Tools Azure DevOps, Jenkins
Version Control GitHub, BitBucket, Azure DevOps
Scripting Languages Shell, yaml, groovy, python
Configuration Management/ Infrastructure as code Ansible/Terraform Build Tool Maven
Process Agile (Scrum)
Cloud Environment AWS, MS Azure
Container Docker
Container Orchestration Kubernetes
Monitoring Tools Nagios, CloudWatch
Application Server JBoss, Apache Kafka
Static/Source code analysis SonarQube, BlackDuck
Database Postgres SQL, MySQL, MongoDB
Operating System Linux (Red Hat 6/7), Ubuntu, Windows 07/08/10
AI Tools ChatGPT and other AI Tools
Professional Experience
Working as a Lead Software Engineer for Expleo Solutions Ltd from June 2022 to till date. Project1(Jan 2023 to till date)
Title : Cariad-Exploration and Visualization
Client : Cariad (Volkswagen Group)
Domain : Azure DevOps, AWS, Azure Infrastructure, ADP Data Lake Role : DevSecOps Engineer
Technologies used: Azure DevOps, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure Cloud, Jira, elk, python For a brief period, I worked on-site in Germany to help develop and use DevOps concepts. I worked on-site with offshore coworkers, including the client PO.
Roles and Responsibilities:
• Spearheaded the DevSecOps practices for the Cariad project, collaborating with cross-functional teams.
• Managing Infrastructure as a code using Terraform.
• Managed Azure and AWSinfrastructure using Terraform, orchestrated Kubernetes clusters (AKS), ECS in AWS and deployed applications using Docker.
• Working on Kubernetes cluster using AKS, container registries, blob storage, Key vault, ECS, S3, System Mgr, Secrets Mgr, etc.
• Led Azure DevOps implementation with YAML pipelines, Boards, and sprints, ensuring seamless CICD processes.
• Advocated for a security-first mindset, emphasizing the importance of making security a mandatory consideration in all development processes
• Working on Azure & AWS Cloud Infrastructure
• Managing and creating python scripts for automating Java and dataapps applications.
• Deployment of application to the cloud using AKS & Helm
• Containerization using Docker.
• Implemented and Managing Elasticsearch and Kibana for monitoring and troubleshooting.
• Troubleshooting and problem solving.
• Integrated SonarQube into CICD pipelines to automate code quality checks and ensure consistent code standards.
• Implemented Blackduck tool to analyze code for vulnerabilities.
• Worked with Frontend technologies in Angular, typescript,etc.
• Orchestrated compliance and automated CICD for data applications and streamlit.
• Compliance with the application to collaborate with developers, testers,etc .
• Fostered collaboration between frontend and backend teams to streamline deployment workflows. Architect responsibilities:
• Defining a systematic solution which fits best across the technical, operational and management standards.
• Automating the process current processes with proper tools.
• Establishing a continuous build environment to accelerate software deployment and development processes.
• Re-defining architecture by analyzing the current system and following new practices.
• Build and establish new channels for the Operations and Development Teams.
• Troubleshooting and problem solving.
• Compliance with the application to collaborate with developers, testers,etc .
• Fostered collaboration between frontend and backend teams to streamline deployment workflows. Project2(Jun 2022 to Dec 2022)
Title : Cariad-Sec
Client : Cariad (Volkswagen Group)
Domain : Azure DevOps, Azure Infrastructure
Project Type : Simulation Project
Role : DevSecOps Engineer
Technologies used: Azure DevOps, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure Cloud, Bitbucket, Jira, python Roles and Responsibilities:
• Managed Infrastructure as a code using Terraform
• Worked on Kubernetes cluster using AKS
• Worked on Azure DevOps-Repos, Build pipeline using yaml, Boards with sprints, backlogs,etc.
• Worked on Azure Cloud, Azure DevOps for CICD.
• Deployment of application to the cloud using AKS & Helm
• Containerization using Docker
• Managed secrets and protects sensitive data across various infrastructure and services in hashicorp vault and some on azure key vault
Worked as a Senior Systems Engineer for EPAM Systems from May 2021 to March 2022 Project:
Project Name : Verifone-Merchant Onboarding Portal (MOP)
Tools : Linux, Jenkins, BitBucket, Ansible, Maven, Verifone Cloud Services, Azure DevOps, Azure Cloud & AWS
Client : Verifone
Role : Senior DevOps Systems Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:
Configuring builds via build process using Maven in Jenkins.
CI/CD process.
Used Jfrog Artifactory.
Performed all necessary day-to-day activities in Bitbucket support for different projects.
Responsible for design and maintenance of the Bitbucket repositories and access control strategies.
Creation of Pipeline jobs in Jenkins.
Implementing, and managing user authentication and authorization processes using Okta's Single Sign-On
(SSO) and Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) solutions.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to integrate applications and systems with Okta, enhancing user experience and security.
Analyzed source code to identify and remediate security vulnerabilities with SAST and DAST tools.
Managing identity and Access Management, IAM, Okta, Single Sign-On, Multi-Factor Authentication, Security, Access Control, User Authentication, Authorization, Security Audits, User Support, Migration, Data Integrity.
Integration of jobs from BitBucket to Jenkins, upload to artifactory.
Automation by executing the python scripts.
Designed and maintained BitBucket repositories, managing access control strategies.
Orchestrated CICD pipelines using Jenkins, Maven, and BitBucket, automating build processes and ensuring consistent deployments. Setting up new projects/releases in Jenkins.
Deployment of application to the cloud using AKS, Helm to the container registries, workspaces, key vault, app insights, AAD, PostgreSQL etc in Azure.
Automated SDLC from corporate to cloud level using Ansible, Docker, Azure and AWS services.
Implemented infrastructure as code using Terraform, optimizing AWS EC2 instances, S3 buckets, and security groups and blob storage in Azure,
Implemented DevSecOps practices, ensuring that security measures are integrated into every stage of the software development lifecycle.
Containerized environments using Docker, improving scalability and consistency.
Used SonarQube for continuous code quality inspection, identifying and addressing code smells, bugs, and security vulnerabilities.
Responsible for automation of SDLC from corporate level to cloud level.
Cloud level automation of all the environments Dev, QAT, CST & PROD using Ansible.
Containerizing the environments using Docker.
Used Jira tool for bug tracking/issue management tool. Worked as a Senior Software Engineer for Glitz Technologies Pvt Ltd from Apr 2017 to May 2021
Project #1:
Project : SELECTIVE INSURANCE
Environment : Git, Github, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, Kuberbetes, AzureDevOps, Azure, AWS, Ansible, Linux, Tomcat.
Role : DevOps Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:
Configuring builds via build process using Maven, Jenkins.
Design EC2 instance architecture to meet high availability application architecture and security parameters.
Creating S3 buckets and managing policies for S3 buckets and Utilized S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS.
Leveraged OpenShift, Kubernetes, and Docker to orchestrate and manage containerized applications
Worked on AWS services such as Setting up new server (EC2) instances/services in AWS, Configuring security groups, and setting up Elastic IP's, auto-scaling configuration, and Cloud Formation and Ops Works.
Azure services like AKS, ACR, blob storage, container registries, etc.
Contributing to the development of IAM strategies that align with the organization's overall security objectives.
IAM solutions allowed me to contribute effectively to the enhancement of security measures while optimizing user access management.
Managing identity and Access Management, IAM, Okta, Single Sign-On, Multi-Factor Authentication, Security, Access Control, User Authentication, Authorization, Security Audits, User Support, Migration, Data Integrity.
Configure continuous integration pipeline using DevOps strategies and DevOps tools.
Configuring software to Linux machines.
Designed and deployed AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, and EBS Elastic Load Balancer.
Automated software deployment using chef and provisioned Linux hosts.
Setting up new projects/releases in Jenkins.
Implemented DevSecOps practices, ensuring that security measures are integrated into every stage of the software development lifecycle.
Configured Ansible at Linux machines and schedule jobs to read every 30 minutes.
Making sure software teams are delivering their products by following safe-agile methodologies.
Monitor and manage Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment, nightly and release builds using Maven, Jenkins.
Resolving ad-hock issues in day-to-day basis as per SLA’s.
Provided daily technical support to all development teams throughout all phases of the software development lifecycle and identified & mitigated potential issues & obstacles prior to products being deployed onto live client systems.
Used Jira as bug tracking/issue management tool.
Wrote deployment scripts using shell.
Installing and configuring application servers for deploying artifacts as per project requirements.
Integrate Unit Testing, Code Coverage and Deployment tools with Jenkins.
Deploying artifacts to environments Dev/Test/Stage/Production using HP release service tools.
Extensive knowledge in troubleshooting builds, deployment, configuration problems in development, QA, and production environments.
Project #2:
Project : Element Financial Corporation, USA
Environment : GIT, ANSIBLE, Maven, Jenkins, Red Hat Linux, Apache.
Role : DevOps Engineer
Roles and Responsibilities:
Customize deployment process using Linux shell to automate the overall deployment process.
Managing and Administrating GIT tools include creating Branches, Tagging and Access.
Coordinating with developers and testers for SVN and GIT related issues.
Responsible for maintaining GIT and troubleshooting the daily issues.
Involved in editing the existing MAVEN files in case of errors or changes in the project requirements.
Worked on MAVEN to automate the build process and wrote shell script to automate deployment process.
Involved in setup of CICD tool Jenkins.
Leveraged OpenShift, Kubernetes, and Docker to orchestrate and manage containerized applications.
Implemented containerization strategies to achieve scalability, portability, and resource efficiency.
Automate the build process using, GIT, and Maven, Jenkins, Ansible.
Developing and maintaining build files by using MAVEN, Shell script.
Responsible for creating the new projects & new build setup using Jenkins.
Responsible for the deployment Linux for Dev/ QA, staging, production environment.
Worked as a system administrator for the build and deployments process on the enterprise server.
Deploying the Ears, JAVA Wars and Jars appropriately and setting up the Apache Tomcat, Jboss instances.
Trouble shooting and resolved issues in DEV /Test Environment.
Participating in SCRUM meetings every day.
Worked as a Software Engineer for KeyBell Solutions Ltd from Jan 2010 to March 2017 Roles and Responsibilities:
Automate the build process using, GIT, and Maven, Jenkins, Ansible.
Developing and maintaining build files by using MAVEN, Shell script.
Responsible for creating the new projects & new build setup using Jenkins.
Responsible for the deployment Linux for Dev/ QA, staging, production environment.
CI/CD using Jenkins in corporate and cloud level.
Setting up new projects/releases in Jenkins.
Customize deployment process using Linux shell to automate the overall deployment process.
Deploying EAR, WAR and JAR file.
Monitoring system performance and troubleshoot issues, ensuring high levels of performance, availability, and security.
Managed user accounts, permissions, and access rights in a Linux environment.
Implementing and maintaining system security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.
Performing remote administration using Putty.
Deploying applications in development environment.
Projects in delivering project objectives and maintaining systems.
Administration activities such as setting user accounts, roles, access, and privileges. Academic Details:
Executive Master of Business Administration in Project Management (Correspondence) from IndianSchool of Management and Studies, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Dr. MGR Educational & Research Institute, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Contact this candidate