RADHA NAMPALLI E-mail: ad3ztd@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No: +1-470-***-**** Role: Devops Engineer

SUMMARY :

2+ years hands-on experience of DevOps, Automation, Build engineering and Configuration management.
Followed best practices, optimize processes, adapt new technologies, quick learner and hardworking individual.
Good communication skills with the ability to self start and multi-task.
Experience with cloud infrastructure of AWS (Amazon Web Services) and computing AMI virtual machines on EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud).
Expertise on Installation and Configuration of Continuous Integration tool Jenkins.
Automation of build process (Build automation) using the Jenkins and Git.
Hands on experience in Maven build tool for compiling and packaging the artifact.
Hands on experience in repository tool Nexus with Maven integration from Jenkins pipeline.
Hands on experience in configuring SonarQube with Maven from Jenkins pipeline.
Hands on experience in monitoring tools like Nagios .
Having experience on Apache Tomcat.
Virtualized the servers AWS using Docker, created the Docker Files, built the Docker Images, ran the Docker Containers.
Strong knowledge about Software configuration management tools( GIT).
Good knowledge on experience on the Kubernetes.
Work with Development Teams and Testing Team to establish a build schedule, execute the builds and troubleshoot build failures, if any.
Manage all aspects of the end to end release process.
Managed environments DEV, QA, UAT and PROD for various releases and designed instances.
Responsible for code merges on a regular frequency to integrate the source code from various branches to maintain baseline code after every release
Provide production support and development environments. Ability to communicate requirements effectively to team members and manage applications.
Administering GIT repository, and assigning users permission to branches, resolving merge conflicts, reviewing pull requests.
Managing version control tools, builds and deploy for java based applications.

SKILLS INVENTORY:

Version Control Systems :
Git
Continous Integration,Management:
Jenkins
Continous Deployment:
Puppet
Build Tools:
Ant,Maven
Cloud:
AWS
Configuration/scripting Languages:
Yaml,Shell
Operating Systems:
Windows,Linux
DBMS:
SQL,OracleDB
Other:
Github,gitlab,Sonarqube,Docker,ECS,Kubernetes,Apache Tomcat,nexus,Jira….

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Larsen & Toubro Ltd. from june 2017 to august 2019 as devops engineer

PROJECT DETAILS

1.Client: Portico
Project Description: Configuring and managing the application using Devops Tool

Role and Responsibilities:

Creating New Repository in GIT
Involved in Branching, Tagging of code delivery at required releases
Automated the backup of the GIT repository by using Crontab
Creating build environment like installing all the required software
Automating build scripts as per our requirement with CI tools
Involved in automation of deployment and configuration process using shell script
Involved in scheduling the automated build called Nightly Builds.
Work with Development Team and testing team to establish a build schedule.
Interacting with developers to sort out issues related to Build Automation.
Create documents on build process and flow, build script maintenance, user guide for developers for local builds.
Installing and configuring application server for QA and production environment.
Analyzing application logs in order to determine the possible cause of issues and reporting errors
Documentation of patch Management process and build/release Process
Infrastructure Management activities like Access management, software installation on all
production and QA servers.

Technologies: Git,maven,Apache Tomcat,linux,shell script….

2.Client: Liberty Global
Project Description: Configuring and managing the application using Devops Tools

Roles and Responsibilities:

Installed application on AWS EC2 instances, also configured the storage on S3 buckets.
Experience in configuring Auto Scaling Groups with EC2 so that to increase/decrease the no. of instances when required.
Installed, Configured, Managed, and Created different Build and Deployment Jobs in Jenkins.
Build Management - Experience in tools such as Jenkins, Maven, Nexus for build management
Experienced in building automation, Project Management tools like Maven.
Used Jenkins, for Continuous Integration and deployment into Tomcat Application Server.
Branching, Tagging, release activities on version control tools like GIT & Github
Responsible for supporting 24X7 in production and non-production environments.

Environment: AWS Cloud, Apache Tomcat, Linux, Ansible, GIT, Maven, Jenkins.

EDUCATION :

Diploma (EEE) from JNGP university, Hyderabad in 2010 Distinction with 74% .
SSC from sri nayaki high school,Hyderabad in 2007 Distinction with 71.6%.

.
Contact this candidate