Suresh Kumar Chavvakula
AWS DevOps SRE Middleware ExaLogic Hadoop – Consultant

Email: ad4223@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: +1-925-***-****
Location: Texas, United States LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/suresh-kumar-chavvakula-8613592b
Summary:

Oracle certified WebLogic administrator with Over 18+ years of experience in middleware technologies like WebLogic, WebSphere, SOA, OSB, BPM, BPEL, Oracle HTTP, OTD, Apache, SunOne, JBoss, Tomcat, BladeLogic,J2ee, Informatica, Tibco, Coherence, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform, Hadoop, KAFKA and AWS services.

.
Extensive hands-on experience in installation and configuration of middleware technologies like WebLogic, fusion middleware products, tomcat and webservers.
More than 13+ years of experience in L3 support
Experienced in shell, Python & ansible (YAML) scripting.
Expertise in integration of IBM Cognos with WebLogic server.
Experienced in 250+ Applications migration while working with Bayer client.
Good hands-on knowledge of Configuration Management and Deployment tools such as Terraform and Ansible
Planning and executing business continuity testing, security assessment and infrastructure capabilities.
Expertise in deploying applications in CI/CD using Jenkins.
Experience in designing and building middleware platforms to deploy J2EE applications.
Expertise in deploying java applications in webservers and application servers.
Experienced in performance tuning.
Experienced on monitoring tools SiteScope, ELK, Dynatrace and Splunk
Experienced in Oracle EXALOGIC
Experienced in oracle database.
Experienced in docker & Kubernetes.
Experienced in 100+ WebLogic installation and configuration as part of end of service life cycle (EOSL) activity.
Handled critical application Pearl chain successfully which is deployed on 14 Environments.
Experienced on Vulnerability Management
Zeal to accomplish deadline task.
Employment History:

Organization
Duration
Designation
Computacenter
Sep 2022 - Feb 2024
IT Expert Senior
Capgemini India Pvt Ltd
Apr 2009 - July 2022
Senior Consultant
Tech Mahindra Ltd
Dec 2005 - Mar 2009
Technical Associate

Certifications:

1Z0-133 - Oracle WebLogic Server 12c: Administration
ITIL V4

Education Qualifications:

Bachelor of Science from K.G.R.L College from Andhra University, India.

Projects Summary:

1.ComputaCenter Sept 2022 to Feb 2024

Project 1: Yorkshire Building Society, UK Work Location: Bangalore. India
Role : Site Reliability Engineer
Duration: Oct 2022 to Jan 2024

Responsibilities / Deliverables:
Create multiple environments with middleware technologies and fine-tuned performance issues.
Install and configure WebLogic and WebSphere application servers, SOA, OSB and BPEL, HTTP web servers
Configure SSL certificates and troubleshoot SSL handshake issues.
Responsible for L3 support and troubleshooting for applications issues.
Installed and configured Tomcat 7.0, JBOSS EAP 8 and Weblogi12c on RHEL 7
Configured JDBC in WebLogic and JBossEAP
Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in clustered environments.
Applied quarterly patches through OPatch utility.
Worked on Patch Automation.
Deploying the code through Jenkins’s pipeline.
Taking thread dumps and analyzing the dumps
Successfully Implemented G1GC to mitigate frequent Memory Issues.
Involved in Performance issues.
Written automation scripts using shell scripting and Ansible
Troubleshooting the issues and provided RCA if any escalated issues.
Creating tickets with vendor and Proactively Working with vendors to resolve issues
Maintain the infrastructure and solutions on cloud and on-prem.
Performed Tomcat patch update from Version 7.0.100 to 7.0.107
Installation of MQ, Configured Web Sphere MQ Queue Managers, Queues, and Channels etc.
SSL certificate installation
Taken thread dumps and analyzed dumps using fastthreads.io
Analyzing the Heap dumps using heaphero.io during memory issues.
Managing a distributed architecture framework hosting J2EE internet intranet applications

3. Capgemini, Bangalore April 2009 to Mar 2023

Project 1 : Bayer Work Location: Bangalore, IN
Role : Architect
Duration : April 2021 to July 2022

Responsibilities / Deliverables

Automate the process using Shell Scripting
Trouble shooting issues related to migration and provided solutions.
Interacting with Db team, Network team, firewall team, DNS team and LDAP team during migration.
Worked on WebLogic migration issues and successfully migrated 1800 managed servers.
Migrated 100+ application successfully.
Configuration of Node Manager.
Troubleshooting the Apache configuration issues and provided solution.
Successfully tested WebLogic patch automation.
Worked on SSL certificate renewals.
Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in clustered environments.
Configuring the services like Data source
Tuning the JVM parameters.
Taking Heap dumps during memory issues and analyzing the dumps
Worked on Middleware server Vulnerabilities.
Involved in informatica migration issues.
Worked on Apex application migration and delivered successfully.
Experience of upgradation of WebLogic and Informatica
Administrating and Troubleshooting Coherence and WebLogic Issues
successfully delivered WebSphere BPM and Process server Migration.
Oracle OSB migration issues resolved successfully.
Started TIBCO services successfully after migration.
Migrated Hadoop (Cloudera) cluster successfully.
Responsible for commissioning and decommissioning of nodes from Clusters
Maintaining cluster health and HDFS space for better performance.
Rebalancing the Hadoop Cluster.
Involved in minor and major upgrades of Hadoop & Hadoop eco system
Allocating the name and space Quotas to the users in case of space problems.
Installation of various Hadoop Ecosystems and Hadoop Daemons.
Experienced in managing and reviewing Hadoop log files.
Involved on HDFS regular backups & scheduling backup
Experience monitoring and troubleshooting issues with Linux, CPU, OS, storage.
Experience in tuning the Linux parameters required for Hadoop clusters.

Project 2 : Canon Work Location: Bangalore, IN, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Role : Site Reliability Engineer
Duration : March 2019 to July 2021
Responsibilities / Deliverables:

Part of DevOps Engineer/SREs, and implemented process and strategies to improve infrastructure scalability, reliability, and security
Configured monitoring for observability of the environment and created alert policies to proactively monitor all environments to improve availability of the applications.
Created Dashboards in ELK and good exposure in installation and configuration.
Involved in resolving Java code troubleshooting issues/fixes and updated Jira tickets which were reported by Support teams.
Troubleshooted various environments’ deployment and run time issues and documented resolutions for future reference.
Converted various components deployed manually in the past into infrastructure code to minimize technical debt.
Configured SSL certificates and troubleshoot SSL handshake issue.
Identified connectivity issues in network, database, and load balancing mechanism.
Written Shell scripts to manage resources to simplify administration.
Working as a Middleware admin for four critical applications of Canon
Responsible for L2/L3 support and troubleshooting for applications issues.
Installed and configured Tomcat 7.0, Weblogi12c on RHEL 7
Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in clustered environments.
Applied quarterly patches through OPatch utility.
Worked on Patch Automation.
Deploying the code through Jenkins’s pipeline.
Taking thread dumps and analyzing the dumps
Successfully Implemented G1GC to mitigate frequent Memory Issues.
Involved in Performance issues.
Troubleshooting the issues and provided RCA if any escalated issues
Creating tickets with vendor and Proactively Working with vendors to resolve issues.
More than hundred data refreshes did successfully
Interacting Unix team and database team for resolving the issues.
Configured the alerts on ELK and Monitoring the servers through Kibana
Automated Daily Sanity Report through Jenkins CICD Pipeline
Support maintenance activities (Linux patching, Database patching)
Completed all major and minor tasks within SLA.
Performed Tomcat patch update from Version 7.0.100 to 7.0.107
SSL certificate installation
Taking Heap dumps during memory issues and analyzing the dumps
Support provided for typical migration VPC database to Exa-data databases across canon.

Project 3 : Total, Orion and Dresser Rand Work Location: Bangalore, IN, LYON France
Role : L3 Support
Duration : August 2016 to March 2019

Responsibilities / Deliverables:

VServer creation on ExaLogic.
Expertise in upgradation of OEL 5.8 to 6.7.
Cloning of VServers through OVM.
Creating Server templates.
Memory and CPU upgrade on VServers.
Creation of shares, project, NIS configuration.
Patch set update on ExaLogic boxes.
Troubleshooting the issues, working on service request with oracle.
Backup on all VServers, and infrastructure components.
Creating a WebLogic Domain on ExaLogic VServers.
Creating Filesystems for app and db environments such as Logical volumes. (LVM create, Extend).
Mounting and Unmount NFS mount points as part of OEL upgradation.
Upgrading and applying Kernel patches
Monitoring the Hardware faults through ILOM and troubleshooting the issues.
Monitoring ExaLogic VM’s through EMOC. (Ops Center).
Expertise knowledge in patching the ExaLogic Control stack and proxy controllers.
Taking the ExaLogs from ExaLogic Stack on periodical basis.
Installed and configured Oracle WebLogic 11G and IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.0/6.1/7.0 on Solaris, & RHEL.
Configuration of clusters and domains.
Installation and configuration of SSL Certificates on WebLogic Server.
Install, configure and maintain JBoss EAP 4.x/5.x/6.x on Solaris and Red hat Linux.
Configuration of the DMGR and AppServer profiles.
Applying the fix packs and Feature pack.
Experience on Upgradation of Apache and Tomcat Servers
Worked on Middleware server Vulnerabilities.
Extensively worked on Oracle SOA suite administration, installation, configuration, tuning.
Experience in setting of High Availability and clustering for Oracle SOA suite.
Proficient in Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA Administration, Java, Oracle Database 10g.
Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in clustered environments.
SSL certificate installation and configuration on WebLogic

Project 4 : SFR, SCHNEIDER ELCTRIC, SEQUANA Work Location: Bangalore, IN, Grenoble France
Role : L3 Support
Duration : April 2015 to July 2016

Responsibilities / Deliverables:

Managing ExaLogic and Exadata using CLI/Graphical user interfaces.
Applying patches to ExaLogic rack.
Managing and configuring the users and access.
Applied PSU patches to ExaLogic rack. ExaLogic Elastic cloud (Physical and Virtual).
Upgrading ExaLogic components and ZFS.
Interacting with Oracle support.
Backup (ExaBR) and Report Generation (ExaChk, ExaLogs) backup configurations.
Administering ExaLogic components like InfiniBand switches, ZFS storage, compute nodes.
Handling OEM & ILOM alerts for all the Environment.
Monitoring using 12c EM.
Troubleshooting OS related issues.
Managing Virtualized Environment through EMOC Console, complete lifecycle management of VServers.
24x7 production monitoring and support for multiple JBoss instances across production, DR, Training other critical environments.
Coordinating with client by understanding their requirements & assigning the work & working with team members to accomplish the various tasks
Worked on WBI (WebSphere Business Integration) Product
Installation of MQ, Configured Web Sphere MQ Queue Managers, Queues, and Channels etc.
Created MQ objects on local and remote MQ servers.
Configured and implemented Distributed Queuing on Client/Server architectures.
Created and modified MQ objects such as Queue Managers, channels and queues.
Upgraded Informatic Successfully

Project 5 : DLG Work Location: Bangalore, IN
Role : Build Lead
Duration : Sept 2014 to March 2015

Responsibilities / Deliverables:

As a Build Lead have delivered the environments to client as per agreed timelines.
Co-ordinate with other teams and vendor for fixing the build issues.
Have been involved in Migrations of application from build to Run phase.
Providing the transition to run team from Build Perspective.
Installed and configured Oracle WebLogic 11G and IBM WebSphere Application Server 6.0/6.1/7.0 on AIX, Solaris, &RHEL.
Installation and configuration of SSL Certificates on WebLogic Server.
Configuration of the DMGR and Appserver profiles.
Applying the fix packs and Feature pack.
MQ installation and configuration on different platforms.
Created MQ Queues and Channels required for the Application.
Troubleshooting MQ Issues.
Configuring WAS and setting up environment for new applications.
Have taken KT for JBoss & IDM and supported.
Analyzing Activity log files and diagnosing Application Server problems.
Configuring of JDBC Providers and Data Source.
Tuning the JVM parameters.
Experience on IBM sterling connect direct.
Interacting Unix team and database team for resolving the issues.
Installation, configuration, administration, managing IIS 6, 7,7.5 and 8.0Monitoring entire web infrastructure and troubleshooting any issues.
Installing and renewing certificates on the servers.
Troubleshooting all types of server related issues and web applications.
Good experience in analyzing the application server logs and event viewer logs for troubleshooting
Troubleshooting all types of server related issues and web applications.

Project 6 : Eneco Work Location: Bangalore, IN,
Role : L3 support
Duration : March 2014 to Sept 2014

Responsibilities / Deliverables:
Installation, configuration of WebLogic server 11G.
Configuration of Horizontal Clusters.
Configuration of Node Manager.
Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in clustered environments.
Configuring the services like Data source and multi data Source.
SSL certificate installation and configuration on WebLogic.
Trouble shooting critical situation in WebLogic servers and Oracle Http Servers.
Configuring the APEX Listeners.
Compilation of Forms and Reports.
Configuration of Proxy plug-in between OHS and WebLogic server through em console.
Interacting Unix team and database team for resolving the issues.

Project 7 : General Motors Work Location: Bangalore, IN
Role : Offshore Support Lead
Duration : Apr 2009 to Feb 2014

Responsibilities / Deliverables:

Installation, configuration of WebLogic server, WebSphere and Sunone webserver.
Upgradation of WebLogic servers in development, testing and production environment and applying patch and service packs.
Configuring the DMGR and Appserver profiles.
Cluster Configuration and Application Deployment on WebSphere.
Proficient in Oracle Fusion Middleware SOA Administration, Java, Oracle Database 10g.
Deployment and troubleshooting of JAR, WAR, and EAR files in clustered environments.
Migration of WebLogic servers from Solaris servers to Linux environment.
Worked with SunOS 5.8, 5.9 and 5.10.
Worked with Sun One Web server 6.0 and 7.0 with different service packs.
Installation of JDK on Sun Solaris box.
Worked on virtual hosting of instances in Sun One web server in Production.
Worked on URL redirection in Sun One 6.1 in production.
Worked with Interwoven Open Deploy for deploying contents.
Proxy setting of web server so that it will communicate with the WebLogic application server.
Installation of SSL Certificates on Sun One webserver.
Performance tuning and troubleshooting issues related to WebLogic and Sun One.
Applying quarterly security patches released by Oracle BEA.
Installation and configuration of Cognos.
Integrated IBM Cognos with WebLogic server.

3. Tech Mahindra Bangalore Jan 2006 to Mar 2009

Project 1 : BTRSG, BT Northbound Gateway, BT Wholesale Hub Work Location: Bangalore, IN
Role : Application Support
Duration : Jan 2006 to March 2007

Responsibilities / Deliverables:

Monitoring the WebLogic application servers on 24 X 7 basis.
Housekeeping activities.
Interacting with other stake holders and BT service management.
Administration of WebLogic domains.
Service improvement activities.
Configuration of connection pools, JMS and Messaging bridges.
WebLogic performance tuning.
Deployment of new application versions, patches in production and Disaster Recovery environment.
Work on the production problem as report by the BT Service desk.
Management of problems through Bridge Queue and assigning it to appropriate teams.
Interacting with 3rd line support team for resolution of problems.
Interacting with external vendor like BEA for resolution of problems.
Housekeeping of space in the UNIX file systems and Database tables.
Prepare Deployment Guide.
Responding to Queries from Service Manager /Customers regarding missing orders.
Creating Traps on log for monitoring purpose.
Contact this candidate