Monona *****
319-***-****
ad438i@r.postjobfree.com
Gaston Essome
Green Card holder, Does NOT require Sponsorship
Summary
I have over 4 years of experience in DevOps with expertise in finding solutions and determining customer satisfaction. I worked toward making sure the entire process is automated so that high availability, reliability, the elimination of human error, and non productive time be achieved during various operations. I’m motivated and able to learn new technologies or concepts very fast. I’m capable of handling multiple tasks, working under pressure, having strong customer service skills, and being an excellent team player.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Scripting Languages: Bash shell, Yaml,
Operating system: Linux (Centos, Ubuntu,).
Web Servers/App: Apache, Tomcat, Nginx.
Version ControlSystem: Git.
Code repository: GitHub.
Infrastructure as Code and Configuration andManagement: Terraform, Terragrunt, Jenkinsfiles. Ansible Package manager andDeployment strategies : Helm for Kubernetes, ArgoCD Database Technologies: Dynamo DB, MySQL PostgreSQL. Automation Testing, Continuous Integration, andBug tracking tools: Jenkins, Slack, Maven, Jira, Cloud Computing: AWS Services.
Container Orchestration and Containerization: Kubernetes (EKS-AWS), Docker, Docker compose.
Container repository: Docker Hub, ECR.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
EK TECH SOFTWARE SOLUTION (Dec 2019 - present) DevOps Engineer Present authoritative knowledge and skilled implementation of state-of-the-art technologies, strategies, and IT services for corporate clientele and their needs in technical support, network solutions, and data management. Provide effective, scalable applications and secure network solutions. Enable business continuity, seamless operations, and zero downtime using a variety ofDevOps best practices.
Use Docker and Kubernetes on multiple cloud providers, from helping developers build and containerize their application (CI/CD) to deploy either on a public or private cloud.
Use GIT to change code and collaborate with developers by using git commands such as git pull, git clone, git commit, git merge, git branch,git push, and other commands.
Building pipelines, creating, and managing the build and deploy process, and assisting with infrastructure requirements.
Provision, configure and maintain AWS cloud infrastructure defined as code.
Maintain and update Terraform modules for our Platform and microservices repository in all environments, develop new modules to create new resources in AWS as needed.
Responsible for writing Kubernetes declarative manifest files and also imperative commands to create pods, replicasets, services, deployments, scale, rolling updates and roll-backs in the Kubernetes cluster.
Create, modify, or delete Infrastructure as Code (IAC) to maintain and deploy cloud infrastructure
Configure autos-calling to automatically scale servers up and down during peak time based on a scaling policy.
Use Docker-compose to deploy many containers of an application into a virtual machine
(understand a concept like depends-on, link, network, volume, and restart policy).
Write Dockerfiles to build customized images. Write bash shell scripting for, automation, deployments, server configuration, system tasks, tables configuration, Kernel updates, package installation, and system resource inventory, resulting in increased productivity and efficiency.
Maintain and update Terraform modules for our Platform and microservices repository in all environments, and develop new modules to create new resources in AWS as needed.
Write Ansible playbook, pull custom images from the registry and deploy into Kubernetes cluster, and the configuration of development, test, and production environments using Ansible.
Troubleshoot failed deployment, configure build and deployment tools to send an Email notification in case the deployment or a build fails.
Configure Jenkins nodes/slaves to master with SSH and launch agents to distribute the Jenkins master server’s workload. Also, configure Maven jobs and freestyle projects in Jenkins for a variety ofprojects.
Exercise collaborative teamwork with the development team to implement code modifications. Employ Git to clone, pull, revert, reset, merge, fetch, add, commit, and push codes from local to remote repositories such as GitHub.
Enable Jenkins master to pull the source code from GitHub automatically when there is a new one. Use Maven and other automation tools to compile, test, review, package the source code and store the Artifact in the AWS S3 bucket.
EDUCATION
High school diploma at lycee d’akwa in douala cameroon. Level 3 at university of douala cameroon.
CERTIFICATION
Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA)
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Native language: French.
Contact this candidate