SE
SONA ESEME KUNTZ
ad4ba7@r.postjobfree.com 502-***-**** Louisville, KY 40206 WWW: Bold Proﬁle Talented systems administrator oﬀering two and a half years of experience in a Unix/Linux environment backed with a strong grasp of computer security, assorted operating systems, numerous applications, and mixed platforms. Stellar record of supporting, automating, and optimizing mission-critical deployments in AWS, leveraging conﬁguration management, CI/CD, and DevOps processes. Adept at installing server systems, operating and maintaining system hardware and software, performing conﬁguration updating tasks, troubleshooting and maintaining servers, performing all other supporting tasks, analyzing issues that hamper system performance, writing, and modifying scripts, and taking accountability for changing ﬁle contents. Seasoned in systems and network administration, system security, backup and recovery, server administration, patching, and technical infrastructure. Technical Proﬁciencies
Linux
Jenkins
Terraform
GitHub/GIT
Jira
AWS
Ansible,
CI/CD
Docker
Agile
Research
Critical thinking
WINSCP
Team player
Verbal and Writing Communication
Technical Documentation
Process Automation
Technical Troubleshooting
PrecisionHawk Raleigh, NC
AWS DEVOPS ENGINEER
04/2022 - Current
Deploy IAM for user management (policies and roles), ensuring appropriate access to technology resources for right users Leverage WinSCP for logs script upload, securing ﬁle transfer Use Amazon S3 to provide object storage through a web service interface Lead system administration to make sure computer systems are functioning and meet the needs of the organization EC2, VPC provisioning and CI (GitHub and Jenkins used for continuous integration and delivery)
Demonstrated excellence in conducting research and solving complex issues.
Used Elastic beanstalk,Lambda and Lightsail for uploading and deployment of code.
Network conﬁguration
Process documentation
Used Terraform and cloudformation to provision services in AWS Restricted access to our GITHUB account
Used AWS CLI for service setup
ICARE Medical Austin, TX Used AWS CLI for service setup Summary
Skills
Experience
DevOps Engineer
09/2019 - 02/2022
Utilized tools like Jenkins, Maven, Ansible, Docker, and Kubernetes to build a fully automated CI/CD pipeline
Deployed and supported infrastructure automation and conﬁguration management tools.
Assisted development team with creating and rolling out timely solutions. Conducted periodic system updates/patches as well as steered modiﬁcations on the code using GIT VCS to clone, add, commit, and push codes from local and master branches to central repositories Managed AWS users as well as leveraged AWS as a code to launch EC2 instances and other services
Launched instances in AWS, creating VPC, subnets, internet gateway, routes, and security groups
Diagnosed and troubleshot scripting (Bash, PowerShell), installed, conﬁgured, and maintained Linux systems, and led basic conﬁguration and management of network services.
Server hardening
Used Terraform to provision services in AWS
Controlled access to our AWS accounts using IAM.
Made sure processes where properly documented.
bootcamp Houston, TX
DevOps Engineer
06/2018 - 06/2019
Conﬁgured, managed, and monitored cloud-based services such as AWS EC2, S3, EBS, ELB.
learned how to Automate manual tasks wherever possible using scripting languages like bash.
Created CI and CD pipelines with Jenkins and Docker to automate the build process of applications.
Maintained version control systems such as GITHUB for all software development projects.
Learned how to Collaborate with developers to troubleshoot application- related issues quickly.
learned how to Provide support for web server conﬁguration and maintenance activities.
learned how to Manage infrastructure components including virtual machines, storage devices, and networks.
user management
VMware
Camtel
INTERN LINUX SYSTEM
ADMINISTRATOR
03/2015 - 12/2017
Supervised the installation and conﬁguration of Linux servers, working with security team
Managed and maintained Unix based operating systems on physical and virtual environments
Optimized and automated system administrator tasks by using Unix scripting (Bash, PowerShell).
HIMS Cameroon
Bachelor of Science in Business Management
12/2014
Western Governors University Salt Lake City, UT
Bachelor of Science in IT Support
Education and Training
English:
Full Professional
French:
Full Professional
Languages
Contact this candidate