Aimal Khan (Green Card Holder)
DevOps Engineer
Email: ad4kdn@r.postjobfree.com Contact: 302-***-****

SUMMARY:

8+ Years of experience in DevOps, and Configuration Management, including Building binaries, end-to-end code configuration, and deployments of artifacts for entire life cycle model in Enterprise Applications.
Extensive experience in Windows, and VMware environments.
Good understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) in Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall methodologies.
Experience in installing and administrating CI tools like Jenkins and other Tools like SonarQube, Nexus, GitHub-like systems, JIRA, and Atlassian stack of tools like Confluence.
Good exposure to Version control tools like Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.
Experience in implementing Continuous Integration and Continuous deployment using various CI Tools like Jenkins, and Bamboo.
Excellent exposure to Cloud Technologies like Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Microsoft Azure and a good understanding of Public, Private, and Hybrid Cloud Environments.
Experience in creating Jenkins Environment and configuring end-to-end CI/CD pipelines. Integrated Jenkins with GitHub, Maven, SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, Ansible, and Kubernetes.
Skilled in writing Ansible playbooks for various packages. Implemented environments, roles, data bags in for better environment management.
Expertise in Configuration Management tools like Ansible, Puppet in performing application builds/packaging, defect management, troubleshooting, version control and environment supervision.
Good knowledge of writing Shell & Perl scripting defined through tasks using YAML format and Run Ansible Scripts to depending on provision to Dev servers.
Expertise in using build tools like MAVEN and ANT for the building of deployable Artifacts such as war and ear from Source Code.
Experience with orchestration and configuration management tools like Ansible, Chef, Terraform, and Kubernetes.
Experience in Continuous deployment using Ant, Maven, Power Shell, Puppet, Chef, terraform on to perm, AWS and Azure.
Experience in managing Docker orchestration and Docker containerization using Kubernetes.
Experience in using Kubernetes to orchestrate the deployment, scaling, and management of Docker Containers.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm and Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files.
Experience with Bug tracking & and ticketing tools like JIRA, and ServiceNow. Created and wrote shell scripts (Bash), Ruby, Groovy, JSON, Python, and PowerShell for automating tasks.
Experience in working with the ELK (Elastic Search, Log stash, Kibana) stack to analyze log data obtained from Microsoft Business Intelligence tools.
Experienced in Administration of Production, Development, and Test environments carrying different operating system platforms like Windows, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, HTTP, and TCP.
Experienced in Querying RDBMS such as Oracle, MySQL, and SQL Server by using SQL for data integrity.
Expert in deploying the code through web application servers like Web Sphere/Web Logic/ Apache Tomcat/JBoss.
Experience in integrating Unit Tests and Code Quality Analysis Tools like Junit, and SonarQube for code review.
Experience working with on-premises network, application, and server monitoring tools like Nagios, Splunk, AppDynamics, Prometheus, and on AWS with Cloud Watch monitoring tool.
Experience in AWS Cloud Administration which includes services like EC2, and S3 for application or backend service worked on Lambda.
Performed and deployed builds for various Environments like Dev, QA, UAT, and Production.

CORE COMPENTENCY:

DevOps tools/practices
Jenkins, GitLab CICD pipeline, GitHub Actions, Docker, Kubernetes (Ingress, Helm, secrets, configmap, service), Nagios, ELK stack
AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP
New Relic, Ops Genie, Sumo Logic
GitLab, GitHub
Maven, Ant
JIRA, Confluence
Java 5-11
Spring Boot, Hibernate, Microservices
Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL
SOAP &amp, Restful webservice
Epiphany- Sales &amp, Service, OMM
Agile, Scrum, TDD, Waterfall
Selenium, Chatbot API
ITIL processes, Incident Management, Jira Support, Production Support, RCA, RFC

EDUCATION:

Bachelors of Science in Information Technology
West Virginia University

CERTIFICATIONS:

Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate
Hashi Corp Cloud Engineer Certification: Terraform Associate
Microsoft Certified: Kubernetes Administrator

EXPERIENCE:

DXC Technology, VA (Hybrid) May 2022 - Present
DevOps Engineer
Created and maintained continuous integration (CI) using tools Jenkins/Maven over diff environments to facilitate an agile development process which is automated and repeatable enabling teams to safely deploy code many times a day while ensuring operational best practices are supported.
Setting Gitlab repository and runner for build automation.
Configuring Junit coverage report and Integration test cases as part of build in Gitlab runner.
Trouble shoot and performance tuning issues with various deployed applications like Apache Tomcat, NGINIX.
Provisioned Datadog monitoring metrics at build time using Terraform.
Configuring and maintaining GIT for version controlling development code for different developer team.
Developed CI/CD system with Jenkins on Google's Kubernetes container
Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant Kubernetes infrastructure.
Maintain automation & network simulators, develop Python test scripts, run regression/sanity test release binaries.
Experience in Kubernetes to deploy scale, load balance and manage Docker containers with multiple names spaced versions and good understanding of Open Shift Platform in managing Docker Containers and Kubernetes Clusters
Docker has been core to this experience, along with Kubernetes
Use of Docker and Kubernetes to manage micro services for development of continuous integration and continuous delivery.
Worked with Terraform key features such as infrastructure as code, Execution plans resource graphs and change automation.
Utilized Ansible as configuration management tools to deploy consistent infrastructure across multiple environments.
Configured RDS Instances using Cloud Formation and Terraform and used Terraform to map more complex dependencies and identified network issue.
Installed and configured Ansible. Created different Playbooks. And managed Ansible inventories.
Experience in converting existing AWS infrastructure to serverless architecture (AWS Lambda. Kinesis) deploying via = Terraform and AWS Cloud Formation templates.
Experience in Designing, configuring, automating, and managing multiple servers for different environments over AWS using Ansible playbooks to support the infrastructure needs of applications.
Worked in designing and deploying AWS solutions using EC2 instances, EBS, S3, RDS, Elastic Load Balancer and Auto scaling groups.
Documented standard operating procedures (SOP) for troubleshooting, configuring, and setting up virtual servers.
Evaluate, Configure, and implement monitoring solutions for application and server monitoring using New Relic and Dynatrace.
Performed EC2 instances provisioning on AWS environment and implemented security groups, administered VPCs.
Configured AWS IAM and Security Group in Public and Private Subnets in VPC.
Build out server automation with Continuous Integration - Continuous Deployment tools like Jenkins/Maven for deployment and build management system.
Experience in Converting existing AWS Infrastructure to Serverless architecture (AWS Lambda, Kinesis), deploying via Terraform and AWS Cloud Formation templates.
Integrated Terraform into current software release process to help provision AWS resources and deployments of artifacts and services.
Designed Terraform templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates and migration from traditional to cloud environment.
Wrote CI/CD pipeline in Groovy scripts to enable end to end setup of build & deployment using Cloud Bees Jenkins and Developed an end-to-end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
Wrote scripts for the build, deploy, maintain using Jenkins, GIT, Maven, Python, Bash and worked on CI/CD involving Run Deck Jenkins and Ansible to complete the automation from commit to deploy.
Implemented a CI/CD framework using Jenkins, Maven & Artifactory in Linux environment and Integration of Maven/Nexus, Jenkins, GIT and JIRA.
Maintained Jenkins continuous integration tool using shell/Perl and ruby scripts for automating releases to different environments.
Creating the automated build and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to building.
Handling & fixing all Server related issue there by, ensuring maximum availability of servers and its services.
Provided support for AWS Cloud servers environment for project Code Deployments and Oracle DB installations and maintenance.

Avanade (Remote) Apr 2019 - Apr 2022
AWS DevOps Engineer
Building the infrastructure and provide support required to deploy applications in public cloud like Azure and AWS.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and design CI/CD solutions that met business needs.
Created and maintained automated testing and deployment processes using Groovy-based pipeline scripts and shared libraries with Jenkins.
Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes
Provisioned and maintained Databricks workspaces and clusters on cloud using Terraform modules, ensuring optimal performance, scalability, and cost efficiency.
Extensive experience in designing and implementing end-to-end data integration solutions using Azure Data Factory (ADF).
Experience in leveraging containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes to facilitate the deployment and management of WebSphere Middleware components.
Involved in writing various custom Ansible playbooks for deployment orchestration and developed Ansible Playbooks to simplify and automate day-to-day server administration tasks.
Integrated Ansible tower with Jenkins to deploy code to different servers and setting up Ansible tower as configuration management and deployment solution for Security Sensors.
Engaged actively in AWS cloud space, contributing to mobile modernization initiatives and developing additional monitoring solutions to support L1 and L2 teams.
Proficient in designing and implementing scalable and reliable DevOps solutions for Java-based applications, leveraging the JEE framework and its components such as EJB, JSP, and Servlets
Knowledgeable in using Python for integrating with external systems like databases, APIs, and messaging systems for building end-to-end automation workflows.
Developed python, shell scripts to automate and validate in the Continues integration and Continues Deployment process.
Designed and developed custom Docker images for optimized application performance and delivery in Kubernetes clusters.

CVS Health, Woonsocket, RI Jul 2016 - Mar 2019
Jr. DevOps Engineer
Implemented and managed secure cloud environments on Azure and GCP, demonstrating proficiency in key cloud services.
Managed (CI/CD) pipelines using popular tools such as Jenkins, Bamboo, and GitLab, ensuring efficient software delivery.
Implemented Jenkins plugins and integrations to enhance CI/CD capabilities, integrating with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) and other third-party tools for streamlined development workflows.
Leveraged version control systems like GitLab and utilized Ant for build automation, enabling streamlined workflows.
Successfully led (POC) initiatives, demonstrating the feasibility and value of innovative solutions for key business challenges.
Developed Ansible playbooks and roles, streamlining deployment processes and effectively managing configuration changes.
Implemented Docker containerization to streamline application deployment and leveraged Docker Compose to orchestrate.
Implemented Kubernetes clusters, configured pod deployments, Kubernetes Dashboard to manage containerized workloads.
Implemented and managed container orchestration platforms such as AKS, EKS, and GKE ensuring scalable and resilient deployment of containerized applications across cloud environments optimized Kubernetes clusters, implemented auto-scaling.
Implemented security best practices for OpenShift, including network policies, RBAC, and container image scanning and Ensured compliance with industry standards and internal security policies.
Designed and maintained Terraform modules, configurations, enabling efficient and consistent deployment of infrastructure.
Implemented and managed Azure Active Directory (AAD), AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), Google Cloud (IAM), for effectively managing user permissions, groups, and policies to enforce least privilege access.
Developed comprehensive dashboards and alerting mechanisms in Nagios, enabling timely identification and resolution.
Developed Python scripts and applications for automation, data manipulation, and web scraping, to deliver scalable solutions.
Utilized Ant build tool to automate software builds, dependencies management, and deployment tasks.
Implemented Maven as a build and dependency management tool leveraging its project structure conventions and plugins.
Proficient in Ansible, utilized it for orchestrating configuration management and automation, which has led to efficient infrastructure provisioning and the maintenance of uniformity across systems, experienced managing Ansible playbooks.

Capital One, VA May 2015 - Jun 2016
IT Help Desk Support
Troubleshoot the network for any possible networking issues.
Diagnosed and repaired hardware and software issues on laptops, desktops and mobile devices using approved methods and processes.
Installed and troubleshoot hardware and software.
Maintained office environment to ensure all desktop systems were operational and running the latest Windows 10 updates and McAfee antivirus software.
Ensured all systems had network connectivity to access the public Internet as well as the private Intranet.
Installed Office 365 Suite and connected desktops to local and network printers.
Performed asset tracking and maintained inventory of computer equipment.
Conduct data transfers for PC and Mac systems.
Remote control and assist users on their workstations for local and small businesses.
Troubleshoot, diagnose, and resolve Win 8 issues for local and small businesses.
Contact this candidate