S SRUTHI, VEDULA
ad4np9@r.postjobfree.com

Sr Cloud Engineer
SUMMARY
* ***** ** ***** ** experience with over 5 years of Microsoft Azure DevOps experience in IaaS and PaaS.
Specialization in IT Infrastructure / Cloud Administration, Azure technologies, proficiency in monitoring ongoing server provisioning, incidents & management of IT infrastructure.
Proven ability to successfully analyse an Azure organization migration, manage both classic & ARM portals, effectively use Power Shell to manage Azure services, troubleshoot access-related issues, and Azure services involved in software design and implementation of various Client Server applications.
Architected & implemented Public & Hybrid Cloud Infrastructure in highly distributed environments.
Tailored tasks related to interconnectivity issues and complex cloud-based identity management and user authentication, service interruptions with Virtual Machines (their host nodes), and associated virtual storage
(Blobs, Files Tables, Queues).
Experience in Deployment of Active Directory in a multi-domain, multi-forest environment.
Hands-on experience in configuring the Site-to-Site and Point-to-Site VPN connections.
Implemented various scripts on Azure automation for resource monitoring (alerts, backups, locked resources) by creating Run books and scheduling jobs.
Configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, CDIR address blocks, DNS settings, and security policies.
Experienced in Azure Cloud Architecture, including Design, Implementation, and Migration of VMs & Data Centres to Azure Cloud environment.
Gathered and implemented support requirements for large database applications/systems, including performance analysis and tuning of high-volume transaction systems.
Architecting and reviewing Cloud-based Solutions, providing required Bill of Materials (BOM) and Effort estimate for Greenfield setup and data centre migration to Azure Cloud environment.
30+ Proof of concepts for Azure Cloud-based Services (specific to PaaS), which were made as a reference to the ongoing and upcoming Azure Cloud Greenfield and Migration Projects.
Experienced in Automating Migration with Power shell scripting (VHD migration from On-Premises to Azure Cloud).
Working experience on Git, GitHub, VSTS, TFS, ARM Templates, JIRA, ServiceNow, Cloud Centre.
Experience in Azure networking, Storage, VM provisioning, RBAC, NSG, Monitoring, OMS, AZ Copy, AD, Application Insights, Tools, Azure Roles, ARM templates, etc. Designing, building, and maintaining the CI/CD infrastructure.
Solid experience in Network setup & Management, System Administration including Server Implementation
& Administration, Disaster Recovery Management, Virtualization, Technology Support, and technical troubleshooting.
Help the development/support team to troubleshoot performance bottlenecks using the AppDynamics tool.
Validate AppDynamics implementation on UAT and Prod servers after each deployment.
Deployed Cloud Front to deliver content, reducing the server load.
Created IAM policies for delegated administration within Azure and Configured IAM Users/Roles/Policies to grant fine-grained access to Azure resources to users.
Administration of Active Directory in Windows environment. Managing Active Directory issues such as Logon Failures, Account Lockouts, Group Policies, Network Connectivity, DNS and WINS Name Resolution, Authentication Problems, File and Printer Permissions, etc.
Knowledge of securing Active Directory Administrative systems with red forest.
Experience in recommending, scheduling, and performing software and hardware improvements, upgrades, patches, reconfigurations, and purchases.
EDUCATION
Masters: Electronics and Computer Engineering University of Texas at San Antonio - May ‘16 Bachelors: Electronics and Computer Engineering Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh GITAM University -May ’14
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud Computing Platform: Azure, Microsoft Azure, AWS, IBM Cloud Virtualization Software: vSphere, VCloud automation, Azure AD, Docker, Kubernetes, Version Control Tools: GIT, TFS.
Configuration Tools: Chef, Jenkins, Puppet and Ansible. Monitoring Tools: Jira, VSTS
Languages/Scripting: SQL, JAVA, Ansible, Hadoop, Power Shell, Python, Ruby,Azure CLI, Shell Scripting, C++.
Other : CICD – Ansible and Jenkins, SQLaaS, Data lakes, ELK platform CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert AWS
Certified DevOps Engineer - Professional
IBM Certified Advocate
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: IBM
Employer: IBM March ’22 - Present
Title: DevOps Engineer
Build and maintain our logging and monitoring stack for the IBM Cloud Object Storage offering in the public cloud.
Maintain the File beat, Elasticsearch, Kafka, Logstash, Kibana, and Sysdig applications.
Work to re-platform the full logging and monitoring stack to containers and other IBM Cloud-managed services, using Red Hat Open Shift on a virtual private cloud.
Maintain knowledge of networking fundamentals such as Virtual Private Clouds (VPC), Virtual Private Networks, and virtual local area networks.
Deploy both object, file, and block storage in the cloud environment and manage services in the cloud environment.
Deploy and manage our next-gen infrastructure, utilizing knowledge of virtual private cloud, RedHat OpenShift, and Kubernetes.
Automate the deployment of applications using Jenkins, Ansible, terraform and Git and write scripts to automate tasks.
Automate creating IBM cloud resources to streamline the whole deployment process.
Drive requirements for security features throughout lifecycle, including but not limited to implementation, testing, support, and maintenance.
Drive development integration across cross-disciplinary teams. Plan projects. Review design and code. Analyze and improve product efficiency, scalability, and stability.
Debug issues. Fix bugs. Improve user experience. Client: Mayo Clinic February ‘18 – March ‘22
Title: Azure Cloud DevOps Engineer
Working on PaaS model with Blobs, Web Jobs, Azure Cloud Resource Services, API Management, Application Insight, etc.
Experience working on Version control tools GIT, transparent case to track changes made by different people in source code involving concepts like Branching, Merging, and Tags.
Implementing Azure Site Recovery approach for both DC Migration & Disaster Recovery Setup in Azure Cloud environment.
Designing and implementing private cloud infrastructure. Ensuring full integration with hybrid cloud platform management layer, identity management, and R&D infrastructure.
Designing, configuring, and deploying Microsoft (Including Compute, Web & Mobile, Blobs, ADF, Resource Groups, HD Insight Clusters, Azure for a multitude of applications utilizing the SQL, Azure Services, Azure Data Lakes and ARM).
Providing Cloud computing solutions as part of the Platform as a Service. Working on ELK stack
(Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kafka) and monitoring logs for both brownfield and greenfield applications
Providing 3rd level and higher support for Azure and Providing the customer with an escalation email follow- up with the reassured resolution, as well as resolving all customer escalation calls to completion.
Managing Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) for cloud resources.
Creating and actively managing the SSL certificates throughout the portal (including regular renewals and bindings) following TLS and other SSH protocols.
Working on express route architecture and design and Azure Site Recovery, Operations Management Suite, Power shell Scripts, and ARM templates.
Working on deploying API Management and Application Server resources using Hadoop and JAVA for building the deployments..
Responsible for Configuring Kafka Consumer and Producer metrics to visualize the Kafka System performance and monitoring.
Using AGILE scrum methodology for sprint planning
Responsible for web application deployments over Cloud services (web and worker roles) on Azure, using VS and PowerShell.
Configured and implemented storage blobs and Azure files - Created Storage accounts, configured the Content Delivery Network (CDN) and custom domain and Managed access and storage access key.
Used Docker for setting Azure Container Registry with Docker and Docker-compose and actively involved in deployments on Docker using Kubernetes.
Provisioning, deprovisioning, and configuring Azure resources focusing on Web apps, Web Stacks (App Service Environments), Storage accounts, Key vaults, Redis cache, Blobs, Application insights, etc.,
Using Azure Traffic Manager to manage the request of Microsoft Azure services for distribution.
Providing Proof of concepts for Azure Cloud-based Services (in specific to PaaS), which made as a reference to the ongoing and upcoming Azure Cloud Green Field Migration Projects.
Provisioning Dev and Test environments for Azure Cloud-based Services (specific to PaaS), which was made as a reference to the ongoing Azure Brownfield Migration Projects.
Provisioning end-to-end Azure Cloud infrastructure through automation using Windows PowerShell, Azure PowerShell Cmdlets, ARM.
Proactively monitoring the new Azure recommendations and implementing the same to keep our environment updated and collaborating with development and QA teams to maintain continuous high- quality deployment.
Automating Migration with Power shell scripting using Jenkins pipelines (migration from On-Premises to Azure Cloud) and building and maintaining tools for deployment, monitoring, and operations.
Working closely with other engineering teams. Participate in the selection and deployment of OpenStack distribution (SLA, performance, support, cost).
Working with the Application team to provide a smooth transition of client environments for ongoing management, which includes written environment documentation and conducting internal handover sessions after each project.
Troubleshooting and resolving issues in dev, test, and production environments, along with maintaining the software configuration management system.
Automating and maintaining the software build process with software deployment and monitoring to meet rapidly increasing demand.
Collaborate with developers to bring new features and services into production and Provide support to development teams that use the automated infrastructure Client: Optimal Answers LLC February ’17 – February ‘18 Title: Azure Cloud Engineer/Administrator
Provided Cloud computing solutions as part of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service
(PaaS).
Configuring Backup in Azure for taking backup of VM and application on that.
Designed and deployed virtual network and storage account with Blob, Table, and queue.
Created global admin user, service admin Co- administrator, and user.
Created and managed multiple subscriptions in a single account.
Migrated and automated cloud deployments using APIs, chef, python (boto& fabric), and Azure Cloud Formation Templates.
Azure AD - Implemented AD using AD connects, configured SSO and multifactor Authentication. Also configured SSO from Windows 10-based computer, which is joined to AD. Implemented and managed AD synchronization.
Managed Azure Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) for cloud resources and Monitored Azure SQL Database security and Azure SQL Database.
Worked on escalated tasks related to interconnectivity issues and complex cloud-based identity Management.
Worked on Cloud formation to create cloud watch metric filters and alarms for monitoring and notifying the occurrence of cloud trail events.
Provisioning and De-Provisioning of physical/virtual servers hosted on Azure private cloud, Cisco UCS and VMware Infra.
To baseline all configurations in the non-prod environment before implementing AppDynamics in production.
Validate AppDynamics implementation on UAT and Prod servers after each deployment.
Involved in configuring Cloud Services, Virtual machines, and Storage accounts as part of the migration from on-premises Infrastructure to cloud Infrastructure.
Monitoring performance, alerts, software updates, and logs for VMs and collaborated in creating Virtual networks in various configurations for establishing communication between VMs in Cloud and on-premises infra.
Imported and managed several applications using GitHub Repositories
Integrating CICD tools (Azure GitHub and GitHub Actions) with containerization tools (Docker, Kubernetes) to brownfield applications
Hands-on experience of programming in languages such as Python, Ruby, Go and Java, C++
Applying policies & procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving to ensure adequate protection and integrity of data assets, system problems: document system events to ensure continuous functioning.
Procured knowledge of PowerShell scripting in Cloud computing.
Azure Backup and Site recovery and implemented high availability with Azure Resource Manager deployment model.
Designed and configured Azure Virtual Networks (VNets), subnets, Azure network settings, security policies, and routing.
Client: Spica Computers LLC July ’16 – February ‘17 Title: System Engineering
Setting up a Virtualization environment using Azure VM.
Monitoring and maintaining the Virtual Machines.
Providing end-to-end client support.
Used Agile technology.
Managed Azure VM from automation service and scheduler services and Designed Azure-level architecture for the implementation of the VHD migration approach.
Setting up and managing Azure Subscription and helping with Implementing Azure AD roles and Responsibilities throughout the organization.
Acquired knowledge of VNet, Security policy setups for Azure networking. Client: University of Texas at San Antonio August ’14 – May ‘16 Title: Computer Engineering
Collaborated with the advisor to conduct a research study on Cloud Computing.
Studied different cloud systems and their deployment and management of applications based on the availability of systems.
Built test cases and automated them using bash and PowerShell scripts.
Working experience on Microsoft Power BI Services and generating metrics and billing reports using Power BI.
Integrating with Power BI in converting data processing into analytics and reports that provide real-time insights.
Used Agile technology as the Software Development Life Cycle.
Working knowledge of AppDynamics and OMS.
Adapted knowledge in Test Driven Development and Agile Development. Gained experience in Cloud deployment models, SLAs, and Cloud security protocols.
Acquired knowledge on implementing targeted cloud solutions based on requirements, documenting migration readiness assessment, and cloud cost optimization.
Contact this candidate