ANU NIKALE
San Jose, *****
650-***-**** ad4pk6@r.postjobfree.com

●Sr. SRE/DevOps Engineer in Cloud Infrastructure, with extensive experience in managing Cloud/server infrastructure deployments and operations across hybrid platforms.
●Effectively plan, install, configure, and optimize Cloud/ IT infrastructure to consistently achieve high availability and performance. Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth.
●Skilled problem identifier and troubleshooter.

Business and Technical Skills:
•Plan and develop roadmaps for Cloud-based Products/ Services. Management of Projects, Work Flow Planning, and Changes. Configuration, Releases, Capacity, Productivity Improvements, Service Improvements. Customer Service Desk. Incident and Problem Resolutions.
•AWS / Systems, Servers, and Network Administration. System Security and Solutions, Mixed-Platform Environments, DC as well as Google Cloud, Systems Installation, Configuration, Patches & Upgrades. Database Management, Technical Support, Customer, and Production Support.
•Expertise includes Kubernetes, AWS, Terraform, Docker, Helm, Docker, Splunk, Jenkins, Chef, Harness, Rancher, Cloudflare, GitHub, Artifactory, AWS Aurora, Mongo Atlas, Ansible, SSL, Linux, Tomcat, Nginx, NewRelic, SSO, JIRA, Routers, Firewalls, Switches, Load Balancers.

Education:
MS Computer Engineering, University of Bridgeport, CT, USA
BS Electrical Engineering, College of Engineering Pune, India

Cisco WebEx FedRamp, CA 12/2023 – Current
Sr. Site Reliability Engineer (contract)

Anaplan Inc. San Francisco, CA 01/2020 – Aug 2023
Sr. Site Reliability Engineer
Hands on experience in container orchestration with Kubernetes and managing it using Rancher. Migrating services to Kubernetes clusters on AWS EKS, GCP GKE and on-prem DC. Infrastructure provisioning and managing systems using Terraform. Experience with building and operating highly resilient platforms in AWS cloud environments, ensuring high availability and scalability for the JAVA based application. Automate Deployment process & toil reduction using Rundeck, Shell Script. Experience with Chef configuration management tool to build VM's / Bare Metal servers and deploying services in on-prem Data Centers. Experience in CI/CD tooling like Jenkins and version control: GitHub. Experience in GitOps deployment workflow and tools like Harness. Involved in migration of DC database to AWS Aurora. Involved in discussing the release strategy with Project Manager, Development teams and all other stake holders. Working closely with dev teams to setup services for SLO’s, SLI’s Error Budgets, Logging Standards, Resiliency, Observability, Disaster Recovery runbooks. Preparing the Deployment and rollback plan runbooks. Handling Weekend Downtime releases to the VM's / Bare Metal servers in Data Center Experience with observability tool like Splunk, SignalFX, Prometheus and Grafana. Followed the AWS ZeroTrust Security principles. On Call PagerDuty support and triage the Incidents. AWS services SQS, kinesis, SNS.

Veritas Technologies Inc. Santa Clara, CA 12/2015 – 10/2020
Principal DevOps Engineer
●Lead DevOps engineer for the production AWS applications, worked extensively on cloud applications like Appliance call home services on Linux platform.
●Worked on optimization and enforcing the best AWS cloud practices. Experienced with container deployment and service orchestration using tools such as Jenkins, Kubernetes, Docker and EKS cluster.
●Worked on managing code repositories, build orchestrations, and pre-flight integrations using Git and Jenkins, CI/CD pipeline, Kubernetes, Ansible, and Artifactory. Experienced in managing databases like RDS, Mongo Atlas, and Aurora. SSL cert management for all the accounts. Centralized transit gateway VPN access setup to connect multiple AWS accounts.
●Administrator the enterprise level account for Azure and Google Cloud.
●Created dashboards and configured alerts with tools like CloudWatch, JIRA, Slack. Supported and worked closely with development, QA, customer support, and implementation teams.

Flywheel Inc., Redwood City, CA 6/2014 – 11/2015
Manager - DevOps
Lead the DevOps team for a fast-paced high traffic public taxi to centralize and manage mobile app startup. The production environment is hosted on AWS.

●Managed and collaborated with highly motivated, globally distributed cross-functional DevOps teams. Hands-on role.
●Built an Integration and Test team to validate cloud-based product services to ensure product security and high availability. Supported dev, Engineering, and QA teams.
●Orchestrate and lead delivery efforts for DevOps transformation projects inclusive of discovery, analysis, solution design, and implementation.
●Provide day-to-day technical guidance and hands-on help to the Integration, Test, DevOps teams.
●Work with leadership to help align the product roadmap and overall strategy with client feedback.
●Technologies used are AWS, Ubuntu, RabbitMQ, Bash, GitHub, PostgreSQL, Zabbix, graphite, Jenkins, Jira, Ansible.

Citrix Systems, Santa Clara, CA 11/2013-6/2014
Sr. Cloud Operations Engineer
●Manage and Administer Citrix XenMobile Cloud Enterprise (SAAS) and Mobile Device Management (MDM) Application Servers running on AWS
●Configure and Manage AWS infrastructure using EC2, VPC, S3, Route 53 for MDM/MAM servers. Manage highly available, globally redundant infrastructure.
●Configure and Manage Citrix NetScaler, Access Gateway for the Application Servers.
●Build, monitor, and manage critical infrastructure services on a large fleet of Linux/Solaris server infrastructure on distributed networks in multiple geographic locations.
●Configure Enterprise Connector servers for integration with LDAP, PKI and certificate services, and application servers. Resolve enterprise Applications, DNS, Firewall, Network, and Cloud connectivity issues.
●Provide Mobile and Enterprise Architecture support for Client Implementations and Applications.

Symantec, Mountain View, CA 09/2012 - 11/2013
Sr. Cloud Infrastructure Specialist, Cloud Platform Engineering group
●Managed and Administered Symantec's Enterprise Security Single Sign-On (SSO) O3 Application Servers on AWS and EC2.
●Administer Client's Cloud SAAS applications on VMWare and Amazon Web Services (AWS).
●Responsibilities included Production customer installation, configuration, and support. FISMA and PCI Standardization Compliance, Server Upgrades, and maintenance.
●Troubleshooting Enterprise Applications, DNS, Firewall, Network, and Cloud connectivity issues.

Verizon 03/2002 – 8/2012
Sr. Infrastructure Engineer
●Managed and administered a heterogeneous Verizon Cloud / FIOS datacenter environment of Solaris 9, 10, RHEL 4 & 5, and Windows.
●The FIOS environment consisted of a mixed environment of large clusters of Solaris, Linux, and Windows across large scale data centers in SHE (super head-ends) Tampa and Bloomington, IN, and VHOs across the country. The environment includes Blade servers, Cisco routers, switches, Oracle, Web logic, Oracle Forms/ reports, Load Runner, remedy, etc.
Contact this candidate