PHILEMON MBEUN YISA
DEVOPS ENGINEER
Email: ad4tqa@r.postjobfree.com Tel: +1-248-***-****
LinkedIn profile: (5) Philemon YISA LinkedIn
Profile
I am a dynamic, dedicated and experienced DevOps Engineer with a passion for Automating processes and enhancing infrastructure efficiency for over 8 years now. Skilled in automating tasks, implementing robust solutions, ensuring the security and reliability of systems as well as managing Iaas, Paas, Saas and On-Prem. I am highly proficient with Configuration Management using Ansible, Source Code Management, Orchestration Management, Infrastructure Management and CI/CD. I possess excellent communication, problem-solving, and decision-making skills. I am an avid learner who is always discovering and eager to explore new technologies and tools. Seeking a challenging role where I can leverage my expertise in automation, DevOps, DevSecOps and Cloud engineering to contribute to organizational success.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Spearheaded the setup and maintenance of CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, ensuring seamless integration and deployment processes.
Implemented SonarQube for static code quality analysis, vulnerability and duplicate detection, enforcement of coding standards, customizing quality profile and integration with CI/CD Pipelines.
Strong knowledge in building highly secure infrastructure for stable, scalable, highly available deployments.
Advanced knowledge of containerization technologies using Docker, managing Dockerfiles and pods to streamline application deployment processes with Kubernetes.
Implemented automation solutions with Ansible for infrastructure provisioning and configuration management, reducing manual errors and increasing efficiency.
Experience in provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
Documented processes and procedures, ensuring accurate and up-to-date documentation for future reference and training purposes.
Contributed insights into project planning, offering recommendations for resource allocation and schedule optimization.
Actively participated in team code reviews, providing valuable feedback and support for unit and integration testing efforts.
Experience in getting infrastructure/applications ready for an upcoming scale period.
Wide experience with Git/Github which includes providing permissions access to developers, integration with other tools using Github Webhooks, Jenkins Global tool configuration, etc.
Experience in deploying artifacts in a Tomcat Server.
Experience with both SQL databases (Oracle and PostgreSQL) and NoSQL databases like MongoDB.
Working in an Agile environment – SCRUM and KANBAN.
Use of Atlassian tools like Jira and Confluence.
Proficiency in automating repetitive and other mundane tasks using declarative options like shell scripting, YAML, groovy, HCL and Python.
SKILLS
Docker/Kubernetes – Containerization/container orchestration.
Jenkins - CI/CD
SonarQube - static code analysis, setting quality gate and quality profile thresholds.
GIT/GitHub - Versioning/Source Code Management
AWS/Azure – Cloud providers
Terraform/Ansible – Infrastructure Provisioning & Management
Linux - RedHat Enterprise Linux and Ubuntu
Prometheus & Grafana – monitoring, alerting, analyzing and visualizing data.
Helm – Kubernetes application management
System Configuration and Management
Good skills in Technical Project Management
Technical Knowledge Transfer
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to convey technical concepts to diverse audiences effectively.
TOOLS
Linux, Git & GitHub, Maven, SonarQube, Nexus, Tomcat,
Jenkins, Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, Helm
Terraform, Ansible
AWS, CloudFormation, ELK, EBS, EKS, VPC, IAM
Mongo Databases
New Relic, Prometheus & Grafana, Jira, Confluence PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engineer – Remote March 2018 – Present
Landmark Technologies, Ontario Canada.
Responsibilities
Protecting and maintaining bullet-proof security configurations in Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins.
SonarQube integration in our CI/CD Pipelines for static code quality analysis quality and quality profile thresholds setup.
Using multiple interconnected tools to build complex automated CI/CD pipelines.
Provisioning and configuring infrastructure using Terraform, which is integrated with AWS SDK, AWS CLI/UI, kops, ansible, VPC, Route53, Private and public subnets, route tables, IGW, EC2 instances, IAM, ELB, Autoscaling groups, CloudWatch, EFS, NFS, S3, Databases, Lambda security groups, NACLs, among others.
Participating in the migration of applications from monolithic architecture to microservices architecture.
Using Docker for containerization with Docker Swarm and Kubernetes for container orchestration.
Installation and configuration of web application servers (Tomcat, Nginx, apache)
Maintaining highly secure and available Kubernetes clusters.
Continuous monitoring of applications using NewRelic, Prometheus, Grafana and EFK/ELK.
Infrastructure provisioning and configuration Automation using Terraform and Ansible.
Attending trainings, job-related seminars, conferences and implementing the use of new technology. AWS Cloud Engineer Jan 2016– March 2018
Landmark Technologies, Ontario Canada.
Responsibilities
Managed cloud infrastructure to ensure operational stability and security, including overseeing planned hardware and virtual machine maintenance, patching, software upgrades, and related tasks.
Engaged in various DevOps operations that incorporated AWS DevOps services such as CloudFormation, CodeCommit, CodeBuild, CodePipeline, CloudWatch, API Gateway, and others.
Implemented production change requests concerning networking, database, identity and access management, and other infrastructure configurations.
Set up, installed, resized, and deployed elastic compute resources in the AWS cloud.
Managed and enhanced the organization's cloud infrastructure.
Set up RDS and non-relational databases (Oracle, PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Redshift, Aurora, etc.).
Monitored, detected, and reported issues related to infrastructure and application performance as well as scaling.
Established configurations for hybrid cloud networks and transit gateways. Registered Nurse
Salvation Baptist Medical Center Bafia Dec 2012 – Dec 2015 Responsibilities
Coordinating and supervising the entire nursing department.
Assigning roles to team members.
Drug administration.
Vital signs collection
Patient admissions
Patient discharge
Scheduling team members
Assisting in deliveries

CAREER DEVELOPMENT
Udemy- Online
o AWS DEVOPS PROFESSIONAL
o Terraform
o AWS-EKE-Kubernetes Masterclass (EBS, RDS, CLB, NLB, ALB, Fargate, ECR, CloudWatch, Route53, Certificate Manager, X-Ray, Ingress, Auto-scaling, SNS) o Kubernetes Administrator
EDUCATION
B.Sc.
Graduate Professional Diploma in DevOps
BSN
REFERENCES
References are available upon request.
Contact this candidate