Babajide Ogunluyi
Home Address: Cheverly, MD ****5
Phone: 240-***-**** Email: ad4w5d@r.postjobfree.com DevOps Engineer Cloud Engineer
PROFILE SUMMARY
Results-driven AWS Cloud Solution Architect and DevOps Engineer with over 5 years of proven expertise in designing, developing, and implementing robust application lifecycle management strategies to enhance organizational infrastructure security. Adept at leading cross-functional collaboration between business and IT teams, ensuring the expansion of client applications through standardized processes that capitalize on economies of scale. Demonstrated success in implementing best practices and leveraging cutting-edge technology capabilities to establish a well-architected framework. Proficient in creating PowerShell scripts for automating AWS cloud system creation, encompassing end-to-end infrastructure, VMs, storage, and firewall rules. Skilled in orchestrating automated deployments and backups using VSTS and AWS, contributing to streamlined and efficient operations. TECHNICAL SKILLS/SOFTWARE
AWS Cloud Jenkins GIT Docker Kubernetes SECURITY TECHNOLOGY: IDS/IPS, SIEM, WAF, AWS SHEILD, INSPECTOR, GUARD DUTY, NACL, SG AUTOMATION: TERRAFORM, ANSIBLE, CLOUD FORMATION Tools: SONARQUBE, TOMCAT, DYNATRACE, NEW RELIC, PROMETHEUS AND GRAFANA, EFK-ELK, SPLUNK, MAVEN, JAVA, GIT/GitHub, ECLIPSE Containerization Configuration Management Scripting and Automation Monitoring and Logging Container Orchestration Continuous Testing Database Management Version Control Platforms: GitLab, Bitbucket Networking Security Slack, Microsoft Teams Python Shell Scripting Ansible, Puppet GIT Identity and Access Management Load Balancing Docker CERTIFICATIONS
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner - (Certified)
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (Certified) EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engineer/ Cloud Admin Audacious Inquiry Philadelphia, PA (June 2022 – Dec 2023)
Implemented a fully automated deployment pipeline using Jenkins, Docker, and Kubernetes, reducing deployment time and enhancing application stability.
Set up a centralized logging system using ELK Stack, enabling the team to identify and address issues quickly and efficiently.
Migrated legacy infrastructure to AWS cloud, utilizing Terraform and Ansible to achieve infrastructure as code, and reduction in maintenance efforts.
Led a team in optimizing application performance, identifying bottlenecks, and implementing performance tuning strategies, faster response times
Worked leveraging technical knowledge for networking, storage systems, and computing platforms including Amazon AWS and CI/CD pipelines.
Built and Managed Cloud Infrastructure, which includes computing, storage, network, and security. This involved setting up security groups, and system backup for reliability and fault tolerance.
Documented processes and procedures in managing AWS infra making sure best practices are always followed
Experienced with SVN and GitHub.
Implemented Testing environments for Kubernetes and administrated the Kubernetes clusters.
Deployed and orchestrated the applications with Kubernetes.
Built CICD pipeline for customers using Jenkins and GitHub Assist with cloud environments such as public, private, and hybrid clouds Initiated and facilitated Proof of concept for accessing new technology before deploying into production Knowledge of networking: TCP/IP, IP address, HTTP, DNS, Load balancer, DHCP etc.
Built and Managed Cloud Infrastructure, which includes computing, storage, network, and security. DevOps Engineer/ Cloud Architect Cognizant Chicago, IL (Oct 2018 – April 2022)
Worked on Terraform and CloudFormation for infrastructure as code versioning and management.
Helped define best practices for source control, continuous integration, automated testing, and release management.
Good Experience in working with container-based deployments using Docker, Docker images, Docker files, Docker Hub, Docker Compose and Docker registries, and Kubernetes.
Experienced in using Kubernetes for container orchestration that runs Docker containerized applications in a cluster of EC2 instances in Linux Environment, configured their Kubernetes cluster and supported it on CoreOS.
Used monitoring tools to find problems, resolve and/or escalate to support and application development, and ensure that we exceed our service levels.
Understood and contributed to the creation of system support documents, and operational run books, and built recipes for server configuration.
Operated the platform within SNEI’s security and privacy guidelines.
experienced with transitioning physical plants to AWS environments.
Experienced in automation and testing via scripting/programming.
While vast working with agile and other development processes and methodologies.
Worked on Terraform and CloudFormation for infrastructure as code versioning and management.
Helped define best practices for source control, continuous integration, automated testing, and release management.
Good Experience in working with container-based deployments using Docker, Docker images, Docker files, Docker Hub, Docker Compose and Docker registries, and Kubernetes.
Experienced in using Kubernetes for container orchestration that runs Docker containerized applications in a cluster of EC2 instances in Linux Environment, configured their Kubernetes cluster and supported it on CoreOS.
Used monitoring tools to find problems, resolve and/or escalate to support and application development and ensure that we exceed our service levels
Understood and contributed to the creation of system support documents, and operational run books, and built recipes for server configuration.
Operated the platform within SNEI’s security and privacy guidelines.
experienced with transitioning physical plants to AWS environments.
Experienced in automation and testing via scripting/programming.
While vast working with agile and other development processes and methodologies EDUCATION
s
Bachelor of Science Banking and Finance Lagos State University 06/2007 – 10/2012
Contact this candidate