Naga Poojitha Chirukuri
DevOps Engineer
ad4w28@r.postjobfree.com
201-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Passionate and experienced DevOps Engineer with a master’s degree in computer science and with 2 years of experience in a high-paced tech environment. Specialized in leveraging the Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS) to architect, automate, and optimize deployments, ensuring seamless Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment/Delivery (CD) pipelines within a DevOps culture.

Proficient in executing and navigating Linux commands.
Skilled in version control systems like GIT and SVN ensuring versioning integrity and efficient source code management.
Strong scripting and automation skills using Bash, and Python to streamline workflows and automate repetitive tasks.
Experienced in Infrastructure as Code methodologies using Terraform and AWS CloudFormation for automated infrastructure provisioning and management.
Expertise in Azure services and Amazon AWS Cloud Administration which includes services like EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, IAM, SNS, RDS, Route 53, Cloud Watch, ECS, EKS, DynamoDB, etc.
Adept at configuration management with Ansible, Puppet, and Chef ensuring consistency and scalability across diverse environments.
Proficient in containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes facilitating efficient application packaging, deployment, and scaling.
Expertise in designing and implementing robust CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins, Maven, Docker, and AWS.
Effective collaborator with cross-functional teams, possessing strong interpersonal skills to communicate technical concepts clearly and facilitate knowledge sharing.
Committed to continuous learning and staying updated with emerging technologies, tools, and best practices in the dynamic DevOps landscape.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: Python, Groovy, Bash, Powershell, YAML, C, Java, Javascript.
Web technologies: HTML, CSS.
SCM Tools: GIT, SVN.
CICD: Jenkins, GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket.
Containerization Technologies: Docker, Kubernetes.
Configuration Management Tools: Ansible, Puppet, Chef.F
Infrastructure as code: Terraform, AWS CloudFormation.
Monitoring Tools: Splunk, Nagios, CloudWatch, Grafana.
Cloud: AWS, Azure, GCP.
Servers: VMware, Apache Tomcat, JBoss.
Databases: MySQL, Oracle.
Collaboration and Documentation: JIRA, Confluence.
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux.
Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: Cognizant Technology Solutions, India SEPTEMBER 2021 – JUNE 2022
Role: Programmer Analyst

Responsibilities:
Developed and maintained robust web applications using Python, Django, and RESTful APIs, ensuring high reliability and performance.
Developed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create VPC, Subnets, Route tables, EC2 instances, ELB, Security Groups, RDS, DynomoDB and CloudWatch.
Configure Bitbucket repositories and branches for source code management and version control.
Architected and implemented Ansible playbooks and modules to manage consistent environments across development and production.
Managed Docker components (Engine, Hub, Compose, Registry) and utilized Docker in Jenkins.
Written Groovy Jenkins CI/CD pipelines to deploy dockerized various applications in swarm mode by integrating Jenkins, ansible playbooks and Docker compose files.
Managed Azure Infrastructure Azure Web Roles, Worker Roles, VM Role, Azure SQL, Azure Storage, Azure AD Licenses, Virtual Machine Backup and Recover from a Recovery Services Vault using Azure PowerShell and Azure Portal.
Build, deploy and migrate infrastructure to Azure utilizing ARM templates and terraform. Work with Azure DevOps to create all-inclusive CI/CD process.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure VNets and subnets.
Implemented Azure services such as Azure Active Directory (AD), Azure storage, Azure cloud services, IS, Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Azure Blob Storage, Azure VM, SQL Database, Azure Functions, Azure Service Fabric, Azure Service Bus. And created Azure Kubernetes service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI.
Developed Splunk SPL queries, reports, and dashboards for effective monitoring and performance.
Created and Maintained Docker files in Source Code Repository build images and ran containers for microservices applications like ECS and OpenShift.
Utilized Confluence for technical documentation, team collaboration, and information sharing.
Performed server builds in EC2, monitored services with CloudWatch, and managed application deployments on JBoss and Apache Tomcat servers.
Worked closely with Project Managers, Developers, and QA Analysts to ensure successful software build and deployment for test, staging, and production environment.

Environment: Amazon Linux, Ubuntu, AWS (EC2, ECS, RDS, VPC, IAM, S3, cloud formation, cloud watch, and Route53), GIT, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Docker, Ansible, JBoss, Apache Tomcat, Python, groovy, Bash scripting, Splunk, Artifactory.

Client: Cognizant Technology Solutions, India MARCH 2021- JULY 2021
Role: Programmer Analyst Intern

Responsibilities:
Automated the deployment process of a Python web application utilizing GitLab CI/CD.
Developed declarative Jenkins files to automate Jenkins CI/CD Pipeline deployments for on-demand environments.
Deployed Jenkins CI/CD pipeline within Kubernetes environments using ArgoCD.
Developed Dockerfile configurations, orchestrated image building, and facilitated seamless deployment by pushing images to Docker Hub.
Built a 2-tier highly available architecture with Terraform on AWS.
Well versed in working with AWS services – EC2, S3, VPC, SQS, ELB, Lambda, DynamoDB and AWS Glue.
Gained hands-on experience with Azure services.
Written Ansible playbooks to provision servers, install necessary packages, configure web server settings, set up databases, and deploy web applications.
Created custom automation scripts for provisioning AWS resources, configuring infrastructure as code using tools like Terraform, and orchestrating deployments with Kubernetes on AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).
Implemented monitoring solutions leveraging Prometheus and Grafana to monitor the performance metrics and usage statistics of COVID-19 data, ensuring real-time visibility.

Environment: Azure, AWS – S3, VPC, EC2, ELB, EKS, Lambda, DynamoDB, SQS, AWS Glue, Jenkins, Docker, Terraform, Ansible, Grafana.

Client: Spectro Sign, INDIA MARCH 2020 – FEBRUARY 2021
Role: DevOps Engineer INTERN

Responsibilities:
Managed source code versions effectively using GIT, ensuring code integrity, and facilitating collaborative development.
Developed and managed scalable, secure AWS cloud infrastructure, integrating EC2 with Elastic Load Balancing and Auto Scaling groups to enhance performance and reliability.
Maintained robust cloud infrastructure utilizing AWS services such as EC2, S3, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, and Route 53 for operational excellence.
Written custom Chef cookbooks using Ruby to automate package installations and service management across multiple servers, improving efficiency and consistency.
Rapid-provisioning and Configuration Management for Linux, and Windows using Chef and Cloud Formation Templates on Amazon Web Services.
Worked on Docker for building and pushing Docker images in various environments.
Used Docker in the process of implementing high-level API which provides lightweight containers to run the applications.
Integrated Jenkins with GitHub and Maven to automate builds through Shell scripts, ensuring timely and reliable deployment cycles.
Extensively worked on CI and CD processes by automating build on a time basis using Jenkins.
Responsible for the Plugin Management, User Management, and End-End build and deployment setup using Jenkins.
Deployment of binary code in the form of JAR, WAR, and EAR files to the Apache Tomcat server.

Environment: AWS (EC2, VPC, IAM, S3, cloud formation, cloud watch, and Route53), GIT, GitHub, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, Chef, Apache Tomcat, Ruby, Bash scripting

Education:

Master of Science in Computer and information sciences
University of North Texas, USA GPA 3.72

Bachelor of Technology in Computer science and Engineering
Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College, INDIA GPA 8.3
Contact this candidate