Suma T
Email: ad4w27@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 304-***-****
Cloud & DevOps Engineer/ Linux System Administrator

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

9+ years of overall professional experience in DevOps Tools, Cloud Computing (AWS, Azure, PCF) and Linux System (CentOS, RHEL, SUSE, Ubuntu) Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting, administrating, Build & Release Management process. 4+ Years within DevOps culture for Build & Release and Cloud Implementation within Linux and Windows Environments.
Experience in designing and deploying a multiple application utilizing AWS EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, EBS, IAM, ELB, VPC, SQS, IAM, Elastic Bean stalk, Lambda, Code commit, Code build, Code deploy, Config, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation, focusing on high-availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWS Cloud formation template.
Experience in various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Azure Websites, Caching, SQL Azure, NoSQL, Storage, Network services, Azure Active Directory, API Management, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, PowerShell Automation.
Experience on Virtual machines, virtual network, SQL database, traffic manager, storage, ExpressRoute, Automation on Windows Azure platform services.
Experience with Pivotal Cloud Foundry and OpenShift/Kubernetes architecture and design, troubleshooting issues with platform components (PCF), and developing global/multi-regional deployment models and patterns for large scale developments/deployments on Cloud Foundry and OpenShift/Kubernetes
Knowledge of utilizing cloud technologies including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF).
Experience in maintaining the version across the environments using SCM tools like GitHub, source tree, bit bucket, GitLab) with the help of VCS like GIT.
Expertise in writing the playbooks using the YAML scripting which manages the configurations also have experience in setting up master minion architecture in Kubernetes to maintain the containers with the help of using YAML files, also deployed Docker containers through Kubernetes to manage the Microservices using its nodes, ConfigMaps, selector, Services, Pods.
Expertise in developing Python modules to automate processes in AWS and Automated the cloud deployment using AWS, AWS CLI, Python (Pip, Boto, Boto3) and AWS cloud formation templates also Proficient in scripting for automation & monitoring using Shell Bash, PowerShell, PHP, Java, Python, YAML, Ruby & Perl scripts.
Experience with Docker, Linux, Sonatype, TwistLock, and OWASP Zap.
Experience in installation, administration, upgrading AppDynamics and troubleshooting different issues based on platforms.
Experience in continuous integration technologies Bamboo and Jenkins/Hudson. Designed and created multiple deployment strategies using Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Development (CD) Pipelines and configuration management tools.
Experience using MAVEN and ANT as build tools for the building of deployable artifacts through Jenkins (jar, war & ear) from source code. Experience in Configuring the Nexus repository manager for maintaining the release code packages to publish snapshots and release versioned artifacts within the company.
Experience in Red Hat Enterprise Linux or Oracle Solaris environments and experience with tasks as shell scripting, creating cron jobs, analyzing log files, managing user accounts and groups.
Extensive experience in using Build Automation tools like ANT, Maven, Artifactory/Nexus, Anthill Pro and Hudson/Jenkins, Puppet/Chef/Ansible, AWS (Amazon Web Services).
Experience in Openstack components Neutron, Nova, Cinder, Horizon, Ceilometer, Heat, Glance and Swift.
Experience in upgrading Openstack releases from Kilo/Juno to Liberty and Mitaka releases.
Experience in creating Docker containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI's in addition to creating Docker containers from scratch. Worked on Kubernetes and Docker images to provide platform as service (PAAS) on private and public cloud, VMware and improved manageability of containers using OpenShift.
Experience on Ansible playbooks for virtual and physical instance provisioning, configuration management, patching and software deployment.
Experience in the entire IoT technology stack including sensors, gateways, protocols, security, cloud, application development, and analytics.
Expertise in development and validation of a variety of IoT proof-of-concept projects.
Expertise on Chef Enterprise Hosted as well as On-Premise, Installed Chef Workstation, Bootstrapped Nodes, Wrote Recipes and Cookbooks and uploaded them to Chef-server, Managed On-site OS/Applications/Services/Packages using Chef.
Strong understanding of VMware Networking concepts like creation of VSwitches, different types of port groups, NIC Teaming and VLAN Problem management on VMware ESX 4.X and Virtual Center and VMotion.
Expertise in implementation and maintenance of Apache Httpd, Apache Tomcat, SMTP, DHCP, NFS, NIS, LDAP, DNS, SQUID, Postfix, send mail, FTP, Remote Access, Security Management & Security trouble shooting skills.
Experience NIC bonding/NIC Teaming configuration in Linux/UNIX/Windows/VMware systems to increase the bandwidth or redundancy based on requirement by the application.
Expertise in creating and managing Logical Volume Manager in RedHat LINUX and Adding, removing and resizing Logical volumes and implementing software RAID at installation time.
Expertise in writing Unix/Linux, shell scripting, Bash Scripts, Pearl Scripts (hash and arrays), Python programing for deployment of Java applications on bare servers or Middleware tools.
Experience working with Network monitoring tools like Nagios, Splunk. Maintenance of Splunk Environment with multiple indexes and configuring the index settings.
Involved in setting up JIRA as defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations and plugins for the JIRA bug/issue tracker. Included and Participated in week by week QA Meetings.
Experience supporting 24x7 production computing environments. Experience providing on-call and weekend support.

EDUCATION
Bachelor’s degree in information and technology – JNTU Hyderabad, India May 2013
Master’s degree in Information Technology – Kent State University, OH May 2016

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems
Windows servers 2000/2003/2008, UNIX, LINUX, Ubuntu, VMware ESX 4.0/5.1/5.5, CentOS 5/6/7
CM & CI Tools
Chef, Puppet, Ansible / Jenkins, Hudson, Bamboo
Build Tools
ANT, MAVEN, Jenkins, Bamboo, Nagios, Zabbix, Cacti, JIRA
Cloud Technologies
AWS, Microsoft Azure, Openstack and Rackspace
Version Control
Subversion, CVS, SVN, GIT
Tracking Tools
Remedy, Jira, Agile and ServiceNow
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, Java Script, Bootstrap
Monitoring tools
Nagios, Zabbix, Sensu, Graphite, Splunk, Appdynamics

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AT&T (Richardson, TX) Jan 2018 – Dec 2023
DevOps / Cloud Engineer

Engaged with outlining and sending a huge number of uses using all the AWS stack including EC2, IAM, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, SQS, LAMBDA, EMR, REDSHIFT, CODE DEPLOY, concentrating on high-accessibility, adaptation to internal failure and auto-scaling in AWS cloud development.
Worked with on AWS cloud services like EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Dynamo DB, SNS, EBS, IAM, ELB, VPC, SQS, IAM, Elastic Bean stalk, Lambda, Code commit, Code build, Code deploy, Config, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Cloud Formation.
Associated with manufacture and keep up Highly Available secure multi-zone AWS cloud framework with AWS Cloud Formation and Jenkins for persistent coordination.
Involved in setting up Jenkins Master and multiple slaves for the entire team as a CI tool as part of Continuous development and deployment process.
Worked on Docker and Ansible in build automation pipeline and Continuous Deployment of code using Jenkins and wrote Playbooks to automate Ansible servers using YAML scripting and Developed an Ansible role for Zabbix -agent which will be integrated into the to the CICD pipeline.
Configured applications that run multi-container Docker applications by utilizing the Docker-Compose tool which uses a file configured in YAML format. Used Kubernetes to manage containerized applications using its nodes, Config-Maps, selector, Services and deployed application containers as Pods.
Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous Integration (CI) environment along with Anthill-Pro, Jenkins and Subversion.
Responsible for managing and supporting Continuous Integration (CI) using Jenkins.
Managed Network Access control list (NAcl) for controlling the traffic in and out of one or more subnets. Involved in build and maintain Highly Available secure multi-zone AWS cloud infrastructure with AWS Cloud Formation and Jenkins for continuous integration.
Wrote Python Scripts to Monitor Variety of Services & Configured kickstart server and updating/applying patches to the servers using RedHat Satellite server.
Developed Microservice onboarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Wrote Lambda functions in python for AWS Lambda and invoked python scripts for data transformations and analytics on large data sets in EMR clusters and AWS Kinesis data streams.
Wrote multiple Python Scripts to configure and automate the deployment processes and worked on Python Boto module to connect to AWS resources without logging onto AWS Console.
Worked on Python script to query Twist lock for detailed vulnerability information for distribution to Application Teams.
Integrated Twist lock scans into pipelines to verify container security. Architected, deployed and optimized the Container security tool, Twist lock in AWS.
Worked on twist lock Security for the Vulnerability and HIPAA compliance check for Docker Containers and Images.
Created health rules Dashboards and Reports for various applications on AppDynamics.
Developed, and implemented architectural solutions involving multiple Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) foundations on VMware virtual infrastructure (on-premises).
Instructed teams on best practices around PCF and Spring Boot.
Knowledge of threats and vulnerabilities associated with application, IoT, cloud, and network security.
Worked within the IoT and mobile technology domain is highly desired.
Created deployment models for cloud foundry, explaining the underlying VM, Container, and application layout across multiple PCF foundations spread across the globe.
Solutions involved logging with ELK and Splunk, custom buildpacks, service-to-service security, and other common issues faced when PCF is involved in a large-scale digital transformation.
Involved in Architecting and deploying multiple monitoring solutions using tools CA APM, AppDynamics, Dynatrace and HP Business Service Management (BSM) solutions in development and production environments.
Worked on reviewing Splunk Dashboards and reports to enumerate policy infractions.
Introduced, Configured VMware and checked Virtual conditions with ESXi servers and Virtual Center. Migrated VMware VMs from on start to AWS cloud and relocated applications utilizing AWS administrations like EC2, S3 Bucket, Route53, ELB, EBS and observed versatile foundation on Amazon web administrations (AWS) & setup administration.
Worked with data security, encryption, PKI, Splunk, monitoring, access control, and incident management tools.
Managed systems routine backup, scheduling jobs like disabling and enabling cron jobs, enabling system logging, network logging, network logging of servers for. Maintenance, performance tuning and testing.
Deploying the Openstack components on multi-node with High availability environment.
Provisioning and optimizing of compute, network, and storage services with Openstack through dashboard, command-line and API utilities.
Deployed Cloud both automatically using Fuel, Openstack Ansible and manual deployment.
Configuring the Openstack components keystone, glance, neutron, cinder, swift, Heat and ceilometer.
Worked with Jenkins as Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment Tool and strong experience with Ant and Maven Build Frameworks Implemented a Continuous Delivery (CD) by applying the tools like Dockers, Jenkins, GitHub and AWS.
Managed Maven to fabricate Rpms from source code looked at from Subversion storehouse, with Jenkins being the Continuous Integration Server and Artifactory as archive chief.
Managing the configurations of multiple servers using Ansible. Worked on Ansible to spinup Jenkins server with all the dependencies like multiple Java versions and Jenkins dependencies.
Worked on Docker compartments to pull the pictures from the archives and store in holders. Installed and sent Docker Engines in Virtualized Platforms for containerization of numerous applications and arrange Docker Swarm and Kubernetes.
Installed and configured Nginx as reverse proxy, webserver for multiple sites and worked with server, location, SSL configuration sections in Nginx.
Robotized Weekly discharges with ANT/Maven scripting for Compiling Java Code, Debugging and Placing Builds into Maven Repository Wrote Python Scripts to Monitor Variety of Services &Perl Scripts with Hash/Arrays to Insert/Delete/Modify content in multiple servers.
Monitored System Performance of Virtual memory, Managing Swap Space, Disk utilization and CPU utilization and Created and maintained user accounts, profiles, security, rights, disk space and process monitoring.
Worked on GITHUB Branching, Merging, Tagging Responsible for building out and improving the reliability and performance of cloud applications and cloud infrastructure deployed on Amazon Web Services.
Documented every one of the progressions for additionally investigating purposes In Confluence.
Worked with Agile Methodology and JIRA for making Projects, relegating consents to clients and gatherings for the ventures and Created Mail handlers and notice Schemes for JIRA. Involved in configuration and support of a production environment hosted in a 24x7 setup.

Caterpillar (Nashville, TN) May 2016 – June 2017 DevOps / Cloud Engineer

Experience on AWS cloud services like EC2, S3, RDS, ELB, and EBS for installing, configuring and troubleshooting on various Amazon images for server migration from physical into cloud.
Responsible for building out and improving the reliability and performance of cloud applications and cloud infrastructure deployed on Amazon Web Services.
Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate Servers/ storage using AWS cloud watch. Maintained the user accounts (IAM), RDS, Route 53, VPC, RDB, Dynamo DB, SES, SQS and SNS services in AWS Cloud.
Microsoft Windows Azure queues, storage, database, jQuery Product owner for internal 10th Magnitude application development framework.
Proficient on Automation tools like Selenium RC/WebDriver (Functional & Regression Testing), TestNG, Junit, ANT, Maven, Jenkins and SOAP UI Pro for testing Client Server and Web based Applications.
Installed Java language and TestNG framework for scripting. Installed TestNG for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Created repositories, managed user access, code and release maintenance on GIT, build and administrate Continuous Delivery pipelines using Git, Jenkins and Groovy DSL.
Composed shows/Recipes and Ruby contents to alter the Puppet per our condition. Worked on automation/configuration management using Puppet with Installation of Puppet Master, Agents, Puppet DB, Custom Modules and Manifests and Puppet Open Source with Apache.
Designed Puppet Modules to oversee arrangements and computerize establishment process and Implemented manikin modules for server housekeeping. Automated centralized configuration using Puppet and addressed software configuration management issues in coordination with development team.
Experience on automation of Azure deployments utilizing PowerShell. Experience on Virtual machines, virtual network, SQL database, traffic manager, storage, ExpressRoute, Automation on Windows Azure platform services.
Experience in administration of Apache HTTP Webserver, Apache Tomcat servers and Responsible for setting up WebLogic clusters, JDBC Data sources.
Troubleshooting of SSL Handshake Errors, Out of Memory Errors, Connection Time Out and performance related issues in IHS - WAS Production issues.
Installed and configured Wily Introscope agents on WebSphere Application Servers and configured thresholds for monitoring and alerts.
Experienced in installing, upgrading and maintaining RedHat Enterprise Linux, Sun Solaris, Ubuntu, HP-UX and Windows based environments.
Worked in infrastructure team on installation, configuration and administration of AIX, Red Hat Linux, RHEL and SUSE Linux, Windows server.
Installed, configured and upgraded Windows and Linux network structures and various network devices, including CISCO, wireless and VoIP devices.
User account management, worked with shell scripting (ksh, bash) to automate administration tasks and Involvement in Shell scripting (ksh, bash) to robotize framework organization occupations.
Utilized Jira 6.2 as our bug attaching tool, and work with the present executive to make refreshes and counsel on modules. Utilized JIRA device to make and refresh stories and for following task status.

VIRTUSA (Hyderabad, India) July 2013 – Dec 2015
Linux/Unix Administrator

Installation of Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Configuration and troubleshooting for Red Hat Linux. Handling troubleshooting issues like boating, RPM packages, User management and backup. IP bonding for load balancing and fail over, Firewall, SELINUX.
Creating and deploying LVM, resizing the logical volume and volume group. Configuration and administration of LDAP, NFS, FTP, SAMBA and POSTFIX Servers in Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Performances, CPU and Memory monitoring of Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
Create, deploy and manage Linux and windows VM using Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Manager, which includes moving and migrating VM from one cluster to another cluster or within the same cluster.
Experience Sun Volume Manager, Veritas Volume Manager for Volume Management of Solaris Server and Logical Volume Manager for volume management of Linux Servers. The file systems are VxFS, ZFS, UFS, ext3 and ext4.
Configured RAID levels 1, 5 using hardware RAID Controllers and RAID levels 10, 01, 51 using Volume Management software.
Experience with Configuration Management Tools (PUPPET). Worked with Puppet for Monitoring system and automation.
Installed and configured DCHP server to give IP leases to production servers. Management of RedHat Linux user accounts, groups, directories and file permissions.
Applied the Clustering Topology that meets High Availability and Failover requirement for performance and functionality.
Installation and configuration of PostgreSQL database on RedHat/Debian Servers, configuration and Administration of Apache Web Server and SSL.
Installed packages with yum and rpm. Configured yum repository server for installing packages from a centralized server.
Installation, Configuration and administration of DNS, LDAP, NFS, NIS, NIS+ and Sendmail on Redhat Linux/Debian Servers.
Experience in migration of consumer data from one production server to another production server over the network with the help of Bash and Perl scripting.
Installed and configured monitoring tools Nagios for monitoring the network bandwidth and the hard drives status.
Created and maintained network users, user environment, directories, and security.
Provided 24/7 on call support on Linux Production Servers. Responsible for maintaining security on Redhat Linux.
Worked with JIRA for making Projects, doling out authorizations to clients and gatherings for the ventures and Created Mail handlers and warning Schemes for JIRA. Logged events from forced crash dumps and troubleshoot server issues.
Contact this candidate