MY PROFILE
Jean-Paul Bayoi
Devops/Cloud Engineer
ad4w8l@r.postjobfree.com / 678-***-****.
SUMMARY:
Experienced DevOps Engineer Professional with 5 years of experience optimizing workforces, capturing cost savings, and driving efficiencies for diverse enterprises on a global scope. Experienced IT professional with skills including but not limited to capturing applications’ functional and nonfunctional requirements, mapping requirements to a set of AWS services data, compute, storage, management, network, microservices and security, creating solution proposals in line with an organization’s goals around performance, scalability, elasticity, security, management and monitoring and creating these solutions while democratizing advanced technologies.
● Excellent exposure to Provisioning Systems, Automated Build Platforms.
● Poses exceptional problem-solving skills, client service and communication skills
● Strong Analytical skills and ability to listen to detail.
● Excellent at Multitasking, troubleshooting, and resolving customers technical issues.
● Ability to quickly adapt and learn on the go while meeting tight deadlines.
● Team Player and ability to comfortably work alone. HIGHLIGHTED SKILLS:
● Accomplish large-scale and full-phase projects in compliance to aggressive deadlines and to budget specifications.
● Knowledgeable of leading-edge, new, and emerging technologies to enable cost savings, risk management, safety, automation, and superior standards of excellence for companies dominating the domestic and global market.
LANGUAGES: Fluent in English and French.
TRAINING:
- African Institute of Technology March 2021- April 2022
- Udemy Academy May 2022- March 2023
CERTIFICATES
-AWS certified solution architect June 2023, AWS certified cloud practitioner March 2023 EDUCATION:
-Southern Polytechnic State University, Atlanta GA USA. Bsc. in electrical engineering technology. September 2012
-Laguardia community college, NY USA.
Associate in liberal arts of mathematics and applied science. August 2010
-University of Buea, Cameroon.
Master in political science. September 2009
Bs in political science. September 2007
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Scripting Language Linux Shell Scripting
Containerization Docker
Continuous
Integration (CI)
Jenkins, Gitlab
Build Automation Maven
Version Control GitHub, Gitlab, Git, Bitbucket
Artifact AWS S3
Monitoring Datadog
Infrastructure As
Code
Terraform
Container
Orchestration
Kubernetes, AWS EKS
Package Manager Helm, Apt, Wget
Continuous
Deployment
Argo CD
Container Registries Docker Hub,
Web Servers Apache, Nginx, Tomcat
Bug Tracking Tools Jira
Operating Systems Unix/Linux, Windows, Windows Server 2012, and 2016 Linux Distributions Centos 6, 7 & 8, Ubuntu
Amazon Web Services
Networking/
Protocols
Database
Web
Development
Deployment
strategy
VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, SNS, ELB, Auto Scaling, Route 53, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk, EFS, EBS, CloudTrail, Trusted Advisor, AWS Organizations, CloudFront, WAF, IAM roles. JSON, YAML, code commit
TCP/IP, FTP, SCP, SSH, SSL, DNS, HTTP, HTTPS, DHCP, VPN, and LDAP MySQL, RDS, DynamoDB
HTML, CCS
Rolling Update, Blue green deployment, canary deployment Languages English and French
code quality tools SonarQube
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
EK TECH SOFTWARE SOLUTION Nov 2018 – Present DevOps Engineer
● Achieved a promotion of increased leadership responsibility due to a quantifiable record of success, value-added contributions, strong leadership initiative, and an exemplary work ethic.
● Create and maintain documentation of build, release process and application configuration to comply with audit requirements and industry best practices.
● Exercise collaborative teamwork with the development team to implement code modifications. Employ Git to clone, pull, revert, reset, merge, fetch, add, commit, and push codes from local to central repositories such as GitHub and AWS Code Commit.
● Configure Jenkins nodes/slaves to master with SSH and launch agents to distribute the Jenkins master server’s workload. Also configure Maven jobs and freestyle projects in Jenkins for a variety of projects.
● Enable Jenkins master to pull the source code from GitHub automatically when there is a new one.
● Use Maven and other automation tools to compile, test, review, package the source code and store the Artifact into AWS S3 bucket.
● Responsible for writing Docker files to build custom images, store into AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR) and Docker Hub, use Ansible playbooks to pull images from the registry and deploy into Kubernetes cluster.
● Responsible for developing AWS CloudFormation stacks to automate the creation of AWS development, test, and production resources. Update existing CloudFormation stacks as needed.
● Gitlab, migrating Jenkins files to GitLab.
● Blue green deployment, canary deployment, AWS code commit
● Support manual users and upgrade the servers with Linux (Centos 6, 7 & 8, Ubuntu) and managing users.
Linux System Administrator / Tech Support May 2018- Nov 2018
● Installing, configuring, patching, hardening, optimizing, backup, monitoring, and maintaining the Linux servers and workstations.
● Responsible for creating, modifying, and deleting users, groups, resetting account password and assigning permissions to users and groups.
● Users and Group Administration and giving special permission using SUID/SGID, ACL and Sticky bit.
● Monitored Linux CPU utilization, memory utilization, disk utilization and services using IOSTAT, VMSTAT, SAR and TOP.
● Executed system updates, network server configuration, system patching.
● Wrote bash shell scripts for automation, deployments, server configuration, system tasks,Automated configuration and updating for 200+ servers using Ansible increased customer satisfaction.
● Built, installed, bridged, configured, and tested virtual services including RHEL 6, 7, and 8, Centos 6 and 7 and 8, in VMware Workstation and VMware ESXI.
● Responsible for creating, modifying, and deleting users, groups, resetting account password and assigning permissions to users and groups.
● Fields support calls, chat, email, and/or other communication from users with inquiries regarding software programming, connectivity, printing, and similar concerns
● Consulting with users to determine steps and procedures to be taken to identify and resolve the problem.
● Applying knowledge of computer software, hardware, and procedures to solve problems.
● Guiding users through diagnostic and troubleshooting processes.
Contact this candidate