Lavanya S
ad4yxk@r.postjobfree.com
650-***-****
DevOps Cloud Engineer

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
* ***** ** ** ********** in AWS and DevOps. Implementing Solutions for Software Application Release.
Expertized in architecting, building, maintaining, and operating the Cloud environment using AWS Systems Manager and Cloud Formation.
Professional in building the end-to-end automation approach to build the cloud infrastructure along with the necessary application deployments using five button automation methods.
Good Experience in AWS PaaS that include the service like AWS Lambda.
I am having working knowledge of automating the Cloud infrastructure provisioning via Cloud Formation (Infrastructure as Code) and migrating web applications from AWS to Cloud and possesses strong analytical and problem-solving skills and In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management (SCM) processes, which include compiling, packaging, deploying and Application configurations.
Able to effectively manage time and prioritize multiple projects.
Experience in capturing operational requirements and transforming them into timely deliverables.
Strong Knowledge on Terraform and IAC.
Strong knowledge of cloud providers offering, AWS in particular Lambda, Kinesis, EMR, RDS, Redshift, API Gateway, EC2, SQS,SNS,ECS, ELB, S3/EBS, etc. with public cloud platform.
Implemented Continuous Integration by using Team city.
Implemented Continuous Integration using Jenkins.
Implemented Monitoring Tools to leverage the productivity of Development-Teams
Foundational experience in building the CI/CD pipeline by using tools like Git/ Bit bucket, Jenkins and Ansible/Code Deploy.
Good experience on Workflow management tools.
Experience on AWS monthly patching and DevOps production releases and upgrades.
Certifications:
AWS Certified DevOps Engineer –Professional

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Cloud Environments
AWS (EC2, ELB, Dynamo DB, S3, RDS, IAM, RDS, EBS, VPC, Cloud Watch), Open Shift
Configuration Management Tools
Ansible, puppet, Chef.
Container tools
Docker, Kubernetes.
Monitoring tools
Nagios, Splunk, Grafana, Prometheus, App Dynamics.
Scripting Languages
Shell scripting, Bash, PHP and Python.
Version Control Tool
GIT/GitHub, Subversion, Bit bucket.
Code Quality Analysis Tools
SonarQube
Build Tools
Maven, Ant.
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins, Bamboo, Hudson.
Web/ Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Web Sphere.
Databases
Oracle, NoSQL, MYSQL, Dynamo DB.
Operating Systems
UNIX, Linux, Windows, MacOS.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
FG Financial Group, Inc, St Petersburg, FL
July 2022 to Present
AWS DevOps Engineer
Conducted deep-dive hands-on training sessions to transfer knowledge to customers considering or already using AWS.
Performed first-level incident response and service resolution for cloud systems.
Monitored costs and optimized cloud deployment expenses against business needs.
Performed advanced engineering in configuration, management and deployment of AWS cloud environments.
Responded promptly to user requests for permission changes, new storage and expansion questions.
Terraform with AWS experience.
Managed use of various types of databases and configured, installed and upgraded new ones.
Defined enterprise processes and best practices and tailored enterprise processes for applications.
Analyzing, architecting and provisioning the new environments for new releases in AWS Cloud environments
Infrastructure creation includes the creation of VPC, Subnet, Route Tables, Network ACLs, Route 53 services, security groups, IAM Roles, Direct Connect, Transit Gateway, S3 buckets, S3 Bucket policies, Athena Dashboard, Elastic search, Elastic cache, Systems Manager parameters and documents, RDS, DynamoDB and cloud formation templates.
Good experience in creating the Cloud Formation templates for the new/existing infra either in JSON/YAML
Implemented the end to end automation to build the AWS Infrastructure using Systems manager and Cloud formation with five button automation approaches.
Designed and developed the Patch management across all the AWS accounts using the AWS Systems Manager to automate the Windows and Linux update monthly maintenance activity which is a cost-free method
Responsible for creating the IAM and S3 Bucket policies to maintain the environments in a secured manner.
Created and configured elastic load balancers and auto scaling groups to distribute the traffic and to have a cost efficient, fault tolerant and highly available environment.
Responsible to provision the new S3 buckets to store the files required to serve the static content of a web application.
All the Middleware (Apache, Java and Tomcat) upgrades and SSL Certificate management have been automated and can be implemented in a single click approach using Systems Manager.
Responsible to maintain the hassle-free CI/CD pipeline to deploy the new developed features in the application servers using AWS Code Deploy
Created AWS VPC setup, Security Groups, IAM roles and policies for Dev and Prod environments.
Worked on different monitoring tools like AWS Cloud Watch, Pager Duty, Ganglia, Nagios, Splunk/ELK and Data Dog.
Environment: Kubernetes, AWS, EC2, S3, Cloud Watch, Chef, Docker, Terraform, Jenkins, Ant, Maven, Linux, Windows, Splunk, Nagios, Git/GitHub, Jira, Shell/Bash, SQL Server, SQL, Tomcat, Apache, Web Logic, Web Sphere

NuvoAir, Boston, MA
Jan 2019 to June 2022
AWS DevOps Engineer
Created highly available and scalable infrastructure in AWS cloud by using various AWS services like EC2, VPC, RDS, and Route53.
Configured AWS EC2 Instances using AMIs and launched instances with requirements of specific applications
Build Automation and Build Pipe line Development using Jenkins and Maven.
Set up build pipelines in Jenkins by using various plug-in like Maven plug-in, EC2 plug-in.
Setting up Jenkins master, adding the necessary plug-in and adding more slaves to support scalability and agility.
Installed, configuring and administering Jenkins as Continuous Integration Server on Linux machines.
Implemented the setup for Master slave architecture to improve the Performance of Jenkins.
Managed Ansible Playbooks with Ansible roles. Used file module in Ansible playbook to copy and remove files on remote systems
Implemented and designed AWS virtual servers by Ansible roles to ensure deployment of web applications.
Developed puppet manifests for different application and web servers like Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, WebSphere, and Web logic.
Managed the source code repository and involved in the build, release and continuous integration process.
Dealt with errors in pom.xml file in order to obtain appropriate builds using maven build tool.
Created proper documentation for new server setups and performed backups on existing servers.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins and GitHub.
Whenever a new GitHub branch gets started, Jenkins automatically builds new Docker container from it.
Installed and Configured the Nexus repository manager for sharing the artifacts within the company.
Supported and developed tools for integration, automated testing and release management.
Used Cloud watch for monitoring servers CPU performance and memory utilization.
Coordinated with the Dev, DBA, QA, and IT Operations environments to ensure there are no resource conflicts.
Responsible for the development and maintenance of processes and associated scripts/tools for automated build, testing and deployment of the products to various developments.
Participated in day-to -day System Administration tasks on RHEL/Cent OS 5.x/6.x
Verified the methods used to create and recreate software builds are consistent and repeatable.
Participated in Research of the project application architecture to support/resolve build, compile, and test issues/problems.
Used Jira as ticket tracking and work flow tool
Environment: GIT, Ansible, Jenkins, Tomcat, Apache, Python, JIRA, Maven, Nexus, Puppet, Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu, Cent OS, Linux, AWS EC2, AWS SQS, AWS S3, AWS Cloud Formation Templates, AWS RDS, AWS Cloud Watch.

EDUCATION:
Bachelor of Technology 2002-06
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
Computer Science
Contact this candidate