Vijaya Raju Kesina Email:- ad524l@r.postjobfree.com ph:-405-***-****
Sr.DevOps Engineer Cloud DevOps Engineer Automation Engineer/Developer

Overall, 4 Years of experience in the IT industry with ability in all aspects of the software configuration management (SCM) process AZURE, AWS, GCP, DevOps, Build/Release Management, Continuous Integration, and Continuous Delivery using different tools.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Cloud Environment

Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Platforms
C, C++, Java/J2EE, Dot Net
Scripting
Shell, Python, Ruby, PowerShell, YAML, Groovy, Bash
Web Technologies/Frameworks
HTML, JSP, JSTL, JavaScript, CSS, Servlets
Version Control Tools
SVN (Subversion), GIT, CVS, GitLab, GitHub, Bitbucket
Build Tools
Ant, Maven, Jenkins
Configuration Management
Terraform, Chef, Puppet, Ansible
Containerization Technologies
Docker, Kubernetes
Continuous Integration Tools
Jenkins, UDeploy, ArgoCD
Ticketing Tools
JIRA, Bugzilla, and Confluence
Monitoring Tools
Nagios, Splunk, Cloud Watch, ELK Stack
Artifactory Repositories
Nexus, JFrog
Methodologies
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall
Operating Systems

Unix/Linux (Red Hat, CentOS, SUSE), Solaris, Ubuntu, Windows
Databases
Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, DynamoDB, MongoDB, NoSQL, PostgreSQL
Virtualization
Virtual Box, VMWare, Windows Hyper-V

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

●Experienced on various Azure Services like Virtual Machines (VMs), Active Directory, Web Roles, Worker Roles, Azure Websites, Azure SQL, Storage, Azure Virtual Network (VNet), Azure Active Directory, API Management, Load Balancing, Auto Scaling, and PowerShell Automation.
●Creating Amazon EC2 instances and maintaining security groups. Architecture of Elastic Load Balancers with EC2 Auto Scaling Groups. Maintaining volumes and mapping with multi-AZ VPC instances.
●Oversaw AWS resources, managing EC2 instances and VPC configurations and directing the migration of applications from Azure to AWS. Strong Experience in Amazon EC2 setting up Instances, VPCs, and Security Groups.
●Established S3 buckets and formulated policies for storage and backup on AWS, ensuring data integrity and availability.
●Monitored real-time application performance on AWS through tools like Cloud Watch and Cloud Trail, ensuring optimal uptime and swift issue resolution.
●Managed end-to-end CI/CD pipelines using AWS CodePipeline and CodeBuild, automating code builds, testing, and deployments.
●Utilized AWS CloudFormation to define and provision infrastructure as code (IaC) for AWS resources, ensuring consistency.
●Orchestrated Docker containers with AWS ECS and EKS for scalable deployments, optimizing application portability.
●Automated deployment, configuration, and management tasks using Python, Bash, and PowerShell scripts.
●Administered Git repositories, enforced coding standards, and managed branching strategies for effective version control.
●Proficiently managed AWS services such as Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, S3, RDS, and EC2, optimizing resource usage.
●Configured Amazon CloudWatch for resource monitoring and set up timely alerts and notifications.
●Maintained documentation of CI/CD processes, infrastructure, and best practices, promoting knowledge sharing.
●Experienced in streamlining and monitoring applications across various platforms using AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
●Managed AWS infrastructure with a keen focus on automation using Terraform.
●Established a continuous delivery pipeline, integrating Jenkins with GitHub and AWS.
●Developed Jenkins pipelines for microservices, ensuring swift deployment to the Docker registry.
●Relied on Jenkins for continuous integration, facilitating seamless integration, build, and deployment processes.
●Proficient in setting up Grafana dashboards to monitor various aspects of infrastructure and applications.

Work Experience:

Title: Sr.DevOps Engineer Client:Pronix INC, NJ May 2023 - Present

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES: -
●Managed Cloud Platforms AWS (API Management Services, Data Factories, App Services, Data Lake Store, SQL Databases & Virtual Machines).
●Configured and managed complex AWS Pipeline workflows, including multi-stage pipelines and parallel releases, to enable faster and more reliable deployment of applications.
●Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using AWS DevOps and Jenkins, enabling the rapid and reliable deployment of new features and updates to the applications.
●Exposed to all aspects of the software development life cycle (SDLC) such as Analysis, Planning, Developing, Testing, and Implementing and Post-production analysis of the projects.
●Configured security and system in Jenkins. Added multiple nodes to Jenkins and configured SSH for continuous deployments.
●Extensively worked on AWS services such as EC2, S3, SNS, SQS, IAM, CloudWatch, CodeDeploy, CloudFront, CloudFormation and VPC.
●Designed, configured, and managed public/private cloud infrastructures utilizing Amazon Web Services (AWS) including EC2, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Tables, Elastic Load Balancer, Cloud Watch and IAM.
●Updating kernel & security patches in Amazon linux environment, handling out of memory issues in Linux kernels during rebalance in Kafka clusters.
Title: Cloud DevOps Engineer Client: A5E Consulting Hyd, IN Nov 2020 - Apr 2022
Responsibilities:

●Delved deep into GCP, developing and managing services for optimal application performance and scalability.
●Configured and maintained data storage on GCP’s Cloud Storage, ensuring high data durability and swift access.
●Managed Cloud SQL instances, focusing on smooth database operations and backups.
●Relied on Stackdriver Monitoring to evaluate and act upon the performance metrics of GCP resources.
●Automated provisioning and management of GCP resources using Cloud Deployment Manager, bringing uniformity and efficiency.
●Developed and managed services on GCP, leveraging its features to build robust and scalable applications tailored for the cloud.
●Implemented storage solutions using GCP’s Cloud Storage, ensuring data accessibility and optimal performance.
●Deployed applications on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) within GCP, ensuring containerized applications ran efficiently and scaled as needed.
●Utilized GCP’s BigQuery for handling and analyzing large datasets, ensuring data-driven decisions for the business.
●Leveraged Google Cloud Functions within GCP for building event-driven microservices, enhancing application modularity and scalability.
●Skillfully utilized Kubernetes to manage Docker containers, ensuring seamless container orchestration in the GCP environment.
Used AWS for creating new EC2 instances, checking the security group settings, adding the elastic IPs for the servers, and deleting the elastic IPs for the servers needed, applying the inbound IP addresses as needed.
●Managed multiple AWS accounts with multiple VPCs for production and non-prod, where primary objectives included automation, build-out, integration, and cost control.
●Facilitated the flow of information by organizing and presiding over regularly scheduled meetings with all Aurora Lounge Team Members. Design, deploy, and maintain Ubuntu server environments primarily hosted in AWS.
●Debug existing automation code and test to confirm functionality within AWS/EC2.
●Used Bash and Python, including Boto3, to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
●Used the AWS-CLI to suspend an AWS Lambda function processing an Amazon Kinesis stream, then resume it again.
Title: Jr. Developer Client: Rwaltz Software Hyd, IN April 2019 - Sep 2020
Responsibilities:

●Integrated applications with external services using APIs to ensure interoperability and data exchange.
●Assisted senior engineers in managing cloud resources on AWS, setting up instances, and ensuring proper configurations.
●Utilized Shell and Python scripts to automate routine tasks, enhancing the efficiency of daily operations and reducing manual interventions.
●Worked with version control using GIT and collaborated with team members using GitHub, ensuring code and configuration consistency across the team.
●Deployed and maintained applications using Jenkins, facilitating the continuous integration and continuous deployment process to streamline software releases.
●Set up and maintain relational databases such as MySQL, ensuring data integrity, security, and availability for organizational applications.

Education:
Masters of Science Engineering Oklahoma Christian University 2022-2023
Bachelor’s In Electronics & Communication Engineering JNTUK 2015-2019.
Contact this candidate