Muhammad Sheroz
Houston, TX
Email : ad598e@r.postjobfree.com Phone : 832-***-****
I have expertise working in an agile environment as a DevOps engineer and administering Linux servers. I have experience working in various virtualization environments including VMware and AWS cloud along with creating automation CI/CD processes with Jenkins and containerization technologies with Docker and Kubernetes

Bank of America - Dallas, TX February 2021 – Present
DevOps Engineer

●Collaborated with other DevOps engineers to maintain a deployment and management strategy - Assisting with creating and maintaining an automation and monitoring framework - Developing automation using Shell scripting, Linux- Creating and implementing application monitoring and logging strategies using tools like New Relic and Splunk.
●Hands-on experience on Ansible as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.
●Used Ansible Tower for scheduling playbooks, creating templates, setting up inventory and used GIT repository to store our playbooks.
●Experienced in creating Docker Containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI's in addition to creating Docker Containers.
●Hands on experience in using tools like Docker Compose, Kubernetes, etc. for orchestrating, linking and deploying the services related to the containers.
●Created CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins on Kubernetes container environment, utilizing Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy.
●Installed, configured and managed the Docker containers, Docker Images, Docker repository and Docker registry. Utilized best practices to create images from Docker files and uploading to Docker hub.
●Responsible for orchestrating CI/CD processes by responding to Git triggers, human input, and dependency chains and environment setup.
●Managed and administered SQL databases, including Sybase, DB2, and Oracle, proficiently crafting SQL queries for log file analysis and database record updates.
●Managed AWS EC2 instances utilizing Auto Scaling, Elastic Load Balancing and Glacier for our QA and UAT environments as well as infrastructure servers for GIT and Puppet, Ansible.
●Used Terraform as a tool, managed different infrastructure resources in AWS Cloud, Docker containers and managed Terraform remote states, and created reusable infrastructure using Terraform Modules.
●Created Terraform modules to create instances in AWS & automated process of creation of resources in AWS using Terraform.
●Utilized terraform for managing the infrastructure through the terminal sessions and executed scripts in creating alarms and notifications for EC2 instances using AWS cloud watch.
●Worked with the networking team and conducted comprehensive testing of SFTP connections and protocols to verify seamless compatibility between existing configurations on RHEL 7 systems and the newer RHEL 8 systems.
●Installed, configured and maintained RHEL 8 systems with the correct network protocols and firewall settings to test migration updates from RHEL 7 systems.
●Performed Root Cause Analysis (RCA) to diagnose system and network connection failures, leveraging comprehensive log analysis through tools like Splunk by reviewing both system and infrastructure logs.
●Diagnosed and resolved system/service failures by thoroughly analyzing issues and implementing effective corrective actions.
●Implemented and administered code analysis tools, including SonarQube, integrated with Jenkins to ensure continuous code quality and security.
●Applied security patches to vulnerable machines with ansible, Jenkins and bash scripts to meet compliance standards
●Experienced in MS SQL Server configuration, Performance Tuning, Client-Server Connectivity, Query Optimization, Database Maintenance Plans and Database Consistency.
●Proactively addressed and resolved daily tickets from service now que to assist end users with issues such authentication issues, storage and performance.

Ally Bank, Remote September 2019 – February 2021
Linux/DevOps Engineer

●As a Red Hat Enterprise Linux Engineer primary responsibility included building of new servers which included installation of OS, configuring of various OS-native and third-party tools, securing of OS, installation, configuration & job scheduling using cron and Jenkins
●Performed server administration tasks, including user/group administration, security permissions, group policies, troubleshooting performance issues, and resource monitoring, ensuring system architecture components
●Updated YUM repositories with RPM packages as per client requests
●Designed, configured and managed public cloud infrastructure utilizing Amazon Web Services(AWS)
●Created monitors, alarms and notifications for EC2 hosts using CloudWatch
●Interacted with other system engineers, application developers, database administrators, client teams, vendors, and other IT operating for infrastructure compliance, system certification, troubleshooting issues for system stability
●Set up and configured Jenkins with GIT to automate the build and deployment process for CI/CD pipeline
●Detail the setup and configuration of the CI/CD tools and infrastructure, including the versions used and any special configurations.
●Include instructions for setting up the pipeline on a new project.
●Scheduled Jenkins Jobs to monitor the storage and performance resources on VMs
●Experience with writing and maintaining ansible playbooks for pushing out bi-weekly application updates
●Utilized ansible for configuration management of AWS machines as well as on prem machines
●Experienced with creating GIT repositories for code sub versioning
●Worked with various datacenter clusters in VMware vSphere ESXi and VCenter 6.x to create and manage machines on the VMware stack
●Experienced in DNS Server configuration, created and maintained DNS zone files
●Maintained local DNS mappings on Linux Server
●Designed and implemented automation python/bash scripts and workflows for provisioning and managing on prem and cloud infrastructure.
●Utilized various Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud technologies, including the provisioning of EC2 instances, S3 Buckets, EBS volumes, Glacier archiving, VPC configuration, RDS management, CloudWatch monitoring, CloudFront content delivery, Route 53 DNS, and IAM user access control.
●Orchestrated the deployment of EC2 instances, skillfully configuring them with precision according to application-specific requirements.
●Created and maintained S3 storage, efficiently uploading files to designated S3 buckets using AWS CLI for streamlined data management.
●Experience in creating Docker Containers leveraging existing Linux Containers and AMI’s in addition to creating Docker Containers from scratch and managing container clusters with Kubernetes.

University Of CA – Oakland, CA September 2016 – September 2019
Linux System Engineer

●Administration and Engineering of RedHat Linux which includes installation, testing, tuning, upgrading and loading patches, troubleshooting on premise and virtual cloud machines.
●Created and maintained user accounts, profiles, security, disk space and process monitoring
●Responsible for user support/user management, LVM management, performance tuning, automating tasks, NIC bonding, and troubleshooting.
●Troubleshooted applications running on the Linux and Unix systems
●Managed and deployed OS patches using ansible and Jenkins
●Set up secure password less sign-on with SSH authentication
●Diagnosed and resolved problems associated with DNS, DHCP, VPN, NFS, and Apache.
●Monitored the performance of the batch scheduling system and compute servers
●Improved, automated, and documented processes related to account creation, termination, modification.
●Managed virtual machines on VMWare VCenter and troubleshooted issues related to the console.
●Created backups of virtual machines using templates and snapshots on datastore.
●Provided support for internally developed tools
●Used Nagios as a monitoring tool to identify and resolve infrastructure problems before they affect critical processes.
●Provided 24X7 support for production environment for 300+ Red Hat Linux servers and resolved trouble tickets on shift rotation basis
●Deployed and configured Linux servers to meet project requirements, including hardware selection, OS installation, and initial setup.
●Implemented server hardening measures, including firewall configurations and user privilege management, to enhance system security.

Skills
●Linux/Unix/RedHat/CentOS
●Amazon Web Services (AWS)
●Ansible/Bash scripting/YAML
●Jenkins/CI/CD
●GitLab/Github/Bitbucket
●Cloud Migration
●Agile
●Storage
●Troubleshooting
●Docker/Kubernetes
●VMWare/vSphere/vCenter
●Terraform
●Splunk
●Jira
●Hypervisor
●Active Directory
Python

Education
●Muhammad Nawaz Shareef University of Agriculture
●Bachelor’s degree: BS Information Technology
●Year of passing: 2013
Contact this candidate