Suzanne Desmond
ad59kz@r.postjobfree.com
724-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Strong Operational Leader experienced in functional IT roles, scheduling project timelines, developing teams and communicating innovative changes to the business. EXPERIENCE
Logic Technologies, contractor to GE
Sr DevOps Engineer
February 2024 - present
● Configured and installed infrastructure of hardware and software for high performance computing (HPC) environment.
● Collaborated with multiple teams to get machine-learning-as—a-service system to production in less than 3 months.
L3Harris, Melbourne, FL (remote)
DevSecOps
March 2021 - February 2024
● Secret level clearance
● Subject matter expert for software integrity tools such as Synopsys Coverity, BlackDuck, Klocwork and Fortify for all engineers in the company.
● CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins and BitBucket with issues tracked in Jira.
● Windows and Linux Server Admin. Upgraded COTS applications to new versions.
● Increased management visibility of the manufacturing line by coding dashboards in Jupyter Notebooks.
● Coded Python scripts to automate an upgrade. Resulted in 97% time reduction and eliminated the need for a third party contractor.
● Hosted Lunch and Learn sessions for hundreds of employees regarding the use of and the need for scanning code.
L3 Communications, Pittsburgh, PA
Systems Administrator - ISSO
June 2011 - March 2021
● Full stack developer for internal QA process that achieved 50% time reduction and real-time decisions.
● Automated a workflow for drawings that resulted in $30k cost savings.
● Infrastructure and storage administrator, utilizing VMWare, that provisioned new servers, upgraded the resources when needed, changed physical storage to accommodate the workload and segregated VLANs based on functions.
● Program manager and Technical Lead of site decommission for 155,000 square foot building, running a clustered VMWare environment with 20TB storage. User downtime was one weekend.
● 75% cost savings by changing physical RSA tokens to software and creating documentation to assist the users.
● Managed and trained staff of interns as well as full time direct staff members. AGR International, Butler, PA Systems Analyst
December 2008 - July 2011
● Implemented security requirements specified by PCI standards.
● Configured a ticketing system to increase productivity.
● Installed wireless access points throughout the building and secured the connection with an existing RADIUS appliance.
● Created rules in Watchguard firewall to secure access. BrashearLP, Pittsburgh, PA
Help Desktop Support
June 2002 - December 2008
● Updated all computer systems to the current Windows Operating System.
● Created processes for system backups, PC refresh rotations and printer lifecycle.
● Point of contact for 200 users and 300 computers.
● EDUCATION
Skillsoft
August 2022 - current
Classes include Terraform, AWS, Azure, CompTIA Security+, NodeJS John Maxwell Leadership Forum
November 2019 - current
Monthly talks on leadership to develop highly functional teams Robert Morris University, Pittsburgh PA
Bachelor of Science-Information Systems
Graduated May 2003. GPA 3.6
Courses included coding, management, marketing and public speaking.
Contact this candidate