Sahiba Grover
Cell: +1-732-***-****
Email: ad5ax6@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/sahibagroverr
Sr. AWS/DevOps Engineer

Summary

IT Professional with over 10 Years of experience working in the gamut of Linux and Cloud Service.
Expertise in Infrastructure Provisioning Automation using Chef/Jenkins/AWS/ Terraform.
Hands on Experience in using configuration management tools like Puppet/ Chef/AWS /Ansible.
Expertise in designing, configuring and implementing SCM standards and procedures using StarTeam, Subversion, CVS and IBM Rational ClearCase.
Experience in installation, configuration, upgrading, patching and support Linux servers on Redhat, Solaris, AIX and HP-UX Environment.
Used ANT scripts, Make and Maven for Build process.
Experienced in Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, Lean and most recently Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) practices.
In-depth knowledge of computer applications and scripting like Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl, and XML.
Extensive experience and highly proficient in writing scripts in ant for build management.
Experience in implementing the continuous integration using Jenkins
Experience developing serverless applications using AWS lambda
Experience in the solution architecture discipline, processes, concepts and best practices
Exposure to a process improvement discipline like Six Sigma used within a technology supported business process implementation
Project-based process design, information modelling and/or system architecture in at least one of the following: Application Architecture, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Information Architecture, Data Management, Security, or Infrastructure technologies
Implemented microservices, application development, and migration using AWS/Azure services such as Azure DevOps, Kubernetes services (AKS), Container registry, cosmos DB, and Grafana, AWS Kubernetes EKS and Kubernetes API to run workloads on EKS clusters
Experience to select appropriate AWS/Azure/GCP services to design and deploy an application based on given requirements
Experienced in load balancing with F5 LTM and GTM products and implementation of iRules and High availability of F5.
Strong knowledge on Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion Prevention System (IPS), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), DDoS attacks and Kill Chain mitigation techniques.
Experience to evaluate cloud application requirements and make architectural recommendations for implementation, deployment, and provisioning applications on AWS/Azure.
Experience with AWS CLI, AWS APIs, AWS CloudFormation templates, the AWS Billing Console and the AWS Management Console
Experience with Azure CLI, Azure REST APIs, Azure Resource Manager template, Azure billing/cost management and the Azure Management Console
•Worked with Azure Monitoring tools such as Azure Log Analytics, Azure Network Watcher, and Azure Service Health to diagnose and minimize service degradation.

Education
•Bachelors in Computer Science (CSE), Stayer University- Arlington, VA (2019)
•M.S. in Management, IGNOU (2015)
•B.A. from Delhi University, New Delhi (2011)

Technical Skills

Version Control System
GIT, GitHub, AWS, Azure
Build/CI Tools
ANT, Maven Hudson, Jenkins, Bamboo, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, GitLab, Docker, Visual Studio, Kubernetes, Helm, JSON CloudFormation & Terraform, SonarQube, Liquibase
Artifactory Tools
Jfrog, Nexus
Programming Languages
PYTHON, RUBY, JavaScript, Django,
Scripting Languages
Unix Shell scripting, Ruby, Perl scripting
Operating Systems
Windows, UNIX, Mac OS, Linux (Centos, Suzi, Ubuntu, RHEL)
Database
Oracle 11g/12c, SQL Server, MySQL
Web/Application Servers
Web logic, WebSphere, Apache Tomcat
Bug Tracking Tools/ APM Tools
JIRA, Rally, Fisheye, Crucible, Remedy and IBM Clear Quest. /
Datadog, Splunk, Prometheus, Grafana

Work Experience

Accenture, (Travelers), Hunt valley, Maryland. December 2022- present
Title: Lead DevSecOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Experience building and maintaining cloud-native applications
Building and setting up new development tools and infrastructure
Understanding the needs of stakeholders and conveying this to developers
Working on ways to automate and improve development and release processes
Defining and documenting best practices and strategies related to application deployment and infrastructure maintenance
Ability to write Infrastructure as a code and reusable modules
Experience designing and building web environments on AWS Native
Ability to build AWS Infrastructure using tools like terraform, cloud formation
Python and scripting language Knowledge
Infrastructure such as Cisco Meraki, Aruba, ClearPass Access points, WLANs, RF tuning and BYOD management.
Manage a continuous integration/delivery (CI-CD) and deployment methodology for cloud apps
Manage/implement security patterns for cloud security solutions
Experience using monitoring solutions for cloud-native
Created quality gates in SonarQube dashboard and enforced in pipeline to fail build when conditions are met.
Created nightly build integration to code quality tools such as SonarQube.
Worked on integrating GIT into the continuous
Integration (CI) environment along with Jenkins.
Work on Jenkins adding the necessary plugins and adding more slaves to support scalability and agility.
Enforced Test Driven development for the DEV teams for every sprint.
Enables parallel development
Worked with Azure Monitoring tools such as Azure Log Analytics, Azure Network Watcher, and Azure Service Health to diagnose and minimize service degradation.
Experience in using the monitoring tools like Azure monitoring, Dynatrace to setup the desired alerts to avoid disruption.
Environment: AWS, RHEL server, Python, java, Linux, Kubernetes, Shell scripting, Grafana, Datadog, Ansible, Jenkins, Gitlab, Bitbucket, Rally, Azure, sqlDB, Elasticsearch, MySQL, Hadoop, Groovy, Terraform, CFT, ARM, Azure, UI etc.
Charter Communication, Denver, Colorado. Mar 2022- November 2022
Title: DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Provide support for investigation & resolution of complex and major/critical Incidents
Perform Problem Management duties, including troubleshooting, root cause analysis, known error establishment, and resolution determination
Conduct advanced troubleshooting of environment/database/application issues and batch job failures, escalating to and liaising with the Development team
Review and identify gaps with support documentation and update accordingly
Review Health Checks & Monitoring, ensuring they are fit for purpose, automate to the extent possible
Identify issues that are due to application or data issues, highlight and escalate accordingly
Implementing Continuous Integration, Delivery
Following Infrastructure as Code principles
Automating builds and deployments using TeamCity, udeploy and others
Sharing your knowledge with other team members to cross pollinate skills
Participating in DevOps stand ups
Implement automation, effective monitoring, and infrastructure-as-code
Deploy and maintain CI/CD pipelines across multiple environments
Support and work alongside a cross-functional engineering team on the latest technologies
Evangelizing of the latest DevOps practices
Create a virtual network on windows azure to connect all the servers.
Used AWS Fargate & Focused on building applications without managing servers to move the Apps to Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).
Sustain and improve the process of knowledge sharing throughout the engineering team
Have on call responsibilities in rotation
Provide continuous service improvement
Used AWS Platform capabilities Via CLI. Implemented applications and systems with the help of Azure/AWS. Support and maintain Java UI’s
Handle escalated support tickets til closure for MS Azure PaaS platform.
Configured AD connect to configure federation with on-premises ADFS and Azure AD.
Help maintain and fix Application infrastructure breaks (unsupported version fix, image scan issue etc.)
Experience with implementing Cloud Governance systems to monitor usage and recommend best cost-effective practices
Help the team in maintaining the 360 Grafana Dashboard
Establishing infrastructure and service monitoring using Prometheus and grana
Installed CrowdStrike for security
Build and Deploy infrastructure using Terraform, CFT, ARM, Azure DevOps.
Use various tools to orchestrate solutions
Build independent web-based tools to automate
Experience auto-scaling or run containers in a serverless environment, by using AWS fargate
Write scripts and automation using Perl/Python/Groovy/Java/Bash
Configure and manage data sources like MySQL, Mongo, Elasticsearch, Redis, Cassandra, Hadoop etc
Experience on Azure PaaS, SaaS and IaaS offerings. Experience Knowledge on Azure Security
Environment: Aws, RHEL Ami, Perl, Python, java, Linux, Kubernetes, Shell scripting, Splunk, Datadog, Ansible, Jenkins, Gitlab, Bitbucket, Jira, Azure, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis, Cassandra, MySQL, Hadoop, Groovy, Terraform, CFT, ARM, Azure, UI etc.

IBM, Bethesda, MD Mar 2020 – Feb 2022
Title: DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Implemented Continuous Integration and Continuous delivery pipeline for various products
Integrated Sonar Qube code analysis and code coverage to the CI systems
Worked on GIT repo management tool GITHUB for managing GIT repo, access control, integrating with Jira and Jenkins
Managed Git hooks for enforcing development policies.
Modified Kernel parameters to improve the server performance in both Solaris and Linux.
Setting up backup and recovery for GIT Repo.
Managing various plugin versions in Jenkins and adding new slave nodes to Jenkins master
Managing Jenkins backup and recovery and Access Control
Setting UP CI and CD Jenkins pipeline for various product groups and fixing any Jenkins build and deployment issues.
Worked on implementing AWS using Fargate, EC2, S3, RDS, ECS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto Scaling groups
Provided automation, scalability, and reliability testing for services and infrastructure components in AWS Fargate.
Responsible for configuring and connection to SSH through SSH clients like Putty
Installation of the packages using RPM and YUM in Red hat Linux.
Wrote wrapper script in Perl/Python/Shell script to automate manual tasks.
Automated build process and deployment using ANT script for all the projects
Wrote ANT targets for sonar code coverage and reporting and deploying artifacts to dev and pre-prod environment.
Written chef cookbooks/recipes for installing the packages and deploying artifacts on the servers.
Develop, Maintain, update various scripts (Shell, Python, Bash) for services (start, stop, restart, recycle, Cron jobs) UNIX based shell.
Good working experience with Change Management for scheduling changes on Production and UA server using BMC Remedy Ticketing System
Used Grafana cloud to start developing dashboards and querying metrics data & Grafana Enterprise to enterprise plugins, which allow you to use your existing data sources in Grafana.
Used CHEF for various deployments to multiple servers on various environments and managed servers.
Implemented several Continuous Delivery Pipelines for different products using Chef, Jenkins & Maven.
Responsible for implementing containerized based application on Azure Kubernetes services (AKS)
Provide operational support for applications, systems, or infrastructure. Conceptualizes, architects, designs, implements and supports integrated solutions in support of business demand
Environment: Redhat Enterprise Linux, Chef, Kubernetes, Java, Ant, Maven, Jenkins, Python Scripts, JavaScript’s, Ruby, Shell Scripts, Artifactory, GIT, AKS, AWS.
Monitoring Tools: Splunk & Datadog

Capital One, McLean, VA Jan 2019 - Nov 2019
Title: DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Experienced in Automating, Configuring and deploying instances on AWS cloud environments and Data Centres.
Designed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database.
Created AWS cloud formation templates to create custom-sized VPC, subnets, EC2 instances, ELB, security groups. Managed other AWS Services like S3, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, Glue, RDS, Kinesis, Redshift Cluster, IAM Roles, Route53, SNS, SQS, Cloud Trail.
Defined AWS Security Groups, which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic, allowed reaching one or more AWS EC2 instances.
Involved in AWS Cloud Front, including creating and managing distributions to provide access to S3 bucket hosted application and hence providing security to applications (by restricting access to S3).
Used AWS Beanstalk for deploying and scaling single tier web applications and services developed with Java, PHP, Node.js, Python, Ruby and Docker on familiar servers like Apache.
Implement Grafana dashboards to data gathered from a variety of sources but they can also be shared with other team members, allowing you to study the data together.
Implemented a production ready, load balanced, highly available, fault tolerant, auto scaling Kubernetes AWS infrastructure and micro service container orchestration.
Provisioned the highly available EC2 instances using Terraform and Cloud Formation and wrote new plugins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Written Cloud Formation Templates (CFT) in JSON and YAML format to build the AWS services with the paradigm of Infrastructure as a Code.
Created virtual images like production environment using Docker by writing Docker -compose files.
Implemented cluster services using docker and Azure Kubernetes services (AKS) to manage local deployments in Kubernetes by building a self-hosted Kubernetes cluster using Jenkins CI/CD pipeline.
Managed Jenkins plugins for Tests, Reports, Notification, and User Authorization & Deployment. Created different branching and merging strategies in GIT.
Developed Ansible Playbooks to simplify and automate day-to- day server administration tasks.
Used file modules in Ansible playbooks to copy / remove / modify the files on agentless remote servers from Ansible control server.
Creating inventory, job templates and scheduling jobs using Ansible Tower. Downloaded and managed Ansible roles from Ansible Galaxy to automate the infrastructure.
Integrated Chef Cookbooks into Jenkins jobs for CD framework and created roles, environments using Chef Handlers for different auto kickoff requirement jobs.
Using Chef deployed and configured ElasticSearch, Log Stash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda and CloudWatch.
Implemented Chef Recipes for deploying build on internal Data Centre Servers. Also re-used and modified the same Chef Recipes to create a deployment directly into Amazon EC2 instances.
Expertise in Installing, configuring and administering Jenkins Continuous Integration tool on Linux machines along with adding/updating plugins such as GIT, Maven, EC2, Sonar, Check style, Deploy to Container, Build Pipeline etc.
Implemented and maintained CI environments using Jenkins to perform Builds, Deployments production rollouts.
Evaluated Kubernetes for Docker container orchestration and Integrated Docker container orchestration framework using Kubernetes by creating pods, configMaps, and deployments.
Setup Docker to automate container deployment through Jenkins and Dealt with Docker Hub, making Docker images and taking care of various Image essentially for middleware establishments and space setups.
Created Shell and Python Scripts to automate creation of AMI’s through Preboot and bootstrapping techniques.
Developed automated processes that run daily to check disk usage and perform cleanup of file systems on LINUX environments using shell scripting.
Creating required scripts in Python, Ruby, Perl and checking out the code from GIT and use Maven pom.xml to build Jar, war, tar and ear artifacts.
Designed test cases and test plans and developed an embedded software data driven test automation framework in Linux/Python.
Monitoring with Splunk, configured Splunk for log monitoring, log rotation and predictive monitoring. Migrated Splunk config file to multiple remote servers.
Worked with JIRA for creating Projects, assigning permissions to users and groups for the projects & Created Mail handlers and notification Schemes for JIRA.
Implemented Microservice Architecture, with Spring Boot-based services interacting through a combination of REST, SOAP and Apache Kafka
Migrated SQL Server database 2008 Windows Azure SQL database and updating the connection strings based on this.
Maintained and developed Docker images for a tech stack including Cassandra, Kafka, Apache, and several in house written Java services running in Open Stack on Kubernetes.
Assisted the developers in creating uDeploy snapshots, adding version to the snapshot during production installs.
Worked on Grub, PXE boot, Kick-start, Packages, Yum, RPMs, LVM, Boot from SAN, file system configuration.
Environment: Amazon Web Services (AWS), OpenStack, Vagrant, Bamboo, Kubernetes, Ansible, Chef, Jenkins, Nginx, Splunk, Maven, AKS, VMWare, ServiceNow, uDeploy, GIT, ELK, Linux/RHEL, Windows, Python, Ruby, Perl.
Monitoring Tools: Grafana & Datadog

CBRE South Asia Pvt Ltd, Gurgaon, India Dec 2013 – Jun 2015
Title: DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Co-ordinate applications parallel releases (Scheduled/Emergency/Weekly) for deploying their code into production servers and training servers consisting of vendor applications
Puppet manifests creation, testing and implementation.
Installed and administered Atlassian tools like Bamboo, Jira, Confluence and Stash.
Installed Docker Registry for local upload and download of Docker images and even from Docker hub.
Worked on Docker-Compose and Docker-Machine.
Worked on documentation - Chef basics, Initial setup of Chef, Data bags implementation, Coding standards, Cookbook document, Testing docs
Installing application and load balance packages on different server using chef
Automating The Build process using Cruise Control, Subversion, and ANT
Manage configuration of Web App and Deploy to AWS cloud server through Chef.
Imported and managed multiple corporate applications into Subversion (SVN)
Implement and manage continuous delivery systems and methodologies on AWS, Used Subversion as source code repositories
Implemented multi-tier application provisioning in AWS cloud, integrating it with Chef/Puppet.
Define and deploy monitoring, metrics, and logging systems on AWS
Provided end-user training for all Subversion (SVN) users to effectively use the tool
Created and maintained the Shell/Perl deployment scripts for Web Logic web application servers
Configured Grafana to view the dashboard without logging in.
Tracked all the changes in Remedy tracking tool and provided metrics reporting for the project release activities
Work closely with developers to pinpoint and provide early warnings of common build failure
Installed and configured GIT
Implemented Pre and Post hooks in GIT.
Environment: Maven, SVN, Chef, Puppet, Linux, AWS, Ansible, Shell/Perl Scripts, Python, SCM, GIT, Jenkins, GIT, Ant, Cruise Control, Perl, WebSphere, WebLogic, TFS
Monitoring Tools: Grafana & Prometheus
CSS CORP, India Aug 2010– Oct 2013
Title: DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities
Organize weekly release meetings with multiple development teams to identify the releases ahead and bring awareness on milestones as per master release calendar.
Primary responsibilities include Build and Deployment of the java applications onto different environments.
Provided level one support for build troubleshooting and the production issues.
Responsible in Build and Deployment of Java/Web applications and involved in pushing Java and .Net based builds for Dev, QA and Stage (Pre PROD) environments using Subversion/ANT and Hudson.
Used Ant and Maven to perform daily and weekly Software Builds.
Integrated SVN with Jenkins to build the job using ANT/MAVEN for Continuous Integration.
Performed merges for each build from Development Branch to Integration Branch.
Created the Release Management plan with the implementation schedule.
Conducted Sanity Testing to verify for the right build is deployed.
Managing the ESXi servers using the Vsphere and Vcenter for managing the multiple ESXi servers.
Implementing appropriate permissions for files and folders and Managing Users and Groups.
Troubleshooting of day-to-day system and user problems various Servers on different platforms.
Servers support included NFS, NTP and FTP users setup/troubleshooting.
File System Management – ext2, ext3 and ext4 file systems utility including LVM and RAID.
Monitoring and install or updates patch software’s, firmware, and security patches for all applications in installed infrastructure.
Applied the clustering topology that meets high availability and failover requirement for performance and functionality.
Installation, configuration and administration of DNS, LDAP, NFS, NIS on Redhat servers.
Configured and managed ESX VM’s with virtual center and VI client.
Administrated DHCP, DNS and Samba services in Redhat Linux servers.
Troubleshooting security technologies and protocols like SSH, SSL VPN, L2TP and HTTPS.
Responsible in building and startup shell scripts and managing the automation of CRON jobs.
Environment: RHEL, ESX, MAVEN, SVN, HUDSON, ANT, TOMCAT, RAID, LVM, NFS, NTP, DHCP and DNS.
Contact this candidate