NOAM WILCZYNSKI
Automation & Devops Engineer
Rockville, MD 20852 ad5ekc@r.postjobfree.com (240) 810- 5739 https://www.linkedin.com/in/noam-wilczynski-bbaa30a9/ Innovative, quality-focused Automation and DevOps Engineer with over 8+ years of experience in developing robust automated solutions to manage and deploy applications on the AWS platform. Proven track record of reducing the deployment process by 75%, increasing system reliability by 40%, and team productivity by 25%. Strong technical leadership, strategic planning, and an ability to work collaboratively to provide innovative solutions that drive the business. Extensive knowledge and experience in AWS services *SP#(EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, and others), CI/CD pipeline, Infrastructure as Code *SP#(Terraform, CloudFormation), configuration management tools, Docker, Kubernetes, scripting language(SP) *SP#(Python, Bash), and many others Work Authorization : Unrestricted US work permit
Core Expertise:
Shell Scripting IT Solution Development Continuous Improvement Continuous Integration Project Planning Performance Management Automation Task Prioritization Troubleshooting
Preventive Maintenance Teamwork and Collaboration Engineering Professional Experience
Iron Source, Tel Aviv, Israel
DevOps Engineer April 2022 – January 2024
Liaised with the development team to create CI/CD pipelines to deploy application updates quickly and dependably regularly.
Automated deployment using Jenkins, Terraform, Kubernetes, Docker, Appium, and other tools, improving the overall release cycle.
Developed Infrastructure as Code scripts to define and maintain our AWS infrastructure resources using Helm.
Migrated physical servers to AWS, which resulted in 50% cost reduction and an overall smooth transition. Automation Tech Lead Jan 2021 – April 2022
Transitioned existing automation frameworks to a better, more efficient, and functional solution, such as Cypress, ensuring compatibility and dependability.
Developed stress testing, then tested on BlazeMeter to determine how the system’s performance differed under different conditions of pressure.
Created brand new, stable frameworks from scratch using all of the developers’ testable criteria and requirements.
Migrated tests from selenium java to cypress Javascript, moving nightly cycle to 95% success rate. Imperva Incapsula, Tel Aviv, Israel
Automation Engineer April 2017 – December 2020
Collaborated with a team of automation engineers in technical lead capacities to create and manage automation infrastructure through Java and Selenium, leading to better productivity.
Assisted automation developers on how to utilize the automation framework and tools correctly, as well as supported them in creating pipeline jobs in Jenkins for CI/CD.
Developed Play framework dashboard for reports, offering Developed Play framework dashboard for reports results of tests and performance indicators available to stakeholders.
Utilized JMeter, a traffic tool, in Java to conduct testing and evaluate system performance in different environmental conditions. Top-Q, Tel Aviv, Israel
Automation Engineer Nov 2014 – April 2017
Devised Python-based automation frameworks with pytest and developed test suites that optimized the functionality of softwares, establishing a complex, bursty automation in systems.
Focused on the production of optimization over automation with Wireshark to get precious data and novel unseen insights on automation, which granted outstanding numbers of improvements and remarkably boosted and impressed analysis of processes.
Evaluated the frameworks of automation and complex, multifaceted processes incredibly, together with strategic optimization in mind, to ensure success in reaching extreme modernity and alignment with the industry of the future, redeeming the gaps between the needs of the company and the process and industry pace.
Involved in the multi-level: in-depth code reviews, testings, and innovative sprint planning contributing to the SDL life-cycle process, and helped attain excellent, diligent quality checks.
Education, Certification, and Professional Development
DevOps Developer- Associate Devops Experts, Ramat Gan, Israel
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science College of Management Academic Rishon, Letzion, Israel Technical Skills
AWS services (EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, etc.)
Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools (Terraform, CloudFormation, etc.) Configuration management tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet, etc.) Containerization and orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) Scripting languages (Python, Bash, etc.)
Version control systems (Git, SVN, etc.)
Monitoring and logging tools (CloudWatch, ELK Stack, etc.) Project management and collaboration tools (Jira, Confluence, etc.) Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, etc.)
Automation Tools (Appium,Selenium,Playwright,Cypress,Jmeter)
Contact this candidate