Sampath Kumar 609-***-****
DevOps/CloudOps Engineer Email–ad5ftm@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary:

Fast-paced DevOps engineer with 10 yearsof extensive experience in IT industry comprising of Designing, Development, Integration of DevOps tool Stack, Cloud Automation,Provisioning, Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment, Configuration Management, cloud Migration, Build/release on each packaging Quality Control and which also includes Trouble shooting and performance issues.

Implemented microservices, application development, and migration using Azure/AWS services such as Azure DevOps, Kubernetes Service (AKS), Container Registry, Cosmos DB, and Grafana, Azure pipelines, Monitor, RBAC, AWS Kubernetes EKS and Kubernetes API to run workloads on EKS Clusters.
Converted existing AWS infrastructure to Serverless architecture with AWS Lambda, Kinesis and deployed with Terraform and AWS CloudFormation
Experience in planning, deploying, and supporting AZURE/ GCP/AWS infrastructure.
Extremely proficient in Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Open Shift for troubleshooting issues with platform components (PCF), developing global deployment models and patterns for large scale deployments in Cloud Foundry.
Configuring the Pivotal Cloud foundry tiles like Elastic runtime, Pcfmetrics, MySQL, RabbitMQ
Configured Azure Multi-Factor Authentication as a part of Azure AD Premium to securely authenticate users.
Had experience on Azure Availability and Scalability, also configured VMs availability sets using the Azure portal to provide resiliency for Iaas based solution and scale sets using Azure resource manager to manager network traffic.
Deployed Azure IaaS virtual machines (VMs) and Cloud services (PaaS role instances) into secure V Nets and subnets.
Continuous integration and automated deployment and management using Jenkins, TeamCity, Terraform, Puppet, Chef, SaltStack,Ansible, Maven, Ant, Docker, or comparable tools.
Experience in using Nexus and Artifactory Repository Managers for Maven builds.
Having good Knowledge on using Bug tracking tools like JIRA, Rally, and Remedy.
Knowledge of using Tomcat, JBOSS, WebLogic and WebSphere Application servers for deployments.
Expertise in writing ChefCookbooks, Recipes, Attributes, Templates, Roles,and Environments.
Worked extensively on automation engine Ansible that automates cloud provisioning, configuration management, application deployment, intra-service orchestration, and many other IT needs.
Experienced in Issue tracking tool JIRA and hands on experience customizing JIRA projects with various schemas, screen schemes, permission schemes, complex workflows, and notification schemes.
Configured dashboards in Elastic, Logstash& Kibana (ELK). Used ELK to setup real time logging and analytics for Continuous delivery pipelines & applications.
Worked on Querying RDBMSs like Oracle, MySQL, and SQL Server.
Experienced in using Routed Protocols like FTP, SFTP, SSH, HTTP, HTTPS and Direct connect.
Extensively worked on monitoring servers using Prometheus, Splunk, Nagios, Cloud watch.
Expertise in system administration with windows, Linux, Ubuntu, Red hat, Centos, and Solaris servers.
Linux/Unix system administrator on Red hat EL 4.x, 5.x, 6.x, Debian, CentOS 4.x,5.x,OracleEnterpriseLinux, FreeBSD, Solaris 8,9,10 and VMware V-sphere ESX/ESXi environment.
Ability to write scripts in Bash/Shell, and Python scripting languages.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Linux Distributions: RedHat, Ubuntu, CentOS 6.x,7.x
Operating Systems: Windows 2003/2008, UNIX, Linux, Ubuntu, RHEL, Debian
Continuous Integration Tools: Build Master, TeamCity, Bamboo, Jenkins, Octopus
Automation Tools: Ansible, Chef, Vagrant, Terraform
Containerization Tools: Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, Open Shift
Version Control Tools: Subversion(SVN), GitHub, Azure DevOps, GitLab, Bitbucket
Build Tools: Gradle, Ant, Maven
Databases: Oracle 11g/12c, MS SQL Servers, MySQL, Mongo DB, Dynamo DB
Bug/ Ticket Tracking Tools: JIRA, Rally, Remedy, ServiceNow.
Cloud Platform: MS Azure, AWS, Google cloud (GCP), Open Stack
Testing Tools: Selenium, Junit, Cucumber
Repository Management tools: Artifactory, Nexus, Docker Hub
Monitoring Tools: Splunk, AppDynamics, Prometheus, Nagios, ELK Stack, and NewRelic.
Application Server:JBoss EAP 6.x/7.x, JBoss Fuse 6.x, JBoss AMQ 6.x, 7, Apache HTTPD, Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere, Web Logic
Coding Languages:Java, Python, PL/SQL.
Scripting Languages:Shell scripting, Bash, Java Script, JSON
Web Technologies:HTML, CSS, HTTP, Bootstrap, Xml and PHP
Other tools:TFS, Confluence, RabbitMQ, PagerDuty, Slack

Work Experience:

Cloud DevOps Engineer:
Pepsico.Inc (June2022- TillDate)

Performing closely with Data Engineering Architecture, Ingestion & Consumption Teradata Data Engineer, DevOps, Azure Data Engineer, and Infrastructure.
Designed and implemented end-to-end CI/CD pipelines for Azure Data Factory using Azure DevOps, enabling automated deployment of data pipelines, datasets, and data flows across development, testing, and production environments.
Assisting DevOps core teams to integrate CI/CD with standard Azure tooling.
Working on proof of concept (POC) projects using GitHub Actions to automate software development workflows, streamline testing processes, and enhance overall project efficiency.
Taking a lead in Designing and implementing the end-to-end CICD on both non-container and container platforms.
Driving development & adoption of Self-Service capabilities & Automation.
Supporting customers and other stakeholders to develop correlation visualization, reports, and dashboards.
Experience in building, deploying, troubleshooting data extraction for huge number of records using ADF.
On-boarding new ETL tools/applications/processes to the Azure platform.
Developing ADO tasks, variable groups, and pipelines that can be used across similar solution types.
Creating Power Shell scripts to automate daily routine tasks.
Deployed and maintained a distributed monitoring system for all the nodes in the blockchain, using web sockets, NodeJS and required successful routing between networks in multiple providers and instance.
Monitoring ADO pipelines for failures and diagnosing/resolving problems.
Assisting with operational zing experimental Databricks and Synapse code and Migrated Teradata to Azure.
Creating & maintaining documentation, on-boarding procedures & conduct training sessions on DevOps process.
Collaborated with internal teams to ensure data relationships are correctly identified and the appropriate owners are identified.
Experience in deploying of Azure App Services and Web Jobs, azure logs, azure Functions, APIM, Application Gateway, or AD user managements, Azure monitoring, including applications, application insights, including Kusto query, and Azurekudu deployments and Logs monitoring.
Used Azure Kubernetes Service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager Templates and Terraform.
Written scripts in terraform when required and Parser files of complexity when required.
Creating Technical documentation such as architecture diagrams, technical designs, and SOPs.
Will be assisting on Azure Project and Resource Administration with Paas and/or IaaS.

SRE/Cloud Engineer:
Walgreens, Illinois (January2022- June2022)

Worked with Development and different applications teams to improve Performance and configuration.
Designed and Implemented infrastructure as code (Iac) approach for pipeline and application infrastructure.
Implemented and maintained Azure DevOps pipelines to deploy and configure various Azure Services.
Created Azure AD roles assignments to simplify integrations of Azure services.
Created Build automation CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps for cloud native service deployment and integrated testing, Security and Approval mechanisms into Pipelines as needed.
Worked closely with Application Teams to Understand the requirements and Created ARM Templates to build infrastructure and used Ansible to provision Azure servers.
Created Ansible Playbooks to setup CI/CD pipeline and deployed micro services into Azure Environments.
Created CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps to move Teradata in Azure Databricks and automate the deployment process.
Created Reports, Alerts and Dashboards by Splunk query language. Experienced in creating and running Cron Jobs for schedule tasks and maintain the Splunk environment.
Experienced in customizing Splunk dashboards, visualizations, configurations, reports, and search capabilities using Splunk queries.
Used AppDynamics to aid with multiple application teams to trouble shoot production issues.
Analyzed and Addressed failure patterns and incidents in a setting.
Setup Alerting and monitoring using stackdriver in GCP.
Migrated microservices to Google Cloud Platform
Implemented performance tests to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for Optimization on capacity demands.
Optimized Azure storage account and Unused Azure resource for cost savings purpose.
In-depth knowledge of the technical Implementation of Change Management, Incident Management, and Service CatLog.

Project Summary: Cost Optimization project is mainly focused to Analyze and cut down the unused resource and based on the capacity and reduce the cost. As a part of the implementation our team has saved 5.4 million for this quarter.

DevOps/CloudOps Engineer: (November 2019- December 2021)
JLL Westmont, Illinois

Deployed Azure IaaS (VM's) and PaaS role instances (Cloud services) into secure VNets with Azure Internal Load Balancers, subnets.
Worked closely with multiple Application teams to understand the requirements to Automate and to migrate On-Prem Applications to Azure Cloud.
Designing and Setting-Up the Splunk Architecture in the organization and creating Applications on Splunk to analyze the Big Data. Design and write code to develop and maintain systems which power Splunk multi-tenant services hosted in the public cloud.
Provide performance management support and technical guidance with AppDynamics (Application Performance Management) for Application teams.Createdcustom dashboards for application team in AppDynamics.
Responsible for implementing containerized based applications on Azure Kubernetes by using Azure Kubernetes service (AKS), Kubernetes Cluster, which are responsible for cluster management, Virtual Network to deploy agent nodes, Ingress API Gateway, MySQL Databases and Cosmo DB for stateless storage of external data, and setup reverse proxy Nginx in the cluster.
Created a resource group, storage account, and Azure Files in cloud Shell using PowerShell. Created Power Shell scripts to automate the Azure Cloud system creation including end-to-end infrastructure, VMs, storage, firewall rules.
Develop comprehensive disaster recovery plans and procedures to ensure the reliability and availability of critical systems and services.
Utilize automation tools and scripts to streamline disaster recovery processes, reducing manual intervention and minimizing recovery time objectives (RTO) and recovery point objectives (RPO).
Created Azure Automation Assets, Graphical Run books, PowerShell run books that will automate specific tasks, deployed Azure AD Connect, configuring ADFS authentication flow, ADFS installation using Azure AD Connect.
Created Build and release pipelines in AzureDevOps (ADO) and done deployments using Octopus for implementing CI/CD.
Used AzureKubernetes Service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template driven deployment options such as Resource Manager Templates and Terraform.
Migration of on – premisedata (Oracle/ SQL Server/ DB2/ MongoDB) to Azure Data Lake Store (ADLS) using Azure Data Factory (ADF V1/V2).
Created a shell script for Automation of App Agent Installations and Machine Agent Installations.
Implemented infrastructure tools like ServiceNow Orchestration and Octopus into application environments.
Interacting with Vendors (Splunk and AppDynamics) on monthly basis regarding environment and technical discussions.
Participated in Technical Architecture Documents, Project Design, and Implementation Discussions.

Sr.DevOps Engineer: (January 2019 – October 2019)
Chamberlain Group Inc, Illinois

Responsibilities:

Involved in the migration of client's on-premises infrastructure to Microsoft Cloud (Azure).
Worked with multiple technical teams in Azure Cloud and Azure AD (AD) Syncing with on prem, configured Conditional Access, worked with architects, security officers, managers, and business users.
Created Azure Cloud run books for the backup and recovery of Microsoft Dynamics including all the necessary Power-Shell scripts and configuration items such as certificates and password vault.
Worked with multiple teams to lead the daily service Operations activities and Deployment activity Using Octopus.
Worked on RabbitMQ,Prometheus, Alert Manager &Grafana. Using Prometheus recorded real-time metrics in a time series database built using a HTTP pull model, with flexible queries and real-time alerting.
Experience in the application builds and deployments to Dev, QA, Pre-prod and Prod environments.
Automating all applications using Ansible, writing custom Ansible playbooks to deploy automated tasks to many servers at once.
Automated the deployments to DEV and QA Environments by picking up builds from Jenkins using Ansible.
Worked in highly collaborative operations team to streamline the process of implementing security at Azure cloud environment and introduced best practices for remediation.
Developed automation system using PowerShell scripts and JSON templates to remediate the Azure services.
Created builds and release pipelines in VSTS and done deployments using SPN (secure endpoint connection) for implementing CI/CD.
Support and maintain ongoing migration to Azure cloud databases Postgres, Sybase ASE and SQL Server
Hands on Experience to create different ARM Templates under platform of Azure.
Experience of using Azure backups and Recovery Vault to migrate on premise to Windows Azure in DR on cloud.

Kubernetes is being used to orchestrate the deployment, scaling, and management of Docker Containers.
Implementing ARM templates and PowerShell scripts for deploying infrastructure in Azure.
Working on the Azure Traffic Manager services in Azure to route traffic to the healthy region.
Worked on Configuring Pager duty to environment which create automatic escalations,On-call Scheduling and to fix infrastructure Problems quickly.
Work closely with stakeholders across engineering, operations, and business units to understand requirements, prioritize recovery efforts, and align disaster recovery strategies with organizational goals and objectives.
Worked as Primary On-call on rotation for every 2 weeks.
Worked on JIRA for tracking and updating project defects and tasks by ensuring successful completion of tasks in a Sprint.

Sr.DevOps/cloud Engineer: (Sep 2017 – Dec 2018)
Baxter Credit Union, Chicago, Illinois

Responsibilities:

Involved in designing and deploying a large application utilizing almost all the AWS stack (Including EC2, Route53, S3, RDS, Beanstalk, SNS, SQS, IAM, ELB, VPC, Cloud Trail, Cloud Watch, Lambda, Cloud Formation) focusing on high availability, fault tolerance, and auto-scaling in AWS Cloud Formation.
Monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers such as EC2 and storage such as S3 buckets using AWS Cloud Watch.
Configured a virtual data center in the Amazon Web services cloud to support Enterprise data warehouse hosting including Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Table, Elastic Load Balancer.
Worked within the full AWS stack (Kinesis Firehose, Lambda server-less, Cognito IAM, Blue-Green deployment).
Involved in migration activities of Java scripts and Database scripts from Oracle, MS SQL Server and MYSQL into different environments like Development, QA, UAT and Production on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) Infrastructure
Involved in Implementing Searches with Job Scheduling and Created HTML dashboards with third party java scripts and CSS to create beautiful visualizations in Splunk.
Setting up the build and Deployment Automation forjava-based projects by using Jenkins and Maven tools.
Provisioned the highly available EC2 Instances using Terraform and wrote new plugins to support new functionality inTerraform.
Written scripts in terraform when required and Parser files of complexity when required.
Managing the Open shift cluster that includes scaling up and down the AWS app nodes.
Worked with CloudFront, Glacier, Route53, SNS, RDS, AWS Config, LAMBDA, and Cloud Formation.
Experience with Docker containers,Kubernetes, and related technologies.
Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Expertise in defining the dependencies,Plugins, configuration files in Maven pom.xml, integrating Maven with GIT to manage and deploy project related tags and maintained build related scripts developed in shell for Maven builds.

DevOps/cloud Engineer: (Feb 2016 – 2017 August)
Tyson Foods INC,Springdale, Arkansas

Responsibilities:

As a cloud Engineer played a major role in Initiation, Planning analyzing, recording requirements develop and assist the migration of client's on-premises infrastructure to Microsoft Cloud (Azure).
Developed and implemented hybrid on premise and cloud migration and management strategy for the new hybrid cloud solution in single and multiple site data centers.
Developed Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control inbound and outbound access to network interfaces (NICs), VMs and subnets.
Created and deployed VMs on the Microsoft cloud service Azure, created and managed the virtual networks to connect all the servers and designed ARM templates for Azure platform.
Written Terraform templates, Chef Recipes and pushed them into Chef Server for configuring EC2 Instances, and deployed code into the required environments using AWS Code Deploy.
Experienced in building, changing and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently with the help of Terraform.
Experienced in CreatingAnsible playbooks for the automation that was defined through tasks using YAML format and run Ansible Scripts to provision Dev servers.
Workedon orchestration and cluster containers to address load balancing, scaling, failover, and scheduling using Docker.
Administered and Engineered Jenkins for managing weekly Build, Test and Deploy chain, SVN/GIT with Test/Prod Branching Model for weekly releases.
Configured GIT with Jenkins and schedule jobs using POLLSCM option and integrated to automate the code checkout process. Wrote JUnit test cases for unit, integration, and functional tests, run automatically by Jenkins in the builds triggered by each push to GIT.
Developed, built, and deployed scripts using Gradle and MAVEN as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments.
Automated the build by integrating Maven plugin with Jenkins and configured pipeline job to invoke maven top-level goals.
Worked with Jenkins under the CI/CD pipeline providing continuous improvement to agile software development teams. Configured Jenkins and integrated it with Chef to schedule jobs on all the bootstrapped nodes.
Experienced in analyzing code quality with the help of SonarQube.
Automated the monthly patching process using chef recipes. Participated in on-call rotation. Managed a GitHubserver, and a Sonatype nexus server.
Involved in the release cycle of the product which involve environments like Development & QA.

Cloud/DevOps Engineer: (Mar 2015 – Jan 2016)
Nic Info Tek Inc,Tampa,Florida
Responsibilities:

Involved in migrating Physical Linux servers and applications to cloud (AWS).
Worked on setting up the life cycle policies to back the data from AWS S3 to AWS Glacier, Worked with various AWS, EC2 and S3 CLI tools.
Experienced in creating AWS IAM and Security Group in Public and Private Subnets in VPC. Created AWS Route53 to route traffic between different regions.
Automated the process of backing up data in EBS and instance store to S3 buckets. Created backup of AMI for mission critical productions servers from AWS CLI and used AWS Data pipeline to configure data loads from S3 to Redshift.
Created Chef coding best practices for existing development team. Refractor existing OpscodeChefAutomation code. Test Chef Cookbook modifications on cloud instances in AWS and using Test Kitchen and Chef Spec.
Written Unit testcasesforChefrecipe testing using test kitchen, food critic etc.
Worked on Ansible core concepts like Inventory, Playbooks, Roles, Tasks and Modules.
Wrote Perl Scripts,Python Scripts, and Bash Scripts to automate to deploy of Java Applications on servers.
Worked to perform Snapshots, Cloning and migration in VMWare.
Involved in creatingCron Jobs to schedule the day-to-day tasks in Linux.
Coordinated with the Development, Database Administration, QA and IT Operations teams to ensure there were no resource conflicts.

DevOpsEngineer:(Sep 2013 – Dec2014 )
Rolta,Hyderabad,India

Responsibilities:

Responsible for Deployment Automation using multiple tools Chef, Jenkins, GIT, ANT Scripts
Written Chef Cookbooks and recipes in Ruby to Provision several pre-prod environments consisting of Cassandra DB installations, Web logic domain creations and several proprietary middleware installations.
Deployed a centralized log management system and integrated into Chef to be used by developers.
Applied the test-driven development methodology while developing which yielded cohesive, loosely coupled and tested code.
Experience in designing and implementing continuous integration system using Jenkins by creating Python and Perl scripts.
Educated team about continuous integration and automated testing practices and supported them throughout development.
Connected continuous integration system with GIT version control repository and continually build as the check-in's come from the developer.
Designed and implemented Subversion and GIT metadata including elements, labels, attributes, triggers, and hyperlinks.
Operations - Custom Shell scripts, Ruby scripts, VM and Environment management.
Manage configuration of Web App and Deploy to AWS cloud server through Chef.
Developing maven and Shell scripts to automatically compile, package, deploy and test J2EE applications to a variety of Web Logic platforms.
Worked with different team members for automation of Release components.
Applied the test-driven development methodology while developing which yielded cohesive, loosely coupled, and tested code.
Educated team about continuous integration and automated testing practices and supported them throughout development.
Configured Jenkins to implement nightly builds on daily basis and generated change log that includes changes happened from last 24 hours.
Built and Deployed Java/J2EE to a web application server in an Agile continuous integration environment and automated the whole process.

Education:
Masters in information systems
Virginia International University
Contact this candidate