Page * of *
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Abhinav Wani
Mobile : +91-775******* Address – Bhosari, Pune Maharashtra 411039 Email : ad5i5o@r.postjobfree.com
To utilize my technical skills and knowledge towards a challenging career that recognizes individual contribution and helps build my technical knowledge AWS working experience in Cloud Domain, with hands-on implementation and demonstration knowledge of AWS Administration and DevOps (3.5Years). Total Years of Experience. : 3.11 y
Current company Name :
Wealthtech Robo advisory Mumbai
Experience in working as Cloud Devops Engineer on AWS Platform.
Hands on experience of wide range of AWS services to design and implement AWS infrastructure on basis of application requirements.
Experience in working with AWS Services like EC2, VPC, IAM, S3, ELB, Auto Scaling Groups (ASG), RDS, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, SNS, CloudTrail, CloudFront and Route53, Athena, AWS SSM.
Using IAM for creating users, groups, roles and also implemented MFA to provide additional security to AWS Account and its resources in different regions.
Creation of S3 bucket resources with utilization of Bucket Policy and configuring LifeCycle Policy of data in S3 Buckets, Enable S3 Bucket Encryption and Versioning.
Provisioning Infrastructure in AWS with Terraform as per SDLC Environment.
Setup and configure Jenkins to leverage CICD Pipelines using Jenkins Jobs.
Good Understanding of Docker Build and Deployment using Dockerfile.
Good understanding with Kubernetes Architecture along with deployments in cluster.
Following best practices in Source Control System like Github/Codecommit to enable DevOps Culture.
Configure, monitor and automate Cloud Services as well as involved in deploying the cloud platform infrastructure on AWS using CICD Services as per SDLC Environment(dev/qa/prod)
Hands on Experience in installation and configuration management using Ansible.
Configure Events using CloudWatch and sending Alert Notifications on various Events as a custom readable notification using Lambda and SNS.
IAM Federation
Good understanding of ITIL lifecycles and processes
Documenting technical scenarios for ease of access and RCA analysis
Expertly handle technical support operations, troubleshooting issues to identify root cause and provide solutions to prevent recurrence. OBJECTIVE
AWS CLOUD DEVOPS ENGINEER
WORK EXPERIENCE
Page 2 of 3
Qualification Board/University Passing Year Percentage BE Mech Pune 2015-2018 77.46
Diploma Mech MSBTE 2012-2015 70.18
S.S.C. Maharashtra 2011-2012 80.18
Operating Systems: Amazon Linux, Ubuntu
Scripting Language: Bash, Python.
AWS Services: EC2, VPC, IAM, S3, RDS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, Athena, Route 53, Lambda, SNS, SSO
Database: MySQL
DevOps Tools: Jenkins, AWS CICD
Source Code Management: Github, AWS CodeCommit.
Configuration Management: Ansible
Container Platform: Docker, AWS Eks
Ticketing Tool: Jira
Project Experience:
Project 1 : Cloud Operations
Role: AWS Administrator
Environment: AWS EC2, S3, IAM, VPC, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Linux Project Description: Administration of existing resources in the AWS Account, Design and implement a scalable application on AWS Cloud.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Creation of Virtual Private Cloud with Public, Private Subnets, VPC Endpoints in AWS for S3, and launching application resources in the VPC.
Querying Cloudtrail Logs using Athena to find account information insights.
Enable VPC Flow Logs to analyze Network Traffic in the AWS Instances using Athena.
Experience in setting up Launch configurations, Auto Scaling, Load Balancers to provide high availability to EC2 machines.
Configuring Bastion servers/Jump servers in public subnets to have ssh connection to Private Subnet Servers.
Custom Metrics setup to monitor Application Logs in CloudWatch
Managing IAM service to administer AWS resources effective creation of user accounts, assign granular access permissions
AWS System Manager for centralized management of EC2 instances.
Responsible for implementation and ongoing administration of AWS services.
Configure the Data Lifecycle Manager Policy for EBS Volume for Snapshot creation.
Configure CloudWatch Alarms and Metrics for various services as per success or failures to enable Graph in CloudWatch Dashboard.
Identify and troubleshoot issues in AWS Services and prevent recurrence
Setup custom alert notifications using Serverless Services like Lambda, SNS. ACADEMIC BACKGROUND
TECHNICAL SKILLS
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Page 3 of 3
Project 2
Role: AWS DevOps Engineer
Project Description:
- Installation and configuration of Jenkins.
- User and Group management with Jenkins Roles.
- Automation of Application Deployment using Github, Jenkins Pipeline Jobs using Jenkinsfile. Environment: EC2, Docker, EKS, Github, Ansible,Lambda, IAM, S3, CloudWatch, RDS,ECS Roles and Responsibilities:
Infrastructure provisioning of Application and Networking Resources using Terraform.
Github Repository permissions management for Branching and Merging strategy
Creating build component structure and pushing it to Git Repository.
Part of a team of CI engineers to design, develop and support CI system for Software Development Group.
Design and implement Git Best Practices for Branching, Merging Strategies, Tagging, Code review and PR.
Maven build for artifact creation as WAR and deploy it on Webserver. Creating with Semantic Versioning
Creating Jenkins Pipeline Jobs for Automation for Application deployment.
Using Jenkins Credentials for storing Sensitive information ( Dockerhub Credentials, Github Credentials ) and using AWS Secrets Manager to store and retrieve DB login credentials.
Automating the manual process if any, by writing shell scripts. Date of Birth : 15- April-1996
Gender : Male
Marital Status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Languages known : English, Marathi, Hindi .
I hereby declare that all the above written statement is complete to the best of my knowledge.
DATE : Yours Faithfully,
PLACE : Pune
( Abhinav Wani)
PERSONAL INFORMATION
DECLARATION
Contact this candidate