Lakshmi Subhashini Yadlapalli
Sr.AWS DevOps Engineer
ad5jrz@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-361-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY:

7+ years of experience in IT industry with major focus on Configuration Management, Build & Release Management and CI/CD automation. Worked as Cloud and DevOps Engineer in various dynamic environments.
Experience in multi platforms like UNIX, Ubuntu production, test, and development servers.
Hands on expertise in implementing a CI/CD pipeline involving GitLab, Jenkins, Chef/Ansible and Docker for complete automation from commit to deployment.
Highly skilled in handling critical AWS resources like VPC, EC2, EC2 Container Services, EBS, RDS, S3, Dynamo DB, ELB, Auto Scaling, Cloud Front, Snowball, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, IAM, SQS, SNS etc.
Hands on experience in AWS and Azure with provisioning & resource management and setting up enterprise infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Experience working with version control systems like GIT, SVN and used Source code management tools GitHub, GitLab including command line applications.
Extensive experience in SCM concepts: Branching, Merging, Check-in/out, Labeling, Tagging, Packaging, Baselines and Releases.
Expertise in Java build tools like ANT, MAVEN for the building of deployable artifacts such as jar, war & ear.
Extensively used Jenkins to streamline CI/CD process, automated several Master-Slave configurations using temporary slaves.
Installed and configured Chef Enterprise and Chef Workstation hosted as well as On-Premises, Bootstrapped Nodes, Wrote Recipes, Cookbooks and uploaded them to Chef-server.
Good understanding of configuration management tool with Ansible.
Extensively used Docker for virtualization, Ship, Run and Deploy the application securely for fasten the Build/Release Engineering.
Handled large volumes of containers with Kubernetes.
Installed and Configured Jfrog Artifact Repositories.
Proficient with Shell, Python, Ruby, JSON scripting languages.
Experienced in Troubleshooting and performance tuning using monitoring tools such as Splunk, Dynatrace and Nagios.
Experience in Bug/Issue tracking tools like JIRA, Service now.
Experience in supporting enterprise based distributed applications over a wide range of production environments on 24/7 on-call rotation basis for high volume, secure transactions and web services.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating systems
Windows, Unix, Linux, Cent OS
Application Servers
IBM WebSphere Application Server V8.x/V7.x/6.x, JBOSS Application Server 6.x/7.x, Nodejs 10.x/8.x/4.x
Web Servers
IBM HTTP Server 7.x, JBOSS EWS 2.x (Apache Web Server), NGINX
Version Control tools
GitHub, Git Lab, SVN
Build Tools
Ant, Maven, Gradle
Continuous Integration Tools
Jenkins.
Configuration Management Tools
Chef, Ansible, Terraform
Monitoring tools
Nagios, Dynatrace, Splunk,
Cloud Platforms
AWS, Azure
Scripting Languages
Python, Bash, JACL, WSADMIN.

Other tools
Service Now, SiteScope, FirstChoice Web, Jira, Heap Analyzer, Thread Analyzer, Confluence, BIG-IP(f5),APM, Control-m(BMC), AVI, ASM.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Global Payments Inc, Atlanta, GA September’2021 to Present
Role: Sr AWS DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Designed and implemented a continuous build-test-deployment (CI/CD) system with multiple component pipelines using Jenkins to support weekly releases and out-of-cycle releases based on business needs.
Building and implementing new projects builds framework using Jenkins & Maven as build framework tools as Continuous Delivery framework using Jenkins, Chef and Maven in Linux environments.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI process.
Set up and configure Nginx web servers as reverse-proxy servers.
Responsible for the Plug-in Management, User Management, Build/Deploy Pipeline Setup and End-End Job Setup of all the projects.
Experienced automation engineer within various server automation tools such as HP Server Automation Opsware, HP Operations Orchestration, and the BMC Server Automation Product Suite.
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups.
Experience with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker Hub and Docker-registries and Kubernetes.
Automate provisioning and repetitive tasks using Terraform and Python, Docker container, Service Orchestration.
Configured RDS instances using Cloud formations and terraform.
Experience on Deployment Automation & Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) & configure Jenkins jobs for application deployment and recycling.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GitLab.
Managed Git repository, code merging, and production deployments.
Created multiple Python and shell scripts for various application-level tasks.
Strong hands-on experience of configuring and integrating the servers with different environments and creating new machines using configuration management/provisioning tools like CHEF and Ansible.
Experience in Setting up Chef Workstation, boot strapping various enterprise nodes, setting up keys.
Experience in writing and deploying various Ansible playbooks and modules in the Production and pre-production environments.
Built and deployed Docker containers to break up monolithic apps into micro services, improving developer workflow, increasing scalability, and optimizing speed.
Primary server liaison for automated solutions and process improvements using HP Opsware and HP Operations Orchestration.
Build servers using GCP, import volumes, launch EC2, RDS, create security groups, auto-scaling, load balancers (ELBs) in the defined virtual private connection.
Experience in F5 LTM load balancer deploying rules, configure/adding/removing pool members.
Experience in configuring scheduling jobs using BMC control-m tool & cron jobs.
Responsible for monitoring the availability of environments, Monitor system performance including application flows and responses and error logs to insure a high level of application availability, kind of activities through Splunk, Dynatrace, Nagios monitoring tools.
Worked on Microsoft Azure (Public) Cloud to provide IaaS support to client. Create Virtual Machines through Power Shell Script and Azure Portal.
Creating Storage Pool and Stripping of Disk for Azure Virtual Machines. Backup, Configure and Restore Azure Virtual Machine using Azure Backup
Experienced in performance tuning by tweaking WebSphere & JBOSS configuration parameters like JVM heap size, JVM Web container threads, DB connection pools etc.
In working with our internal systems partners provide support for infrastructure changes such as WebSphere/JBOSS/Nodejs/docker upgrades, migration, Linux patches.
Troubleshooting problems related to Containers/ Application Servers/Webserver configuration issues and performance issues in an environment with over 10,000 servers.
Set up the Linux Cron jobs for automating various build related jobs and application data synchronization jobs.
On-call production support (24*7) for monitoring and maintenance of multiple applications.

Environment: AWS, Linux, Java, Apache, Jboss, NodeJs, GITLab, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Chef, Ansible, Terraform, Python, Shell, Nagios, Dynatrace, Splunk, Jira, Confluence, Service Now, F5 LTM.

HDFC Bank, India Jan 2017 – August 2021
Role: System Engineer/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:

Managed Linux cloud servers on AWS EC2 using Chef Server.
Experience in designing and deploying AWS resources using EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancers (ELB), Auto scaling groups and Ops-works.
Development of Chef Cookbooks to manage systems configuration.
Coordinating the resources by working closely with Project Manager’s for the release and Project Manager for all the Operational Projects.
Enabling customers to better manage software development, deployments, and infrastructure with tools such as Jenkins and Stash.
Defined dependencies and plugins in Maven pom.xml for various activities and integrated Maven with GIT to manage and deploy project related tags.
Created featured, develop, release branches in STASH (Git) for different applications to support releases and CI builds.
Configured local Maven repositories and multi-component Ant projects with Nexus repositories and scheduled projects in Jenkins for continuous integration.
Carried deployments and builds on various environments using continuous integration tool Jenkins.
Designed the project workflows/pipelines using Jenkins as CI tool.
Wrote Maven and Gradle Scripts to automate the build process.
Managed the Maven Repository using Nexus tool and used the same to share the snapshots and releases of internal projects.
Installed Nexus repository tool to maintain the artifacts/dependencies jars.
Created proxy nexus repositories to speed up the build process.
Created AWS EC2 instances and setup the S3, EBS storage and Cloud watch.
Worked on IAM in AWS using CLI and Console.
Worked on S3 buckets creation in AWS using CLI and Console.
Integrating AWS cloud Formation with Puppet for configuring and patching applications.
Used Puppet to automate Configuration management & Applications.
Handle escalated Support tickets till closure for MS Azure IaaS platform.
Worked on Puppet for the deployment of servers with custom scripts.
Worked on creating various modules in Puppet and automated various facts.
Built and Deployed Java/J2EE to Tomcat Application servers in an agile continuous integration process and automated the whole process.
Worked closely with development team and SQA team for product releases.
Created runbooks for each application to help the release management team for successful deployments.
Developed, maintained, and distributed release notes for each scheduled release.
Incorporated the Code Quality Tools SonarQube, Find bugs and Cobertura into Maven Projects.
Deployed the applications to Tomcat Application Server and static content to apache web servers.
Established processes and tools to maintain code base integrity, including check-in validation rules and branch/merge processes.

Environment: AWS, Terraform, GitHub, Shell, RHEL, Linux, ANT/Maven, JUnit, Jenkins, WebSphere Application Server Network Deployment, Nexus, IBM, Puppet, Production Support.
Contact this candidate