DABEER ISLAM
ad5jq2@r.postjobfree.com 929-***-**** in/dabeer-islam Staten Island, NY
DEVOPS ENGINEER
Self-motivated DevOps Engineer with 9 years of experience managing and automating software development processes. Proven track record of successfully implementing DevOps practices and tools to improve efficiency and productivity. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software solutions. SKILLS
Docker Terraform AWS Containerization Ansible Kubernetes Ci/Cd Codepipeline Bitbucket Jenkins Bamboo Git Scripting Yaml Linux Apache Kafka Elasticsearch Rabbitmq Redis Sonarqube Bash Python VMWare Automation Datadog Prometheus Grafana GUI Chef CloudFormation Problem Solving Teamwork Azure PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engineer Ambry Genetics Aliso Viejo, US NOV, 2021 - PRESENT
● Led the team in the creation of CI/CD pipelines using Terraform for migrating 50+ applications to AWS. Actively shared knowledge on infrastructure provisioning and AWS Code Pipeline implementation.
● Guided a high-performing DevOps engineering team of three, championing comprehensive initiatives in infrastructure provisioning, CI/CD pipeline automation, Kubernetes deployment, containerization, server management, scripting automation, security implementation, messaging infrastructure optimization, code scanning, and cloud resource management while actively mentoring and sharing knowledge to elevate team proficiency.
● Managed 500+ Linux-based servers / EC2 instances, ensuring optimal performance and monitoring metrics with DataDog.
● Authored 50+ bash scripts and Ansible playbooks for various automation tasks and configured load balancers for enhanced security measures.
● Implemented SSL certificates and crafted web server virtual host files for secure connections onto 500+ servers.
● Automated Kafka / AWS MSK cluster creation with Terraform, streamlining messaging infrastructure, reducing message consumption time by 50%.
● Constructed a SonarQube GUI on an EC2 instance and integrated it with Bitbucket pipelines for automated code scanning, increasing source code security by 70%.
● Leveraged Azure cloud services to effectively manage the Active Directory infrastructure for user authentication and authorization across AWS environments, ensuring streamlined access control and permission management for diverse roles and responsibilities. DevOps Engineer Raytheon Technologies New York, NY SEP, 2016 - DEC, 2021
● Streamlined AWS infrastructure deployment using Terraform and Jenkins, reducing deployment times by 40% and achieving a 30% cost reduction through automation.
● Developed AWS cost and tagging compliance tools with Python and Terraform, resulting in a 25% reduction in AWS-related costs.
● Automated monitoring, backups, and website monitoring, ensuring 24/7 availability and data integrity for self-managed databases including MySQL and MongoDB, while also saving 20% in operational costs.
● Increased network performance by designing and deploying AWS VPCs, subnets, and routing using Terraform and AWS Console.
● Managed 100+ Docker containers and orchestrated infrastructure with Ansible playbooks and YAML.
● Wrote Ansible playbooks and ad-hoc commands for configuration management onto 500+ Linux servers.
● Maintained 99.9% uptime for web applications and deployed highly performant web application clusters using HTTP, Nginx, HAPROXY, FastCGI-FPM, Memcached, and Amazon ElastiCache. EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science College of Staten Island Staten Island, NY AWS Solutions Architect
Contact this candidate