SHRAVAN G. DULAM
Sr. Azure DevOps Engineer
Reach me – 904-***-**** –

C2C - Corp to Corp Only

Summary of Qualifications:

Result-driven IT Professional with referable & progressive experience in designing, deploying, and managing complex cloud infrastructure in dynamic environments.
Expertise in implementing Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines, cloud computing platforms, and software development methodologies.
Proven history of automating operations and optimizing applications for performance and security.
Strong critical thinking skills with meticulous attention to detail, consistently meeting project deadlines.
Skilled in collaborating with cross-functional teams to translate business requirements into technological solutions and driving digital transformation with Azure services using Agile and DevOps practices.

Technical competencies:

Servlets, JDBC,JSP, HTML, JavaScript, XML, VMware, Azure, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Azure AD, Kubernetes, .NET, C#, Ant, Maven, Jenkins, Dynamics 365, Terraform, Python, Ruby, Shell, TFS, JIRA, WebLogic Server 11g, Apache Tomcat, Docker, Kubernetes, VMware, Apache HTTP server, JSON, Nexus, Java, GitHub, Java Script, Angular, MECM/SCCM, SCOM, WSUS, Hyper V

Certifications & Education:

Microsoft Certified - Azure Administrator Associate
Microsoft Certified - DevOps Engineer Expert
AZ-400 - Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions

Master’s Degree in Information Systems / Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical & Electronics Engineering / JNT University - Hyderabad, India

Professional Experience:

Client: Pods - Clearwater, FL Jul 2022 - Present
Role: Azure DevOps Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed and managed Azure Infrastructure hosting plans, deployed workloads on Azure Virtual Machines (VMs), and designed VM storage, demonstrating proficiency in implementing images/disks.
Configured Azure's internal load balancer, load balanced sets, and Azure Traffic manager, demonstrating expertise in TCP/IP networking concepts including DNS, and DHCP
Leveraged Azure VPN-Point to Site, Virtual networks, Azure Custom security, Endpoint security, and firewall for secure network configuration and management.
Configured Datadog monitoring to track performance metrics and setup alerts for critical issues, improving incident response times by 20%.
Managed greenfield project implementations using Docker and Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) for secure networking and CI/CD pipelines.
Utilized Terraform for managing Kubernetes resources and created infrastructure components such as Web app, Function App, VNets, DNS Settings, Routing, Security Policies, Load Balancer, App Gateway, and Application Insights.
Managed Azure AD tenants, users, and groups, integrated on-premises Windows AD with Azure AD, and configured multi-factor authentication (MFA) and federated single sign-on (SSO)
Collaborated and securely shared company information with other organizations by creating Guest Users through Function API Management and Azure AD B2B API's.
Implemented Grafana dashboards to visualize system performance, aiding in identifying and resolving bottle necks
Set up Jenkins server for continuous automated builds based on polling the GIT SCM, supporting development with periodically scheduled builds.

Client: TKIS - Hyderabad, India Jan 2019 - Nov 2021
Role: Azure Cloud Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Leveraged Microsoft Azure (Public) Cloud to provide IaaS support to clients, including the creation of Virtual Machines through PowerShell Script and Azure Portal.
Executed Storage Pool creation and disk stripping for Azure Virtual Machines, and performed backup, configuration, and restoration of Azure VMs using Azure Backup.
Deployed and configured Azure Application Gateways to manage traffic to applications. Developed and maintained continuous Integration & Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines using Azure DevOps tools across multiple environments, enabling safe code deployment in Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) using YAML scripts.
Worked on Azure Development, working on Azure web applications, App services, Azure storage, Azure SQL Database, Virtual machines, and Azure Active Directory. Integrated Ansible with Jenkins for Automation, Continuous Integration & Continuous Deployment (CI/CD), and
Implemented Jenkins workflows and plugins for repeatable deployments of applications, artifacts, and services to Docker
Integrated Prometheus for metric collection and Kibana for log analysis, enabling comprehensive monitoring and analysis of application and system logs.
Deployed Azure PaaS services such as Storage Account, App Insights, Databricks, APIM, Event Hub, Logic app, Function app, Synapse Analytics, and Event Grid.

Client: Wipro - Hyderabad, India Aug 2017 - Jan 2019
Role: Cloud Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Created sets of Azure resources such as Cosmos DB, Storage account, Key Vault, App services, Traffic Managers, App Insights, Azure SQL database, and more, based on specifications provided by the cloud architect team.
Deployed Azure IaaS VMs within Availability Sets into respective VNets and Subnets, and configured Load Balancers to ensure service availability and avoid service outages.
Created new integration environments for projects in both Non-Prod and Prod subscriptions. Managed build and release definitions for the code deployment of clients.
Used Postman to make API calls and test the status of integration environments.
Created and updated Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates and parameter files to build infrastructure for different integration environments.
Utilized Azure PowerShell and Azure CLI scripts for various tasks on Azure resources in the Azure Resource Groups.
Automated AKS deployment and management tasks using Terraform and PowerShell scripts, reducing manual effort and improving consistency.
Developed Azure functions and configured them with App Insights to monitor and collect function logs.
Used VSTS for source code control in managing infrastructure as code (IaC) and Visual Studio Code as source control editor for scripting, pull requests, review, and branch merging.

Client: Uber Eats - Hyderabad, India Aug 2016 - Jun 2017
Role: System Analyst

Roles & Responsibilities:
Managed Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) infrastructure and customized SCCM environment to support Windows 7, 8 and 10, servicing models.
Managed the deployment of security updates/patches through the configuration manager and 3rd party updates through System Center Update Publisher (SCUP).
Generated custom SQL reports for auditing and troubleshooting, and performed SCCM maintenance and Windows Servers Update Services (WSUS) cleanup tasks.
Managed/Deployed Symantec Endpoint Protect (SCEP) Antivirus and its definitions, and configured baselines and compliance settings for end users.
Performed security risk assessments based on patch releases and mitigated risk by deploying security patches to servers and workstations.
Involved in SCCM operations tasks for workstations and servers and resolved issues related to SCCM client by analyzing SCCM client logs.
Managed security patch management (Microsoft and Third-party security patches), deployment of software packages and applications to end users, configuration of baselines and compliance settings, and daily check of SCCM site systems and roles.
Configured and deployed custom client settings to end points

References: Provided upon request…
Contact this candidate