D E V O P S E N G I N E E R
V I K T O R I I A M I N O S I A N
S U M M A R Y
Experienced and goal-driven DevOps Engineer proficient in the deployment and management of cloud infrastructure using advanced automation tools such as Terraform and Ansible. Possesses certifications in Kubernetes, Terraform, and AWS, demonstrating comprehensive expertise in these areas. Ability to apply industry best practices and principles to containerization, cloud computing, CI/CD, and automation.
A motivated team player with a strong commitment to delivering exceptional customer service. Highly self-motivated and dedicated to utilizing acquired skills and knowledge to drive rapid organizational growth through consistent and effective work.
C E R T I F I C A T I O N
S K I L L S
C O N T A C T
224-***-****
Chicago, IL
ad5rv7@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/
viktoriia-minosian
CKA Certified Kubernetes
Administrator
AWS Cloud Practitioner
AWS Solution Architect –
Associate
HashiCorp
Terraform Associate
P R O J E C T S
Efficiently orchestrated the setup and configuration of AWS workspaces and infrastructure, tailoring them to the specific needs of individual teams across various product stages. Employed provisioning and configuration management tools to ensure a streamlined and seamless deployment process. Efficiently provisioned AWS infrastructure for three-tier applications, ensuring optimal performance and scalability.
Created and managed custom Helm charts for applications using Helm package manager, ensuring seamless deployment and effective application management. Deployed GKE and implemented Ingress-controller, External-DNS and Cert- manager using Helm.
Deployed and configured Prometheus and Grafana using Terraform and Helm charts.
Orchestrated the configuration and optimization of Kubernetes clusters within Amazon EKS and Google GKE leveraging best practices to ensure high availability, performance, and security of containerized workloads. Created and implemented a robust CI/CD pipeline leveraging GitHub Actions to automate the integration, testing, and deployment processes. This initiative streamlined development workflows and enhanced efficiency while ensuring continuous delivery of high-quality code.
Cloud: AWS & GCP
Automation: Terraform, Ansible
& Packer
Containerization: Kubernetes,
Helm & Docker
Containerization & Orchestration
Data analytics
Time management
Fast adaptation to new
technologies
Collaborate with other team
members to build and maintain
positive, productive team
relationships.
Knowledgeable about CI/CD
Integration & configuration
Hands-on experience using
compute, networking, storage,
database services.
Experience in the importance of
documentation, standard operating
procedures, and training
A D D I T I O N A L
S K I L L S
May 2021 - April 2024
DEVOPS ENGINEER DELTA AIRLINES
CI/CD: Git/GitHub Actions,
ArgoCD, Jenkins
Monitoring/Logging: Datadog,
Grafana, Prometheus & AWS
CloudWatch
OS: Linux
P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E
Built and managed Kubernetes clusters using Terraform on Google Cloud Provider (GCP).
Implemented a robust CI/CD process using Git Actions, streamlining the development lifecycle and enabling automated builds, testing, and deployment workflows.
Automated the infrastructure deployment for different stages, such as, Dev/QA/Stage/Prod.
Utilized a wide range of GCP cloud services, including VM instances, auto- scaling, and Load Balancer, to optimize infrastructure scalability, enhance performance, and ensure high availability within the cloud environment. Created Docker images for Java and Python applications to deploy utilizing custom Helm charts and Terraform.
Created and managed custom Helm charts for applications using Helm package manager.
Managing and executing Trouble Tickets assigned to help improve the Kubernetes Infrastructure in Github.
Created Grafana dashboards using Prometheus data source. Provided valuable mentorship and guidance to onboarded team members, facilitating their seamless integration into the organization and fostering their professional growth.
DEVOPS ENGINEER COMCAST
March 2020 – April 2021
Built and automated AWS infrastructure, IAAC, using Terraform and Ansible. Interacted with Terraform modules, generated, and modified configuration. Built Docker images for microservices to run on Kubernetes cluster. Created manifest files for Kubernetes objects.
Created Docker images for applications to deploy utilizing Helm charts. Implemented best practices with troubleshooting to resolve issues. Worked on different platforms maintaining SDLC processes with Agile methodology in building and deploying applications to production. Worked with GitHub repositories to manage source code. Provisioned AWS EC2, S3 Bucket, Route53, ALB, EBS with Terraform Created AWS AMIs using Packer which was utilized in infrastructure provisioning
Scan Docker images using SonarQube to find any potential vulnerabilities. Performed installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of Linux servers. Performed system back-ups and security updates on a regular basis. Analyzed performance problems and implemented preventive procedures. Assisted in setting-up proactive monitoring tools such as Datadog. Managed system storage requirements, access controls, and permissions. E D U C A T I O N
Kyiv National University of Trade
& Economics Kyiv, Ukraine
Master Degree in Economics
of Enterprise
Contact this candidate