THANUSHA BOLLINI
Contact: +1-972-***-**** Email: ad5tcf@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
DevOps Engineer/SRE focused on quality and results and demonstrated experience optimizing development and operational procedures to boost productivity. Having worked in corporate environments for more than 3 years, I have successfully created reliable continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) pipelines, automated deployment processes, and optimized infrastructure for high-performance applications.
Around 4 years of experience in the IT industry comprised of Development, Systems Administration, Infrastructure Management, Installation, Configuration, Tuning, and Upgrades of Linux (Red Hat and Oracle).
Familiarity with establishing corporate infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure.
Expertise in automating releases as a DevOps engineer to achieve continuous delivery and integration (CI and CD).
Worked as an SRE for automating infrastructure provisioning, configuring, and managing using tools like Terraform, Ansible, Chef to ensure consistency and reliability across environments.
Developed incident response plans, participating in on-call rotations as an SRE.
Site Reliability Engineer with extensive experience in planning, designing, and implementing in areas of implementing SRE practices, DevOps strategies, troubleshooting, and Application Performance Monitoring.
Having good working experience in AWS with EKS by using CloudFormation.
Successfully installed and configured Linux environments using Ansible, Puppet, and Git/GitHub.
Workflow actions were implemented to facilitate troubleshooting across various Splunk event types.
Practical experience developing websites with HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
Extensive background using the Apache Tomcat and Oracle WebLogic application servers.
Thorough familiarity with computer applications and Shell, Bash, Ruby, and Perl scripting.
Experience in writing SQL scripts for SQL Server.
Experience with JIRA for Project Planning/Management.
Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for enterprise applications.
Good Knowledge of Azure cloud services, Azure storage, Azure active directory, and Azure Service Bus. Managed Clients' Microsoft Azure-based PaaS and IaaS environments.
Implemented a CI/CD pipeline using Azure DevOps (VSTS/TFS) in both cloud and on-premises with GIT, MS Build, Docker, and Maven along with Jenkins pipeline builds & YAML/JSON.
Experience in keeping up and looking at log archives using monitoring tools like
Splunk, CloudWatch, ELK Stack, Dynatrace, Datadog, Prometheus, Grafana, and AppDynamics.
Knowledge of establishing both upstream and downstream Jenkins pipelines, as well as end-user security.
Configure, install, and run AppDynamics to monitor applications, and for getting results.
Provisioned the highly available EC2 Instances using Terraform and cloud formation and wrote new plugins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Worked on creating the Docker containers, and Docker images, tagging and pushing the images and Docker consoles for managing the application life cycle, and Deployed Docker Engines in Virtualized Platforms for containerization of multiple applications.
Implemented Build/Deployed automation Server utilizing CI Technologies like Jenkins/Hudson, Subversion, Maven, Ant, Nexus, JIRA, and Selenium for both .NET and J2EE Applications on mixed OS (Windows/Linux/Unix).
Extensively worked with Scheduling, deploying, and managing container replicas onto a node cluster using Kubernetes and experienced in creating Kubernetes clusters work with frameworks running on the same cluster resources.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software Provisioning Tools
Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Docker
Monitoring Tools
Dynatrace, Splunk
Build Tools
Ant, Maven, MS Build
Versioning Tools
GIT, Bitbucket, SVN, IBM Rational Clear Case
Web Technologies
HTML, Java Script, XML, Servlets, JDBC, JSP
Repositories
Nexus, Artifactory
CI Tools
Jenkins, Bamboo
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA, IBM Clear QUEST
Virtualization
VMware ESX 3.x, VMware Server 1.4, Virtual Box
Scripting/Programming Languages
Shell, Perl, Python, UNIX, Java Scripting, .Net, Java
Web/App Servers
Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Hadoop, Web logic
Databases
MYSQL, SQL Server, Oracle 11g/10g/9i/8i
Cloud Providers
AWS, Azure, GCP

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
TechMatrix Solutions Jan 2023 - Dec 2023
Role: AWS DevOps Engineer
Responsibilities:
Deployed instances in AWS EC2 and used EBS stores for persistent storage, configured & supported storage level.
Installed and configured Splunk monitoring server and forwarded on all the nodes in the environment.
Implemented SRE Practices for various application and platform teams.
Configured and administered Jenkins for managing weekly Build, Test, and Deploy chain, GIT with Dev/QA/Prod.
Experiencing in managing Windows servers for tasks such as wed hosting, file sharing, domain controller setup, and application deployment.
Ability to install, Configure, and troubleshoot Windows-based applications and services like Microsoft Exchange, SQL server, SharePoint.
Created Datadog dashboards for various applications and monitored real-time and historical metrics.
Customized workflows, integrate with various tools, and scale to meet project needs using Jenkins.
Configured and managed CI/CD pipelines using tools like Jenkins, GitLab, tailored to project requirements, improving development efficiency.
Setting up configuring the IAS server to provide centralized authentication, authorization, and accounting services for network access.
Wrote Playbooks with Python SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of OpenStack Nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python.
Created inventory in Ansible for automating the continuous deployment and wrote playbooks using YAML scripting.
Created Clusters using Kubernetes and worked on creating many pods, replication controllers, replica sets, services, deployments, labels, health checks, and ingress by writing YAML files.
Migrated VMware Virtual Machines to AWS and managed Services like EC2, S3, Cloud Formation, Route53, ELB, RDS, and VPC.
Worked in setting up Chef Infrastructure, Chef-repo, and Bootstrapping Chef nodes.
Written Chef cookbooks and recipes to Provision Several pre-production environments consisting of Cassandra DB installations and several middleware installations.
Installing RedHat Linux using Kickstart and applying security policies for hardening the server based on the company policies.
Installing, and configuring RedHat servers, automating scripts coordinated with SAN Team for storage allocation and Disk Dynamic Multi path.

Client: Oracle, India April 2019 - Dec 2021
Role: DevOps Engineer/SRE
Responsibilities:
Developed and supported the Software Release Management and procedures.
Responsible for the design and maintenance of the Subversion/Git Repositories, Views, and the access control strategies.
Collaborated with Development and Support teams to set up a Continuous Delivery environment with the use of Docker and Kubernetes, Continuous build, and delivery tools.
Site Reliability Engineer with extensive experience in planning, designing, and implementing in areas of implementing SRE practices, DevOps strategies, troubleshooting, and Application Performance Monitoring.
Working for the DevOps Platform team responsible for specialization areas related to Puppet for Cloud Automation.
Used the Docker file to create Docker images. I have managed Docker volumes, worked on Docker container snapshots, removed images, and gained knowledge of Docker container services.
Used AWS cloud services to launch Linux and Windows machines, created security groups, and wrote basic PowerShell scripts to take backups and mounted network shared drives.
Worked with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, and Remote State.
Site Reliability Engineer with extensive experience in planning, designing, and implementing in areas of implementing SRE practices, DevOps strategies, troubleshooting, and Application Performance Monitoring.
Built and Deployed Java/J2EE to Tomcat Application servers in an agile continuous integration process using Maven.
Scripting in multiple languages on UNIX, LINUX, and Windows-Batch, Shell script.
Experience working with cloud platforms such as Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and leveraged GCP cloud services such as Compute, auto-scaling, and VPC to build secure, highly scalable, and flexible systems that handle expected and unexpected load bursts.

EDUCATION
Masters in computer science - University Of Texas at Arlington – 2023.
Bachelors in technology - RMD Engineering College, Chennai, India – 2020.
Contact this candidate