PUJITHA KOPPANATHI
SENIOR DEVOPS ENGINEER
ad60pb@r.postjobfree.com • 816-***-**** • https://www.linkedin.com/in/pujithak/ • Overland Park, KS

SUMMARY
Experienced Senior DevOps Engineer with 6+ years of expertise in coding and scripting, with a focus on automation and workflow optimization in an Agile environment. Expertise in implementing and optimizing DevOps toolchains, CI/CD pipelines, and cloud platforms for efficient software development and deployment. Strong background in testing, security, and monitoring practices to ensure reliability and security in production environments. Excellent communication and collaboration skills, facilitating effective teamwork and problem-solving in dynamic DevOps environments.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Cloud & Automation: AWS, Azure, Ansible, Chef, Puppet
Programming Languages & Scripting: Python, Shell, Bash
Development & Build Tools: ANT, Maven, Jenkins
Operating Systems & Servers: Linux, Solaris, RedHat, RHEL/CentOS, Ubuntu, Windows, Nginx, Web Logic, Apache Tomcat, WebSphere, IIS
Networking & Protocols: DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, SMTP, LDAP
Databases & Monitoring: MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Splunk, ELK, Prometheus
Version Control & Virtualization: Git, GitHub, Subversion, Docker, Kubernetes, VMware
Project Tracking Tools: Service NOW, JIRA, IBM ClearQuest
Monitoring Tools: Splunk, ELK Stack, Prometheus

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
Senior DevOps Engineer, Discover Financial Services, Riverwoods, IL November 2022 - Present Environment: AWS (EC2, S3, VPC, ELB, RDS, EBS, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Cloud watch, Cloud trail, Route 53, AMI, SQS, SNS, Lambda, CLI, CDN), ELK, Docker, Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, Kubernetes, Git, Jira, Bash, Shell, Python, Tomcat
●Designed and managed public and private cloud infrastructures for over 10,000 users using AWS, which includes VPC, EC2, S3, CloudFront, Elastic File System, RDS, Route53, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, and IAM.
●Executed automated build and deployment solutions using Docker, Terraform, and Ansible, reducing manual intervention by 70% and increasing deployment frequency by 50%.
●Created and built EC2 instances utilizing various AWS services such as auto-scaling groups, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), S3, and Glacier for QA and UAT environments.
●Integrated CI/CD pipelines using tools like Jenkins, and GitLab CI/CD to automate build, test, and deployment processes, resulting in faster release cycles and a 40% improvement in software quality.
●Instituted security groups, network ACLs, Internet Gateways, NAT instances, and Route tables to establish secure environments for organizations in the AWS public cloud.
●Developed Python, Shell, and Bash scripts for baseline setup, branching, merging, and automation across environments using SCM tools like Kubernetes (Docker weave).
●Engineered Jira workflows for automated deployment and issue tracking that reduced deployment times by 30%. Set up JIRA as a defect tracking system, configured workflows, customizations, and plug-ins to enhance the JIRA bug/issue tracker.
●Deployed AWS Infrastructure as Code (IAC) using Terraform and Cloud Formation for legacy applications.
●Implemented robust monitoring and alerting systems with Prometheus and Grafana, leading to proactive detection and resolution of performance issues and a 50% reduction in mean time to resolution (MTTR).
DevOps Engineer, VML, Kansas City, Missouri January 2021- November 2022
Environment: AWS, cloud watch, cloud trail, IAM, Terraform, Kubernetes, Docker, Git, Bash, Shell, Go, Cloud Formation, AMI, Lambda, Ansible, Chefbook, Helm charts, WebLogic, Autoscaling, WebSphere, Route53, DNS, Nagios, RHEL.
●Led using Jenkins, Ansible, and Terraform to automate CI/CD pipeline in AWS while designing and developing cloud infrastructure maintenance shell scripts for the provision of infrastructure management using Terraform across 50 physical servers and 200 virtual machines.
●Optimized the performance and scalability of distributed systems through vertical and horizontal scaling strategies, resulting in a 60% improvement in system throughput and response times.
●Developed lightweight and scalable services in Go, reducing infrastructure costs by 20% while ensuring high availability and reliability.
●Built a virtual data center in AWS cloud to support Enterprise Data Warehouse, including VPC, Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Tables, and Elastic Load Balancer.
●Automated AWS features such as EC2, IAM, VPC, EBS, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, CloudFormation, Auto Scaling, and S3 using Ansible playbooks.
●Implemented security best practices on Linux systems, including user and group management, file system permissions, firewall configuration, and intrusion detection, that reduced identified vulnerabilities by 40%.
●Streamlined Windows server administration tasks using PowerShell scripting, Desired State Configuration (DSC), and configuration management tools like Puppet and Chef, improving operational efficiency and consistency by 30%
●Established and optimized a robust CI/CD pipeline with Jenkins and GitLab CI, reducing deployment time by 40% and enhancing the software development lifecycle.
●Managed Maven artifacts using Jenkins and deployed them into the Amazon Cloud Environment, integrating Monitoring Metrics with CloudWatch and setting up corresponding alarms.
●Integrated Docker container orchestration framework using Kubernetes by creating pods, config Maps, and deployments.

Azure DevOps Engineer, Huntington Bank, Columbus, OH June 2020 - December 2020
Environment: Azure, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Maven, Chef, Jenkins, Kubernetes, GIT, Python, Shell Scripting, Helm charts.
●Deployed 50 Azure IaaS Virtual Machines (VMs) and 9 PaaS role instances (Cloud Services) within secure VNets and subnets, while designing VNets and Subscriptions to comply with network limits.
●Integrated AKS with Azure Monitor, Azure Active Directory, Azure Policy, and Azure DevOps to streamline workflows and improve operational efficiency by 30%.
●Established CI/CD pipelines using CloudBees Jenkins and CircleCI to automate Terraform script execution for Azure infrastructure setup.
●Led release planning and GIT branching strategies, establishing GIT Stash repositories for over 100 applications and configured CI setups in Jenkins while implementing Groovy scripts for dashboard customization and email triggers.
●Implemented Jenkins pipelines to manage microservice builds, Docker registry integration, and Kubernetes deployment.
●Developed PowerShell scripts to automate Azure Cloud system in creation of Resource groups, Web Applications, Azure Storage Blob Tables, and firewall rules and managed daily administrative tasks using Python scripts.
●Deployed OpenShift RedHat Enterprise to enable rapid application development, hosting, and scaling within a self-managed cloud environment, leading to 50% faster response times to operational issues.
●Employed helm charts for deployment management, leveraging chart templates and file naming conventions.

JR. DevOps Engineer, JH Softech, India August 2016 - July 2018
Environment: Agile, Subversion SVN, ANT, Maven, Jenkins/Hudson, JIRA, AWS EBS, Sonar, Star Team, Agile, GitHub, Puppet.
●Engineered ANT Scripts to streamline the build process and crafted PowerShell scripts for automated deployment.
●Established Continuous Integration and build automation using Jenkins CI and Sonar.
●Leveraged GIT for version control system to collaborate with CI tools and manage 20+ repositories.
●Oversaw the construction and automated deployment of our analytics infrastructure to AWS.
●Supported Ansible tower in backup and security operations.

EDUCATION
Master of Computer Science, University of Missouri, Kansas City, Missouri
Bachelor of Computer Science, Velagapudi Ramakrishna Siddhartha Engineering, India
Contact this candidate