SHIVA KARKI
347-***-****
ad6275@r.postjobfree.com
HIGHLIGHTS OF SKILLS
Over 8+ years of experience in IT industry as DevOps/Cloud Engineer in all the phases like Design, Automation, Deploying, Testing and Maintenance of various web-based applications.
Experience in working with core repositories which are SVN, GitHub, Azure Repos Git.
Worked on Maven as a build tool for java applications along with the antifactory repositories and container registries such as Nexus, JFrog, OCI container registry.
Extensively worked on CI/CD using Jenkins & Azure DevOps Pipelines.
Good experience in using Ansible for the backups, CI/CD and automating the regular manual tasks.
Exposure to application servers such as Nginx, Apache Tomcat & WebLogic.
Very good experience on creating Docker Images and Kubernetes configurations.
Worked on code analysis like SonarQube
Good understanding with various Services of AWS: VPC, EBS, ELB, S3, EC2, IAM policies & roles, Networking, AMIs, Auto Scaling, EFS.
Quiet a good experience in working with Azure Services like DataBricks, Azure Devops Pipelines, ACR and AKS
Very good experience in OCI services like Compute Instances, Load Balancer, VCN, DBAAS, Object Storage, Block Volumes, OKE, Container Registry.
Good knowledge on Terraform

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems: Windows servers, Linux,Unix,Solaris
Programming Languages: Python, .net, java, JavaScript, Ruby, bash
Databases: PL/SQL, NoSQL, SQL 2012/2008/2005, Oracle 11g/10g/9i
Web Technologies/Frameworks: HTML5, CSS, XML, SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, XSD, XSL, XPATH, Angular.JS, Bootstrap, Adoption, scaled agile
Application/Web Servers: Apache Tomcat 8, Weblogic 12c, Nginx, JBoss
Tools: SVN, Azure Git, Maven, Nexus, Jenkins, Tomcat, Nginx, SonarQube, Ansible, Shell Scripting, Docker & Kubernetes, Clear case, TFS, CVS. Make, cruise control, puppet, Rally, Chef, Ant
Cloud Computing: OCI, AWS, Azure
Ticketing Tools: Service Now, Jira
Database: Oracle 11g, 12c, PL/SQL, NoSQL,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Carlson Wagonlit Travel (CWT) Minnetonka, Minnesota
Sr. DevOps Engineer Jan 2022 -
End-to-end experience with CI/CD pipelines from like regular automatic deployments to DEV and QA environments
And DEV through PROD (heavily invested in Maven/Gradle/NG and Jenkins)
Deploying, automating, maintaining, and managing Production systems, ideally at scale (AWS with Kops, “bare metal” K8s via Kubespray)
Docker, Kubernetes, general containerization and virtualization - design, implementation, maintenance,
Taken care of automations like WebLogic installation, creating Domain using ansible and shell script in Jenkins.
Also automated the Data Sources updation for multiple at a time using Jenkins pipeline involving shell script and ansible
Helped the team to create Dockerfiles and configuring them.
Also worked on Kubernetes deployments and fixed the issues all the time.
Worked on Jasper Installation and automated that part as well using shell script.
Worked on doing the deployments for various microservices to rancher cluster.
Took care of all the documentation part of automations and sharing the knowledge to the team.
Used Docker Container to package the applications and deploy them on the web logic server.

Santander Bank Jan 2021 – Dec 2021
DevOps Engineer Holmdel, New Jersey
Created and maintained CI/CD pipelines for code build and deployment using concourse.
Used the ANT tool extensively to do the builds, integrated ANT to Eclipse and did local builds.
Integrated Maven with Jenkins for the builds as the Continuous Integration process.
Effectively communicate the differences between Azure and on-site technologies and the. benefits of each type of deployment.
Designing and Implementing Cloud Orchestration Solution on AWS EC2.
Good exposure on Jenkins by creating pipelines for each main & dependency module and adding them as upstream/downstream using build pipelines view.
Good experience in Azure DevOps like maintaining repos, creating pipelines & releases, launching agents & maintaining agent pools etc.
Pretty good involvement Kubernetes like creating manifest files for deploying the applications, services, creating namespace, maintaining configmaps, secrets, scaling up and scaling down the pods based on the requirement etc.
Worked on web and app servers like Nginx, Tomcat on configuration and deployments.
Involved in setting up Kubernetes in Azure Kubernetes service (AKS) and setting up Kubernetes ingress layer setup.
Worked on various languages like Angular, Java & Python by taking care of CI/CD process for these.

Family Dollar Jan 2019 – Nov 2019
DevOps Engineer Charlotte, North Carolina
Providing infrastructure solutions based on AWS in a fast-paced, challenging, innovative company focused on reliability and customer service.
Decisive and effective quality and operations managers are skilled in leading cross-functional teams to meet customer quality and production demands with deadlines.
Research, endorse, and implement network enhancements improving system reliability and performance.
Involve in DevOps migration/automation processes for building and deploying systems.
Implement the build automation process for all the assigned projects in the vertical app’s domain monitors the UAT/production environments for any downtime issues by performing regular CRON job updates in servers.
Experienced in waterfall, ITIL, SDLC and agile methodologies.
Working with GitHub enterprise to manage source code repositories and performed branching, merging, and tagging depending on the requirement.
Developing git hooks for the local repository, code commit, and remote repository, code push functionality, and worked on the git hub.
Experience in working on version control systems like subversion, gits, and used source code management client tools like git bash, GitHub, and other command-line applications.
Configuration management using subversion (SVN) and maintaining admin-related files.

Pfizer Inc Aug 2017 – Nov 2018
DevOps & Cloud Engineer New York, New York
Worked as an individual contributor as DevOps & Cloud Engineer.
Involved in all the major tasks of setting up a new environment from scratch that includes Infra and application deployment work.
Taken care of setting up security in networking layer and managing the compute instances with proper load balancers configurations.
Reduced most of the regular and manual work like DB & Docker backups by using the Jenkins Pipelines with shell script and ansible both.
Also created the Pipeline for Cloning the DB from one tenancy to the different with just few clicks.
Created a Terraform script to provision the DB in OCI cloud
Automated the WebLogic Patches with just one command using the Oracle WebLogic Image Tool.
Took the responsibility of creating and managing the Docker files.
Changed the entire application deployment process to Kubernetes by writing proper manifest files and managing the traffic with Kubernetes nginx ingress configurations.
Involved with multiple teams to help them with the best practices for maintain the applications.
Extensive work experience with OCI cloud by configuring and managing all the resources.

Salliemae, Bank Jan 2016 – May 2017
DevOps Engineer Newark, Delaware
Migrated the current Linux environment to AWS /RHEL Linux environment and used auto-scaling feature and was Involved in Remediation and patching of Unix/Linux Servers.
Created AWS Route53 to route traffic between different regions
Configured AWS IAM and Security Group in Public and Private Subnets in VPC.
Used MySQL, DynamoDB, and ElastiCache to perform basic database administration.
Used GZIP with AWS CloudFront to forward compressed files to destination node/instances.
Build out server automation with Continuous Integration - Continuous Deployment tools like Jenkins/Maven for deployment and build management system.
Creating the automated build and deployment process for application, setup for better user experience, and leading up to the building. Setup/Managing Linux Servers on Amazon (EC2, EBS, ELB, SSL, Security Groups, RDS, and IAM).
Setup/Managed VPC, Subnets, make the connection between different zones, Blocking suspicious IP/subnet via ACL.

EDUCATION
Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu Nepal
Master’s Degree
Contact this candidate