Michael Olaopa
DevOps Engineer Platform Engineer Cloud Engineer RHSA SCM CKA Windows AWS Solution Architect BSc. 2x
E-mail: ad65hc@r.postjobfree.com Tel.: 306-***-****
LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/michael-olaopa-515403238

OBJECTIVE:
I am a DevOps, Cloud and System Engineer with extensive experience in managing, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, and On-Prem Infrastructures. Seeking a position where I can utilize my seven years of extensive working experience, knowledge and skills, supporting, automating, and optimizing application deployments. Building an automated CI/CD pipeline without forgoing security and performance, in an environment that encourages continuous learning, willing to try new ideas and new technology. I have managed resources in AWS, Azure, GCP and On-Prem.

HIGHLIGHTS OF SKILLS, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATION

Tool Chain:
Terraform, Ansible, Kubernetes, Helm, Docker Swarm, Docker, Jenkins, Apache httpd, Nginx, HAProxy, Tomcat, Wildfly/JBoss, Nexus, Maven, SonarQube, SCM, Git/GitHub, New Relic, Prometheus, Grafana, ELK/EFK, SVN, AWS CloudFormation, AWS EC2, AWS IAM, AWS CloudWatch, AWS ELB, AWS EBS, AWS EKS, AWS VPC.

EXPERIENCE, ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Senior DevOps Engineer, Dominion Systems 2017 – To Date
Software Configuration management (Automate CI & CD pipeline using Ansible, Nexus, Sonarqube, Maven, Jenkins, Terraform & GIT).
Automating AWS cloud deployments using Shell script, Jenkins and Ansible.
Implement and manage the continuous integration and continuous Deployment.
Perform Build activities using Maven and Jenkins tool.
Writing inventory and manifest files, ansible playbooks, terraform manifest files and k8s manifest files
Supported and developed tools for integration, automated testing and release management.
Experience with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker hub, and Docker registries, and configuring eks clusters using Terraform.
Used Helm to simplify code writing to handle complex application deployment integrated with Jenkins.
Created custom mode VPCs in AWS with multi-regional private and public subnets along with firewall rules to allow SSH, ICMP, and RDP ingress traffic.
Wrote terraform manifest yaml files to provision our infrastructure with eks clusters, ec2 instances, IAM roles, VPC’s, S3 bucket, and other resources on AWS.
Setup for Apache and Nginx webservers couple with AWS ELB SSL for all HTTP to HTTPS thereby maximizing security
Analyse and resolve conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Responsible for designing and deploying best SCM processes and procedures.
Working very closely with Developers and Build & Release team. We setup Jenkins server & slave nodes for build and release team as per request.
Performed package management, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, maintenance, and monitoring of applications using Prometheus and Grafana.
Created, managed, and administered user accounts security and SSH password-less login
Network configuration, troubleshoot issues with respect to network & configuration files.
Used Jira to track vulnerabilities, requests, incidents, and confluence for documentation.
Set quality gate policies on SonarQube for code coverages, to track bugs, vulnerabilities and failed the Jenkins pipeline when the threshold was not met.
Use Helm charts to deploy Prometheus and Grafana for monitoring.
Configured namespaces, ressource quotas for different enviroments. RBAC, HPA, CAS and Cluster RBAC.

Junior DevOps Engineer, Dominion Systems 2016 – 2017

Interacted with different development teams to provide support in deployment activities.
Implemented security best practices in AWS including multi-factor authentication, access key rotation, encryption using KMS, firewalls- security groups, RBAC and NACLs, S3 bucket policies and mitigating DDOS attacks, etc
Worked with multiple project managers from different vendors to understand the release plans and provided support according to their requirements.
For new applications, worked with development teams to get the requirements of application release process.
Analyse cloud infrastructures and recommend improvements for performance gains and cost-efficiency.
VPC peering with other accounts allowing access and routing to service and users of a separate accounts
Performed applications installation, upgrades/patches, troubleshooting, maintenance and monitoring of Linux servers.
Created AWS Lunch Templates based on customized AMI and used this lunch templates to configure auto-scaling groups.
Made use of Terraform for configuration, provision, and managing Infrastructure.
Responsible for building, managing, and optimizing Kubernetes deployments, volumes, and replicas in the entire software development lifecycle.
Proposed and implemented the migration from monolithic architecture to microservices.
I have configured continuous monitoring using NewRelic, Prometheus and Grafana
Used Kubernetes to automate the deployment, scaling and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts using replication controllers, services, deployments, labels and sanity health checks.
Building and configuring Kubernetes Clusters ensuring that nodes/pods can auto scale, communicate with each other and load balance.
Used Docker for containerization with Docker Swarm and Kubernetes for container orchestration.
Data Analytics and log management using EFK (Elasticsearch Filebeats and Kibana)
Configured and deployed highly available, scalable applications on AWS Cloud using EC2, RDS, S3, ELB, and Auto Scaling and monitored these applications with Cloud watch and Prometheus.
Created pods with the help of kubernetes and deployments into the cluster

Customer Service, Scotiabank Vaughan, Canada 2014 – 2016

Used software for complex tasks related to financial business and handled customer concerns, complains and other issues.
Created and maintained user/service accounts, passwords and profiles, home directories, initialization of files, group creation management.
Handled computerized accounting procedures for payroll, accounts payable & receivable and billing.
Installed and configured web/application Servers and enhancing security configuration
Performed variety of standard accounting practices & procedures such as auditing payroll data, vouchers, receipts and other financial documents to check for error

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATE

Information Technologies Master Program, (Canada)
Kubernetes Administrator (Certified)
AWS Solution Architect (Certified)
Certification in Microsoft
Computerized Accounting, Toronto, Canada
Bachelor of Science (BSc) Computer Science

A more extensive list of courses I have taken can be provided upon request
Contact this candidate