Kadam Bharath Kumar
ad69f2@r.postjobfree.com +91-767******* https://www.linkedin.com/in/kadam-bharath-kumar-971a04150 SUMMARY
Dynamic and results oriented AWS and DevOps Engineer with 3.7 Years of experience in designing,implementing, and maintaining AWS cloud solutions for various clients and automated CI/CD Pipelines. Proficient in managing AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, IAM, VPC, CloudWatch, and CloudFormation. Demonstrated ability to optimize cloud infrastructure for performance, security, and cost- efficiency.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Tata Consultancy Services Nov 2020 – Present
AWS and Devops Engineer
Designed and deployed scalable, fault-tolerant, and highly available AWS infrastructure using services like EC2, S3, RDS, and VPC.
I have created S3 buckets and effectively managed and utilized the policy settings for those buckets.
Managed IAM policies, roles, and user permissions to ensure secure access control across AWS resources.
Configured and monitored performance metrics, logs, and alarms using CloudWatch for proactive management of AWS environments.
Optimized AWS resources and costs by implementing auto-scaling, reserved instances, and cost allocation tags.
Implemented and maintained CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, to automate build, test, and deployment processes.
Utilized Git for version control, merging code changes, creating branches and tags, controlling user access, performing backups, and maintaining webhook scripts for automation.
Collaborated with development and QA teams to streamline release management processes, resulting in shorter release cycles and improved software quality..
Developed and maintained Jenkins scripts for deploying OnPrem servers, ensuring consistency and reliability across environments.
Collaborated with developers, testers, and clients to deliver major releases, ensuring high-quality software and customer satisfaction.
Containerized applications using Docker and orchestrated containerized workloads with Kubernetes for scalability and resilience.
SKILLS
AWS Services (EC2, S3, RDS, IAM, VPC, CloudWatch, CloudFormation), Monitoring & Logging(CloudWatch, ELK Stack), Security & Compliance (IAM Policies, Security Groups, Encryption), CI/CD Tools (Jenkins), Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) EDUCATION
Vignan’s Foundation for Science,Technology and Research June 2020 Electronics and Communication Engineering Guntur,India
Contact this candidate