Kiran Peddi
DevOps Cloud Engineer M: +1-929-***-**** E: ad6bwr@r.postjobfree.com L: www.linkedin.com/in/kiranp02 Visa: Green Card (No Sponsorship Required)

SUMMARY:
I'm a Certified Cloud Solution Architect with expertise in Azure, GCP, and AWS DevOps engineer. Skilled in CI/CD, Configuration Management, VCS, Containerization, IaC, and deployment automation. Committed to optimizing efficiency, scalability, and aligning cloud solutions with business objectives. Experienced DevOps Cloud Engineer adept at deploying applications across development and production environments. Proficient in designing, building, maintaining, migrating, and troubleshooting complex server setups. Collaborates effectively with applications, network, and systems teams to resolve issues. Enthusiastic about applying for this position, as it aligns perfectly with my skills and aspirations.
Around 10 years of experience in Information Technology, I specialize in Infrastructure Management, Automation, Software Configuration Management, Version Control, DevOps/Build and Release Management, Linux System Administration, and Monitoring
Expertise in creating Build and Release strategy and setting up the build, deployment pipelines from Development to Production environments with different CI tools.
Worked in setting up infra in AWS cloud using popular services like EC2, EBS, ELB, Auto scaling S3 bucket, VPC,
Subnetting, Security Groups, AWS RDS, AWS code commit, code deploy, EMR, Airﬂow, Glue, Cloud watch, cloud Trail, System Manager, Secret Manager, Parameter Store, Cloud Formation, Lambda functions, API Gateway, IAM, Route 53, ECS and EKS.
Worked on Automation, delivering SAAS products sourcing from IAAS/PAAS.
Experienced with Ansible Configuration Management Tool for Infrastructure Automation and Deployment Automation.
Ansible Automation in creating the environment, configuring, and deploying the Product using most of the AWS modules for infrastructure and deployment related modules.
Created Playbooks for infrastructure on AWS and Ansible roles for each and every application related component, thereby ensured plug and play model and reusability.
Designed and implemented infrastructure as code using Terraform to provision and manage cloud resources and services on AWS.
Implemented EMR service for data pipelines and integrated with Kafka and Databases.
Implemented Micro service architecture i.e Docker for few applications and configured the services in the AWS ECS and EKS.
Automated DevOps Tasks with Python code, for recurring issues and mitigated them. Developed custom functions for application integrations.
Managed Docker Container Orchestration using Kubernetes. Implemented Kubernetes to orchestrate docker containerization and handled the deployment, scaling and management of Containers.
Worked on managing and integrating code Quality tools SonarQube and Sonatype IQ Server, managed sonar rules, Quality Gates for SonarQube and created the rules for Sonatype for scanning libraries, vulnerabilities in code.
Implemented and Administered Jenkins CICD, setting up/Upgrading Jenkins, creating Jobs, integrating with diﬀerent applications using Jenkins plugins and configuring the Jenkins build deployment as Pipeline which is maintained Conﬁguration as Code.
Hands on experience in using various DevOps tools like Jenkins, GOCD, Gitlab CI, Maven, Gradle, GIT, GitHub, Bit Bucket, ELK Stack, Nexus, JFROG Artifactory, AppDynamics, Sumologic, NewRelic and SonarQube etc.
Ability to develop Shell scripts for the administrative task’s automation.
Worked on SCM tools GIT, SVN, Rational Team Concert, Rational ClearCase.
Experience with migrating code base from SVN to GIT.
Implemented and maintained security measures to protect against cyber threats and ensured compliance with security standards
Provisioned and worked with Relational Databases like Oracle, MySQL, Aurora, Postgres, and Non-relational Databases like DynamoDB and MongoDB.
Supported on call rotation and handled all Production Incidents efficiently and extensively used PagerDuty and Service now tools for incident management and for scheduled deployments.
Implemented Splunk for application log. Metrics and for tracing application routes.
Implemented Atlassian stack like Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo, conﬂuence as part of Agile software lifecycle management and

integrated them together and responsible for Maintenance and Administration.
Excellent Team Player with Strong Interpersonal and communication skills.
Capable of handling deadlines, taking ownership of tasks and multi-tasking.
As a quick learner, possess a strong understanding capability, open to and capable of switching to other domain or functional areas and would acquire required skill sets within a limited time frame.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Tools/Technologies

Operating Systems
UNIX, LINUX (Ubuntu, CentOS, RHEL, Red Hat), Mac OS, Windows Server
Scripting and Programming Languages
Shell, Bash, Python, YAML, JSON, PowerShell,
Ruby, Groovy, Go

Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
Ansible, Terraform, CloudFormation,
Azure Resource Manager (ARM), Google Cloud Deployment Manager
Web/App Servers
Apache, Tomcat, WebLogic
Source Control Tools
Subversion, Git, GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket
Building Tools
Jenkins, GOCD, Concourse CI, GitLab CI/CD
Deployment Tools
Jenkins, Ansible, Shell, Code Deploy, Ansible Tower, Puppet Enterprise, Chef Automate, Jenkins Pipeline
Documentation
Atlassian Conﬂuence

Cloud Computing Platforms
Amazon Web Services (AWS - EC2, IAM, S3, Lambda, CloudFormation), Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), OpenStack

Containerization and Orchestration
Docker, Kubernetes, Amazon ECS,
Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
Configuration Management Tools
Ansible, Puppet, Chef, SaltStack
Continuous Integration/Deployment (CI/CD)
Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, CircleCI

Monitoring and Logging
Prometheus, Grafana,
ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana), Splunk, Datadog

Security Tools and Practices
DevSecOps, AWS IAM,
Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), HashiCorp Vault
Networking and Protocols
TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP/HTTPS, SSL/TLS, VPN, VPC, CDN
Database Technologies
MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MariaDB, DynamoDB, MongoDB, Cassandra, SQL Server
Continuous Monitoring and Alerting
AWS CloudWatch, Azure Monitor,
Google Cloud Monitoring, New Relic, Nagios
Infrastructure Monitoring
Nagios, Zabbix, Prometheus, Grafana, Dynatrace
Log Management
ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana), Splunk, Sumo Logic
Collaboration Tools
Jira, Confluence, Slack, Microsoft Teams

Container Registries
Docker Hub, Amazon ECR, Google Container Registry (GCR),
Azure Container Registry (ACR)
Serverless Computing
AWS Lambda, Azure Functions,
Google Cloud Functions
Development Tools
Git, GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, JFrog Artifactory
Virtualization Technologies
VMware, VirtualBox, Vagrant

PROFESSIONAL EXPERINCE:
SR. AWS DevOps Engineer/Cloud Infrastructure Engineer
Clario, Philadelphia, PA September 2021 – Present
Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in development and implementation of one of the complicated and vast on-premises applications to Amazon Web Services.
Implemented AWS Services - EC2, EBS, ELB, Auto scaling, S3 bucket, VPC, Subnetting, Security Groups, AWS RDS, AWS code
commit, code deploy, Cloud watch, cloud Trail, System Manager, Secret Manager, Parameter Store, Cloud Formation, Lambda functions, API Gateway, IAM, Route 53, ECS, EKS, EMR, ACM, IAM, Firewall Manager, VPC Peering, NAT Gateways, Route Tables, Internet Gateways, Service Endpoint, Interface Endpoint and EMR.
Implemented a continuous deployment (CD) pipeline involving Jenkins, Ansible to complete the automation from every
commit to deployment as part of CICD setup.
Implemented Terraform as IAC, with multiple modules for AWS services.
Handled all the weekly and daily releases with proper release management process, with coordinating multiple cross teams where all the change Requests are handled through ServiceNow tool.
Implemented micro service architecture and integrated with Lambda functions.
Configured serverless architecture solutions utilizing AWS Lambda functions
Developed Lambda functions, for DevOps tasks and for application integrations
Administered Atlassian Stack with toolset including Jira, Bamboo, Bitbucket and confluence and integrated them.
Automated configuration management and deployments using Ansible playbooks and yaml for resource declaration. And creating roles and updating Playbooks to provision servers by using Ansible.
Written Ansible Playbooks to setup Continuous Delivery Pipeline for deploying micro services and Ansible roles for installing Tomcat, JBoss, Apache and many more.
Used Ansible, Playbooks, roles, jinja templates, run list to deploy web applications, applications server, and vendor
applications.
Responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery process implementation, using Jenkins and Gitlab-CI.
Implemented CICD Pipelines with Source Code management tools like GitHub, Bitbucket.
Setup gitlab-ci pipelines from scratch for dependent libraries and projects.
Architected Pipelines in Gitlab-ci, Jenkins and maintained them.
Responsible for all aspects of release management planning and execution of application maintenance windows
Develop and track comprehensive deployment plan, runbook, and validation scenarios to completion for all major deployments.
Experience with Branching, Tagging, and Release Activities on VersionControl tools.
Managed release branches and trigger CI/CD pipeline builds and deployments for multiple applications.
Maintain environment and application stability through builds and deployment for all stakeholders.
Diagnose and troubleshoot build and deployment issues, would suggest improvements, technical solutions to stakeholders.
Worked with developers, quality assurance and other stakeholders to ensure environments are validated and stable upon builds.
Implemented Continuous delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins, and GitHub.
Review the current release management landscape and make appropriate recommendations.
Experience working with various SQL, NoSQL Databases.
Extensively used splunk for logging, alerting and monitoring.
Worked on creation of Docker containers and Docker console for managing the application life cycle.
Converted numerous existing Java projects to a single deployment method using Dockerization with ECS and EKS.
Configured the Docker containers and created Docker files for various applications.
Utilized Kubernetes for the container runtime environment in the CI/CD system to build, test and deploy.
Configured and orchestrated ECS Fargate container solutions leveraged build tools and clusters, and configured ECR Registry.
Used EKS to deploy Docker containers into Pod Clusters on multiple Nodes in QA, Test and Production Environments.
Coordinated with the Oﬀshore and Onshore teams for Production Releases.
Worked on new relic dashboards, configured alarms, metrics like database loads, application monitoring and implemented customized drop wizard metrics to monitor API level transactions and Infrastructure Management.
Handled incident management with PAGERDUTY as part of on call activity and ensured proper RCA analysis with Problem
ticket.

Environment: AWS (VPC, EC2, EBS, ELB, Auto Scaling, S3, RDS, Lambda, API Gateway, IAM, Route 53, ECS, EKS, EMR, ACM, Firewall Manager, VPC Peering, NAT Gateways, Route Tables, Internet Gateways, Service Endpoint, Interface Endpoint), Docker, Kubernetes, GIT, Subversion, Jenkins, Ansible, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, Systems Manager, Secret Manager, Parameter Store, CloudFormation, Atlassian Stack (Jira, Bamboo, Bitbucket, Confluence), Splunk, New Relic, Sumo Logic, PagerDuty

DevOps Engineer/ Site Reliability Engineer
Comcast, West Chester, PA February 2018 - August 2021
Roles and Responsibilities:
Designed, configured, and managed public/private cloud infrastructures using Amazon Web Services (AWS), which includes VPC, EC2, S3, CloudFront, CloudWatch, ELB, SNS, SQS, Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk and EC2 Systems Manager.
Build customized Amazon Machine Images (AMI), deploy AMIs to multiple regions and launch EC2 instances using these custom images.
Configured AWS Security Groups which acts as a virtual firewall that controls the traffic for one or more AWS EC2 instances.
Experience with secure-cloud configuration (Cloud Trail, AWS Config), networking services (VPC, Security Groups, VPN etc.) and created roles (IAM).
Experience with AWS CloudFront, including creating and managing distributions to provide access to S3 Bucket or HTTP server running on EC2 instances.
Implemented Ansible Playbooks using YAML script for various Linux roles like Http, apache, Redis & common Linux services like apt, yum, syslog and application deployments.
Implemented Kubernetes and Docker for the CI/CD system to build, test, and deploy.
Installation and configuration of Splunk product across diﬀerent environments.
Created an on-prem CI/CD solution using Jenkins and the Pipeline plugin which uses pipeline as code.
Implemented CI/CD with AWS stack including AWS code commit, code build, and code deploy.
Handled installation, administration, and configuration of ELK stack on AWS and performed Log Analysis.
Built scripts on AWS cloud for scheduling EC2 Auto Scaling load balancer with python Boto.
Used Splunk to monitor application, hardware performance and installed Signal Sciences agents in Application servers to scan application's security.
Automated the build and release management process including monitoring changes between releases.
Documented the entire build and release process and provided support.
Developed maintained and distributed release notes for each scheduled release.
Provided periodic feedback on the status and scheduling issues to the management. To keep track of all releases and requests of the developers through infrastructure management tools.
Automate provisioning and repetitive tasks using Terraform and Python, Docker container, Service Orchestration.
Managed internal deployments of monitoring and alarm services for the Azure Infrastructure (OMS).
Prepared capacity and architecture plan to create the Azure Cloud environment to host migrated IaaS VMs and PaaS role instances for refactored applications and databases.
Deployed micro services, including provisioning AZURE environment.
Providing 24/7 support for on-call on Azure configuration and Performance issues.
Extensively worked on ansible deployments, written various ansible playbooks with multiple roles, tasks with loops, templates, service management, host variables, group variables etc.
Used Ansible to manage Web applications, Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.
Responsible for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery process implementation using Jenkins along with Python and Shell scripts to automate routine jobs.
Deploying application using Jenkins server and Troubleshoot build and release job failures, resolve, work with engineers on
resolution.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks with Python, SSH as the Wrapper to Manage Configurations of Azure Nodes and Test Playbooks on AWS instances using Python, run Ansible Scripts to provision development servers.
Environment: AWS (VPC, EC2, S3, CloudFront, CloudWatch, ELB, SNS, SQS, Lambda, EC2 Systems Manager), Azure, Docker, Kubernetes, GIT, Subversion, Jenkins, AWS code Commit, AWS Code Build, AWS Code Deploy, Terraform, Ansible, Splunk, ELK Stack, Python (including Boto), Shell scripting.
DevOps Engineer/AWS Engineer
JPMorgan Chase, Westerville, OH May 2016 - January 2018
Roles and Responsibilities:
Administered and Maintained Source Code Repositories including GIT, Subversion.
Supported concurrent development process with standard Branching and Merge of application source code.
Created and maintained several build definitions and published profiles to handle automated builds in an Agile/SCRUM environment.
Built application and database servers using AWS EC2 and created AMI’s as well as used Oracle RDS DB.
Coordinated software application and database deployments across several environments and provided feedback and training to other full-time release engineering staﬀ for production releases during oﬀ hours.
Developed custom automation build system using Hudson and TFS Build on Team Foundation Server.
Completed set up of CD environment with focus on urban code uDeploy.
Set up udeploy server along with automated scripts to back up the server and restore from backup for Disaster recovery.
Implemented automation tools such as Puppet and DevOps.
Wrote Puppet Recipes for automated Udeploy agent installs/updates, Udeploy agent relays install/up- date and configuring the same with the Udeploy server.
Fast-provisioning and configuration management for Ubuntu using Cloud Formation and Puppet on Amazon Web
Services.
Developed custom automation build system using Hudson and TFS Build on Team Foundation Server.
Completed set up of CD environment with focus on urban code uDeploy.
Set up udeploy server along with automated scripts to back up the server and restore from backup for Disaster recovery.
Implemented automation tools such as Puppet and DevOps.
Wrote Puppet Recipes for automated Udeploy agent installs/updates, Udeploy agent relays install/up- date and configuring the same with the Udeploy server.
Fast-provisioning and configuration management for Ubuntu using Cloud Formation and Puppet on Amazon Web Services.
Used Puppet to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Database Commands and Packages.
Designed and implemented fully automated server build, management, monitoring, and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins Nodes/Agent, Puppet, Android, VMware and Amazon EC2.
Used Puppet to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Database Commands and Packages.
Developed strategies, and contracts for validation of deployments and automated rollbacks in Udeploy.
Designed and implemented fully automated server build, management, monitoring, and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins Nodes/Agent, Puppet, Android, VMware and Amazon EC2.
Built and managed a large deployment of Ubuntu Linux instances systems with puppet Automation.
Wrote Puppet manifests, shell scripts, and monitoring checks.
Environment: AWS EC2, Oracle RDS, CloudFormation, Ubuntu Linux, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Team Foundation Server (TFS), Agile/SCRUM, GIT, Subversion, Hudson, TFS Build, Jenkins, UrbanCode Deploy (uDeploy), Puppet, Puppet Recipes, Shell Scripts, CloudFormation, VMware, Jenkins Nodes/Agent, Oracle RDS, MySQL, Jira, Bitbucket.
DevOps Engineer/Build and Release Engineer
FedEx, Orlando, FL September 2015 - April 2016
Role Description:
Administered and Maintained Source Code Repositories including GIT, Subversion.
Supported concurrent development process with standard Branching and Merge of application source code.
Created and maintained several build definitions and published profiles to handle automated builds in an Agile/SCRUM environment.
Built application and database servers using AWS EC2 and created AMI’s as well as used Oracle RDS DB.
Coordinated software application and database deployments across several environments and provided feedback and training to other full-time release engineering staﬀ for production releases during oﬀ hours.
Developed custom automation build system using Hudson and TFS Build on Team Foundation Server.
Completed set up of CD environment with focus on urban code uDeploy.
Set up udeploy server along with automated scripts to back up the server and restore from backup for Disaster recovery.
Implemented automation tools such as Puppet and DevOps.
Wrote Puppet Recipes for automated Udeploy agent installs/updates, Udeploy agent relays install/up- date and configuring the same with the Udeploy server.
Fast-provisioning and configuration management for Ubuntu using Cloud Formation and Puppet on Amazon Web Services.
Used Puppet to manage Web Applications, Config Files, Database Commands and Packages.
Developed strategies, and contracts for validation of deployments and automated rollbacks in Udeploy.
Designed and implemented fully automated server build, management, monitoring, and deployment solutions spanning multiple platforms, tools and technologies including Jenkins Nodes/Agent, Puppet, Android, VMware and Amazon EC2.
Built and managed a large deployment of Ubuntu Linux instances systems with puppet Automation.
Wrote Puppet manifests, shell scripts, and monitoring checks.

Environment: Java, ANT, Puppet, Windows/Linux, SVN, TFS, Jenkins, TFS, Web Sphere 6.1.1, PowerShell, Perl Scripts, ShellScripts, Unix/ Linux environment.

Jr. Linux /UNIX Administrator/Build Engineer
Genpact Bangalore, India July 2013 - August 2014
Roles and Responsibilities:
Involved in the application software development life cycle.
Handled Linux server provisioning, Patching and Administration with VMWare.
Worked on VMware to launch RHEL virtual machines and spinning instances.
Wrote SQL scripts to query the MYSQL database for CRUD operations.
Worked on build setup with SVN as version control system for code release process.
Triaged issues with VM servers and automated with Shell scripts wherever applicable
Have set up Nagios and Zabbix for Infrastructure Monitoring.
Installed and configured Apache web server and MYSQL database.
Worked closely with various teams in the phases of the SDLC and assisted them.
Documented the whole application development process, resolving issues, errors and bugs.
Administered Application support tools like Jira, Bitbucket, HPQC, HP ALM, Silkcenter.
Involved in developing and implementation of the web application using Python and PHP.
Test-driven development with jasmine (for javascript) and achieving 100% test coverage.
Hands-on experience using GitHub, VMWare, Vagrant, Git and deployment using Heroku.
Technically proficient in module development and upgrades based on organizational needs.
Developed many features for dashboard using Python, Bootstrap, CSS and JavaScript.
Enhanced web applications with new features, bug fix, test coverage, and better performance.
Environment: Linux (RHEL), VMware, SVN, MySQL, Shell scripting, Python, PHP, Apache, Nagios, Zabbix, Jira, Bitbucket, HPQC, HP ALM, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript.
EDUCATION
Master’s in electrical and Electronics Engineering August 2014 to December 2015
University of Hartford, West Hartford, CT, U.S.
Bachelor of Science in Electronics and communication Engineering June 2009 to May 2013
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India.
Contact this candidate