Saif Ahmed Mohammed
https://www.linkedin.com/in/saif-a-mohammed-87a3a51b5/ +1-303-***-**** ad6cft@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION
M.S. Information Technology and Management Aug 2024 University of Colorado, Denver, CO 3.6 GPA Bachelors of Electronics and Communication Engineering Jun 2021 Gokaraju Rangaraj Institute of Engineering and Technology, Hyderabad. 7.7 GPA
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, Bash, Shell Scripting, SQL, YAML, XML
Technologies: CI/CD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Development, Pipeline, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Apache Tomcat, Nexus, AWS, Cloud Computing, Linux, SonarQube, Apache Maven, Ansible, Prometheus, Git/GitHub, Code Fresh, Selenium, Jira, OpenShift, GitLab, Scrum, Helm, Project Management.
Skills: System Integration, Agile Methodologies, Infrastructure Management, DevOps Toolchains, Continuous Delivery, Security, Software Testing, Version Control, Time Management, Leadership, Teamwork, Problem-solving, Resilient, Critical Thinking, Adaptability, Testing and Communication.
EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engineer, Larsen, and Toubro Infotech. Jan 2021- Dec 2022
● Enhanced CI/CD pipelines with Jenkins, slashing errors by 30% and enhancing production.
● Reengineered AWS infrastructure through serverless architectures and comprehensive cost analysis, achieved a 15% reduction in operational expenses, saving $50,000 annually.
● Orchestrated Infrastructure as Code using Terraform, reducing the manual provisioning time by 15% and improving deployment consistency across 30+ production environments.
● Implemented deployment of 15 Docker images across 3 diverse environments.
● Automated environment provisioning and deployment tasks with Ansible Playbooks, reducing 10% manual effort.
Junior Cloud Intern, Cloud That Solutions. 07/2020 - 01/2021
● Collaborated with development teams to delineate and execute infrastructure prerequisites, enhancing synergy and efficacy in project delivery.
● Engineered a monitoring solution to capture metrics from applications and critical infrastructure components, driving a 30% enhancement in data visibility and system performance.
● Spearheaded Practical expertise with AWS, encompassing EC2 instance oversight, Autoscaling for initiating EC2 instances, Elastic Load Balancer setup, Elastic Block storage administration, and proficiency in Virtual Private Cloud.
CERTIFICATIONS
1. AWS Cloud Practitioner 2. AWS Solution Architect Associate 3. CI/CD Certification

PROJECTS
Netflix clone Deployment Dec 2023
● Deployment of Netflix Clone with Jenkins, configuring EC2, Docker, SonarQube, and Trivy, and establishing CI/CD pipeline for automated deployment and security scanning.
● Kubernetes cluster setup with Prometheus for monitoring and executed cleanup by terminating redundant EC2 instances.
Cloud Native Monitoring App Feb 2023
● Developed and deployed a cloud-native web voting app on EKS with Kubernetes, comprising the Go backend, MongoDB replica set, and React frontend.
● Leveraged Kubernetes resources for efficient management, implementing secure deployment with secrets management.
Automated Web Development Environment Sept 2022
● Automated web development environment on RHEL-8, integrating Git/GitHub, Jenkins, and an Apache HTTP server. GitHub triggers webhooks to notify Jenkins of any commits, automating the deployment of the website to the Apache HTTP server managed by Jenkins. DevOps Engineer, What you can expect. We are looking for a DevOps engineer in the West Coast, Mountain, or Central time Zone to support Zoom Meeting Ops. This person will own the deployment of new features on Zoom Phone, and monitor and troubleshoot production issues. Zoom's engineering team, consisting of eight departments, creates innovative communication solutions. They push the boundaries of communication technology to unite people despite physical distance. In particular, the Meeting Ops team is a small but mighty team that supports services on the Zoom platform. Have proficiency with Python and Shell scripting Have proficiency with cloud computing platforms like Amazon AWS, EC2, EKS, S3, DynamoDB, and ElasticCache. Have experience in troubleshooting and resolving technical issues. Be able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks in a rapidly moving environment. Have proficiency with Ansible and Terraform automation tools. Have experience installing, configuring, and monitoring Linux system administration skills. Have experience with performance tuning and debugging scalability issues of real-time servers and applications. Have a good understanding of Docker/Kubernetes/Container Services administration. AWS Elasticsearch / Kafka / Lambda. Google Cloud or Azure experience a plus, collaboration.
Contact this candidate