Komatreddy Ravalika

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

DevOps Engineer with 6 years of experience in System Administration, Linux Administration and Automation tools. Seeking to leverage Continuous Build and Release Management, Configuration Management, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Cloud provisioning. Passionate Computer Professional with good communication and leadership skills with Azure & AWS.
Experience in developing applications using SDLC methodologies like Waterfall, Agile (TDD, SCRUM) and Test-Driven Development.
Extensive knowledge on CI (Continuous Integration) and CD (Continuous Deployment) methodologies.
Expert in DevOps, production engineering, operations and automation
Expert in designing highly scalable solutions on cloud platforms
Expert in Infrastructure as Service
Having hands on experience in CD/CI
Having excellent experience in managing systems running on Linux platforms
Having excellent experience Public & Private Cloud
Having hands on experience in Storage & Backup Management on Cloud and offline
Used version controller tools like Tortoise Subversion (SVN), CVS and Git.
Have extensive experience working on Windows, Linux, and UNIX Operating Systems.
Ability to work effectively in cross-functional team environments and experience of providing training to business users.
Good understanding of Business workflow, Business logic and Business methods for further implementation of user requirement in a distributed application environment.

EDUCATION:

Degree: Bachelor’s Degree
Majors: Electronics and Communication Engineering
University: Jawaharlal Nehru Technology University, Hyderabad, India.
Degree: Master’s Degree In 2017
Majors: Computer Science
University: University of Central Missouri, Warrensburg MO, USA

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems
Linux (RHEL 5/6/7), CENTOS, Ubuntu, WIN 2003/ 2008/ XP
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA
Build/Automation Tools
Puppet, Chef, Ant, Maven, Ansible, Jenkins, Hudson & Bamboo, DynaTrace, Splunk,Docker, Kubernetes
Scripting Languages
UNIX Shell Scripting (bash),
Networking
TCP/IP, NIS, NFS, DNS, DHCP, WAN, SNMP, SMTP, HTTP, LAN, FTP/TFTP, SCP, F5 (GTM/LTM).
Web/Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, WebSphere Application Server, JBoss, Grafana
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA and IBM Clear Quest.
Repositories
Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Nexus, AWS ECR
Monitoring Tool
Nagios
Ticketing & Monitoring Tools
AppDynamics, Service Now,
Web Programming
Servlets, JDBC, JSP, XML, HTML, Java Script, Java/J2EE,, Perl scripting
Cloud Platforms
EC2, ELB, VPC, SNS, SQS, SWF, ECS, RDS, IAM, Cloud Formation, S3,Cloud watch, EBS, AWS.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Client: Premera BCBS Dec 2021 to Present
Role: Sr. DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Interacted with the client business analysts, System analysts and functional teams to review and understand the requirements. Assess and perform systems utilization and headroom reports to assist in troubleshooting and performance tuning.
Actively manage existing pipelines and make changes as per the requirement of the developers.
Automated build and deployment using Jenkins.
Worked on google cloud platform (GCP) services like compute engine, cloud load balancing, cloud storage, cloud SQL, stack driver monitoring and cloud deployment manager.
Create modules of the D2C system. This will be followed by planning and working with the development team by advanced coding.
Developed Windows Power shell script automate setting of user credentials and activation of Windows.
Created and configured AWS EC2 instances using preconfigured templates such as AMI, RHEL, Centos, Ubuntu as well as used corporate based VM images which includes complete packages to run build and test in those EC2 Instances.
Designing and implementing B2B integration solutions using IBM Sterling B2B Integrator.
Used Jenkins for Automating Builds and Automating Deployments.
Deploying the pipeline generated docker images to the Azure container repositories.
Experience in adding the users with appropriate roles and accesses.
Maintaining and installing internal environments of the company.
Complete deployment and Server management based on the products of the company.
Upgrading the products of the company in servers.
Configuring and optimizing B2B communication protocols such as AS2, SFTP, FTPS, and HTTP/S.
Working on the three-tier Environment servers (Web, App and Database servers).
Working on creating Key Vault, and Application Services.
Experience in creating Kubernetes Clusters for the Environments.
Creating tools to automate upgrade and install procedure of the products of the company.
Automating the processes in the company using PowerShell scripting.
Automating the daily tasks using PowerShell.
experience setting up alerting rules in Grafana to monitor metrics and receive notifications when predefined thresholds are met. Provide examples of alerting configurations you've implemented and how they helped in proactive system monitoring.
Configure, Administer, Maintain Bitbucket Jenkins Artifactory Java Maven DockerSonarqubeAnsible Shell Spark Kafka Groovy.
Troubleshoot and performance tune Web/Application servers: Apache, Tomcat, Weblogic,Websphere, WebMethods, and IIS.
Implemented and configured Logstash as a data pipeline tool to ingest, transform, and enrich log data from diverse sources such as servers, applications, and network devices.
Implemented a centralized log management solution using Logstash, Elasticsearch, and Kibana, reducing time spent on log analysis and troubleshooting
Write shell scripts to automate deployment
Focused on automation and integration.
Experience in build and deployment automation of Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Implementing and sharing new technologies to other areas of the company.
Pertaining more knowledge on new automation technologies and implementing those technologies to automate the processes in the company.
Created resources using Terraform modules and automated infrastructure management.

Environment:Jenkins, AWS EC2, Splunk, Jira Core/Enterprise Administration, Atlassian Administration, Dynatrace, Splunk, PowerShell, Bash, Python, PowerShell,GCP,Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu Debian, Mobaxterm, Artifactory, SVN,Kibana, Logstash,Bitbucket,Grafana, B2B, Shell scripting, Vault,Confluence Administration Sonarqube, Nexus, Aws, Linux, Docker.

Client: NCR, Atlanta GA Aug 2019- NOV 2021
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Working with an Agile development team to deliver an end to end continuous integration/continuous delivery product in an open source environment using puppet to get the job done.
Develop proofs-of-concept of platform offerings from the above to pilot with development and application teams.
Experience on Middleware integrations with Workday Configuration will be preferred
Worked with the Shared Services teams (infrastructure, configuration management, DBA, etc.) to mature proofs-of-concept into fully-realized platform offerings.
Automated the build and release management process including monitoring changes between releases.
Built S3 buckets and managed policies for S3 buckets and used S3 bucket and Glacier for storage and backup on AWS. Implemented AWS Code Pipeline and Created Cloud formation JSON templates in Terraform for infrastructure as code.
Involved in maintaining the reliability, availability, and performance of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances.
strategize with fellow SREs and other engineering teams on complex problems, and make decisions and recommendations about systems improvements after analyzing possible courses of conduct
Experience with MuleSoft MMC and Enterprise release capabilities
Worked with Ansible for automating AWS FarGate, VPCs, ELBs, security groups, SQS queues, S3 buckets, and continuing to replace the rest of our infrastructure.
Implemented Infrastructure on new AWS systems and migration of existing Linux and Windows-based Infrastructure to AWS and Azure Cloud platforms and automated using Terraform Templates.
Created functions and assigned roles in AWS Lambda to run python scripts, and AWS Lambda using java to perform event driven processing.
Design, build, and deliver cloud computing solutions, hosted services, and underlying software infrastructure.
Work independently across multiple platforms and applications to understand dependencies.
Responsible for automated installation of Puppet Enterprise 3.7,5.5 and configuring Puppet Master and Puppet Agents ( Linux Env).
Communicate effectively with fellow SREs and other engineering teams, and describe problems succinctly with sufficient detail that you can hand-off an ongoing problem to another team or a peer for completion
Responsible for automated installation of Software such as Java, Elastic Search, Cassandra in puppet master and puppet agents using puppet scripts.
Container scheduling/orchestration platforms.
Worked on creation of puppet manifest files to manage configuration files for multiple applications.
Support and troubleshoot scalability, high availability, performance, monitoring, backup and restores of different environments.
Verified whether the methods used to create and recreate software builds are reliable and repeatable.

Environment: Java8.0, JUnit, Git, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Bamboo, Sonarqube, TFS, CentOS, Debian, Docker, Nexus, AWS EC2, Azure, Ansible, Lambda, Active Directory, Elastic Search, Jenkins, Shell Scripting, Python, Intellij IDEA, AngularJS, Spring Boot, Stash, Maven, Jama, Gradle, Sonarqube, Kubernetes, Docker, Java8, Artifactory, Terraform, Azure, Puppet, Coverity.

Client: Thales Avionics, FL Nov 2017 to Jul 2019
Role: DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Involved in defining, documenting, negotiating and maintaining Product/Application Release Roadmap.
Culpable for all aspects of regular (planned) and emergency patch releases.
Production of Application Release Plan (Release Scope Planning & defining Milestones).
Work with Security division to design and manage IAM roles for users, vendors and other third party vendors
Implementation of SQL server logins, Roles and Authentication modes as a part of security policies.
Designed and deployed custom Logstash pipelines to process and analyze application logs, improving visibility into application performance and user behavior.
Created interactive Kibana dashboards for real-time monitoring of system metrics, enhancing operational efficiency and reducing downtime incidents.
integration/continuous delivery product in an open source environment using Run deck and Jenkins to get the job done.
Plan & oversee the creation of new environments as per the Project’s needs & work with the Infrastructure team to plan the Maintenance Activities.
Worked with various AWS services like EC2, EBS, S3, VPC, Auto Scaling, Cloud
Formation etc.
Worked in managing VMs in Amazon using AWS EC2 and maintaining the build artifact
backups and moved to Amazon S3 buckets.
Created Jenkins pipelines involving several Downstream/Upstream job configurations basedon dependencies from other applications &amp, based on Release methodologies.
Expertise in the Jenkins plugin management areas and implemented several CI / CD pluginlike build pipeline, git, junit and pipeline plugins.
Involved in administration and setup of various High Availability clusters on Linux & Solaris servers using VCS 4.1 and Red Hat Cluster Suite.
Implemented AWS Elastic Container Service (ECS) scheduler to automate application deployment in the cloud using Docker Automation techniques
Fixed defects in the existing application on Core Java, Angular Js, Spring boot andMockito.
Implementation of SQL server logins, Roles and Authentication modes as a part of security policies.
Automated the cloud deployments using Puppet, Python and AWS Cloud Formation Templates.
Developed microservice on boarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Managed Kubernetes charts using Helm. Created reproducible builds of the Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files and Managed releases of Helm packages.

Environment: Java8.0, IBM RAD, Spring 4.0, JUnit, Redhat, Windows10, AWS Lambda, EC2, Debian, Kubernetes, Docker, Maven, Gradle, Ant, Terraform, Puppet, Splunk, Nagios, Azure, ECS, Java8, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, SoapUI, GIT, Kibana,Logstash,JBoss, Maven, Unix, PL/SQL, Bamboo, Jenkins, Sonar, Jama, Artifactory, Nexus.
Contact this candidate