Babar Pervez
Fulshear Texas
713-***-****
Email: ad6j0g@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
An experienced professional in cloud engineering, high leadership skills working with people and teams. Strengths in R&D, planning and implementation. Ability to set and meet project deadlines using Agile SDLC methodologies, assigning responsibilities and monitoring project progress. Expert in evaluating and recommending changes to current and future tech solutions requirements to meet cost effective organizational needs. TOP SKILLS
Cloud Engineering, ERP Implementation, IT Product Management, IT Procurement & Fulfillment, Research and Analysis, Presenter.
EXPERIENCE
TD Securities
Azure DevOps Engineer July 2023- Present
● Worked on Azure Kubernetes Service to deploy a managed Kubernetes cluster in Azure and created an AKS cluster in the Azure portal, with the Azure CLI, also used template-driven deployment options such as Resource Manager Templates and Terraform.
● Collaborating with developers in our Azure engineering team and lines of business to implement and continuously improve the framework and tools to support self-service automation of the platform.
● Involved in migrating source code repository from Bitbucket to GitHub Enterprise.
● Developing Azure Logic App with the Office 365 connector to connect to a Mailbox and trigger the logic app workflow on receiving an email with an attachment and copying the attachment to an Azure Storage account.
● Managing Windows and Linux servers, troubleshooting IP issues and providing support to multiple Application teams.
● Migrating On-premises virtual machine to Azure Resource Manager Subscription with Azure Site Recovery.
● Configured the Kubernetes provider with Terraform which is used to interact with resources supported by Kubernetes to create several services such as Deployments, services, ingress rules, Config Map, secrets.
● Develop code using our agile JIRA tools to manage a backlog of enhancements and bug-fixes.
● Implement and maintain dev, test, staging, and production environments leveraging infrastructure as code using Azure ARM templates.
● Creating and managed Azure AD tenants, and configured application integration with Azure AD.
● Working on Azure DevOps, Azure Boards, Azure Dashboards, Azure Pipelines, Azure Repository and Azure Artifacts.
● Creating Pipelines in Azure Pipelines and written the YAML files to create the pipelines.
● Managed Configurations and Deployments through Kubernetes
● Utilizing Helm charts to package and deploy applications, simplifying the management of Kubernetes resources, including pods, services, and ingress controllers.
● Integrating Helm chart deployments into Azure pipelines, automating the application release process and ensuring consistency between development, staging, and production environments.
● Performed automation tasks using Azure ARM Templates, PowerShell scripts to implement solutions.
● Developed security policy scripts on vendor provided portal, deployed policy on related clusters in Dev and Prod environment.
HNS Technology Inc.
Houston, Texas
Technology Procurement Consultant April 2019 – June 2023 Executed Cloud and eCommerce procurement across multiple business models rapidly expanding B2B and B2C solution and services. Designed and implemented solutions to support campaigns to house 3k large and SME customers for cloud and IT infrastructure, with a minimum 29% ROI. Overlooked and Improved integration with third party logistics and credit providers to accelerate shift in business strategy. Designed and managed software ROI and efficiency metrics to drive gross margin improvement from approximately 3.5M to $5M in annual sales revenue. Design and introduced eCommerce sales portal to help support federal business contracting and bidding.
● Consult prospects and clients on Cloud solution: including public cloud offerings such as AWS, Google, and Azure
● Infrastructure: including servers, end-user computing, print services, storage, and security, Infrastructure as a service
(IaaS), Software as a service (SaaS), Platform as a service (PaaS)
● Telecom: including unified systems (WebEx, Skype, etc.), LAN/WAN technologies, mobility, wireline, and software- defined networking
● Software: including SaaS, ELAs with major vendors, maintenance renewals, security, and Platform-as-a-Service
● Services: managed services, devops, strategic consulting services, cloud managed services, application, and infrastructure services, contact centers, requirements development Samba Bank
Pakistan
Vice President E-Banking - July 2012 - July 2014
Developed functional specifications for new consumer banking products solution, use cases and design documents for use by developers and test analysis. Liaison between business and technology development team on technical and functional application implementation. Designed and implemented smart debit card product on Visa enabled applications and ATM multi-application smart card international and domestic wire transfers enabling the creation and transmission of payment messages, customer accounts and funds transfer functions. Designed functional specs and introduced (IBFT) Interbank funds transfer ATM customer module achieving goals through deposit base and fee revenues. Determine and implement the current business process using BPLC Strategy.
TRG – The Resource Group
Pakistan
Business Manager - March 2009 - July 2012
Liaise with Technology teams to introduce design and build specs for front and back-office solutions covering Call Center, accounting, sales, supply chain business support across various industries like government, financial, agribusiness and pharma companies. Targeted lowering operational costs by up to 40% by developing and implementing Hi-Tech technology solutions to outsourcing front and back-office operations from SME to large enterprise customers. Leveraged the company’s software technology infrastructure with 99% uptime for existing clients. Successfully won bids and closed contracts. Planned and launched a toll-free international call center with cutting edge inquiry, monitoring and support service software solution for the government state banks global call center for international incoming global wire transfers. United Bank Limited
Pakistan
Vice President Core Banking Solutions - October 2003 - June 2008 Spearheaded the upgrade of Core Banking ERP solution with unified customer view across applications and driving the development of functional and system specifications. Led and managed the upgrade of technology infrastructure from legacy systems to centralize business processing across1060 domestic branches local and international. Evaluate solutions and build case study for management committee on vendor selection. Performed detail system analysis, develop functional and technical specifications to support liability and consumer products. Develop/Implement module for incident management ticket creation, investigation and resolution. Planned and launched back-office infrastructure to support a 200-seat call center processing 10,000 customer calls a day. Evaluate solutions and build case study for management committee on vendor selection. Performed detail system analysis, develop functional and technical specifications to support liability and consumer products. Led the development and implementation module for case management ticket creation, investigation and resolution. Bank Alfalah Limited
Pakistan
Manager Card Operations - July 2001 - October 2003 Setup and led credit card transaction processing unit for newly introduced Visa Credit Card. Recruited and trained staff to manage the operational functioning of daily card transactions. Managed to work with international solution provider to implement purchase and payments processing on Credit Card ERP System. Setup merchant account as an issuer on POS infrastructure. Developed functions to support branches, call center and merchant unit. Led team on integrated purchase and payments with batch settlement accounts.
Citibank N.A.
Pakistan
Operations Supervisor - August 1994 - May 2001
Answered inbound phone calls in a fast-paced work environment, executed financial transactions under bank policies and procedures. Responded to customer inquiries for accounts, policies, new products, and services. Promoted and led Credit Card transactions capturing and processing of merchant payments. Outsourced customer payments to third party processor. Led implementation of software automations reduce workforce dependencies by 30%. Developed staff recognition programs and defined strategic direction of the business unit.
EDUCATION
Houston Community College
2017 - 2018
Cyber Security Diploma, Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services, GPA 4.0 Preston University
2004 - 2006
MBA – Finance & Technology GPA 3.2
Contact this candidate