Divakar
Sr. Azure/AWS DevOps Engineer
Phone: 972-***-**** Email ID: ad6kw1@r.postjobfree.com

8+ Years of IT experience in design, development, build, and project management, deployment, delivery management, system administration, Linux administration, cloud implementation, software configuration management (SCM) process, systems deployment engineering (SDE), Azure, AWS and DevOps in CI/CD pipeline, Build/Release management

Expertise in configuring Azure web apps, Azure App services, Azure Application insights, Azure Application gateway, Azure DNS, Azure Traffic manager, Analyzing Azure Networks with Azure Network Watcher, Implementing Azure Site Recovery, Azure stack, Azure Backup, and Azure Automation.
Experience in administrating of IAAS, SAAS&PAAS Virtual Machines and Web/Worker roles on Microsoft Azure Classic, Resource Manager and troubleshooting issues on Azure VMs. Supported technologies, such as Active Directory Federation Services, Azure Active Directory, and Power Shell.
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, IAM, Redshift, Lambda, Security Groups, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, SNS, Optimized volumes and Cloud Formation templates.
Designed, configured, and managed public/private cloud infrastructures utilizing Amazon Web Services (AWS), including EC2, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Tables, Elastic Load Balancer, Cloud Watch and IAM.
Setup and build AWS infrastructure various resources like VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling, and RDS in Cloud Formation JSON template
Manage AWS EC2 instances utilizing Auto Scaling, Elastic Load Balancing and Glacier for our QA and UAT environments as well as infrastructure servers for GIT.
Hands-on implementing Cloud Solutions using various AWS Services including EC2, VPC, S3, Glacier, EFS, AWS Kinesis, IAM, Lambda, Directory Services, Security-Groups, CloudFront, CloudWatch, Ops Work and Cloud Formation, Glacier, Auto-scaling, Elastic Beanstalk, RDS, SNS, SQS, SES, DynamoDB, AMI, Redshift, EMR, ELB, Route-53 etc.
Well experienced in Designing high availability (HA) applications on AWS across Availability Zones and Experience on fault tolerance, Disaster Recovery, and auto-scaling in AWS Cloud Formation.
Eexpertise in automating deployments, scaling, and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts, provided container-centric infrastructure by Kubernetes. Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all micro services builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Proficiency in using Docker Hub, Docker Engine, Docker images, Docker Weave, Docker Compose, Docker Swarm, and Docker Registry and used containerization to make applications platform when moved into different environments.
Highly proficient in segregating the Azure services as part of sprint planning and preparing the hardening checklist for each Azure services. Creating new Azure ARM templates and artifacts to update the existing PAAS services.
Experience in Designing and implementing Microsoft Azure Solutions across a range of cloud models like SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, and integrated on-premises, on-demand workloads with the Azure public cloud.
Best practice in managing Azure infrastructure, Azure storage accounts and deploying workloads on Azure virtual machines (VMs), virtual networks, cloud services, resource groups, express route, traffic manager, VPN, load balancing, application gateways, auto-scaling and cloud services into secure V-Nets and subnets.
Experience in migrating the Legacy application into GCP platform and managing the GCP services.
Experience in AWS cloud computing platform, that includes various resources like EC2, load-balancing with ELB, messaging with SQS, Custom monitoring analysis using CloudWatch, Auto scaling architectures and using EBS under high I/O requirements.
Build servers using AWS includes importing necessary volumes, launching EC2 instance, S3 for object static web pages and created security groups, auto scaling, load balancer, Route 53, and SNS as per the architecture using Infrastructure as a Code (IAAC) tools like Cloud formation JSON templates.
Experience in Designing, Installing, and Implementing Ansible configuration management system and in writing playbooks for Ansible deploying applications and maintained role-based access control by using Ansible Tower to manage web applications, Environment’s configuration files, Users and Packages.
Proficient in Writing Terraform templates, Chef Cookbooks, recipes and pushed them onto Chef Server for configuring EC2 Instances. Used Terraform to map more complex dependencies and identify network issue.
Experience in Installing and configuring Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery application JENKINS. Proficient in defining build pipelines in addition to creating and maintaining multiple jobs.
Worked in an agile development team to deliver an end-to-end continuous integration/continuous delivery product in an open-source environment using tools like Jenkins, VSTS.
Experience in using Nexus and Artifactory Repository Managers for Maven builds and used Maven dependency management to deploy snapshot and release artifacts to Nexus to share artifacts across projects.
Implemented Terraform modules for deployment of various applications across multiple cloud providers.
Deployed and configured Elastic search ELK, Logstash and Kibana (ELK) for log analytics, full text search, application monitoring in integration with AWS Lambda and Cloud Watch.
Worked with build tools like MAVEN and ANT for the building of deployable artifacts.
Excellent skills in Unix Shell/Perl/Java scripting and good C/Python programming experiences.
Extensive experience in setup, configuration, upgrade, maintenance, performance monitoring and troubleshooting on different UNIX platforms like Linux, VMWARE and system software and hardware.
Administered various flavors of Linux (RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu, Solaris, Ubuntu, Fedora) and worked on Logical Volume Manager (LVM), Kickstart, Bonding, LAMP and LDAP.

Technical Skills:

CI/CD
Jenkins, GitHub/Bitbucket, Maven, SonarQube, Nexus OSS, ANT, JIRA.
Cloud Platforms
Amazon Web services, Azure, Open stack, Open shift
Microservices
Docker, Kubernetes, AWS ECS
Logging and Alerting
ELK stack, Splunk, Cloud Watch, Prometheus, Grafana
Distributed Messaging Platform
KAFKA
Infrastructure Automation
Ansible, Terraform, Chef
Test Automation
Junit, NUnit, Selenium, Maven
Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, JBOSS, Web Logic, Web Sphere,
Web Servers
Nginx, Apache HTTP
Operating Systems
Windows, Linux, CentOS, Ubuntu,
Databases
Oracle 10g/11g/12c, Mongo DB, MySQL
Scripting
Python, Shell, Groovy, PowerShell, JavaScript, YAML

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Role: Sr. Azure / Cloud Operations Engineer and Infrastructure
Responsibilities:
Working as cloud Engineer, involved in configuration for Web apps/Function apps, V-net integration, HCM,
Application gateway, App Insights, Active directory, Azure Key Vault, Encryption and Security on Azure.
Configured and implemented storage blobs and Azure files - Created Storage accounts, Configured the Content.
Delivery Network (CDN), custom domain, Managing access and storage access key.
Automated setting up server infrastructure for the DevOps services, using Puppet/Ansible, shell and python scripts.
Part of a team of DevOps engineer for infrastructure support on Azure and GCP cloud.
Monitoring using Ansible playbooks and has integrated Ansible with Run deck and Jenkins.
Strong experience on Linux/Unix, Ruby, python scripting. Working on removal of orphaned snapshots in AWS with the python script.
Wrote and maintained various Ansible modules for the upstream Ansible repository.
Included Mesos and Kafka for managing the real-time data streamlines under proper environments
Designed and developed the complete front-end application using ASP.Net with C# as code behind for the internal processing.
Working on Ansible playbooks to direct Linux syslog’s from Sumo logic to Netsurion within the Dev Integrated, QA, Stage, PROD environments.
Developed Chef Cookbooks to manage system configuration and for Tomcat, MySQL, Windows applications and versioned them on GIT repositories and Chef Server.
Worked with CHEF Enterprise Hosted as well as On-Premise, Installed Workstation, Bootstrapped Nodes, Wrote Recipes and Cookbooks & uploaded them to CHEF-server, Managed On-site OS/Applications/Services/Packages using CHEF.
Involved in setting up builds using Chef as a configuration management tool and managed the configurations of servers using Chef, configured Jenkins builds for continuous integration and delivery for deployment and implementation of Chef for infrastructure as code initiative.
Experience installing and developing on ELK.
Experience in working over Apache Spark, Kafka, Hadoop, Cassandra under the environment of Apache Mesos. Also used Apache Oozie and Airflow.
Used Elasticsearch for powering not only Search but using ELK stack for logging and monitoring our systems end to end Using Beats.
Worked on setting up Prometheus, Grafana to capture and analyze logs from various layers such as Load Balancers, Web servers and application servers.
Used Prometheus, Grafana to monitor the system logs as well as notify the incident management system upon exceeding thresholds.
Responsible to designing and deploying new ELK clusters (Elasticsearch, log stash, Kibana, beats, Kafka, zookeeper etc.
Working on TechOps production tickets assigned by the customers and troubleshooting them in the working sessions.
Working on sync issue between ldap servers, also installing ops genie heartbeat on prod servers by using ansible automation.
Developing API services in an Agile environment and developing our REST API.
Working with team lead to implement API features, perform code maintenance, and bug fixes.

Environment: Azure, Ansible, Jenkins, GIT, Microservices, KAFKA, Bitbucket, .Net, Chef, Maven, ELK, New relic, Sumo logic, Netsurion, Prometheus, Grafana, SonarQube, Python, Power Shell, Ruby, UNIX, Windows/Linux.

Role: Azure DevOps Engineer /Site Reliability Engineer
Responsibilities:
Working as cloud Engineer, involved in configuration for Web apps/Function apps, V-net integration, HCM, Application gateway, App Insights, Active directory, Azure Key Vault, Encryption and Security on Azure.
Configured and implemented storage blobs and Azure files - Created Storage accounts, Configured the Content Delivery Network (CDN), custom domain, Managing access and storage access key.
Experience in Windows Azure Services like PaaS, IaaS and worked on storages like Blob (Page and Block), Sql Azure. Well experienced in deployment & configuration management and Virtualization.
Part of a team of DevOps engineer for infrastructure support on Azure and GCP cloud.
Worked on various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Azure Websites, Caching, SQL Azure NoSQL, Storage, Network services, Azure Active Directory, API Management, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, and PowerShell Automation.
Automated the infrastructure in Google Cloud by using Deployment Manager templates for various services in GCP.
Experience working with an application performance monitoring tool, i.e., Dynatrace and log analytic tools, i.e., Splunk, Prometheus. And Engineering, Implementation, Installation, Integration, version upgrade and patch installation of APM applications: Dynatrace, Triage of APM: Dynatrace and CA Wily Introscope monitoring environment events.
Experience on Application Performance Management (APM) tools such as Dynatrace.
Using Ansible to Setup/teardown of ELK stack (Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana).
Troubleshooting any build issue with ELK and work towards the solution.
Developed microservice on boarding tools leveraging Python and Jenkins allowing for easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deploy and services.
Experience on Vagrant, Azure and Kubernetes based container deployments to create self-environments for dev teams and containerization of environments delivery for releases.
Used of Docker, Kubernetes, and Open Shift to manage micro services for development of continuous integration and continuous delivery.
Design, implement and test services in a Microservice-oriented architecture and has Implemented the REST based Microservices using the Spring Boot.
Used Microservices to communicate using synchronous protocols HTTP and REST for implementing SOAP.
Involved in the development of Microservices for all the models using combination of Spring Boot and Spring Security.
Expertise in creating Chef Cookbooks/Recipes, custom resources, libraries, etc. Implemented exception handling using chef handler.
Implemented rapid-provisioning and life-cycle management for Linux using Amazon EC2, Chef, and custom Bash scripts.
Using Terraform as a tool, Managed different infrastructure resources Cloud, VMware, Bare Metal Servers, and Docker containers. Also, configured RDS instances and map more complex dependencies and identify network issue using Terraform.
Tested Chef Cookbook modifications on cloud instances in AWS and using Test Kitchen and Chef Spec and used to collect attributes on node. Worked on Chef DK which takes of care creating cookbooks and recipes.
Worked on DevOps pipelines using OpenShift and Kubernetes for the Microservices Architecture
Focused on containerization and immutable infrastructure. Docker has been core to this experience, along with Kubernetes.
Created Ansible roles in YAML and defined tasks, variables, files, handlers, and templates. Created inventory and configured the Ansible files for parallel deployment in Ansible for automating the Continuous delivery process.
Experience in managing Ansible Playbooks with Ansible roles. Used file module in Ansible playbook to copy and remove files on remote systems. Created inventory in Ansible for automating the continuous deployment.
Used Ansible as Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploys critical applications, and proactively manages change.
Experience on Azure Site Recovery, Operations Management Suite, Power shell Scripts and ARM templates.
I wrote the ansible playbooks which is the entry point for Ansible provisioning, where the automation is defined through tasks using YAML format. Run Ansible Scripts to provision Dev servers.
Writing several Ansible Playbooks and Roles for provisioning the machines in different environments and converting the static playbooks into roles.
Experience in using Ansible Tower, which provides an easy-to-use dashboard, and role-based access control, so that it is easier to allow individual teams access to use Ansible for their deployments.
Integration of Automated Build with Deployment Pipeline. Currently installed and clients to pick up the Build from Jenkins repository and deploy in target environments (Integration, QA, and Production).
Used Terraform for building, changing, versioning infrastructure and collaborate the automation of Azure Infrastructure via Terraform and Jenkins.
Built the process of remediation for Azure resources, by automating using JSON Templates and PowerShell scripts and deploy it using build and release pipeline in VSTS.
Worked on setting up Splunk, Grafana to capture and analyze logs from various layers such as Load Balancers, Web servers and application servers.
Used Splunk, Grafana to monitor the system logs as well as notify the incident management system upon exceeding thresholds.
Coordinate/assist developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control and Analyze and resolve conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Extensive exposure to configuration management policies along with automation of scripting using Bash/Shell scripting.
Written Power Shell scripts for archiving and moving of older log files to Azure Storage and automation scripts using python.
Maintained JIRA for tracking and updating project defects and tasks ensuring the successful completion of tasks in sprint.
worked on API testing tools like Rest Client, Postman, SOAPUI and Having strong working experience of running API load testing using tools like JMeter, SOAP UI test Suit.
Developing and extending Application Program Interface (API) for system inventory and DevOps automation from build tools such as Puppet, Urban Code, Chef, etc.

Environment: Azure, Kubernetes, Docker, Dynatrace, Terraform, Microservices, Jenkins, GIT, ELK, Ansible, Maven, Nginx, APM, Splunk, Grafana, Nexus OSS, WCS, SonarQube, Build API Dashboards ELK, Apache Tomcat, Python, Power Shell, Windows/Linux.

Role: AWS/DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities:
Implemented AWS solutions using EC2, S3, RDS, IAM, Redshift, Lambda, Security Groups, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, Auto scaling groups, SNS, Optimized volumes and Cloud Formation templates.
Designed, configured, and managed public/private cloud infrastructures utilizing Amazon Web Services (AWS), including EC2, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), Public and Private Subnets, Security Groups, Route Tables, Elastic Load Balancer, Cloud Watch and IAM.
Setup and build AWS infrastructure various resources like VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Group, Auto Scaling, and RDS in Cloud Formation JSON template
Manage AWS EC2 instances utilizing Auto Scaling, Elastic Load Balancing and Glacier for our QA and UAT environments as well as infrastructure servers for GIT.
Automated OpenStack and AWS deployment using Cloud Formation, Ansible and Terraform, also deployed, and administered Open stack services.
We had monitored the data pipelines using Apache Kafka and Matillion ETL.
Worked on Terraform for deploying infrastructure in AWS as per the requirement.
Involved in using Terraform migrate legacy and monolithic systems to Amazon Web Services and provisioned the highly available EC2 Instances using Terraform and cloud formation and wrote new plugins to support new functionality in Terraform.
Worked with Docker on multiple cloud providers, from helping developers build and containerize their application (CI/CD) to deploying either on public or private cloud.
Worked major role in building Docker images, create build and deployment configurations to deploy applications on OpenShift. Developed Ansible playbooks to do automated recovery process upon the failure of OpenShift MASTER.
Developed Chef Cookbooks to manage system configuration and for Tomcat, MySQL, Windows applications and versioned them on GIT repositories and Chef Server.
Used Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana (ELK) for maintaining system Logs and Bugzilla for tracking code bugs.
Involved in supporting cloud instances running Linux and Windows on AWS, experience with Elastic IP, Security Groups and Virtual Private Cloud in AWS.
Used tracking tool JIRA and triaged the issues and maintained bugs using JIRA tool. Maintained JIRA for tracking and updating project defects and tasks ensuring the successful completion of tasks in sprint.
Environment: Amazon Web Services (AWS), chef, Docker, On-Premises, KAFKA, Jenkins, Maven, Terraform, Ansible, ELK, Tomcat, Shell, WebLogic, JIRA, GIT, Python, Linux.

Role: Build and Release Engineer

Responsibilities:
Involved in projects that move to production and work closely with the Development, Quality Assurance and Management teams to ensure cross communication and confirmed approval of all production changes.
Experienced in authoring pom.xml files, performing releases with the Maven release plugin, and managing artifacts in Sona type NEXUS repository.
Implemented automation of Builds and Release management using Jenkins to achieve CI/CD in a project.
Troubleshoot the build issue during the Jenkins build process and resolved system issues and inconsistencies in coordination with quality assurance and engineering teams.
Worked with Jenkins APIs to know various things like build status, count of builds, Git commit version used by Jenkins builds etc.
Solid experience in developing and deploying the applications on Tomcat Apache servers and maintaining Load balancing, High availability, and Failover.
Worked on JIRA for tracking and updating the open tickets and per assigned and Maintained JIRA Administration/User documentation in Confluence.
Built end to end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, compile applications, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
Managing permission for files and directories with chmod and managing different kind of services like DHCP, FTP, NFS, Apache Web Server.

Environment: ANT, Subversion, Jenkins, .NET, KAFKA, Apache Tomcat, Eclipse, NEXUS, Oracle, DB2 MS SQL Server, J2EE, Ruby, Shell, Windows, Linux

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: -
Client: Tractor Supply, Brentwood, TN June 2020 - till date
Client: Keurig, Burlington, MA July 2019 – May 2020.
Client: Charles Schwab, Minneapolis, MN Jan 2017 – Dec 2018
Client: Laquinta Hotels, Dallas, TX June 2015 – Dec 2016
Contact this candidate