Xeniya Fesenko
Cloud DevOps Engineer
email: ad6ktd@r.postjobfree.com
phone: 703-***-****
Professional Summary:
● 12 + years of professional experience in Information Technology as a Software Test Engineer/DevOps and AWS Cloud Infrastructure and Solutions.
● Worked in various domains such as Health Care, Banking, and Retail.
● Excellent understanding and experience working in an Agile environment and being involved in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
● Experienced in creating, configuring, and maintaining Infrastructure on AWS Cloud.
● Experienced in creating IAM Roles, Policies, and user management for delegated access within AWS.
● Hands-on knowledge of software containerization platforms like Docker and container orchestration tools like Kubernetes and Docker Swarm.
● Hands-on experience with orchestration ECS Fargate.
● Written Cloudformation templates and deployed AWS resources using it.
● Implemented Terraform modules for the deployment of various applications across multiple cloud providers and managing infrastructure.
● Setting up Infrastructure and deploying to all environments using Terraform.
● Experience in writing SHELL Scripts.
● Working on maven to create artifacts from source code and deploy them in nexus central repository for internal deployments.
● Setting up the Development environment on EC2.
● Responsible for creating git hooks to trigger CodePipeline/Jenkins build automatically.
● Experience with server monitoring systems like Prometheus/Grafana, CloudWatch.
● Generate TLS certificates and apply them to LoadBalancers.
● Knowledge in defining Test Methodologies and creating Test Scenarios, Test Plans, Test Cases, and Acceptance Criteria.
● Proven ability in performing automation testing with Selenium WebDriver with test automation frameworks like Behavior Driven Testing, Data-Driven Testing, and Modular (Page Object Model) for various Web Applications.
● Expertise in understanding Business Requirement Specifications, Functional Specifications, and design documentation and converting them into Test Scenarios.
● Experience in Waterfall, Agile Projects, Kanban, worked very closely with Product owners in Agile and attended different ceremonies like Sprint Planning meetings, Daily Scrum, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Review, and Retrospective.
● Experience in working with open-source tools such as Selenium Web Driver, Cucumber, Maven, TestNG, JUnit, Jira, Eclipse, and IntelliJ IDEA.
● Experience in Creating, Modifying, and Maintaining new and existing Automation Framework Models (BDD/TDD).
● Solid understanding of Core Java principles.
● Hands-on experience in Data-Driven Testing with Cucumber Scenario Outline and Excel files.
● Performed Beck-End Testing of Application Programming Interface (API) using Postman and RestAssured.
● Developed Behavior Driven Test automation framework with Cucumber BDD.
● Proven ability to develop cucumber feature files from an end-user perspective based on Jira user stories.
● Maintained code by using GIT for version control as a GitHub Administrator, implemented branching strategy and security.
● Played a role as Production Release Manager.
● Experienced with Jenkins/CodePipeline as a Continuous Integration (CI) tool through executing the Smoke test and Regression Test.
● Solid experience with Defect/Test Management tools.
● Hands-on writing SQL Queries, SQL Scripts, and performing Database testing in different RDBMS like Oracle, MySQL, and PHP-Admin. Cross-functional team member, quick learner, detail-oriented and adaptive to changes. Certifications:
● Professional Scrum Master I
● AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
SKILLS:
Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins, TestNG, Junit Languages: Java, HTML, SQL, Gerkin, shell
Database: Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, PhpMyAdmin
IDE Version Control System: Eclipse, IntelliJ, Postman, Subline, VSC Version Control System: Git, GitHub
Browsers: Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari Framework: BDD/TDD, Hybrid
Project Methodologies: Agile-Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban DevOps Tools: Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform, Nexus, Jenkins, Maven, ECS Fargate, CodePipeline. Project management/Bug tracking tool: Jira, Jira-Xray, Bugzilla Operating System macOS, Windows, Linux Cloud Platforms: Amazon Web Services
Monitoring Tools: AWS CloudWatch, Prometheus, Grafana AWS Services: IAM, s3, CloudFormation, CloudTrail, CloudWatch, EC2, ECS Fargate, Lambda, EFS, SNS, SQS, ECR, VPC and Networking, Certificate Manager, Route 53, Secret Manager, KMS, OpenSearch. Professional Experience:
Booz Allen Hamilton, Washington, DC August, 2022 - Present Cloud DevOps Engineer
● Followed Agile Scrum methodology for design, development and implementation of the project. Hands on experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) environment and good knowledge of AWS services VPC, Load Balancer and Networking, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, IAM, S3, KMS, EC2, ECS, ECR, SNS, SQS, Lambda, EFS, DynamoDB, DocumentDB, OpenSearch, Security Groups, Autoscaling, CodePipeline, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy, ECR, ECS Fargate.
● Heldresponsiblity for deploying AWS Infrastructure resources to AWS Cloud to various environments using Terraform.
● Created IAM Roles/Policies using CloudFormation.
● Knowledge of CI/CD Pipeline setup using CodePipeline, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy.
● Held responsibility for Production Releases.
● Held responsibility as an GitHub administrator.
● Created buildspec.yml files for CI/CD deployments.
● Created Git hooks to trigger CodePipeline builds.
● Proven knowledge on standing up EC2 Servers.
● Configured TLS certificates
● Used Jira as ticket tracking and workflow tool implemented integration with GitHub.
● Used Docker as a containerization tool.
● Postman for API application testing.
● Completed post deployment verification of applications.
● Used Postman to test application endpoints.
● Developed various Infrastructure User Guides for the team.
● Worked closely with the development team and provided required assistance. Nioyatech, Washington, DC November 2020 - August 2022 DevOps Engineer
● Followed Agile Scrum methodology for design, development, and implementation of the project.
● Hands-on experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) environment and good knowledge of AWS services like Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load-balancers, S3, Elastic Beanstalk, Cloud-Front, RDS, Route53, Cloud-Watch, Cloud-Formation, IAM. Jenkins Server deployed on AWS EC2 Instance as a CI/CD server to build pipelines.
● Worked with Terraform to create AWS components like EC2, IAM, VPC, ELB, and Security groups.
● Performed S3 buckets creation, policies, and on the IAM role-based policies and customizing the JSON template.
● Creation and deletion of AWS EC2 servers depend on team requirements.
● Worked on Docker, and Kubernetes to manage micro services for the development of continuous integration and continuous delivery. Hosted the static web application in AWS S3 and set up a Jenkins job to deploy UI-level development changes to AWS S3.
● Implemented multiple VPCs and public, and private subnets as per requirement and distributed them as groups into various availability zones of the VPC.
● Created NAT gateways and instances to allow communication from the private instances to the internet through bastion hosts.
● Implemented IAM for creating roles, users, and groups and implemented MFA to provide additional security to AWS accounts and its resources. Created Git hooks to trigger Jenkins build automatically.
● Used Jira as a ticket tracking and workflow tool. Evolent Health, Arlington, VA January 2017 - November 2020 Software Automation Engineer
● Worked in Agile/Scrum methods for testing approach, participated in Scrum Ceremonies.
● Developed and maintained Hybrid Automation Framework that is based on the Page Object Model, Behavior Driver Testing, and Data-Driven Testing frameworks using Selenium Web Driver, JUnit, Cucumber, and Maven.
● Implemented Automated execution of Tests using Maven and Jenkins.
● Performed Agile Testing and participated in analyzing and pointing User Stories. • Created a test automation framework using Selenium Web Driver, the Page Object Model (POM) using Behavior Driven Framework.
● Used Hybrid framework to develop Cucumber Step Definitions, Scenarios, and Features using acceptance criteria.
● Developed automated Test Scripts using TestNG annotations.
● Developed Test Scripts for Web elements by identifying the locators using FireBug and FirePath Firefox plugins.
● Followed Agile methodology and participated in daily SCRUM meetings.
● Implemented HTML Maven-Cucumber report.
● Tested applications in different types of browsers (Cross-Browser Testing) and versions, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Google Chrome.
● Used implicit and explicit wait conditions for synchronization purposes.
● Used SQL queries to retrieve the user information from the database.
● Back-End Testing level testing with RESTful API testing using Java RestAssured library and Postman.
● Maintained code by using GIT for version control.
● Analyzed test results, tracked the defects, and generated reports using JIRA Xray.
● Participated in QA weekly meetings and various other meetings and discussed Enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.
Mastercard, Arlington, VA July 2014 - December 2016 Software Automation Engineer
● Worked in Agile Scrum Methodology and participated in Scrum ceremonies.
● Used Selenium WebDriver API to automate tests.
● Used Maven for JAVA automation projects and developed Maven project object model (POM).
● Identified web elements uniquely by using different types of locators like Id, Name, Link Text, CSS, and XPath.
● In Selenium Web Driver, used Implicit, Explicit waits to handle the execution flows.
● Used Java programming language and developed my test scripts on Eclipse IDE.
● Used Jira as a Bug Tracking tool.
● Prepare test cases from the user stories.
● Implemented the database connectivity using JDBC with Oracle database as backend.
● Wrote SQL Queries to connect to the database and retrieve data for a specified set of test requirements.
● Participate in retrospective meetings to discuss previous iteration's success, and failure and recommend process improvements for the next iteration.
● Performed Functional, Regression, and Smoke Testing.
● Scheduled test scripts to run overnight when required using Maven and Jenkins.
● Performed Data Driven Testing using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG functions which read data from property and XML files.
Custom Ink, Fairfax, VA May 2012 - July 2014
Automation Test Engineer
● Performed manual testing of Web-based applications
● Created detailed Test Cases in Bugzilla based on business requirements, data models, and technical specifications and linked them to the appropriate requirements.
● Conducted smoke, functional, and regression testing.
● Identified, analyzed, and documented defects/bugs utilizing JIRA as a defect tracking system.
● Tested application compatibility on different platforms (Windows, Mac OS), and browser versions (IE, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome).
● Participated in daily stand-up meetings to understand the progress in work and matched efforts to the changing needs depending on the status of the updates in the meetings.
● Participated in meetings with internal/external stakeholders to understand requirements and helped prioritize organizational strategies and plans.
● Participated in project daily meetings.
● Supported users through training, as well as providing one-on-one technical assistance.
Contact this candidate