ABDUL MUMIN FOYEZ

Professional Summary
Have ** Years of experience in Information Technology industry in various roles with excellent experience in AWS, DevOps Build & Release management, RedHat Enterprise Linux Administration and Configuration.
Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the Agile Process.
Experience as a Senior Cloud and DevOps Engineer, specializing in AWS, Azure, and OCI Cloud environments.
Experience in setting up and building AWS infrastructure resources like VPC, EC2, S3, IAM, EBS, Security Groups and RDS.
Extensively worked with Version Control Systems SVN (Subversion), GIT.
Skilled with Bash/Shell, PowerShell, python, JSON, YAML.
Responsible to build scripts and automated solutions using various scripting languages such as Shell, Python and Ruby.
Implemented CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins and extensively worked for End-to-End automation for all build and deployments.
Experience with Terraform key features Infrastructure as code, Execution plans, Resource Graphs, Change Automation, and extensively used Auto-scaling launch configuration templates for launching Amazon EC2 instances while deploying Microservices
The terms Sight Reliability, Infrastructure-as-Code, CI/CD, Jenkins, CircleCi, AWS DevOps, OpsGenie, New Relic, RDS, Python, Bash, Groovy, Go lang, IaC, Terraform, and SRE are interchangeable.
Experienced implementing DevOps continuous delivery (pipeline), Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Configuration Management (CM) tools and automated processes for Unix/Wintel based Java SOA/C net/C# applications used to support financial services, including risk, FX, equities, fixed income (trading) and trade clearance.
Setting up build pipelines in Jenkins by using various plugins.
Experienced on Setting up the SCM Polling for Immediate Build with Maven and Deployed applications using automation scripts.
Design and architecture MongoDB Database in Tectonics and Open shift Kubernetes environment.
Worked on Build & Release activities for technologies like Java, .Net, Oracle&ETL.
Implemented Security in Web Applications using Azure and deployed Web Applications to Azure .
Extensively worked on creating the Docker file, building the Docker images and running the Docker containers.
Experience with installation and configuration of Kubernetes, clustering them and managed local deployments in Kubernetes.
Extensively worked with automation tools like Hudson, Jenkins, Cruise Control, Cruise Control.Net, Build Forge and Bamboo to implement the automation and their configuration.
Expertise in application of cloud providers, Amazon AWS Ec2/s3/VPCSNS/AMI, Cloud sigma, Win Azure.
Created Docker files to automate the process of capturing and using the images.
Involved in setting up deployments using Chef as a configuration management tool and managed in automating multiple servers.
Knowledge and expertise on all aspects of Chef concepts like Chef Server, Workstations, Nodes, Chef clients and various components like super market. Kitchen etc.
Experience in creating fully automated infrastructure for CI/CD processes with Docker, Jenkins (Cloudbees), Sonar Cube, VMWare, RHEL, Satellite, Kubernetes, Artifactory, Ansible & GitLab.
Managed Chef Cookbooks to automate the entire deployment process as well as infrastructure.
Experience in configuring and deploying Java/J2EE applications into application servers like Apache Tomcat.
Involved in functional usage and deployment of applications in Web Logic, Web Sphere and Apache Tomcat Servers.
Administered Linux servers for several functions including managing Apache/Tomcat server, mail server and MySQL databases in both development and production.
Utilized Cloudwatch to monitor all AWS services to set alarms for notifications or automated actions.

TECHNICAL SKILL-SETS
Operating Systems
Windows, Wintel,UNIX, LINUX (Solaris and RHEL, CentOS
Scripting Languages
Shell, Python & Bash
Configuration Management Tools
Chef, Ansible, Puppet
CI/CD Tools
Hudson, Jenkins, Bamboo, AZure.
Monitoring Tools
Splunk, Appdynamics, Cloud watch
Build Tools
MAVEN, Make, ANT, MS Build
Web & Application Servers
Apache Tomcat, WebSphere, Jboss
Version Control Systems
Git, Subversion (SVN)
Virtualization
VMware, Amazon Web Service (AWS)
Bug Reporting Tools
Jira
Containerization
Docker, Kubernetes
Cloud Infrastructure
AWS (Amazon Web Services) Azure, OCI

Professional Experience
NCR, Atlanta GA March’ 2023 – Till Date
DevSecOps/ Cloud/SRE Engineer

Responsibilities:
Created and maintained continuous integration (CI) using tools Jenkins/Maven over diff environments to facilitate an agile development process which is automated and repeatable enabling teams to safely deploy code many times a day while ensuring operational best practices are supported.
Worked as an SRE, my role is to improve and maintain the web application life cycle from inception to design, deployment, operation and refinement.
Writing Docker files for .Net, java, node JS, and React JS applications, build and push docker images to Azure container registry.
Configured Elastic Load Balancers with EC2 auto scaling groups.
Using Splunk for Log analyzing and improving the performance of servers.
Creating and maintaining Helm charts to package applications, ensuring they are scalable, secure, and efficient.
Proficient in creating Docker images using YAML scripts, generating Docker container snapshots, and managing those Docker volumes as required by various teams.
Managed Azure Security groups using Azure Portal and PowerShell scripts and attached them to VM’s and Subnets
Ensure and maintain the reliability, availability (99.999) and performance of application.
Implemented simple to complex transformation on streaming data and data sets.
Trouble shoot and performance tuning issues with various deployed applications like Apache Tomcat, NGINIX.
Played a key role in delivering cloud engineering products, including implementing infrastructure solutions, optimizing workflows, and ensuring high availability and scalability on GCP.
Configured Azure web apps, Azure App Services, Azure Application insights, Azure Application gateway, Azure DNS, Azure Databricks, Azure Traffic manager, App services, Analyzing Azure Networks with Azure Network Watcher, Azure stack, Azure Backup and Azure Automation.
Creating and customizing dashboards in Dynatrace to visualize key performance indicators (KPIs) and provide insights into application
Experience with Bicep tooling and development workflows, including using Bicep CLI to build and validate templates, integrating with Azure DevOps for continuous integration and deployment.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to integrate ML workflow orchestration tools such as Airflow and Kubeflow into existing systems, streamlining processes and enhancing productivity.
Developed and maintained CI/CD pipelines using tools like Jenkins and Tekton, enabling seamless deployment and integration of new features.
Wrote Ansible playbooks in YAML to provision pre-prod environments consisting of Cassandra DB installations, WebLogic domain creations and several proprietary middleware installations.
Managed containerized applications using Kubernetes and Docker, ensuring efficient resource utilization and smooth operation in production environments.
Resolving issues related to Helm deployments, including troubleshooting errors, performance bottlenecks, and ensuring high availability.
Automated repetitive tasks using scripting languages like Bash and PowerShell, reducing manual effort and increasing efficiency.
Contributed to the development of infrastructure as code using Terraform, enabling infrastructure provisioning and management through code.Conducted regular security and code scans to identify vulnerabilities and implement necessary remediation measures.Experience in Designing, configuring, automating, and managing multiple servers for different environments over AWS using Ansible playbooks to support the infrastructure needs of applications.
Documented standard operating procedures (SOP) for troubleshooting, configuring, and setting up virtual servers.
Evaluate, Configure, and implement monitoring solutions for application and server monitoring using New Relic and
Build out server automation with Continuous Integration - Continuous Deployment tools like Jenkins/Maven for deployment and build management system.
Implementing Datadog APM agents to monitor application performance metrics, trace transactions, and diagnose performance
Installed, Configured and Managed Monitoring tools such as Splunk, Appdynamics
Worked on deploying a Jenkins server on Azure for autonomous software builds.
Designed Terraform templates to create custom sized VPC, subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of Web applications and database templates and migration from traditional to cloud environment.
Created Azure infrastructure using Terraform to version reliably and utilized Azure Terraform modules to provide resources and automate the infrastructure.
Wrote CI/CD pipeline in Groovy scripts to enable end to end setup of build & deployment using Cloud Bees Jenkins and Developed an end-to-end CI/CD Pipelines in Jenkins to retrieve code, perform tests and push build artifacts to Nexus.
Wrotescripts for the build, deploy, maintain using Jenkins, GIT, Maven, Python, Bash and worked on CI/CD involving Run Deck Jenkins and Ansible to complete the automation from commit to deploy.
Implemented a CI/CD framework using Jenkins, Maven & Artifactory in Linux environment and Integration of Maven/Nexus, Jenkins, GIT and JIRA.
Maintained Jenkins continuous integration tool using shell/Perl and ruby scripts for automating releases to different environments.
Involved in creating and deploying VMs on Azure, Creating and managing the virtual networks to connect all the servers and composing a lot of ARM templates for the same cloud platform.
Creating the automated build and deployment process for application, re-engineering setup for better user experience, and leading up to building.
Handling & fixing all Server related issue there by, ensuring maximum availability of servers and its services.
Provided support for AWS Cloud servers environment for project Code Deployments and Oracle DB installations and maintenance.

Environment: Ansible, Azure, Shell, Python, New Relic, Dynatrace, J Frog, Appdynamics, Splunk, MAVEN, Remedy, Jira, MySQL, Docker, Maven, Puppet, SonarQube, GIT, Stash, Load Balancers, Helm Red Hat 6.x,5.x, CentOS 5.x, 6.x, SUSE and Oracle EL v6, Windows 2008and 2012, VMware.

Specialized Bicycles (Turnberry Solutions) May’2022 – Feb 2023
Cloud/DevOps/SRE Engineer

Configured and implemented Azure Container Registry to host the Docker images.
Worked on aws services: Experience with a range of AWS services, such as EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS, ECS, and CloudFormation including compute, storage, database, network, security, and management services.
Understanding of cloud architecture and experience designing and implementing solutions on the AWS platform.
Worked with Infrastructure as Code (IAC) tools, such as CloudFormation or Terraform, and the ability to automate infrastructure deployment and management.
Integrating Dynatrace with other monitoring tools, logging systems, and CI/CD pipelines to automate monitoring setup, data collection, and analysis workflows.
Responding to alerts and incidents, investigating root causes using Datadog's monitoring and logging capabilities, and implementing solutions to resolve issues promptly.
ntegrating Helm charts into CI/CD pipelines to automate deployment and updates of applications.
Knowledge of how to leverage Bicep to create and manage resource groups, apply policies and role-based access control (RBAC) policies to resources, and automate deployment tasks using pipelines.
Created and managed machine learning pipelines using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning services
Deployed, automated, maintained and managed Azure cloud-based production
Designed and implemented CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps, resulting in a significant reduction in deployment times and improved software quality.
Converted .Net application to Microsoft Azure Cloud Service Project as part of cloud deployment.
deeply active with automation delivery teams and SRE monitoring.
Provided assessments for existing on-premises applications with the potential for cloud migration.
Worked on reliability, manage liability and performance improvements for Linux enterprises.
Worked on Azure Devops Frameworks for end to end software development in multiple roles in for the DBaaS engineering team as DevOps.
Installed, Configured and Managed Monitoring Tools such as Splunk for Resource Monitoring/Network Monitoring and Log Tracing.
Managed Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) clusters, optimizing resource allocation and enhancing scalability for containerized applications.
Developed automation scripts using PowerShell and Bash to streamline infrastructure provisioning and configuration tasks.
Worked with Azure Cloud Terraform API to create infrastructure on Azure as a code, and write YAML script to build infrastructure.
Configured Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) with Auto scaling and automated the process using Python and Shell script to handle high traffic loads
Lead the design and implementation of enterprise cloud strategies, aligning with business and IT objectives to drive adoption of cloud technologies.
Spearhead infrastructure migration methodologies, ensuring seamless application movement into hybrid cloud environments.
Deployed .NET, Python, and Java applications to AKS Cluster, including stateful applications with persistent volumes. Managed Kafka Cluster, Namespaces, and Topics on Azure VMs.
Provide architectural and engineering leadership in designing secure, scalable, resilient, and cost-optimized cloud solutions.
Collaborate with stakeholders to conduct feasibility analyses on current and potential projects, ensuring alignment with organizational goals.
Develop and troubleshoot cloud infrastructure platforms for IaaS and PaaS solutions, including databases, applications, storage, and virtual networks.
Maintain and support both non-prod and production infrastructure on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), Azure, or AWS, ensuring operational excellence.
Led the implementation of monitoring and logging solutions using Azure Monitor, Log Analytics, and Application Insights, ensuring high availability and reliability of Azure services.
Implemented security measures for Azure-based applications and infrastructure, including role-based access control (RBAC) and network security groups (NSGs)..
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Supplying and executing log management, automation, monitoring, and SRE analytics solutions. Controlling project resources, delivery, and SLAs.
Deployment Automation: experience of deployment automation practices and experience with tools like Ansible, Puppet, or Chef.
Collaborating with development teams to understand application requirements and documenting Helm charts and deployment processes.
Setting up the build and deployment automation for Terraform scripts using Jenkins.
Worked with testing frameworks and automation tools, such as JUnit, TestNG, or Selenium
Knowledge of source control management systems, such as Git, and experience with branching and merging strategies.
Worked with source control management systems, such as Git, and experience with branching and merging strategies.
I have designed Modular Bicep templates to encapsulate common infrastructure patterns used across various projects and used parameters within Bicep templates to customize deployments based on the environment (development, staging, production), location, and specific project requirements.
Deployed MongoDB using Docker image and setting up Mongo DB cluster using MongoDB Atlas.
Knowledge of API testing techniques, such as unit testing, integration testing, and end-to-end testing, and experience with testing tools such as Postman, SoapUI, or JUnit.
Setting up client server model of Chef in development environment of OCI
Worked with API documentation tools, such as Swagger or Postman, and the ability to write clear and concise documentation for APIs.
Implementing CI/CD pipeline for the Azure cloud-based analytical data ecosystem using AzureDevOps (VSTS), GIT as versioning controlling and hosted pipelines for build and release.
Knowledge of security best practices for APIs, including experience with authentication and authorization mechanisms, such as OAuth, JWT, or Basic Auth.
Familiarity with data serialization formats, such as JSON or XML, and experience with parsing and generating these formats.
Using YAML and Python scripting templates developed automation and deployment utilities.
Integrating APIs with databases, such as SQL or NoSQL databases, and knowledge of database access and management techniques.
Understanding of microservices architecture and experience building and deploying microservices.

Environment: AWS, Azure, Docker, Openshift, Kubernates, Terraform, Ansible, Splunk, OCI, microservices, Sitescope, Jenkins, shell, Active batch, Python, Git Bash, Weblogic, Helm, SoupUI, Linux, Postman,puppet,

Charter Communications, Charlotte, NC (Turnberry Solutions) October’2021 – April 2022
Cloud/DevOps Engineer/SRE Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities
Worked with IVR/cisco telephony technology. ANI, DNIS, VDN, Rounding, ENUM
Well versed with IVR Billing system with CSG and ICOMS billing Support.
Worked on Avaya Experience Portal, orchestration for the inbound as well as outbound IVR applications meant for our Residential, Commercial and Bulk businesses Customers.
Leveraging Datadog Security Monitoring features to detect and respond to security threats, vulnerabilities, and anomalous activities within cloud environments.
Demonstrated ability to architect and deliver scalable enterprise solutions combining various Azure services.
The AEP environment manages all the EPM servers, MPP servers, Speech and TTS servers configured for the IVR applications, Apache Tomcat Service, Network Time Protocol, SNMP Agent Apache HTTP Server, Apache ActiveMQ, PostgreSQL, Transport Layer Security, Ciphers and Certificates, Log Files and Audit Trails. Operating System Logging.
Capable of doing Ansible setup, managing hosts file, Using Yaml linter, and authoring various playbooks and custom modules with Ansible.
Wrote puppet manifests for configuration management and deploy .Net and Java applications.
Familiarity with Bicep language constructs, such as variables, parameters, modules, and resources, which enable you to define complex infrastructure deployments with ease.
SWAM fox/DRM (Dynamic route manager) - setting up configured to check system server status for example State, heath, Active calls, Holding Calls etc.
Implemented idea of secret management for micro services and creating service and ingress rules for each micro service. Worked on setup the kubernetes sandbox on Azure Kubernetes Services (AKS) for testing the different features
deep engagement in the engineering, design, implementation, and delivery of Monitoring & Automation architectures. GitHub, Jenkins, Puppet, JIRA, Confluence, ServiceNow, and other tools are used in the implementation and delivery of SRE tools in CI/CD pipelines.
Utilize the OCI load balancer features to route the traffic to the application instances.
Used Jboss-EAP, Tomcat Web Application Manger, Apache-Tomcat, ARGO-CD, SOAPUI Session Manager Shifting traffic between data centre.
Used Terraform scripts to Automate Instances for Manual Instances that were launched before.
Application deployment in Azure App Service and Application Gateways
Deploying IVR application, Deploying web services, brekfix deployment, and Production support during business hour.
Writing the JSON and YAML scripts to improve the alert manager to get the proper information about the alerts on a Grafana dashboard.
Experience with using Bicep templates to deploy and manage Azure resources, including virtual machines, virtual networks, storage accounts, and other services.
Worked on CouchBase - To check the couch cache and files for tables.
Built Kubernetes infrastructure, setting up EKS cluster, helm, exploring Kubernetes Networking, Checking container logs.
Collaborated with development and operations teams to troubleshoot technical issues and optimize system performance.
Troubleshoot and identify performance, connectivity and other issues for the applications hosted in Azure platform.
Conducted regular assessments of infrastructure and processes to identify areas for improvement and implement best practices.
Managed cloud infrastructure on AWS/Azure/OCI, optimizing resources and costs, and ensuring high availability.
Provided mentorship and guidance to junior team members, fostering professional growth and development within the team.
Utilize programming/scripting skills in Python, PowerShell, and other languages to automate tasks and enable continuous delivery.
Implement infrastructure as code and automation tasks using technologies like Kubernetes and Terraform to ensure continuous availability and minimize human overhead.
Possess strong knowledge of network architecture, application security, Kubernetes, and other cloud technologies.
Worked with CI/CD systems, Docker, Linux, RESTful APIs, log analysis tools, and source code management systems such as Git.
ownership of the platform for analytics and monitoring SRE services. Taking the lead in incident and problem management during major disruptions and platform outages.
Used Docker for setting Azure Container Registry with Docker and Docker-compose and actively involved in deployments on Docker using Kubernetes.
AppDynamics: our IVR application deployed on servers those servers can be monitored using AppDynamics (like application load, response times and errors happening on the server, Business Transactions, memory consumption, disk space usage, Tiers & Nodes, Database Calls, Alert & Respond).
PRTG-There are sensor configured in PRTG to monitor for the network/hardware issues of the servers like Uptime, and CPU load can be viewed for each of the servers. Shows all the configured alerts.
Monitored tool for call volume and other graphs using Grafana, Port Utilization/Metrics/traffic monitoring across server etc.
Managing secret keys through Azure keyvault and configuring API's to access the key vault through authentication process.
Installed, configured and managed MongoDB servers and performance tuning of Mongo Databases.
Created Ansible Playbooks to provision Apache Web servers, Tomcat servers, Nginx.
Used Gitlab CI/CD - Project Planning and Source Code Management to CI/CD, Monitoring and Security.
Worked with JIRA- documentation and collaborative resources for Support issue management system. Support intake for stakeholders. Communication platfrom and work progress track process across team within organization. Virtual Hold- Identify VDN and Skills for Queue and check status.

Environment: GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Docker, Linux, Azure, kubernetes, AppDynamics, OCI, Python, Terraform, microservices, Apache Tomcat, Active MQ etc.

APL Logistics, Scottsdale, AZ November‘2019 – September’2021
Devops SRE Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities
Used Bash and Python included Boto3 to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting EBS volumes backing AMIs and scheduling Lambda functions for routine AWS tasks.
Setup the new VPN tunnels from corporate network to VPCs in AWS and designed the subnets, Routing an IAM policies.
Managing secret keys through Azure keyvault and configuring API's to access the key vault through authentication process.
Designed and developed CI/CD pipeline integrating GIT Lab and Ansible across geographically separated hosting zones in AWS.
Implemented AWS Code Pipeline and Created Cloud formation JSON templates in Terraform for infrastructure as code.
Integrated Kubernetes with network, storage, and security to provide comprehensive infrastructure and orchestrated container across multiple hosts.
Develop PowerShell scripts to remotely manage Dynamics CRM servers and developer virtual machines
Troubleshoot any issues related to the Dynamics CRM environments
Application/infrastructure deployment and support including, MongoDB, Redis, Glassfish, WorkPaper and designed a cluster solution for backend, OpenVPN, Strong SWAN and Jenkins.
DevOps Lead for cloud migrations from on-premises/AWS/Azure/OCI cloud. Handled multiple projects of migrations of enterprise clients including CI/CD rollouts, Kubernetes, storage buckets.
Created Docker images using a Docker file. Worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images and managing docker volumes and experienced with Docker container service.
Responsible for configuring the apps to OpenShift v3 and containerization of apps using Docker.
Configuring Nginx ingress load balancer on a Kubernetes cluster.
Kubernetes is being used to orchestrate the deployment, scaling and management of Docker Containers.
Used Jenkins pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to Kubernetes, Created Pods and managed using Kubernetes.
Converted .Net application to Microsoft Azure Cloud Service Project as part of cloud deployment.
Worked on AWS services like EC2, S3, RDS, ELB, EBS, VPC, Route53, Autoscaling groups, CloudWatch, CloudFront, IAM for installing configuring and troubleshooting on various Amazon images for server migration from physical into cloud.
Configured and managed Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) to implement fault tolerance and avoid single point of failure of applications, thus providing high reliability and efficient usage.
Implemented Server Lifecycle Management for Provisioning, Deployment both On-Prem and OCI
Installed and configured OracleWeblogic 11g/12c application server.
Setting up Role based provisioning and rolebased access in Tivoli identity manager.
Configure SOAP Project for testing Rest Services and ApigeeProxies.
Used F5 Big IP for load balancing.
Configuring Jenkins job to spin up infrastructure using Terraform scripts and modules
Built Windows 2003/2008 Wintel Servers on standalone and blade servers based on application design and deployed stack on these servers.Resolving server issues - Windows 2008/2003 server, Network connectivity, etc.
Involved in prod release activities, deployments and documentation.
Created UNIX Shell Scripts and scheduled through Active Batch for triggering the workflows as part of the batch data load.
Handling application deployments into DEV, Test, Performance and Production Environments.
To create and manage AD tenants, and had effectively implemented Azure container service (DC/OS,Docker, Kubernetes) and functions Validating the API calls using the POSTMAN.
Configuring and administering JDBC resources (Data Sources, connection pools), JMS resources (Queue, Topic, connectionfactory) in Weblogic.
Finding the Memory Leaks and adjusting the JVM Heap Sizes and Garbage Collector Parameters during performance monitoring and performance tuning of Weblogic.
Implemented Autosys for scheduling the ETL (Abnitio, Datastage, Informatica), Java, Weblogic, PL/SQL Jobs.
Involved in SCRUM meetings (stand-up, grooming, planning, demo/review and retrospective) with the teams to ensure successful project forecasting and realistic commitments.
Provided 24/7 Support and on call schedule for Production support.

Environment: AWS, Docker, Openshift, Kubernates Ansible, Splunk, Terraform, microservices, OCI, Sitescope, Jenkins, shell, Python, Git Bash, Weblogic, JBoss, Autosys, Active Directory, Rundeck, SoapUI,F5Big IP.

The Neiman Marcus Group, Dallas, TX May’2018 – October’2019
Cloud/DevOps/SRE Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities
Involved in migrating and managing multiple applications from On premises to AWS Cloud.
Created highly available and scalable infrastructure in AWS cloud by using various AWS services like EC2, VPC, RDS, Route 53.
Maintained the user accounts IAM Roles, VPC, RDS, Dynamo DB, SES, SQS and SNS services in AWS cloud.
Configured and managed Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), to avoid single point of failure applications, thus providing high availability and network load balancing.
Configuring Amazon EC2 instances and launching the new instances with same configuration by using AMI’s (Amazon Machine Images).
Managed AWS Cloud Formation templates to create custom sized VPC, EC2 instances, ELB, Security Groups.
Working with EC2 Container Service plugin in Jenkins which automates the Jenkins master- slave configuration by creating temporary slaves.
Worked with Terraform key features such as Infrastructure as code.
Using AWS Elastic Beanstalk which is an easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications.
Configured and maintained Jenkins to implement the CI/CD pipeline.
Automated deployment of builds to different environments using Jenkins.
Creating a fully automated Build and Deployment Platform by coordinating code builds promotions and orchestrated deployments using Jenkins.
Used MAVEN as a build tools on java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code
Created Chef Cookbooks and wrote recipes in Ruby Script to install and configured Infrastructure across environments and automated the process.
Installed and configured configuration tool such as Chef Server / workstation and nodes via CLI tools to AWS nodes.
Worked with container-based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images and Dockerhub.
Contact this candidate