Work Experience
Lead DevOps Engineer
JPMORGAN CHASE Wilmington, DE
-
Led the migration of on-premises VSI to AWS infrastructure as part of the team's initiative to transition to the Public Cloud & also automated the deployment of AI/ML applications.
Deployed Multi Master EMR Controller with an external KDC cluster, ensuring accurate configuration for cluster resiliency. This initiative resulted in significant cost savings and effectively addressed specific challenges associated with the Hbase Platform.
Implemented replication between two EMR clusters and configured the Data Migration service. This accomplishment stands as a major milestone for the entire project, facilitating the seamless migration of data from on-premises Hadoop to AWS.
Implemented automation strategies to increase cost efficiency in the DevOps pipeline. Engaged in L1/L2 support for the application team, addressing infrastructure and customer support issues through effective troubleshooting.
Performed regular Code Reviews to ensure the quality, efficiency and security of automation scripts and infrastructure configuration codes Jun 2021 Mar 2024
Site Reliability Engineer
SUNGARD AVAILABILITY SERVICES Philadelphia,
PA
-
Spearheaded large-scale cloud infrastructure automation using Terraform on AWS, VMware and OpenStack, including CI/CD pipelines and EKS clusters. Designed and deployed scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS Cloud platform to support business operations.
Led the design and implementation of scalable, highly available infrastructure on AWS utilizing Terraform for optimal performance and cost-efficiency. Implemented SRE methodologies to streamline infrastructure and increase uptime, improving overall system reliability by 30%.
Implemented Infrastructure as Code (IaC) practices, utilizing tools such as Terraform and Ansible to streamline and automate the provisioning, configuration, and management of infrastructure components.
Oversaw resolution of production issues, conducted incident triage to closure, and developed robust Container Orchestration strategies which increased application uptime and reduced server downtime. Jun 2014 Jun
2021
Devops engineer
Farm Credit Funding Jersey City, NJ
-
Implemented innovative solutions by developing strategies to streamline infrastructure and increase efficiency for the DevOps team. Leveraged AWS Services ensuring compliance for the successful deployment and scaling of high-availability applications.Conducted regular Compliance Checks to ensure all operations align with regulatory standards and industry best practices.
Dec 2013 Jun 2014
Lead Devops Engineer
ad6lrh@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sowmyasamala/
267-***-****
Doylestown, PA, 18901, USA
IT Professional with 14 years of experience
specializing in cloud computing, CI/CD
automation, and infrastructure management
with proven expertise in implementing
scalable and secure solutions. Successful
track record in leading cloud migrations,
building automated infrastructure, and
managing end to end deployment lifecycles.
Experienced in operating infrastructure
services from inception to design phase,
planning development to deployment
activities supporting multiple customers
SOWMYA SAMALA
Core Skills
VMware ESX / ESXi, VRA, vSphere, VRO,
Docker, OpenStack, ECR, EC2, ALB,
Route 53, EMR, VPC, S3, NAT, Cloudwatch,
Lambda, IAM, Autoscaling, Kubernetes,
AWS EKS, Shell Script, Hbase, RDS,
Datadog, EKS, GIT, Jenkins, Puppet,
Ansible, Terraform, Bash Scripting, DNS,
Kubernetes Cluster, Monitoring Dashboard,
Production Environment, Python, SRE,
Troubleshooting Production,
Network Protocols, CI/CD Automation,
Pipeline Configuration, Cloud Computing,
Configuration Management,
Agile Methodologies, Cloud Migrations,
Containerization & Orchestration,
L1/L2 Production Support,
Infrastructure as Code, Linux Administration,
Devops, SRE, Application Process,
Cross-Functional, Data-Driven,
Implementing Solutions, Problem Solver,
CloudFormation, GitHub,
Infrastructure Design, Fluentd
Certificates
Provided leadership in maintaining and upgrading Critical Infrastructure, contributing to the overall success of the DevOps team Configuration Manager
CapitalOne Bank Wilmington, DE
-
Oversaw configuration management, automated builds with AnthillPro, and managed releases across environments. Also offered Subversion/AnthillPro user support, controlled file configurations, created repositories for apps, and improved operations with automated workflows.
Exhibited strong Ownership by developing and implementing robust CI/CD pipelines, reducing deployment errors by 25%. Managed and improved system security through implementation of robust access controls, leading to a significant reduction in security breaches. Implemented Code Signing procedures to enhance software Security Policies and reliability in DevOps pipeline. Utilized SonarQube for static code analysis to identify bugs,and security vulnerabilities in the software development lifecycle.
Apr 2013 Nov 2013
Release Cordinator
Silicon Valley Bank Santa Clara, CA
-
Optimized Silicon Valley Bank's code repositories and deployment scripts, addressed automation gaps, and guided best practices for release tools. Experienced in Service Management strategies for the design, development, and deployment of software systems. Implemented and managed Fluentd/ELK for efficient log data collection, providing crucial insights to improve system operations. Implemented innovative technology solutions to optimize the continuous integration and deployment process, reducing downtime by 30%.
Aug 2012 Dec 2012
Release Manager
Pay Pal SanJose, CA
-
Led software build and configuration, managing Change and Release Management activities. Coordinated with various teams to maintain release branches, ensuring an auditable release process and providing daily updates to QA teams and stakeholders. Implemented and managed the build and configuration process for internally developed software, resulting in a 25% reduction in release cycle time and a 30% increase in release reliability, while providing daily updates on release status to QA teams and stakeholders. Mar 2011 Mar 2012
Release Cordinator
LLBean Freeport, ME
-
Oversaw end to end Build and Deployment of Java applications, managing configurations and facilitating code pushes across various environments. Implemented strategies for efficient resource utilization, improving system performance and availability.
Managed and improved company's cybersecurity measures as part of the devops team, resulting in a significant reduction in potential security threats. Developed strategic plans for vulnerability Aug 2010 Dec 2010
Education
California State University Long
Beach CSULB
Master of Science Computer Science
JNTU
Bachelor of Computer Science
Information Technology
Certified AWS Solutions Architect
Certified AWS Certified Cloud
Practitioner
AWS Certified Developer Associate
management, identifying potential threats and implementing preventative measures.
Contact this candidate