Nathanael Opoku-Amo

DevOps Engineer

Nashville, TN ad6qi2@r.postjobfree.com
615-***-****

Professional Summary

With over 7 years of DevOps experience, specializing in automating and optimizing software delivery processes, I have strong background in the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies, excelling in continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) using tools like Jenkins, Git, and AWS code pipeline. I also possess a comprehensive experience in planning, development, testing, and deployment, with a focus on Agile practices. Proficient in using Terraform, Docker, and Kubernetes for automation and infrastructure management. I have over the years developed skill in deploying and managing applications in AWS and driving cloud migration initiatives. Proven ability to lead and transform traditional teams into high-performing Agile and DevOps units. I’m committed to adopting new technologies and refining processes for better efficiency and performance. Strong analytical capabilities to quickly diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve operational issues.

Employment History

Dominion Systems 01/2018 - Present
Snr. DevOps Engineer
I managed the full software build, deploy, and lifecycle of core production applications, delivering a reduction in deployment time and increased build accuracy.
While being responsible for releases, I collaborated with multiple stakeholders to meticulously plan and support production releases, increasing the pass rate by and decreasing rollbacks significantly.
I am a liaison between the development, operations, and QA squads being responsible for the application environments' stability, which decreased the environment downtime.
I automated many repetitive tasks and we were able to save significant hours per month which means we increased the Efficiency and saved a lot of time on these works as no manual intervention was needed which means less errors and smooth operation.
I designed and executed a structured escalation management program, which improved resolution cycle, resulting in lesser project delays.
Built and setup the infrastructure for over 10 new applications on-boarding all projects ahead of schedule and under budget.
Together with my team, we developed and automated deployment plans for new applications that reduced deployment time, which resulted in significant reliability improvements. Developed build scripts for disaster recovery, to guarantee durable backup and restore capabilities.
I am also responsible for activities include creating and documenting detailed change requests, gaining required approvals, release control, and distribution of changes which resulted in a 20% decline in change related incidents.
Established and enforced new DevOps standards and best practices resulting in enhanced deployment consistency and better alignment with organizational policies
Demonstrated proactive ownership in handling critical deployments and bugs to achieve immediate solutions and sustain 99% up time and availability of critical applications
Via the migration of five high priority apps to AWS, moved from a scale-up to a scale-out environment, 30% cheaper brand-hosting and perf improvements.
Do AWS Infrastructure Planning and Migration Managed the planning and generation process of AWS infrastructure, deployment, which optimized deployment processes and reduced release cycles to allow for faster feature and fix rollouts.
Streamlined deployment process and optimized operational workflows through shell scripting, by configuring CI/CD pipelines including version control, artifact management, and build automation tools.
Performed well as an individual and team contributor, engaging in clear communication and coordination to meet project needs. Wrote and iterated on technical documentation and scripts to make them more clear for peers to deploy and troubleshoot.
Used broad-based AWS expertise to oversee deployments, improve cloud infrastructure, and connect AWS services to secure and update security and performance to meet business needs while continuing to have a secure and sustainable cloud foundation.

Aetna-CVS (Woonsocket) 10/2016 - 12/2017
Scrum Master

Analyzed business needs of clients to recommend and evaluate solutions with support from lead BA
Worked with stakeholders to understand and define their needs and objectives
Consistently planned business analysis approach for complex situations
Designed, defined, and tested project/product requirements
Played multiple roles within activities prescribed by methodology
Developed meeting frequency to assess progress
Engaged stakeholders and gained consensus in agreement of results
Created software requirements artefacts and deliverables
Communicated complex information in an easy-to-understand manner
Developed effective change control processes for complex requirements and designs
Aligned complex requirements with design with support from Lead BA
Facilitated stakeholder collaboration effectively and efficiently with guidance from Lead BA
Validated and verified information to identify solution options that meet business needs
Identified and leveraged appropriate business analysis tools based on requirements and purpose of the task
Established and implemented effective requirement creation and management practices with guidance from Lead BA/Project Manager
Defined software quality attributes, external interfaces, constraints, and other non-functional requirements with support from lead BA
Performed complex impact assessments of changes to requirements and designs
Ensured project team fully understood project requirements specifications and that testing results corresponded to business expectations/needs

Professional Skills

Terraform Ansible Kubernetes Helm Docker Jenkins Apache Tomcat Nexus Maven SonarQube Git/GitHub/Gitlab Agile Principles Effective Communication Collaboration Stakeholder Management Product Backlog Management User Stories Change Management Documentation Prioritization Configuration Management AWS EKS AWS EC2 AWS Cloudwatch AWS VPC

Education

School: Landmark Metropolitan University
Degree: BSA Degree
Area(s) of Study: Computer Science

Certifications & Licenses

Professional Scrum Master (PSM)
Professional Scrum Product Owner (PSPO)

Languages

UML 2.0
HTML
XML
SQL
Contact this candidate