SAI TEJA
313-***-****
ad6rgl@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
* ***** ** ** ********** as a DevOps Engineer supporting, automating, and optimizing mission-critical deployments in AWS and Azure, leveraging configuration management, CI/CD, Infrastructure as Code, Containerization and Container Orchestration Build/Release management.
Over 3 years of experience on Oracle 10g/11g, 12c database planning, installation, upgrade and migrations, performance tuning, backup, recovery, security provisioning, data guard, golden gate etc. on production, staging, development environments, understanding ITIL guidelines.
Expertise in AWS services such as EC2, S3, EBS, VPC, ELB, RDS, Route 53, Lambda, Cloud watch, Cloud Trial, Auto scaling, Security Groups, Redshift, and Directory Services, and Azure services such as Azure VM, Azure Storage, Azure Networking, and Azure DevOps.
Serve as the primary SME on Azure services including DRaas, SaaS, PaaS and IaaS while contributing architecture decisions for our ongoing migration efforts. researched and codified the Kafka Consumer using Kafka Consumer API 0.10 and KafkaProducer API 0.10(Java), designed the Spark Streaming and KafkaProducer interfaces - for multithreaded partitions and multiple topics by smartphone manufacturer device type, competitive analysis of Storm, Spark, Flink, Samza for processing
Experienced in branching, tagging and maintaining the version across the Environments using SCM tools like Git, GitLab, GitHub and Subversion (SVN) on Linux and windows platforms.
Primary responsibilities include Build and Deployment of the Java, .NET and Front End and legacy application packages into Different environments like Dev, INT, QA and PROD.
Implemented a CI/CD pipeline involving GitLab, Jenkins, Chef, Docker, and Selenium for complete automation from commit to deployment.
Proficient in creating and building dynamic and user interactive websites using various scripting languages like JavaScript, Angular, Backbone.js, Ext.js, Node.js, React.js and jQuery. Experience in building isomorphic applications using React.js and Redux with GraphQL on server side.
Designed customized infrastructure in AWS and Azure with Terraform scripts to create custom sized VPC, Subnets, NAT to ensure successful deployment of web applications and database templates and expertise in architecting secure VPC Solutions in AWS and Azure with the help of Network ACLs, Security groups, and public and private network configurations.
Strong experience in CI/CD software development pipeline stages like Commit Build, Automated Tests, and Deploy in multiple environments like Dev, QA, and Pre-Prod & Prod.
Extensive experience in troubleshooting issues by using Thread Dumps for Weblogic server and TCP Dumps to troubleshoot network issues
Played a key role in automating the deployments on AWS/Azure using GitHub, Terraform, Ansible, and Jenkins.
Hands-on experience in Ansible as Configuration management tool to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications and proactively manage change.
Expertise in writing Ansible Playbooks from scratch using YAML functions and utilizing setup and automate the CI/CD pipeline and deploy Microservices.
Integrated WebLogic and JBoss with Proxy servers (Sun One), Apache and Authentication servers (Siteminder).
Provisioned load balancer, auto-scaling group and launch configuration for Microservices using Ansible.
Implementing various resources in Azure using Azure Portal, PowerShell on Azure Resource Manager deployment models. Experience deploying Infrastructure as Code(IoC) applications using ARM Templates (JSON).
Experience with container-based deployments using Docker working with Docker images, Docker Hub, Docker registries, and Kubernetes.
Experience in writing custom Docker images and have hands-on experience with Docker components.
Worked on creating, maintaining, and upgrading Kubernetes EKS and AKS clusters.
Handled application deployments and production issues in Kubernetes clusters.
Extensively worked on Jenkins for continuous integration and for the end-to-end automation for all build and deployments including setting up pipeline jobs and upstream/downstream job configurations in Jenkins.
Strong experience in using build management tools like Maven for the building of deployable artifacts (JAR, WAR, and EAR) from source code and used artifacts repository managers like Nexus for Maven builds.
Experience in using bug tracking tools like JIRA and Service Desk.
Implementation of JIRA to implement agile, to track all issues pertaining to the SDLC and Integration of JIRA with Git to track all code changes.
Developed Azure API Management (APIM) Publisher portal and Developer portal for hosting APIs.
Created Azure Powers hell script for APIM backup and restore operations
Managing services, maintaining, and managing log files, monitoring event, logs, and troubleshooting system problems using tools like Nagios, Splunk, ELK, and Cloud Watch and resolve for any reported issues.
Expert in network services which include VPC, Subnet, SSH, DNS, VPN, NACL, Security group.
Excellent communication, interpersonal, intuitive, and analytical and leadership skills with ability to work efficiently in both independent and teamwork environments.

TECHNICAL SKILL-SET
CLOUD
AWS, Microsoft Azure
CI/CD TOOLS, BUILD TOOLS
Jenkins, Terraform,, Github, Azure DevOps (formerly VSTS)
VERSION CONTROL TOOLS
GIT, SVN, Bitbucket, Azure Repos (formerly TFS)
CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT
Chef, Ansible, Puppet
MONITORING TOOLS
Nagios, Splunk, ELK, Cloud Watch, Azure Monitor
CONTAINER TOOLS
Kubernetes, Docker, Azure Container Instances (ACI)
SCRIPTING
Bash/Shell, Python, JSON, YAML, PowerShell, GraphQL
DATABASES
My SQL, Red shift, Mongo DB, AWS RDS, PostgreSQL, Oracle 9i,10g, DB2 LUW 9.7/10.5
APPLICATION SERVERS
IIS, JBoss, Apache Tomcat, Web Sphere, Web Logic
WEB SERVERS
Apache HTTP, Nginx, Apache TOMCAT
OPERATING SYSTEMS
Red Hat Linux 7/6/5/4, Unix, Ubuntu 16/14/13/12, Debian, CentOS, Windows, Mac OS.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

AMERICAN AIRLINES, REMOTE JUNE’2022 - PRESENT
Azure DevOps Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed and implemented an automated Linux infrastructure using Puppet, creating Puppet models to install and manage Java versions, and writing Python plugins to collect and write metrics to state.
Automate various administrative tasks on multiple servers using Puppet.
Creating the IAC pipeline to deploy the whole infra and other components
Created scripts for system administration using languages such as PowerShell and Python, including Azure Functions to upload code and check changes in Azure Blob Storage and Table Storage.
Migrated various applications like Java, UI, .NET and Node Applications to Enterprise Cloudbees Jenkins.
Used Bash and Python, including Azure CLI, to supplement automation provided by Ansible and Terraform for tasks such as encrypting disks and scheduling Azure Functions for routine Azure tasks.
Solutions Consultant responsible to be primary SME on Azure services including DRaas, SaaS, PaaS and IaaS while contributing architecture decisions and tasks for ongoing migration efforts.
Installed, Configured and administered WebLogic server 10.3.6 for development, QA, UAT and production environment on RHEL 6.4 platform.
Proficient with Shell, Bash, Python, PowerShell, YAML, Ruby and Perl scripting languages for automation, monitoring. Created Azure PowerShell script for APIM backup and restore operations.
Implementation, Support and maintenance and monitoring of cloud based infrastructure using various devops tools and technologies such as AWS, OpenStack, Linux, Git, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Ansible, Cassandra Vault and others.
Responsible for maintaining Web Logic and oracle Application Servers, IBM Websphere 6.1/7.0, JBoss AS 7.1on UNIX platforms, IBM AIX and Windows platforms.
Involved in up-gradation of Weblogic 8.1 to Weblogic 10.3 and migration of Weblogic 8.1 to JBoss 5.0.
Debug build failures and work with developers and QA personnel to resolve related issues.
Managed and administer Apache, Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere, and JBoss.
Designed and worked with team to implement ELK (search, logstash and Kibana) Stack.
Worked with Docker for creating various containers with different distribution in integration with Puppet.
Configured Nagios to monitor Azure VMs with puppet automation.
Experience in supporting applications in SaaS framework.
Worked on NoSQL DBs MongoDB, Cassandra for relational database purposes.
Converted .Net application to Microsoft Azure Cloud Service Project as part of Cloud deployment.
Created Python Scripts to automate Azure services, including VMs, Azure Functions, Azure Load Balancer, Blob Storage, Table Storage, and Application Configuration. This Script creates stacks, single servers or joins web servers to stacks.
Used Kubernetes as an open-source platform for automating deployment, scaling, and operations of application containers across clusters of hosts, providing container-centric infrastructure.
Worked directly with the Azure Product team to track and resolve defects in the Azure IaaS offering.
Create GIT repositories and give access rights to authorized developers and workers.

Environment: Puppet, PowerShell, Python, Docker, Nagios, MongoDB, Github Cassandra, Kubernetes, Azure Functions, Azure Load Balancer, Blob Storage, Table Storage, Azure cloud platform, IBMWebSphereCommerceSuit, WeblogicApplicationServer,Websphere 6.1/7.0,JBoss As7.1, OFM 11g, IHS 7/8, DRaaS, Linux, dotnet.

CENTENE CORPORATION, REMOTE SEPT’2021 - MAY’2022
DevOps / (SRE) Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities:
Developed microservices onboarding tools using Python and Jenkins on AWS, enabling easy creation and maintenance of build jobs and Kubernetes deployment and services.
Experience in using Cloud Infrastructure management and Implementation Working experience on various Azure services like Compute (Web Roles, Worker Roles), Azure Websites. Caching, SQL Azure, NoSQL, Storage, Network services, Azure Active Directory, Scheduling, Auto Scaling, and Power ShellAutomation.
Implemented reproducible builds of Kubernetes applications, managed Kubernetes manifest files and Helm packages, and used Kubernetes to deploy, scale, load balance, and manage Docker containers across multiple namespace versions.
Deployed Kubernetes-based container environments for dev teams and containerized environments for releases using Docker and Kubernetes.
Met RTO and RPO objectives by IaaS, SaaS, and DRaaS with high availability on critical applications
Worked Collaboratively with Client Personnel to design and document the appropriate Enterprise DevOps & SRE Solutions that will support business objectives and developer communities such as: Configuration Management, Continuous Integration/Deployment and Cloud platforms.
Created Docker containers and consoles to manage the application lifecycle, using Docker Engine, Hub, Machine, Compose, and Docker Registry.
Deployed AzureIaaS Virtual Machines (VM’s) and PaaS role instance s (Cloud Services) into secure VNets and subnets, designed VNets and Subscriptions to confirm to Azure Network Limits.
Focused on containerization and immutable infrastructure using Docker and Kubernetes, including using Docker Swarm to deploy spring boot applications and deploying Docker Engines in Virtualized Platforms for containerization of multiple apps.
Created Docker images from scratch and customized and modified base images from existing environment configurations, maintaining the image repository for development teams.
Set up CI/CD pipeline for microservices and integrated tools such as Maven, Bitbucket, SonarQube, Nexus, Docker, Slack for providing immediate feedback to DEV teams after code Check-in.
Created Ansible roles in YAML, defined tasks, variables, files, handlers, and templates, and configured the Ansible files for parallel deployment to automate the Continuous Delivery process.
Managed Ansible Playbooks with Ansible roles, using the file module in Ansible playbook to copy and remove files on remote systems and creating inventory in Ansible for automating continuous deployment.
Used Ansible as a configuration management tool to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively manage change.
Created and implemented Ant and Maven build scripts for the Java applications and MS Build for .NET.
Installation, Configuring, troubleshooting and maintaining the Web logic9.x/10.x/11g, websphere 6.1 and Apache web server
Worked with Operations Management Suite, PowerShell scripts, and ARM templates.
Wrote Ansible Playbooks and Roles to provision machines in different environments and convert static playbooks into roles, using Ansible Tower to provide an easy-to-use dashboard and role-based access control for individual teams.
Configured and optimized code scanning in Sonatype and Veracode.
Integrated automated build with deployment pipeline, using Jenkins to pick up the build and deploy it in target environments (Integration, QA, and Production).
Completed set up of CD environment with focus on UrbanCodeuDeploy.
Set up uDeploy server along with automated scripts to backup the server and restore from backup for Disaster recovery.
Wrote CHEF recipes for automated uDeploy agent installs/updates, uDeploy agent relays install/update and configuring the same with the uDeploy server.
Used Terraform to manage different infrastructure resources, including Cloud, VMware, Bare Metal Servers, and Docker containers, as well as to configure RDS instances and map more complex dependencies and identify network issues.
Used Terraform to build, change, and version infrastructure and collaborate on automation with Jenkins.
Built the process by automating JSON Templates and deploying them using the build and release pipeline in VSTS.
Set up Splunk to capture and analyze logs from various layers, such as Load Balancers, Web servers, and application servers.
Monitored system logs using Splunk and notified the incident management system upon exceeding thresholds
Worked on configuring the ELK stack and used it for analyzing the logs from different applications.
Coordinated and assisted developers with establishing and applying appropriate branching, labeling/naming conventions using GIT source control, and analyzed and resolved conflicts related to merging of source code for GIT.
Had extensive exposure to configuration management policies and automated scripting using Bash/Shell scripting.
Maintained JIRA for tracking and updating project defects and tasks, ensuring the successful completion of tasks in sprint.

Environment: AWS, Azure, Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Jenkins, Git, DRaaS, Ansible, Maven, GitHub, Nginx, Sonarqube, Elk, Apache Tomcat, Python, PowerShell, Windows/Linux.

CITI BANK, DALLAS, TX DEC’2018 – AUG’2021
DevOps Engineer

Roles & Responsibilities
Developed and implemented automated build, deployment, and maintenance processes across multiple projects using tools such as Jenkins, Docker, Maven, Python, and Bash.
Managed Linux automated deployments using Chef and created and maintained Chef scripts for web applications, config files, database, commands, users, mount points, and packages.
Built and managed a large deployment of Ubuntu Linux instances with Chef automation, writing recipes, tools, shell scripts, and monitoring checks.
Worked in a production environment with CI/CD automation tools such as Jenkins and Teamcity
Responsible for installing and configuring Liferay Portal 6.1/6.2 with JBoss EAP 5.2/6.4, and Weblogic 10.x, managed and configured all custom portal applications.
Worked on Power Shell scripts to automate the Azure Cloud system in creation of Resource groups, Web Applications, Azure Storage Blobs & Tables, firewall rules and used Python scripts to automate day to day administrative tasks.
Configured new SOA domains and OSB domains for Fusion middleware High Availability applications.
Responsible for administration, configuration and monitoring of JBoss EAP 5.2/6.3.2, Oracle SOA suite11g 12C, Oracle application server, WebLogic Application Server 10.0.x/11gR1 Environments on SUN Solaris 9/10 and RHEL 5.x/6.x Servers and provided 24/7 support in the production environment.
Developed CM and release plans to outline CM main functions, CM guidelines, Release procedures, Roles, Responsibilities, Deliverables, Schedules and milestones implementing build automation script using ANT and Maven for J2ee and MSBuild in .Net, setting up SVN and GIT, Test Manager to manage build artifacts and SCM activities.
Implemented a Continuous Delivery pipeline with Docker, Jenkins, GitHub, and AWS AMIs and automated AWS components such as EC2 instances, Security Groups, ELB, RDS, and IAM through AWS CloudFormation templates.
Utilized Docker for container management and automation, including managing images, running containers, creating Dockerfiles for custom containers, volume management, and pushing images to Docker Hub.
Created test cases using Ruby Rspec framework for regression and refactoring issues.
Conducted a proof of concept for implementing AWS Kinesis-based consumers in Lambda and pipeline data to a data lake, enabling real-time analytics using DynamoDB and ordering based on the location of mobile users and ordering trends.
Installed and configured monitoring and logging tools such as Monit, AppDynamics, Grafana, Logstash, and FileBeat, and worked with ElasticSearch, Logstash, and Kibana stacks for log analysis.
Used Nagios/Observium/New Relic for monitoring and alerting services for servers, switches, applications, and services.
Designed and deployed AWS solutions using EC2, S3, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer (ELB), auto-scaling groups, and OpsWorks.
Utilized microservices architecture with Spring Boot-based services through REST and integrated microservices with other microservices and RabbitMQ messaging exchanges using Camel.
Created alarms and notifications for EC2 instances using CloudWatch and utilized Lambda functions to automate snapshot back up on AWS and set up scheduled backups.
Worked closely with developers and managers to troubleshoot and resolve deployment issues in different environments.

Environment: AWS EC2, S3, CloudFormation, DynamoDB, Kinesis, VPC, IAM, GitHub, Tomcat Apache, Microservices, CloudWatch, New Relic, Git, Linux, ELK Stack, Jenkins, Maven, Ansible, JVM, etc.

SOPHOS, INDIA JULY’2015 – Nov’2018
DevOps Engineer

Responsibilities
Hands on experience with AWS Cloud services like EC2, VPC, S3, IAM, Route 53 and Lambda.
Created multi branch pipelines and automated build and deploys using Jenkins and Ansible.
Integrated Git, Junit Testing and Selenium in continuous deployment.
Automated creation of immutable infrastructure (EC2, VPC, ELB, Auto-Scaling etc.) using Terraform.
Built and tested .Net code using msbuild and mstest.
Implemented a migration from WebSphere Application Serve Base to Network Deployment as wellas6.1to7.0upgrade.
Performed WebSphere Configuration backup and restoration using scripts.
Created NuGet packages for the application teams to reference them across multiple code repositories.
Created certificates using AWS certificate manager and applied them across ELBs and EC2s.
Wrote Jacl, Ant Scripts for Automating ear deployments and configuration of websphere server for all J2EE applications and set up the MSBuild and Nant scripts for ASP, .NET applications.
Designed, configured and deployed Microsoft Azure for a multitude of applications utilizing the Azure (Resource Groups, Azure SQL, Cloud Services, and ARM) adhering to the SLA by placing them in Availability Sets and scaling them using VMSS (Scale Sets).
Set up both classic and application load balancers as per the requirements of the application teams.
Used shared libraries across multiple Jenkins files to create re-usable codes.
Integrated build/deploy pipelines with emails/Slack/MS Teams so that appropriate teams are notified on status.
Created PowerShell and Linux shell scripts to automate the housekeeping of the servers.
Promoted builds across various environments such as sandbox, dev, sat, prod and DR.
Maintained and managed Jenkins in terms of plugin management, user access, and configuration management.
Integrated Jenkins with AWS plugin so that the Jenkins slaves are online only when called, resulting in cost savings to the customer.
Wrote docker files to automate database deployments on oracle Linux containers.
Modeled and automated the End-to-End Continuous Integration/Deployment/Delivery pipeline which included building a Continuous Integration server utilizing tools like Jenkins, Nexus Artifactory, GIT.
Used Nexus Artifactory as our external repository manager to store and retrieve the build artifacts.
Coordinating the resources by working closely with Project Manager's for the release and Project Manager for all the Operational Projects. Coordinate with the Development, QA and IT Operations teams during deployments to ensure there are no Conflicts.

Environment: Terraform, Docker, Jenkins, Ansible, Maven, GIT, GitHub, MSbuild, Nexus, ARM Templates PowerShell, Linux/Windows.

--
Thank you.
Contact this candidate