Saied Kamali ad6t1u@r.postjobfree.com
DevOps Management (Sr. Software Configuration Management, Build & Release Management)

Abstract
Senior Configuration, Build and Release Manager offering an extensive background including over 20 years of applied expertise utilizing Unified Change Management (UCM), Change and Release Management, Version Control and Build Support/CM Processes.
Additional background includes advanced working/supporting knowledge of ClearCase, Rational Unified Process (RUP), Perforce, CVS, RCS, VSS, TFS, GIT, GitHub. GitLab, Java, ANT, AWS, Terraform v1.39.
Results oriented professional with exceptional problem solving abilities/communication skills.
Currently involved in performing integration in Orchestrator workflow management solution using PowerShell/YAML config GitLab Pipelines CI/CD automation for DevOps related procedures and end-to-end development lifecycle.
These processes include SCM/Builds/Deployments/Full QA support, in an automated manner.
The automations have been in a most efficient ways possible where I have tried to replace human interaction with automation for better accuracy and efficiency.
Aerospace Industry applications, 3DX, MES (Manufacturing Execution System), PLM (Product Lifecycle Management), PLM4ADP, ERP (Enterprise resource planning).

Skills Obtained & Tools worked with
Experience Gained
DevOps / Release Manager / Configuration & Change Management / CI/CD Management
20+ Years
CM Processes & Standards
18 Years
Unified Change Management (UCM)
15 Years
ClearCase
4 Years
PVCS/ Dimensions

2 years
Perforce P4D/NTX64

10 years
Team Foundation Server 2008-2013

5 years
Git/GitHub Enterprise Server 3.1.9Git, GitHub, GitHub, GitLab, Action 2013-present
10 years
StarTeam

1& half year
Visual Source Safe (VSS)
4 years
CVS/RCS
9 years
Java/J2EE
5+ Years
ANT
5 Years
ClearCase, Rational Unified Process (RUP)
4 years
R&D Developer
6 years
C#
5 years
C/C++
6 years
AWS
7 years
Perl
10 years
Python Python 3.13.0a2

5 years
InstallAnywhere6.0
1 years
Visual Studio 2017/2019 Beta 2 & .Net .NET Framework 3.5/4.x Beta 2, Octopus 4.36.1 Deployment tool, VSTS 2015
9 years
MKSNT 8.1 / Cygwin Utilities

15 years

Windows PowerShell 5.1

6 years

CruiseControl.Net, JIRA, Hudson,
GIT 2.13.2. windows.1Windows.1
WebSphere, WebLogic, JBoss, Jenkins 2.5
5 years
Bash, shell, Cshell UNIX/Windows Platforms
10+ years
Unix/Linux
10+ years
Octopus Tentacle - 5.0.12
4+ years
Octopus Deploy Server - 2019.12.5 LTS
4+ years
Octopus CLI - 7.1.3
4+ years
Salesforce, Copado DevOps Platform, DevOps Azure, Octopus Deploy a Deployment automation tool for DevOps Teams
3+ years
Terraform v1.39 and Kubernetes
1 and six months

Education:
Batchelor, Electronic & Electrical Engineering BEng (Hons) - 1983
Masters, Computer Science and Engineering/SCU 1988
Certifications Obtained:
1.Certification, Rational Corporation, Clear Case Meta-Data.
2.Certification, Rational Corporation, Clear Case Administration.
3.Certification, Rational Corporation, Clear Case fundamentals on UNIX.
4.Certification, Perforce Software Inc.p4 99.2 Administrator.
5.Certification, Starbase Corporation (Borland Software Corporation), StarTeam 4.0 Administrator.
6.Certification, Microsoft Web Development with Microsoft Visual Studio 2010
7.Web Design Theory and Best Practices Module 1 - Module 2
8.Microsoft System Center Designing Orchestrator – 2012
9.BizTalk Development/Deployment/Configurations
10.Windows PowerShell 2.0/3.0
11.Privacy and information Security Training Certificate
12.TGS – Practices & Delivery Information Security Training
13.Microsoft Azure Fundamentals Certification
14.Building Language Models on AWS

LinkedIn Profile:
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/saied-kamali-35250684

Work Experience

Jan/17/2022 – Nov/30/2023 – (Remote)
End Client: Lockheed Martin Leading Aerospace and Defense Lockheed Martin
Employed via: TEKsystems Inc.
Senior Software Configuration Manager / Release Management
Team: Agile Excellence

Accomplished/performed, had ownership and maintenance of the following activities @ Lockheed Martin:
Responsible for the development, design, and implementation of new or modified software products like MES (Manufacturing Execution System), PLM (Product Lifecycle Management), PLM4ADP. Collaborate across Agile teams to gather their requirements, design, develop,
implement, build, test, and maintain technical solutions.
Work closely with QA to ensure the end product is delivery and deployment to Prod is done with highest quality. Provide support and enhance Engineering productivity as needed.

1.Used nexus3 gitlabauth plugin plugged GitLab. Scanners like Sonatype Nexus Repository Pro were used to improve uptime with fast artifact availability, automatic failover and component replications.
1.Nexus repository was being used to archive COTS from third party vendor like Siemens.
2.Used terraform infrastructure which was defined both cloud and on-prem resources in human-readable configuration file, was an infrastructure orchestrator, which was addressing the needs to automate the lifecycle of environments.
3.With infrastructure being codified, modifications of infrastructure are automated and terraform was used to establish across multi-cloud and on-prem data. It is also known for its use of a simple syntax, qualifying it as a prominent automation tool.
4.Design and implemented scalable, efficient, and secure SCM/DevOps solutions in a cloud environment (AWS).
5.Design and implement automated solutions for deploying, managing, and monitoring applications on AWS.
6.Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines for applications running on AWS
7.Design and implement automated solutions for provisioning, configuring, and managing AWS services such Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS), Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS), REST API in API Gateway (REST)
8.Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to AWS services
9.Worked on Migrating the infrastructure from the traditional AWS cloud environment to AWS GovCloud, for better security.
10.Managed applications in commercial Cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services AWS, GovCloud. Deploying and orchestrating micro-services in cloud.
11.Assisted in design and implementation of full data pipeline to support data queries and analysis in Cloud Data Warehouse in AWS GovCloud.
12.Monitor and optimize AWS services for cost efficiency.
13.Architect and manage infrastructure using tools like Kubernetes and Terraform.
14.Collaborate with product development, hosting, and QA teams to ensure alignment of DevOps strategies with business objectives.
15.Act as a hands-on mentor and guide for junior team members, leading by example to foster a culture of continuous learning and improvement.
16.Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines to automate software delivery, data store management, testing, and deployment processes.
17.GitLab CI/CD were defined in configuration:
a.Workflow configuration files are written in YAML (Yet Another Markup Language) and are stored in the code's repository.
18.Performed and supported GitLab-Jira integration. Authored a playbook to support SCM/RM for a generic/LMCO specified for standard, procedures for development teams. Maintained/created GitLab pipelines, for all supported projects lifecycle. Generating/maintain GitLab Config YAML (Yet Another Markup Language) files/runners upon request, for deployment lifecycle for multiple applications pipelines, such as MES (Manufacturing Execution System), PLM (Product Lifecycle Management), PLM4ADP (Internal PLM) software, Aero IT Projects such as Data and Analytics, Inner resource and Engineering.
19.Used IaC (Infra-as-code) software tool using “Imperative approach” to provides a consistent command line interface (CLI) workflow to manage AWS Clouds.
20.The network functions deployment is separated in two phases:
The required AWS infrastructure is created and managed via a central repository.
The configurations and codes were centrally stored in a GitLab repositories.
21.Used Azure DevOps Server 2022 exe version, in parallel for experimental purposes and possible consideration of replacement for current cloud being used.
22.Setup Azure Pipelines to automatically deploy to Azure Functions. Azure Pipelines allowed us to build, test, and deploy with continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) using DevOps Azure.
23.YAML pipelines were defined using a YAML config file in our repository. A step is the smallest building block of a pipeline was a script or a task (prepackaged script).
24.There are now two versions of the Azure Function App task

AzureFunctionApp@1
AzureFunctionApp@2.

2.AzureFunctionApp@1 included enhanced validation support that makes pipelines less likely to fail because of errors.
3.Therefore, we used AzureFunctionApp@2 for our processes for the same purpose.
4.Used compliable languages and tools like C#, ASP.NET, JavaScript

10/2017-01/2022 – San Mateo, CA (Onsite)
Fisher Investments LLC. https://www.fisherinvestments.com/
Sr. Application Developer & Performed Sr. Build & Release Manager
Team: IT Application Development

Accomplished/performed & maintained the following activities @ FI:
1.Setup complete Build Environment including physical build server.
2.Meanwhile continued supports to development team with CI/CD on Non-official Build VMs.
3.Tools used to achieve the activities: GIT version 2.25.0. windows.1, TFS 12.0.40629.0,
a.PowerShell 3.0, 5.0, 5.1, GNU bash, version 4.4.12(1)-release (x86_64-pc-msys)
b.Octopus 4.36.1,
4.Complete customized scripting of CI/CD using PowerShell/Bash/Python 2.7.14.
5.Module written in C# / HTML /PowerShell to Support the Build automation processes.
6.Complete development of a UI to support internal-user self-build/run/status checks for commits/build/CI/CD phases.
7.Owned/Managed/maintained/supported TFS/Git/GitHub source control systems in paroral.
8.Performed Migration Planning from TFS to GIT/GitHub by using git-tfs.
9.Used GitHub CI/CD GitHub Actions both allow you to create workflows that automatically build, test, publish, release, and deploy code. GitHub CI/CD and GitHub Actions share some similarities in workflow configuration:
a.Workflow configuration files are written in YAML and are stored in the code's repository.
10.Performed Migration from TFS to GIT & ultimately from TFS to GitHub.
11.Then migrated repositories from GitHub Enterprise Server to GitHub Enterprise Cloud. Using GitHub API.

About repository migrations with GitHub Enterprise Importer
Prerequisites:
1. Create your personal access token
4: Set up a migration source in GitHub Enterprise Cloud
5: Generate migration archives on your GitHub Enterprise Server instance
6: Upload your migration archives
7: Start your repository migration
8: Check the status of your migration
9: Validate your migration and check the error log

12.Used AWS clouds for code deployments to Prod.
13.Switched to Salesforce Copado CI/CD for pipeline build/deployment.
14.Downloaded Azure DevOps Server 2022.0.1 executable and Azure DevOps Server allowed the team to self-host the same modern dev services available in Azure DevOps, including boards (planning and tracking), Pipelines (CI/CD), Repos (GitHub repositories and centralized version control), Test Plans (manual and exploratory testing), Artifacts (package management and pipeline artifacts), and more.
15.Used Azure Identity and Access Management (IAM) to enable framework that allowed me to manage access to Azure resources. It allowed me to control who has access to your resources and what they can do with them.
16. IAM was used to assign roles to users, groups, service principals, or managed identities at a particular scope, such as management group, subscription, resource group, or resource.
17.To assign roles using the Azure portal, I had to have Microsoft Authorization/role Assignments/write permissions, such as User Access Administrator or Owner.
Then I could assign roles using the Azure portal by following these steps:

Identify the needed scope.
Open the Add role assignment page.
Select the appropriate role.
Select who needs access.

18.Used compliable languages and tools like C#, ASP.NET
19..Net Cross-Platform was used for building the application @ Fisher Investments.
20.Coordinating with IT Service Management/Development teams to leverage & support capabilities of the ServiceNow CMDB in supporting processes such as, including Incident, Problem, Release Management, Change Management, and Asset Management.
21.Act as a hands-on mentor and guide for junior team members, leading by example to foster a culture of continuous learning and improvement.
22.Used Visual Studio 2017 and other Products.

12/2016-09/2017 – San Diago, CA (Onsite)
Day Break Games LLC. https://www.daybreakgames.com/
Sr. DevOps Management / Sr. Build & Release Manager
Team: Software Development

Accomplished/Performed, & maintained the following activities @ Daybreak:
1.Prepared Perforce documentations on Branching (P4 Stream) methodology.
2.Prepared Perforce documentations Build & Deployment using Jenkins definition and
a.P4 Stream.
3.Prepared documentations on binary asset and to support multiple environments such as Dev/QA/Prod.
4.Created and used P4 Stream using different path types such: share, isolate, import, import+
5.Import+ was used and implemented to accommodate different types of file formats such all types of binaries (DDS, SWF, etc.) with Freestyle Multi-job and Parallel Multi-job plugins in Jenkins.
6.Maintain and support Jenkins for Post-deployment issues in CI/CD manner.
7.Used Jira & Confluence extensively for bug tracking and story/task tracking.
8.Attended and setup up daily meeting and agendas for the current and next spring.
9.Modified existing Python/Perl scripts and added new ones as required in the CI/CD processes.
10.Used AWS clouds for code deployments to Prod.
11.Used compliable languages and other tools like C#, .NET, JavaScript.
12..Net Cross-Platform was used for building the application @ Day Break.
13.Manage Unix/Linux servers of several companies the current one..
14.Have hands-on experience on operating systems like Red Hat Linux, Unix, Windows 2008 Server, Windows 2012 server etc.
15.Manage/maintain VMware, Windows 2003, Windows 2007, Linux, UNIX, MS Exchange.
16.Configure the Unix environments.

07/2016-11/2016 – San Jose, CA (Onsite)
NIIT-Tech Inc. https://www.niit.com/
Sr. Software Configuration Manager
Team: Application Build & Release

Accomplished/Performed, & maintained the following activities @ NIIT Technologies For Hawaiian Airlie:
On 07, 2016 – I joined NIIT-Tech and started as a contractor. Started working onsite with one of their clients (Hawaiian Airlines) as Sr. Software Configuration Manager.
1.Maintain multiple source repository, Source control system (TFS) and branching.
2.Build & Maintained Applications including SaaS (Software as a Service) applications models.
3.Automate the build using a cloud version of visual studio to simplify continuous integration of apps for platforms and programming language used. Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) using GIT version 2.10.0. Windows.1.
4.Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) is an extension of the Microsoft Visual Studio architecture that allows it to encompass development teams, with special roles and tools for software architects, developer specialties, and QA. Visual Studio is a software development environment built on the .NET Framework that is designed for managing projects and development work in a variety of languages including Visual C# .NET, and ASP.NET.
5.VSTS integrates with the Team Foundation Server (TFS) through a TFS Client API that exposes Team Foundation Server functions. These include a Team Explorer for browsing and managing items in team projects and a Source Control Explorer that provides version control, revision handling, and check-in/check-out functions. VSTS can use the Team Build system rather than its own built-in build system, and the same reporting IDE that enables inspection and analysis of VSTS elements may be applied to the Team Foundation Server and its contents as well.
6.Run Smoke testing upon each deployment.
7.Every commit should build on an integration machine.
8.Keeping the build fast.
9.Test in a clone of the production environment.
10.Make it easy for anyone involved to get the latest executable.
11.Automate deployment.
12.Supporting/Maintaining Development Environment as well Test/Production ${env}.
13.Run multiple Builds/Deployments onto Test/Staging/Production Environments.
14.Using Space Rack (to maintain to force down/up a server in load balancer)/Octopus 3.0/Saber Switch (change environments to point from one to another for QA testing) /Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) using GIT version 2.10.0. Windows.1 for Builds/Deployment processes.
15.Maintaining and coordinated weekly Build/Deployment Plans/Deployment Schedules for all releases (Major/minor).
16.Manage Unix/Linux servers of several companies the current one..
17.Have hands-on experience on operating systems like Red Hat Linux, Unix, Windows 2008 Server, Windows 2012 server etc.
18.Manage/maintain VMware, Windows 2003, Windows 2007, Linux, UNIX, MS Exchange.
19.Configure the Unix environments.
09/2015-05/2016 – Mountain View, CA (Onsite)
Veritas Technology LLC. The Leader in Enterprise Data Management Veritas
Sr. Build & Release Manager
Team: IT Software Development

Accomplished/performed & maintained the following activities @ Veritas:
1.On August 11, 2015 – Symantec announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Veritas information management business to The Carlyle Group, a global investment firm with a strong track record of growing businesses.
2.Upon completion of the sale, expected to close at the end of the year, Veritas will become a privately held company.
3.This development will give both Symantec and the Veritas business the financial wherewithal to accelerate the execution of their respective strategies and bring innovation to market sooner for partners and customers.
4.Joined Veritas while the separation from the technical aspect was still in progress, as a specialist responsible for Master Perforce (P4) Server and NINE sidetrack server for SSL connections.
5.The deployment maintenance of replica servers into remote sites.
6.Depending on the network configuration, these remote sites have highly secure communications pathways back to the master server, such as that provided by a Virtual Private Network (VPN), and in addition maintaining over 5000 P4 users for the company.
7.DevOps Manger (Sr. Software Configuration Manager) took over an existing build and release processes and environments mainly using a variety of products in addition to Perforce.
8.Used Jenkins 2.5 reconfigured for Build & Release environments which were mainly Java/J2EE related environments and using Jira Software project (Plan, Track, Release, Report), and issue tracking and Confluence and Document Collaboration in addition to P4 2015.
9.Used Python 3.4 script for the various purpose including build/release.
10.Used Microsoft Visual Studio Enterprise 2015 for building the products.

01/2011-09/2015 – Redwood City, CA (Onsite)
Genomic Health Inc. genomichealth.com
DevOps Manger / Sr. Software Configuration Manager
Team: Application Release

Accomplished/performed, & maintained the following activities @ Genomic Health Inc.:
A Biotech company interacted with an experienced multi-disciplinary team of engineers. A go-getter, problem solver with practical solutions/hands on complex projects. Reporting to the Engineering Services Director, successful processes for Supporting/Owning the source-code management system, P4D/NTX64/VSS, and processes across the engineering organization.

1.Coordinating and scheduling software releases from internal engineering to production systems recording change execution to comply with SOX, FDA, CLIA (Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments) and other auditing requirements.
2.Proposing and implementing process and Perforce/VSS improvements related to Configuration Management and Application Deployment.
3.Took ownership of Source control system “VSS-Perforce-TFS-SVN (Apache Subversion)” and applied and implemented branching methodologies for all source control systems.
4.Take ownership of the release and deployment processes, helping to shape deployment scheduling decisions and ensuring that change is properly monitored and recorded.
5.Provided consultative services to the larger organization, recommend deployment/installation solutions, develop and guide teams toward a common deployment framework and toolset.
6.Driving cross-functional automation initiatives that improved the productivity and effectiveness of the organization.
7.Deliver high-quality product consistently on, ahead of, schedule.
8.Constantly “move the ball forward” with respect to process automation/reduction in repetitive tasks.
9.Continuously look for (and implement) opportunities to simplify and streamline processes and propose concrete solutions with a plan for implementation that fit within my sphere of influence.
10.Guided direction only in complex situations and handle routine, and even moderately complex, situations while advising high-level management – but not requiring management prioritization / assistance at every step.
11.Solve routine problems quickly/efficiently.
12.Subject matter expert in my area(s), and actively promoted best practices across the organization.
13.Self-managed day-to-day task priorities/time allocations and advise higher level managements of exceptions in a timely fashion, to ensure that I was an enabler.
14.Currently involved in performing integration in Orchestrator workflow management solution using PowerShell to automate Dev-Ops related procedures.
15.The processes include Builds/Deployments/Full QA support, in an automated manner which no human interaction would be required.
16.Getting the environment ready to move into the Salesforce1 cloud.
17.Working with Jenkins for continues integration purposes 1.6 on Windows 2018/2012, External Job were used which allowed logging the executions of processes outside of Jenkins, even on a remote server.
18.This model was used so that we could use Jenkins as a dashboard for our automation system.
19.Java SE development Kit 8u77 as one of the needed plugins. Perforce 2015 was also used to pull source codes over to build environments.
20.Builds & Deployments were done with Jenkins 2.5.

12/2006-12/2010 – Los Angeles, CA (Onsite)
Spark Networks PLC. https://www.spark.net/
Los Angeles, CA
DevOps Manger / Build & Release Manager
Team: Software Build & Release

Accomplished/performed, & maintained the following activities @ Spark Networks Inc.:
1.Design and administer Visual Source Safe (VSS) and its branching methodologies, Build & Release Automation for the full/incremental/patch build in an active/web-based Windows environment to support the development and deployment life cycle fully.
2.Maintaining complex .NET development environments to accommodate the constantly changing codes for 32 Web Servers.
3.The inherited VSS processes were/completely modified to accommodate better and more reliable environment.
4.Ultimately migrated from VSS to Perforce 2004 on the company’s network to supported R&D lifecycle successfully without any loss of data based on my own recommendations.
5.Setup full and supported build/deploy environment under Perforce for support all development life cycle.
6.Continue to support and improve build/deploy environment for more powerfully controllable and powerful environment.
7.It is now at a stage which is controlled and monitored remotely.
8.Used Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 for building the products.

12/2005-11/2006 - San Ramon, CA (Onsite)
Five9 Inc. https://www.five9.com/
Sr. DevOps Manager / Sr. Software Configuration Manager
Team: App Development

Accomplished/performed, & maintained the following activities @ Five9 Inc.:
1.Implemented configuration management, release procedures, and worked with Servers
using Perforce 99.2.
2.Implemented branching methodologies under P4 for the associated repositories.
3.Developed/used tests & build scripts as required including assessment of software system based on cross-platforms.
4.Completed build test status and tracking documentation in an accurate and timely manner for several versions of software on NT Servers.
5.Performed setup and used Perforce 99.2 in release life cycle. Utilized of Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 compilers in release lifecycle.
6.Supported and maintained and executions on internal servers. Installed and used MKS Toolkit to convert NT server into Solaris platform to use Unix/Linux Utilities and Perl 5.0 for Build, Release and Deployment process on an in-house built in on LAMP & other (SaaS) leveraging JBoss, Linux, MySQL, iSCSI, NAS, SIP, products.
7.Installed/Used MKS Software provided automation and interoperability solutions for developers and system administrators.
8.Used Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 for building the products.

12/2003-12/2005 – San Francisco, CA (Onsite)
Williams-Sonoma, Inc. https://www.williams-sonomainc.com/
Configuration Management Specialist
Team: Development

Accomplished/performed, & maintained the following activities @ Williams-Sonoma Inc:
1.Dimension8.0 administration, build & release automation for the full/incremental/patch/branching methodologies build and Releases/Deployment processes on the designated AIX servers for DB/APP in a Retek environment.
2.Maintaining complex AIX environments to accommodate the changing Retail requirements for W&S applications.
3.Supported/maintained PVCS (Polytron Version Control System) 6.5-8.0 integrated Tracker and Test Director Interface administration.
4.On DB side administered/executed SQLPLUS application, inserting/dropping/adding rows, etc. by using TOAD & SQLPLUS command line interface.
5.Apache ANT 1.6. X UNIX utilities Pearl 5.x were used for complete build/release processes implemented/maintained/supported by me.

02/2003-12/2003 – Olympia, WA (Onsite)
Washington Courts https://www.courts.wa.gov/
Olympia, WA
Sr. Build & Release Specialist with Unified Change Management
Team: Software Configuration Management

Accomplished/Performed, & maintained the following activities @ Washington Courts:

1.Implemented entire CM processes as well as performing administration of Clear Case involving Unified Change Management (UCM) of Rational Software for all existing products. Designed and documented CM plans including branch methodologies.
2.Established processes and implementation of CM plan. Designed/implemented Build Processes and supported implementation of build processes for four products.
3.Collected, compiled, and tested source codes to produce final cohesive product all the way to production sites.
4.Provided support and maintenance of IBM Web Sphere Studio Developers for Windows version4.0.3 application.
5.Installed, supported, and maintained headless Ant 1.3 all for component compilation. Installed, supported, and maintained DJ Java Decomposer 3.2.
6.Handled creations and maintenance of five separate repositories (VOBs) under VOB database schema version 54 of Unified Change Management (UCM) of Rational Software. Maintenance of SQL files and DB processes, in genre al, using SQLPLUS were a major part of my responsibilities.
7.Due to the complexity of the ClearCase usage for end-users (R&D/QA Teams), recommended Perforce for implementation to replace ClearCase.
8.Transitioned from ClearCase to Perforce and provided complete Perforce admin setup.
9.Completed configuration management/release procedures, and owned servers using Perforce 99.2.
10.Developed and executed tests and build scripts as required including assessment of software system based on cross-platforms.
11.Took charge process of managing change in development from requirements to release.
12.Under Perforce 99.2 the development life cycle, defined change management to requirements, design models, documentation, components, and source code.

Team: Research & Development

Accomplished/performed, & maintained the following activities @ Converge:
1.Maintained and supported StarTeam 4.0 (Star Base Tools) for Bug Tracking and Source Control Management processes.
2.Enhanced and improved branching system under Star Base Tools.
3.Developed, executed, and built release scripts using UNIX utilities and Perl 5.0 as required assessing software system based on cross-platforms.
4.Completed all builds test status and tracking documentation in an accurate and timely manner for several versions of Converge software on NT.
5.Completed and owned Configuration Management Build and Release procedure SCM Servers. Performed extensive usage of JDK1.2.2, JDK1.3.0, and JDK1.3.1 compiler in release life cycle.
6. Installed and used MKS Toolkit to convert NT server into Solaris platform with Unix Utilities, Perl 5.0 for Build, and Release Deployment process.
7.MKS Software provides automation and interoperability solutions for developers and system administrators.

02/2001-07/2001 – Santa Clara, CA (Onsite)
Omni Shift Inc. https://cases.omniagentsolutions.com/docket/list?clientId=3678
Configuration Management engineer
Team: Software Configuration Management

Accomplished/performed, & maintained the following activities @ Omni Shift Inc:

1.Took ownership of configuration management, release procedures, and worked with Servers using Perforce 99.2 and its branching methodologies.
2.Added/improved/managed/branching methodologies.
3.Developed and executed tests and build scripts as
Contact this candidate