Christopher Smith
ad6yom@r.postjobfree.com 385-***-**** Saratoga Springs, UT

WORK EXPERIENCE

Fortem Technologies January 2022 – September 2023
DevOps Engineer II Pleasant Grove, UT
Primarily designed and developed CI/CD processes that provided an automation workflow for deploying system updates to offline embedded Linux systems.
oManaged and updated the Yocto build environment.
oMigrated from Jenkins to Gitlab CI.
oReduced overhead of developers in test and validation of software.
Extensively designed and implemented Dockerized solutions for production environments both in AWS and air gapped solutions.
Helped develop processes and methods to streamline the provisioning and deployment of embedded systems.
oAllowed costs on a deployment to go down by 60%.
Acted as primary AWS Admin for the company
oProvided effective utilization of AWS resources and services to increase productivity and reduce costs.
oConfigured and maintained adequate security parameters and baselines.
Developed tools using Python and Bash to streamline processes including systems administration, infrastructure deployment, and system requests.
oReduced IT tickets going into system by 30-40%.
oAllowed deployment of AWS security groups and resources to be propagated nearly instantaneously without costly man resources.
Utilized Ansible for automated deployment to on-premises based resources
Executech October 2020 – December 2021
IT Consultant South Jordan, UT
Provided full IT Services for various organizations and cities throughout Utah such as help desk support, Microsoft 365 administration, Windows & Unix Server Management, and deploying of resources to end users through Microsoft Intune
Assisted organizations work towards compliance industries including NIST, CMMC, and PCI compliance.
Developed autonomous processes through python and PowerShell automations including intranet portals.

KickTech September 2019 – October 2020
Information Systems Analyst Bountiful, UT
Provided Front-Line Support for users and help desk technicians diagnose issues with computer systems including workstations, printers, and other networked devices in a Citrix Environment.
Scripted user creation and provided a seamless process reducing the time to create a user profile.

EDUCATION

Brigham Young University - Idaho July 2019
BS, Computer Information Technology Rexburg, ID

CERTIFICATIONS, SKILLS & INTERESTS

Certifications: Security+
Certifications In Progress: AWS Cloud Practitioner (Expected Completion 10/2023), AWS Solutions Architect (Expected Completion 11/2023)
Skills: Python, Ansible, Git, Bash, Linux Administration, Docker, DevSecOps
Interests: Puns, skiing, spending time with my family, hiking, running, traveling.
Personal Projects

CardGuard: SD Card Copier written in python to allow copying photos to a database for storage and viewing photos (Written in Flask and Python)
Personal Home Lab Environment – Honing my skills outside of work in a variety of technologies including Docker, web hosting, and automated deployments
Contact this candidate