Inderpreet Kaur
DevOps Engineer Email: ad7385@r.postjobfree.com Ph #: 919-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Possess over 8 years of expertise in Build and Release management, DevOps engineering, application configuration, deploying code across environments, and automating related processes.
Skilled programmer with expertise in Software Product Development, Process Automation, Build and Deployment Automation, Release Management, Packaging Quality Control, and Source Code Repository management, as well as Environment Management.
Expertise in the use of configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, and Docker.
Experience with Amazon Web Services, including EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, ELB, EBS, Route 53, RedShift, EMR, Cloud Watch, Cloud Formation, Cloud Trail, and Elastic Beanstalk.
Strong understanding of how to establish new environments or rebuild existing ones, including OS installation, configuration, application baseline preparation, IIS setup, deployment, and functionality testing to ensure site functionality.
Expertise with Kubernetes for automating container maintenance and managing Docker containers in Kubernetes using REST APIs.
Familiar with AWS platforms, learn deployment concepts, host cloud services, and integrate with AWS Multi-Factor Authentication. Adapt architecture to move software system offerings to a distributed, service-based architecture using Docker and Kubernetes.
Excellent working knowledge of Nagios for monitoring servers, capacity planning, and application monitoring
Expertise with AWS automation - Cloud Formation templates, Terraform scripts.
Comprehensive knowledge of Apache, JBOSS, and Tomcat web and application servers.
Solid understanding of how to administer, develop and maintain Windows, Ubuntu, Red Hat Linux, SUSE Linux, CentOS and Solaris environments.
Well Versed with bug tracking systems such as JIRA, Remedy, HP Quality Center, and IBM ClearQuest.
Demonstrated experience in using Jenkins for continuous integration, continuous delivery, and continuous deployment.
Experience supporting and managing enterprise mission-critical applications in a round-the-clock environment.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems
Unix, LINUX and Windows
Version Control Tools
Subversion, GIT, Bitbucket
Build Tools
ANT and Maven
CI/CD Tools
Jenkins, Concourse, Bamboo and TeamCity
Configuration Management Tools
Ansible, Chef and Puppet
Containerization Tools
Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, ECS, ACS, and GCS
Programming/Scripting
Shell, Python, Ruby, Perl, XML
Languages
Repository Managers Nexus and Artifactory
Logging & Monitoring Tools
Elasticsearch, Logstash, Fluentd, Kibana, Grafana, Nagios, Splunk and Cloud watch
Cloud Technologies
AWS, Azure and OpenStack

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Mainstreet Bank Fairfax, VA Jul 2023 – Till Date
DevOps Engineer
Improved the infrastructure for Software Configuration Management (SCM) and implemented an Agile SDLC.
Managed Kubernetes entities such as pod services, namespaces, applications, replication sets, and deployments via YAML.
Implemented Kubernetes for scaling, load balancing, and management of Docker containers across multiple namespaces.
Utilized Terraform and Ansible to migrate legacy and monolithic systems to Amazon Web Services. Created Terraform scripts for configuring AWS resources.
Created custom Python tools to generate email templates to handle large data volumes and present results in an easy-to-digest manner.
Assured the management of AWS Cloud services such as user accounts, IAM roles, VPCs, RDB, DynamoDB, SES, SQS, and SNS.
Created indexes for Kibana to query with the ELK stack.
Implemented IBM WebSphere software automatic installation using Ansible playbooks.
Used AWS services like IAM, Route 53, EC2, EBS, AMI, Auto Scaling, VPC, Load Balancer, RDS, ECS, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, and SNS.
Created and modified settings automatically using Terraform in AWS.
Integrated a continuous integration tool (Jenkins) to support code builds.
Used GIT version control to manage the source code.
Developed Jenkins, GIT, CD Pipeline, and Code Deployment Guides for developers, testers, and production managers.
Developed, tested, and deployed software using Kubernetes and Docker in a Kubernetes container environment using Jenkins' CI/CD system and a Kubernetes container runtime.
Automated end-to-end build and deployment using Maven scripts, Jenkins, and shell scripts.
Achieved quality assurance, solved quality issues, and updated the database in accordance with release schedules. According to business requirements, code and database were published to production and staging.

Environment: Java, DevOps, Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, Kubernetes, Terraform, GIT, AWS, WebSphere Application, Kibana, Red hat Linux.

Hanesbrands Winston-Salem, NC Jan 2022 – Jun 2023
DevOps Engineer
Implemented a continuous integration system, built an automated build and deployment pipeline, and enhanced the user experience.
Automated software builds using Jenkins-based software.
Developed documentation detailing the build and release process, the sequence of activities for each release, and development guidelines for local builds for developers.
Created nightly AMIs for critical production servers as well as automated backups of ephemeral data-stores to S3 and EBS using the AWS CLI.
Created build and deployment scripts for moving from one environment to another using Jenkins' MAVEN.
Designed and constructed Docker images, created Docker snapshots, removed Docker images, and managed Docker volumes using Docker files.
Used Maven scripts to build the source code. Assisted users in creating Dynamic Views and Snapshot Views. Detailed documentation of release metrics and software configuration.
Managed users and groups using Amazon Identity and Access Management (IAM).
Implemented Ansible Tower for inventory management, job templates, and job scheduling. Accessed the Ansible Galaxy for Ansible roles to automate infrastructure.
Developed Ansible playbooks to provision Apache Web servers, Tomcat servers, Nginx servers, and Apache Spark servers.
Developed several Docker components, including the Docker Engine, the Hub, and the Machine.
Implemented a Jenkins-based continuous deployment pipeline on Docker, using Jenkins workflows and Jenkins pipelines.
Assembled an Ansible launch configuration for microservices, provided a load balancer, auto scaling group, and provisioned a load balancer.
Integrated deployment pipeline is created by integrating services such as GitHub, AWS CodePipeline, Jenkins, and AWS Elastic Beanstalk with the pipeline.

Environment: Java, AWS, Eclipse, Tomcat, Apache, Docker, Ansible, Oracle, Jenkins, JIRA, Maven, Git, Windows, Windows.

Colonial Life Insurance, Columbia, SC Aug 2018 – Dec 2021
DevOps Engineer

Utilized AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancers, Autoscaling groups, and optimized volumes and instances.
Implemented builds using MAVEN as the build tool and used CI tools to instigate the builds across the various environments, using MAVEN as the build tool.
Developed Python scripts for rotating multiple web server logs in a controlled manner on a regular basis.
Compiled builds using the pom.xml and build.xml.
Implemented a Master slave architecture in Jenkins to improve its performance.
Assured that GIT source code tools were managed and administered efficiently.
Utilized Java and GIT to manage, deploy, and manage project related tags.
Packaged and deployed applications to the Apache Tomcat server through the use of the Apache packager. Interacted with both the quality assurance and the software development teams on a regular basis.
Developed build lifecycle processes by deploying the build artifacts to testing environments, primarily QA and UAT, in order to ensure quality and accuracy of the builds.
Assisted in the deployment of WARs and EARs (backend) through WebLogic Application Server as part of a partial project.
Implemented SQL queries to ensure that transactions are properly entered into the database by executing SQL queries.
Managed the creation of new accounts, roles, and groups for AWS IAM using the AWS IAM console. I installed, configured, and maintained Route53, a DNS management application, as part of my DNS management duties.

Environment: MAVEN, Apache & Tomcat, shell scripting, Subversion, Jenkins, LINUX, UNIX GIT, GITHUB, Ansible, Nagios.

Shadow Infosystem Pvt. Ltd, Noida, India April 2017 – May 2018
DevOps Engineer
Developed, implemented, and maintained Ansible configuration management solutions for AWS cloud, VMware, and other environments.
Implemented AWS virtual servers using Ansible roles to ensure the deployment of web applications on AWS virtual servers.
Developed Kubernetes clusters and YAML files for pods, replication controllers, replica sets, services, deployments, labels, health checks, and ingress.
Assigned permissions to users and groups in JIRA, as well as created Mail handlers and notification schemes for users and groups.
Used to monitor and collect log files for Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources using CloudWatch, which is a cloud-based service that generates Simple Notification Services (SNS) for AWS.
Implemented Continuous Delivery pipelines for all application teams, including installation, configuration, and administration of Jenkins, Virtual Box, and VMware virtual machines on Ubuntu Linux servers.
Developed Ansible and Terraform scripts to schedule Lambda functions from AWS EBS volumes using Python's Boto3 libraries.
Installed Jenkins/Plugins for GIT Repository, configured SCM Polling for Immediate Build with Maven and Maven Repository (Nexus Artifactory), and deployed apps using custom Ruby modules.
Developed a global platform for continuous deployment of applications using open source technology such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Terraform.
Implemented continuous integration (CI) with Nexus repository by creating pom.xml files.
Assisted the application teams with pipeline template issues or adding new features.
Managed GIT source code tool and created Branches, Labels, and Merges.

Environment: Docker, Puppet, Jenkins, Nexus, Kubernetes, Terraform, GITHUB, Maven, VMware, AWS, Jira, Ansible, GITHUB, Nagios, Windows.

ANR Software Pvt Ltd, Noida, India Dec 2015 – Mar 2017
Build & Release/DevOps Engineer
Created and maintained branching, build, and release strategies using GIT, STASH, and Bitbucket.
Implemented and maintained GIT repositories, views, and access control strategies.
Developed Chef enterprise modules by using Chef cookbooks to automate provisioning and configuration between environments.
Implemented a dynamic provisioning and re-provisioning system based on local templates and LDAP data.
Utilized Jenkins for automated builds using the tools available in the CI environment.
Managed the existing infrastructure using Chef to ensure that it was maintained and managed efficiently. As a result, the nodes have been bootstrapped with Chef enterprise servers so that the data is stored in the nodes in accordance with the recipes created in cookbooks, which can be seen below
Integrated Docker-based testing infrastructure into Jenkins CI's test flow and configured Web Hooks and slave machines in order to trigger builds based on GIT issues and JIRA issues in Jenkins CI's test flow.
Integrated Scripts into the build artifacts (war/ear) for deployment to Tomcat or WebLogic apps servers.
Collaborated with developers to identify and warn of common build failures.
Worked with the Release Engineering group to develop software builds, patches, source control, and release tracking and reporting tools.

Environment: Java, Docker, Chef, Jenkins, GIT, Hudson, Jira, Apache Tomcat Server, Jira, Bitbucket, Linux.
Contact this candidate